LADY CHE TWYND'8 SPECTRE, OHAPTER XLV. UNDER EVIL GUIDANCE. 'I don't believe you will ever find a situation, Miss Gwyn,' she exclaimed. 'No one wants a governess with a secret who wanders away and is gone all night, and refuses to tell where. You can't stay hire all night nor even an hour. You will never find work in London,and you'd setter go back to the place you came from. I don't believe a worn of the story you've told me before thi-. bout yourself. You can't impose upon me longer. Are you going" 'But, Mrs Sharp,' pleaded Bernice, the full terrors of her situation draw - ing upon her, while btill she strove to be brave and to retrain her self com mand, I don't know where to go.' 'Go ,,bhere you went last night!' .oung Lady Ohetwynd's face whi! eoed, and her slender figure trem bled. 'I :annot go there,' she said, 'and I have no money.' 'No money while you wear a watch and chain, and a brooch ! You won't starve miss although you pretend to be 'so dreadfully innocent,' sneered Mrs Sharp: Bernice looked down at her watch and chain, gifts to her during the past year fromn Gilbert Monk. She had prized her watch for its usefulness, but had never thought of its monetary value. She supposed that she could. 1sell her scanty store of jewellrybtslihe did not know to whom to apply in her emergency. 'Will you take my watch and let me have my pay in lodgingsl' she asked, eagerly with a flash of hopefulness. No;L've told you I won'e have you un der my roof atany.price,'respond-d Mri Sharp angrily. 'Oan't you take a plain answer? You've done yourself up with me, Miss Gwyn-if Gwyn as you, name; which I doubt-and you had better leave my house before I sum mon a policeman to fetch you outl' The insult uttered in a loud threat ening voice, had its effect. Bernice's heart swelled in indignation, as she passed into the little ball, meeting the housemaid outside the drawing room door, where the young woman had beau diligently employed in listening, and hbrried into the street. A sense of hopefulness began to replace her indignant anger. She put behind her resolutely all her troubles and anxieties, and devoted herself to the task af finding a shelter. She stopped at various oasees where a card in the window informed her that a room was to be let within, but she met with no success. Hour after hour she walked on. SRorsingtherself at last as from a trance she started, hearing church bells chim. ing the hour of ten. 'So latel' she murmured. '1 have walked since morning. Where am Ito sleep to-nighti' She stared about her, the aspect of the place in which she found herself seeming strange to her; she was in a idlgy slWar; ýPrved by a foreIg4 look and air. Seedy moustached Frenchman beery Germans melancholy black eyed Poles,men of every contin ental nation, exiles, courier; men poor and with home sick longings in their eyes, haunted this dreariest of London squares and some of them were passing Berniceat nearly every moment, She was in Leicester square. Her day of aimless wanderings had brought her here into the very spot most fre quented by foreigners of. a certain class She saw no home scenes here, only darkened houses and shops, wandering men and women. She was now - too tired to go further and so faint and hungry that shecould think of little butjfood. Her diet for weeks had been confined to broad and tea and she felt the lack of even that feeble sustenance after her sleepless night and wearisome day. 'I can go no further,' she said to herself; I must sit down and rest, 'Ah, I am very tired' She satdown upon a doorstep, and the glare of a gas lamp fell upon her face. She had thro0wn back her veil, and her pale face, pore as a starishone in the full glare. A party of royater, ing men on their wfy to the gambling saloon near by, stopped to accost her with ribald words, but she neither heard nor heeded thim. She looked up with great tired, haunting eyes, and the men stole a'ay abashed before that pore gazo; I and went their way. Women glided past like shadows, and halted at a little distance. It seeas if the word fhomelesvnees was written on her facq but n: one spoke to her. Dangers snd perils stalked past her in the gate of wicked men and women, but thi island girl of St Kilda was watched over by a tender Providence, and thi dangers and perils passed her by. i Ah was she watheld over by a tender Providencet A man came sauntering upon the street on his way to one of the neigh bouring gaming houses. He wore a i shaggy beard anda alouching costume I but he was anmisiekeably English. t He kept in the shatiws as if he feared the police. He walked past Bernice and the light fell upon the hang dog face, his small furti;v eyes, his villain ons visage. Impelled by something familiar in the girl's dress or attitude, be turned when he' had passed her up to he looked beck sad then apprea. , ched her swiftly. He came to her and h seized her arm ins fierce grip, before I Bernice even noticed him. o 'Ha, I've found you at last he r he ejaculated, hoarsely. 'It is Miss!' f Gwyn!' ... Bernice started back with a low cry a of terror. Something in that evilly ex- n n'tant visage thrilled her with strange I1 fears. Monk had always treated her a with respsc and' afrection, and b Mrs Growl and Flack hal been respect fll and attentive servants to her. She ii still regarded Monk as her best and I only fieod. Wh7 then this strang b 'nd sudden horror of Monk's con y 'dential servants r y SLe drew her arm free from Flack's k grasp; and said h~nghtily, yet not t rising- 'b 'You foig t yolrselfl How dare you I lay your hand up o m?' te 'I beg your pa on miss,' saidFlack ci humbly,sinkiug int( the assumed chrr- ri acter he had so lapg supported. 'I a did forget myself along of the excite.' v weustement of seei?g you so suddent. •! Ch miss, where have been so long~ Master has been yell nigh distracted I and Mrs Orowlis aimost ill withgrief. She and 1 are waitiAc here in London '] to fiud you. Our jlodgings are .near t here. Let me take you to Mrs n Crewi, 1 'No, no, 1 can't go there.' ii 'Then where willjyou go misrl'asked Flack, reepectfully, with shrewd guess at her penniless and homeless con diuon. 'I don't know, said Bernice,wearily, I 'but not there.' g 'Mr Mons is down in Sussex,' said g Flack, studying the lovely wan pale e face intently. 'Won't you come to a Mrs Growl for to iightl If you need b money, miss, she'll give it to you. If you want to be a governese,which Mrs I Growl said you mentioned to her v mentioned to her, she'll find a situation o f,r you. You need not see Mr Monk s .~gain, if you don't I wish to. Only come with me Mrs Crowl in Lisle street a sirs Growl is ordering up her hot sup- ii per of stewed fowl and tea and toast,' f he added artfully. 1 Bernice reflected. She. had with drawn herself from Monk's protection t becausehe expected her to marry him I in return for his kindness to her; but b surely she might-acepect Mre Growl's protection for a single night. She could act stay in the streets, she was tired, and cold. and hungry; she wast afraid of the men and women who ogled her so curiosly asthey-pa.sL She knew nothingof evil plot against I her, she did not even suspect aught that the reader knows-that Monk and his two confederates were secretly her I enemies. 'I will go to Mrs Growl but only for to-night,' she said st last, To morrow I miat look for something to do. tead the way Flack- I will follow yon.' Had she refused to acsompany him, Flack would have risked everythiag I and carried her by force. Well pleased that she had fallen so readily and un- I seuspectingly into the trap prepared for her,he led the way from the dingy s?Oue toward, the i5hboU1i8 Itr. where Mrs Orowl and he had lodgings and Bernice wearily followed him. CHAPTER XLVI. TIE DETECTIVE WATCHING. On arriving at Chetwynd Park, the young marquis conducted his guests, Mr Tempest and the detective, Mr Bisset, to the library, Here his lord ship, at Bieset's request, recapitulated the story of Lady Ohetwynd's spectre, and the facts connectedwithits repeated appearance. submitting to be cross ex amined even to the minutest details. The dandy like officer dropped his little affections of eyeglass and drawl, and listened with a keen interest, and ex hibited a cool, calm judgment a clear preception, and an acuteness and shrewdness that caused Lord Chetwynd to revoke his earlier opinion of him, and to respect and have faith in him. 'I have to pass as yon guest, my lord, equally with your actual guest, Mr Tempest,' said the oEcer when Ohetwynd had given all the informa tion in his power. 'How many people in your house, my lord, know me in my true -haracter?' 'Miss Monk Mr Monk, Mr Tempest, and myself,'wasthe response. The house keeper, butuler, and under servants, of courseo,are in igorance ofyour business here-of your name even. They have been told that I expect a guest.' 'Yet I wish that even Miss Monk and Mr Monk knew me only as your lordship's guest,' said the officer. Men of my profession like to work in sec ret. Most ladies have a maid or con fidential attendant to whom they im part a good share of their secrets, and their maids are sieves for the m tel part, For instance if Miss Monk tel her maid who I am, the maid tell the household servants,and the entire house hold is put on its guard.' 'In this case you need have no anxieties, Mr Bisset,' said Lord Chet. wynd with a faint smile. 'Miss Monk's maid is exceedingly unpopular in the household, and the servants fear and hate her as cordially as she hates them.' 'Indeed my lord,bow is that? 'Miss Monk's maid in an East India woman, who was Miss Monk's nurse in her infancy and who has never been separated from her nursling during Miss Monk's life. The old Hindoo's devotion to her charge is something wonderful. And Miss Monk returns her affections in an almost equal degree. The servants have a prejudice against old Ragee's black skin, or her Hindoo religion to which she clings, and pro fees to believe the poor creature a witch. They wlll not eat with her, and she never sits in the servants' hall nor joins their merry makings. In short, old Rages is entily alone here and you need not fear:that she would betray her mistress's cor.gdence. 'I should like to meet the old woman in the halls or corridora,'said Bissetcare lessly 'As I told you, my lord, I was born in India, and spent my earliest years there, and I have spent five years of my manhood there also. I know the natives well. I have studied there character with intent to write a book about them, and the effect of British rule in India. But to return to business. Will you take me to your conservatory, drawing room,and music room, and point out the exact spots at which the spectre-we will call your visitor a spectre for the present, my lord-appeared to your lordehipt' Ohetwynd assented,and asked Tempest if he would accompany them. 'If you please, said the great explorer 'I am interested in this mystery, my ord, and I beg to assist in its reveal. ment. rake me into your confidence. Let me work with you. My interest in this matter is greater than you can guess. The detective cast a sharp glance at Tempest, whose stern, impassive face betrayed nothing of his secret, Yet Bisset saw something in the dark, grand countenance that chained his gaze. Henceforth his: glances at the explorer were frequent and furtive, although seemingly careless. Evidently he detected that Mr Tempest felt a more than common interest in this unknown and dead young Lady Ohet-. wynd,and as his mission was to pray out secrets, this might also merit his attention. 'Come with as. then Mr Tempest,' said Lord Ohetwynd, linking his arm in that of his friend. 'I am grateful foryoar kindly interest in my affairs. This way sir,' He led Tempest and the officer to thedrawing and munsic room, and pointed out the spot where Bernie had first and last appeared-how she had escaped his pnrsunt by runningdown the aisle of the conservatory, and out at the open door. Mr Bisset went over the ground carefully,and then said 'My lordi I will undertake the solution oLthis mystery, butl desire you to lsave the who'le matter in miy bands.l Permit me to come and go about your house at will,to question your servantto have s nightikey to one of the'outerdoors and to comport myself in all respects s a rarely privileged puest, or as a meber of your family. 'You may make your own terms, Mr Bisit ,'said the marquis, 'I resign the management of the matter into your hands.' His lordship showed.his guests their: rooms, and a little later luncheon was announced. Miss Monk did not app ear at tthe able, but Gilbert Monk came in, boiisb of sPI with . joriaYguia1 on his swarthy face, and a ge at affect' ation of lighthartedness in his manner. Ohetwynd introduced his step.brother to his distinguished goes', and to the detective officer, and Monk greeted them both courteously. Mr Bisset had resumed his drawl and the Lse of his eyeglass. He appeared to Monk a mere dandy, whose skill in his profession was a matter of doubt and Monk conceived great contempt for him. 'No fear of that fellow's seeing through a millstone,' thought Gilbert Monk contemptuously, 'He won't set the Thames on fire. I was prepared to meet ashrewder man than he. If I only knew where Bernice is, I could laugh at him.' lhe butler withdrew the covers and retired. 'Of course, Mr Bisset,' said Monk at an early pause in the conversation, speaking witha slight tinge of superior ity in his manner,as to a social inferior, 'you have heard all about Lady Ohet wynd's spectrel You are the gentle man from Scotland yard, I take it, as Mr Tempest is well known to everybody by name at least;as the great traveller and explorer. Ohetwynd Park, although one of the grandest rtsidences in England, has hitherto lacked that crowning charm-an authentic ghost. The deficiency ap pears to be supplied at last, and the Park may fairly be said to be haun. ted. The flippancy of this address, and the off hand allusion to Lady Ch,-twynd :hose name the marquis could not yet hear withoutpain surprised atd dis gusted Monk's listeners. He han meant to a-em boyish and thoughtless but be had in reality appeared coarset and heartless. 'Perhaps you can give me some infor t mation Mr Monk,' said the detective quietly, Gilbert started involuntarily. HelI fancied for a moment that Bisset's voice had a singular significance. The next moment her recovered himself and was ready to laugh at his folly. 'II' hs exclaimed. 'Oh no. I have not had the good or bad fortune to see the ghost. 'Miss Monk saw her, so Lord Chet- I wynd tells me.' 'Ye-s. My sister saw her, I bel. e ieve. And yet were it not for the scrap a of lace which Ohetwynd tore from the I spectre's arm, I should consider the apparition a mental delusion on the part of his lordship and my sister. But the capture of the bit of lace proves a that the visitor was a woman, and I daresay you will find the culprit in c one of the housemaide.Mr Bisset. 'Thanks for the suggestion, sir.' said Bisset, survdlly. 'I shall look to the i housemaids. Ah, bysthe-bye, 'Lord Obetwynd tell me that you were stand. ing in the doorway of the conservatory looking out upon the carden upon the first night of the spectre's appearance, ,. Mr Monk. And yet you saw nothing k of herr h 'Nothing whatever.' I 'His lordship says that you told him I that you had been standing in the i conservatory for a longtime, and that no one could have entered without your knowledge,' drawled Bisset, sipping his t claret, and speaking as if to make conversation. 'If the woman were hidden among the shrubberyyou manst have heard her emerge. But granting I she was noiseless in her movements a and that you did not see her at that i time, it is singular that you neither t saw nor heard her in her flight after she had been seen by Lord Ohetwynd,' 'Not at all singular,' said Monk, his I contempt for the officer increasing. g 'She probably saw me and hid her self; When the coast was clear she ' double as made her escape. Not see h in her at the time,I naturally supposed Ohatwynd under a delusion.' 'And your sister also Monk bowed in the affirmative, and thought 'I shall have to tell Sylvia that I have stated thatlshe knew of the spectre and concealed the fact, believing that she had seen a ghost, and that to con fes the truth would harm his lordship. There'll be an awkward haulks if 1 forget to tell her, although this fellow would hardly question sylvia about her sival.' The resolve was forgotten as soon as made, for the butler opened the door and came in with a yellow envelope upon a salver, which he presented to Mr Monk, saying apologetically- 'A telegram, sir, which a mounted messenger has just brought over from Esastbourne, and says is to be delivered immediate, sir.' Monk took up the envelope and tore it open, It was dated at London that very morning, and had been delivered with commendable promptness. 'It was brief, containing these 'ords- 'The runanway client has turned sp. No harnmas been done. All is ell. T'he client trill be held until you come. -%e can take yountine .The client,not teing w'ell eannot be ramooed under a _eek, and in theiscntcimeyou can feel assured lthat all is well' j'SCOTSBY MND NEWHAo.' Monk read the message twices It was from Flack, his trusted confeder ste, as he well knew. The form of the message he had himself dictated before hand, in view of this emergency. He comprehended its meaning. Ber nice was safe in the hands of Flack and Mrs Crowl. A.n eviljoy and exultation lamed up into his swarthy toetaad an evilZlep .. . . . ·. r · lighted up his smnsl black eyes. safe, safe; he could defy old Rages and her hatred of Lady Ohetwynd now, he could defy Biaset and all Scotland yard. Bernice and his secret were safe. Calming himself by an effort,he said to the tutler 'There's so answer. Here's half a sovereign for the messenger. Send him to Oherwynd inn to bait his horse, and tell him to hare the bill charged to me, that's all.' He gave the butler a gold piece, and that functionary departed. Then for the third timd Monk read the letter exultingly. He look up at last with a sense of neasiness, to find Bieset looking carelessly towards him. 'Have you good news, Gilbertl'asked Lord Ohetwyod in a tone of friendly interest. 'Excellent new; my lord. It's a telegram from Scotsby and Newman, and on business too,. It announces simply that a little speculation I entered into a while since has turned out a success,and of eourse,l'm rejoiced. One so impecunious as I can afford to laugh even at emall successes.' Monk cruampled up the telegram and throust it in his pocket. Then as if fearing to loseir, he drew it forth again and tore it into shreds, while Tempest continued the previous con versation, absorbing the attention of his host, lonk carefully secured, the shreds of paper, putting them in his pocket, and then gave himself up to a few minutes' ';neditation. He did notdeemitwise to proceed im mediately to London. He desired to watch the movements of the detective officer, and divert him, if possible,from any appreach to the truth. He feared that iis departure on the very day of Bisset's arrival might draw the attention of the officer upon himself. As Bernice was afe in the hands of his allies, ad not well enough to be removed toldawr Dastle,he could afford to wait awreSk before going on to her. He felt it necessary to communicate with Flackand lirs Crowl immediately and to do so as secretly as possi ble. Accordingly, directly after luncheon, he went to his own room to write a letter to his confederates. Bisset excused himself, and wandered away alone. Lord Chetwynd ordered out a pair of thoroughbrads and with Tempest went out form swift gallop through the paret andover the estate. Some two hours afterwards Obetwynd and Tempest rode slowly through the village of Chetwynd.by-Sea, and aa-. cenden the sill that led to the park. In advance of them a slender gentle. manly flg u? walkipg slowly,twirl ing in one g ddhand a small cane or walking sticks and smoking a cigar. 'It is Mr Bisset,' said Tempest. 'le's been down to the village. 'What canbe hope to discover by a visit at the.villagersaid Ohetwynd. He knows his own business, I suppose, however I fancy that foppishness of his is a mask le likes to wear because his real naturt which he hides beneath is so different At this momoent, 'Bisset, who was still in advance of the riders, paused at the small lower gate of the park and looked in4 Gilbert Monk was in the very act of opening the gate, having a letter in lhs hand,which he was conveying to Chet wynd himself, instead of intrusting it it, as was customary, to the butler and the postbag. Bisset stepped back, raising his hat to Monk, who, thrust his letter into his pocket sod came out, securing the gate behind him. At this juncture Chetwynd and Tempest Came up, and reined in their horses. 'I see that you have been over to Chetwynd, Mr Biet,'esaid the marquis 'I fear that Idid not make it plain to you that the mystery of the spectre is known to but a very few, and to no one outside the Park excepting Dr Hart right of Eastbourne, to the Chetwynd rector; and my bailiff. You won't get any light upon the matter in the village. , I beg leave to differ with your lord ship,' said Bisset, respectfully. 'I have obtained some light upon the mystery even at the village.' The three men uttered exclamations of surprise. 'I'm afraid you've permitted your self to be imposed upon sir, said Monk with a slight sneer. 'You would do better so concentrate your attention upon the housemaids: 'The spectrewas last seen at Ohets wynd Park on Tuesday night,' said Bisset unhbeeding Monk's remark. 'And on Tuesday lnight. I have discovered, a young girl can in a fly from Eastbourne alighted at la top of the street,:and told the flymsan to drive on to the inn where she would join him at a certain time, and return with him to Eaes: bourne. To say the least, this was a mysterious proceeding. But what renders it more mysterious is, that the yonunglady did not return at all, as she had agreed. The flyman waited for her in vain.' 'It is meet singular,' said Ohetwynd, 'Do you thislk that the young woman was my mysterious visitor' tIt is quits possible that she was,'said Mr Bisset' guardedly. 'Perhaps Mr Monk can give us some information in regardlto her. The stable boy tells ae that Mr Monk hired the (empty fly to convey him to Eastbourne, yesterday Ipnoramp .s., 'Yes I did,' said Monk. 'I went over to the inn to procure a conveyance to Eastbourne, being in haste to tele* graph to Scotland yard. I found the fly on the point of starting, and went with it;but Ido not attach any impor. tance to the information you have received at the Obhetwynd inn, Mr Bisset. The fyman. informed toe that he had brought over a veiled lady to Ohetwynd, and she had there given him the slip, but I can see no mystery. She is probably some farmers daughter living her'abouts,snd anxious to reach home that night without pay ing the return journey.' The theory looked so plausible that both Mr Tempestand Chetwynd accept ed it as the true one. Even Mr Bisset seemed to regard it as probable. 'You show a remarkable degree of shrewdness, Mr Monk,' Faid the officer flatteringly, 'You seem to have devoted considerable thought to this unknown lady and her proceedings,. It is my business to pick up a thread here and a thread there,and weave them together into a perfect fabric, and, of course, many times I pick up some worthless thread which I am obliged to throw away. If I have been for a moment on a false track, I must hasten to get on the right one.' He raised his hat, and, moving seine out of Monk's path,' passed on. Monk went his way towards the village, and ahetwynd and Tempest cantered on to wards the Park. There was a strange smile on the face of the de'ective officer, as he tol lowed them,and whistling softly to him telf, passed in at the lodgegates and sauntered slowly up the avenue towards the mansion. Miss Monk was walking slowly to and fro on the marble terrace as was her daily custom, Bisect suspect her identity at once, and stepping back into a deeper shadow caused by a tree he stopped to regard her. CHAPTER XLVII. A vEXATIOUV INTRUDER. Entirely unconscious of the keen regards of the detective officer, Miss Monk continued walk to and fro upon the marble terrace, in the shadow the great house, She knew that Ber. nice, LadyjOhetwynd,lived. She could not comprehend why Bernice did not declare herself to the marquis. She fancied that Bernice had discovered her foul treachery and crime, and was bid ing her time, with intent to overwhelm her at some fateful crisis, such as the expected marriage. But why had Bernice so long concealed the fact that she still lived1 'I can't understand it,' she muttered moving swiftly, with serpent like nu dulations. There is some mystery in this matter that I cannot fathom. It is Gilbert Monk who controls Bernice -Gilbert who is playing secretly against me. But what is his object? Her speculations were vain. She could not fathom Gilbert Monk's de. signs. 'Gilbert has avoided me of late,' she thought uneasily, 'Once our interests were in commons; now he pursues his own schemes, and leaves me to pursue mine. I am going to have an under standing with him before I sleep. I wonder Ihave not before this compelled him tomakeanexplanation.I must know what he intends to do, what his plans are, and why he rescued Bernice, and why he permits her to live to be a terror end an obstacle to me. Can it be that he easpects to make a fortune by giving her up to Roy at the last moment,regardles of what becomes met I will know before I sleep.' Having arrived at this conclusion, Miss Monk's uneasy and restless thoughts settled upon the new arrivals at Ohetwynd Park, and more particu irly upon the detective officer. 'If it were not that Bernice lives and is at the Park-where else can she be?- Scould defy even him,'she thought. Does Gilbert mean to let the detective spy out his;secret. and Lady Cbetwynd's identity. If this officer were aFrench detective,now I might tremble. As it is, he is a burly Englishman, Idaresay,stupid and opinion. ated, and as dull and witless as an oyster. One look from my eyes would strike the fellow dumb. He'd hardly dare say his soul was his own in my presence. I sup pses he is not used to dine at ajgentleman's table, and I shall fairly dazzle him with my beauty and splendour. I think I may as well be civil to the fellow, although 1 wonder at Roy's democratic way in treating him as a guest. I should like to meet the fellow before dinner, and before this great explorer, Tempest, appears, to claim my chief attention. Fortune, as usual, seemed inclined to favour Miss Monk. The detective officer, having studied the lady from afar sufficiently, now emer ged from the shadowof the asrena limes and approached the terrace at an easy. sunterbinge, sdigig his fashionablymade gmounted walkng sticklin one gloved hand. s Monk knew intinctively tHet ore hiwasgold t detectivy ble scer, wiand not Mr Tempestond or a chancg the visitor, sled ed of his scenturled Gilbtteringt Mponk enter lta ained for him.n the hiRegent streat 'swell. Thin th detective Miwas inMoene,and not brainctiy that secured to him die reputation; or poaibly by merest thus gained, or he's so amateor, self.nt toe's i dol-a and here, nre- hed toin lear w histh baoie ·. A hidl could bopldwi him.' Still with that contemptuous smile on her face, Miss Monk continued her slow walk. Mr Bisset came up to her, meeting her squarely, and so arrested her steps, while he raised his hat and made her a Chester fleldian bow 'I have the pleasure and honour of addressing Miss Mona, I believe?' said the detective, in his courtly manner, with a fashionable drawl. Miss Monk drew herself up superciliously and eyed him with a haughty stare, '1 am Miss Monk,' she said coldly. 'You have the advantage of me, .ir. I do not know who you are. Mr Bisset appeared in no wise abashed at this repulse. He hastened to say suavely 'I am Mr Bisnet,Lord.Chetwynd's guest Miss Monk. 'The policeman?' said the lady. ',!Ah I snoopose I should have said the detective efficerl 1'm sure t beg your pardon. You detectives are the aristocrate of the police force, as I understand it. No one would take you for a detective, Mr Bisset, she added more gracefully. 'You looks like a gentleman.' 'I am a gentleman both by birth, and breeding, but unfortunately money 'does not always accompany gentle blood. It became necessary forme to support myself and I chose my present profealioh from sheer love of it. I have a mania to study people. And 1 have encountered many singular persons in my career,' he an swered. There is a singular fascination in studying character, and secretlplane,and schemes, to track~through acts the hidden springs of motive. Nature intended me for my present place, and I find a great delight in it.' 'Still you must now and then find your self baffled.' said Miss Monk graciously, yet considering the oficer an insufferable egotist. 'I suppose now Mr Blseet-is that the name?--that in all you professional experience you were never called upon is a case similar to this. Until the night tefore last we have believed Lord het wynd to be a hypochondriac, the victim of a preposterous illusion or delusion. But now of course, we know him to be the dupe or prey ef[some designing womsnwho permes upon her ,resemblance to the te Lady Ghetwynd to play spectre. The scrap of lace torn from the woman's sleeve shows iclearly that it is no spectre but an actual woman.' 'Certainly,'assented Mr Bisset. 'But itis all so mysterious,' sighed Miu Monk. 'And it is terrible in this ninetheeuth century to live and move in this mystery so impenetrable-to be made the mock of some unknown person. Is this young woman who personate the late Lady Chet wynd simply a mischievous person, or is she designing? Does she mean to trade upon her likeness to the dead.or does she simply mean to frighten un? I would give much to know. Solve the mystery for us, Mr Bisset, anad I wilt myselt double the reward which Lord Chetwynd will give you., Mr Bisset bowed and expressed his thanks. 'lstand towards Lord Obetwynd in a peculiar relation,Mr Bisset resumed Miss Monk with a apparent frankness. 'You will bear the troth from others, so I need not hesitate to tell you that his lordship is my betrothed husband. In fact we are to be married next month, on the twenty third, some six weeks from now. The engagement is no secret, and you may have seen it announced to the Court newEpaper. As the future Lady Chetwynd, I am of course,seriously annoyed at the appearance of this being whom we have until now supposed a spectre-this mysterious young woman, with her remarkable resemblance to my predecessor.' 'Certainly,'said Mr Bisset,'her appearence must be a serious aunoyance to your lady ship-I mean toyou. Haveyou formed any theory in regard to this mysterious young woman Miss Monk.' Sylvia's face flushed at the title applied to her with such apparent unconsciousness. Her mraner was warmer rnd more con descending as she replied. To be continued, 