THE BOTTLE IMP. CHAPTER IV.—CoJrfiMKu. Our last left Keaivc moralising oh the fiances of the old iaar> being able to ^et rid of the botlle. After a slight pauae he vent on : . "At three it -will be quite impossible. I'hc margin is not broad enough j the thins begins to Mil ell of scorching— brr-r !" said lie, and shuddered. " It is true I bought it myself for a cent, wheu I know not there were smaller coins. I was a fool for my pains ; there will never bo found another ; and whoever has that bottle now will carry it to the pit.1' " Oh, inj' husband !" said Kokua, "is it not a terrible thing to save ourselves ]»3T the eternal ruin of another V it seem; lo use 1 could not laugh ; 1 would oe humbled ; 1 would be filled with mel in c!;<ilv 5 I would pray for the poor hoid.-r.'' Then K-:-a".ve, because he felt tlie truth of whntsh;; s iid. grew the more angr\\. " H«5i^hty-tvighty," cried he, " iou mav be iilied with melancholy if you please. It is not the mind of a good wife. If you thought at all of me you v.ould sit shaiued." Thereupon lie went oat and Kokua was alone. What chance had she to sell the bottle at three centimes ? iSone she perccived. And if she had any, here was her lius hurrying her :i'.vay to a country where iii>tii':i\\* was lower than a cent. And here—on the morrow of her sacrifice— here was her husband Itiiviny Uev and blaming her! She would not even try to profit by what she had. but she sat in the house, and now had J he bottle out and viewed it with unutterable fear, and now with loathing hid if <>:it of sight. By and by Iveatve eatne b;tek anil would have her fake a drive. " My l.usb-nd. I am ill," she said. "I am out of" heart. ISscuse me, 1 can take no pleasure." Til ii was Ki live more wroth than ever with her, because he thought she was brooding over the case of the old dim. aud with hini5 If bjciiuss he thought she was right aud was ashamed to be so happy. "Tnis is your truth,1' cried lie, " aud this your affection! Your husband is j just saved from eternal ruin, which lie j eucounievel for the love of \ ou—and you i cm take no pleasure ! Kokua. you have i a disloyal heart." i He wiiii forth again furious, and wandered in the town all day. He met friend - and ur.-mk with them ; they hired a carriage and drove into the country and there drank again. Ail the time Keawe was ill at ease because he was taking his pastime while his wife was sad and because lie knew in ids heart that she was iix.-r.* right than he, and the know ledge made iii'.u oriak the deeper. Now, viiere was an old. brutal Uaole drinking with him—one that had been a boatswain of a whaler, a runaway, a dig ger in gold mines, a convict in prisons. He had a low mind and a foul mouth ; he loved to drink :>nd see others drunken, and he passed the glass upon Kcave. Soon there was no more tnouey in the company. " Her j, you," says the boatswain, "you are rich, you have been always saying. You h.ive a bottle or some foolisli- j iiess." | " Yes," says Kvawe, " 1 am rich. 1 J will go back and get some money from i my wife, who keeps it." j " That's a bad idea, mate," said the | boatsiv.-u:;. " you trust a petticoat j with dollars. They're all as false as water ; you keep an eye on her.'' Ifow, this iv.j 1 Muck in Keawe's mind, for he was taud.i-ed v.ith what he had been drinking. " 1 should not wonder but what she was false, indeed," thought he. " Why else should she so cast down at my release l 15 jc 1 wiii s:iow her that I am nor the man to b.5 fooled. I will catch her in ti;e act. Accordingly, v. hen thej' were back iu town, K awe h.vie the boatswain wait for liini at she c <nier bj» the old cala boose, and wont .V ward up the avenue along to the door of his house. The night had come a .rain ; there was ;t light within, but nev^r a sound ; aud Keawe crept about the corner, opened the back door sc.fily and hmked in. Th-re itas K-ikua on the floor, the lamp at her side ; before her was a milk white b iitK' ai:ii a roaud belly aud a long nick, and as she viewed it llokua wrung her hands. A loi:g time Keawe stood aud looked in the d Jornay. At iirst ? e was struck stupid and then fear fell upon him that ths barga n had becu made amiss aud the J bottle had come back t j him as it caine I at Sail Francisco ; and at this his knees ! were loosened and the fumes of the wine departed from his head like mists off a river in the morning. And then lie had another though'., and it was a strange one, that made Ir s cheeks burn. •'I must mike :;ure of this," thought lie. So ho clos-d th : door aud went softly round the eovner again, and then came noisily ia as though he had but now re turned. Audio! by ihe time lie opened the frontdoor no bottle was to be seen, and Kokua sat in a chair aud started up like sue wakened out of sleep. " I have betn drinking all day and making merry," s iid Keawe. "1 have been with good companions, and now I only came hack f-.»r money, and return to ' drink and carouse with t-ieui again." 33uth his face a-»d his voice were stern as judgment, but K<>kua was too troubled to observe. " You j well to use your own, my husband." sad she, and her word's trembled. "Oa, 1 do well in all things," said Keawe, and he «s«i straight for the chest and took out moiie}'. But he looked besides in the corner where they kept the bottle, and t!:cre was no bottle there. At thai the ;hc3' heaved upon the floor like a so i billow, and ti:e house spun ab;>ut hi.n like a wreath of smoke, for he saw that he was lost now aud there was no escape. 1; It is what 1 fear d," he thought. it is she who has bought it.'* Aud ti;ei: he came to himself a little and l'os'i un, but the sweat streamed on his face as thick as the rain and a3 cold as its well water. ■"Kokua," said in?. *'i said to you to day what sll became me. N<»w I return to house with my jolly co;m>.ini*;ns," and at that he laughed a little <jui«:ly—"1 will take more pleasure in the cup if you forgive me." •She clasped his knees in a uiome-nt, she kissed his ka- es with flowing tears. "Oh!" she cried, " 1 ask but si kind word ! ' "Let us never think hardly of the oih«r," said Keawe, and was go::e out of the house. Now the money Keawe had taken was only some <»f that store of centime pii^eu they had lai*3 in at lheir arrival. i; w.js yeiy sure he had no mind to lj-.i drink'ii::. ilis wife had given her SoU| f.,r u., v lie must give h:s f„r jiW1.s. U<J ,)tiu.r fclojght was iu the w.-rid f„v At the vomer of ih.:- yhl c,t!;:.b.josy there was the <slu boaibwain waiting. itly wife has the sai l *ci. and unless you help me to recoier it there can be no more money and iu more liquor to night." \ou do not mean to Si«y y«>u arc serious about that l ottle V'' cried 1 lie boatswain. Fiiere is the lamp,"' said *" t !<> jJ> as if I was jestinjj." " LVat is so,1' sasd the boatswain. "You look as serious aa :i ghost." " W'eiJ, then," siid Keaive, *' in.'re ;u Unco centimes ; you must g?> t<> my wifti in tSie house and olier her these i.jr the 0<'ttlo, wiiioh, if 1 am not much mistaken. sIjo will give y>ii instantly. lirmg it to uieheie, and I wiil b;iy it. back fmsn von lor two ; for that is the law wiih this ootila, that it mli must bo sold for a less sum But whatever you do, never ftreatne a word to her that you have com worn Hie.'' '* -Jato, I wonder if you nro iwakii!" a I tool of me V asked the boatswain. | It will do you no harm if I am," re turned I\\_eawc. 4\. i:wt is so, mate, said ihe bo :ts»vaiii. tt "And if you doubt jho," added K«;uvc, you can try. And as soon as you are clear of the iion.se wish to have your pocket full of inou?y, or a botile of the best rum, or what you please, and }7oji j will see the virtue of the thing " " j ^ ery v. eli,' say.'i the boatswain, '■ I j v-iil try. but if you are having fun out of mo. I wiii take my fun out of you with a belaying pin." I iS'J the whaleman wen* off up the avo.-iue, and li.e-awe stood and waited. It was near the same .spot where Kokua l'=d watted th.'. ni-ht before, but Keawe was more resolvej, and never faltered in his purpose ; only his soul was bitter with despair. It seemed a, long lime he had to wait before he heard a voice singing hi the darkness of the avenue. He knew the voice to be the boatswain's, but, it was strange liow drunken it appeared upon a sudden. ^ext the man himself came stumbling into the light of the lamp. He had the devil s bottle buttoned in his coat; another bottle was iu his hand, and even as he came in view he raised it to hia mouth and drunk. *'\ou have it, * said Keawe, "I sec that." _ "Hands oil ! ' cried the boatswain, jumping back. *' Take a step near me, and I'll smash your inuutli. You thought you could make a cat's paw of me, did you?" " What do you mean ?" cried Keawe. ** Mean?''cried the boatswain. "This is ■" pretty good bottle, this is, that's what I nii an. How I got it for three centimes I can't make out; but I'm sure voij shan't Lave it for two." " You mean you won't sel! ?' gasped Key We. '*^*o, sir !" cried the. boatswain. "But 115 give you a drink of the rum if vou like.'' J I tell you,' said I£ea*ve, " the man who has that bottle uoes to hell.1' I yecbon I'm going auyway," returned the sailor ; " and this bottle's the best thing to go with I've struck yet. No. Sir,1' he cried again, " this is iay bottle uow. and you can go and fish for another.' j * ^au this be true 1' Keawe cried. , 01 J,yur own sake, I beseech you, sell it me. "I don't value any of your talk, said tlie boatswain. " You thought I was a flat; r.ow you see lam not, and there's an end. If you won't Iiave a swallow of my j rum. I'll have oue myself. Here's your health, and good night to you." I So off he went down the avenue io svard town, and there goes the buttle out I of the story. j But Keawe rau io Kokua light as the j vmd ; great was their joy that night, and great, since then, has been the peacc uf j all their days in the Bright House. 