NLifisiooary Meeting. Spe ech by Sir Wm. MacGregor. A very largely attended meeting was held fa tbe Albert street WeBleyan Ohuroh lust ntght, under the anspioes oi tbe annual distriot meet ing fa aid of foreign missions. Mr. B. Aland, M.L.A., oooupiod the ohair, nnd there were with him on tboplutfoim Sir Wm. MaoGregor, Governor of Now Guinea, sevoral ministers at present in BriBbano in oonneotion with the Distriot Meeting, and two FijianB, who are now ou their way baok to New Guinoa, having jn-t completed a ono year's term of servioo under Sir Wm. MaoGregor in New Guinea. Tho proootdings were oponod with singing snd prayer, after whioh the Chaxbuan ex pressed his pleasure at being present and at tbe large attendance. It Bhowed a strong interest in mission work; They would have addresses from those who conld speak of what they know acd testify to that whioh they had seen. At the oall of Sir Wm. MaoGregor, tho Wesleyans bad taken np tho field at New Guinea, and he trusted that the work done there and in other plaees would be to the glory and honour of God. (Applause.) The R»v. R. Stbwadt, Bee-rotary to the Foreign Missionary Society, read a short report showing the snbsoriptionB reoeived from the various oircnits to have totalled £223 18b. lid., as against £193 16s. 4d. for tbe previous year. Ho expressed a hope that the inorease next year would be still greater, aud that the ool- leotion to bo taken np would prove a good start, and abeer those who were working fa Its foreign mission oause. (Applause ) Rev. A. J. Whiid, having explained the absence through Bioknose oi the Rev. A. J. Small, of Fiji, and Rev. E. Yonngman, of China, spoke of tbe work whioh had been done in Fiji, tiamoa, and other Bouth Sea IslandB by tbe Wealeyan missionaries, of whom ho bad been one. Somo 60 or 70 years ago, he said tbat those islands were fa darkest heathenism. When it was first proposed to send missionaries to Fiji the inhabitants were spoken of as boasts snd devils, but after 16 years of missionary work there was not a single Fijian who hod not the advantage of Snnday and day sohools. No one knew better than tho missionaries themselves what work had boon done, and how it was accomplished. Not by tho missionaries hut by the powe r of the Holy Ghost. Roferonoe wse made to tbe gradual extension of mission ary enterprise and the fadomitablo oonrage of Fijiane who had undertakes tho work nndor most trying and dangerous oiroumstanoos. Ho then spoko briefly of tho work which had been undertaken in Now Gninea. Tbe Chaibxak then introdaoed Sir Wm. MacGregor, who, on rising, was greeted with land and continued ap plause. He said that his datles had not permitted his preparing a sot address, and he would therefore have a port oi informul oonvor- sttion, fa wbioh ho would try to givo a little iuiurmuiion ox a pruoiical una business kind, with the understanding at the outset that he was not going to toll fanny stories or relate tales of horror. Ho had had from tho Rev. A. J. Webb, since his arrival on tbe platform, eomo indication of tho line on whioh ho would libo him to speak, nnd he would try and ehow the people of Qneenslbnd that they had a duty to discharge with regard to Now Gninea mission work. It was haidly necessary for him to say tbat all tho missions at work in Now Guinoa woro on sn equal footing with him. (Applause.) Thoy oould depend upon it that ii the Adminis trate r of Now Guinoa, whoovor ho might be, bad any proforenoo for any one pnrtionlar mission, it would bo for that one wbioh didtbomostgood. Amongst tho miiBlonarieB in Now Guinoa tboro woe eaoh u broad cboritablo feeling that thoro was hardly suoh a thing in oxistenoo as ssotarianism. (Applnnso.) Ho was very glad to bo ablo to bear that testimony, but it would boar its own fruit fa tho oourso of tuao. Ho had boon in tho habit of Baying that ho looked upon himealf an boing en honorary mombor of oaoh of the missions. (Applnnso.) Probably most of thoso present wero award that at tho prosont timo tbo east oi administration of Now Gninea was boing contributed fa praotloally eqnal proportiono by GreatBrituin, Queensland, New Bouth Walos, end Viotoria. InashorttimoGroat Britain would fall out, and tha doty would then devolve upon tbo other three Governments. It would bo utmost impossible, for tbo Administrator of Now Guinea to hold the soalos ovenly whera four masters wero oonoomod, bat the oourso of legis lation in British Now Guinoa was not direoted bv tho ideas of ono man. Tha responsibility of tho genoral laws and tha polioy adopted thero were ohorgsd jast as maoh upon Bir OsiDiiol Griffith, Sir Thomas M'llwraith, Mr. Morehoad, Mr. Thynno, and tho othor men who think end act with them as it woe upon the Administrator of British Now Gnlnoa. Perhaps fa old and well ostsbliebod com munities it would ha Inst an well that tho Ohnrphend State should have amnio elbow room, and work fadepondont oi eaoh othor, bat in pluoea like British Now. Guinea it was possible end ' hot undesirable thatmlsslonsand tbe Oteto should work togethor as tho end thoy fcoth bud In view was tho ' earns, nnd they plight junt an hell journey together sindi help eaoh other on the road. (Applaups.)7 :Tho ipMt important of tbe Idwa coppeppfagNew Gnfaep: wore -the,, land laws, .end as far .ap theiptetesta of ,Jbls auditors were obnoeinedrthey 'might be'pnrkA'two asnteneea. In tho (first plaoe no natlro fa .British New i. ..j i- - ii Gninea was to, ho dispossessed of his land ,to makoroom for any othor settlor.' and fa the second plitoo the Government would obtain' for overy mission ' suoh land as might bo required, and tranofor it to them at its first aont. Tho qnostion of the land was to tho native of Now Gninea a matter of groat importanoo. It Is tho key to tho wholo position. Thoy wero agrionltarlets and thoy lived on what thoy got out oi the land If thoy woro to bo dispossessed of their lands, wbioh thoy had held from timo immemorial, mission work wonld bo hopoloss. ' It might bo ashed what gnarantoo thoro was that tho law would booontinuod, but ho thought tho faot of it having been npprovod of by the leading states, men be hod nnmod was a sufficient gu irantoo. It bad also tho cord'al support of Sir Arthur Palmer and Sir Charles Lilloy, and of many others. (Applause ) He looked upon the polioy wbioh had boon adopted fa the matter as a wieo and just ono, and if oontiLued, as he had no doubt it would be, tbo result would be that it would prepare : for Queensland a large and valuubl'o dopondonoy. (Applause.) Must of thorn world know , that thoy had four missions at work in New Guinea. The fleet to start was tho London Missionary Society, and it had now been at work for about 20 years. An im mense amount of good work had been dona by . it under vory udverso oiroumetanoes. It had taken up a lino of coast wbioh extended for 10 degrees longitudo, whioh was about one-thirty- sixth oi tbo total oiraumferenoo of tho earth. Five principal stations had been established by tbem. Beginning at tho woBt end thoro was the Fly Blvcr Station, whioh wus a very unhealthy distriot, inhabited by an untraotablo and eavego lot of natives. They hod not hud that saooa-a there wbioh one wonld like to soo. It was now about to be taken up by the Bev. J. Chalmers, a veteran miesionaiy, and ho thought that tbat gentleman would in tbo oourso of a few years charge tbe condition of that part of the oouotry very materially. Proceeding eastward, tho next station was at Motu Mota, wbioh was the creation of Mr. Chalmers. Then thoy oamo to the one at Port Morosby, whioh wis tha oroa- tion of tbo Bov. Mr. Luwen. The London Mis slonary Sooiety had)bocn particularly fortunate In having two pentlomen like Mr. Lawes and Mr. OhBlmers. Thoy woro oortninly the Bismarck and Moltke of the sooioty. (Ap plause.) Mr. LawoB wns a man of strong intellectual character, and Mr. Chalmers was a mnn i t great courage, strong in mind and body. Bnt tbo work whisk had boon done at Port Mcresbv was not ounfinod to their own noonls No one who went to Port Morosby should miss making the aquslntanoe of the veteran Sonth Sea teaoher, Buutoka Ho bad been at work there for 16 years, end his name deserved to ho written in the annate of Now Guinea, and should never be be effaced. (Applauso.) Mrs. Chalmers was also doing excellent work thero at Motnmcln. (Applanse.) Tbe most eastern station waa at Buau, whioh was tho creation ot Mr. Chalmers. The wholo of tbe great sontbom eoast line had been fabon np by the Lon don Missionary Sooiety, ox, -.opting a small por tion of abont 6 or 6 miles, wbioh had been taken up by tbe Baored Heart Sooioty. Thore was a large population at that plaoo, extend ing inland to the first rango of mountains. That mission was oenduoted by Bishop Yor jus, a plnoky young man, and of great ability. He (Sir William) looked to thorn to acoomplish a gocd work in that part of the oonntry, but they had np to the present been very muoh hampered for want of means, and perhaps also hy tbe rules of the order. ;lhon tho Anglican Ohuroh bad undertaken mission work too. They had taken up 200 or 800 miles in the north-eastern por tion of the possession. Tho Bov. A. A. M'Laren arrived there a short timo ago, and was now ooonpied in building his houso. It was intended at one time tbat thoy should start at Gariruru, not very far from the southern end of the island, but he learned they had sub sequently deoided to start at Bosnia, and h approved of the obange. They had a very wild lot of pec-ple to deal wiib, and ho was afraid it would take them a very considerable time to get hold of them. Then they oamo to the We-loynn mission, wbioh had taken np praotically all tbe islands of tho oast end of New Guineu. That -inoludsd tbe Lonipiade Group, D'Entreoaetreaux Group, Trobriands, and the Woodlark Islands, with a number of emallerielands. Tha population of Boms of the places waB extremely largo, so thlok in some oaees that it was a myatory to understand how they all got food. Ho did not think there was any oonntry place so thickly pcpnlateden the earth as that of Bobu. He was afraid he oould not speak very highly of the natives there. Mr. Webb had spoken of tbo bravery of tho natlvo teaohers, and said he thought it approaobed the British soldior at Waterloo. Aooordingto bis (Sir William's) way of thinking, however, tbo ooursge they required for the work beforo thorn in Now Guinea, wae infinitely greater than was required at the battlo of Waterloo or any other battle. It was not a rush and a dash with pionty of glory to follow, hut steady plodding dauger- ona, unknown work for year after vear. Tho people in Now Gninea were entirely differ ent from those in Fiji, Samoa, and other plaoes there. In British New Guinoa everyone waa accustomed to do just what ho thought was right, and, generally speaking, that was very far from right fa the bjcb ot everyone but himself. There was no suoh thing as moral restraint. The only restraint, in faot, waa the fear of eaoh other's bow and arrow or spear. Perhaps he oould not hotter desoribe the people then by saying eaoh man was a divisional board. Eaoh man was a leader of sooiety, but his followers woro limited to bis wife or wives and the babies so long as tbey wero at tho breast. He knewtheBov. Bromilow, who was fa oharge of the WeBleyan Mission, and ho believed him to bo a man eqnal to the taek before him— (applanee)— and unless he (Sir William) was a poor judge of mankind he had a fellow- worker almost his equal fa Mrs. Bromilow. (Land ap plause. ) Dobn had beon solootcd as tho head station, and buildings were now being put up thero. At tho outset the natives would aome round and would bo vory friendly. Tboir object would bo to get ont of them all thoy pos- siblyoculd. Throe yosrsagothoy wonld probably have threatened tbo station, but ho did not think tbey would do tbat now. Ho had rooom- mei did Mr. Bromolow to make tho next station at Psnnaot, on tho woatorn end of tho Lonislado Group, whoro thero wbb a largo population, and it was favourably situated in re- gord to wind and tido. Thoro was ono thing thqt ho was always Impressing upon missionaries, and that was to aoqulro as muoh land as thoy losi-ibly oould so as to bo preparod for tho utuio. His improssion wsb that, If they did that, and cultivated au muoh as thoy oould, they would bo ablo to mako tbo mlssioua Bolf- supporting. Whoro the Wesloyan mission stations would bo thoy oould grow ooooanuts fa ubundanoo, and ho thought thoy nhould do so. Tho Government woo quite propared to asBlBt them fa that matter, as what was wanted wits en oxport trado. In the Trobriand gronp thoro seemed to bo a different olass of, poopla alto gether from thoso in the other islands. ' Thoy seemed to bo a sort ot blend botwoon tlio Papuan end tho Polynesian.. In the Trobriand group thero wore ohtofs, who eoomad to bo respootablo, dignified sort of man. Amongst this raoo they would probably find that ro- ligioue enthusiasm whloh was so vory muoh wanting among the Papuans gonorally, end the absenco of that enthusiasm was ono of tho great difficulties the missionaries had:to contend with, bnt as tbe work was dtflloult the greater would bo tbo viotory, for that viotory would come ho bad no aoubt. (Applause.) Turning over somo of bis papers that evoning ho found an oxtraot of a despatch written some few months ago showing that tho Wesloyana wero not tbo first to go to their field, buttholr predecessors bad failod. However, just as that mission had boon a failure, the Wosleyjin mission would be u signal ouoooss. (Applause.) Thoy would probably buvo mucin to disappoint thorn at first. In his own work ho often found' that whoro ho thought thoy had mado some pro gress, something happened hud tboy tem porarily went baok again. It would bo exaotiy tho sumo with tho missions. It was their duty, however, to snnnort those missions with their sympathy ana their mcnoy. He bnow porfootly well whnt ho was about when be asked tho Wcalqyons to take up work there. Ho knew whnt won -tho task whloh had been set tbtm, bnt he know also that they wpro f quel to it, and he had every faith and oonfl- denoe that they wonld be as successful fa New Gelnoa - as' toby had been fa Fiji, (Loud . applanse.) I Tbe two FHIana then gave short addressee, Mr. Webb noting as Interpreter. Both spoko aswiti xiw ii„„ ... gngsggggneg; of (he pleasure It gave them at being in so fin a bonding; mid eoetag so many pebyla together. While. the eoileotlon was bring token np the ohelr sang the 'enthemV " How; Manifold am Thy Worko," end later on half a dozen kanakas sens tho well known tnno, " I Feel like Singing oil tho Timo," doing verv- well Indood. On the motion ot Mr. J. F. Honourr, a formor missionary to Fiji, sooondod by Mr. R, Eewjouh, a vote of thanks was aoaordoi Bir William MaoQrogor 'or his address. Votes of thanhB woro also given to tha chairman, tho ahnir, the Fijians, and tbe kanakas. Tho ptro- ocedinuswere oonolnded by tho singing of tbo doxology. 