How a Good Ship was Lost. On tho night of October 27tb, 1812, the eond ship ' Mary Compton,' of Bristol, England, was struggling witli a fearful gale off tiro coast of No-tli America, The wind blew fiiriotHy, but the weather was clear, aud tho Captain expected overy inomont to got sight of the liglr in tho liglithnnso on the Iron Rock Shoals. Tnis lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Oueo there, and they wero suFo. Sure of his position, lie sailed on confidently. Five minutes later tho ship struck with a. fearful shnnk and went to pieces. Four men, including tiie Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. Ail enemy of tho light house keeper had hound hiin hand uud foot and extinguished the light Souls, ns well us ships, steer by the lights. Hnpa is '.he most important lighthouse iu the world. What shall ho said of the man who darkens it in thu face of a storm-tossed spirit ? ?' You aro beyond Unman aid.' These words wore said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that lie thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might bo wrong — and in any caso he had no business to put out the light. This Woman had been ill for some timo. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, nnd she was so giddy she could scarcoly stand. Her bend whirled ' and,' she said, ' all objects sooined to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out 111 a sweat slthough cold as (loath. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that sho could not lie down in hod aud sleep. ' I could scarcely crawl about the house,' sho says, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to tiie Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to toll mo the worst. Ilis answer was, ' T. have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it,' I took it for three weeks, then gave it up in despair. ' I talked with three other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past Unman aid .' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, nnd my doatii would leave them without a mother's love mid care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had 110 ap petite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, nnd what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to yomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. ' At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where 1 live), lmd been cared by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So L sent to Mr. Jcsson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few dose3 stopped the vomiting, nnd by degrees from (lay to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I hail finished the second bottle I had got over all my had symptoms, nnd was fast getting my strength hack. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in iny life. ' I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was oat of work and we had only a tritle coming in f.-ora his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends aud neighbours know tbo facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry. (Signed), airs. Ami Mills, 4U, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds, This was 11 caso of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected tho nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, aud Mrs. Mills would have had 110 tale to tell. Sho did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigei's Curative Syrup had dune for lier friend Mrs. Wilson. 120s 