. AMUSEMENTS. "JO" AT THE GARRICK. Alias Jennie Lee's impersonation of Jo, tlio waif of Dickens' " Bleak House," is one of tho few dramatic efforts tliat olevato themselves into lasting celebrity as master pieces and become landmarks in tho history of the stago. The novel itself, liko others by its author — liko most books, indeed — is not easily or satisfactorily mado into dramatic form. No play can reproduce tho descrip tive power of Dickens or do proper justice to tiie endless variety and skill of his charac terisation, and the orthodox method of the drama is absolutely ruinous to most of what is greatest in the book. This dramatisation of a few scenes from " Bleak House," how ever, gives a fairly good idea of somo of the characters aud excellent ones of others. Jo himself, for instance, is as nearly a reproduc tion of the original as Dickens' language and sentiment and Miss Lee's art can make it, and the nice points of the .Snagsbcian idoutity are nicely emphasised. In the representation of "Jo" at tlio Garnck Theatre 011 Saturday j night Air. Holiuun, who played Suagsby, showed a line appreciation of tho character, andhisimpei'sonatioiiof itwasonefeaturothat lent additional charm to tho performance as a whole. Aliss Leo, of course, overshadowed v everyone else. The character oF the crossing- sweeper always being " chivvied" by Inspec tor Bucket (employed, as lie says, by society for that express purpose) always " moving 011 " until tho cart is all shaken to pieces and tlio light comes down to T0111 All Alone's for him, was depicted with art which timo has not in tlio least impaired. All tho lights and shades of a great picture— tho half-sullen, fearful attitude toward authority, gratitude to Snagsby and the dead man wlm " was very good to me," and tiie keen perception of Lady Dedloek's superior station — wero shown with rare fidelity. It would be difficult to speak too warmly in praise of this performance. In conception and in technical execution it is artistic. In the scene with Guster on iSuagsby's doorstep, for instance, the actress high idea of the character is tested and approved, and consistency is maintained in the boy's brusquoncss to the girl who had also been good to him. The last scene, whore Jo dies with tiie Lold's Flayer 011 his lips, ended a portraiture altogether too real and sombre to bo pleasant. As a representation of character it must he placed high in the annals of dramatic art ; as a stago picture it is saddenbig, however true to nature. Of the other members of the east, Aliss Ada Lee's Horteuse was a lively and to Bome ex tent powerful sketch, and tho contemptuous "Ah, you Buek-et" was admirably given. Aliss Adelaide Cuslunnn mado a great deal of uproarious fun ns Glister, and in so doing spoilt many of the best lines of Cliodbaud, who was represented on traditional prin ciples by Mr. Frank Hawthorne. Airs. Kounsowell, who only appears in tho first act, was well played by Miss Afelvillo, who told the story of the ghost's walk with a great deal of feeling ; and Alias Constance Deorwyn was a handsome and digni fied Lady Dedlock. Tho young man by tbo name of Guppy, Air. Shine, made a very funny love-sick swain and no more ; and Air. Chalmers as Air. Tulkuighorn, Air. G. F. Carey as Bucket, and Air. R. Stowart ns Sir Leicester Dodlock each acted woll. The other parts in a long east wero fairly played, and as a whole the performance was a very meritorious one. Aliss Lee was ac corded the hearty applause her work well deserved and tho usual calls woro mado imperatively. "Jo" will be repeated during the week. 