PRINCE ALFRED HOSPITAL. Tite letter which .appears in another column anent the appointment of sur geons to Prince Alfred Hospital com ments upon tho question whioh has been raised by the directors of tliis institution as to tlio nationality or tlio professional men retained. It is a most deplorable tiling tiiat such a sub ject should ever have arisen ; but it is still more to be regretted that the chairman at tho recent meeting chose to suggestit in a mannorwliich is calcu lated to cast abroad the seeds of discord. If elderly gentlemen choose to preside on these occasions it might at least be expected that tho tendency of their re marks would be more in the direction of that haven of peace which they ex- ; pect shortly to cnt9r ; and it is but a i poor gratification,, after all, for the : chairman at the Prince Alfred Hospital meeting to say that the establishment of that grand institution was consequent on the crime of an. alien lunatic. Ho must have known perfectly well that his ill- timed allusion, was made in the very worst taste, was certain to stir up ill-feeling. And ho ought to havo known, especially considering the posi tion lie holds, that anything calculated to revive old national dislikes should be expressly avoided in remarks addressed to Australians. While (vo are endeavoring every day to efface all other nationalities from our midst, and to establish a fellow-feeling, it is un fair to attempt to disturb the current ' of events by tlio introduction of a bit of petty Imperialism. It would bo well if we were able to stop at this point ; but, unfortunately, :the chairman's address was but a rellox of the spirit which appears to dictate the management of Prince Alfred Hospital. The truth may as well come out, as. it is stated in our correspondent's letter. "No Irish need apply " is the motto wliibh niight be placed over the scientific entrance to tho establishment. It may be' neces sary, in order to obviate, misrepresen tation, that we do hot refer to any bxclusivoness in regard to tiie patients received. But wo have to deal with the facts that with respect to the inedical stafF, tho principle is in full force, and that the practice is diametri cally opposed to that adopted in other hospitals. And when thai public ask- why this, singular exception is made it is only possible to refor them back to the statement of the chairman, which, without ahy beating: about, the bush, means that because Prince, Alfred Hospital was established in conse quence of 'the attempt of the insane O'Farrell to shoot v the, Duke of Edinburgh at -Clontarf, - no Irish nhvsicians. or sui'feoiis shall - lie allosved about, the 1 commemorative premises. ' 1 ; ' ;'A worse mixture of ) professional joalousy ,and' the-.- Kiama'.?-- ghost can scarcely be imagined; . If any! good reason, apart from nationalism, could be shown- why Irish medical men should not he placed on the stall' of the institution. the action- of" the man agement. would bo fit least intelligible. Possibly it may be considered that' tliey are mot so -skilful or so highly trained as those of other countries. That" may be a matter of opinion. But who are to be tlie juclges ? Tak-, ing the figures given . |iy bui- correspon dent — we omit those relating to St. Vincent's Hospital for obvious rea sons — we find ' that at :the Sydney Hospital there are, 11 Scotchmen, 4- Englishmen, and S Irishmen, as against 9, S and 0 respectively at the Prince Alfred. Sydney at . least divides tho numbers .fairly, and, considers her Irish medical' mien equal to itlie Eng lish of the other institution. So that nothing can be Ibarned' so, far. We may grant much to the admitted abili ties of Edinburgh'; surgeons, :but still' /the absolute refusal : of ! Irish medicos at Prince Alfred Hospital 're mains unaccbunted for, .'except upon the very .degrading hypothesis to which the chairman ha'givetf currency. ; , Now, whatever may have been the origin. of this/establishment it . is adr mittedly. dependent . for its' support upon public aid and subscriptions. No distinction -of creed or. nationality should for one moment" be allowed -to interfere with its operations or user fulness. If these elements exist— and the authorities ' tliems'elve'b are alone, responsible t for tho .impression that they 'do exist— Prince Alfred' Hdspital will.. lose its hold upon the practical sympathy, pecuniarily expressed, of 1 the peoplo at large. It stands now in the position of being suspected iis managed by a certain clique who have ; the entire control of its arrangements, 'professionally.-',- and otherwise, but especially; professionally. . Color. jias"; been- given to tliis suspicion by the cnairmans statements to winch - we liave referred,, and it now, -rests with tiie authorities to remove, an impres sion which maybe altogether /incorrect before : it obtains aV-iinneriiqld. Wo ! should ,, be ' glad to " see that its - sphere of jusefulnoss 'was . (still 'further enlarged, and that, French and Gorman Surgeohs-admittbdly the iri ost brilliant of -the day— wore enrolled in its ranks. W!e should like to see it the finest medical school- in Australia. But the proper way to attain that end is nob - to shut' the. door- against all practitioners on account of creed or nntibna-litiy. Surely in the cause of science and humanity all holp, whence- soever ibmny como, should be welcome. Narrowness of mind in niaiiageuient may close one end of usefulness, but— and this is a matter which to tho hos pital authorities is material— it', may also close tiie other end of; the purse. This is their affair, and we prefer putting it this way to following the course which, has; unfortunately been initiated by the directorate of Prince Alfred Hospital. 