CHAPIEB XXSIX- MR, HACKBIT'S OHBISTMAS DAY, It waB between 5 and 6 o'oloak when Me Saltring and Mr, Kimpler arrived at Haokbit'a house; it was dark, There was no light in any o! the downBtair rooma facing the street; bnt one of the two uppsr rooms had a light, which Bhone through dark-red curtains. On enfceiing they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Kimpler altogether, and looked at, addreBBed, and answered Mr, Saltring only. The doctor had seen Mr. Hnckbit and had i ordered sucb large doeea of laudanum, and bo olten, that Mrs, Haokbit dared not give them, She was upstairs with Mr, Haokbit, whiah Wilson did not think proper or safe, as Mr, Haokbit was mad, in her opinion, and wanted a Btrait jacket, Mr, Saltring went upstairs, and Mr. Kimpler remained where he was for the time, and after wards went to his own bedroom and sat there, Ab Mr, Saltring opened the door of the bedroom he saw Keziah, terrified and weep | ing, and Mr. Haokbit in a very menacing [ attitude, He seemed to recognise Mr, Salt i ring as he entered, and addreBBed him at onoe. | .* I'm glad you've oome," he said, with haavy ! and ill aimed movements, trying to wipe the : perspiration from bis brow and face, which was j deeply red. "You will see me righted. They 're in a plot againBt me, She's in it," ! pointing with a trembling hand towards , Keziah, " The devil's in it too, And I saw l him laBt night looking at the window, They're all in the plot." " We'll see it all put right," Mr, Saltrin? re ; plied, soothingly, Then turning to Keziah, ha Baid, " Wilson sayB you've not given the medi cine the dootor ordered." "It's laudanum," whispered Keziah, with dilated eves, " and so much and ao often, I'm afraid," "You muBt not be afraid." said Mr, Salt ring, "Let me give it." Haokbit began to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly, Mr. Saltring steadily dropped the laudanum into a glass, " Come, Haokbit," he Baid, "drink this," Haokbit made a step forward and attempted to grasp the glass, but missed his aim, and his hand oloBed on air, He was standing olose to Mr, Saltring now, His eyes were injected terribly, ahd looked as if he oonld not have slept for many nights, Mr, Saltring raised the glass to his lips. Haokbit attempted to hold it, too, bnt trembled so violently thatrhis teeth ohattered against the glass, He swal lowed the doae, however. "I shall be ruined," Baid he, as soon as he had Bwallowed it. ".There all in the plot, Saltring, There's that Kimpler-he ferrets everything out, He got to know all about Uncle Rimmon and the business in Brum." Here he broke off, and began to Btrike the air violently, " Take that," he said. " and that,'? The perspiration was pouring off him now, Mr. Saltring pinioned him, fearing what he would do next. "Lookhere," he Baid, "Saltring, I'm not going to be out with them knives, I know whatjpon are holding me for." "You're not going to be out with any knives," replied Mr. Saltring, M Well," returned Mr. Haokbit confi dentially, " I've killed that fellow three times to-day, and there he iB again," and he Bhook himself free of Mr. Saltring, and plunged towards the mirror, in which was hia own re« flection, and sent it Bmashing into the window, Mr. Saltring seized him, bnt he was not sufE cent, Haokbit Btrnggled and raved, . Keziah flew from the room and called Mr, Rimpler. Wilson was on the staircase, " Feioh the dootor," Keziah said to her}" tha matter's worse," She did not go baok to the room, Onoe free, she dared not return, She just went down stairs and sat in the dark dining-room, in a kind of apathy, She was startled from her reverie by the dootor's voice. He was asking where she was, She went to him, " Have you given the landanum, Mrs, Haok bit, 20 drops every two hours, Binoe I was here ?" he asked her, "Oh, dootor, I didn't dare," said poor Kc ziah, The dootor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' man; so he beoame angry, " Do you want him to die," he asked with an aspect of ferocity, " that you don't obey my oiderB 2 He would have been asleep now if you bad done what I told you." And with this the dootor walked upstairs, Keziah following, Mr, Haokbit had in the meantime been fastened to biB-bed, and had become more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual, " Just one drink of brandy, Kimpler, come." Haokbit was bawling in his ear, " It would ncuke a man of me again. Look here," he called out to the dootor, " these madmen make me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They o&n;'t eee tho£o ghosts, bat I oan, Oh, how their bones rattle! Juat one little drink of brand?, feed I'll aland it." And he babbled on fd var iably, " Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," he called out, " I am only the repre sentative. You didn't borrow the money o! me. Look in my pookets, I'm as poor aa you, J)on't bother me about where you're going to aleep to-night. Sse, J am in a oold graveyard. I've nothing better." Mr, Saltring looked at the dootor, who was dropDing some more laudanum into the gl»3B, '? He'e in a bad way," he said. " He must get Bleep." said the doctor, " at «11 cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to reaent this loneuBge. But looking in the dootor's faoe, he conoluded that bis bark was worse than his bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did not appear satisfied. His hands were looted, and he mo red them incessantly in a nervous way against one another, or upon the quilt. "Are you Btayiner here to-night?" the doctor aBked of Mr. Saltring, " Ye»," he replied. "Then give him the twenty drops ag»n, every two hours until be sleeps. Mrs, Haokbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill, Give her two glasses of port wine." "Thank you, dootor," said Haokbit. " That's something like. I aball be another man now." Overhearing the words he BuppoBed the wine was ordered for himBelf, Eeziah had slipped from the room, but she was standing outside. " I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port," said the brusque doctor. "jNo, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. " Not that, not that terrible stuff, after-after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like him upBtairs J a good dose and end it all," And she burst into a passion of weeping, [To be continued I 