OONVIOT DAYS VAN DI EUAN'S LANP. j TRUE CHRONICLES. j [all eights beseeved.] . ? »~M ? No. 5. ? m m ' A STBAXGE SXOBT. 1+ fi-st incident described III these The Wreck of the Panther,' it , CS' motioned that when Chief-officer i^aiaasse went into ths hold^ ol the last ? Sshio to rescue any probable survivors. j tl0«as about returning on deck when he saw j \ i thruet oat of tha dark waterv and j a hanf rhueelIound 4hat ^ was that, of a] ' 6elnT/ff0niant who, with th6jctherhand||iad, ; Sholdo£A young matt ; ^'S n3 niaGgd in the; boat, land ~£ttei£^eafr. ?^aUy animation w&s; itot-fre&4n ' ^Tne ^Ilm'wag'a convic* but who the „n n-RB no one could tell. She was not W *' '?-« ' -'« P» 6 er and the only conclusion that could ^arrived at was that she was a stowaway, S t bo* she Sot on board and concealed her o long was a mystery. The sudden sinking of the ship revealed a of the straugest stories of woman's de oas. :t jg possible to conoeive, and it is we given jaat as it happened, except, for obvious reason*, the real nameB are with In the County of Galway, Ireland, there . , in the beginning of the present century, a'tftled famttv named O'Gormon. Certainly the title was not recognised by English law, for Baron O'Gormon prided himself that it had been in the family before the English set foot in Ireland, and that his ancestry dated b3ck to kings, and long anterior to the rankest families on the oth=r side of the channel. Ia short, the O'Gormon, of the vear 1300, was infinitely more proud and poor than his ancestor of a century or two previously. , , , , , . In 1S10 he had a daughter born to him, whom he christened Nora, and this girl, though she had the courage and determina tion of her father, hai a good deal of her mother's miid and lovable nature. She was brought up, as baseemed the heiress of the grand old line of the O'Gormons, for, as the vsar= rolled on and no further children were 'born, it seemed probable that such would be her destiny. He father never failed to im press on her the pride of ancestry, but, as re sales showed, love had a stronger influence over Nora than a genealogical tree as high as tha giant gum cf Mount Baw Baw. At eighteen years of age sue naa Euitors f.ir ber hand, but she cared for none of them, liar father had selecie'i as her future bus band a young squire named O'Donneli, but his advances were very coldly received. In 1S29, when Mis3 Nora was in her nine teenth year, a young fellow named Paul Midden, the son of a produce merchant in Dublin, came to the district as assistant to a surveyor, who was teaching him that pro fession. There was nothing particularly striking about him. He had a frank face and blue eyes, was above the medium height, and fairly well educated. He certainly was not handsome, bat when Nora (who was the belle of the ooanty) saw him, she met her fate. ' . : : As young jwoplfi %Uli/4hejr^Idiima|i)^w^| tunities ot met^ing^^^boii||t-wjM^^J t. .pered himself, and tbe if. with Bter, or pork batcher, «r whateiyec .be was ? should marrythe last oltheO'Gormoha was — was — well, it was something so outrageous that Nora's father could not find an ap propriate expression lor it. He threatened his daughter with all kinds of terrible menaces if ehe did not at once banish from her mind all thoughts of the low churl. Bat Nora had a heart as weli as a head, and do what 6he could — for she wanted to obey her father, if possible — she could not efface Paul IFadden's image from her heart. Mrs. O'Gormon wisely told her daughter to please herself, bus the parish priest was called in to counteract the mother's lukewarmneES on the important subject. It must be admitted that he did not baok up the O'Gormon with much zeal, but he pointed out that obedience to parents was the first duty of a ohild. '? Then, can't I obey my mother, your reverence ?' naively asked the young girl. 'Ahem!' coughed Father Docaghy at this. ' I hops, my child, you will be able to obay both of them. There wa? very little hope ol that, and so matters went on for six months without her seeing Madden. At the end of that time she lost her b;st friend on earth — for her mother pa«sed away in her forty -sixth year. Madden was still in the neighborhood, BDil, as fate would have it, Bhe met him ac cidentally ; all the old love returned, and she promised to marry him when of age. The successful suitor had many enemies, and one nf these conveyed the news of the meeting to O'Gormon, but he was too late, for Nora had told him all herself, andthesceue that ensued m&y; be better imagined than described. Squire 0 DonneU and himself decided that the marriage mnst be stopped, and the male volent young man laid a wicked plot to get rid of his rival. At that time there was a secret society in Ireland called the Hibbonmen. It p&rtook; something of tbe character of the Fenian organisation of latter days. According to British law membership of the Eibboners' Society was a capital offenoe, and many of them were executed. O'Donnell was a prominent member, and he determined to weave a web round Madden and denounce him to the authorities. It is not our purpose to enter into the datails ot the plct here, sufficient to say that by means ol paid emissaries sufficient evidcnca was \- collected to induce the young squire to de .? nonDce his rival as a Bibbonman. Ha did*o, ] \- find Madden wssarreBt^,!^ ?.y On at the Madden had th6 beet of counsel hs was found Builty. A doubt lingered in the judge's mind, and the yonng man got thB benefit of it in the sentence, which was seven years* i transportation to Van Dieman'a L*nd. Next ' day he was taken away to Cork, where the Panther was to call for him and many other convicts. The trial and its results nearly broke Nora O'Gormon's heart, for she knew that Madden was innocent. Two days after the trial her father was handed a letter, signed 'Nora, 'in which the writer stated pathetically that Madden had taken her heart away to Van Dieman'a Land, and she was going there to find it. Aa the choleric old man read the note and comprehended its significance his faoe grew purple, he staggered a few steps, and then fell heavily on the floor. An attendant ran in, but it was too late. The last of the O'G or- mous was dead. A stroke of apoplexy bad smitten him, and Nora was heiress of his hneage and property. If he had lived another day it is quite certain he would have altered his will. Meanwhile,, Nora, with her alender stock of money, was speeding towards Cork as fast as she could in those days of stage coaches, isbe had no fixed idea in her mind, only that 8*j® 'anted to see her lover once again. As she Journeyed along, however, the idea en * fu bead that it might be possible to go t?. ,. Pen*l settlement in the convict ship. . _50 httle knew the horror of such a voyage, be dreary voyage 1 3 Cork at last came to an Ma, and then she learned that the prisoners ^ afc Spike Island, in tbeharbor, Q that tbe Panther had not yet arrived. « nnl P0®^ere d over her course of action nnui her brain was ia a whirl, an she made without ea.i abaut caaVict fillips,, * , and arrangements ou b&ard;,. \- V perlaicirg t0 fieni. This ^ /acilitot^8 jjE*° «o piod sirad, and *£hl s garrulous a dellghtin Mling the handsome young Jady all about ihe Yeesel. He described it from eterm to stern, and Nora drank in every word until she had a .mental plan -of thy ship. Sne kDewwheretheoohvIoWwereplaced, and most important of aH, 'Where tlie ?provisions were kept. ^ 8be made up her mind that if ehe ooold cot get food & few days alter the ehip called, she would show herself, and ask the captain to bring her on, which ie most likely wonld do, as it wonld lie veiy awkwaid to land her. /,.-r .. , ? She bought a hnge carpet hag, and filled this with clothing, cordials And food until she could eoaTcely carry it. 'The Panther arrived in a few days, and all was excite ment. It was understood that Bhe would remain three days, and :? then resume her foyage ^ The^ven^^ oti,he^TOond djajj| th6 young ^ Ireland jand;Soo£ialid.- f ? .. ? At length !a well-manned boat of blue jaukets put oS from the 8hip,'and Nora saw it waB bringing the oaptain and one of the officers on shore. Her time had now come. With palpitating heart she hailed a skiff that ; was plying for hive, and asked to be taken to the Panther. This was soon done, and the girl's heart almost failed her && she was as sisted on board with her heavy parcel. As she stepped on board, an officer came to her and politely aek£d what he could do. ' I wish to see the captain, if you please,' she answered, with a smile, (women are champion deceivers, if they please.) ' He has just gone ashore, I atu sorrv to say.' ' I am a friend of his, and have brought him some things,' eho went on, pointing to the bag. He will not be long, I am sure, as he expeciad mo. Could I not wait in his cabin uutil his return.' The speaker was handsome, well-dressed, a lady without doubt, and & friend of the captain. 'Of course, you oan. I will conduct you there,' was the ready answer. Left alone in t'ue cabin, Ehe at once started operations. Guided by the knowledge she possessed Bhe made her way to the stern end of the ship, and, descending a companion way, founi herself near the etore-room : the door was open and an immense quantity of provisions and casks were in the place. It was an unusual place to stowaway, but as it turned out she selected the best possible quarter of the ship. She had no difficulty in finding a secure hiding place, and by means cf canvas she made it fairly comfortable, although she was not thinking much of that. The upper part of the ship appeared to be de serted, as most of the men had gone on shore. The excitement and fatigue of what she had recsntly undergone overcame her, and, sinking i-uo a deep sleep, ehe did not awake until the dim light told her it was morning. Her heart beat with joy, for she knew by ths motion of the vessel that it was under weigh. Days went by like this, and then she began to feel the etrain of the close confine ment. Getting .bo :der as time went on , ehe took.all tha erereiss she could within her -narrow limits. ? ^ ? :;,v \ She lost couu| o! thedaysf but ^he^tought it «he owned it/^' know if lis -were really sick. ^ More weeke passed, and thert/ehe took a desperate resolve. ' ^Several suits of sailor's clothes were in the etore-room, and one of these ehe donned.- Certainly, she did not look much like a sailor, hut, if not scrutinised too closely, she would pass muster. For several nights she was baulked of her pur pose by the door being locked, but at length it was Ifcfc open, and she passed out. She went along until she came to the companion way, and then boldly descended to the lower deck. j Faint lights were burning at one end, and she went timidly towards them. I It was, as she had suspected, the hos pital. She peeped in. j Two or three convict attendants were the only moving occupants. The crew and officers did not care to visit this plague ! spot. The rough attendants scarcely looked at her as she walked along the row of stretchers seek ing the face she wished, yet dreaded, to see. It was not there, and with a joyful heart she returned to her hiding-place. Time flew on, and something impelled her to again visit the hospital. This time she found her lover in the crowded lazar house, raving in delirium and calling fcr Nora, and Bhe was standing by his side. She never forgot the anguish of that time. Night after night she visited him, bringing him little drinks from the cordials she had in her bag. No one noticed her ; they seemed dazed. She was in her hiding-place attired in her proper oostume, for she had heard it said the night previously that land would be reached soon, when she felt the vessel quiver and next moment she was thrown on her face. Rising instantly, Ehe rushed out of the store room for the hospital, and as ehe went along she knew by the indescribable confusion that something serious had happened. The canvictB were rushing madly about as Bbe entered the hospital. ' The vessel is sink ing, ' eho heard cn every band. Standing at ths bedside of Paul Madden, she prayed that he might yet be spared her, and there she stood until the water came rushing in. At last, endowed with a strength, not her own, she lifted the wasted form iu her armB and carried him out. The rising waters soon overtook them, but she still held to the man she loved, and how they were saved has al ready heen;told. - * : O'Gorman was taken charge cf by the kind-hearted wife of the captain, who commanded the vessel which saved them . It was a hard battle with death that both of them fought. The terrible strain which followed the committal of her sweetheart in Ireland was intensified by the extraordinary voyage whioh the girl had made as a stow away and its disastrous ending. She was within an aca of being drowned when she was rescued, and that, added to the other hardships, brought on a violent fever. The fine climate of Hobart Town, however, as sisted her, and after weeks, hovering be tween life and death, she gained the viotory and gradually regained her health. Paul Madden was quite as near death. The immersion he had received after his long attack of fever brought on a relapse, and the treatment of the gaol hospital was | not of a character to assist him tack to j health. The bedding, medioine and attendance were of the vilest, and it was little short of a miracle that he rallied. The thought ibat tbe girl he loved so dearly was near him seemed to give him bo perhuman strength to ^combat ? the disease, ; however. | When Nora G 'Gorman was able to get about, her first thoughts were ol Madden. The captain made enquiries for her, and found that he was aliva and working at the coal minep, and a week after the girl went to see him, and nearly fainted when she beheld the wreck he was. Through the captain s aid she managed to get an interview with the governor, and told him the whole history. When Governor Arthur heard her atory he obtained a free pardon for Madden, who re | covered. The couple were married at Hobart To wo, and their descendants still hold the ancefehiral horns In galway, ^ Next week 'The Ghost of Deaflman's lele ' will appear, and will continue the series #f Convict -Chronicles. ThiS iloyety *i?la was.^afid i^ 