OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER [From our Special Correspondent] London, January 23. 1891. The attitude of the Stock Exchange teems the reverse of favorable to your contemplated new loan. If the financial papers can be relied upon. The terms, they all r^y, most be liberal and not niggardly, if the money la to be forthcoming. Three Vndahalf percent, certainly soundsnogreat catch. You most remember some of the old Australian loans did not go off satis f actorily, bat stOl remain largely In first hands. "Brokers and go-betweens not unnaturally resent," says one of the papers, " being called upon to take far ther stock until the bulk of the previous lum baa been absorbed," Mr. O'Halloran b being plagued to death with applications for cards of ad mteilon to the Colonial Institute meottag on Monday night. Society (with a big S) has been smitten with the desire to hear "dear Lord Oarrlngton" leotare, espe cially as H.R.H. of Wales presides. It will, however, be disappointed. The Prince's Hall, which was the largest suit able and available baildlng, does not seem likely to be able to contain all the Fellows and Fellows' wives anxtoos to be present, let alone OBtddetm. A. few of the lecturer's personal friends have received Invitations, bat there the line Is strictly drawn. Toe press master promises to be particularly large, some score or more of correspon dents and reporters having intimated their Intention of patting in an appearance. Dr. A. W. Meyer, of Adelaide, who cane tome by the Oratava, is the latest edition to the Australian clique of medicos now sitting at Dr. Koch's feet at Berlin. The Daily Chronicle warmly approves the appointment of Chief Justice Way as LUatonant-Governor of South Australia, After explaining the exceptional character cf the honor, and detailing the particulars of Mr. 'Way's career, the writer says : — 1' Since his elevation to the bench, besidee proving himself an excellent jadge, Mr. Way has figured prominently in every soda!, educational, and philanthropic movement designed to advance the progress, not only of his own colony, but of the entire Australian group. Whilst accepting various high posta at the hands of his fellow-colonists, notably that of Chancellor of the University of Adelaide, he has shown a remarkable disregard of ostentation, having on three sepa rate occasions declined the honor of knighthood at the hands of the Imperial Government. Probably lb Is to his sturdy refusal of merely titular distinction* that the present method of recognising his long and unsullied services has been resorted to. Nothing could be more fitting than his appointment to the Lieutenant-Governor ship, Mr. Way, who is expected in England in a week or two, having on ten oceaalccs, at any rate, daring vacancies In the appointment or daring the temporary absence of governors of Booth Australia, administered the government of the colony. He will thus be no novice In the office of permanent viceregal 'under study,' as it may be styled, to which his appointment has just been notified." A large number of well-known Aus tralians left by the?allaarat yesterday, and the crush on board of friends to bid these notables God speed was something to re member. The Adelaide contingent In cl?des 81r Thomas Blder and Mr. and Mrs. Ban Smith, Mr. A. G. Downer, Mr. A, Campbell, Mr BJvu and daughters, and Mrs. Foster, whilst Mr. Wrlxon and and Mrs. J. W. Benson an amongst the Sydney paaMngera. The "Wine and Spirit Trades Com bined Circular," In the course of some comments attached to Mr. H. M. Gooch'« report on the wine exhibits at a recent Adelaide agricultural and hortlcultura' show, observes :-- " The efforts the Aus tralians are making to Improve their wines and enlarge their oonsutnptloQ abroad we worthy of e\l praise, and de serve to be attended with the large m>-asnre of success which will so doubt crown their tffurts In due time. Their difficulties are considerable. In the firat pl«ce the Australian hat yet to aoqolre a taste (or wine ai a common meal-time beverage, and before this happens the Ant tralian most change hia nature. Labor la mneh dearer in the ooloniM than in Korope, and a pruteethe system of dotlMenhaneei the coat of everything osed by growers. Then again experience has to be acquired. Australia haa yet to ascertain the type of wines that b best stilted to Ita eltmateand solL At present Australians aim at pro ducing every kind of wine ever grown anywhere. Then again Australians hare to learn that bounties will do themno good, and If wine growing cannot be made to pay without that kind of public rapport It will never assnme the proportions of a great Industry. Finally, ft might be sug gested that a little modesty in the esti mate of their achievements np to date would be desirable —or might be deelr able. It la perhaps open to question whether the good opinion of ourselves, for which some folks have been known to pray, can under any cboumstanoes exist In an exouuTe quantity. At all evente the AnafaaJlaaa oannot reasonably wbh for an* more than they pna«M." I aaw Mr. Fltegetald, the AxuteaUan ?bor dekgkte, on fcli ntnm from Qer many on Wednetday last, and I think he «n not at all aorty to be back again. Thft trip «ai Intended to be • big •nocew, bat for reaeoni whloh Mr. Fltegerald ha* bo* yet dbeovered, then expeetatloos wen not realised. He forwarded hla credentUla to the labor authorities at Berlin and Hamburg, end was prepared to face the burden of a demonstrative re- eepUon. In this, however, he was dis appointed, for not a single man appeared to welcome him, nor during his stay In Germany did he have a single oppor tunity of meeting the people who had In vitedhtmtocomeeod disoos labor qnet tlons with them. Professor Brentano, who had professed his wish to meet Mr. Fltz. Gerald, was away in Italy, and the Socialist leaders In Hamburg wen variously employed, some in the country, and one at least In gaol, and Mr. Fdnter, the leader of the movement in Hamburg, was also absent. Me Fitz gerald stayed a lew days In Berlin sod one day In Hamburg before retaining to London, when he arrived almost frown with the cold weather and utterly dis gusted with his visit Ihe aanJco of stag* vanity must have already eaten somewhat deeply Into Mr. Christie Murray's kindly Baton, and dis torted Ms judgment, or be would never have attriboted (vide latter la your laiua of December 13) say remarks on bis new departure to personal spite. I do not know Mr. Murray. I have met Mm at dabs, certainly, and been Introduced in the cssoal wsy one is at such resorts, but I sm confident he would not recognise me If he mat me to- morrow; and it would puzzle even hit fertile imagination to ia Tent a sane reason why I should go out of my way to deliberately write nasty things about him. Aa a matter of fact 1 admin Mr. David Christie Murray, the novelist (not the actor), Immensely. From the time he began, years ago, to build up hl« npmtatlon in Chambers Journal with "A Ufa's Atonement," I have fol lowed, with deep Interest and sincere appreciation, his every step onward and onward. To me the position of a dbtmguahsd novelist appears one of the most enviable on earth. That such a one, who had already carved out fot himself a roomy and possibly eternal niche In the Temple of Fame, should elect j to step down from his dignified position and become a strolling actor seemed and etui eseeas to ma as pitiable as It was Incomprehensible. What I wonder, would have teas Mr, Christie Murray's own views if Charles Dickens In the hey-da/ of Us powers had suddenly developed aeto the elevating reflueness •f *J Pro* tad Judy," and, throwing to «■ ■ « :'*? : the winds ths, half finishedMB. of "David Ooppe*fi«id," capered about the country rootie-lootle-lng In partnership with Cod lin, Short, & Co. Of the 300 odd medical men walUap patiently in Berlin foe an interview with the great Koch Professor Andersoa Stout has alone succeeded in getting hfc wants falily promptly attended to. For one thing, of coarse, the doctor asme as the accredited ambassador of. three great colonies (New Sooth Wales, South Aus tralia, and New Zealand), and even Dr. Koch la not insensible to the compliment of medical men belnq sent 14,000 miles to see him. For anotner, the great man was rumored to be favorably disposed towards dlico?slcg a ?are fox the bated rabbit pest. Profesror Stuart was Introduced by Sir Joseph lister. Subsequently be sum marised lfo conversation for the benefit of a London Time* correspondent thai:—" I asked Dr. Kooh defi nitely to take the core of the rabbit plague on Mmsnlf, but he promptly declined. I then aiked him If he would allow the Australian Governments %o send to Berlin some fit representative to work as long as necessary under his direction. He again said ' No,' for If he had to super vise the work, and give advice, he might as well do It himself. Be said he knew there were each diseases, for he had him ■elf seen them, and he believed that It was merely a matter of two or three years' work for competent bacteriologists if they would take np the matter and work at It 'intensely,' doing nothing else. The diseases occurred from time to time in various parts of Germany, France, and Russia, and he had known the rabbits In his own laboratory simply swept away by them. Some one must be ready to deal Immediately with the diseases when they appear, and one must observe Nature and not try to muter her. He knew that the diseases affected not rabbits only, but also bares, and they spread from animal to animal as truly infections diseases, without any Inoculation whatever. He does not think that the offer of a prize for the discovery of a disease which shall satisfy such- and-such conditions Is a good mode of procedure, bub would strongly advise the Australian Governments to ap point at least two capable bacterlologlita, who should be well paid, and who should do nothing else bnt study the diseases. Cne might be in Europe, and the other in Australia, to work into each other's hands. They should be liberally sup plied with all necessary plans and means, and should simply work on earnestly until the end Is reached. He Is convinced that it can be done. He gave me express permission, at my request, to make public the result of the Interview, lie was at one time quite warm about the matter, bat does not care to take it up now—first, because It had been already nibbled at by so many that it was no longer fresh, and secondly, because an Australian medical man had some time ago spoken of It to him, and he was then Interested and gave certain advice; bat nothing was done, and now his Interest was gone. If it had been new he would certainly have taken np the matter. His whole manner seemed to Imply a firm belief that It was feasible. His opinion was stated deliberately, and he repeated the essential parts several times, and that, taken with the fact that he bad thought over the matter so long, should Induce the Australian Govern ments not to disregard his opinion." The St. James's QasetU comments: — "Without denying the suoeeu of Dr. 2£odi in i pCTil>tlfrf* lnunui boluss with dangerous maladies, a sceptic may be excused for wondering why the prolifio Inventor of disease la reluctant to employ his skill against a common pest like the Australian rabbit. He has given an un mistakable but unexplained cold shoulder to the scientific visitors dispatched to Berlin by the leading Australasian colo nies. Be could settle the rabbits, he said, if he had a free hand ; but he could not undertake the work, would not even supervise it. He had lost Interest In the matter, since it was no longer fresh ! Is that love of science J Is that tenderness for humanity ? Or Is it not just the least bit like the sensation-seeking self-adver tisement of a savant who has become a notoriety?" It bas been stated In several weeklies that Lord Sheffield contemplates conduct ing a team of cricketers for a tour through the Australian colonies. I have written to ask him If there is any troth in the report, and shall doubtless heat before next week. The Board of Trade enquiry Into the stranding of the steamer Nepaul on Shag stone Bocks has resulted in the suspending of the captain's certificate for six months. The court stated that they did this with great regret after his long and unbroken career of 26 years' service, and gave both him and the officers credit for the excel lent discipline preserved after the ship struck, sod for the speedy landing of the passengers. Owing to the frost the German Aus trallan bound steamer Chemnitz, which should have sailed on the Bth inst. for you ports, remains lee-bound at Antwerp, when a number of English emigrants, passengers by her, are likewise moat com fortably quartered. As these worthies only pay £13 13s apiece for the passage out the company's feelings may be Imagined. They gave the English broker 10 per cent commission, and the keep of the lot in Antwerp averages 15s. per head pet week. This has already been going on three weeks and the frost shows no sign of breaking there. The frost has Interfered sadly with the building of the Imperial Institute, much of the work having been blocked since the middle of November. Nevertheless Sl* Somers Vine, somewhat chastened by his almost abortive visit to the Oape, tells everyone " We mean to. be in," i «., the staff hoprs to move then early in May next. Mi W. P. Pribchsid.Morg.tt, M.P., the energetic Qaeenahuider, ooadncted his own case re the Welsh gold mines before the Court of Appeal last week, and was complimented by the judges on the ability of his argument. The Bad of Galloway has improved so much in health since he left England with his younger sister bat November that he means to oonttnne htm tour, and will go on to Australia from India next month. Mr. Augustus Harris, who seldom misses an opportunity of blowing his own trumpet, will now be able to do so to his heart's content. He has recently pur chased from Miss Alice Cornwall the Sunday Times, but It b not yet known whether Mr. Phil. Robinson will continue to occupy the editorial chair. The arrangements concerning thedls patch of a detachment of SO Victorian Mounted Rifles to take pert In the fioyal Military Tournament at the Agricultural Ball In June next, an probably better known on your side than they are here. I hear, however, that the matter has been definitely settled, and that the Dake of Cambridge exprecxa the greatest Interest in tbe coming colonial troopers. The Goverc&ient;, never very generous In such matters, has guaranteed £200 towards the i expenses of the trip. Two deputations to the Right Han. A. J. Mandell*, ?t the offiora of the Board of Trade, took pkce to-cky, and they sra both well piewnd with the eotur te*7 of the right hoaonblo gentleaun If not with the chances of their requests being seceded to. The Agents General deputation with regard to the commercial ttutlea between Gnat Britain and foreign countries were received this morning, and all the agents attended, although Sic Arthur Blyth and Blr Saul Bamuel were without lnktrnotlona from their Govern ments to express any views on the sub ject The substance of the requests made la already In the hands of the colonial dorenunents, and when they had been re stated this morning, many of the Agents* General spoke upon the subject. It ap peared that Sir Graham Betty, Bli James Garrick,and Sir Edward Braddon were all in ac^ctd In asking that no future com- | n'xclal treaties should be concluded by <Jreat Britain with foreign countries without allowing the colonies the option of being Included. They also asked for the excision of the clause that) GreVo Britain should allow foreign countries 'the same treatment as obtained by any ar rangement with any of her cohmles. Sir Graham Berry and Sir Rdwati Braddon also asked that England should assist In elvlsg effect to any treaties which the colonies separately might informally con clude with any foreign. Powers. Mr. Mandella declared this request was oat tide his scope, and he brought forward the same objection to Sir Graham Berry's re quest that the exltltag treaties between Great Britain and Belgium and Germany should be dosed, and fresh ones drafted which would sHow of the colonies being included. Tats was the substance of the interview, bit the result is not so easily dt fined. The general Impression prevail ing In Victoria street la that very little will ccme of the matter, and those who are acquainted with the workings of Gf'vertiiuent offices held the same opinion, but this reinaics to be seen In the afternoon Mr. Mundella tv flooded by the Imperial Federation League deputation, who were Introduced by Lord Bnuey. The following are the point* that were put to Mr. Mundella:— The articles which the league desires to ■cc abrogated are article 15 In the treaty with Belgium dated 23rd Jaly, 7862, as follows:— ** Articles, the produce or manu facture of Belgium, shall not be subject In the British colonies to other or higher duties than those which are or may be Im posed upon similar articles of British origin." And article 7ln the treaty with the ZoUvtrtio, dated 30th May, 1865, aa follows: —"The stipulations of the pre ceding articles 1 to 6 shall also be applied to the colonies and foreign possessions of bet Britannic Majesty. In those colonies and poueudon? the produce of the States of the ZoUvereln shall not be subject to any higher or other Import duties lhan the produce of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any other country of the like kind; nor shall the exportation from those colonies and pos sessions to the Zollvereln be subject to any higher or other duties than the ex portation to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." It Is stated by Sir Edward Hertaleti that while these two treaties remain in force the express stipu lations contained In those articles are extended to all countries whose com mercial treaties with Great Britain con tain a most-favored-nation clause, and apply to British colonies. The objection of the league to these clauses Is based upon the fact that by them her Majesty makes an express arrangement with foreign Powers that the colonies are to be regarded as foreign countries for trade purposes ; and the league desires to urge— L That colonies are not to regarded for any other International purpose, as, for instance, the purpose of the Postal Union. 2. That the colo nies of other powers are not so regarded. 3\. That the existence of such a clause tends to the disintegration of the empire, and is a cause of reproach to the United Kingdom on tiie put of the colonies and an obstacle to the complete unity of the British Empire. It Is farther to be observed that the wording of these articles Is sneh as to prohibit not only preferential treatment of goods from the United King dom by any colony and vice versa, but also the preferential treatment of the goods of one colony by any other colony, since the term " goods of British origin" coven goods of any British colony. The league desires to emphasise the fact that many of the colonies are now self-govern ing, and that they make their own fiscal arrangements, and on the other f?*ti<l that fortlpn powers look to the United King dom for the observance of treaties eon clcded with her Majesty. To take an In stance, the result of the continuance of •uch a treaty may be as follows:—Let It be enpposed that' Canada makes aa arrangement with Queensland by which her products are admitted free to Queens land and, say, sugar and fruit from Queensland enter the Dominion upon similar terms. A claim Is made by Ger many that her beet sugar shall enter the Dominion at the same rate aa the cane sugar of Queensland. Canada declines, and Germany appeals to the United Kingdom for the enforcement of the treaty. It is submitted that under such circumstances serious difficulties must ensue either between the United Kingdom and the Dominion of Canada or between the United Kingdom and Germany. The league urge* that advantage be taken of the opportunity afforded by the revision of commercial treaties in which the com mittee is engaged, fox removing a glaring and offensive anomaly which may at any time prove to be a grave danger either to the unity or to the peace of the British Empire. At the finiih Mr. Mundella ex pressed his willingness to include these requests in the Board of Trade com mittee's report to be placed before her Majesty's Government, and the deputa tion left with every sign of satisfaction that their mission was likely to be rightly dealt with. A correspondent of the Bt. James's Gazette explains the apathetic attitude of the colonies to the subject of Imperial federation aa follow*:—" The self- govern ing colonies at present enjoy certain very gnat advantages at the expense of their fellow subjects in the United Kingdom. A navy, an army, a Foreign Office Diplo matic Service and Consular system, and even a Colonial Office, an provided at the sole expense of the United Kingdom tax payers. These institutions an all neces sary to the fl?iffain— of the colonies, and arelargelyoocnpted In aafegoardingand ad vancing their Interests. It is evident that a federation of the Empire can only take plaoe on the basis of an equal share for all self governing countries, both In she administration and In the expenses of each institutions as then. Bow, no one likes to begin paying for tint which he has hitherto enjoyed free of coat; still less doee he volunteer the payment. The colonies have not yet been Invited to pay their ■hare of theaeexpenie?, and It Is not to their Interett to harry on the Invita tion. Every year by which thla on welcome Invitation can be postponed la so ranch direct gain to the colonies so long aa the right to come In eventually Is not for feited." Mr. Mortimer Menpes's ezhlbltf sof Indian etchings will be opened In ond street in April. Lady Dunlo has an arch, childish, even babylike little article on "My last tandem" in this week's Man of the World, It's all all about " clocking chicken*" with "great brown beady eyes," and horse* and dogs and straggling farm houses. Belle's tastes she would have us to know are, in the words of her famous csntlde. " fcesh, fresh, fresh as the morn- It g." We learn a few things however, •c for instance that ** dear Donlo" ares 41 ewear words" at times, and that Lady Dqdlo herself aspires to the higher walks of the drama and lon£S to play Juliet. She hsd better not. Hive is A Solbms WAnnso. M??y Took a Little Fit. In £n«edy to Shine. To Witch The world With Jol&t.; And Other plej • Divine. . _ Bat M*ry'? btun power Got N SOW. lc sympathy I begs She* on The itaee, Tii True, bat O to dupUy Hei—— Katural ability. «s-ThUW?yO "** In the new burlesque at the Ope** Oomiqne then is endless satfn on strikes and strikers. An anomalously costumed person supposed to be a colonial I?< te harangues successive detachments of polloe, post-office emploje*. s«d« servants, and a fancy ely Vmm b scotched out, all joining in % chorus, whleh runs thus:— For tea hour' deep and ten hoars' plan /Lad ram bosn' work sod fotn "qrud" • day, With Mo?deys " boff" and Bataxdavs hw- Ofa! Item is the ctrle what fetches as. Sensational minors have been current th'i week In boxing ejtolea, but most of tlbain are found to be false. The sporting papers announced that Slavln was to fight J. L. Sullivan for £2,000 in America, but when I met the former on Monday he denied the whole story. Since then Solllvan has written to the papers to say that he Is getting on so comfortably In the theatrical profession that he has no Intention of returning to bis old calling. Slavln Is keeping in excel lent health, bat he complains that ne Is get ting roety for waotof a fight. He leaves for America In February, where he will make a lengthened tour. If time permits he In tends going to Australia via 'Frisco, where he will glvesome shows and display himself tor the edification of his colonial admirers. On the first of next month he boxes four rounds with Charlie Mitchell at Olympla, and I hear that already most of the re •etved seats have been sold. The Chicago correspondent of the Sporting Life telegraphs :—" In an Inter view with J. L. Sullivan yesterday he said that the friends of Slavio, the Aus tralian champion, had proposed a fight for 10.0 CO dolfl. Sullivan's reply to that Is— • I will give 81avin 2,500 or 5,000 dols. if he will stand before me for six rounds with a cz gloves as soon as my present engagement permits- By that time Cor bett, Slavln, and Kilraln can decide who Is the champion among them, and then the winner can try me.'" Contracts were signed on the 9th Inat. at the Hoffman House, In New York, by Duncan R. Harrison and the Messrs. MeMafaon Bros., of Her Majesty's Opera Honte, Melbourne, for a tour in Australia of John IV. Sullivan, Jack Barnltt, Joe LannoD, Duncan R. Harrison, and others. The party will sail from San Fcanciaco in Jane, and will open at Her Majesty's Opera House In Melbourne In the follow big month. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. Wxssisoay, Febbuaby 35. The ninisten and representatives of the Bible Obriatiaa Ohnrch in this colony com menced their annual Conference in the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Wednetday, February 36. The attendance was:—Ministers—The Revs. Thomas Piper, J. Dinple, O. laake, W. Biobards, ft. O. Yeo man. W. W. Finch. J. Bowe, T. HiHm«n, T. E. Keen, J. Trewin, J. Stoyel, B. bang, S. Gratton, O. Treaise, T McNeil, J. Baymont, W. I". James, J. Thorne, W. T. Pen rote. G. H. Paynter, J. H. Asntoo, F« Bollock. W. H, Oann, J. G. Mutin. J. CoUiagc, T. M. Flood, O. Martin and J. Pearce. Beprtaentativet }—Messrs. J. S Treloar. B. GouUJ. M.P., J. Athlon. W, Drisg, J. Shaddock, J. Mitchell, F. MarshmaD, J. T. Beffen, E. Kelly, J. Car niab, E. Dix. F< A. Haynes, H. Tralagean, J. M, Bandow, J. Cooper, J. Wiie. J. W. Pearce, W. Tapper. P. Wilson, W. A. Steven, T. Bodda, B. Cooper, J. MtSkimming.N. Clack, f A. Williams, J. P. Hughes, J. Haacosk, Jnn. M.P., and E. Williams. After devotional amrniw, conduoted by the Bey. T. Piper, and the returns from district meeting* showing who were appointed to attend the Conference, the election of a president was proceeded with. The ballot gave the Bey. John Dingle a majority of the votes, and he *m declared duly elected. The retiriog President said they had matter for thawWqipyfi, rTfift lives of all m,niatft*^ bad been spared, though some have had heavy trials — Bro. Gratton in the lou ot fata wife; Bra Btoyel in tbe breakdown of his health; Bro, Keen in the enfeebled state of hia health, aeaessitating a year's rest; and Bro. Bowe, who was one of the first ministers cf the body in Australia, and who now seeks ■Bperannaation, The Conference sympathise with all these brethren in their trials and sofiering?, Am to their work and its cesnUs at some points there had been apparent de feats and at others sueceasei. Toe aaooesses, however, had been greater than the defeats, and they were able to report an increase in tte membership of the church. In nfesring to the principtea which bad guided him in bis office during tbe (ear be said he had insisted that Conference unit have control of all Coo* nezional fuodr, that Conference appointments iloh be final, and that Conference authority nofct be paranonnt in its own sphere. Htd h*d occteio? for acting on all these priDCiplia dcritg tbe year, and mentioned them became he boped thej would be always acted upon :n (Cf- Inline, The Bey. J. CiNGix expressed his tnrprire at tte honor that bad been thrust npon hhr. Be bad never sought such things, bnt he hid always striven to eerve tbe cause of Christ and tile dencmination rather than himself. He had evtr tried to do any work as thorongbiw and gladly aa if bis own personal gain were the object. The Rev. W. F. James was elected secretary ot the Conference: Mr. J. Cornish, journal feeretary; ud Ben. G. H. Paynter and W. T. Ptnrose, duplicate and triplicate secretaries retpectively. The Revs. J?. Bollock and O. Martin were appointed xeportan to the press. It was found that Bey. James Bowe, who with the late Bey. James Way founded the denomination in the ejoJony, was compelled by the infirmities of age to retire from active work. Ibe scene waa deeply affecting as varioua ministers spoke of the devoted and successful labors of Mr. Bowe, and the follow ing resolution was passed by the Conference standing in tad sflenee:—"That Bro. James Bowe having made application to retire superannuation we decide to grant hu request. We desire to put on record our high apprecia tion of hia Obrittian character and our admira tion of the good work he has done for God in this country. He has helped the church by the soundness of hispreachine; he has been an example of godliness among our people, and has been the brotherUest of men among the ministers. We feel he well deserves the rest he is seeking alter 46 yean of unsparing work, and wa bust the evening ot hi* life will bs long and happy and useful. At this time we would not forget his true yoke-fellow, Mrs, Bowe, ft teal aster and servant of the church, and we pray teat they may be spared for tome rean to their lamiry and eaoh other." The resignation of Bey. G. Varley, who retired tram the work early in the year, waa accepted. A molotion of armpatby with the BoperaDnuated brethren (J. Hancock, T. Allen, and J. Biddul)? and gratitude expressed for the measure of strength vouchsafed to them and for the service they have been able to render to the church during the year. It was decided that the ex president (Bey. T. Piper) be rtappointed to the work of collecting funds for Way College. The ex-president and Mr. J. Athton were appointed as a deputation to represent the Conference at the convention to be held in Pirio street Wesleyu Charon in commemoration of the death of John Wesley. TEX XVKNIBO SIBBION. In the evening the president. Bey. 3. Dingle, preached the Conference sermon to m huge congregation in the Franklin-street church. The ibt. gentleman baaed hia remarks ■ on the words " Take heed to yourselves and to i the flock over which the Holy Ghost has m«de you overseers." The best, way to recommend Obrut was to live Christ, and the highest en dence to ourselves, was the direct voice of the I Savior in tbeaooL One of the nearest daogen to the Methodist efanrehes ot the day waa the lack of discipline—ot "taking heed" to the wants, failings, and woes of the people. The rervice, which waa deeply impressive through out, oondoded wish the Sacrament of the lioid's Sapper, 