A " Typical " Ghost Story. " In the summer of 1881," said a compositor, " I j was running a paper in a little backwoods town in Pennsylvania. The;paper was not so metropolitan in its make-up but that I was able to do all the work myself with the exception of the printing. Publication days I oalled ia the services of a half- witted fellow, who, under my instruction, had developed into an expert roller. I was the only man within a radius of twenty miles who knew how to set type, and if I had fallen sick the paper would not have come out until I was well again. " Naturally I am not a superstitious man, but an incident ooeurred while I had charge of that paper which I cannot explain, and, until it is explained, I Bhall believe that anything is possible in the way of ghosts, spooks, wraiths, etc. " It was the morning of Juno 10. I had locked up my formes the night before so that I could begin printing early inithe morning. I was pulling the old lever promptly at 7, and at 9 the local list waa in the Postomoe. Soon after the delivery had begun one of the merchants of the hamlet-a very intimate friend-came into the office. " ' How did you come to hear of the death of your brother so eooñ?' said he. (There was no telegraph station within fifteen miles.) " ' What do you mean ?' said I. " Mean ?' said he. ' You ought to knbw what is in your own paper. Have you forgotten that you hpard this morning that your brother is dead? Have you forgotten that you set up a notice of it an 'hour or two ago P" " Are you crazy P* said I. " I swear that I do net know what you are driving at.' "At this juncture he opened the damp sheet that I had so recently . printed and folded, and pointed me to the following item at the bottom of the third columB of the local page : " ' John Jones, brother of William Jones, was killed at Peoria., at 5 o'clock this morning.' " My breath waB fairly taken away from me. The merchant was right. There was the notice of my brother's death in my own paper, and I had not Bet it up nor heard of it.' " You aie right, sir, said I ; but thia is the first that I had known of it. If there ever was a mystery this was it." " I went over to the '-forme ;' there was the three line item. The moment I saw the type I was more amazed than ever. It was the type-setting of my brother, who, like me, had been bred to tho print- er's trad», I could tell his work from that of a thousand. He was a marvellously even spacer, and he carried his taste so far that he always put less space after a comma. " But how were the lines put in a locked f*rme ? No item had been taken out. I examined the forme closely. Yes, there was some more of my brother's work. 'To gain the space, leads had been taken from here and there just as he used to take them. He waa a great sticker for good looks in a pago, and he was very fastidious as to where he pulled his leads. It struck me right away that the notice of the death would not have been so short, would have gone into details more, but for the fact that my brother did not wish to remove any of my matter nor any lead whiah could not be spared as well as not. " Though utterly sceptical about supernatural visitations, from that moment I believed that my brother's disembodied soul had made its way hundreds of miles had entered my office in the early dawn, had set up the notice of his death and put itjin the ' forme/ " Late that afternoon a dispatch came to the ef- fort that William Jones was killed at Peoria, 111., at 5 o'clock thatmorning." When the Sandfly was trading in the Solomon Group early this month she came up with two of her Majesty's Bhips-the Royalist and Ringdove cruising there. ' They .vere searching for the culprits concerned in the'murder of Captain Sam. Craig, and the Captain of the Royalist had taken prisoner an influential chief, and was holding him until the actual perpetrators of the crime were surrendered It is understood that the native most active in plotting the murder,ia a native who recently* returned to the Solomon Islands from Noumea. The Royalist had shelled several villages' as a punishment for the murder of the trader Howard. At Vila-la-Vila four natives belonging to Captain Woodhouse's station were murdered, according to a report that reached the Sandfly. The Sydney vessel Vailele was not met with in the group during the cruise, and the Sandfly has no particulars of any recent wreck having occurred in the group, oi any further account of the wreck reported off the coast of Malayta soma time ago. On Monday Mr. J. H. Carruthers, the Minister of Education, opened the girls' and infants' de- partments of the Superior Public School, Burwood. There waa a large number of the friends and parents of the scholars present. Mr. Carruthers declared the school open, and gave an address. After this there were some calisthenic exercises by the girls, and manual exercises with aruiB by the oadets. The Minister went through the various departments of the new building, when the children rang »orne songa. . . ' '. 