· ENTenTAnwtET,.-ThoBijou minstrels visited aour town on Monday evening and gave a most enjoyable entortainment in the Temperance hall. They had a very good house cousiddr ing the otormy-looking night. It being their first appearance it was carried out in good. style. Mr. Fenwlek presided at the piano throughout the evening, and he was one of the beast pianists that has ever come to our town. The first item on the programme was an overture on the violin by Mr. Danmiog, ac companied by Mr. Fenwiek on the piano; song. Tread Soltly,. by Mr. 'Sheohan; a comic -ong, Pretty JaUio, by' Mr. Leeson was very good; Mr. Leonard then sang Old Folks at Home in excellentstyle; then followed Mr.. Stalfort with a' comie song, Go and Tell Maria, which elicited great applause; Good Old Geff by. Mr; BStarkey was oung in good' style. The fitat part conuludod with a grand finale Peter Doyle. After an interval, ef ton minutoe Mr. Danoing lildMr. Fuonwivk again opened with an overture on violin and piano. Then followed a clog.danuceo by Messors. Wyles and Gale. in capital, style.. Next came 'a character song, By Mly old Kentuoky Home, by dMr. Sheshan, followed by Steering Hume by Mr. Leonard. A oomio song.by Mr. Stal. fort was very amodsng.' Mr: Wyles then saitg Love Letters very creditably abd whd'encorod. -Then followeda opharoater sketch, TheoTwo Rompeyo, Next came .a violin solo by Mr. Le?ton, and piano solo by Mr. Fenw'ok'; Sann. exhibition of club risgvieng" was most excellently done by -Messrs. Gale and ';Danning.,: Mr. Starloey thou saug Poor Old Joe very creditably, and Mr. Stalfert followed with a parody on Killaloe. The en- tertainment concluded with a laughable farce, A Ghost in a Pawn Shop. PoeOen Coons, 10th November.-Beforo Mesors. H. Saxby 'and 'A. S. Jo. Jon. Mihal Tenenman was charged with drunkenness. Pined 5/- or three days. Thosame defendant was also charged with using profane language and fined 20/. or seven days in the lookup. We?aTuEnE-At present the weather to very showery. As yet we have not felt tho summer, and I think it will continuo verymild, not too hot. Novomber 10. 