HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship , Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the light house keeper had bound him hand and foot, and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Eope is the most important lighthousein the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit 1 " You are beyond human aid." These words said by a physician to a woman ho had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong-and, in any case, he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Iter heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could searcely stand. Her head whirled, "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. Site broke out into a sweat a!though cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down °n bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says," I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New liriggtoe anti asked the doctor to tell 1me the worst. ilis answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine; you can take itor leave it. I took it for three weeks, thle gave up in dispair." " I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past hunmc a;d.' " My heart sank within site, for I had live little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost Ilesh till I was thin us a ghost ! Myinother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Oice I began to vomit at nine o'clock on Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remember&l; that Mrs. Wilson. with whom I formerly worked at Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had, ben cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's the chemist, in Great Garden street and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life." "I should have taken Mother' Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work, and we had nly a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbrurs, know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40 Broad Street, York lload, Leeds This was a case of indigestion and dyspep sia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or, possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell." She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. W'ilson. 