Brief Mention. Grafton Show opens on 22nd instant. Wirth's show took about £70 from Coraki. A Farmers' Union is being formed at Lis- more. The dredge Achilies has done good work at Swan Bay. Casino Cavalry were welcomed home on Friday last. The Mayor and other towns people met and escorted them to the town, which was decorated with hunting. The tender of Mr. R. Pyers. has been accepted for supplying most of the timber for first section of the Lismore-Tweed railway. This will be procured near Coraki, and about 50 men and a dozen teams will be permanently employed for 12 months. A number of important auction sales are advertised in this issue. Mr. John White, of Coraki, is going in for bacon-curing on an extensive scale this winter. In mentioning a toast — "Our Governor and other guests," a contemporary prints it — "and other ghosts." The massing of troops in Russia on the German and Austrian frontiers is causing much anxiety in Europe. It has now become a question whether Sydney is a city of New South Wales, or whether New South Wales is a dependency of Sydney, so extensive has become the centrali- zation regime. Case of snakebite at Swan Bay on Sunday last. The patient is now out of danger. Mr. Crummer has given instructions to have the crossings in Bridge-street put in good order. Mr. Gracie is taking the necessary stops to have the gates removed from Coraki- Casino road. The date of the first Municipal election at Coraki will be fixed for Monday 1st June. Mr. Fred. Wilcock, the high-class tailor, of Lismore, is now in Coraki at Quain's Hotel, with a choice assortment of patterns for winter clothing.* The Coraki-Wyrallah road is in a most dis- graceful state. Some sensational telegrams were posted at Casino RE the fire on the steamer Casino. The news was on a par with that sent abroad con- corning the narrow escape of the Tomki last week. The Rev. Mr. Steele, late of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Lismore, was a passen- ger by the s.s. Tomki for Sydney en route for Wingham, Manning River, where his new charge is situated. He carries with him the kind regards of the congregation he has left. A wood and coal yard is to be started at Coraki — and not before it was wanted. Mr. D. M'Phee's daughter has, wo arc glad to say, so far recovered from her recent serious accident, as to be able to get about again. The tender of Messrs. Rotts and Selkirk for £91 has been accepted for painting and repairs at Broadwater school. The Government has paid liberally for the damage to cavalry horses, which occurred at the stampede while on the way from Camp- belltown to Sydney. Some of the troopers received as much as £25 for damage to their horses, and others smaller sums in proportion to the injury received by their steeds. Mr. Kerle, of Messrs. Kerle and Kerle, railway contractors, visited Coraki a few days ago for the purpose of procuring timber suit- able for the works about to he constructed on the line. He went from Coraki to Bungawal- bin Creek upon a similar mission we are informed. The Casino School of Arts will soon have a new piano to coat £100. 