Teshibll hever drew a happier cartoon than that appearing in the issue of London' 'Punch which has-'Ju&t; lieen laid on the table of the School of Arts reading room. (Eho cartoon, which i_B callqd ',Boage j et Noir,' represents '* Jonathan standing between an Indian brave in fall rfar paint, I ana a jxegro, claa as we see mm m any; number ofj Harper' a Weekly. Qn , one ^iie theioirles^ reckless Sioux,. -With a dreamy look in his eyes, as he thinks of the ghost dance or the coming messiah of J^is race, fin .tlm.'gther, the well fed.Negro, witfi'an fna61ent'sfiire,' knowing' his posi tion as a citizen of the great republic, and ?With his'broad;fkfc;foottaking;a;firm.'iold of tbe'land tb- which his forefathers 'were brought as slaves. ' The Indian is fast disappearing and his Teservations are be ing taken possession of by.: his. white neighbors.' Not so the 'negro, and every year tho. negro qnestion becomes more an! more acatc in the tJnited States. Early last year the subject was very fully dis cussed in the American papers and latterly a eeries -of-remarkably well-in form eS and exhaustive letters in the London - Times have drawp renewed attention to the safe ject. When Congress, in spite of the veto of President Johnson, conferred ,on the negro the full rights of citizenship, the Republican party voted, not from any wish to do justice to a fellow cftattird, but to counteract the vpembci^tic majority in the Southern States. The Times describes what followed^thos : — ' ' Their began a terrible and humiliating time for thd 'whites, . especially in Louisiana, Georgia, and South Carolina, where the black vote was preponderant. The carpetbagger and the ignorant negro' majorities'hbd tbeir own Way, and strange were the pranks they played. The country saw a series of un equalled scandals. Corruption was' ' open and unchecked. Political rings ruthlessly levfed-blaokmail. Some of the 'Legislatures were scenes of' debauchery and prodigality. The black. legislators .were no Spartans. For docks in the South Carolina State House coit; ing 8s. 6d.. they .substituted others of the value of £120 they' sat on crimson sofas, to the tune of £40 apiece, and looked at them selves in mirrors, each worth £120. A res taurant supported by the 'State waaattached, and' their official^ and their Mends and relatives helped themselves without stint to liquor, food, and cigars at the public expense.' Men with, neither, U.W. nor morals were made, judges.' ^ Retribution speedily ..followed, and by force, Iraud and intimidation tho whites overcame their more numerous antagonists,' a'nd the Southern States are as Democratic as . of old. ; The franchise is practically, suspended for the negro, and the privileges , of citizenship are denied 'him. The white I man fears and hates him ; brutal and bar barous tnoba , lynch bim, for some fancied crime or breach of sojno social rulg(. The nijgro retaliates when he gets n chan'ee, atui mnrder ahdln4ianlt:ara every day occur rences in Southern States The life of the negro is tmendurable, nor is that of the white much more epjpyable. : The. state pf tjungg gro^rB ycnrlr worse. Though'' they die 'llkrf 1 flics,1 ttifl f negroes breed like flies,' there arc now 6,600,000 and it is .calcnla^'in,;l,9^6;,.they.will excoed the whites by i.Ojj.O.PPO, K civil outbreak might occur.at any' day, and a war of ex termination might easily follow. Time has only heightenod tho differences be : tweeti Mack Bndorfaitc, andnthp.icolcr lino is even more, distinctly marked than it was | iu, tho days v9f. slarcxy., , llixq^ marriages j are.'Areiv ftndlthjKnwUtto is teoro seldom J sebh. Mrith^such'' i-siate'of'thingB the disppyory.of.o remedy, which should bp-jn.' Biwo'ri wi'tli tfio traditions of tho fidpoblic,' and worthy 6f a. groat nation, would seem hard to find. Tho correspondent of the ZVnei propcpos a , bold ono,, and^itii that the country 'should Kiy tliem out andixport them ' to1 thd : Congo ' Free Stnto, or some' other part of Control Africa, Ho points ont:flr8t, that tliis plaii ' wonld jbo in % o6d t(io clioaiicst, and; sccondlv, that'lood 'ing'no^ioa ajiprovb'of it, and Would give cvory aBsiB^ncel1 Tlioriv is ' nny quantify ot 'unoccujiied land' 'in Africa, arid ttd divoWfl6d ' is1 the country that whatever -Stoto iii tho Union tho emigrant hailed from ha ? could- find . itr conntorpart In Africa, If the willingness of tho nogro, who is , »? jmtlvo- and a citizen of tho United 'St'Ala?, i« nscflrtolned boy6n4 r ddub(,[ the plan moy bo foasihlo.h.ut not otherwisi),, Whatc^er^nppon'i tho prpblom is of tho utmost inonlcnt to Amoriaa and one of tho.. most,. intcrfljtinff jiowtboihg worked out 'In any' part of tlid-wldx ! „ Thb outrngoa oommlttcd by thoajnion 1st sliortrura fully justify tho preca|itlons tak9r)...'|jy , the ^Qoverninont in ? sending .troops, to.nrnl rcinforcing tliu, polifA in tho districts' where tii'oy liiivo corigroKfttcd, UnlonisiK is Uuin'g'hilnod by tho ooljon of ITrresponelblaiflcirjierB who nr« mjtliiog better than desperadoes, and who hold their position jby virtue of the terrorism they inspire. No one' for a moment sup poses that violence and arson are approved of by the large body ;oE the shearers who are law-abiding, praceable, citizens. ^.The burning down of a station not only con stitutes a- gross violation of the laws of the 'country, tnt destroys the capital which supplies labor with the wages which support ifc- 'We aye afraid that we shall haye'' a very serious -time, and the de^. parture of the mounted -infantry to the disturbed* districts will be soon followed by that of the T Company. Thq worst feature of the whole case is the impossi ,hility of putting a stop. to; outrage., -The cimnlxy is sparsely populated, arid*- settlerj ^re Isolated; aild totally Wable'^ protect themselves. In a-few weeks the country wili-bft held in terror by gangs' of^ruffians, and' 'a'' conflict between them and the Government forces is inevitable. The burning of wool sheds, setting 'fire- to grass, taking possession of a township are familiar enongh to us as.stories of Ameri can Western States, but here revolvers have .been used only against the aboriginal, and we have been free from any of these things. The Government have a most diffi cult task before them. The shearers are lyell mounted, and intimately acquainted | with the country. Many among them could feed' 'themselves with' a tomahawk' and a fishing line, even if they had neither fire arms nor money.,, But money, most; of] them have, and. onr information as to the firearms in their possession; is incomplete. Evenif the qnarrel between the shearers and the squatters is immediately ended immense damage: will have been inflicted on the c6mmefoe-of the country. It was no surprise' to hear' yesterday' that the banks had raised their rates of. interests If the warfare lasts six months, who can* foretell the state of things ? ' t The 'census pipers are 'now being dis tributed, . This district if divided into four parts, and the distributors are Messrs. W. D. Cooke, A, C. Mather, R. McEwen 'and J. Mathers. 4 ' TriEB.LS.N. Co.'s steamer Jelnnga, which arrived at Thursday Island on the 19th Inst., brines five single men' and one single woman for Mackay.. She; is cxpected off this port abont Wednesday next. The schooner Karoola arrived here from Sydney on lharsday mprning early. The' veSrel is commanded by Captain Matthews, and brings manure and lime for the Colonial Sngw Refuting Company? ' 'Ihe voyageT-lSsted a- fpctoighv and- racy^fieavy weather was ex prtfeiiced.' ?' The Police' Magistrate, ;Mr. Mowbray, re ?t'arned on Wednesday from a trip on which he 'was accompanied by Mr. J. C. Binney, Crown Lands Ranger, to the northern boundary of the district. \Ve understand that a visit to the Andromache mission station was* one of the objects of* his journoyy but other business connected with his department was done. \- To-day at 2.30 p.m. HodgeS and Chata Way sell in their sale rooms, corner of Wood and Victoria-streets, a large assortment of fruit trees from the Lily Bank Nursery, Cairns. These trees are thoroughly acclim atised, and this fact alone should commend them to those in need of choice trees. The plants arrived by the Gabo last night. Full particulars will be found in our advertising columns. - The weather during, the last throe days has been more or less squally. The total rainfall for Wednesday was 98 poin's, and for Thursday 28 points. The readings were, Wednesday,- -max., 82deg. '-min. 69*9deg.; Sun' heat, 147'9deg. Thursday' 81deg. ; 69'3deg.; and 147 9 deg. respectively. Xhe rainfall and readings for yesterday are not to hand. 'A.T animated correspondence: has .'being going on ofjate in the educational uewsp»pei , The SchoolmUtrtiSj on tbe question, ''Ought Schoolmistresses ' 'to Marry Schoolmasters?' Ap old adage tells ns tnat 'Two of a trade never agree.' 'Tiler hit* tiler was the prcturefquo form in which artittle Greecc of old conveyed the same supposed truth. What do those of our readers think who belong to the profession P ' ? ' I ?' : la pur.last . issue 'we deprocaied the action of several of our local, storekeepers in opening up their various places' of businras on Wed nesday afternoon 'last. Since, th^n wo are pleased' to hear from the President of the' Ji^rly Closing Association (yrh-i,has inter viewed these gentlemen) that they -acted in gcod faith in. the matter, un'lerstanding ds they did that; on that' occasion the Tuesday, holiday ha'l been substituted for the usual weekly half-holiday.. , r - i. Off Thursday, 'before the P.M.; 'Thomai Sutton pleaded guilty to a' chargo of drunkeB nes-,- apd-T was .discharged. - Charged' with ladecent'expoBhre he was 'fined 30s.'*Murto, a ; Javanese, who had been living An the scrub near Farlelgh and on other people's fowls, was given three months with hird labor. Ryfeard, on sospicioa of murder, was remanded for eiKbtdays.'. David Muhay wo* charged with a breach of the Slaughtering Act, and was fined £5, to lie recovered by levy and distress, in default two months. ; ! The following ' Item from ' the' Karthpm Star (Lismore, N.S.N.) will bo of. interest to our looal planters ' Mr. Spencer Cotteo last week brought into' town a-apecimeiv of cane g(Sylng otvhis farm -at' ileeram Creek, 'near Rons, which shows 'r remarkable growth fqr its ago.. . The^iutting had only been placed ln. ,tb'o ground 'In Ootoher. and for l33 days growth shows 3ft. Oin.' of solid cane, with, a girth of nenrly 7io., while In the fisld.it is alraJtljWdr, a Tnin'iTitiail:: It ap{-dara to,ty- a variety'of striped ribbon, obtained from 'tho' .Ulcbmnnd.Ulvpr. Sugar. Co, ,.andi the .growth li'ibrtalnl/ rstilirkfthle. The 'lind has ! been: uudor^iultlvatloi) wUh jmalzd, and the stalk, we aro told, wai taken fr6m the outer row without search for anything exceptional. ' It is a good proof of how well adapted the Big potub i« for pane.' ?' Tub departure .'of the Monotod Infantry would havo been considerably, delayed, but for the kindness1 of Captain^ Dlmmoek, tho commanding oflloerpf the' -V, , Coijipmy.l Tho lnaufilolcnt equipment holli lu arms and ijni/orm of tho corps Is nototlous, The uniform j 430iil(l be supplle-ir}-ut fu ;tho' cass of the former, : \ filWtJiplet^ . cdrblnos wore ex. ohanged 'tit tb* Hit-'S antwbdydneta 'o( tho Infantry oompaoy, Nor did tlio klnducis end herp.fQr.Sorge^nt.MaJorChrUtle'M.lstcd'by: ?ovoraroflila men; g»ve tho Mounleil lafanlry Innruqtioni In tho uu of ihn rlfla and bayonet, thu* materially hiilpfng'td make'tham adcui. tomed to a weapon they had never uiod bo. /ore, - Though' the 'Mounted. 'In'a'ntM; . may never bfvb a olmnooof returning tho 'olvllltiea extondeil Wthpmrthoyiwlll, wo hopo, jncyer forgot them, ! A' MEKTINO of tho *lawaid- of ,t)ie Maokay Turf Club was held Tlinnday ovenlng Ufit at the room* of tho Aoretary, when MrMrs, J?, U, Smith (ahalrman). J. II. Sharp, (3,-Mutioo, A. PIooq, II, K, litaoki and tho seoretary | ^yore priwvjt, The minutes of tlio previous meeitlK? oo^llrmed ahil gnrroipoitdenoo ? read, It wit*- deolthvl ^ notify tho default of | Mr. Palmer, - (rf fomiMtfno with the non- 1 paymont nf.onrUln^ ^.jutianoa nunlos, la tho' N.Q.H,A. Mr. M, ,itH|n(l:!}l»uj« wa*oli!6fivJ. an honorary llfo iriambor, uniltn'n (inmlnatlom for th' oommlttoo for ' tho w«r« thqa i opened. They comprised : -^Messra/'A. Ulcoq, H.'B. Black, F. fff Smith, ' J,. Hri»harp, A.' Williamson^ R. il. Smith, W. Archer, J. H. McLean, C. H. Piune, H. Bell, F. M. Haggard and F. Middleton,' and there being only 12 nominations for the K 'vacancies ,the above , named geiitlemen will become th^committee. i The meeting then. tcrtmnated in''the osua ?way. ' 1 The crickete-a' bill on Thorwlay evening was ' an .unqualified shcresfl, . inasmuch * as ? do wall-flowers- were allowed to decorate the. room. Mrs. Ring played throughout , the evening, /accompanied -.with ilr, 'Schioein (violin), and it goes without saying tbat their share of the work was done in their nsual happy manner. Mr.' Grant kindly lent one of his best pianos for the occasion, and the singers and dancers fnliy appreciated the j presence of a good instrument. Mrs. Kitsou played ths accompaniments topmost* of the aongs.' Miss' Hutcheson was' the 'only' lady; who sang, -the song on this occasion beiae 'Lime Trees,' which -was mnch admired. Mr. Brooke sang ' Alice; where art thou' ; Mr. Kilaon, 'Out on the deep'; Mr. Wesr brook, ' When night is darkest ' dawn is near' ; Mr.' 'McKay, ' Romany Lass' ; Mr. Coffin, ' The'Sai'or Bay»' ; all of which were more or less applauded. At the -conclnsion' Mr. H. B. Black thanked those present for their attendance,' and called for cheeri for those who were leaving; - He siid be hoped to see them all safely back, and then they might, have another jolly time on their return. The Cotigreas of the United States ha3 passed a copyright measure in favor of foreign; authors. ' American booksellers have for years leaped a fine harvest from the field 'of ' British and French writers; Sometimes a whole book would be wired across the sea, set op-thesame jlay, and placed on the' local market before the British edition could be sent bylithe fleetest ship:' 'When oomplaint.wa* made : by injured authors and publishers they were told they could do the same with' American books. But this wa? poor. 'consolation Because the British author/ damaged by an act of .'Ameri can piracv, was not the person who obtained the benefit of a' stthi'ar act' of piracy 'perpe- trated on his brother author in America ; just aa the American author derived no Iwnefic from the .piracy . practised 'on the British . tmtho-. The Preddeht'yec has. to set hia1. haiid: (q the ineasnie.'-'-Itp'is said that the bilfj6aa been described by the Washington correspondent of the Timet. aa. one which, though not an ideal measure^ Is ' the best now' possible, and as ' embodying a recognition of common honesty in 'dealings \rittr foreign anthorB, and the enforce ment of the principles by law, and whilst it does not extend copyright to foreigners on the same terms as it is granted to Americans, it is a careful compromise which grants essentials on comparatively easy conditions. It may be :reB)embered how kpen some Americio at^hors have been as to the way in which their copy rights have sometimes beep dealt with in Anstralia.— Brisbane Telegraph, Ode Londan correspondent alluded a fort nfght ago to the sudden death of Mr. HarHsnn,. the father of Mrs. Charlie Rawson, whd was so long a resident among ns,' and Mrs. Ned Rawson, who now lives at the Hollow. An English paper supplies the following particu lars of the deceased ccentlemen:— 'J henRev. William Goist Harrison, M.A., Rector of Saaington, died at tbe Rectory, yesterday morning, after only a few days' illness.. He was in his 8oth year. The Rev. William Gorst Harrison gradnated at Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1828, proceeding to ms M. A. in 1834\. He also took the ad eundem M.A. ' aV Durham. Be wai ordained deacon in 1828, and priest in 1831. and was vicar of Bfart,; in the county of Durham, from 1845 to 1872. It] 1872 he was appointed to the rectory of Easington, the gross income of WhichT is £1,100 and house, in succession to the late . Jley.. James Manisty, brother to the late Judge Manisty. Deceased was a widower, his wife having died about '30 -years - ago. .There is a family pf nine daughters, four . of whom are married, two to-, gentlemen' in Australia, one to the Rector oE Stone, in Kent, and another to Dr. Bro'adbent, of DaltonIe Dale. There was one son, Lieut. Harrison, of tbe Royal Navy, bus he died about two years ago, wbila on a visit to his father at Easington. Ihe rev. gentleman' was much beloved by the villagers, and -was greatly eateepied through out the' dist'riot. All the plaoes of business and privato'house* in 'Koaipgton are in* some form showing signs of mourning: and regret at the death of the Vicar. The «ame tokens of respect are observable in Scaham Barbour and the neighbourhood. The deceased clergyman was a justice of tbe peace for the country of Durham, but h -d not exercised his magisterial function Bince he left Hart. The Mackay Mounted Infantry mustered a' the Drill Shed on Thursday evening last' for final instructions befure their departure1 for the scene of the shearing disturbances. About 3lj) responded to the roll-call,! aq^ these were increased to 40 }ate'r on in the evening.. The litien took offtheirhats and.waved them ^ when I Private T. D. Chataway took his place in ; the, ranks, and he shonld feel proud of the ovation' he received frotn his old Company, for it shows that they ha'vo not forgotten the long fight he had with officialdom when he was their com. manding officer. : Mr. Chataway Offered his services as lieutenant, and as these were refused ho wentiai a 'private. .'After informinti th*' men of the nature of the duties upon which they , were abput to entiar, Captaiq;Kiechel. mann. told them that, through the' courtesy of Captain Dimmock, of the F Com pany, they could. exchange their carbines for the rifles and bayonets of that company; The' men then exchanged arms, and were put through ' the bayonet exerolse by Sergeant Christie, who had kindly consented to do so. Tho men .wire then dismissed' a t - about JO o'clock, with . .order* ; to muster at Howard Smith's. wharf at 7 o'olock the next .morning, ihd by ,7.30 yesterday morning the company niu'stered du tho wharf and werd1 (marched on board' the Iceberg. There w'e.e 48 present all told, so vory few memborsfoupd it ipconvenient to go. Tho following are the names :-LIeutenant Joseph, ' Sergoiht-Major Kemp, Sergeant Diohm, Sergeant Daniels, Corporal Loge, Corpbral'Ball, Lance-Corporal Kelly, 'Lance Corporal Moran (who will 'join (ho company at . Koolthampton)i Lauoe-Corporal .Brennan . Privates' ?fealy, Pille, . Devino, Shlfli, A. Smith, Fay.'PUUj»ll, Perry, Wright, Tebbut, Whltoombe,' ;Wi H. Smith, Draper, ' Crisp, Brownlow,. Hanson, =R, M... Smith, Solway, Cross, Haly, W. Walkor, A. Soott, J. Lynah, F. Black, Goldatone, Rafter, A. Vnrrelly, B. J; Farrelly, Hlnton, Carey, Chatawsy, rhllllps, D. McLennan, Martin, Dwyer, A. Cummlng, McKay. . ?' We undtrittad i that sptTio oLtho corps were found ti- bo under 18 year* oi-ago, and a* those, men have made * dibloratlon that they' \yere above fhat age, and'thei^ parolit* In Borno 'omts krieVv ' that I hey waro receiving Governmeht pay tinder these pre^eparr,' an; enquiry will probably be beltHnth tho elr'oum- tanco* of caoh caie. A l^roti or9wd, was, present,, and by half. past eight all the ltv'0 we'te aboard the tomlor. - As tho boat J steamed.- away.' .there was'a godtl' deal of oheoriug, «nd wlshos for a peasant nuiBMe. ;A(tfr-leavlnR Captain. Rleohelmann fell tTlo thpn'Jn and told them oif Into por marnnt scotlana, tie ' then addroisod them ?saying that they knew no'aliloVand muat not discuss or talk - about ihearlug.r Wit .tover was said Oil ? this .matter by oatsldcira thoy must'pay no'aHontton. Their duty wo* to obey order* 'anil noli to ?' trouble: about any thing olie, Ho warnod them that strict dltol. pllne would-be maintained, ' Whllo nt tho (.Dohpraeo tho men tang long* and otlierwIiV »mi|«oil t||0Bi«plve». ' Tho Gabo arrived aq^n afier'nnon ami loft ogijiii about 10 o'clock yeatdruny evening,'. : -1' ' '???_? t-**r ronTV Ye*ns.— Th», Jeioriptlon. bi ?Implo remedy, by, whloh a Ibmploto cure of doafndw aniVJio ioi Ufthe heal of forty y'oirV . ttykllbgAMiuie «-C|efre;|d, :wU| be *ent . |w|janyM \v liqjJgEMt^. H, Niotioligd, 