LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, March 21, 1891. The London and Paris telephone has been successfully laid, and on April 2 will be thrown open to the public. The charge for using the wire three minutes has been fixed at 8s. It is reckoned a clear enunciator can easily talk 300 words to that time. This message telegraphed would cost £2 10s. Nevertheless the tariff is considered dear. One can, it seems, talk from Paris to Brussels for five minutes for 3 francs, or from Paris to Marseilles for a similar period for 4 francs 50 cents. By mutual arrangement between the lawyers the Gordon-Cumming slander case will be taken before Whitsuntide. The defendants plead (1) that the libel was never published, and (2) justification. Should Sir William fall to prove publica- tion the case will break down ab initio and his last state be considerably worse than his first. A regimental enquiry would then be inevitable and imperative. This would please the Wilsons and his Royal Highness far better than the ordeal of cross-examination by Sir E. Clarke and Mr. Gill. The more one learns concerning the rough and ready administration of justice by Judge Lynch at New Orleans last Saturday the more justification there ap- pears for it. Even that personification of strict propriety the Times can find ample excuses for the outburst of lawlessness. One of its representatives has interviewed a gentleman actively engaged in business for many years in the southern capital. He said—"The Italian question in New Orleans is quite as serious as the Chinese question on the Pacific Coast ever was, or as the Hungarian question in the mining districts of Pennsylvania. These men would be welcome enough if they were governed by any decent code of law or morals which rule society. The Mafia, which exercises a terrorising influence over the reputable part of the community, is vastly more potent than the influence exercised by the law in Louisiana over the ruffianly class. There is in this case no question of race or caste or of a revolt of one faction against another. Upright honorable business men were actually in the mob and heartily in sympathy with it. I do not defend such outbreaks any more than I defend a decent man who, after a long provocation, loses his temper and knocks down a blackmailer or shoots a thief. In either case the man is reprehensible for breach of the peace; but there are some wrong things that we cannot utterly con- demn men for doing. The Mafia Italians are the most degraded wretches that come to America. The majority of them get their living by crime, while those who follow a respectable trade get rid of competition by holding out threats of murder against their rivals. Every time that a member of the Mafia is tried for crime one or more of the jury men selected to try him receive warning, written and sealed from the Mafia Society, terrorising them into a refusal to convict. The result is that the jury disagree. The criminal law is like a lottery, and if you try to enforce it, handicapped by the Mafia, you have got a hard task. The jury who tried these Sicilians were probably more terrorised than bribed. What are you going to do when a secret society in your midst is corrupting trade and morals and even the administration of justice, and to attain its ends does not stop at the most heinous crimes? The best people in New Orleans sometimes find their patience strained beyond endurance and take the law into their own hands. Look at the character of the men heading Saturday's mob. They were not ruffians, but good citizens. Look at the time they took to do the job; they did not skulk under the cover of the night, and did not even disguise themselves. They believed their work to be right, and struck the blow openly in broad daylight." I see that Mr. Patterson, the energetic citizen who led the mob on Saturday, was not 24 hours older before he received a notification from the Mafia that his life should pay forfeit and his family be poisoned. If anything were to occur to this brave man or any of his little ones I should hope the city would rise and drive every Italian, whether innocent or guilty, out of the place. Imagine if you can what would happen even in holy Adelaide If a Chinese "Mafia" with which the autho- rities proved wholly unequal, to coping sprang up. It would be odd if a single Chinaman were left in your city in a year. At the end of last week the managers of the gambling establishment at Monte Carlo were for the first time for many years seriously uneasy. Occasional heavy losses they have of course known, but never such a long continued run against the bank as is now oocurrlng. The losses of the establishment at trente-et-quarante in six days were over £20,000. Needless to say the croupiers were constantly changed and the cards used carefully scrutinised by experts beforehand. The successful players, now of course followed by the public, aver they have at last dis- covered a system which will work. The management suspect they scarcely know what. Years ago something of this sort happened at the roulette table. A party of unknown English Jews broke the bank backing certain numbers. The wheel, was microscopically examined and it turned out that some of the partitions had with infinite skill been imperceptibly widened and others narrowed. This of course greatly Improved the chances of certain numbers. The management kept its own counsel and quietly changed the wheel. As a consequence the wily Hebrews lost back to the bank a large lump of their winnings ere they discovered the attempt to correct fortune had been found out. Cards are the only machinery used for trente-et-quarante, and these the management make themselves. The marriage of Lord Hartington to the Duchess of Manchester will take place in April or May next, which will be rather more than a year from the date of his grace's death. The duchess intends to retain her present title till the marquis succeeds his venerable father as Duke of Devonshire. She wlll then, of course, be known as duchess of that ilk. Sir Charles Dilke continues stonily in- different to the flood of words that good, that much too good, man Stead continues to pour forth upon his head. The latest move of the editor of the Review of Re- views has been the issue of a leaflet in which he invites the public to "assist in preventing the return to the House of Commons of a man who, if the verdict in the Divorce Court be correct, ought by his own admission to be in the House of Correction." I do not under- estimate Mr. Stead's influence, and I have little doubt that in this one-sided struggle with Sir Charles he will prevail. Never- theless it is a cruel shame such malignant persecution should continue. If one could hope that when the day of Dilke's com- plete vindication dawns—as I firmly believe it will—Mr. Stead would feel in the smallest degree abased or ashamed of himself it would be some consolation. Unfortunately one knows that it is not in ihe least likely. After the Lipski fiasco, when most editors would have felt utterly crushed, Mr. Stead ate dirt in the cheeriest way, quite indeed as though it were his usual diet. What can you do with such a man? The feature of the March Review of Reviews is Mrs. Besant's character sketch of the late Mr. Bradlaugh. It deals with the portion of this truly great man's life which the present generation knows least about, his early struggles in the cause of freethought and the gospel of Malthus. The reasons which deliberately led Mr. Bradlaugh and Mrs. Besant to republish and assert the legality of the notorious Knowlton pamphlet, "The Fruits of Philosophy," are very clearly explained. They neither of them liked the tone of the brochure, and they knew the struggle would cost them dear. Mr. Bradlaugh believed (this was in 1877) he was sacrificing his seat for Northampton in espousing such a cause, " but (Mrs. Beaant writes) the cry of the poor was in our ears, and we could not permit the discussion of the popula- tion question in its one practical aspect to be crushed. We did not like the pamph- let, but to stop it was to stop all." Ulti- mately when the long long struggle ended in the allies vindicating the legality of the "Fruits of Philosophy" it was withdrawn from sale, and Mrs. Besant herself wrote a leaflet which contained the same truths and information unobjectionably put. "So," she says, "ended a terrible struggle in which indeed we suffered bit- terly, and were fouled by every insult that profligates could formulate, but in which we gave the poor knowledge that has raised thousands out of direst poverty, and saved thousands of poor men's wives from despair." The sketch, which no one should miss, ends with a fine panegyric. Here are the last lines:— "Without faith in God, but full of love to man, Charles Bradlaugh led a pure and noble life, and he has won the only sort of immortality his strong soul craved—the memory of honest service faithfully wrought, loyally rendered—deathless memory in a world made nobler by his living, richer by his sacrifices, poorer by his death." "Tourmalin's Time Cheques" is another of Mr. F. Anstey's wildly whimsical ex- travagances. Fancy a passenger travelling homeward on a P. & O. steamer, who finds time hang heavy on his hands, suddenly faced by the buiness-like "manager of the Anglo-Australian Joint Stock Time Bank." This personage offers to bank the hours which Mr. Peter Tourmalin finds drag so, and to return them to him with interest later on in periods of 15 minutes each. For this purpose he presents Peter with a book of time-cheques, which will, he assures him, be cashed by any respec- table clock on being slipped behind it. The voyage now ends, and in a week or two Peter, back in England, marries the lady of his choice. During a dull half hour of the honeymoon the bridegroom longs for a whiff of sea air and cashes a 15-min. time' cheque. He is instantly transported back to the P. & O. steamer, where he makes a startling discovery. The cheques are evidently not consecutive, Peter has, he finds, drawn a 15 minutes quite at the end of the voyage, and he hasn't the ghost of a notion what has gone before. Moreover the unfortunate man is seated by a charming girl, whose life he has in some mysterious manner, judging from her conversation, saved, and to whom, judging from her alarmingly affectionate manner it seems only too probable he, a married man, is engaged. The 15 minutes elapse ere Tourmalin can disentangle the situation, and the next time cheque he cashes proves to be a quarter of an hour quite at the be- ginning of the voyage. Again Peter happens to be seated by Miss Tyrell, but when he addresses her in the affec- tionate terms of their last, interview she tells him she hardly knows him, and is confounded by his impertinence. Now, I think I have told you enough to ensure your spending a shilling on "Tour- malln's Time Cheques." Mr Bertie Mitford's "Romance of the Cape Frontier," which was well reviewed when it first appeared in ithree volumes, has been reprinted at 2s. 6d. It has somehow leaked out at the clubs that Jerome K. Jerome, wishing to make Rudyard Kipling's acquaintance, wrote to the Anglo-Indian saying, prac- tically, he thought two such geniuses ought to know one another, &c.;, or (as Arthur Roberts sings) "words to that effect." He fatally misunderstood his man. Kipling put the letter in the waste paper basket, I should think he was the last fellow in the world to stomach miser- able stuff like "Told After Supper." "The Philadelphian," by that "Admir- able Crlchton," Mr. Louis J. Jennings, M.P., is neither a political nor an American novel, but a very ordinary specimen of Mr. Mudie's wares, containing a bigamous marriage, a mysterious murder, several forgeries, and a suicide. The motive which inspires the murder will at once be condemned by the reader as wholly inadequate. Moreover, most of the characters are very old friends. Still "The Philadelphian" is tolerably well written on the whole. "The Light That Failed," rewritten and considerably enlarged, is "quite another story," the most important change being in the finale. Maisie does not now give blind Dick Heldar her love. On the contrary she shows herself an absolutely consistent heartless little minx coming from Paris to raise his hopes and pity him, and then dashing off in a distracted manner when he shows her the ruined "Melancholia." Moreover the girl never visits him again. Having art- fully led the departing war correspondents to believe he is about to be happily married Dick finds himself left alone to the care of an ignorant lodging-house keeper. The picture of the awful soli- tude and misery of the blind man struck down in the full flush of his success is one of the most powerful things Kipling has done. Dick grows careless, dirty, and slovenly even till he meets Bessie again, and she out of sheer contemptuous pity takes him in hand. Suddenly the poor fellow is seized with a wild longing to join his friends in the Soudan. How he does, so would take too long to tell. Suffice it to say he arrives just in time for a battle. The shooting has begun when Torpenhow finds him. " 'Get down, man! Get down be- hind the camel!' 'No, put me, I pray, in the forefront of the battle.' Dick raised his. hand to put his sun helmet straight, but miscalculating the distance knocked it off. Torpenhow saw that his hair was gray on the temples, and that his face was the face of an old man. 'Come down, you damned fool; Dickie, come off.' 1 And Dick came obediently; but as a tree falls, pitching sideways from Bisharen's saddle at Torpenhow's feet. His luck had held to the last, even to the crowning mercy of a kindly bullet through his head, Torpenhow knelb under the lee of the camel with Dick's body in his arms." Mr. Kipling has obviously paid little attention to critical strictures on his ten- dency to coarseness. The newly inter- polated chapter will will make even ardent admirers "squirm." Nevertheless, the book as a whole has been improved. Jerome's unlucky "Woodbarrow Farm" was taken off at the Vaudeville on Saturday last, and on Wednesday an American piece called "Diamond Deane" replaced it. I have not seen this yet, but I understand the heroine's character is modelled on that of our valued mutual acquaintance Mrs. Gordon Baillie. The new farcical comedy which Mr. Ralph Lumley, author of "Aunt Jack," has written for his mother-in-law, Mrs. Jno. Wood, did not altogether please the audience at the Court Theatre last Satur- day evening. The first act of "The Volcano," as it is called, went ex- tremely well, but the second fell flat, and in the third the humor became so painfully attenuated that when the curtain finally fell sundry determined hisses mingled with the friendly criesB of "author." The idea of "The Volcano," a newspaper owned secretly by the Duke of Donoway, is to satirise the "new journalism.'' Mr. Arthur Cecil enacts a mischievous old peer who revels in writing malicious "pars" about his friends in this precious publication, but "squirms" horribly when libellous gossip about him- self somehow creeps in. Mrs. Jno. Wood is an energetic "Amurrican" widow, jour- nalist, and interviewer, and Mr. Weedon Grossmith a vacuous lordling. The piece will not run long. This evening will see the production of Bronson Howard's mining play "The Henrietta" at the Avenue Theatre. It was a euccess in New York, but that by no means certainly ensures success here. Miss Geraldine Ulmar, who has made the melodious "Cigale" such a success, will of Monday espouse one of the composers of that work (and the musical director of the Lyric Theatre), Ivan Caryll. The wedding takes place at St.. George's, Hanover-square, and is sure to be a very smart affair. Both parties are great favorites with the profession. The performance of Ibsen's "Ghosts" at the Royalty last Friday was even to admirers of the pornographic prophet deadly dull. We went to wonder and to blush, and remained to yawn. Some slept peacefully through Mrs. Aveling's plain-spoken diatribes and the wails of the diseased young man; others giggled. These last excited the wrath of worship- pers of the Norwegian Shakespeare. "Some people would laugh at anything," angrily observed a virgin in spectacles. "Quite right; we ought to be blushing," retorted the titterer. Mr. D'Oyley Carte has secured, for £500 down and £10 each time the opera is played in London, the English rights of "Elaine," by M. Bemberg, which has created a regular furore in France. It will succeed "Ivanhoe," which has now settled down to moderately good business at the magnificent new house in Cam- bridge Circus. During his two months' tenancy of the Globe Theatre Mr. Norman Forbes lost £10,000. Running a theatre when things don't pay is expensive. With the Carholme a foot deep in snow as latterly as Thursday last it was scarcely expected there would be flat racing at Lincoln on Monday. The snow, however, disappeared as quickly as it came down, and when that dear old friend of the sporting "liner," the "historic saddling bell," rang in the new season the racing army had assembled in full force, and everything was as it should be. The enquiries which the stewards of the Jockey Club have instituted into the rela- tions between certain fashionable jockeys and professional backers last season have ended very badly for both parties. Amongst the former still without licenses are Rickaby, Colder, and the brothers Tommy and Sam Loates. They may, of course, get them yet, but the delay looks ominous. Tommy Loates was earning at least £3,000 a year without betting. One race particularly enquired into by the stewards was the match between Lady Wharles and Ragi- munde, at Manchester, last November. Calder rode the mare, who was considered a certainty, 4 to 1 being freely laid on her winning. Strange to say a certain pro- fessional backer selected this crisis to field, and took 800 to 200 Ragimunde. He happened to be a friend of Calder's, and when Lady Wharles was badly beaten (six lengths) it pleased some of the ring to be satirical. Mr. Lowther overheard these remarks and demanded the backer's betting books for the whole seison, The Jockey Club stewards are of course all powerful over English racecourses. Neither backer nor layer dare refuse to produce his betting books if called on. To decline would be to court "warning off." Mr. Lowther can put a racing "two-and-two" together as well as most people, and with the books of certain layers and certain backers, and a racing calendar before him, he formed conclusions likely to result in drastic cleansing measures. More will be known in a week or two. Meanwhile, as I've said, a number of jockeys remain unlicensed to ride, and a clique of professional backers are being closely watched and may be "warned off" for life any day. Others have been cautioned. The "green jacket and plum cap" of that worthy sportsman Mr. Abington were to the fore in the Lincoln Trial Stakes, the first flat race of 1891, the arch deceiver Quartus (ridden by Fred Barrett) over- turning an odds-on chance in Mr. Sanden- son's M. MacGregor. Mr. Abington also won the great race (the Northern Welter) with Despot, and Colonel North's horses showed in form. Besides running two seconds the nitrate king carried off a Selling Plate with Adela (by Necro- mancer). The chief event of the day was the Batthyany Plate, of 500 sovs., a five furlong sprint, which usually falls to some exceptionally speedy animal. This year Mr. Abington's King of Diamonds, and Mr. Combe's Maxim, and Mr. Cunning ham's Morebattle were most fancied in a field of 13, the Duke of Portland's party backing Charm (3 years, 6 st. 4 lb.) on the strength of a trial in which the filly ran away from a lot of two-year-olds. Laat year Charm (by St. Simon out of Tact) was supposed to be smart, and started a good favorite for the Brocklesby Stakes, but neither then nor afterwards did she justify her private reputation. On Monday old St. Symphorien got off with the lead, but soon had to give a way to Charm, who brought the field along a rare pace. Nearing home Colonel North's Athol Lass (aged, 7st. 4 lb.) on the right and Morebattle on the left made a despe- rate effort to reach the duke's filly, but neither could quite reach her, and the bearer of the popular black jacket and white sleeves eventually won by a length from the nitrate king's representative, with Mr. Cunningham's old horse third. Betting—15 to 2 against Charm, 10 to 1 Athol Lass, and 7 to 1 Morebattle. Since The Bard, Semolina, and Dono- van commenced their winning careers in the Brocklesby Stakes its importance as a two-year-old struggle has much increased, and intending competitors are now closely looked over. There was a capital field last Tuesdey, and on the strength of Charm's Batthyany Stakes victory Katharine II., the two-year-old which figured best in the abovementioned trial, was well supported. This nice looking daughter of St. Simon and Murninn won by a head on the post after a good race with Mr. W. J. Legh's Butterscotch (by Kendal—Sweetness) and Mr. Wallace's Cedula (by Sterling—America). Fourteen ran. Betting—5 to 2 the winner, 100 to 6 Butterscotch, and 100 to 7 Cedula. Twenty-one runners started for the Lincolnshire Handicap on Wednesday, the favorites being Mr. Ablngton's Yostig (4 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb.), Colonel North's Nan- thorpe(5 yrs., 8 st.), and Prince Solty- koff's Lord George (3 yrs., 8 st.). The first named led to the distance, where he compounded and Lord George took up the running with Nunthorpe and last year's winner, The Rejected (aged, 9 st. 7 lb.), as immediate attendants and the outsiders Seraphlne II. (3 yrs., 6 st. 2 lb.) and Detective closing up. Lord George really had the race in hand from this point. He quickly took the measure of Nunthorpe, and striding to the front won in a canter by three lengths. Seraphlne II. overhauled Colonel North's horse in the last few strides and beat him half a length for second place. Detective was fourth and The Rejected fifth. Betting—10 to 1 Lord George, 33 to 1 Seraphine, and 13 to 2 Nunthorpe. Prince Soltykoff throws in for a good stake, and the B.P. are mostly winners. Nunthorpe came with a rattle in the betting at the last, the north party back- ing it heavily both to win and for a place. Tostig was one of trainer Morton's "certs," and would no doubt have won at seven furlongs. He looked like sailing home by many lengths when he com- pounded. In the Lincoln Plate, for two-year-olds, a nice-looking filly of Lord Dunraven's called Mockery (by Robert the Devil— Surprise) beat seven others rather easily, and the Welbeck Plate, which is the only other race at Lincoln I need mention, fell to Colonel Worth by aid of Old Coin (by Miser—Margery), a much improved animal. The Minister of Education. (Hon. J. Q. Jenkins), who left the city on Wednesday last, accompanied by tbe Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley), on a visit of inspection to the schools in Yorke's Peninsula and the north, visited Kadina, Port Broughton, Mundoora, Redhill, and Koolanga on Tuesday, and stayed at the last-mentioned place for tbe night. At each of these towns the public school buildings were inspected, and after proceeding to Clare and several other localities the Minister will return to the city on Thurs- day. 