PROADBRIATS NEW YORK LETTER. I memorable for nothing else the week which 1ms just passed will bo remembered for its vindication of law and of right,and for the lesson it has taught the foreign .An archists who seek the shelter of our institu tions, and still expect to live in constant violation of our la as. It m; / seem. singular that in a great city like Ntw York, where well organized courts ejisfc to right the wrongs of the humblest and the weakest, and to call the greatest and most powerful to account that another entirely independent system should be recognised by thousands in this community with laws and docrees of their own; its irondad as tlioso of the Modes and Persiahs. Such courts exist among certain _ classes of Italians, Chinese, Hungarians, Poles, and among the various guilds that represent the Anarchistic combinations, of trade. Much fa people talk about that terrible combina tion the Mafia,' it never in its wildest moment of vengeance perpetrated a crime like that which I recorded in these letters a few weeks ago, the wrecking of the establish of one Greenbaum, a tailor at Jamaica, on Long Island, and the attempted assassina tion of his child. The New Orleans Mafia murdered Chief Henncsey, but they did it under the cover of night. These assassins came boldly, twenty strong, in the light of open day, broke into a poor tailor's house, drove him'and his wife and workmen out, then made a com plete wreck of the entire establishment, poured vitriol over all the cloth and manu factured clothing in tlio house, and at last with a fiendishnesa without a parallel in the world's criminal calender, one of the wretches seized Greenbaum's little child which lay in the crfldle, and holding it by the leg poured vitriol over it, niaiming and disfiguring it for life. An act so shocking is almost beyond belief, and while there is no punishment known to the law adequate for such a crime, it is a pleasure to know that the fiend incar nate who perpetuated it, will; get some masure of punishment. The party that per petrated the outrage was made up of Rus sians, Polos and Hungarians, and ivere all Jews, as well as Greenbium, whoso family they assaulted. They were incited to the act by a Russian Jew named Barondcss, who is president of the Cloakmakers' Association, and who this week was sentenced to States Prison for a term ot years for blackmail. For several years past this vagabond has defied the authorities, and blackmailed manufac turers and terrorized poor workmen who re fused to join his union. Poor Greenbaum was one of those. Barondess drove him from his home in New York, and he sought refuge at Jamaica, and just as ho got settled there they hunted him to ruin. The great diffi culty of the trial lay in the wholesale per jury of the witnesses, who seemed not to have the slightost idea about the sacred character of an oath. Huiulercds stood ready to swear the blackuailer Barondess and assassin Frank Rheingold free. For tunately for justice there was a jury who knew how to value such testimony, and the resub was the conviction of both. The public is to be congratulated on the result, for with the assurance that crime will meet with certain punishment comes also the as punishment comes also the assurance that the jury box is in safe and honest hands. If the people of New Orleans had taken the same care to make the jury box safe, that, they did to vindicate justice in the extremity, they might have avoided the desperate scones which have c mvulsed the civilised world, and the slayers of Chief Ilennesey would have perished on the sGaifold according to the forms of law. New York has a more desper ate criminal class than Now Orleans or any other city in the union. Occasionally justice miscarries hero, but taken as a whole, with all our shortcomings thore are few citio.s in the world where life and property are safer. In forming the estimate it must be remem bored that this city is sought as a refugo by the criminal classes of every land, and that we shelter a population of over one hundred thousand who cannot speak one word of English. Ore it neighbourhoods exist here through which you might walk for hours during which you would not hear a word of English spoken. These peoplo have their own laws and customs, and in stabbing affrays or murders it is regarded as high treason to appeal to the courts, and often the relatives of the murdered man or woman will not giro tho namo of the slayer, or testify against him when caught. But notwith standing occasional riots and outbreaks, tho authorities have always been able to hold tho criminal classes in check, and therefore I say that the conviction of theso murderous An archists is a matter of profound congratula tion. Labor troubles have seriously impaired our peace, and for a time at least it seems as if all the trades connected with building would be paralyzed. Wo are changing rapidly in our labour interests. Within tho memory of ' men now living, common unskilled labor was thought to bo well compensated at a dollar a day for twelve hours work. I arn not saying that it was enough or anything like it, but simply stating a fact. Then came the reduc tion of time to ten hours. This seemed ao reasonable and just that the change was ac complished without much disturbance, and without the aid of the Legislature it bccanio law. Then came i raise of wages and then another reduction of time, and finally the statutory law, making eight hours a legal day's work, and now the laborers in the building trades have struck for two dollars and twenty-five cents per day, making on review a decrease of one-third in time and an increase of one hundred and fifty per cent in the wages. The skilled labour of New lork and Brooklyn have promised to sustain the demands of their unskilled helpers, and if they do wo may look for troublo. Politics which have simmered all the winter riridspriflg liaVe 11 off begun to boil quite briafcl^,' and on every Corner you hear the proijabllUfp's of the Gubernatorial election discussed in no (liitftrtnKn.fashioYi. It may be now sto some on the outside,b'fft. sbbutthe most prominent candidate for the Goviifn'/rShip at the present time is David Bonnet Hill hilri self. Bub you say he is a Senator, n hat of it 1 He was to bo president. What 11 it ? Why, man, does he want the earth 1 that's just about the size of it, and if he lives long tinoilgh lie'l' get it. That's tfoliticS, said big Judge Murray ; he knotfs U'iiat life' i3 tip- foy an' don t ye forgit it. The old man has g6t 41 jotfd cfn to liini, lie has, said little Tom Kelly of tnS mistn,- an he dcin't give us no guff. Ain't h'6 a brick r said McGuffln.- He, is on to 'em every time. It is now pretty well fjOttTedj that the Gover nor never did. want the Seii^r^hip. He only took it to save it from the wicked Re publicans. On joint ballot there was a bare! majority of two. No Democracy as a prin ciple 13 all right. It means the greatest good for the greatest number every time, t/yt individual Democrats are sometimes like tlio .Kcpiitijicriiis, very wicked and with', sticii a siigfifc Majority as two he coiiM rro't trufst theiri. Tliey tfotild accept him, but nglit frt a'nyoWs felsfe', so he sacri ficed himself and becaniS d Serjator. Look ye, good sir, and see if this cd riot soifnd politics. He is Senator. You can't g'co t>ver that. Now suppose he runs for Governor and gets elected, he will then ' be in a posi tion to resign the Senatorship and say to the next Democratic National Convention Be hold the man who saved the State of New York for the Democracy; who gavo you an additional Democratic Senator in the Senate, who wheeled New York into the Democratic line, and who now stands ready to throw her thirty-six electoral votes for the next Dcmo crrftifc' President, Do you want her ? David Hill Yet police r&ig;'rieth not. Fn'c Stecklers that have been the Jaefiin' a'ffd.Efona of Tamrrmny Hallhave abandoned the wigwarti,(vnd lire nO\V a law unto themselves. Juage' Steepler has ft pull, and a strong one, that Tiimnir.f>y has been willing to recognise up to the last sixlty days. If a man walked into one of the public departments with a pasteboard marked Stecklcr, his fia£ chalked at once, and if there wa3 no situation open,liis name was put on the pay roll. Of late there liavS been about fifteen patriots to every office, and the troasury was not equal to the press. The consequence was that some of Steckler's friettds never passed the gates of Paradise. Then ferries Jones,- the Lieutenant Governor. What lias ilotfes cJofa'gtjiiifc he should bo sat down on? Hill don't like Joiierf,' and Tam many don't like Jones, tut JoneSj led 6n'e whole Democratic ticket, Hill included,- With over five thousand clean votes. What's the matter with Jones that's what I want to know 1 Ro3well P. Flower who wants to be Governor don't like Jones. For matter of that .Tones is not in love with Mr. Flower. Colonel Bill Brown turns up as an Amicus Curia, and he has recently declared that ratiier thiiii Gee th,e party divided he would take it himself. VOrily,- verily,- it looks as if there was troublo ahead. Mf. Cleveland's friends are asking, ' Whore do we come in f and in the fight of 1892 the ox-President is not going to bo an unimportant factor. So far no one looms up in the Republican horizon of importance enough to overtop all otlierd: Even if Governor Hill is renominated, and it looks that tttfttj itis not going to be a walk over. Jones, the mail tflib' pays 'the freight, may bo-slaughtered in the cotiverf tion, and Roswell !' Flower be put in the line of succession by accepting the nomina tion for Lieutenant Governor which he re fused four years ago. But of one thing Tammany may rest assured, and that is that 'the man who pays the freight' will be heard from the day after election. Jones ain't dead j'efc not sleeping | stick a pin in that and doi;'t(fbrget it; wheii the ballots (lt-e Counted. Will the gfiosfc of Aifeixrtntlot- fouriiey Stewart ne^er disappear ? (Jno by tfrie his name has departed, front »U the great nioiiu ments that he reared. The name which he fondly hoped to pass to prosperity in connec tion with his millions is remembered only with ill concealed contempt. The curious traveller no longer inquires for Stewart's dry goods store, which was the Beaumarchais of New York. Drnnken roysterers hold high jinks in the splendid marble palace on the Fifth Avenue which he consecrated ns his home. The magnificent sarcophngusbeneath the crypt of the grand cathedral of Garden' City is lenantless ; but his ghost still walks abroad. A horde of poor Irish relatives whom he disowned when he was alive have instituted another suit to battle for the dead man's millions (Vanity of vanities, saith the preacher, all is vrtnity.) Yours truly BROADBRIM. 