FORESTALLING, ' Or, Rigging the Market. Tho practice of forestalling tlio market is always lookod upon as a roprohonsiblo ono by ownors of horses, and doubtless it is Buch. . Tlio- most comical part, of tho. business, ' ^howovov, is that tho. public aro 'always blamed for stopping in and securing tho long' odds, whilo tho odiuuv of tlio charge should .bo laid on tho shoulders of numerous motallicians. It is ridiculous to supposothatprivatopcioploaro so ill-advised and venturesomo as to exhansttho market on any horso. Truo thoy aro blamoablo for having a fingor in tho pio, but it must bo understood that thoy '. aro . lured and led in ? tho majority of cases by bookmakers, who for reasons bosk known to themselves tako tho responsibility of introducing horsos into tho betting with tho intention of leading backer's to bolipvo that through tho odds shortening tlio sup port has either comui direct, from tho owner or tho; stable. When tho favorites aro firmly established — though tho majority of_ bookmakers may not havo written- their names— tho public aro attracted, thoroby, nibble away, with groat persistency, and in ninety-nino cases out of a hundred. havo not the ghost of a show of winning. That is one way of forcing trade, and a suro ono too. Another stylo resorted to,' and really 'forestalling,' is for a coterio of mots, to- band themselves ' together, arid' tako ...'all. thoavailablo money about cortaili horses known to havo good chances in certain races, with tho set purpose of doling it out at shorter prices and effect tho ' hedging ' trick. That -this practico is: a lucrative ono goes without saying, otherwise it would not bo so persistently indulged in. Year in and year out in ordinary, important handicaps, say such ns a , Sydnoy Cup, Metropolitan Stakes, or Hawkesbury Handicap, tho wailing of owners is to bo heard both long and loud, and in many instances tho forestallor is unearthed and compelled to disgorgo from his capacious book ? certain amounts at fair priceo aor otherwise run tho riBk of backing a non-starter. But it novor happens, that the public aro tho culprits. WorJ,that so tho owner would fiud that tho races woufd bo over and gono beforo he could got what ho thinks a fair amount at a fair rate of odds. Its the shark that swallows tho big bait, not tho thousands of small fish who aro content to risk £1, £2, or even .£5, and tako tho chances of which they know nothing into tho bargain. Peoplo wo aro aware hold fast to tho belief that horses aro 'to an extent public property onco they .'aro' entered for a race. Tliat opinion wo sharo with them to a great degree. In saying that wo lean to the conviction that thoy should bo far moro so than thoy are, as the public who support; horso racing and havo * to pay so dearly ' for it, should havo a great deal more consideration shown thorn than is now tho case. At tho samo timo it cannot bo denied that it is very galling and annoying for an owner to be forestalled, and be unablo to get, as is too frequently tho case, little or nothing about his horse. Fow ownors, wo think, would begrudgo the public a win, but when thoy do not, and aro blamed for anticipating tho racehorse proprietor, thon it is timo tho matter was laid fully arid 'fairly before tho. gaze of tho world. Tlio fallacy has been too long entertained by many; lienco our reason for explaining it. ? Bookmakers have unlimited opportunities for balancing up their accounts,, to say nothing of the chances oE tho ever- present outsider crop ping up and bringing grist 16 their niills. With plenty of betting, hedging, laying dead 'mis (as tho undertaker is styled, in tho rinfr), surely they can afford to mako ends meet, and not persist in attempting to succeed in frightening good horses and owners out of tho field: Wo would recommend thorn to do3ist, fooling assured that it would work beneficially all round. ?With a.lifo of luxury, ease, and nflluonco thoy should bo satisfied, without resort ing to forestalling tactics, for which tho pulitte aro asporsod, and of which thoy are not guilty. Tho following description of tho raco won, in England by Mons Meg will' bo read with interest:— 'Tlio contestants for tho Gold Vaso, twomilos, wero reduced to throe, namely— Mons Mog OstlSlb,, Nunthorpo Oat 41b, and Padua 8st lUlb. Nunthorpo was an, ovon-mouoy favorito, 5 to 4 could bo got about tho Australian filly, while Padua was quoted at.10 to 1. Padua cut out tho work at so, strong a pace that Nunthorpo was in troublo a milo from homo. Noyortholes3 ho ran most gamely undor difficulties right up to Iho last; but though ho worn Padua down, ho had not tho ghost of a chanco with the old-fashioned, Australian-bred. Mous Meg, who, running liko. a ,truo stayor, won easily by nix lengths in ftmin 41 1-Sscc. Tlio Jamberoo Turf Club havo ddcidod to hold thoir aauual rncos on Scptoinbar 30 and October 1. ; Tho Hon. W. A. Long purchased The Miner for iHOOHTter Ilia victory iu tlio Hoso hill Sailing Ilaco. , \- Tho death is 'announced of John Keating', who wns urivato trainer to Mr. J. Whitting lium, of Mordialloc. ' . Wliilo competing in ' tho Eosehill Stooplo oliaso tho Now Zcnlnnd, horso Tuknpu severely injured hiinaolf and his rider.' 