The Gir! of Castlebar. Tiie shadows of evening were length- I ening at Castlebar. and gloom was { creeping over many a heart in that old historic town, for the war trumpet had sounded its warning note, aud the busy din of arms resounded through the barracks. Women wept, and clang to the red-coated sires and gallants, they might never see again, for the climate of the So«dan is j treacherous as its denizens, and who might return? No woman can tell. But the supreme moment was not yet come, aud far removed from the temppst of sorrow that surged around the barrack gates, Corporal Stiggins still lingered with Bridget Costelol, known through the country as ' the girl of Cast It- bar.' They sat on the balmy slope of the Staboll hill. It had been the scene of an old historic fray, but it was not for that reason Corporal Stiggins chose to occupy it. It was because of the fierce struggle that was raging in his bosom, at the sudden parting of himself and Bridget. * 0 Biddy, avouraeen, I never felt s=o sorry in all me life for liavin' gone for a sojer as I do now; the very heart is rockin' out of me at (he thought of liavin' to fight the blacks, an* lave ye all alone, me dailin'. Bridget took a fit of sobbing for the fiftieth time, and sinking on his breast, burst into a torrent of tears. * Oh Murthv, acushla! I don't knjw what I'll do at all, at all! I'll be the loneliest, frettedest girl in the whole countiy. An' I know it'll be the brakin' of roe heart. O, what do thev want to be fightin' at a'l for-sure the world ought to be big enough for every one; an* Murtbv jewel, if ye come home with a wooden leg, an eye knocked out, or maybe one of yer arms off, I'm sure I won't know ye, avouraeen. I won't know ye, ye'll be so altliered entirely.' And ha ring so far given vent to her feelings, Bridget burst into a fresh flood of tears. ' Ah, Biddy, whist yer cryin', for after all, what's the odds if I escape wid me life, an' a colonel s commission maybe f I could dhi ire ye f>bout like a lady, Avid me wooden leg out of sight in the body of the jaunt; dhry up yer tears, an' don't be brawliu' any more, acushla. I was dhratmn' last night I was sthripped of me corporal's sthripe, an' that's a sure sign I'm goin' to get a r^se, for dlirallies always go the contrary, in the opposite of the reverse. Will ye howld yer cryin', agrali. Why ye've made # dishclout of me tunic by yer whitnperin', and now look up iii" rae face an' listen while I'm lalkinV He caught her cheeks in his hands, turned her face full towards his own, and mopped away her tears with his handkerchief. ' ; There, now, Biddy avourneen, an' dhry up, all I'll ask of ye is to sweaij that ye'll be thrue to ine till I come back. Swear now, be tho sun that's goin' down there yon dlier. An* I'll give ye me own affy davy to be alwaysyer own lovin' sojer acnshla macree.' *Arrjb, thin, why wouldn't IP MuHhy alannah ! to be shure I will swear be all the stars in the sky.' 4 Of ooorse ; I knew ve would,5 acd he stooped down and feaJed their mutual vow with a long, loving kiss. ' An' now, I have one more little obligation to put upon ye. Will ye come up here every evening when the sun is gettm' low, an* dhrop a piay^r for yer lovin' sojer. that is far away on ihe field of battle ? It'll be a sort, of protecton for u.e from the treach erous blacks of the desert.' 'Oh, yes; Murthy avick, I'll come an' pray for ye here where we are sir-tin* just the same as if it w as for me own sow], An' O, Murtby : don't stop too lonz away or ye'11 fii d me a dead corpse whin ye come back.' 4 Faith ! ye may be shore the first chance I get I'll make a bee-line back to yerself, me darlin'. An' Father Clithero will be afther makin' us one for ever an' auien. Bat if ye'r false," _ to me, Biddy, me ghost will be here>|£ on the Staboll hill, waitiu' for yey whether I'm dead or nat! So now give we 50 more kisses. Whist, howld on. There's the bugle for the parade ! Come along, avourneen. I haven't a minute. There now! don't ci v. An' when I come back a grand officer ye'11 always be laughin'!' The unsophisticated siucerity of heart displayed by the corporal re assured Bridget, and she brightened up considerably 1 efore they got to the barrack gate. a-here a throng of those nearest and .: ?arest to the war bound regiment was waiting to ac company it to the railway station. At length they were all in line in the barrack square. The colonel rode along the tanks. The in spection was satisfactory. ' Shoulder arms ! Right face' Quick march !' The band struck up the tune that has ech-ed over many a bleeding heart-the tune of ' The girl I leJt-behind me.' And, pouring through the barrack gate, amid an agonised crowd of women and children, the Royal Irish took their i way to the station, amid a tempest of tears, prayers, blessings, and a great cry of 'God speed ye home again. The train guard's shout of 4 stand back!' the signal to ihe driver, a shreak of the engine, and out of a wild moan of sorrow the train sped with its freight of men to death or glory. * * * Poor Bridget! how sadly her heart ached as she watched the fast retreat ing train. Aud it was only when the smoking speck had vanished in the distance, that, sobbing as though her heart would break, dhe turned hn* face homewards. The world now Seemed to her a perfect blank. All she loved best on earth had been rudely swept from her, and God only knew would he ever come back I Corporal Stiggins was her prince of men, and he alone was set like a precious jewel in her loving heart. That night she went to bed and sobbed herself asleep. She dreamed she saw him laying on the field ; she was binding up his wounds, when an Arab sprang upon her. She noke with a start; it was the cat that jumped upon the bed-'twas bad^fc the cat, for Bridget was rather hys^ ical that night. The war dragged Its slow length along. Bridget got only fugitive snatches of intelligence, for the infor mation from the Soudan was disjointed and uncertain, but ever as the weeks and months rolled on, she kept her "faithful vigil on the Staboll-liilL She received two letters from Murtby -they were all: and though they were badly spelled, and worse written, they breathed of that steadiest . devotion which only a soldier feels when he's far removed from the female sex, and marches on to a fate he knows not. f Months had passed away; it was in* the breezy October, and the evenings were beginning- to nip and get freezy t but, true to lu r troth, Bridget muffled herself up, and sped each evening to iler love's devotions. But one evening" her orison was longer than usual, for she had a forboding that something was about to hapfjcn, a premonition of perhaps her soldier's death, she could " - -V V- ; not tell, hot she fc|t extra, super stitions and TUWSSSSgFteble. Slie muroiured. her prayers audibly, and as the last streak of sunset fondl« d w ith her cheek, and illumined the starting tear, she seemed as tho' she were a kneeling Madonna interceding for all humanity- . And so thought Phelini O'fi-afferty. the new sergeant of pol'ce, as he crept along behind the hedge, and had bis eye oil her. At las', he coughed; lie then blew his nose; he was about to intro 'uce himself by a graduated Ifecale of sound. She started to her ffeet as he climbed through the hedge. He pot ji*» I^udodt as he ir to n?C3t her. * Whist, don't bs frightened, me girl, but what in the name of wonders brings ye out so late! Saying yer i praylrs'in the cold, damp grass; Yel%et the rheumatic^ sorra word a lie infr, if ye keep kneeli*1' this way out o^\be damp grass in the perishin mist of|he evenin'.' ^ Jt wm4!>us sympathetically that ^fergeant OlR^fferfcy addressed her, and he reassured her to such an extent, that she tacitly accepted his company along the roajd home. The sergeant was a late importation in the town, and Bridget found him so genial and homely th«t she eonfiled the story of her love and vow to fie sergeant. * Weil, ye muse lie shoe kin' fond of Slim, or ye wouldn't be prayin for him. in the cowld shadows^ilstte evenin. But Til tell you what ril«; do. I'll make it my regular bate t.o .patrol round an' have an eye out whdeyer sayin' yer prayers, for there's n<r knowin' what sinners there's about, an' sure I'll maybe be able to drop an j am^n now an' then to give yer per- ; titions a sort of a finish. The heart of a faithful, devoted woman is easily impressed by sympathy, and Bridget thought that, as it was the duty of the sergeant to watch over the safety of the people, it was prudent and wise to accept this offer. She also accepted it as a special compliment to her absent lover, Cor poral Stiggins. The nest evening, punctual to the time, the sergeant kept his word; he was there, and sat and smoked on the ditch, while the faithful maiden was occupied with her devotions. Nearly a, week passfed over, and ?each evening the se*gcant was true to his appointment. It was on Sunday ereniug, and Bridget was more than usually low- spirited. ' What's the matther, avourneen T inquired the sergeant. ' Oh! I dlireamt last night that Murthy was killed on the field of battle, and I'm sure I must have seen his ghost crrepin out of the room just as I woke !* ' As likely as any,* exclaimed the sergeant, * he'll never come back no more ; an' ?t's mane an' shabby to be thrnstin' his skeleton ia yer bedroom to frighten the liTe out of ye, an^ yer only was tin. yet* time to be pray in for him any more. 4 Oh, don't talk that way, or ye'li brake my heart! 4 Brake what 1 Well, ifye'd brake yer heart for a dead s' jer, it mus» be made of brittle stuff entirely. k>°k here, now, I -didn't come h*Tft sayin' aniens to your prayers for nothin', andftaudin g'lard over ye , the fact is I ve been only laying thr*cks . for mcself. I m «h]fljj^B* fond of ye, so well put a stSpper on this himker-slidin. I'll go to the priest to-morrow, an' knock up a bargain wid him for the wedd n - 4ay. Now, say the wort, an' let me fun ye in for Lfe as Mrs. O Bafferfcy. Why, if Stiggins is even alive, he'll may be come back all in pieces on stumps 0/ crutches. So get off yer marrow bones an' strike a bargain wid yifi at once.' How delightfully innocent and im presssionable a country maiden is! Bridget got up off her knees. ' Well, what in the world put it in your head to give me such a start ?' she ex claimed. 4 Yer takiii me very short, or maybe yer jokin.' 4 0, the divil a joke. It's no joke to get married Bridget- AV we'll be off in the morniti' to the priest for his blessin." * O! bat if Murthy comes back, there'll be holy murdlier.' ?* Arrah, how can he come back, whin the crockydiles of Aigypt have * All! sore -he can't dhrop dead any more. I seen that lie was s ew in the i papers. Jfo", fay the word. I see j l»v the light of yer eye that I won't i lave ye a disappointed man.' The seargent was good looking, jolly, and generosity beamed from his rosy countenance. The situation was tempting for B* idgefc ; why should she weep out her life in vain regret over the bleaching bones of Corporal Stig gin gs in tbe Soudan. She thought of the bird in the h«nd proverb, and the die of Bridget s life was cast that evening 011 the Staboll Hill. 'One more kiss, me darlin', ,cried£tbe captivated servant; 1 I'm the happiest man in the fo»r walls of Ireland! Yer the grandest arrest I ever made, and* the priest will soon be afther giviti ye the life sentence.' * # * Bridget was married, and months passed happily; There was nothing to regret in her marital relations with Sergeant OtRalffrly. But yet at times a memory of Corporal Stiggings wonld fall into her heart, like a stone in an unruffled lake, and crinkles of disturbed thought agitated it. What if he were not killed after all ? What if he should return? She hardly dared to think of it- the possibility was too horrible! The result might be disastrous to all parties. What if his reason gave way, and Castlebar should reek with a deed of love-lorn vengeance! Augh! She turned to her work, sought surcease of thought by industry and sang snatches of old songs to drive away the evil fore pollings. As_time sped on, those re flections eame wiih^more persistent repetition. She was absolutely gifting into unhappiness. She had peculiar and ominous dreams of the Corporal, so strange that she felt convinced that her lover was alive, and the calling to account for her unfaithfulness was an ordeal for which she was badly prepared. Alas! poor Bridget, Alonzo the-Brave was not such a terror to the fair Imogeneas Corporal S'iggirgs was to her. At length the climax: came. One day her husband pulled out a paper, aud read ofjthe collapse of war in the j Soudan ; he read that the Royal Irish ! were already out on the ocean, and ex pected in Castlebar in due course. Bridget staggered and nearly fell into the potato pot, but she canght the e^ge of the dresser, and clung to it for a moment; till the giddiness passed away. * O, PheFitt, wliat'll we do at «l! ? When he hears thai I'm married to you he'll maybe commit murdher an* drown o' shoot himself!' * Ah, howld yer tongue. I towld ye often enough the man was ski we red be Arabs in the Soudan months ago, before we were married, an' lie would't be in a fit state to come ! home now. All don't be worrying about nothin.' an let me have dinner, for I'm in a hurry.' Each day brought new terrors to1 Bridget as she thought of the return of the war-worn troops, She grieved to realise the folly of her faithless conduct. She compared herself with old-world maids she had heard of: other girls who have proved true to their froth, and glraned the reward of , their love's romance. At last the fatal morning dawned-; at least Bridget thought it big with I fatality: not so the Royal Irish, as in j toxicated with the delight of b*ing home once more, they inarched cheer ing |amidst a paeon of welcome from: all the hearts in Castlebar but Bridget*s. She remained at home, not daring to venture out, and yet" it was a foolish fear, for she had not heard Corporal Stiggings was one of the sur vivors. $he kept her house for three days; there was no sign of the Cor poral turning up, and she fe*red to make inquiries. At last shesummoned courage to run. 3cross to her mother's. Perhaps tbe Corporal had been around there, and had heard of the disaster to his life's hope. He had not! Thm be must be dead, she thought. A sympathetic satisfaction came upon her like a narcotic, and she retraced her step*) homeward wi<& her mind mope at ea^e than it had b-*en for months. See was approaching th" foot of StaftoU-faiU; how strange! It was Hie anniversary of her parting from Corporal Stiggings She had almost reached ihc spot where &ioj; recorded their vow of fealty to each, j I olhei-it was almost the very liour - when all at once her heart stood still. A. tidier ste-i-ied f>rv i^e stvle and faced I??r. She iei«: ^.owlug faint and Bta^e'cd. He rushed forward and caught her, or she would of fallen. 4 Bridget,' he c.ied, 4 so you've kept your vow. Ye vvor touiiit', avourneen, to prav forme to-night. Ah, Bridget, I'm a man tbrt wt nte eii the prayers ye can possibly wa« e u*»ou me. She regained her couTge, for stfc per cieved that he h; d not; heard <"»>e story of her faithb FSUC-*. A -e<uled mel ancholy, g looked the 1j?-ow of the soldier--his manner wa? strange after so long and wer«.ry ?n ab^e :ice. She pereievod he had ris- eu t"> the honor of three stripes*; hut he must have b^en suustruek, so strange was his bearing towards her. At length he abruptly, took h*ir by the hand, and flicking away an intrusive tear-* Biddy, avourueen, »ne life is a failure,, an I'm an un For tuns e man. Me feelins are'oo fnl-' ; bat 111 see ye to-morrow eveniV at this hour, just where we met. I've a great throuble at me heart, an' I'm wantin' to tell it to ye. Whist! there's the 11too. I'll have to run.' He stooped to kiss her, but she intuitively shrank from hin». * Is that the way ye thrate me ? Oh, very well! It s j only me luck that's always turnin crooked, but maybe ye'll be more lovin' to-morrow evenin'. Good night.' To sav that Bridget was not-affected . by the meeting would bef*lse; she loved him, and now she pitied him j i with all her heart, for she felt that it | would be the greatest trial of his life ^rtepit-thatjghe had given her hand to another. ^ - _ J She told her husband of her strange j meeting with her old lover, of the assignation for the following evening, and it was arranged that he should accompany her to Staboll and dis abuse the sold er of p.ny further hope by announcing himself as her lawful husl-and. -With what strange misgivings did Bridget accompany her husband on that evening. When they reached the tryeting place, the soldier was already thcr« to receive her. He started %vheu he sa«r the s rgcant, of police. A strange lnif^iv'n^ darkened his brow, as Sergeant ORafferfcy cut the matter short by introducing Bridget as his wife. The soldier reeled with a shock. Then recovering himself, he tottered towa» ds Bridget. * IK this true?' lie murmured, with a strange basilisk glare in his dark eyes. * Yi«, Murlhy Sti gins, it i.< tru#1. I heard ye wor dead, an" so married Sergeant 0'Raff*-rty.' 1 he soldier laughed a wild hysteric laugh, it seemed to Bridget-a laugh of blank desiair; and taking off bis cap, he whirled it round his head, aad thr «w it into the a«r He had evidently been drinking, or gone off > his chump He t ushed forward to the as tonished couple, for now Bridget was clinging to the arm of her husband for safety. * Yer sure yer not tellin* me a lie to frighten me,* be shouted. O ! the devil a lie V exclaimed the s-rgeant, and he squared himself up for the declaration of hostilities he anticipated. * Well, give us the fist,' said Begins. II haven't been so happy in my mind tor the past six months. We're both in the same boat, Mrs. O'Kafferfy. I was married in a wakemoment to an Fgyptian half-breed. She'll be in Castlebar to-morrow, and if she heard that you had any claim on me there would be a couple of sudden funerals in the town. ,Os be the powers ye've taken a very great load off me heart entirely. Come, we'll go down an' have a dh«ink ior luck on the head of it, an' I'll introduce ye to me wile to-morrow.' 