THE REHABILITATIONS' OF BISTORT. ('London Daily Telegraph. J "I do mistake my person all this while Upon my life, she finds, although I cannot, Myself to be a marvellous proper man " Thus soliloquises Shakes- peare's Richard III, fit the close of that extraordinary scene in which he woos and wins the v. idowed Lady Anne, beside the \ery coffin of her murdered husband, and the passage Ins been gi-ueuillj t.ikui foi one of those rallies of impish self mockery in which this most subtly-drawn of Shakespenan \ lilians so frequently indulges Hod it been possible, however, foi the immortal creator of Gloucester to anticipate modern historical research he might have made his simstei hero deiner lura self of much the same reflection m per feet good faith If he really supposed himself, as Shakespeare evidently sug gests in many passages of the piny, to be a miscreant, he mistook Ins disposi tion no less than hib person, and histoiy luther late in the day is following Anne's example She finds him to be "a lrntvellous proper man" in e*ery i elation of life, and calU upon ut>-or] Mr Clements Markham mi ites us m. her name-to him tardy justice "Crookback," according to the theory broached by this \ îvocious and interest- ing essayist in the current number of the English Historical Beuew, was ' straight ' m e\erytlung but Ins bick His moral uprightness was m strong, contrast to his spinal curvature, and it is only contemporary scandal trans mitted aloug the "corridors of time," like a whispering gallery, that has ever represented lum otherwise. It was "all along of" Archbishop Morton, who was the real author of that account of Richard which was attri buted to Sir Thomas More , and the case is the harder because Richard, as Mr Markham points out, hod plenty of opportunities of preventing Morton from circulating scandal about lum or anyone else HostingB was allowed no chance of propagating ill reports of his master, and Richard, it is suggested, committed a fatal error m not treating Morton and Stanley m the same way They richly deserved it, and their mi punity was his rum Gloucester's heart was, as he himself describes, " soft and pitiful " He was " too childish foolish for this world " And who is it supposeJ was the real " villain of the peace," the murderer of the young Princes in the Tower! Who but Henry VTI. ? It was by his direct instigation that these innocent boys were done to death, and liis miserable after-life and premature decease afford conclusive evidence of his having been a victim to the "torturing pangs of remorse." This is certainly a new read- ing of history, which, if it has to be adopted by the Shakespearian scholar, will lead to more extensive modifica- tions of the play than even Colley Cibber permitted to himself. The scene in particular in which the ghosts of Richmond's victims-as we must BOW regard them-"came to my tent, and every one did threat to-morrow's vengeance on the head of Richard" now Richmond-will, perhaps, hare to be cut out altogether. Of course, the two names might be exchanged for each other without doing any violence to the metre ; but it would not bp so easy to prevent the ghosts, in that case, from prophesying victory for the wrong man. Historical whitewashing has been for a good many years past a pretty fami- liar industry ; but we do not remember any previous achievement which is quite so remarkable as this. To ask where it is to stop would, we suppose, be useless; and, indeed, we do not know that in a good many cases we need care whether it stops at all. The ingenious writer who the other day published a defence of Jezebel in a since defunct periodical has probably not succeeded in making many converts to iiis view of that Queen's character. People will probably continue to use her name as typical description of the female villain, just as if nothing had been done to rehabilitate her. Still, we could in any case have parted with the theory of Jezebel's wickedness, holding as we do so strong a card in the person of Ahab. There are coses, however, in which the good or evil character of a historical personage has definitely asso- ciated itself with the picturesque in history, and to redraw the figure or to repaint it in a lighter shade is to spoil the whole composition of the picture. This is emphatically the case wherever the hand of the greatest of all masters has been at work ; and, whatever trans- formations of other historical events and personalities may be effected, we ought really to insist that the " His- tories" of Shakespeare be left alone. King John, we suppose, will be the next subject for the brush of the white wobber. Pet haps he had no designs on Arthur's life, and when he was supposed to be instigating Hubert to the murder of his nephew he was really being personated by his private secietary. Did Macbeth kill Duncan or did Mac duff 1 The Thane of Fife, it will be remembered, ia the first to discover the murder. Who knows that he may not have committed it? He arrhed at Macbeth's castle in the early morning, found the porter drunk, and therefore incapable of noting anything suspicious in his bearing or acts ; and after a short conversation with Macbeth and Lennox, declares that the King had bidden him to call timely on him, and on this plea enters Duncan's chamber, whence he speedily emerges exclaiming, with cries of what may have been merely simulated horror, that the King lias been murdered. There ib not a scintilla of evidence in the earlier scenes of the play to show that Duucun did, in fact, ask Macduff to cull bim early in the morning ; and the whole circumstances of the case are fraught with suspicion against him. Still, we confess that we should greatly regret the promulgation and establishment of the theory that Maoduff' «tu the reen! murderer of the aged King of Scotland,* and that (he good name of his rival hag I rested for au these jean under the] cloud of an unjust accusation. For it would now be too late even for the New I Shakespeare Society to adapt the' tragedy to that revised view of the facts ; and even if they could do so we doubt whether it would be in t their power to make as dramatically interest- ing a figure of the Thane of Fife as the poet has succeeded in making of that of Macbeth. It is to be observed, indeed-and this constitutes our main objection to these re-writings of history-that they are almost always attended with an artistic loss. No one can maintain, we think, that Henry VIII., emerged from the hands of Mr. Froude in a condition as attractive to the lovera of the pic- turesque as that in which the historian found him. As well might we say that a mansion of that Monarch's period loses nothing by receiving the reno- vating attentions of a nineteenth century restorer of the more resolute description. The ancient historian, like the contemporary architect, did at least produce a work which was consistent with itself, and which possessed an indi- viduality of its own; whereas the substitute which we are asked to put up with becomes, in the architectural case, little better than an " eligible modern residence," while, in the historical case, it sinks to the level of that "portraitof a gentleman" which, according to the familiar . but expressive criticism, " might be anybody." " Who, for in- stance, could prefer Professor Beesly'sj Tiberius, that worthy and slightly1 ascetic military veteran, to the gloomy ! and bloody debauchee whom Suetonius has depicted for us in his island harem ? Even when the historical explorer ap-1 proaches his subject with a pitch- kettle j instead of a pot of whitewash-even when he makes it his business to dis- lodge statues instead of setting them up -the result is scarcely satisfactory. We cannot feel grateful to that learned and industrious military writer who set himself to prove a few years ago, that instead of being three parts hero to one of charlatan, Peterborough was an un- mixed impostor-that the dashing warrior and accomplished landscape gardener who, in Pope's magnificent compliment, laid out the poet's garden at Twickenham "almost as quickly as he conquered Spain," was never a con- queror at all, but simply an audacious and unscrupulous appropriater of the conquests and credit of better soldiers than himself. We much prefer the Peterborough of eighteenth century history, or even of eighteenth century legend, and we gain nothing by the later theory which can in the least degree compensate us for the loss of so romantic a figure. Where it is a case of rehabilitating instead of demolish- ing a reputation, there may be morally speaking, more excuse for the attempt ; but we object to it with equal emphasis. Richard III. has been for well-nigh 400 years the accepted model of a wicked king. He has been the "Jbogio man " of our historical annals, and we shall not lightly part with him in that capacity. Such a conception of him adds immensely to the variety and interest of English history ; and, as it must be all one to Richard himself now, and can give .pain to none of his colla- teral descendants at this distance of time to cling to this conception, we absolutely decline to revise it. 