A FINAL RECKONING* •A TALE OF BUSH U F E IN AUSTRALIA. CHAPTEE XnrL—Skttlixg Aocotrsns. ' ByG. A. H HN'TV. Beaben soon checked the speed of his -horse. Anxious as he was to arrive as soon as possible, lie might, for aught he knew, yet have occasion to try the animal to the utmost, and he therefore reduced the almost racing pace at which he 4iad started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up the space without "flagging. Then they woe allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, and then started into the pace, half canter, half gallop, which is the usual rate of progression of the colonial^horses. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Donalds' station, a mile or bo ffi^^ could be perceived. " Thank God," Beuben mattered to himself, am back here at last. There is no occasion for farther hurry," and the horses were allowed \- to go at an easy walk. ••Man pn horseback," Jim suddenly said, touching lieu ben's arm. " Where—where, Jml?" " Gone from de house, sah. trough Htm trees. 3>arehe go again, ne gallop fast." Bwibm had not caught sight of the figure, but he pressed his spurs against the horses sides. " I will Bee who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you ride straight on to the house and say I •shall lie there in a few minutes." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards "the point where his course would probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the -direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in bis mind the thought whether hie anxiety for Kate Ellison wits not a fool of hiin • Why should he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full •speed on Hie track of this figure of which Jim bad caught only a glance? It might be a Btockman or someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to Bee how Donald was getting pn; hot even bo, he told himself, ttoharm was done byhis assuring himself of -that. It was not the way Mr. Backer would take to his station; had it been a neighbour who had come over he would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables would be riding-away in defiance of his orders : on no account to stir any M<**nr** from the "house. Presently he caught a glimpse of the horsem«n. He was not more than half a mile away now, bat the view he obtained was so instantaneous that he could not <Krffn£ni;Kb any particulars. " He is riding fast, anyhow." he said— faster than a man would travel on ordinary business. He is either a messenger sent on Brgent business, or it is Thome." He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travel- Ting must take him ahead of him at the point where Reuben had. calculated upon cutting -off In a short distance he would get a view of liim, for the trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the figure came clear of the trees he was bnt a -quarter of a mSeaway, and Ueaben gave a start, lor he recognised at once the uniform of his own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of anger, Ecuben pressed his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the eame time uttering a loud call. The man glanced back, bnt to Xteoben's surprise, instead of stopping, waved his hand above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Beuben was beside Itfra. " What do yon mean ?" he thundered oat. "Bat the man pointed ahead. " He has carried ofi Mies Ellison, sir, and -lias shot Brown dead. I will tell yon afterwards. There, do yon e&e;, sir, over that brow -there. At the moment Redben saw a figure on horsehack rise against the sky-line fully two miles in /front. " Bide steadily, Smithson," he said: " keep me ia view, and I will keep him. We must overtake in time, for his horse is carrying \- «lnnh1>. I shall push on, for I am better mounted than you are, and he may try to -doaljle and throw ns off his traces. If aay- \- thing happens to me don't stop for a moment, but hunt that fellow down to the end." Reuben had been holding his horee somewhat -in hand during the last mOe, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable's -strange conduct, but he now let him go, and ^zgincr him to his full speed, soon left the constable" behind. He knew that for some dis tance ahead the country was flat end unbroken, . and that the fugitive would have no chance of -concealment which ever way he tamed. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen the bush- Tmngerpass the wide plain opened before him, -and he gave a shout of exultation as he saw that he had ganed considerably. The fngittve, •indeed, had evidently not been pressing: his tLorsa. , ' • " Qe be has {along journey before "Mm," Beriben muttered. "I fanty Wanna -takeu He he's only got a constable after him, and that he caneasily rid himself of lum whenever he comes up to him. No doubt lie learned from some of the .convicts, that •everyone is away, and therefore thinks himself «afe from all jnusuit when once he. has wiped out Smithson. All the better. I shall overtake him all the sooner." . •who kept along at a steady/canter, troi lumeett very lSfie about the aolitary^coiBtLble -whom he bdlijfed to be in pnrsuit of him. •When, indeed,' on glancing round he eaw_that Tjis pursued was within a quarter of ajnito -of him, hB reined in tis horse, and turning, calmly ^ ^ ^ ^ m 6 ( i e c k e d the speed of Ma jKttae. Hfi knew that theman waBeaidtobea deadly shot with his pistol, i»t ne was con- \- fident in Ins own Bkill, far. wah ctmslant -and jagadapos pracSiy, lie had **™"^ * ^aaarvellbBS mo&emCf; wiBi las Weapon. be did not care to prehis^oe.thE. advantoge whichn nonpitting ona «%dy seat peeee/Bses • -Oyer ooe Btting in the suidle of a jgallopng Jk>ree ; hp ttetrfora ' advanced only at a frraik. *Pf° V Arinpir pwt doim the d ^ "'to 1 fear caused ^y Ma reBolutp ehonted: " ' , " look htte, nonstable ^ .ytw had tart tail vbtir hoQ«'a beajd and go boane agam. ixou know w«ll«tMgh that «»%iB«isMbIe «s tete ma yon•mre- toe, and. yoa Jqao^ AflW 1 < : * la'afifiKdy <cbkwcknu of bb that her^body «miplate35r «oreeed his. was enveloped in a shawl which covered-her head as well as her figure. Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with bis. left arm, .while Iris right was free to use a pi»toL Heubeu checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while he thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thome, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with, whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the disfacict. He uttered a savage exclamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. " Oh. it's you, is it F" he said; "I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates ore down o^ you." '.'Your mates wQl never be down on anyone again, Tom Thome," Kenben said sternly. "We have wiped ant seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." • ' " It's a lie!" the bush-ranger said furiously. They are two hundred miles away in the tosh." "With your friend Bobitu, eh? Yes they were, but they are not now, Thome. They are. lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your txeami^; and it's I who am going to have Kelp, not yrn. My men wiQ he tip in a few minutes." and be 1 " round at the consfabte, whom the oof ^aneired for the first time E a mile away. Beaben'e words had the «ffect they were intended to erdte. They filled the boah ranger with foxy and desire for vengeance, While the eight of the approaching constable showed him that unless be took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at onoe. Without a moment's hesitation he set epura to his hor&e; and dashed at Reuben. When within twenty yards be fired. Reuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had been passed across his Thome uttered a shout of exultation «b be saw him start, but, as- he kept his seat, again raised his hand to fire. In an instant. Beuben discharged his pistol, and the bashranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Beaben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden before him hsadlong to the ground Thome drew a pistol with his left band, and the two shots rung out again at al-. most the same instant. Beuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bush-ranger's body, while Thome's pistol was diverted somewhat from its aim, and the bullet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fire!" and then seeing, by, the change in the bushranger's face and by his J collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he waited, still keeping Thome covered with the' muzzlei, for the bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which he otill grasped in his left band. Twice Thome tried to raise it, but in vain. Then he reeled in the saddle, the pistol dropped from his hand, and he fell heavily over on the ground. Beuben at once leaped from his horse and ran to raise Sate Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head be found she was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. "Badly hurt, captainr" he asked as he leaped off his horse, for the blood was streaming down Reuben's face, and his left arm hung useless. " Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in tbe holster; just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I bope she is only stunned: bnt that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well be badly hurt." "Is he done for, captain V* the man a*ked, -glanciiig at the prostrate , figure of the bushranger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's instructions ; " because if you ain't certain about it, I had better put a bullet into him. These follows are fond of playing 'oo∑ and then turning the tables upon you." "There is no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some tame before Kate Ellison opened her eves. For a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes foil npon Beuben's face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. "What is it, Captain Whitney? Are you badly hurt?" " Thank God you have recovered. Miss Ellison. You began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure you I am not much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone." "And vou have saved me again, Captain Whitney?" "Yea. thank God, I have had that good fortune," Reuben said quietly. " and this time for .good, for Tom Thome will never molest you again." "But can't I do something? Your face is bleeding dreadfully. Please let oebind it up," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Beuben's face. The constable took off the black silk handkerchief which he wore round his neck. " I jfcmlr, miss, this will make a Bling for his arm. and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do you think you can ride back, sir?" be asked when be had fastened the handkerchief, "or will you wait till I ride back to the farm and fetch help r" "I can ride well enough," Beuben said, tzying to rise to his feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking bis collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. " K"o, I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." "There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison said: " please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain Whitney tQl you come back." "I think that will be the best way miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode ofi at once. It was an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart; but before he arrived Mr. and Mis. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Beuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. " I did as you told me, Capiain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The constables kept a very sharp look-out, and .one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I bad time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, ' Come along, it'B no use screaming.' Mis. Barker caught up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the bnttend of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, which was lying on the chair clojse by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. X heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was bong carried along on horseback. I was so muffied up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and X made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still insensible, till he put me down, and then—I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not eeem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for bonis. I supposed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were "away with you ; and from the distance you said you were going, I did not think you could foe back for days. Presently I felt him stop and turn bis aorse, and then when be spoke I knew that he bad not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. _ When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could notbe eure, because I could not bear plainly through the ehawl. Thai the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself foiling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." " Ko, I am glad. to saj we succeeded with that part of the wtirfc, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have get one of them a prisoner, but all the rest of the gang exe killed. The distance is not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and two sixties. We attacked them at daybreak tin the third day atterleaving." " But it is only the fourth day to-day, Is it AtleastitseemgBotoine." "It is the fourth day.MSss fillison. When we found that the leader of the-gang m not with them, and I learned from She man we had taken prisoner that he bad started to ride back here twenty- four hoars before, I was naturally; very anxious aboutyou, knowing as I did what desperate actions tpe man was capable ™ot So we^taitedat once, and, after a shatp fij»ht with the hlajdc^1 Wt down in the evening to the waterholet^ty ndleB on our way bafk; where m bad icaibped 0w second night' out. Of ocw»thehocse Iliad pdden could travel no tvrop^thebot^^^divrabid &keu; fnmthe bushrangers,'" abd f&ich; bad'been led so far. We made another forty miles by midnight, ana give tbs'hocEed rest, but th^y were so done up this morning that we could not getJtheia much beyond a footpace. When we came to^he first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped do, and thank God we are just in time." "The tears were-standing in the' girl's eyes, bb -abe laid her hand on hiyandaaid quietly: . , . "Thank yon. Then you have ridaeai a hundred und City miles since yesterday inoming, besides having two fights, and oil because you were uneasy aboat me " I had, as you see. eood reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison" "" \- At this moment a hbrse's boots were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He bad on arriving at the station been nnable . to obtain any information "as to wh^t had takes place, Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker bad just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the constable by the door and tbe disappearance *of Kate showed him what bad taken place, and be at once started after his master. 1 His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Rpuben. and until he met the constable returning be.'had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray tOl half an hour after its conclusion. He ottered exclamations of dismay at seeinghia master's condition, for Reuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support on Ins elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the ahelf before 1 be started, having an eye to his own comforts as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Beaben'e fiask &nd; put it to bis lips. "Thank you, Jim; that is jnst what I wanted." " Mass* lie down ^quiet," Jim said, " no good at up and gathering a lacRe buncb of grass he placed it under Reuben's bead, and Beuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mb and Mre. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her teet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that Bhe could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. * "That's right, my poor chQd," Mrs. Barker said: "a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue." " I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almost a miracle." " Captain Whitney Eeems to spring oat of the ground whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt badly. The constable said it was & broken collar-bone, but it must be something a good deal worse than that." " Oh. don't sav so, Mrs.. Barker, after what he's done for me. If he were to die!" " There, there, don't tremble so, child; we must hope that it is not so bad as that; but he would hardly be looking so bad as be does for! only a broken collar-bone. My husband broke his one day the horse ran away with him among some trees, and be was up ana about again in a day or two. " Is he badly hurt, do you think, John F" she asked her husband who was kneeling besides Beuben. " I hope not," the settler said. " He ought not to be like this only from a wound in the collarbone ; but of course it mayhave glanced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anything—the reaction after a tremendous nervouB excitement." " He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Kate said, " and has had two fights besides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers had escapei he came on by himself." " Oh! they caught the bushrangers, did they r" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I was afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden all the way back, has he P A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a veiy zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the significance of Mr. Barker's tone. "Don't tease her," his wife said in a low voice. " She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah! what is that?" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sah,'' Jim, who was Buppo irting „ his master's head, exclaimed Don't let dat fellow come 'live no longer.' "I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the : fallen "Tbe man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber; but be is harmless now. One cannot wish he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying be mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between tbe " Is itmortaf?" Mrs. Barker asked as be re joined ber- ",Ithinkso,"heeaid; "Ifancy he is shot through tbe lungs." " You must really sit down, Miss Ellison ; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on our bands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah! here comes thecart." The constable bad put a quantity cf straw in "the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Beuben and laid him in it. "We must take the other too," Mr. Barker said; "tbe man is alive, and we can't leave him here." " Yes," Kate said; " he must go too. He did Beuben a great wrong many years ago, hope he will confess it before he dies.' 1 Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used tbe young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Beuben who had been accused of I loisoning 1>A« her father's jnfliAK'o dog, JAI* and of committing <V»mtMlHini?0 a irarglary from his house. " You had better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart; " you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, lock here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak; but before we start 1 must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying no," he persisted as the girl shook her head. " We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't" Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Beuben's face. "Oh, Mr. Barker!" she Baid, "he looks dead. You axe not deceiving me, are you?" " Bless me, no'-" the settler said cheerfully. " My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sudden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome hun, and my opinion is that he is soand asleep." "Jim, do you lead your master'6 horse, while the constable takes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to at things ready. Get a bed up at once for Japtain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other." .. „ . So saying he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to see Kate faint, and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey occupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefully so as not to jolt the cart. Mis. Barker endeavouled to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had 'beard about the expedition, wondering when it^f&uld; return, and whether any of the settlers mire hurt. When they got within half a mile of home Bhe said:— I think, dear, you are looking a little better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last eight for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I wiMget a cup of strong tea ready for ou. That will do wonders " When fiie cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. "Come straight in here, my dear," Mrs. Barker said. " I have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded bero." Beuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the. house, where a bed bad been tnade np for him ia a room on the ground floor. "Just lay bim down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quiet." "Doyou think be is really asleep?*' Mrs. Barker asked ob she looked at the quiet face. " I do, really," her husband replied. "Put your ear close to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly aa a child, and," be added, placing his fiagers on Beuben's wrist, " his pulse Is a little fast, but regular and quiet; twenty-four hours of sleep will eat him np again, unless I am greatly mistaken. Z doa't eacpect tbat this wound will turn oat anything van aerious. Let thmk. .^S^ it ^ afternoon that would bajback again f ' yesterday "Thatis lucky. He loir tw»:*new satitata OB his hands bow. iSTliave a look at that noor wretch In the abed. Bivetne a captnl bf Iwill pear asptxiaMortwo between | bis lips-^Youbad better, and look after Kate. ^ You will sot ba needed bare at present- If t^'a had. •fellow away frtan Mi this wife as be dosed the door behind them; "bat I am really anxious to know wfoat has taken place out in tiie tnufc, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heatd the captain teU thebush-anger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has indeed been a mpst successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney'for having rid -us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the hla&s; have had, we ahalllbe able to deep quietly far months, which is mOce than ire have done fora longtime." ' '• • • ' - v , Kate came out of the 10061 with Mrs. Donald a minute later. Thebann of odd water d tbe tea had the -effetit : Mts; Barker pre dieted. A UtUa colour had > returned into ber and aha looked altogether more like How is be?" Mm. Dotaaldaslced. In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald; hiB poise is quiet"*ad even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, andl believe be is simply in a state of exhaustion, <frppn which he is not likely to wake till to-miirrow morning, and I predict thtftfn** few days te will be and about. Indeed, if that ballet hasn't misbehaved itself, I see no reason why ^ be shouldn't be up to-morrow." "Thatis indeed m relief to ns both," Ma. inaldsaid, while Kate oauld only clasp her nds in aileat thankfulness. " And now, bow is yoor husband? I hfpohe is none the worse for all this exertion." "He was terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald aaid. "I fainted, you know, and he out of bed to help me up, and it was as *hns I could do when f recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and tide after Kate, although, of -course, be is as weak . *s a child, and even with my help be cotild scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before aha started on hocseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as be was m bed I broke down ana cried tQl the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all. the [rgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look at Beuben, having been told all the .circumstances of the case, and be confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that ha ^as really in a deep deep. 1 would not wake him on any account," he said; "itis a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I can't say anything about the wound till he does. Jfow for his antagonist." The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. Tbe surgeon examined his wound. " He is shot through the lungs," he said, " and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for my original patient." H» was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothing draught from the case of mndtfines he carried behind the saddle. " We must gat him off to sleep If we can," he said, "or we shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement' as he has done without paying the penalty. . And . now, I suppose, I have done," he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Yes, I think bo," Mrs. Barker said; " if you had come an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, but I thmk that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her." " Kb wonder ahe is shaken." Mr. Buskin remarked. "Mrs. Barker tells me you had a heavy foil, too, Miss Ellison." " Yes," she replied. " I was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am none the worse for it." " Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, " 1 suppose you will want to be about to-morrow when our brave army returns. Kow there is nothing you can do here. Mis. Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take charge of the house, and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning." " I could not sleep." Kate protested. " Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find you are restless you can come down for an hour or two; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Kow, Mrs. Barker, will you take tbie medicine up and put this young lady to bed." "I bope she-will get off to sleep," Mrs. Barker said when ahe came down-stairs again. "I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr, Buskin replied. "I have given her a very strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than I should think of giving at any other tpne; but after the tension that the poor girl must have gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect. I think you will hear nothing more of her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the sun was well up the " next morning that Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that she had slept all night, but the eastern sun coming in through her window showed her that she had done so. She still felt bruised and shaken all over, but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and went downstairs. " That's right, my dear," Mis. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. " You h>ok bonny and Uke yourself." . ,T-T- 1 al J How are my brother and Captain Whitney ?" Kate asked. "I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Mrs. Barker replied; *' but Captain Whitney has just gone out to tbe shed with my husband and the surgeon." " Gone out to the she!!" Kate repeated in astonishment. " Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast. He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. He asked for water, and then lay for some time quite quiet. Then be said, ' Am I, dreaming, or was it Beuben Whitney I fought with j" ' Yes, it was Captain Beubeu Whitney, our inspector,' the constable replied. " For a tune he lay quiet again, and then said I want to see him.' Tbe constable told him he was asleep and couldn't be woke. • Is he badly wounded?' the man asked. ' I know I hit bim' * Not very badly, I hope,' the constable answered. * When he wakes ask him to come to me,' the man said. * I know I am dying, but I want to see him first. If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in and roused the doctor, who went out and saw him, and said he might live three or four hours yet. Soou af terwaids, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to say that his master was awake. Mr,. Tfjislrin went into bim and examined bis wound and probed the course of tbe bullet. It had lodged down just at the bottom of the shoulder-bone. I am glad to say he was able to get it out. When he had done he told his patient what the bushranger bad said, and Captain Whitney insisted upon going out to him. " It woa't do him any harm, will it f" Kate asked anxiously. " No, my dear, or Mr. Buskin would not have let bim go. I saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over bis face, he looked quite himself again. As I told you, a broken collarbone is a mere nothing, and now we know where the bullet went and have got it out, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here they come again, so you can judge tor yourself." A very few words passed between Beuben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, wbo saw bow nervous me girl was, at onee began to ask bim questions about what the bushranger had eaid. "He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker; which your husband has written down, and Mr. Buskin and Smithson have signed. It is about a vary old story in which I was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification forme to bave it cleared up at last. I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a borglary committed on the premises, and was aojuitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my behalf, I fear," be said with a alight smile, " somewhat illegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my life if it had cot been for Thome's confession. I thought that be did tbe first affair. I knew that he was concerned in the second, although I could not prove It; but be has now made a full confession, saying that he himself poisoned the dog, and confirming the Btorv I told at the <-nap T "Oh, J am gladKate exclaimed. " Yoa know. Captain Whitoey,that_I was sure of your innocence, but I know bow you must have longed for it to be proved to jthewodd. What will you do. Jtr. Barker, to copy of tbft another eppy to tfeft Whitney tells me, is - "Xngposetbapei asked in a low voice. "Beisdyingnow,* Barker eaid. "Raskin tBW sooos when we left him, ani^Ri 1 p»gi tha the end was at haii.^. A quarter bf an hour later the 1 In with the news Oat all was or " Now, Captain Whitney, yotj into rour room and let me bandj shoulder propedy. I hadn't half | before." . f. ; Bat you won't want me to 1 any nonsense of that sort Be * " I would if I thought you' orders; bat as I eee no dance of ] not trouble to giro them. Seriotj think there is any necessity fori always that you will keep i quiet. •! ahaB bandage jsuj your chest, eo there can be no mo shoulder, and when that is done | wfflfceallcjg Beuben tha did of the think you which event of Smithson He then to the back to the was ades{; bating been on guara during tbe night, aad msheda piece of wood under the lateh of f&b; (Uor, eo that it oould not be mised* Haviag lbus securely f i n t f l n m i • « • hnhtd gou£0tbefropt of jhehouse,, and had-apppreafly abot down tbe eoiiBtab|»ih8ce before tbe lattir ^waa aware of his presence. awakennd by the &ot;, tried in " released by Mrs. from tbe stunning blow -which th« bushranger bad struck her. He had then mounted at once an4 followed in pursuit.. 1 ' : In (be afternoonthe party returned from tbe bush, having experienced no further caolestatkm from tha natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, and ia thecoune of a fortnight h« was again able to resume his duties. "The complete destruction of the gang of bushrangers, and the energy wiOi which tbey had been pprsaed into the very heart of the bush countcy, made a "on in the colony on* Beobeu credit and instant promotion for Jilt A month after tbe petum of tbe party from tbe bash Mr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now past, be abandoned his idea of selling bis property. The coarse which events took can be jsdged by tbe following long conversation between Mrs. Donald and her sister three months later. Well, Kate, after all be has done for us, of course I have nothing to say against it, and 1 don't suppose you would mind if I had ; still, I do think you might have done better." X could not have done better," Kate said body, "not if I had had the pick of the whole colony," Well, not in one way. my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think it is a little unfortunate that—we ever Knew him before." "And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate Baid stoutly. " If it hadn't been that he had known ns before and cared for me—he says worshipped, but that's nonsense—ever Bince I was a chud, he would never have made that terrible ride,and I—" "Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it'a all for the best,'* Alice said, philosophically. "At anyrate, you are quite happy, and he is a noble fellow. But I hope for your sake that be won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when be was riding about bunting after, bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of others left in the colony." ' " I told him eo yesterday," Kate said, shyly. " I said, of course, that I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. "You little as if what you say doesn't influence him.' Three weeks later Beuben received a letter frbm Mr. Hudson. "My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you are engaged to be married, and the orcumstanoee which you tell me of make it a moat interesting affair. If I were you I should cut tbe constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it ova: with me. You know I regard you as my son. and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining bis views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what he bad done tbe latter declared that he bad robbed tbe colony ot its best police officer. Beuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense on tbe subject. 4 1 am one ot tbencnestmea in tbe colony, he said, " and it's hard if I can't spend my money as I choose." There is little more to tell. Beuben became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold Us business and returned to England and bought an estate not fax from Liwee, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied from Australia, by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Beuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement is as to which owes most to the other. . [the estd.] 