' , : .. HINEwi ? * ' AN ORIGINAL NB^ ifeSMiftSf , ROMAlMB.y.1 ^ X BY HEMABB TE.gi^K; . ? . i ', Ohambb XXXV. A TRAGEDY. THE EBUPTION. Am, eyea tamed in the direction of the voice., The bearers half-lowered their viotim. Hastening over the ridge be hind them was Boka, the hnnchbaok. She sprang in amongst them, her twisted body shaking with exoite ment. ' ' Taihoa 1' she repeated ; ' wait, my friends.. ? Let the pakeha hear my words. My eyes also mast feast upon him. ? Hear me, O. pakeha I Thou hast been oaaght in the net thy enemy set far thee, and thy death is at hand. So will Te Waata destroy thee, and Hinemoa will remain to be his bride, not thine. Ha, hat Roka, the orooked, will .enter his ' thoughts no .more, j LI b tea to me, for my heart is fall of j joy this night. Boka has seen the *oft-fsoed maiden. This night has sbe ; been with, her.. My words entered . into her soul like a spear. The magic spell came upon her, and her mind . grew dark, dark as these burning j waters.. Light bas departed from her ; she .grovels in the dirt believing her lover is dead. Ha I ha 1 Oh 1 the sweet ' musio of her waitings ; the pleasant sound of her falling tears. Hal ha I hal' and the hideous crea ture danced around the young Eng lishman with frantic gyrations. ' What gayest tbon, proud one, to my tale ?' continued the sybil, bend ing over tbe helpless man, her eyes ablaze with maniac fnry. , Away fromine, infernal hag,' ex claimed- the young man; hie heart nearly buratiugWifch' pain atthe-story of the cruelty perpetrated On his gentle j Hinemoa. ' Would God I were free I for -a few. minutes that I might throttle ; the bated life out of yonr despicable body.' Dog of a pakeba 1 Thus 1 spurn thy pale body. Thus I spit on thee,' cried. the infuriated being, suiting her' action ' toher .words with foot and mouth. 'Away -with the son of a hated race I . Let the death-lake olaim its viotim. Away with liim, away, away, away 1 1 ' and sbe bounded off towards Te Waata, shrifking' forth her impre cations asshe went. - ' What hast thou done to Hine- ' moa ? ' demanded the chief sternly. ~ *JComgletethy work, and do it; quickly ; then learn the rest when all is - finished,' ehe answered, with a ; ferocious, authoritative gesture. ' Be- ' wjm-a' fthnii.alAnJn'f TUmtll nf Unbft.' ' Te .Waata turned from -lier angrily. ?; He - told' the ' hearera -toiake opthe pakeha once'again.' Tiie two ranka : continued the interrupted danoe and*' insulting soug. '---V- '?'?;'? Again Hugh clonohedhis teeth and prepared, himself for a cruel ' death so long delayed ; hie 'mind dwelling with greater . teudernPBSon Hinemoa. ? The' fatal signal waB awaited, Boka and Te Waata stood Bide by side, oh ' the brink of the Blaok Pool. All was - ready for the immolation of tfie help- : less prisoner. The chief was about to raise his band ; ' another moment and -? they , would be gating on tlie Agonised : ^ Btruggles of the pakeha.7 Te Waata'e arm was lifted, and the hearers swayed forward to r un. The command, how- ; ever, oame not. Tbe' uplifted arm fell again quiokly, and Te Waata bent bis j head in an attitude of ? sudden alarm. | What sound ie thftt1? It grows more ? distinct. All hear it now.' Itgr'owsJ deeper, and. louder, and, with the* rapidity of .thought, is .intensified into a deep roar.' sTbe bearers in^dismay half-drop Hngh to the ground. The roar rnehes onward, ia near, then;is upon them, * TUe^ground' heaves and : cracks. . .Hugh is dropped and falls to thegro.nnd iuasittiug position.- :Tbe bearers, - all Jbis late . J tormentors, are; panic-stricken. :: With . cries of' terror they.jturn .from the: lake and flee from the: .spot, leaving their prisoner behind them. ?-.. - ? ? . Butiwhat dosB Hugh.see? ? What is ' tbe. fearful spectacle - that. Rivets bis attention and makes him shudder at the, horror of it ? ' Tbe earthquake tore away the frail earth-crust that encompassed thelake. Ths .projection ou\whichthe wretched chief iiud .his .accomplice stood, - .and : from whiohtheyhoped to gloat onthe -white man's .tortures, collapsed. -The' blaok^angrywaters, loused, into fury by, .the: earth's disturbanes, -reared upwards and fell upon the wioked pair. .Boka.staggered.and straggled to main- . tain: a foothold, olatohedifrantically at Te Waata.ahd .dragged hitn down wards. .i.sWitb piercingly ells of awful : iarror&nd; agony, .both JfelLback; -into, the boiling, merciless,: ;lio table; ele-, ment. - A few. frantic struggles, :a'last despalring^ryfrom-eaohi^hetlflesh' fell^jvayfrotn ?m. disappBb^d&r;»v|^.-^atl-?the'eur-'' iace^bei&pl; of Beatii, y v ' v tut hisenemSe8iWfite th6isacrifioe;j ? -iSickenofl and hprrifiedtby.theawful ? ?ight&iaBtiflSdt; with ^hfr i]bomin'aWe . dreadfnllake ;= oVewome hy .the- pro- ; longed tension son his nervous system, . fromtbe mental and , physical suffer ings,:-HMghiaank.t()ithe!grouudLlost'to : consciousness. Bnttbeedgea- of: the lake still crumbled ! 'away. The insatiable ? watersadvanced uponiiim to claim a further oblation. *,-? . ?' 9 'V': TheiV4ijMr,j35toftpherouB,i fyolcanio' . cruBtJc0ctinued 4b'!igive;' way^ ,:Thei pollut^/tTeirsomei tfaters ptill iwpt': on to^ardp tliS iihcopBoiouB Hugh'tjU - . they nearly : tonchsd ^ !.r®he,' . moments ' ' flew vl-£--fwitb - jpcredible velooity ; a&other; miiinte'.-iind ^he' gallant young man-wohld.fall beneath tbe dey.onriug .blaok Kvavos. Bat- sUO cour waBjat.haUd. Kiud -hearta and strong hands were near. - '???-?; V FaorH and his party made -pos- * sible speed to: reaohithd ' Black Pool. According to. Bopata'e joformation he expeptptl itojhe^ ^8n; fiin#aKoj' oyjrt:. thei catastropiie .to Hugh.' : A quarter of.a mile from the nr«ird place tliey were' oyorJaken- hy Matini andBopativ.-:-''-^ ? r — Tbe jiistsnt' the ypung Waik«to heard pf the great danger bis beloved maeter vras in, he sprang on Eopata's: horse behiu8 the lSd,' flnd urged - the 1 t^v animal back towards the soene ^dptrage. 1 t!'|Haere I Paora, haere t (hasten I)' 4le iried to that chief in undisguised ^tribulation. ' We shall not save him, -my greatest friend.' ' ' Speak hot,' replied Paora. ' Keep thy heart firm and let not onr feet find grass. Come, hasten on.' As they drew nearer they heard the snappish ' Haw-haw ' of the fanatioal rebels. Then they knew they were at 'their devilieh work. The thought gave them fresh energy and they dashed on. Suddenly there was. a lull. Alas 1 tbey cried, it is all over.; they are too late. Matini groaned. With a cry for vengeanoe he flew ahead. There 1 they are at it again. Now it is, the shrill voioe of a woman ; and they hear nhat her words imply. A few more steps and they reached the low ridge enclosing the lake. Another ruBh aud the rescuers were on the top of the Bilioeous Band-hills, . the whole soene being enacted around the lake was before them. ^ Exaotly. at. this moment the earth quake, buret upon them, and made eaoh party pause — those in the basin below at their horrible work — those abeve whose wrathful eyes were on tbem. Then followed, tbe flight of the terrified oonspirators, and as they sprang over the ridge their naked, dusky forme were ueized by the men who had been seeking them all day. Tbe. terrible fate of Te Waata aud Boka, whoae death-ories pieroed their ears, the rapidly crumbliug earth and the encroaching calescent waters upon the motionless form of Hugh, all paesed before tbe eyes of the horrified spectators in a single moment. Matini, with Paora and Bopata olose behind him, tore, over the shak ing ground towards the prostrate man. He was dead. They are too late to save his life... The inhuman wretches had tortured him to death. . So they thought as they raised him. They ; would however save his ' body .from the angry, lurid waters, clutching at his feet to tear liirn from their grasp. ' Tbe ground heaved and began to yield to their weight. Bat they bore off their burden in safety over the ridge and laid him down on tbe ground, out of sight, out of hearing, and out of reaob of the revolting Blaok Pool of Death. They severed the flax that boand his arms and feet, and rubbed his limbs to restore circulation. They took off their own garments to cover tbe naked body of Hugh. But the Enghsman's . natural vigour soon asserted itself. Boon his eyes opened and he .looked 'around him, in be wilderment. Then the dreadful scene came back to him, and he jumped to hisfeet, 'Ah! Paora, Matini,' he ex-, claimed; 'then you have saved me, dear friends* . Bopata, - too. Good boy l it was you gave the alarm, eh ? ' Tben they told him- how the boy had followed his captors and over heard their plans. ' Where are those wretobed men ? Where is Te Waata ? ' he asked. ' Ah l yos, I remember it all. Oh I it Was horrible.' . ' Tank God, boss, you all safe,' said Matini, feelingly. ' I like give, those black debil-fellers something for all dis to you, my hoss. - Never,. mind, dat dam rasoal Te Waata oil squash up now, no blooinin fear 'bout dat.'. ' Poor wiretob I and that unhappy tyoman too. Hat hark I what is tbat awful sound?' Hugh suddenly ex claimed. 'It is snrely another earth-, quake like the last that so opportunely came to 'my aid, only a worse one.. No ! By Jove ! Look «t that! ' ' What was it they saw ?' What was that fearful din'/. They -were spell bound and -rooted to the spot ; they gazed opeo-montbed in wonder and terror at the awful spebtaole. . All these events, s'ueoeeded each other in less time than it takes to de scribe them. ' i The earthquake, the flight and cap turp of the Hauliaus,the ^subsidence of tbe floating crust of earth into - the lake, the dreadful death, of. Te Waata and Boka, : the rescue and revival of Hugh, all followed each other in such rapid suocesBipn within . a very brief space, of time, ' iTlie oaajUationof the gronnd never ceased. ,Thp earth was in a state of violent' perturbajioh. There was a oontinued ruinblipg in the air, and, a rattling of the distant hills as though they Were being, shaken asunder. ,. \-- -To. the s dperatitiouB, .natives it :was .all ijtterly iuoomprehensible. . ..The. oowering Hauhaus regarded the' viei tation as a manifestation of the anger of tl^e gods on their misdeeds. There . was no record of euoh .an experience, neither in their time nor in the old time ipf their anceBtpra.. \- ' The. osoillatiqi) ceased, only to be detpnatiope r^tijindprs.', olamktion he pointed ;to .a stnpehdoust:: Urre^l^Bsible iemSBio^ j'of . flaming ]S^e: :-(hat shot up Wifh marveilpus' rapidity: to au enormoua height. 'The^ fao^.of, the. earth, every hole, furrow, and rook, 'every eorub a,nd tree aa-far aailie eye could see, was instantly lit. up' with $ ' brilliant ruddy glare more, ipowetful than the light of day.. Eypry ' line; on the oountenanee of 'each jone in that teirifiedgronp'was visible under . -the momentary . dazzling , blaze, . ;'^Cbe gods are. sepding forth their , ^evonring fir^s npon ! iho earthi', ,de^~ olared Paora jn .a t^mbling yoioe. * It k a .volcano, that has 'broken .-ont 'somewhere' nBar Botoniabana,' obBe'ryecl Hugh'. j-V'VBy ;-gum!^iosi,, it' is dat gr'eat^ Tarawera monntaip where we e'oe the old tohunga gb in,' suggested Matini. ?Hugh remembered the old priest's words, prophetio warnings^ and mya terious appearance in the epeotre eanoe. ^ There, was no timp or opportunity ftp -speculate on the cause .or slotual ' 'looale of the fearful scene.' -, ^ire and ttmokc belched up.wards'ih .vast mftsses aud apparently in several ploaes at'onoe. The earth tossed and .neayed; under them, deafening roars from'Eotomabana ;6pnti&ued4i-; inten-. fitty. : 'iflie atr was filled * with eleo- ' .itaicity '\rbioh : played around them in , vivid, eccentric evolutions at all paints 1 of the oompass ; suffooating fumes of 1 sulphur pouted down upon them. . 1 As soon as tbo first feeling of panio ! left them, everyone thought of their ] homes, wives, and piooaninies. . Olose i rank was formed and they hastened to ! make their way back to the settle- 1 ment.. Chapter . XXXVI. - . DEATH OP TOHUTB. The brilliant illumination from the 1 huge voloanio flames was suooeeded 1 by intense darkness. An impenetrable ' oloud, high in spaoe, crowned the livid 1 mass, and then began gradually to 1 spread over tbe heavens, preoisely as ' did the one the younger Pliny de- ' scribes he saw during the eruption of ' Mount Vesuvius in his day. ' Presently oinders and fine voloanio ' dust began to fall about them in one continuous shower. The hot ashes ' fell on the bare bodies of the hauhaus ! and their oooasional yells proved the j pain they suffered. The naked feet.of ; the whole party trod on them ; their ' throatB and nosttils were filled with the impalpable powder. Their pro- [ gress homewards was difficult and ! slow. Then they ehoountered other 1 dangers. The earthquake had set J free new subterranean fountains, and innumerable Bpriugs of boiling water in all directions obstructed tlieir.pa£h. 1 Ab they approaohed the settlement tbe cries and lamentations of women and children were heard issuing out of the darkness. Great was the joy on both sides as they found all safe and ; well. The poople oamped on high ground till morning. Hugh went to bis own quarters and donned another suit of clothes. He anxionsly ques- ' tioned Matini respecting Hinemoa, and was gratified to learn that' up to the time Matini last saw her on that 1 eventful night sh& was well. Alas I , Matini did not know what evil work bad been wrought on the tender girl ' sinoe he left her, as he thought, in ; security. He bad not seen tbe wioked eyes watohing him, and waiting for : bim to leave his charge and make the ; road olear to effect a sinister purpose. Hugh was impatient to be with bis , betrothed; he could picture the state of alarm in her home. He longed to be -at her side to shelter her and oalm her fears with his presence. He anxiously awaited tbe approach of daylight to hasten to Te Ngae over the now dangerous ground. Fate sent him back to her without the long separation they had resigned them selves to. The extraordinary train of circumstances surrounding bis en forced return so soon after their leave taking was, no doubt, terrible and more grievous than twelve months of unmomentouB absence. He would be with bis darling ere another hour passed, and he would not leave her again. They sheald be united never to' part again. He would clasp the loving, beautiful girl to his heart and there give her a haven of love, undis turbed by dread of savage, designing hatred; Thus' we leave for a time the ardent lover waiting with curbed impatience for the morning light, though tbe mountain still vomited its fire, stones, and ashes, and volumes of steam poured upwards fifty thousand feet. * T * * * Whence had come this awful, mad dening disturbance ? Where was the seat of this terrible physical warfare ? We will show its actual looale, and de scribe the desolation, destruction, and death of the eruption, by taking the reader back over the same gronnd travelled ove.r ia -a former chapter. . When morning .succeeded the night of. horrors a dim, uncertain light came over Brotorua. . The thunders still roared, the whole eastern sky was one dense mass of black, smoke, whioh obscured the sun. As day advanced and the light grew stronger it was . seen that the entire .ooantry, uplands and valleys, was oovered with a pale grey mantle resembling a fall of dirty snow. . .We approaob the seat .of disturbs ance and; find onraelves at Wairoa. Alas ! what a transformation J Tbe plaoe so lately full of life . was now a barren desolation. Dwellings, green \- cultivations, laughing brooks, -wooded hills,, were no longer seen ; all were;: gone. The. place, where » few days' .before had ^ been mourning and. tbe burial of a departed ohief of tbe. settle ment, was. itself now wholly . buried out of mortal ; sight, like Pompeii of old, beneath many, feet of liquid volcanic . mud. The forest was levelled with the weight and mass of fallen matter1; every creek was . choked .up, every hill was disfigured. . The inhabitants— where were they ? 'Cruabed beneath the .awful-deposits suddenly overwhelmed in the . dead oi night, r :'v; Qh l tbe terrors of that blaok Jiour .£0 tbe .unBuapeoting beinga. ; 'V The terror- stricken people had seen .tbe,tn^le;orowned;Tacawera:^addenly ' j burBt forth into a flood of fiery flames, .invading the very heavenB with Hb- : awfjil. flritiUejry. .. And :;:it e?emed -a8 , \- though the' gage of battle'tbrown , out by the mountain had been taken np, and its tenrific discharges were met by ? roars of deepening thunders, flaBb after flash of foiked; lightnings, from tbp i powers of the air. ' It grew blaak with an Egyptian darkness.' Then fell .upon ' ttie .doomed heada of .the tnmbling'. population thiok showers of flre-balls,. . torrents ofrooks fcnd : ashes,: folio wed at .tho same instant by a deluge pf lava ,and liquid mud; ? . ,? . , - - 'J, The .^ootobi 'host ;0f . the. hotel pre-, . served a oool head and his presebce of mind. . ,Witb: a.few other brave hearts he.performed many acts of heroism in saving, lives and oondaoting many out of reach of tbe deadly downpour. Eventually the survivors pioked their way through untold dangers, foroed a passage through the Tikitapu ! bush And escaped to .Botorua, where they told their fearful tale. . ; ^ . Ab 1. the Tikitapu bash, that obarm ing sylvan; glade ,of:; exquisite, loveli- - he8S wbioh we admired so muoh only three. da;e jbofore I What .of .it ? Beaten down by a ruthless band, all ita -'arboreal adornments gone, torn; . shattered. iimb from limb; and buried in tbe grey mud. Nothing . remained but a few: bare. jagged trpnke of its .'once.majesl^ ysgetation. : '^hat also i^jtsjtwui companion ittHt^autyj.thfi lake, that sheet of bright blue, gem of nature's own setting ? It lay in sor row and in tatters, like a disfigured belle, a dethroned quecu of faBbion. [t was now a great pond of dirty, muddy wafer, all its beauty vanished. Let us draw yet nearer to the voloanio centre. Moura and Te Ariki, tbe two native villages on the route to Botomahana, had totally disappeared. Not a veB tige of either remained, not a living soul of their simple, arcadian inhabit- ] ants survived to tell the story of that awful night. Beneath twenty feet of ! mud and asheB they lay, sleepiug their everlasting sleep, never more tube dis turbed by friend or foB On this living earth. They bad been oruBhed out of mortal existence in the twinkling of an eye, and were now far from tbe reach of man. Botomahana, the weird lake with all. its surrounding wonders I What had beoome of it ? It had yielded up its waters, all its fascinatione, to the I hidden powers of the earth, to the roraoious demands and fury of mighty Foroes whioh have their empire in oavernous depths. Lake, terraoes with their delioate fretwork, marvel lous traoeries, and soft seduotions, all bad been blown into tbe air. In their place was a stupendous oavity of mnd and thousands of little voloanio coneB ejeotiug lava and ashes. Truly it was a fearful - transformation I Beauty turned to horror I From Botomahana to the orater of Tarawera was a terrible yawning gulf, a fissure, wide and deep, three miles in length. Botomahana and Tarawera had quarrelled. Tarawera, sullen and silent, from whom no sound had ever prooeeded, whose voice had not before been heard ; forbidding moun tain, abode of spirits of the dead, it had risen in its might, rushed npon Botomahana and hurled it into space. Tbe furious monntain bad left its trail, out deep in its sides from its lofty summit, to the vanished lake. It had spat its anger and passion over five hundred miles of country, Bend ing desolation, death, and horror in its train I This then was tbe fulfilment of Tohntu's curse. What oonneotiou was there between this terrible oatas trophe and the mystical appearance of the phantom canoe ? Was the old tohunga the sole depository of the powers of magic onoe possessed by tbe supplanted priesthood ? Had he fol lowed up his impreoations by visit ing in spirit the saored moun tain ? Had be accompanied the ghosts of departed representatives of the ooeult art, . to prepare the execution of bis anathemas, when he and tbe speotral crew vanished in to the cliff before the eyes of Hugb and his party ? Who can tell ; what answers can we give to these questions? Is the field of buman philosophy so oompleietbat„we can claim oertain and absolute knowledge of such prob lems ? Finally, what of old Tohutu him self ? Bescue parties came promptly to Wairoa, and were aotive in their search for the entombed villagers. Three days after they began their humane work, they alighted upon the wretched little hut of the equally wretohed- lookiag antique pieoe of mortality, tbe tobunga. His hot was intact, and inside, wrapped in his blanket, squatting on the bare floor, calmly smoking his dirty clay pipe, was Tohutu alive, seemingly none the worse for his long interment. Tbe rescuers took biih put into open air, but he resented their approach and good intentions. ' ? . ' Ugh I Ugh I ' he snarled at them ; ' why do you not leave me ? My work ie done, my time is come. I am very old, and I wish to die. Ugh ! ugh t ugh 1 The old race is dead and the stranger has taken possession for ever. Let me die. Ugh ! ugh 1 ' Thus protested he. At first he re fused food, but eventually yielded to repeated persuasions, ate heartily, and was oomfortably lodged. He was tbe wonder'of the whole country. Three days after his resurrection from tbe mnd be died. Tohutu, last of tbe anoient order of tohungas, was gathered to his fathers,, and with him perished the' mystery of tbe spectre canoe. Ohaptbb xxxvn. BOO. VISITS HINEMOA. . Hinemoa eat alone in her grandfather's garden .in- the dupb of the evening. She was lost in the sweet meditations of a maiden, -no.'longer fancy free, but whose heart was bound by love's .chains and. whose lover, was absent from ber side though ever present in her! miqd. \- ''Her light-hearted couein, Erena, and Matina had been w^th her enjoy ing. a quiet pleasant chat, almost wholly devoted to the. absent pakeba. In faot, tW'piinentof their..thpaglits, dictated by love anil &ffectioiij; was Centered , n'ppn .Hugh, his excellent iqualitipB, and his, great love for Hine moa. .' v.- ' - .The sunset was again. wonderfully' brilliant: If anything tbe lurid glare was;, more intense and the enoarmined glow of the sky. moris expansive and. vivid than' on the previous night. The sun : sank beneath, an, ^ensanguined ooeaVafe though the , life-blood of the nniverse had burst its floftd-gatea, and was about to overwhelm, the earth in one r vast- crjmson. : jdeluge., ? The heavenly illumination : retired; -. before; the bteepipg darkness of night, leav ing hut & Bof t, faint light behind it. . . . Matini,' .i^i(bful to .his master'-s charge, parted from the gentle -girl, as he tbougl^t, .safe for the night, and also from his o'wn Erena,;ta retire to his. own lodgings at the mission station. Erena had enterpd the house, leavinghercouaihaloQein communion with ber own thoughts. ? Hinemoa sat, thinking of Hai.,. A .day bad passed sinoe Bhe last saw his faoe and listened to. his words of love. He was now, so ehe pictured . him in her imagination, far on his road to the south, and no doubt resting for tbe night' in some^snng camp hy the way Bide. . She breathed .. a prayer to .the good Spirit above for the .safety of her beloved. Perhaps she was the sub ject of hie . dreams,, giving joy to his slumbers. Every word be had tittered,: every Endearment and.earess'he hadhpt. stowed upon her, all tbe plans he bad formed for .their future happiness, oame fresh on her memory. She remembered every look he had given ber Binoe they first met by the dismal Black Lake, though tbe very thought ot that pool of horror made her blood run cold, she knew not why. She reoalled his manly appearanoe at the oouncil, the pleasures of their excur sions to tho island, and his declaration of love. All their happy meetings, every scene they had gone through together in joy and sorrow sinoe biB stay in Botorua, passed before hor again and again. Her beautiful coun tenanoe lit up with the calm reflec tions of her pure mind and the porfeot sincerity of her living faitb in tbe noble lover of her ohoioe and all be had ever told her, while her bosom heaved with an ecstacy of innocent delight at eaoh rehearsal. Her heart swelled with passionate love for her gentle Hui. At tbiB mo ment no fear nor any sensation of danger, no thought of Te Waata or other evils, came into ber mind to alloy the sweetness of her dreams of love. Her heart was full and it was Hui that filled every little oorner of it. No other, good. or bad, bad a plane beside him in that holy tabernaole. Sbe oounted every hour, every pre cious moment as tbey dragged along, wbiob would bring him baok to ber onoe more aud for ever; when she would throw herself on bis gallant breaBt and oall bim husband — her handsome pakeba. Thus Hinemoa mused on. Tbe lovely girl sat watching tbe pale glim mer on the lake in tbe peaceful soli tude of the evening. She. was lost in abstraction, separated from tbe im mediate things of the world in the mental enjoyment of her heart's con templations. Alas I Hinemoa, beauti ful and gentle ; it was the calm before the tempest. ' Ah 1 girl, art thou dreaming 1 ' I asked a grating voioe olose to her ear. The startled girl, suddenly aroused out of dreamland, sprang to ber feet and found herself confronted with the stunted figure of Boka, tbe witob of Tikitere. The shook of thin unexpected appa rition was very great on the naturally delicate nerves of Hinemoa. The puls ation of her heart seemed to oease and every drop of blood fled from her obesks. She trembled in every limb, and for a time absolutely lost the power of speech. This sudden intru sion on her retirement and tbe bappy companionship of ber own heart, was like an evil omen, a hidden rook on the smooth : service of her sea of joy on whioh she bad struok and would be mode shipwreck. She looked towards the cottage as if sbe would fly from the creature's presence ; but her strength had deserted ber. ' Three timeB have I spoken to thee and thou doat not heed,' snapped the -hunchback. ' I heard you but the one time,' said Hinemoa, in a faint voioe. ' What do you want of me, Boka ? ' ' Thou art but a little fool. Thou hast not the heart of thy raoe. Dream ing always ; . dreaming only of thy pale-face lover. Thou hast no eyes nor ears for aught else.' So spoke the deformed thing, viciously. ' It is trae I was thinking of my brave pakeha who will soon make me his wife,' replied Hinemoa, gently. ' His wife 1 ' hisBed the creature ; ' dost think because thou baBt a pretty faoe that a great rangatira of the pale-faoee will wed thee ? He would but make thee his toy, girl.' ' Woman,' said the maiden, with dignity, resenting Boka's vile insinu ation; ' you do not know what you are saying. I oare not to discuss this matter with you.' ' Thou shalt never be his wife, proud girl,' the hunohbaok answered. ' My ourse is npon thee ; thou wilt never look again on the face of the pakeha.1' ' I oannot understand you,' oried Hinemoa, with a quaking fear again rising in her heart. ' Why is your mind dark towards me ? I have never done you harm by word- or deed;' 'I bate thee, girl,' replied the wretobed. creature, with eyes ablaze ; ' I bate thy beauty ; I hate tbee be eause. thou, art straight and I am orooked. I hate thee because all the people love thee aud turn away from me; I hate tbee beoauee Te Waata does seek thee.' ' I am innocent of all cause for such passion, Boka,' meekly replied the tender-hearted maiden.- ' It ie your poor Imagination ' playing you false. . What is Te Waata to ine ? I think not of him.' '-But he thinks of thee,' retorted the witoh with a hiss. Thenbdvanoing oloser to her beautiful rival in a menac ing manner, she grasped her tightly by ?the arm and spoke with deadly spite to the alarmed girl ' I tell thee, thou baby-faoe, that thou shalt never again see the pakeha;- Even now he is in the power of Te Waata.' _ ' ?'0h1 whfct mean yon ,? Boki?' oried ' the girl in- affright, tears starting to her eyes. '' Your words are very dark to me. What do you mean ?' ' Ha, ha I girl,' said the creature, with a low laugh of exultation, her faoe horrible with passionate .hatred. ' Ha, ha I girl, I bring tbee now to thy knees. Hast thou forgotten the power I possess, or what the tohunga told , thee and thy great lover? Oh I Oh I the time has oome and the ourse is near its accomplishment. The gods wUl now show their might and- tbe pakeha will be out off for ever.' ' ' . ' Ob i what has happened ? tell me what has happened,' pleaded Hine jmea, almost beside herself with all the old fears' rushing in upon her at the hunchbaok's words. 'Where is tbe pakeha ? Let me oall Hprii my father, and Matini.' ' SUenoe, girl,' commanded Boka, tightening ber hold on the girl's arm. Then with a savage oruelty, aB a oat worries its prey before despatching it, the now maddened sorceress con tinued her devilish work on the tender sensibilitieB of her viotim. - ' Tea 1 it. is the ourss. Ab I what io I see ? Te Waata - has thy brave lover in his grasp, bound , hand and foot. They ^te gathered at the boil ing Lake ofrDoath; They.danoe and phout an joy, Ihey approaob at the edge of the impatient waters. Tbey lift the pakeba aloft. One moment moro and he iB thrown into tbe black pool. Tbe waters rush upon him to devour him ; they tear the white fieBb from Uim and it falls away in strips from bis bones. Ab I it is a rare sight I Ah I Ah l that is the end of thy lovor ; suob is his fato. Ha I ha I ha I I must hasten to feast my eyes on tbo sight.' Tbe horrible creaturo oaBt Hino moa's arm from her and moved from her side. Tben sbe Btood and looked at tbe girl, ber ovil eyoB gloating on her own handiwork. Hinemoa stood like one petrified as tbo ghaBtly story fell from tbe lips of tbe orael woman. Her great eyes wore dilated to twioo tbe size by tbo horror of it, and were fixed in one long steady stare on tbe malioious oountenanoe of her unwelcome visitor. Her tongue seemed to oleave to tbe roof of her mouth and doprivod hor of the power of artioulation. Her limbs ber whole body, boon me rigid, and ber brain reeled with a rush of blood. Tben ' Bhe grow numb with oold. Her reason staggered under tbe ebook. Oh 1 wbat a fearful death for her noble, generous Hui ; what a terrible transition from her bappy dreams of love I It could not be true. Bhe would ask Boka if it were only a horrid invention to give her pain. Surely ber pakeha was safe. But tbe fiend's cruel, fieroe oyos were cast on ber mockingly, and she could not apoak. Ab 1 there was the ourse of Tohutu, tbo dreadful ourae. Wbat did it ail mean 1 The blood-red skies ; the Bpeotre. Yes I fiends and demons were orowding around her. Was there none to help ? Whero were tbe tbe good Hori, Ereua, Matini? Ob, Hui, Hui I Such was the torrent of thoughts that rushed into tbe mind of tbe dietrsoted Hinemoa. ' Ha 1 ha I' oame from the inoar nate hag, who had been watohing tbe unhappy maiden's agouy. ' Thou ebalt never more see tbe pakeba. I have told you bis fate, and thus do I serve tbee and avenge myself.' And with this last tbruet tbo creaturo dis appeared in tbe darkness. Hinemoa threw ber arms above ber, then olasping ber hands to ber bead and looking upward to heaven, gave one piercing ory and fell prostrate to the ground. ' Ha 1 ha I ba I ' was tho mooking laughter that issued from the doptb of tbe night. They lifted ber up tenderly, hor grandfather, Hen6, and Erena, who bad rushed out at the Bound of ber despairing shriek, and carried her inside. They first thought ehe was dead, so rigid was her form, so deathly ber beautiful features. They assidu ously plied every remedy to restore animation. At length there was a slight fluttering of the eyelids and a gentle heaving of tho bosom. Then her lovely eyes slowly opened aud a heavy sigh escaped from her. They raised up ber bead aud Bpoke sooth ingly to her. Tbey asked her what had occurred, what had frightened her ? But no reply came from her except sad moans. Sbo looked around her wildly, shrank and shuddered as if sbe saw some fearful object. Sbe clung first to one, then to another, like an affrighted ohild awakened from a nightmare, and sobbed as though ber heart would break. They mingled their tears with hers, for tbey were overwhelmed with the sight of ber distress and agony, wbioh was all a mystery to tbem. They could not divine wbat could have taken place in so short a time to throw ber into tbe alarming state tbey bad found her in. Presently she seemed a little more rational. She rose and threw herself with a ory into the arms of the venerable teaober. ' Drive her away,' she pleaded, ' let me not look on her ornel eyes 1' {To be concluded.) Dr. Guthrie, in his autobiography, describes an odd obaraoter among bis Scottish oountry parishioners at Arbir lot, ' who died as be had lived, a curi ous mixture of benevolenoe and folly.' Tbe lawyer who drew up his will, after writing down several legacies — £GOO to one person, £1000 to another, and eo on — at last said, ' But, Mr. ? , I don't believe you have all that money to leave.' ' Oh,' was tbe reply, ' I ken that aB well as you, but I just want to show them my good-will.' The Preacher's Magazine declares that the hard-and- fast three years' limit which onoe suited .the oiroum stances of the Methodist preaobers and people haB now become, in very many oases, a hindranoe to tbe work of God. One of the most serious objections to the itinerant system is that it prevents the ablest preaobers from eeeking to , spend, tbeir life's , best foroes upon tbe work of tbe preaoher and the pastor. One of- : the probably -unexpected j results of the Triple Allian'oe has been a marked ? revival bf interest in tbe lyric drama of Italy on the part of the people: of the Prussian capital. The ' Oavalleria Busticana' of that rising young composer Masoagai, has achieved a brilliant success in Berlin, where hia ' L'Ami Fritz ' founded upon the well-known story of Erck mann-Chatrian, is about to he pro duced for the first time. The super intendent of the court theatres in that city has also sent an agent to Borne to witness the first performance of ' Spartaous,' an opera by another young oomposer named Platania. Should it be suooessful, it will be im mediately secured for Berlin. It is 1 satisfactory to know that whenever Verdi is called away he will probably leave behind him inheritors of his genius. Three rubies,- uncut, were sold by auotion reoently in London of a size never before seen in Englatid, or even in Europe. ? These were the property of the Burmah Buby Mines Company Limited. The first, whioh weighed 1185 carats, was irregular in form, and resembled quartz, save in colour, wbioh was deep red. Biddings oom menoed at £200, and rapidly advanced to £400, at which it was sold. Tbe second lot weighed 802 carats. This was yellowish red in dolour, and sold for £65. Lot three_ weighed 281 oarata, was doll red in colour, and brought thirty-two guineaB, 