News by Cable. The Sioux Rising. ANOTHER BATTLE IMMINENT. (FROM THE -SEELBOTTRirE PAPERS. 1 London, January 5. — A battle between the United States troops and the Sioux Indians is hourly expected. The Indians, largely reinforced, have strongly en trenched themselves. Their camp is now entirely surrounded by the United States troops, who muster 10,000. An. offer to parley for an armistice, or to surrender, was made by the Indians, but has been refused, the commanders of the United States troops declaring that they were not able to regard the offer in good faith, because of the treacherous con duct of the Indians who recently sur rendered near Pine Creek, and afterwards made an unexpected attack upon their guard. It is believed that another attacfc of a similar diabolical character was con templated by the Indians. A report is current that orders have been given to exterminate all the tribes at pre sent in arms. The United States press generally condemns such, aa act, declaring that the horror of it would be a 'blot upon civilisation. [The following, taken from -well-informed sources, is a description of the Indians, now in revolt, and their late chief. First, for the chief: Sitting Bull, of Caster Mas sacre fame, who was the instigator of the uprising of the Indians in the north-west, was not bt'autiful, neither was he of much use, in fact, he was quite the contrary. He was about 5ft lOin in height, and weighed at least 15st, so that grace of movement was not one of his accomplishments. His face was villainous, bespeaking the bloodthirsty and relentless savage. In 1886 some enterprising showman exhibited him and one of his numerous progeny in New York, where they aroused con siderable curiosity. The girl, a mestizzo, or half breed, was really beautiful, and received numerous offers of marriage, all of which she declined. Said Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill), in an interview at Chicago shortly before the rising- : ' When do I expect the trouble will begin ? Well, it is like guessing if grass is 4in longer than yon would expect it to be every night. It is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak. No bad Indian, still- retaining a modicum of sense, -trill g© on the warpath, unless he has food for his horse and himself. With the fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise, it is different. They believe they are serving the Great Spirit. They believe they are celebrating the coming of the Messiah. There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. I What appears most ominous to me is the wide- ' spread influence of the Messiah movement. The Indians do not telegrraph and do not write letters, and yet all the western tribes, from the coast to the Mississippi, and «from British Columbia td Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to the coming of the Great Leader. ' They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and scalp de fenceless settlers. On the «ther hand, the inter ference of the soldiers may precipitate a war; so that it looks .bad either way/' Chicago advices of November 25 announced that the largest force that had been mustered in the West since 1876-7 would be collected in the Pine Eidge region. The forces were being hurried forward in response to advices from General Brook, who considered the situation very serious. The ' troops at every ' fort and army station — namely, Missouri, Nebraska, Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming — had been drawn upon, and other detachments of the army were under orders to hold themselves in readiness. The instructions to the commanding officers were to prevent trouble, and if possible to persuade the Indians to return, to the Agency. Major-General Schoneld had in structed General Miles to inquire into the causes ?f the trouble, suggesting lack of rations might 'be as much the real cause as belief in the coming Messiah. General Miles in an interview said: 'I have no boys' play to deal with. I have the situation within my grasp, and God help the Indian who fires the first shot. I am in duty bound to pro tect lives and property, and I propose to do my duty, and woe unto the first, Indian making a hostile demonstration.'] 