MR. GLASSEY, M.L.A., STILL CRITI CISED BY "A FREE LABOURER." To One Editor otf fe Queealand Times. DPAe SIR,-What was the position of the colony prior to the maritime strike! The colony had suffered severely both front drought and flood, and no sooner did it begin to lift its head than it was knocked down again, in consequence of the maritime strike? and no sooner did it begin to breathe than down it went again, under the pressure of the present unhappy strike, and, even though there had been justification for a strike-anud which, so far, has not been shown-the cir cumstances of the colony and the nuomber of the unemployed would prove to any sensible man or person that the strike would not oldy be suicidal to the etrikers themselves, but to everyone connected and concerned. It was a heartless, cruel, and unjust act. The leaders finding we were on the down-grade, the strike was called into existence to propel us down the grade at a quicker rate; and, consequently, Mr. Glaosey had to call a meeting and go all the way to Great Britain and Ireland to get a bopie man to frighten the people and makethemo believe there wae something in it. Well, to tell you the truth, I did not think my fellow colonists were so easily frightened. I was asked, some twenty years ago, if there were any ghosts here I said no; they had not arrived yet; but, when I find free labourer, freedom of contract, strikes, blacklege, scabs, unionisets, non-unionists, agitators, and labour leaders knocking about, I begin to think that they have not only ar rived, but have taken a very practical and de finite shape. Someone nmust have had a very ilep pocket to hold that lot when coming across the pond. Mr. Glassey is very amusing when he says it is nit the men he finds fault with, but the system. That is on a par with what has been said re the pastoralits-- that it was not the pastoralists they blamed, but the laws; there fore, does it not read idiotic that a man shlould not belallowed to work, and the pastoralists should run the risk of having their properties destroyed, &c.;, by engaging non-union labour, merely because the system or laws are bad ? Why not attack the laws or system ? But Mr. Glanssey shows it is the men he attacks, and not the systemo; for what did he say, tihe other day, at Dinmore? According to the Dai'y Advoecate, when he alluded to their mental and physiceal capacities, apparently Mr. Glassey mnade a slip there, for is not that going for themo straight ? Now, I will ask any sensible and unbiassed person how in the name of cosmmon sense can Mr. Glassey represent anyone when he is con tinually complaining'of being misrepresented or misquoted ? As it takes all his time to endeavour to set himself right (so he says), I went to hear hIim speak durng thie maritime strike; but the greater part of what I lheard was merely correcting himself e press reports. Is that edifying ? Now, I will take what he is reported to have said about tile Mount Morgan and L .ewis Thomas's mines. Mr. Glasscy comnplains about the press misreplresenting him so as to make people beliesc tlhuat tile lahour leaders wished to possess thelimelves of these pro perties, aud madle smeto sort of a ramlling statement as to the fState. Now, what differ ence does it make to the pirinciple andl its effects as to whether thie laliur leaders or the Gov ernement coufiscated tihose properties ? Glascsey complainos, and tlistks by so doing hie explains and enlighltens Itis lhearers, hltich hie may, hut I can assu.e him it has quite a diffetent elffect uo?a iris readers. fr they tare still left in the salrk to feel their way. How, tlhnt, can Mr. Glascsey be any other way thian liaulltder stood ? Again, takinig the fact of thosIe mien, going hoaue to the old country (whlichl is certainly a thlorn in Glassey's aidl), hie :lutintts becauese tChose men were thrifty. I have tisn·. out of ltuotber heard it lhlowt ill thie workinig Inmtsn face lthat hle was wahtrfsftl asil thlriftless-in fact, that lie eatlnld his mioney like a horse, and opellt it like asi ass; liut here We have a mniI who actually calls himiself the workingi man'si friend thro-wing slurs at hilt for being thrifty anl mindiiing his IUosty, and, as a samplhi of his shoddly, hle ays, accnrdings to the U) l:y Aiilt,,c-te, lthait thicia taCon weet" able to go homie biecause they worked for more than thley ever received. Well, is sot that shoddy logic, if you like? Probally Mr. Glascy will say thalt is another c.lse of Iisrclrescnttihn. All I can ay is, if o li-. Glassey d~oes not make hinmself understood, I cannot hIelp it. I take tile followintg frome the Daily Advoeate ofdlay22. Itisheaded "AShearers' Picture": -" It as been said that the men on strike are going about tthe country hbarefootd. ' That iauutrue. They iealllwellclothled. I dosntsay they lreus very"'flash," Iut,as tlty walk albout thle tonn ill t.lcir working chlitcs, s cariltg gold watche andl chains, you certaisly cotsitnt distinguishl that. Iy ally spicial marks of poverty, from the townspeople themselves. Well, nown, that certaijy is a grand picture and apparently' it slhows the men sad no cause to strike so far as appearances go there at any rate. Whlere do you see working mien having their gold watches and chains and still thle poor usnfortunates are askedl here to contriblute toward the suplport of those men whilst they. can sport their gold watcles and chains. Glassey deplores strikes when speaking, but what does he do when writing ? lead thle copy of his letter to Taylor. I have gone no furthler than the maratiime strike for the sustenance of imy argumnents, whilst Glassey has teavelled 16,O000O miles and referred hack 600 years. Hlie denounces George IV act, and in doing so exhuntes and brings to life and re enacts thie penal laws and disabilities acts, whisch were killed and thought to be buried for ev r by the great Daniel O'Conuell. Now, if Mr. G(lisssey instead of going back wards from the year 1875, had given us what took place in 1890(i it would Ihave been some thing nearcr thle condition of affairs. ]ishop Webber, the other day in Brisbane, showed a little more of the downgrade of man, and also showed the onesidedness of Lalbor. Bishop Webber is reported to have delivered himself thus : " In hIis article on "Liberty for Labour," Mr. Georgu Iae .ell, Al.P'. for Beth nail Green, comments on a certain new de parture, which in August last was attempted in connection with the decker's strike, and he exposes thie shallow Socialism which prompted the departure " Recently, as late as August, 1800,the newly formoed Dockers' Union, led by the men who claim to be the originators of what they are pleased to describe as the " New Trade Unionism" decreed that their books should be closed; that no new members were to be enrolled; that they were now suflcient in numbers to perform the work at the docks and that any addition would but impede their progress, y being brought into comp tition withs the accredited members of the Union. This autrocratic uWas is worthy of the most unscrupulous despotic tyrant that ever dis graced the pages of history; no parallel for it can be found in the annals of labour, except perhaps, in thle most degenerate days of the trading corporations of the middle ages, or pasille in some of thle commercial "rings" of modern times. It says in effect: We, the members of the Dockers' Union, are quite sufltl cient in numbers to do all the work ot the port of London, or other ports, &e.;, &'. If you don't like it, we will stop all indusnatry till you oave in. Supposing all other unions adopted the same policy, and shut out all labour except that which had been enrolled in tohe books of the union, what is to heosme of the unemployed ? That is a question I will leave to Labour's candid friends to answer. Yours. &c.;, A FREE LABOURER. June 5. 