Story Column. RECALLED TO LIFE . os, What, a Woman Did for Love. :j . - A. TiLE OP THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW. ' JAMES SKIPP BORLASE. Author of "Darker than Death," "Riches to .Ruin," "Ail Ocean Secret," &o;,, ire. all qtjeensla.m) b10hts hkseeyed.) BOOK II.— A LAND OK OATTtVITP. Ciiatteh XXIII.— A Stkaxoe Makruce. This proposition of Grant's w at onco carried, the suggestion at. its conclusion being warmly approved of, and thelte verend Alfred SimpBon thereupon declared that there were a couple of pots of hlack and whito paint in, a locker in the. forecastle, and that he could therewith change the name of Kangaroo npon tho boat bows into Cockatoo with very littlo trouble. The third convict-cocstahlo thon mudo the confession that he lmd been engineer on bonrd a' Thames Bteamboat in his younger days; whilst Grant declared that as he had been once able to steer a yacht, no matter in how rough a sen, he didn't sco why ho shouldn't bo ublo to steer a steamer just as well; and Brad- shaw vowed that no one could scuttle a ship hotter than a carpenter, und that he wns n carpenter by trade. Thcso respective declarations gave the refugees confidence in each other, and so that same afternoon Captain Spenee, with his mate and solitary sailor, wcro landed on a green island of goiuo acres in extent, with enough water and provisions to last them, with carc, for several weeks ; and then, picking up her bout, the Kangaroo continued on her course, liradsbaw, by common consent, having first thrown into the sen every drop of intoxicating liquor that wns oil hoard, for now that they were left entirely to their own resources it wns highly requisite that they should keep all their wits about them, as wall as a very sharp lookout for all the rocks, reefs, slioals, and sandbanks that Bass's Straits were known to abound with. Their two chief dangers were the falling in with any other vessel, and tho falling short of coal, for the Kangaroo's bunkers were nearly empty, and she hadn't a single sail to hoist to compensate for her loss of steam power. Fortunately for the refugees, anil most unfortunately, as it afterwards proved, for society at large, neither of these much dreaded probabilities enine to pass. The most perilous of all the days of their voyage, for now they were crossing one of the highways of ocean, woro slowly on, and somewhere about tho ensuing midnight on an almost full moon, shining down upon a sea of glass, showed them, about four miles distant, tho long lonely coast line of tho Australian continent, lying, though they knew it not then, between Cape Otway and Port Fairy. The carpenter's tool chest was now had recourse to, and, with tho help of an immense auger, several holes were bored in the Kangaroo's sides below water mark, and as Eoon as she began to settle down the boat was lowered, and tho escaped convicts, the men now all dressed as sailors, got into her, carrying with them all the money and other valuables tlmt had belonged to her former captain and crew, a hag of biscuits, und a keg of water, for they knew that they might land many miles distant from a human habitation. Ere they had left tho Kangaroo a quartc-r of a mile behind them she went down, stern foremost, disappearing alto gether from view. With her there was, at all events, one dangerous secret buried in deep water. In a couple of hours more they had run their little craft ashore on a beach of fine sand, backed at a little distance by gray clifTs composed of a kind of shale. Abandoning their boat, and sealing these, thev looked upon a wild u'ndul ating treeless track of country, and a single house of some size, the latter being at no great distance off; and they had almost mndo up their minds to 60ik shelter there at, when they suddenly bethought tiiem of their closely-cropped hair and slinven faces, which to anyono sharpor than ordin ary, would at onco tell the talo of what tlioy had so recently been. Tboy therefore determined to walk in land all through tho night. BOOK III. — A LAND OF GOLD, Cmu'iEit XXIV. — JluiaiKinin's Cri.r.Y. — Six 3Ivs'n:iirous Sailors. Pass wo over a few weeks of time, and change wo tho seeno to a Victorian gold- field called M'lvor, n dismal Hat, or nearly 60, surrounded by hills, and with a small river, which in Australia is called a creek, winding sinuously through its midst, and thousands and thousands of men cradling and panning tho wnsh- dirt along both sides thereof in order to separate it from the gold, which in either instance is left behind. These men evidently come from every country under the sun, even tattooed New Zcalabdcrs and yellow-skinned, slit- eyed, pigtailcd Chinamen heing amongst the number; Englishmen, Irishmen, und canny Scots seem, however, to bo by far the most' abundant and the hardest- working as well, and these are, us u rule, . attired in red or blue Garibaldi shirts, moleskin or cord, trousers (seoured nround the' waist'hy a leather belt), ' and their extremities : tucked insido almost ' knee- high hoots, whilst ..slouched; soft felt "hats shield their faces 1 somewhat . from ' the burning sun, ' and their eyes , from its dazzling, glare,, ........ These'.i rQughTbearded and bare and brawny-armed men. .generally carry re volvers! and howie knives in' thoir bolts, for, hard work as." it! is' to get the gold,'.' it"- ''is'- occasionally .much harder to kie' it/' Bince thbre' are hundreds of idle'-fdU9W.;lfttifihgj about 'tho'- diggings who wodiCSDoher pmw rich by robbery or even mttrder-,taq' morely. , take the ohanoe .oftteoonangVBQaly'iicBat'.ef' thoir brows; . A littlo way hack from tho crook is tho township, consisting of hundreds of dirty tents and rough hark huts. Towering nhovo such primitivo and ernzy erections are two or tliroo largo wooden stores, in either of which any thing can he bought from a satin dress tea red herring, and several big drinking booths, such as may he seen on English racecourses, ' cucli having a Hag tloating nhovo it with it3 name emblazoned in conspicuous letters thereon, such as tho 'Welcome Nugget,' tho Tick and Pan,' tho 'Whip und Whim,' tho 'Golden Ago,' and so forth. In one of tlieso a lucky digger will sometimes spend as much as n oouplo of hundred pounds in a single evening by ' Bhouting ' or standing treat to everyone who will drink at his oxpenso ; the favourite beverage on such occasions being champagne, at five guineas a bottle, poured into u bucket, thon fortified with half its quantity of brandy, and, lnstly dipped into and drank out of tin panni kins. Then there aro also dancing booths, wherein Scottish and Irish lasses, who pcrlmps not a month ngo cnuie out to tho colony barefooted, now flirt and waltz in silks and satins ; whilst on thoir bare nocks and arms gleam jewels that would win admiration in it Bolgraviun drawing- room. Nenr by, too, is tho ' Eldorado Music Hall,' wherein ttfth-rnto variety actresses ure nightly showered with solid gold nuggets in lien of bouquets, such nuggets varying in size, from peas to walnuts. Tho waiters here are, with only one ex ception, young gentlemen of birth and education, who, having arrived out from home intending to make thoir fortunes at tlio diggings, have found that that can only he done by tho man of thews and sinews, with the arms of a blacksmith and tho stamina of an alligator. Outside tlio township, and all over the great plain in t'uet, eve scattered, some tolerably close together, and others a good stone's "throw from each other, diggers' tents and bnrk huts, interspersed with thousauds of heaps of earth, some ns yet no bigger than hay cocks, but others larger than the largest ricks, anil close to those latter rise tho ugly shapes of 'whips' and 'whims,' 'drums,' wind- lassos, Ac., cno and all betokening that the human moles who havo thrown up those heaps of dirt in their search for tho precious metal have got so far down into the bowels of the earth that some kind of machinery is required to raise what re mains of it to the surface. The gold of to-day lies so deep that it costs as much to reach it as to get at iron, coal, or copper, in England, and a capital of iJ.iO,(!OOi.s considered none too great to commence operations with ; but, at tho time of which I am writing, diggers often found gold less than a dozen feet down, and very seldom went deeper tliau half a hundred, nine out of every ten of them preferring to abandon a claim, unless it was turning out an extraordinary rich one, and to try their luck elso where, directly anything beyond spade and shovel was required in the working. In some even of the more shallow claims a couple of men (the miners almost invariably worked in pairs) would be earning a couple of thousand pounds n day, whilst all round, even with those which lay within a few yards of thorn, less lucky diggers would ho getting scarcely enough to purcbaso their broad and cheese with. In such cases tlio success of tho few often won the jealousy and the hatred of the many, for it was by no moans all brotherly love upon n goldficld, nnd not infrequently that jealousy and hatred led on to robbery and murder. A tent was nnything hut n stronghold, and a silent slit in tho canvas with a bowie-knife from without, whilst its oc cupants wore wrapt in the dunp sloop, that heavy and long hours of work wore so conducive to, made oponiug wide enough for the eager thieves to creep through, who, having scured their prize, would generally bear it olf, and as quickly as possible throw it down, and afterwards bury it in their own claim, whence it could he rcdug up nnd brought to the surface us though it hud really been found there. At all events, it would be almost impossible to prove the contrary. if the sleeping men woke up, ton to one they were murdered ere they could defend themselves, by theunscrupulous intruders, on the principle that dead men tell no talcs, and thc-u, in tlio depth of the night, their bodies would he dragged forth and hurled down some wovked-out or aban doned mine pit eloso by, seoros of which were to he found in all directions, almost holding out a direct encouragement to murder by silently proclaiming themselves to he ready-made graves ; indeed, u drunken mnn not infrequently found a grave in them as well us the assassinated one. Murders at last hccumo so provulent at if 'Ivor tlmt many diggers carried their gold every evening, anil before dark, up to the police camp, which was pitched on tlio nearest hill, where it could overlook the entire plain , nnd from which a. score of sword and revolver - armed mounted troopers would turn out at live minutes' notice to kec-p or restore order whenever 'twos needed. There alone wns comfort and rigid dis cipline to bo found. In front of the police barracks was a tall flugstnif , from tho summit of which tho Union Jack proudly floated, and all gold placed under its protection was deemed by the groat majority of the diggers to be as safe us though already deposited iu tho cellars of the Bank of Euglund, and once a month it wus sent down to Melhourno under a strong escort there to he hotnoward shipped aboard ono of tho grout Black Bull or Whito Star liners, many of which eclipsed both in speed and safety tho steamers of those days. But though, as wo have said, a grout many of the diggers crtrusted their gold -to ' Government protection, receiving a receipt for tho samo, no raattor how small the amount, a vastly larger number of : .them went onin tho old carolcss, happy-go- , lucky, and highly hazardous fashion,, so that there was still plenty of profitable work for thieves and murderers upon1 the M'lvor, nnd they were a class of men who, us a rule, did not negleot their oppor- : tiinitiee. I "Wo have said that tho plain, whoso aspect us a goldlield wo have becn'iit some pains , to describe, was surrounded by hills -round-topped hills, most of thorn heavily treed to their very summits. ; ' \ ' Ab a rulo thcso hills woro intersected, and, in soma cuscs, riven asunder, as it were, by narrow vnlloys, or ruthor gorges, locally called gullies, most of tliom hav ing a'stroum running down their centre, oft times iu a succession of littlo cata racts, alternating with deep silent pools where tho ground became level for a little spauc. Bare places for gold-finding were somo of tlieso gullies, though too far olf from tho lively, noisy, rowdy digging township to bo n favourite working ground for tho inui y , especially for tho timid ; there wus so much more cliunco of a man being murdered on his way homo after an even ing spont at tlio music linll, tho dancing booth, or tho grog shanty. Ono of tlieso narrow gorges was called Murderer's (J ally, because n wandering swagmau or over-lander bad there in wan ton blood-thirstiness killed n harmless bluckfollow who lmd found him lost and half starved iu the busli, nnd had put him on tho way to the nearest settlement. Some said that lie had slain and eaten hiui, in order to get tho strength to roach such settlement ; but public opinion was at variance on that point. Anyhow tho inhuman bruto had butchered tho poor native who had snved his life, and that blackfellow's gliost was said to haunt the gully, calmly waiting for vengeance. On that uccount the gloomy gorgo was held in universal dread nnd detestation, und though it was believed that no end of gold was to ho found there for tlio seeking, no ono had tho pluck to go and search for it, until, at last, six sailors and two women wero discovered to bo camped there, and to havo marked out their claims therein. That they had done so became cro long the common gossip of tlio entire digging township, and many there were who warned tlicui that their foolliardinoss in camping and working in Murderer's Gully, where the black man's ghost was still thirsting for vengeance, would end in some terrible disaster to perhaps thoir entire party. The six sailors were, however, men who laughed grimly at such warnings, and they were, in addition, individuals who kept themselves very much to them selves; ucd though, nftcr n little while, they freqm ::U .1 the grog shanties and the dancing booths of a night, they drank and daneoil sparingly, and seemed to havo a much greater inclination to listen to what other people had to say than to indulge in talking themselves. As to ' shouting,' which is tho Aus tralian phrase for standing treat, they were as generous and open-handed in that respect ns sailors proverbially are, hut cro they had been many weeks at M'lvor a strange notion got about, and slowly grew in strength, that it was unlueky to drink with them, so many people had been found murdered, or lmd altogether disappeared from the neighbourhood who u night or so previously had been known to have got drunk at their expense. A good many people Loth thought trad de clared that tho hlack fellow's ghost was in some way auswerable for all this ; hilt men with a more practical and less imaginative turn of mind soon began to suspect tlmt living men of bone and muscle might have a great deal more to do both with the proved and the suspected tragedies tlmn tlio black man's wraith, and the reader mny feel disposed to take the samo view of the matter when we reveal tlio fact that tlio six scorning sailors were six escaped convicts from the neighbouring colony of Tasmania. to he cainixnbd ok mo.vday. 