TrarelliB; Stars. 44 Twiaklr. tràkfe. little «tar. How we woadtr what jon uv." The fixed alua of Cairn», those useful i and important institutions the Hospital and School of Arts, which combined fulfil, or should fulfil, the idea of ¡neut strum im carport mano do not twinkle with the brillaiwy that should properly I characterise them; in fact so dimly are both burning at the present moment that it ia eTÎdeut a little fanning will bare to bc resorted to, in order to prevent one or both " soin;* oat." But while the fixed stars of the district are languishing for the want of proper support, while the people complain of bad times, and while general im pecuniosity reigns suprême, it is sur- prising what a profitable field Cairns proves to the Travelling Stars of Hie theatrical world, and it is astonishing that the fact never dawns on the com- munity that every £100, extracted from its pockets by the peripatetic rush-light luminaries who favour the town with their dazzling preaeaor, ia as tauch goo« j fur ever aa if it had bora cast iato the deepest part of Trinity Inlet, lt ia moreover a melancholy fact that certain shopkeepers of the town visit each per- formance with the greatest regularity, not to see that, O dear no, but to take note of those who can find the money to witness a lugubrious burlesque when, at tlie same time, they can't find the cash to pay the tradespeople they are indebted to for the actual necessaries of life. The Blight-ba-jhton Operatic Company swindle is still fresh ¡ii the miuds of the people of Cairns, and it will be remembered in this instance that one or two of thc corpulent stars skeddalled with the coin, while the lesser and poorer luminaries were stranded in the town, at tlie mercy of a cold and uiisympathhriiig world. To be rid of them, benefits were arranged, hotel-keepers aud others victimized, and gradually thc plague drifted away to fresh iicids and ¡as tures new. Th« most accomplished actor in this compatir was a parrot, the sagacious bird being the means of paying the hotel bill for its owner. The moja» operandi, or rather opera and-die-was as short aud simple as a donkey*s gallop. The geutieman would neglect to pay his little account, and when the long suffering Boniface was "full up" would leave his feathered accomplice and wife's luggage as host- ages to fortune. That was Act 1. In Act 2 thc lady would come back to Erin, fall on the landlord's neck and weep and succeed (aa a rule) in going .iff triumphantly with the boxes. In Act 3 the male performer crop« up agaiu ' and he also falls on Boniface's neck and weeps copiously, and pitches a pathetic tale about the parrot. Ile narrates how his wife is suffering from thc loss of thc faithful bini, how that without it the world teems a blank and that joy had fled for ever. And again the landlord is melted, and Pretty Poll returns to tlie bosom ol the distressed family, aud it takes tin lady three weeks to make tlie bin] forget the bad and vulgar language ii had learned at the bar. liiere wai certainly nerer any «tage performance given iu Cairns one half aa entertaining or as well acted as this comedy entitled "Birds of a feather,1' as played success I fully at two hotels in Cairns, and the i Lord only knows at how many others on the coast. It cannot, of course, be maintained that there are no respect- able companies travelling as stars, where the ghosts walk regularly and who leave no account unsettled in their wanderings, but such as these regard with contempt the Jeremy Diddlers who disgrace what is in reality an honourable profession. The string of affairs in connection with the Blight-Dashton episode cost the Ciit-ut Pott £lO, and we are still making active enquiries with reference to the address of the Pothouse of Bestns Company, and one or two others which hare apparently vanished into the dim regions of the never-never. Decidedly a better investment for the sparc dollars of the people of Cairns is the Hospital or the School of Arts, than thc encouragement of the shows that locust-like hare acquired a habit of regularly swooping down on the town. In tho meantime those who travel on the crook, and there are many of them, aught do worse than to let themselves aa* mm misti-; lum, and ia aoaan easea the tin in their voices aad brass i deawhT** .fcaTB¿Maan--«lÍBB» O. T. B. 