A Wilderness Cry. BxBsv 0. H. SpcKosoa 0 God, Thou art my God; early Trill I seek Thee; my soulthlrsteth for Thee, my flesh longeth for Thee In a dry and thirsty land, where no water is; to see Thy cower and Thy glorv, bo as * * m Thee in the sanctuary."—Psalm 1~" ; J hive seen Thee in the sanctuary/'—Psalm lsdi. ' l.f \- Ohrysostom tells us that among the primitive \- Christians it was decreed and ordained that no . day should pass without the publio tinging of this psalm; and certainly, if we do not follow the ancient onstom and sotnally sing the words every day, it is not because they are unsuitable or because their spirit has died out among ns. This psalm may be said or song all the year . round- Have we joyous days f Let us sing of the . lovingkindness which is better than life. Do the elooif return after the rain ? Let ns sound . forth His praise whose right hand upholdeth us, fa it summer time with our souls ? Then may we express the fall assurance of onr faith by joyfully crying, " 0 God, Thou art my God : eirly will I seek Thee." Have we fallen upon the drought of autumn ? Do tho long hot days parch oar spirits ? Then may we chant tho lay of out longing heart, " My soul thirsteth for Thee, my flesh longeth for Thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is." Is it winter with onr spirit, and does everything tend to 0h31 us? Nevertheless, let us not be silenced or rendered sluggish by the cold, but let us Bay, " I will bless Thee while I live, I will lift up my hands in Thy name." Has the spring returned with all its wealth of ■ fresh flowers and opening sweets ? Then shall , onr glad voices sing aloud, "My soul shall be . satisfied as with marrow and fatness, and my ~ mouth shall praise Thee." Is the day ended, and has the darkness of night settled down upon our tnnid f Then in the language of the psalm we will remember God upon our bed, and meditate upon Him in the night watches, and because He has been our help therefore in the shadow of His wings we will rejoice. We may ring this psalm in the days of battle, when \- those are round about ns who seek onr soul to destroy it, for "they shall fall by the sword, they shall be a portion for foxes;" and we may chant it with eqnal appropriateness in the time of vietory, when we return from the conflict with banners gleaming in the sunlight of triumph, for " the king shall rejoice in God: every one that sweareth by Him shall glory." I know of no time and no season in which this psalm would sound unsuitably from a believing \- tongue. Let us cultivate its earnestness, let us endeavour to be baptised into its spirit, letns live while we live after the fashion of holy men like David, the Psalmist, whose assurance of heart sorrow could not shake, whose fertility of mind the desert could not wither, whose joy of spirit solitude could not destroy. This psalm, however, especially belongs to any who by their circumstances or by tbeir state of heart feel themselves to dwell in a desert land. There is a stage of Christian ex perience in which we are in Egypt, and we are brought up out of it with a high hand and an outstretched arm. This symbolises conviction, regeneration, and conversion. Then we know the passover and the sprinkling of the blood, the enemies drowned in the sea and the new song put into the month. Happy are they who have come thus fsr on their life j oumey. Then oomesthe stage of spiritual history which maybe well described as wilderness experience, wherein we have little rest, mnoh temptation, and con sequent proving of heart and discovery of in ward weakness. Many remain in this condition ' far longer than there is any need; what might be soon ended Is .drawn out into 40 years by unbelief. Then oomes that blessed stagB of ex perience in which faith begets peace and joy; then we have crossed the Jordan and entered ■ into rest in Christ Jesus, "in whom also we ,have obtained an inheritance." In the Man who is our peace we obtain an earnest of heaven and begin to divide the land of promise; " for He hath raised ns up together, and made ns sit together in the heavenly places." Each man claims his lot in covenant provisions, and sits under his own vine and flgtree, nODe making him afraid. Yet even after we have been raised up together with Jesus, and have obtained citizenship in Zion, we may find overselves in the wilderness. QAs David, though king in Israel, had to flee across the Jordan to escape from Absalom, so may the ' most assured and the most sanctified of God's . people be driven for awhile into the dry and thirsty land, where no water is, and there hide himself from the offspring of his own flesh. There are songs for the Lord's banished ones to sing in a strange land, psalms with which to arouse the silent land, sonnets wherewith to charm the howling wflderneES into a fruitful garden, and hymns to make the dcBert rejoice and blossom as the rose. I purpose to address myself to any of my brethren, who feel them selves to be jnst now in a dry and thirsty land where no water is. It may be the Lord will give them deliverance by His Word this morn ing; or if not delivered ont of temporal trouble, they shall at least bo made glad by His Holy Spirit, and be led to magnify His name while yet in the land cf drought. True saints are sometimes in a dry and thirsty land where no water iB. Children of God are not always in the same happy state of mind. To hear some people talk, who know bnt little of religions experience, yon wonld fancy that the Christian's life is all feasting and dancing Children think that all there is in bunting is wearing a red coat and blowing a horn; they know nothing of the rongh riding. We do, it is true, linger delightfully in the Bweet valley of humiliation, where men have found pearls and met with angels. We know that spot of whioh the pilgrim's guide has said, " Behold, how green this valley is, also how beautiful with lilies," but we can never forget that in this qniet meadow Christian met Apollyon, and was hardpnt to it in the fight, and bnt a little farther in his journey he came to the Vulloy of the Shadow of Death, where there are deep ditches and quagmires, and a narrow pathway which runs hard by the mouth of hell. Sweet refit la to be hud In the Palace Beautiful, but there is &Uo; a Hill Difficulty to be olimbed. Let not the young be deoeived by flattering words, for they may be sure of this, that there are bitters as well as sweets iu the pilgrim life, and ho who would ho a Christian must not count upon unbroken jey. All things are changeable. We live in a world whioh hourly varies. But beyond the faot of liability to ohange, there are other reasons why God's people at times aro wanderers in the wilderness. In some senses to a Christian world must always be a dry and thirsty land* The new life whioh grace has implanted in us finds nothing here below upon whioh it can feed ; the things which are seen are too gross, material, carnal, and defiled to sustain life which cometh by the Holy Ghost from the Great Father. We are not carrion crows, else might we float upon the carcasea which abound in the waters around our ark; we are doves, and when we leave the hand of our Noah we find nought to rest upon, and we must go bach to Him if we aro to find food and rest for our souls. I am not speaking now of the world under its sorrowful aspect only* but of the world at its best; it is a dryland for saints even when its rains are falling When the world arrayeth itself in scarlet, and putteth on its silks and satins, it is still a poor world for us. She may paint her face and tire her head, but abe is a Jezebel for aU that. The world, should she come to us as she came to Solomon, would be still a deceiver; if she would indulge us with all her riches, and give us aU her power and all her fame, she would still be a mere mocker to the heart which is born from above. If thou couldst stand on a high mountain and see all the kingdoms of the world before tboe, and the glory thereof, and hear a voiee saying, 41 All this will I give thee yet mightest thou turn round to Satan and say, 11 And all this is nought to me, a sop for a dog, but not food for a child and then thou mightest lift thine eye to the great Father above and say, 11 Whom have I in heaven but Thee, and there is none upon earth I desire beside thee f' 7ou shall take prosperity at its flood; you shall have health and streagth; you shall have all that heart can wish; but, after all, if there is a spark of Divine life within you, your heart will compute the sum total of all earth's joys and say, '* Vanity of vanities, all is vanity." But dear brethren, we could bear up with this present state, and be well satisfied with it, if that were our only difficulty; but far more grievous is the fact that we may have been so unwatchful as to have brought ourselves into this condition by actual faults of lifo and con* duot. I would make it a matter of personal inquiry among you by asking thoughtful answers to a few questions. Have yon re strained prayer ? Do you wonder that the land grows dry ? Has the Word oi God been negleoted? Have you left off its study of late through pressure of other concerns P Do you wonder if you have leit the streams that your soul thirsts for ? Have you been over much engaged in hunting after temporal gain, and has the hot simoom of worldfinesB parched your heart ? Has there been anything about your spiritual life that has grieved the Holy Spirit ? ' Have you been idle as a Christian r Have you been content to eat the fat and drink the sweet, and to do nothing to win souls ? Or have you while you have fed upon the Word of God taken the 8 weet things of the Gospel as a matter of course, and not blessed the Lord for.them ? Has there been a lack of humility or a deficiency of gratitude? If so, can you wonder that you are in a dry and thirsty land ? Have yon been careless in your walk? In domestic life has sin been permitted in the family P Have you been winking at evil iu your children P Have you permitted it iu yourself ? If so, remember it is written, " He turaeth rivers into a wilder ness, and water- springs into dry ground, a fruitful laud into barrenness for the wickedness of them that dwell therein." You may have fallen into a parched condition of spirit because j you have forgotten Him, of whom in happier j days you sang, "All my fresh springs are ia Thee." Because you have walked contrary to God, God is walking contrary to you; and it is your duty to repent and return at once to your : Lord; only by so doing will peace return unto jon. If these various things do sot account for the believer beiag in a dry and thirsty land, there are still some other reasons which I will briefly mention. Sometimes Christiana become very hungry and thirsty when they are banished from the means of grace. Poor as onr ministry maybe, yettheroaro many of God's children who would miss it more than their daily food if it were taken from them. God's servants whom Ho calls to tbo work of the ministry are bound to think little of themselves, and yet the loaves and fishes which they distribute to the multitude are by no means to be lightly esteemed—-the peoplo would faiot by the way if they had them not It is a severe trial to eome saints to be kept away from sanctuary privileges. 1 know that, when yon travel for pleasure or roam by the seaside for heaUb, if you go to a place of worship on the Sabbath and find no "spiritual bread, you fall into a miserable state of m»d, and sigh to spend your Sabbaths where the children's portion ib dealt out liberally, and all the Bervaute have bread enough and to spare. David loved the very doors of the Lord's house; he thirsted and piccd because he was shut out from sanctuary privileges, and it was especially for that reason that he speaks of him eelf as being in a11 dry aad thirsty land, where r o water is." The same may happen when we are denied the sweets of Christian intercourse. David had poor company when ho wa* in tho wilderness in the days of Saul; his friends were not much beiter than freebooters and runaways, whom he would nev&r; have selected as friends had not the necessities of his own condition and of the political situation rendered it necessary that he should becomo a captain over thtm. They were a strange band of men, made up chiefly of thoBe who were in debt and discon tented, the rebellious against Saul's wretched administration, men of broken for tunes and suspected loyalty. Few of them were fit friends for the man after God's own heart, I do not wonder that he looked even at the boss of Zeruiah who loved him best, who were hia own kinBinen, and felt that as for holy intercourse his eool was in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is. Believers are to keep ou t of wordly oompany, and yet it sometimes happens that providence throws the ohild of God among the ungodly, like Obadiah in Ahab's family, Nc-hemiah in the palaoa of Axtaxerxes, and Daniel in the oonrt of Darins. Tour lot is hard if yon are oalled to dwell among wordlings, for they have power to injnre your piety, but they oannot help yon. Ton look aronnd upon a soore of i hard faees all eager after the Blmighty dollar, and none of them oaring for the Almighty Gad, and I do not wonder that yon feel your self to be in a dry and thirsty land where no water is. We owe muoh more to Christian friends than we think, and especially the younger folk among ns do well to valne Chris tian associations, and to be muoh in the oom pany of them that fear the Lord, and that think upon His namo, If they are denied this refreshment they will find lifo to be a dry and thirsty land, where no water is. Tee, bot the like may happen from other oanses as well. Sometimes a believing man may be treated with gross injustioe and endure much hardship as the result. David was blameless, and yet Sanl hunted him at a traitor. He was upright, yet his people revolted from him. It tends to make a good man sonrin spirit to be misrepresented s nd treated as guilty, when ha knows that ho is innocent, and this bitterness is very apt to pnt away from ns many sources of comfort, and leave us unoom fortable. Then many a spring becomes dry, and the heart shrivels as under a burning sun. Then, too, mneh depends npon health and physical conditions. In some forms of sickness the sonl is apt to be grievously depressed and cast ont of its proper eondition. Some of yon may remember the venerable Watts Wilkinson, the Golden Lecturer. I was reading his life the other day, and ho tells ns that after many years of health he coffered a aeason'of Bickness, and he learned by experience that sickness is not the best time, as he had formerly thought it was, for drawing near to Qod. The effects of sickness are often very beneficial under the sanctifying influences of the Holy Spirit, bat they are seldom so at the time. It is "afterwards" that these things work the fruits of righteousness, but at the time it is often with us as it was with Wilkinson, who says that he never in his life felt so dali in prayer and so heavy in reading the Scriptnrea as during his illness. Want of faith may sometimes be little other than a want of natnral cheerful ness, and we may mistake infirmity for iniquity. We have onr times of natnral sadness; we havo, too, onr times cf depression, when we oannot do otherwise than hang onr heads. Seasons of lethargy will also befall as from change in our natnral frame, or from weariness, or tho rebound of over excitement. The trees are not always green, the sap sleeps in them in the winter; and we have winters too. Life oannot always bo at flood tide; thefolness of the blessing is not upon the most gracions at all times. We may always hnrn, bnt we cannot always flame; we may always grow, bnt we cannot always flower ; and if we always bear frnit, yet is not the fruit alwayB ripe, nor does the ripeness always wear the same deli cate bloom. Till we are perfected we shall not always be at onr highest point, else were earth tnrncd to heaven, and time had forgotten itself, and merged its variableness in the im mutability cf eternity. So yon see there are many reasons why the best of saints are some times in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is. I have thus spoken to as many as believe in Jesus Christ, bnt to yon that are unbelievers much of this may equally well apply, for you. too ate in aland more diy and thirsty still? Do not go about to saoraments and sermons, mneh lees to priests, bnt go straight to God in Ohrist Jesua. Cry to Him ! 0 sinner, cry to Him, " 0 God, though Thou be not my God, yet still early will I seek Thee. My hoart longeth for Thee, come to me and save me." Jesua will come to yon and save yon, even yon, to the praise and glory of His grace. Amen. 