Mulgoa Notes. 1IY THE BAMIJLKR. GUSTY. Piiice my Inst report, (he weather has proved as unfavorable ns ever, for in the place of Ihe rain cfimcsa rngi up, ten ring, fihrmkhig. howling', blus terina. fqunlly and hair-raising wind, find woe betide llic'inhaliitnnti of this tempest 11011s sphere should lie bp. liwlert with a freight of bush pain- killer " and be criiiaht rapping on hisi homeward wav. for o conlfict with Uip. hiird-cnjkod rond in certain parts won Id pi obn lil.v have the',efftiCfcof inclnmnrphising his. lion iiciful " in n manner which would make nn|nr^nnintnn*ce,|with Wis mother ». very .difficult operation. I-'^Uv' CONVALEFCKNCH. A'' old resident of this district Mrs, Eastcrbrook. who has lately had a severe period of illness is, I am glad to 8tale, gradually recovering her wonted health and strength under'the care and advice of Dr.' Shnnd. ROADS. Tl c Mnlpoa Ward has secured another victory in. the shape of a grant of £10 for purchasing iron stone gravel. which rantcrial has been required hero for repairing the toads forn very long time. I think the Mul^oa ratepayers are to be con* grntiiJafcad on havinjr such an nble representative in the Council and if he were expelledit would be a bad look out for this township, The tenders are now out fnr the work but it still remains untaken, and the contractors seem very dilatory in undertaking the work-why I cannot say. -[We think " Rambler " must be laboring' under" Rome misapprehension in this mnttcr, bccause at the Inst meeting of thq Council, \vc, fihdftljat "The. motion by Aid, Cross " That £10'worth'of the best gravel lie procured for repairs to the Mulgoa rond where required ' was withdrawn pending the receipt ? of the requisite funds by Council.J5d. Jf.71.] UNCANNY! ' *' . . Thpre is Fome talk of a ghost which lias appeared in tins vicinity recently. T have not seen the ghoulish nppnrltion mypclf.bnt a gentleman riding home"one night appears to linvc'.'qncountercd the ?!>iiit which disturbed my old^friSnil" Tf/imletV. dreams, and report says that ihe way;iiis horse* coy-/ cred tho nroiind in the effort, to esenpo wns mijrc.than. wonderful, in fnct some persons say he has not^ff/iv ished galloping yet. ' .' ?' Ji'tj' TllKIlIFIiK. . - .. MIUXI The date fixed forthemn-ch between the Went wnrtli nnd Mulirna Riflo Clubs is Sntuidny week,; fSpptembftr Sthfti^Tlic struggle.sis cnnsing..a great dehl;of fn1yfnniljidQulailes9, if the weather iiipropitIoii8;nri^xciting.conto'itwill bo witnessed. 