"A Mystery of Egypt." ' OHAPTEB I. ' I, Sylvanus Sylver, being old in years, am ' near that age whose consoler is gentle cleat! . am minded to tell a tale of my younge Ï years that were full of trouble. Pew ii Broughton Creek knew my early hiBtorj and the sorrow wedded to those years. Al , the notes in the gamut of passion haye bee; > sounded and thrilled ; life nas been the Barn from the ancient times, and its tradition ? liks the ghosts on the Bhoro of time. OL ,-" age is garrulous, and, like a sea-shell, sigh : of the far-off days of youth. My youth was spent in Egypt. There '. was engaged in a mercantile capacity by : . syndicate whose chief trade was rifling th ' tombs of the dead, and searching for trea sure. The business WUB lucrative am exciting. I often accompanied the band o " Arabs in our employment, and I had man; strange adventures. One that hasdarkenec ' my life I now relate. ' - On one of our expeditions we discoverec the tomb of one of the Pharaohs, and this ii : a singular woy. "We were camped in th< desert beyond Cairo, our tent being pitchec behind the shelter of a large rock, whicl " shielded us from the sun. During the nighi a terrific storm broke overhead, and the ail became thick with a funereal darkness Suddenly a flash of lightning penetrated thc \- pall that seemed to hang over us, and struct the rock behind our tent, splitting it in two . One part remained upright, and the othei fell with an awful crash. Fortunately il ..fell away from the tent. I was the onlj European in the party, so that my position was a precarious one. The Arabs fled, arie ' left me amid the .wreck of the tent which had been blown down, alone in the solitar; . desert, far away from any human voice, Suddenly the wind changed, and I crawled behind the remaining part of the rock. Before I was aware 1 fell into a sort oi cavern. Fortunately there was some sand at the bottom. Before I had recovered :. from the Bhock caused by my fall, tho rock fell, and covered up the openiug. I was struck speechless with horror at my prospect of slow and sure death, and my mental agony was intense. I groped round the Bidefl, and, to my joy, found that they were hewn, and there was a paBsage that led somewhere, probably to the valley below. This I conjectured from the current of air in the vault. I struck a light, and found that I was in one of the rock-hewn tombs of 'the Pharaohs, I also observed that there was a Blight crevice overhead, and there was some chance of escape. Already the storm .' was dying away, and morning beginning to dawn. At laBt a faint light glimmered through this chink, and I was thus able to . survey my perilous position. \- I saw at a glance that escape was impoa 'Bible, So I decided to explore the tomb. A long narrow passage led to the right. I reBolred to follow it, and I came on a coffin .that had been carelessly thrown down. I >pened it, and found the usual ornaments that showed the rank of the mummy, and proved it to be of royal birth. I also found to my great surprise a small box, and I was filled with astonishment when I saw that it contained a set of antique cbessmon. The box was quaintly carved, and was singularly unique. It was inlaid with white and black ivory,1 and the squares were of silver and gold, and carved with allegorical and mathe- matical figures and symbols.' The men were beautifully carved and inlaid, and I, being an ardent devotee of tho game, despito my peculiar position, was lost in admiration. The box, I noticed, shut with a strange and ingenious clasp. Here I heard tho Arabs shouting, and, being determined to retain this as my part of the treasure-trove, I hastily thrust it into my tunic, and called to the Arabs. They seemed afraid at first, and wondered whence the Bound came, but, taking courage, they peered through the crevice, and soon I was free. \ ¥e had hardly exchanged a few words when .we saw a sandstorm, on. the ^margin of' tho desert, travelling rapidly in our direction. Not a moment was to be lost. AVe mounted our horses, left tent and all, and fled for our lives. I had noted the exact position of the rock. So when we reached Cairo I was able to locate it. I was so overcome with, a burn- ing desire,to examine my treasure that I gave a scant account of my'adventures to my employers, who had been already suffi- ciently enriched by the expedition, and were satisfied that I had escaped. The ancient box and its antique contents haunted me, . and I Bhall relate how fateful it was to me, and the sorrow it brought. "While I write I seem to grow young again, and old age appeors to bo as far. off as tho ocean in the sea-shell. > 