FASHIONS, FAOTS AND FUNNY' THINGS. " "" - (By a Gleaner.) ! How illusive the worldris, None of us, or at least very few, are exactly what we seem ; and many of those things that, -we have the firmest faith in, really do nolexist. What are our thoughts, struggles, ideSs and wishes ? Yain. emotv. illusions.lshadows. and imagina- tions. Yet Longfellow with the inspiration that God gives to every true poet tells us to " Trust to thy heart and what the world calls' illusions." The inner world of man no less than the external world, is full of illusions, some of us walk about this world of ours — as if it were not of itself full enough of mydtery— as ready to sWallow anything wonderful or horrible, as the country clown whom a conjuror will get upon nis stage to play tricks with. In Ireland in certain great families a Banshee sitsahd wails all night when the head of the family is about to Btretch his feet towards the dim portals of the dead, and even in England, we hear of families who, by some unknown means, retain a ghost which walks up and down a terrace, as it did in that fan ciful habitation of Sir Leicester Dedlock, as discribed by Charles Dickens in Bleak House. Illusions of the senses are common in our appreciation of form, distance color, and mo tion ; and also from a lack of comprehension of the physical powers' of nature, in the pro duction of images of distaut objects. A stick in the water appc :rs bent or broken, the square tower at the distance looks round ; distant objects appear to move while we are in motion and the heavenly bodies seem to revolve around the earth. And yet we know that all these appearances are mere illusions. Then again some illusions are so beautiful, so healthful, and so pleav.nt, that we would that no harshness of this world's ways, no bitter experience, no sad reality could awaken us from them, Surely it must be these that the poet tells us to trust to,; and to place our faith upon. Faith in man or woman is a comfortable creed ; but you will scarcely find any who retain it. They|have been deceived, they will tell you bitterly. The mere pros aic man, who strips the tinsel from every thing, who sneers at happiness, and derives a mournful kind of pleasure from everything that is wretched ; who tests every coin and every pleasure, and tells you it has not the true ring, who checks capering Fancy with the whip of reality, is not to be envied. Very much happier are they who believe, and maintain that belief like champion knights against all comers, in honor, friendship, good ness and virtue. The FrenjJpi are a sad and unhappy nation, even at £he bottom of their external gaiety, they have a sorrowful word desillusionne disillusioned and by it they mean, one who has worn out all youthful ideals, who has been behind the scenes, and has seen the bare walls'of the theatre, with out the light and paint. The taste of life is very bitter in the month of such, their joys are dead sea. appleq, dust and . ashes in the mouths of those who bite them. No flowers spring up in their paths, they are melancholy and suspicious, very hard and incredulous, without faith in the honor and honesty of eillier man or woman. . Every one according to their creed acts with: self interest dector, friend, or servant, will be sorry for their death merely from the amount of money in terest they have in their lives. Bare and grim is the life of such. Happier by far is he who sits crowned with the flowers of illusion ; he may be and often is deceived yet his faith-remhins unshaken. The world is to! him a beautiful Eden, and in the Autumn of life we find him " trusting his .heart; and what the world calls illusions.". . ; The skirts continue to be made as plain as possible fe,front,. aud very foil at the back. The fiem at the foot of the skirt is wide and turned op on the right side, a piping serving to finish when wide worsted braid or several rowB of narrower braid are not used to com plete. Borne tailor m -de gowns are occasion ally bordered with beaded passementrie, but this kind of trimming appears incongruous, . and should be confined to dresses for indoor5 wear. A smooth-faced cloLh with a design of half-moons in a lighter shade of blue-grey is very tasteful ; the vest and cuffs of plain cloth, braided with narrow worsted brau in a much" lighter shade, this giving a pretty silvery look to the whole and is much more durable than the metallic braids commonly used of gold silver, and mixed tinsel. Hats are made in very coarse and ,also in fine straws ; some are open, and so 'styled lace straws. A twist of velvet or wreath of flowero below the brim and just ab'ovo the forehead is often found becoming. Then again , we see a rage for neat hats of coarse straw in various colors made in what is known as the Alpine, a Tyrolean shape the crown deeply indented and the brim curly." j Many of the French hats again are as large as para- sols. './ 