POLITICAL. Tno exeuntive eommittces of the two great politioal parties havo booeen doing their beet to solve the problem of the plethora of cane. didates by drawing up an oficial list of candidates, and in the case of the Freetrade and Federation Committeeoo no les than 51 of the electorates have boon dealt with. The pro. teotionists have also ohosen many of their men. The meetings hold on Friday night were obaraeoterised by perhaps moro than the euseal amount of disorder, Mr. O'Connor comingion for special attention from the rowdy and disreputable element. In foact, the Postmaster-Geneooral seems to haveo been singled out by the profeesiooant disturbers, and at Pyrmont last night the two open air meetings which he held were largely interfered with, all sorts of missiles, incloding even blue metal, being freely thrown about. A similar disturbance was attempted at the Protestant Hall, where Mr. hMdillan held a meeting, but here the anti-free-speech party met with an unexpected check. The arrange. monts made by the conveners of the meeting were so effeotual that overy attempt to creaste organised disorder was promptly suppressed, and after a few examples had been made, the Treasurer was allowed to conclude his addreia amid an almost unprecedented calm. At the New Masonio Hall, the freetrade bunch for South Sydney, coneisting of ?MIessre. Wise, IMerio, Foxall, and M'Donagh, held a mooeeting andhere there was lao disorder, though it did not, as elat Mr. O'Connor's meeting, assume the form of anotnal violenoo. It had beeon expcted that Sir Henry Parteeo would deliver an address at this meeting, but he wac, unfortunately, uneabl to attend. Both Mr. Barton, at East Sydney, ndl Mr. Playfair, at Miller's Point, were allowed to hold comparatively quiet meetings, thoughat the gathering called by the latter geotlemnc some wretch distinguished himself by sprionling the contents of a bottle of assahotida overthe pavement. IMr. Pulsford has retired from Elst Sydney because of certein differences between hicself and thle cFreetrade and Federation Conmrittcee. Mr. Alfred Coneroey hlaeo beeno unainceosly chosen to contest Qncnoebrchya in the Fetreldo interests at ltheo forthlcoming election. Omcning, Friday.--MIr. N. T. Collics ad dressed c large ned vecry orderly rmeeting lst night. He announcel himnself as a supporter of thle CGoverncment policy rathelor than of " thes policy of Mr. Dibbs." Mr. Colins is a Fleea tinniet. A vote of confidence was passedint hi favour. Junco, Friday.-ITho railway employees in this electonrate ae very indigmn t at th lCom miissioners not grmntLig tile usual faicilities for veoieg. bFully one half the mcn will be thus diefronohieled. Mscsrs. HIodgson and Boeby haove withfdtn from the Cnamden contest. A strong league Ihes been formed for theopnr pose of supprerssing organilshed disorder at al politicol enetigs, and of securintg as for r eossiblo the right of free speech by the eamdi tes. There are upward of 300 membes o the roll. It is understood thlt Mr. Burdekin's name has been eliminated from the list of annoonectd candidates for the suffrages of the rest Syedney electors, in conseqneuo of the uncertaintyof his futuore novemonts. Mr. Wise, speaking on Friday night on the question of freedom of contract, soid that the man who defended absolute freedom of oontrcot must resist any attempt to put down sweatiog, either by legislation or by union. The Paddington Freetrado Association decided on Friday night by an overwhelming majority to remove the name of Mr. Hellmrieh from tho "bnunoh," and to substituto that of Mr. J. 0. Neild. The Reoy. G. W. Smailes has been selcrted as the labor oandidato for the Hartley elecotorate. Mr. Albert Gardner, one of the oandidatee for Forbes, says that both freetrade and proteotien are as dead as Juliue Cmsar, though thekir ghosts are walking about trying to now diosen. eion in the ranks of the labor party. As Mr. D. O'Connor was driving from one of his meetings on Thursday night a lamp of tloo metal wooas thrown at him, smashing the cab window and bruising his arm. Mr. G, H. Reid says he has refused offers to go into overy Goveornment formed by Sir Henry Parkee since he (Mr. Reid) entered public life. Mr. Frank Cotton, one of the labor oandidatae for Newtown, says that the men who talk sbout " labor gnawing the scalp of capital in a bloody revolution" are traitors to democraoy. The Tradeo and Labor Connoil has adopted a motion protesting against the Governmeot fixing Wednesday instead of Saturday as polling day for the metropolis and suburbs. It is estimated that the United States wheat crop will yield a surplus for export of 200,000,000 bushiols. Dr. George Read has reported to tho Boardl of Health that a fowl and a duck farm at Rock dale are in a disgraceful state. Not one of the fowls is fit for human food, although hundrodi of pairs are supplied wookly to the Sydney markets. It is asoerted by the chairman of the London General Omnibus Company that the granting ol the demands oi the strikers would entail 0l annual cost to th oompany of £17,Q30. Alrendy the directors have conceded advances amountibg to £90,000. Alderman Savory, Lord Mayor of London, ti medieting in the dispute. Mr. Ferdinand Charles Lessopo is to be proa ceeded against by the French Government upon charges preferred against him in connection with the scheme for the completion of thoePan?na Canal. Firmnn prices continue to rule at the Ieodon wool sales, and oompotition is very active. A shipment of Australian apples, per the S. M.S. Paramatta has realiaed from lo0 to 12i a case in London. Tho directora of the London General Omnibos Company decline to meet their employees noa out on striko in a oonference. They fatther threaten the engagement of new hands forth* with. Tho strike of printers in Vienna has oollapted Mr. Edmund Mitohobell, eeorotary of the Vicl torian Pastoralists' Union, assorts that, ith two oxceptions, e!oaring in Southern Rlverina will be done by non- unionists. Sucoeosful results have followed the treatmnet of Melbourno patients with Dr. Koch's tabte onlino. Owing to the slackness of the coal trade the whole of the miners and outside labourers em" ployed at tic Coalcliff Colliery, Clifton, nars reooivod notioes of dismisaol. Colonel Sir Willintm Gordoan-Cunulindg hal written tn thne LNldrand Iaplor, protettnlfin agonlnt tlIo "gros I plnrtility " of Uiciet Juotnco Cole rideo inn tlil healcring of tlo rncoent sllnnller netioa. T'ioe Loindon oaunti~bl dri\vern have itnsuatl U lltimnatum to tile lmen on strike, offering II IlotrHn c dnay nfter July 13, but a reduction of wages flropn 7 aunctd io to s aclnd 4l Odt a day. ist i no abuondntly mnnife?t that tho nhonr n'dioiulty in Qsonslard is lppronaching its trminot oo, nvt? it is probnulo thnt in n fomw a st hwill resruro wort. doy tb orbn of Dlupties has iecided tho n rit o i 