hitman on ifc- Atoning ai tljt €an%tzxt&imx; of %L $ attl's dtaibtbtal, f&dbmtvm;, Hfatmarij &&, 18M. BY SAMUEL, BISHOP OP BALLARAT. Ephbsians. iii. 21 (Revised Veksiox.) 'Unto Him ibe the glory, in the Church, and in Christ Jesus, unto all generations, for ever and ever.' From this text let me speak to you of Cathedral worship. 'Glory be to God ' has been a watchword of worship in every age. 'Glory to God in the highest,' angels chanted in the sky, over tnat straw cradle which marked the watershed of history. ' In His Temple doth every man. speak of His glory,' saug a minstrel of the older covenant, long before ; and for ages after, down to the sounding of the sweet bells that gathered us to- night, has peeled up cease lessly irom unnstian santuanes, tne wiqe wona over, tne suDiime refrain, ' Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Ghost!' If ' Glory to God,' my brethren, be the watchword of worship. ; itiis the motto of Cathedral building, and should 'be the keynote of 1 our thoughts and words through all this memorable octave. 'Ad majorem JDei gloriam : ' that God may be more fully glorified ; there is the one reason why this House has been set up. Observe, our text runs, ' to Him be the glory.' The presence of the article implieB, 'only to Him.' We revere the memory of St. Paul, and all God's saints, and call our Cathedrals by their names; yet share with the early Christians a certain shyness even of setting their statues in our churches, lest, perchance, a single soul be tempted to divert to others any measure of tbat which is due in dread ex clusiveness to God alone. We deem it perilous to classify religious worship, and to accord it, under graduated terms, and with refined distinctions, quite unknown to Scripture and primitive Catholicity, to created beings, however saintly or august. ' Worship God 1' such is the angelic rule for worshippers. ' The true worshippers shall worship Him in spirit and in truth ; the Father seeketh such to worship Him,' said One who knew. And for that great end, I repeat, this Cathedral has been reared. For this, arch has here been piled on arch, and clerestory on triforium, and the fretted roof soars mysterious over head, and polished shafts uphold capitols of wreathen alabaster, and traceried windows tinge the patterned floor with glory, and' vocal music, sweet but awein spiring, lifts the soul beyond the sphere of sense into a world unseeo , and the organ rages in melodious storm, as the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, 'Alleluia, for the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth !'..... . It was a healthy thought of David, brethren, ' the House that is builded for the Lord must be exceeding magnifica1.' The one Temple, on preparing which he concentrated all the resources of the Jewish Kingdom, far surpassed in splendour any single sanctuary of the hundreds we build yearly in the British Empire ; but the high resolve, to erect a specially noble House for God at the beating heart of a great capital, is one' which Victorian Churchmen have shared with Israel's saintly king, and have to-day, by the good hand of God upon them, brought, so far, to completion. Yes, 'the House must be: magnifical.' The highest purpose answered by outward glory is to be a sacramental symbol of moral and spiritual beauty. ' The King's daughter is all glorious within,' and to correspond to that, ' her clothing is of wrought gold.' ' Gold and frankincense and myrrh' were what the Wise Men worshipped Christ with at His Epiphany ; ' ointment of spikenard, very precious,' was what the worshippers who ' loved much' lavished on His feet. God, as a token of His love, has ornamented with surpassing beauty this world which He has appointed to be, for the1 time, a house for His creatures to dwell in ; and it is a sound instinct which prompts His creatures in return, to ornament, with all the skill and taste they can command, the House they set up to be, in some sense, the dwelling place of their God. Is there a single syllable in the Old or New Testament to discourage this? Only in doing it, with us, as with David and his people, through all the enterprise must pulse, as a life-blood, the ever-present thought, 'It is builded for the Lord !' Unless this fair structure prove a home of His true worship, it will be but a costly and pretentious failure after all, and its come- : liness only the chill pomp of a mausoleum. : Whatever purposes it may legitimately observe, they all flow from, and may be summed up in this one supreme raison detre of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, the better worshipping, the greater glory1 of Almighty God. Of course, to this grandest of all ends, indirectly and. mediately, every fact in the universe — every detail in the tangled history ofrhuman action ? must needs conduce, and find its ultimate result therein ; but of Cathedral building it is to be the one conscious, direct, and immediate purpose. O, may the God of Glory grant that in this lovely Cathedral, now formally given over to His sole service, that purpose may, from the very first, be abundantly fulfilled. Now, in the rest of my motto text, your St. Paul reminds us what is to be the scene, the condition, and the duration of the worship of God. Its scene, ' in the Church ; ' its condition, 'in Christ Jesus ;' its duration, ' unto all generations, for ever aud ever.' ' The occasion will lead me to dwell chiefly on the first head. (1). Worship is to be in the Church. The worship of solitude is no exception ; for have you noticed how our Saviour, after saying ' enter into thy closet, and pray to thy Father which is in secret,' adds, 'after this manner pray ye, Our Father.' He who has not learnt to call God from the heart, ' Our Father,' will never know how to call Him aright, ' my Father.' ' Through Christ Jesus,' says St. Paul, 'we have access in one Spirit unto the Father ; ' that is, it is the Holy Ghost who links the Church into oneness, tbat furnishes the very atmosphere in which all individual access to God is to be enjoyed. No true worshipper worships as an isolated unit. Let me illustrate. Into the affection cherised towards a beloved father by each member of his family, enters, as an essential factor, the consciousness that other members of that family share the filial relation. A citizen's loyalty towards some great statesman or love inspiring monarch is no mere rapport between one individual and another ; the idea of fellowship with others goes . to make it up. ' God Save the Queen ' is never sung in solitude. The patriotic sub ject, as such, realises his character best when, in concert with sym pathising fellow patriots, he does homage to the object of his nation's loyalty. It is not otherwise with the worship of God. Man's devo tional life, like his domestic and civil life, though personal and individual, finds its perfection in becoming social or united. ' Each Christian is to live to God's glory, but not in isolation ; it is by tho work of His Church in the world as a massive whole that God ia glorified ; just as the rays of the sun, which illuminate every particle of the inter-planetary ether, are reflect ed in far-shining splendour only frcm the solid planet, that seems to swim amid an ocean of darkness. Now, this grand truth, that in service and in worship, it is by the . people of God as an organised whole that special glory is brought to Him, embodies itself, clot hes itself in form, articulate? itself in lan guage, when the Church assembles herself for prayer and praise. This Episunagoge, ' Our gathering together unto Him,' as St. Paul phrases it in his Epistle to the Tm ssalonians, is to find its full reali sation on an unknown day to come, and on higher levels than this world's; but should be anticipated, in measure, here and now, con- tinually, in that 'assembling of ourselves t gether,' which the author of ihe Epistle to the Hebrews — using the same Greek word as St. Paul — warns them never to forsake. And Cathedral worship is just an endeavour to present it on the ampler scale, and with sur TOundingB fitted so to ?' posture' the mind of worshipped, that their whole complex nature may best be exercised, while 'giving to the Lord the honour due unto His name.' No doubt a Cathedral offers great facilities and encouragement lo private devotions, but lit is specially intended to be a speaking symbol of the Church at large, as the scene of God's true worship. A building to be that shall be spacious, soaring, beautiful. To make it soitmustbe costly — but on what better object is Victorian gold likely to be lavished ? And its details shoud be enublemaiic. There will be the porch, » ith its baptistry,. by which men enter ; and the inner recess in the vista, towards which all press, where the beauty of the whole gathers to a focus in' ideal forms, moulded- after fair, but-unearthly patterns; and chamber bright, but with tempered sun shine, or rich sanctuary lamps ; singing with music ; angel shapes bending here and there to listen to the white-robed throng that chants around the altar throne. What a sweet remembrance^ is this to the devout imagination of St. John's glimpse into ihe H avenly Temple, where the four and twenty elders lead the praises of God's universe ! With angels and archangels, and with all th^ company of heaven, we too, 'Christ's Church militant here on earth, would conspire to praise Him ; and though sundered still by a thin mysterious veil from the Church in glory, love to figure * it to ourselves as joined Jo us already ; and we pierce our chancel arches high and wide, to remind ourselves that only a veil— and that rent— and no wall or partition stands between. Meanwhile, in nave and transepts, every minute detail is faithfully and beauti fully wrought, for in His Church God requires truth in the inward parts. AH kinds of material are there, for great and small alike find place and function in the Church, and together are built up into an Holy Temple in the Lord, wherein one rich stream of adoring song combines all voices, and rich and poor meet together, and the child's clear treble thrills, and the mellow tenors warble, and the rich basses roll stern and deep beneath. High over all peals forth . the inspired word, uplifted; in the midst, as the touchstone and stand ard of doctrine and worship in the Church, peals forth there without comment or interpretation, its expounder standing aside, his pulpit glorious and stately indeed, but not a central object, for his function .is but one means towards the great purpose of Church life — the fellow ship of the worshipping Church with the great object of her worship. ,And through all this there reigns perfect oneness of design and ?purpose ; it is a scene of common restful worship of God, planted in the midst of an unrestful world, the roar of whose fevered life out vside, dies down within' into a soothing murmur. 'Glory to God in the Church !' Is not that precisely what this splendid Cathedral speaks to ears that hear, and hearts that feel ? It is the significance of every well-equipped sanctuary in your diocese, but above all of its Cathedral Church. For that is* the pledge and symbol of Church unity in your diocese. Though new, it is its mother church, for, historically, the diocesan system is the parent of the parochial, and the first Christian Churches were . Cathedrals, to which Parish Churches are, in principle, but chapels of ease. And it, is the centre-point of its devotional life, where the idea of worship will, as I trust, be so fostered and deepened and strengthened in the midst of us, that every House of Prayer in our colony,— aye, and beyond it,— -shall feel the stimulus of the fresh standard in the worshipping of God which it has supplied. (2) For the few minutes that remain, I can only speak briefly of the teaching of the text as to the condition, and the duration of worship. Its condition is; 'in Christ Jesus,' 'In the Church and in Christ Jesus,' writes St. Paul, 'to God be glory.' That and to my mind ? is not uninatructive. Scripture gives not the least encouragement to a tendency rife in our day, to separate and contrast the Church and Christ, and to exalt the latter at the expense of the former. Why, the Church is Christ's body,— the fulness of Him that filleth all in ? all !' God is glorified (St. Paul, at any rate, seems to think) ' it the Church and in Christ Jesus,' not in Christ Jesus in contradis tinction to the Church. 'The Spirit and the Bride say, Come.' 'What God has joined together let no man put asunder.' Knit the Church in fine thoughts ever more and closely with Christ, if you would view her as the Bible does. Never sunder, — never set them in idea ever against each other. As well might you think to honour a bridegroom by disparaging his bride. ' In the Church and in Christ Jesus,' God is to be worshipped, the one as we hive s-hownis the scene of His worship; the other I call its condition. How free Scripture leaves devotion, brethren, as to outward form ! Moses' law prescribed national observances and a sacrificial ritual, but did not regulate devotion by a single statute. Indeed, it never commands either prayer or praise at all. It found these in Israel, the fruit of the enlightened instinct of mankind, and left them as it found f em, imposing limiting conditions only. Jehovah was alone to be worshipped; no image was to receive even outward reverence, and the New Testament is no stricter than the old in this respect. It proved the worship of Jehovah, as practised by the few, liturgical, musical, congregational and ornate ; and it pre scribed no change. It. imposed conditions only ; and these we find stated in the indicative, far oftener than the imperative, mood. Our blessed Lord, indeed, ordained two sacraments in His Church, and He recognised postures in devotion, and warned us against mere repetiti tions in prayer. The Apostolic Epistles condemn worship in an un known tongue, and commend congregational responding, and the sing ing of psalms and hymns, snatches of which here and there are quoted in them. Comeliness and order, they teach us. are to prevail in public worship, and edification is to be the touchstone of all detail. But I have not yet nnmed the supreme condition. All the worship and service of the Church, we are again and aqain reminded, is to be ' by Christ,' ',' through Christ,' ' in Christ.' In Him alone it finds acceptance. Through the Incarnate Son alone comes our access to God '; by Him only can our sacrifice be offered up. He it is who presents our prayers, as the great Angel of the Covenant, standing, as St. John depicts him, censer in hand, before the sapphire throne. He it is who presides over choir and pulpit, as the chief minstrel and master preacher of God's Israel, f r to Him an apostle applies the words, ' I will declare Thy name rnnong my brethren; in the midst of the congregation will I give thanks unto Thee.' Here is an in'sp red description of the worship : ' Spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ.'' All has to be steeped in Him ; our petitions speed to Heaven only as winged by His dear name : our songs and our raptures in proportion as they echo the heavenly burden, '? Worthy is the Lamb : ' sermons transform hearers only when they set Him forth arisrht ! The Church's most solemn season is the commemoration of His passion ; her day of jubilee, from which she reckons all her year, is the anniversary of His rising. Her central act of worship, the mainspring and heart of all her ritual, is the continual showing forth, according to Hia ordinance, of His atoning death. And God is glorified in Christ ?lesus in the Church, because He is the object, as well as ihe medium, of her worship. ' I saw the Lord upon a throne, high and lifted up, and His train filled the Temple,' says Isaiah ; and he tells how the Seraphims, hoveling above it, cried, '? Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts.' 'These things, said Isaiah,' is an evangelist's comment 'when he saw Christ's glory, and he spake of Him.' The Incarnation is the basis of all Christian worship. Apart from that, God seems inaccessible — the dreadful and terrible God ; in Christ Jesus all that seems changed, contact is setup between God aiid man ; access, communion, oneness has been established. Out ward and visible forms are now charged with an inward, beaming presence for believing souls ; and benediction streaming from above elicits grateful adoration from beneath. How unmistakably a great Cathedral sets this forth 1 The build ing itself grows up over a ground plan, whose very shape speaks to us of the Crucified. Every panel, every window light, every tile or vessel, or hanging has printed on it the symbol of His dying love ; w ile, at the heart of all, glorious reredos and holy table speak in all the mute eloquence of form and symbol of Him, and not hing else : but Him, who bought us with His blood ami made us priests to God. Oh, the Redeemer seems ' in the air,' as one worships in a - a House of Prayer like this ! il In the Church and in Christ Jesus' it seems to say, ' Glory be to God ! ' (3.) Of such worship the duration will be ' unto all generations, for ever and ever.' It sounds bold to predict it in this world of change ; but we are certain it is true, not only that God's glory will be eternal. — He would not otherwise be God— but that in ihe Church and in Christ Jems He will be for ever glorified. It is in this faith the massive cathedrals of the Fatherland we ie reared. trTliey dreamed not of a perishable creed, who thus c--uld build !' and in this faith we build cathedrals still, and build them beautiful mid strong. It would not shake our faith in the permanei.ce of Christian worship, were, some new Diocletian to arise, :md all Christian churches be demolished, as at the end of the third century. Yet the erection of great cathedrals is likely to oe one rneans,under God's providence, of perpetuating the true faith in any land. Ah, how orten has its extinction been predicted. Yet it seems no nearer now than in the days of Celsus and Voltaire. Empires rise and fall ; nations wither ; political and intellectual progress sweeps away outworn ideas and institutions ; new worlds are discovered ; new continents colonised. The worship of God ' in the Church and in Christ Jesus' lasts on unchanged ' until He come 1' Unchanged. Not altogether m the method and forms of worship, but in its scene and its essential condition ; and so it ever shall last on as one institution, and of one only, in this passing world. The edict of Omnipotent- h-s gone forth,- 'The gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' It is the worshipping Church of Christ. ' God is in the midst of her, and He shall not be moved.' O joy, that this seems shaping unmistakably into fact, for that true branch of the Church Catholic, which God's goodness caused to be planted in Britain in the first century, purged of superstition in ihe sixteenth, and planted out in Australasia in the eighteenth and nineteenth. Can we doubt that the Lord is with her, unworthily as her children have too often served her cause? How strangely the words I am about to read to you sound to-day. Yet they were re published lately, though written of England 40 years ago. 'Your churches are not a home, but a sepulchre, like those high cathe drals, once Catholic, which you know not what to do with, which you shut.up and make monuments of, sacred to the memory of what has passed away. . . . It is well to have rich archi tecture, and works of art, and splendid music vviien you have a present God : but, 0, what a mockery if you have not!' We have no single unkind thought at. this joyous season, for ihe memory of John Henry Newman, who wrote that; and, indeed, his words are full of comfort for us to-day. For if neglect of our Church and Cathedral worship 40 years ago be the ground on which God's absence from us was inferred, must not. its opposite logically teud to prove His presence with us now? In the last quarter of a cen tury England has spent 42 millions on her churches and cathedrals, . and the latter, open all day and every day, are thronged with worshippers continually. We have built 12 in Australasia in this, century, and four more are arising. And so long as the true con-; ditionsof worship are fulfilled in- them there shall be worship there, we venture to believe, to all generations 1 Dear fellow Churchmen of the Melbourne Diocese, believe in the heartfelt jubilation, the flowing sympathy, the grateful stimulating Admiration with which we of other dioceses have taken part in the ? thrilling worship of your consecration day. But 0, Eternal God, to Thee be all the g'nry of tuis work. And grant that indeed it may be ' for ever!' For ever (that is) till on a glad day fast coming the life of the imperfect pass into the era of perfect beauty, and faith be turned to sight : when, trained by the higher worship of earth for the faultless adoration of Paradise, ' In fairer shrines we hope to praise, * And on Thy nearer presence gaze 1' ? FRIDAY, JANUARY 23. The attendance at the 11 o'clock service was unexpectedly large, the nave of the Cathedral being well filled. The service was ' Calkin in B flat,' and the anthem, 'Thou wilt keep Him ' (Wesley). In the evening the building was again crowded. The service was 'Eaton Faning in C,' and the anthem ' Lead kindly light' (Stainer). The preacher was the Bishop of G-oulburn, who took for his test, 1 Chron. xvi. 27, 'Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness.' SATURDAY, JANUARY 24. At 11 o'clock Matins the service was ' Stainer in A,' and the anthem ' Comfort the Soul' (Crotch). The Saturday Afternoon Service was of a specially interesting character, being the first celebration of the anniversary of a Diocesan Society within the walls of the Cathedral. The Girls' Friendly Society may congratulate itself on having had this privilege. There was a crowded attendance, and it was evident that a considerable ' portion of the building was occupied by the associates and members of the various branches, which, we are glad to say, are fairly numerous in the metropolitan parishes. The service was compara tively plain, but the anthem, 'God is a Spirit' (Bennett), was admirably sung:. The hymns were special and sufficiently popular to be heartily taken up by the congregation. The service was said by the Precentor, and the lessons read by the Bishops of Melbourne and Brisbane. The Bishop of Riverina was also present, and we noticed several of the Canons and Lay-Canons in the stalls allotted to them. The Bishop of Adelaide was the preacher, and took his text from Psalm 144, verse 12 : ' That our daughters may be as the polished corners of the temple.' This Psalm, the Bishop said, was the prayer of a patriot. After remarking that the perfection of details is the beauty and glory of a building '-dedi- cated, as the Cathedral is, to the honour and worship of lAlmightj' God, he went on to say that in God's Spiritual Temple of the Churclr of Christ, there should be an endeavour after perfection even in little things. Those who fill the humblest lot in-life have a definite place to fill and a definite work to do in the Church, and in such subsidiary Church organisations as the Girls' Friendly Society, 'and should seek, in that and in these, to adorn the doctrine of God their Saviour. It is not the particular work that the individual has to do, but the temper and aim with which it is done that gives it value in the sight of .God, and that will win for it at last the reward of His approval. A certain poor girl had been placed by God in circum stances of peculiar trial. She was much discouraged, and thought that any work she could do for Him must needs be worthless. One night she had a dream in which she saw a number of girls gathered with herself around the Saviour, who gave to this one and that a flower of great beauty. To her He gave a daisy, she thought it was hardly worth while- to tend a flower so common, but she did tend it carefully, and in the end she found that its form had changed ; where the daisy had been there was a beautiful crown. The sermon concluded with an exhortation that all connected with the G.F.S. should join heart and hand in endeavouring to set forth the 'symmetry of God's Spiritual Temple, working together for the benefit of the whole, of which each separate member is a component part. The Taj Mahal at Agra is, perhaps, the most beautiful building in the world, but the feeling it begets in the mind of the beholder is a feeling of dread. It is a tomb, and there is no life in it. But the Church of Christ lells of life, and is instinct with life — the life of God in Christ. It is built up of living stones. Sometimes, in view of our failures and sins, the thought may arise within us that we are ' none of His.' But this thought should find no lodgement. Look at the reredos of this Cathedral, and the story it tells of the Cruci fied, of a Saviour, wh^se name is Jesus, because He saves His people from their sins, and take courage. The Bishop of Melbourne, pastoral staff in hand, gave the final benediction. SUNDAY, JANUARY 25.— THE FEAST OF THE CONVERSION OF ST. PAUL. On the Sunday morning the service was 'Smart in F,' and the anthem was Mendelssohn's ' How Lovely are the Messengers.' The preacher was the Bibhop oE Bathurst (Dr. Camidge), who took for his text Acts ix. 21. He said that the services being held were matters of interest to the whole Church in Australia. He had never attended services which more faithfully represented the spirit of the Church of England liturgy, or. better brought out the impressiveness and beauty of its ritual. The consecration of the Cathedral was asso ciated in their minds that day with the conversion of St'. Paul — the event which turned a blasphemer and persecutor into a preacher of the Gospel. So the ceremony of last Thursday had turned the building of wood and stone into a temple in which lowly souls and broken hearts might find pardon and acceptance from Jesus Christ. The very building with its lofty lines spoke to them of the length and breadth and h eighth and depth of the Love of God. They had done well to call their Cathedral after St. Paul— the Apostle distinctively of Englishmen, from that love of liberty and truth which belonged to him, and which is an acknowledged trait of the English character, and should be also of the Australian. It was hoped1 that the result of the building of the Cathedral would be -that rrtany ' would learn from the life of St. Paul to seek for themselves the Throne of Grace In the afternoon tho service was 'Smart in' F;' arid the anthem was, ' And he Journeyed' (Mendelssohn), descriptive of the incidents attending the conversion of St. Paul; ( -;..., The Dean of Melbourne preached, taking 'for his text Haggai ii. 9 ? — ': The glory of this latter house shall be greater than pi the former, saith the Lord of Hosts.' The Cathedral was crowded in every part. It was the theme of general remark that the Dean's voice rang as clearly through the building as that of any other preacher. The service was 'Smart in F,' and the anthem, ''And he Journeyed, but the Lord is Mindful, Rise ! Up. 1 Arise' (Mendelssohn). The evening service was plain, not choral, as' is intended always , to be the case, the musical portion being simply chants and hymns. The preacher was the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Kenyon), who took for his text Philippians iv. 9. : He thought there was fitness in the naming of the first Australian Cathedral (Sydney) after St. Andrew (who first found his own brother, Peter), and the second (Adelaide) after St. Peter, Andrew's brother ; but it was specially happy that the Cathedral of so great a city should be named after St. Paul, the Apostle to cities— proud of being born in one who was never more at home than in crowds, in the market place afc Athens, on .the Castle's steps at Jerusalem, in the theatre at Ephesus, who must have men with him in his hired house at Rome. In England the cross and dome of St. Paul's rose out of the din and roar, of the greatest city in the world ; so here, in the greatest city of the south, the Cathedral named after him stands where the throng is largest, where the trains and 'rope-guided gondolas '' debark their living freight, to draw to it the stream of life at its flood, and give it. the character God would have it to bear. There was nothing inconsistent with St. Paul's simplicity in dedicating to him a gorgeous Cathedral. He and those round him gave of their beat to God, and we shall, not imitate him by denying to God's glory the costliness with whioh we minister to our own, but by making our offering of beaiity, and majestic ritual the expression of a sincere love and a genuine adora tion, xiieir uaDneurai auuuiu. luusiiaue ior tnem me nouie qwumes of St. Paul's character ; his whole-heartedness, by being, unlike the stagnation of the Cathedral institutions of last century, the centre of ever-expanding organism and ever-deepeninir spiritual life; his many-sidedness, by being like him all things to all men; with stately ritual for those who are won by it, and a place for theold, old story to be sent home to men's hearts — his missionary zeal— and his frank and fearless dealing with social questions ; not taking sides, but viewing each in the light of. brotherhood.in . the Jjord.; hisoneness with Christ, the key to his power, the secret of his peace. . MONDAY, JANUARY 26. The morning service was 'Rogers in D,' and the anthem was ' Blessing and Glory' (Boyce.) In the evening the anthem only was changed, ?' I Praise Thee' (Mendelssohn) being substituted for that of the morning. The Bishop of Riverina was the preacher, his text being 1 Peter ii. 4-5. At the Christian era no building could boast such associations as the Temple at Jerusalem. It was to the Jew the symbol of the unity of religious and national life. Its solid structure, its stones evenly fitted together, and rising stase above stage in the sacred edifice, supplied to the New Testament writers those strikin g images, 'living stones,' 'spiritual house,' &o.;, by. which they expressed the membership and society of the Christain Church. Its very disappearance, after its uses were fulfilled, ha-i emphasised the truth that material buildings are only means to spiritual worship. The opening of their Cathedral for such worship was an epoch in the history of their diocnse. Good encouragement for the latest born of Australian dioceses, and for himself, its first bishop in their day of small things, was to be learned from the story of that building, for which the first Bishop of .Melbourne could only sigh and wish, of : which it was given to the second bishop to s^e the foundation in hope, but of which the third bishop, with his clergy and laity j was now bringing in the headstone with jo'y, crying, ' Grace, grace, unto it.' The services were well attended throughout the day. TUESDAY, JANUARY 27. . I The congregation in the evening was again very large. The service was 'Gibborn in F,' and the anthem, 'I Have Surely ;Bui It' (Boyce). The preacher was the Bishop of Brisbane, and the text, Eph. iv. 12., ' The building up of the body of Christ. Church organisation had to be considered from the point of j Christian utilitarianism— for which test St. Paul had given the pre- . 1 cedent, in his comparison of the gift of tongues with prophecy. To | estimate the advantages of a Cathedral, it needed to take into account the genius and structure of the Church. The diocese, not the parish, was the unit of the church system, the bishop the fons et origo of. diocesan organisation. It was the strength of the Church of Eng v land's position that, when true to its characteristic structure, it opposed to the broken waves of individualism the solidarity of a system resting on the delegated authority of Christ, handed on in unbroken succession from Apostolic times To St. Paul, ' edification' was primarily not of the single soul, but of the whole body. Now, the relation of the Cathedral to the corporat life of the diocese, was that it was the centre and pivot of diocesan work, and a strong hold of spiritual forces which should be felt in every parish and home. Cathedrals had been introduced in such missionary fields as Nebraska, Iowa, Minnesota, not from servile imitation, but as indispensable to diocesan work. The Cathedral, with it3 chapter should embrace a school of theology for the young clergy, weekly classes of instruction and exposition for the young men and women in business, ' retreats' for the clergy, festivals for the various associations. The Canons should be men of special gift, free from parochial distraction. Their liberal Churchmen should go on to endow cauonries for this end. Some feared that the Cathedral services would lessen the congrega tion of the city churches, but such a mean and narrow consideration could not weigh against the enormous increase of force gained by the Church as a whole. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY, 28. Very large congregations were still the rule both morning and evening. The service in the morning was 'Boyce in A.' and tbe anthem, ?' Oh 1 How Amiable' (Richardson), in the evening the service was ' Stanfordin B fiat,' and the anthem, ' Awake ! Awake!' (Stainer). The preacher in the evening was tho Bishop of Sydney (Dr. Saumarez Smith), his text 'being Rev. vii. 15—' Theiefore are they before the Throne of God, and serve Him day and night in His temple, and he that sitteth on His Throne shall dwell among them,' with which he contrasted Rev. xxi. 22— 'And I saw no temple therein : for the Lord. God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple, of it.' We have much pleasure in announcing that this sermon will be printed in our March number. We regret indeed that the limits of our space prevent us from re-producing for our readers all the sermons preached during this Octave. As that is impossible, we should like to suggest that net complete set of discourses be printed in i a memorial volume, which, we are sure, would find ready purchasers. ? ^PJ^S^Y,JA^AUY^2^ ? mmMmitMM, The concluding services connected with the consecration of the Cathedral were held this day. In the morning the service was ' Stainer in E flat,' and the anthem, ' What are these?' (Stainer). At the evening service the anthem was ' Great is the Lord' (Onseley), and'' Smart's Te Deum in F' was sung. The C ithedral was again crowded. The last sermon in the series was preached by the Bishop of the diocese, from the text, Psalm c. 4—' Go your way into His gates with thanksgiving, and into His courts with praise.' jferttt0tt ^vmdjth bn t\\}t fBisKjtfp rrf iltdbounu! in %t Haiti's Oktlje&ral; an (lljursfcajj (Btatttg, ifamtarg' £9. Ps. C. 4 The key-note of the jubilate is praise, and thanksgiving ; and I have desired that the same key-note should domiuate throughout the concluding service of this memorable octave — memorable alike for the grandeur of the sacred building now dedicated- to the divine glory, for the animated and animating worship in which we tave been permitted to take part ; and for the retrospect which it invites of the goodness of our Heavenly Father in sparing his servants, who laid the foundation of this House of Prayer nearly eleven years ago, to enjoy at length the work of their hands. A distinction must be drawn between praise and thanksgiving. We praise God for what He is in Himself , for His attributes of power, wisdom, love, justice and holiness. We give Him thanks for His gifts bestowed upon us. Praise' is the nobler exercise of the two. It is less selfish ; it lifts man out of himself, it transports hini beyond himself. It brings him face to face with God. There is no consideration so suggestive of the original nobility of man's nature, as this, that he was created capable of praising God. This high capacity is emphatically asserted by that very revelation which contains the most humiliating exposure of the degradation wrought by the Fall. Fallen though man is, though the whole head be sick, [and the whole heart faint, he may be so restored after the image of Him that created him, as to render to God the praise due to His name. We cannot praise one of whom we are ignorant. And in the truth that man is capable of praising God, is involved the truth that man is capable of knowing God really and truly, though imperfectly. Though God be eternal, infinite, incomprehensible, everywhere present, and filling all things, and though these attributes be so high that we cannot attain to th,ein — yet we can form such conceptions of God as to offer to Him an intelligent homage. We can, by His gracious help, ' praise God in His holiness ; praise Him in tbe firmament of His powers ; praise Him in His noble acts ; praise Him according to His excellent great ness.' And it is a delightful thought that day by day during tbe hallowed week now drawing to a close, these massive pillars have trembled, and these solemn arches have answered one to another., as the tuneful choir and the multitude of worshippers, accompanied by the high-sounding organ, have proclaimed ' heaven and earth are full o£ the majesty of Thy glory.' But there is another side to the picture. We have been rejoicing in the large numbers which have daily frequented this church, and in the anthems, canticles, psalms and hymns which have kindled our devotions, and in the words of wise counsel which have been addressed to us. But how can we shut our eyes to the existence of the vast masses around ns, who are never found singing the praises of God 1 It is a sad fact that on every Lord's Day, the greater part of the -150,000 people, in whose midst this Cathedral stands, are conspicuous by their absence from our places of worship ; their hearts have not been awakened to sing the praises of God. My brethren, there is one mighty obstacle to praise, and that is sin. Sin and praise are far as the poles asunder. Sin shuts the mouth of praise, and silences its voice. Sin 'freezes the affections of the soul towards God, so that His rebellious children alternately forget Him and hate Him, though in His wondrous forbearance he loads them with benefits. The love of sin fills the haunts of tho drunkard, the adulterer, and the gambler, and empties our churches. It banishes the thoughts of God from the hearts of His children, until they resemble the fool who pays in. his heart, ' there is no God.' Who' will not pray that this church, with the sweet music of its bells, its organ of wondrous compass and power, its attractive services, and its noble architecture, so well and wisely situated in the midst of this world's traffic, and charging no seat rents, may exert over many a wanderer the sweet influence ascribed by one of our poets to such houses of prayer :— ' Within these walls each fluttering, guest Is gently lur'd to one safe nest Without, 'tis moaning and unrest.' Who will not desire that this edifice may be regarded not only as a home of the devout soul, but as a spiritual sanatorium, a house of mercy, to which sin-sick souls may resort, and wait for the moving of the water of life 1 Oh ! that it may resemble that house in the ? parable, wherein music and dancing were heard, because ' this and that thy brother was dead and is alive again ; and was lost and is found.' These, considerations may serve to remind you that though praise , is the nobler exercise of the intellect and of the heart, yet that thanksgiving is specially suitable for sinful creatures, and indeed that praise in the highest sense can not be rendered to God,_ nor be acceptable in His sight, unless we have first been taught to give Him thanks for the unspeakable gift of a Saviour from sin. Our worship during this week- has not been confined to praise. Day by day has that sacred feast been spread, which from early ages has been termed Eucbaristia ; for the Supper of the Lord is emphatically the Eucharist, the great act of Thanksgiving for the love of God aa dis played in the death of His only begotten Sou as the one all-availing sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. This gift it is which sanctifies and blesses every other gift which man receives at his Heavenly Father's hands. This gift it is which, when received into the heart by faith, alleviates every sorrow, heals every wound, takes from sin its curse and power, from death its sting, from the grave its victory. The strange question has been asked ' is life worth liv ing ?'' If life and immortality had not been brought to light ~ through the Gospel, it might have been worth while to discuss such a question ; but as the case now stands, the prospect which opens before the eye of him in whom Christ dwells, the hope of glory is so ineffably bright, that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to it. When thanksgiving. for the pardon of sin and for peace with God through Jesus Christ becomes the language of the heart, praise is rendered possible. The renewed mind, cleansed and purified, 5'now capable of admiring God in all His attributes ; especially it is capable of admiring His holiness. The holiness of God, instead of being unconquered and repulsive, is seen to be supremely glorious : and the praises of -men commingle with those of angels and archangels, and all the company of heaven, in magnifying His name, and saying, ' Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts.' .' ??. .' It is in the light of such truths as these, that I desire, to view, that special subject of thanksgiving which has gathered us together^ in such large numbers during this never-to-be-forgotten commemoration of the goodness of God in permitting us to worship Him inHhis building. The foundation stone was laid on April 13th, 188O,:5nearly eleven years ago. The difficulties which embarrassed the inception and impeded the progress of the work, disappeared one by ojae ; and those of us who, like myself, have only seen the building in its later stages, rejoice with those who bore the burden and heat of the day, and join our praises with theirs to Him who has guided their counsels and prospered their handiwork. Those who have given liberally of their substance to this undertaking, whether they have witnessed the large daily concourse, or have heard it from others, cannot fail to be thankful to Him who disposed and enabled them to aid so good a work. They may exclaim, as King David did on a somewhat similar occasion, ' Who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort ? For all things corne of Thee, and of Thine own have we given Thee.' Con- ' cerning the structure itself, I will add here but one commept. I have known large and costly churches to become a source of bitter disap pointment and constant annoyance through an incurable defect in their acoustic properties ; indeed, until a building is completed, it is commonly a matter of uncertainty whether or not the ordinary speaker will be audible in it. It is, therefore, so much the more a cause for thankfulness that the Cathedral is. as easy to speak in as so large a church can be expected to be. The members of the Church of England, those of them at least who understand the constitution of the Church of which they are members, will thank God that, now at length, after a waiting time oE move than forty years, the Church in this Diocese possesses a Cathedral worthy of the name, and that the members of the chapter — clerical and lay — will find fitting em ployment Avithin its walls. The Chapter of St. Paul's, Melbourne, is a body for which any Bishop may thank 'God ; for it consists of clergy and laymen well qualified to fulfil the duties assigned to a Cathedral Chapter in ancient times — ' to assist the Bishop in things spiritual when the see is full, and to supply his place when the see is vacant.' The old chronicler, Henry of Huntingdon, who flourished in the 12th century, has left a graphic sketch of the members of the original Chapter of Lincoln, many of whom he had known personally. After having given a description of them, he adds : — /'They loved what we love; they desired what we desire ; they hoped for what we hope. The lesson of diligence and zeal they left behind them was — ' to make life something different from a sleep.' ' It may be that there will be resident in this colony, half a century hence, some chronicler.who, gazing on a still nobler Cathedral than this, may determine to record his fugitive recollections of the conse cration of the Cathedral in Flinders-street, in 1891. If lie should do so, there will be one scene at least which he will not forget to describe — the hush of expectation which pervaded the multitude of worshippers on the Sunday afternoon of the Octave, as they watched Melbourne's first Dean, the old man eloquent, bending under the . loid of fourscore years and ten, slowly mount the steps of this pulpit, presenting a vivid illustration of the Psalmist's saying, that i( the righteous . . . shall bring forth fruit in their age . . . that they may show how true the Lord my strength is, and that there is no unrighteousness in Him.' Thankful, too, we may well feel that, so large a number of clergy and laity from the country districts have flocked into this city during the week to join in the services of the Cathedral, thus recognising it, new though it be, as the Mother Church of the whole Diocese, the sacred shrine whither the tribes shall go up, ' even the tribes of the Lord, to give thanks unto the name of the Lord.' Lastly, I would menti n, as a topic . of hearty thanksgiving, the presence among us of leading representatives of the Church in other dioceses, both clerical and lay, who have come hither to manifest iheir sympathy with us, and to emphasise the great truth that, we are members of one body, and that ' if one member rejoiceth, all the members rejoice with it.' Especially do I recognise among the chief blessings of the week the exceeding: kindness of my brother Bishops, who day by day have occupied this pulpit, and whose words of counsel and encouragement will long be remembered by those who heard them. But ere we part, ere the last echoes of Canticle, Chant 'and Psalm have died away, and our octave bas passed into history, let me urge you, my brethren, to bear in mind that praise and thanksgiving, in order to ascend with acceptance to God, must be accompanied by the surrender of heart and life to His service. We have been listening daily to very sweet and elevating music. We have heard the songs of Zion asending from many voices. The strains were intended to suggest holy and heavenly thought, and to lift the soul upwards ? on the pinions of love and hope. To those among us whom God has been pleased to endow with that delicate perception of the meaning of sounds, which men call ' an ear for music,' the service of song has been delightful. There may, however, have been some present who .are less favoured in this respect — persons who, through deficit of nature, or lack of cultivation, have not fe.lt them ; or, at any rate, would have been equally content with the strains of a very inferior instrument, rendered by an inferior musician, and accompanied by the voices of less-gifted singers. Yet this is a defect for -which they are not responsible, nor does it imperil in the least their future hopes ; for we aie assured that the glorified inhabitants of the celestial city, having been clothed upon with their home; which is from Heaven, shall all alike be vocal with the song of praise— ' No voice exempt ;. no voice but well can, join Melodious part ; such concord is in heaven.' The song of praise shall abide for ever, when all need of prayer and of preaching shall have ceased. Then shall every tuneless ear be opened, and every voice, once harsh, shall discourse the sweetest music. But there is a song, the knowledge or the ignorance of which, so far from being indifferent, is a decisive criterion of our spiritual condition and character. It is called in Scripture ' a new song,' because it is the language of the renewed heart, and its accom paniment is the music of a holy life, which shows forth the Divine praise. Let us beware of putting sentiment and emotion in the place of religion. Let music and song be the handmaids of devotion, not the substitutes for it. Then shall the services of the earthly sanc tuary accustom us to climate and atmosphere of the Jerusalem above, and attune our hearts to its praises. May each of us, as time passes on, learn to adopt, as the language of our own experience, words which have of late been consecrated anew, because they were sung over the closing grave of the greatest preache.r of our Church — My tongue shall never tire Of chanting with the choir, May Jesus Christ be praised. This song of sacred joy : It never seems to cloy. May Jesus Christ be praised. Be this, while life is mine, My canticle divine, May Jesus Christ be praised. Be this the eternal song Through ages all along, May Jesus Christ be praised. The offertories throughout the Octave amounted in all to £1040. As the expenses connected with the inception of the 'Cathedral services, which fall, not on the Cathedral Erection Board, but on the Chapter, amount to £1500, it is hoped, in order that the Cathedral Maintenance Fund may not start in debt, that the balance (£-160) may be made up in a few days by special contribution. An anony mous donor has promised £50 for this object, conditionally on the other £410 being forthcoming. The Cathedral, in the intervals between the services, has been visited during the week by a very large number of persons. 