\NO!.:tFSO POi'ULAR ,S'CIEfNCEL. , ?-(.ip the Science Corre.sponld'nt of the :':? _ '-. i: ' ,: ,· . :. : mt i dsian. ) Tu re'r ign oftobo Prince of Peace has noiiyete oimineoied, or elso the peaco msuakcrs are those who make a country desolate, tlhbn call it "peace." There is a grim truth in the logic that the be est way to preserve peace is to be prepared for::war Nevertheless it is melancholy to think of the scientific genius which is deflected into warlike purnsuits and preparations. IIHere, for instanco, .is another'now explosive in vented. It has been termed ccrasite, and its French etymology signifiesn its terrible power to efface men and women off the face of thei earth. Its explosirve power is stated to bo seven times that of dynamite, and it is ser viceable alike for cannon and cart. ridges. It will cause a bomb- shell practically to demolish a line of 500 men. It ought therefore to be very popular in military-ciroles, as it would give a chance of promotion. All potato.growers are acquainted with the fact that occasionally one of their tubers is found perforated by the creeping underground stem of some plant. In the last number of the Gardeners' Chronicle there is figured a potato perforated thus by couch grass. That is common enough, but not so the true interpretation, which, by the ring of it, I suspect to be that of the wise editor, Dr. Masters: "The roots of the plants are formed within the substance of the plant, and make their way out from the centre to the circumference, not only by pressure exerted during growth, but by secreing a diesi'e .fr enrcst which softens and dissolves the tissues, and allows of the emergence of the root. The roots of the couch-grass coming into contact with the potato exercise a similar property, and are thus en abled to penetrate the tuber." The italicised parts in the above sentence are my own. Professor Herdman, of the new Liverpool University College, is one of our most active zoologists. His researches among the compound asoidians have made him well known in the scientific world. fegarding those interesting and world-wide *marine oreatures, whoso place in the arrangement of the zoological genea logical tr.e has been so often die cussed, Professor Ilerdman thinks the compound ascidians are not the sur "viving descendants of a single group of ancestors, but have descended from soeveral stems, which have arisen in dependently from different kinds of simple ascidians. In his study of these complex organisms, rendered more complicated than over by the un expected factors which Dr. Herdman ihas been obliged to import into the question, the old question of what a " species" really is crops up again. It would seem as if the metaphysics of mediemval schoolmon were inherited by modern sciontists, just as the lower animals inhlerit disused organs. Speakling on this subject, Professor Herdmsn says:-" Now that we know Sjust as much and how little the term '* species' indicates, it ihas become of great importance that species and varieties slhonhl be re-studied from the evolutionary standpoint, that the re lations of allied forms should be care fully iuvestigated, tie limits of their variation determuined, and the effice of their environment ascertained." Dr. Hase, an Italian entomologist, has devoted some time to the special study of the odoriferoius organs pos sessed by Indian aid Australian but terflies and moths. Sometimes the odours exhaled by thle males will at trast the females some distance, and frequently the opposite is the case and the female odours signal to the males. Generally, however, it is the male odours which are most attractive. Dr. Hase has been closely investigating the special parts of the insect whence these important odours are exhaled. In some of the butterflies he has found them in the shape of odoriferous scales on the wings, on the upper surfaces in the heteromorpha. Sometimes they are placed on the front, and at others on the hind pair of wings. In one group of lepidoptera (Chmuerocampa) the odour glands are placed on the neck, in the sphinx moths on the belly, and in the danaidie and others near the genital organs. In many butter flies the parts of the wings which rub against each other in flight bear com plex combination of odoriferous scales and hairs. .It is nearly half.a-century since Pro fessor Liebig denounced the profligate waste of valuable fertilisers. He showed that substances of even greater : money value than the fascinating gold, then being worked in California and 'Australia, were annually travelling seawards, in every river and stream. The fertility of European fields was Severy day wasted with riotous extra :vagancee. Thence forward, as the people increased and multiplied, and every city and town cengratulated itself how largely it had added to its population since the last census, the sewerage difficulty crept uip, and endeavoured, like a pauper, to " gain a settlement." Town councils behaved civilly to it at first, for it was a now-comer, and they invited it to takelo a front seat. They were glad to have something to talki about, and the eowerage question being then a very small one, they talked about it well, for town council lors can generally talk best and longest on les sijtnmissima. Just as the people increased so did the sewerage difficulty. From being a favoured guest at town council meet ings, it soon passed on to be a slighted one. Next it became a "boreo," then a ghost- which, how ever, only haunted councillors oevery election time. Eventually it became a tyrant, to be bribed off by tile under takling of expensive engineering works, the ratepayors feeling they were keep ing the Goths from the gates of Riomne. In this way one city paid more than £100,000 to keep tile enemy from the gate, and it is now preparing to pay a second and perhaps a larger tribute. The whole civiliedl world admits that our so-called soewerage system is a failure and worse. It is even more so than when Liebig denounced it forty or fifty years ago lilke a socially chemical "Ibsen," Half the people in a populous town have ino other visible reason for living than to poison the other half-just as Dr. Wendell Holmeos says he can understand why 0o many millions of human beings exist only on the theory that they furnish carbonia acid gas for the vege table kingdom to foeed upon. With prophet-liko eyes many an economicol chemist has studied and experimented with a view to settling our sewerage difficulty. Onr first view of that is to remove tho "nuisance." In that ominous word is wrapped up not only the first sense of offenouco to the nostrils, but the host of opidemics which may at any time issue forth, liko tihe evil genii of some Arabian Nights story, to spread disease, distemper, and death among our loved and honoured ones. Thenou what is the good of our wealth ? :Rachel weeps for her children, in the palace as well as the cot, and cannot be comforted. Theincreasingpoison traps favour the development of "microbos," "microzymes," bac toria," " bacilli," and a host of others we knew nothing about until our fathers bred them by sewago systems, just as the biological students cultivate their " germs " artificially on "gela tino " in the laboratory. In fact, an ignorant osewage system is a germ broeeder and distributor on an enor mous scale; and yet people wonder why such new and apparently in fectious diseases as influenza spring up amongst us. Consequently I am glad to draw attention to a lengthy paper in the last number of the Contract Journal on Sewage Dis posal. It sceems to be the first brelak of real sunlight out of a very cloudy sky. It is the record of lengthy sxperiments on the value of alumine ferric as a sewage precipitant and neutraliser, a stopper of vile smolls, and the possible arrester and utiliser of soewage fertilisors. 