HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST -15 [p On the night of October 27 1842, the good old ship Mary Compton, of Bristol, England, ! was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to cut sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there,. and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened, j An enemy of the lighthouse-keeper had I bound him hand" and foot and extinguished the light | Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall he said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm- tossed spirit "To are beyond human aid,"' These, words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say | so? No ; for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the I light. ' ' ' This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. HOT heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand, Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or set down for fear of' falling. Sho broke out in a sweat although 'cold as death. A dreadful cough Tucked hair frame so that she could not be down in bed, and sleep. I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. It went to the Dispensary at Now Briggatc and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' 1 have mixed ' you some medi- cine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair, "talked with two other physicians. The last one said You are past human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave, them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite, and had lost flash till I was thin, its a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I throw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 9 o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill in East-street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jcason's, the chemist, in Great Garden-street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt hatter. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April 1890), in better health than over before in my life. I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs, Ann Mills 40, Bread-street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and days Eepsia, with Symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. AN 'UNCERTAIN VERDICT AND HEAVY. SENTENCE. The Chester Chronicle says: "At the Chester Assizes (E.), Mr. Justice Vaughan Williams sentenced a married woman, named Cutler, after a continuous sitting of nearly 15 hours, the verdict being delivered shortly after midnight, to live years'' penal servitude for perjury, The decision of the jury" and the severe sentence excited much comment at Chester, and Mr. Brassey, solicitor for the defence, put him self into communication with the jury with a view to getting the Home Secretary to reduce the punishment. After the replica to served by Mr. Brassey, Mr. Matthews ought to experience no '- difficulty about coming to a conclusion on the merits. One juryman writes :-' I was one of the five to hold out against the verdict of guilty. You will naturally inquire why I gave way. One reason was that we had sat from 0.30 arrive. until midnight, and it was of great importance that I should be at home on the following morning. Had it not been for that I would have sat for a week without giving way, because I considered that there was a doubt in the case, and that the woman should have the benefit of it. I did not think the sentence would have been more than six months at most." Another jury-, man says;-" I was very reluctant in con- victing the prisoner, as there were very great doubts in the case. For myself, was in a favour of giving the prisoner the benefit of the doubt." A third jury- man writes : " I think there has been a miscarriage of justice. Although a verdict of guilty was returned, many of us were very hard to convince, but owing to the late hour we felt that a verdict must be arrived at. As to the sentence, I should, like it to be considerably reduced, or entirely cancelled." A fourth juryman says that the verdict turned on certain plans of promises, and he was so dissatisfied with the sentence that the following day he went to inspect them, and he made up his mind at once that had he seen the premises prior to the trial, he certainly would not have given a verdict of guilty. He adds ex- planatory, "The jury were about equally divided, but none WH strongly against the prisoner." , Tone up the system and Improve tlioappotito by taking Ayer's Sarsaparilla.' It will make you used ' like a new person. Thousands have found health by the use of this great blOOIl-purlUgr, whom all other' aiMusfauM, in iii J 