. QUEENSLAND NOTES, (FEOM A COBREBPOHDENT.) BRIBBANE, April 25th. Tempora mutantur et nos mutamur in Ulis. Such is the existing, state of affairs hore now, and the barden of the guilt lies at the door of the Australian Labour Federation. Thia august and enlightened body, oonjointly with the erudite members of the Shearers' Union are dragging the present strike along with wearying persistence, to the sad detriment of themselves aud the colony at large. The im- mediate result of this is that we ara plunged into the very vortex of a sea of insolvencies and fatlares. Merchants and fensiness men of all grades and ranks are reaping a destructive crop, the seeds of which were sown by those belligerent and silly agitators known as the " labour Leaders." From a condition of hopeful prosper- ity admirably supported foy the singularly bright seasons we have been favoured with during the past two or three years, when nature had been clothed with a beautifully rich and successful verdure ; whon the prioe of wool had risen in à very substantial decree ; aud when business in all its brandies wakened from its previous lethargic state, was bright- ening np and looking forward to the dazzlingly brilliant times which shone on the horizon of the near future ; this colony has descended to a condition when men's minds are unsettled and despondent at the ravages and desolation caused by the now notorious horde who call themselves " Unionists," to a condition of things when miles and milos of grass are barning on all sides, a gigantic ex- tension of which is only prevented by the excessively heavy rains which have fallen in the districts infested by the miscreants who start the fires ; to the wilfnl and malicious sawing of bridge supports, for the purpose of wrecking trains carrying wit nesse3 against the ohief actors in these depredations ; to the wilful barning down of woolsheds ; to large bands of disorderly and riotous mon, under tho command of experi- enced drill sergeants,and only restrained from breaking breaking out into open revolution and revolt by the decisive action of the Gov- ernment in .keeping detachments of soldiers patrolling about the different centres ; and to the absolute stagnation of tho business of the country, tho oppressive monotony of which is only broken by the disturbance caused by insolvencies of greater or lesser degree. At such a state have we now arrived, and there is no knowledge when we are likely to have a change. Labour troubles, in the eastern oolonies at least, are now the rule in stead of the exception, and one set of diffi- culties are scarcely overeóme than fresh and "unexpected ones, like the ghost at the feast in Macbeth, arise to excite our wonder if not our reprobation, until their repeated exhibit tum becomes grievous and abhorrent* The i workers, from whom higher aims might be , expected, led on by mischievous agitators, clamour for what they are ploased to term I " tbs rights of labour," and they fix the Standard of these with the infallibility of a divinity, or the effrontery of a des- pot, and rush to give it effeot with the reokless soul of a Goth and the ruthless spirit of a Vandal. Oaprtöious and fickle AS women, any adventurous boo-hoo with gran« diloouent tongue can do what he likes with them if the fights of labour and the wrongs of the borny banded are set forth wich big show and noise. It is variously estimated that there are be- tween eight and ten thousand shearers on strike, while the Government have a large j foroe of military and police on the affected districts. Tho sohemo for the threatened emigration to the Argentine Republic is being secretly carried on, and a delegate from the Labour Federation leaves for Buenos Ayres this week to make the preliminary arrangements. The labour leaders who wera arrested have been committed for trial, but a number of men charged with' intimidation have received the severe sentences of three months' hard labour in Roma Gaol. So far this seems to have had a very wholesome effect upon the others. Tho Queensland Railway Guide is at last to the fore.: It will be remembered that some time ago the oomamsiou for ita oom* pilation was entrusted to the oare of Mr. Archibald Meston, with instructions to write " a concise history of the colony, and complete description of all country traversed by the Taitway lines, with interesting extra Informa- tion for travellers, tourists, and. all other ; classes." > The fáfckt bW npw been written with the well-known versatility of the author, who will be remembered JIB having- for some time represented the electorate of Rosewood ia the Legislative Assembly, where he gained the name of the "Sacred Ibis," owing to his repeated references to that re- presentative of the feathered tribe bailing from the River Nile. BsBides being-in the habit of contributing some very interesting and readable sketches on shooting, botany, and exploring to our local journals, Archie is an acknowledged authority on the aboriginal language of Queensland and New South Wales, an explorer, a geologist, and an enthu- siastic botanist. The old time-honoured custem of firing a cannon, punctually at one o'olook, from tbe Observatory HUI has at last been discontinued! Far some years past the expense, amounting to about i860 per annum, has peen defrayed by the Munioipal Oonnoil, and as the firing of the gun has at length ceased to be Regard- ed as a convenience by the general public, sq few being able to hear it, the warrant for its discontinuance has bean;signed. , r : The Telegraph Newspaper Company hos been served with a writ for libel at the in- stance of. Mr. Alexander Costello, barrister at-law, owing to their publishing n trenohant and sarcastic article under the headtng"of " ExperientiaDooet/'.oriticising Mr. Costello's conduct of a oase then beiug heard before the Chief Justice, Sir Charles Lilley. The amount of damages has not yet been laid. The long-winded perjury oases against the brothers Goldsmith have at length been con- cluded, and the prisoners have both been eentenoed to five years* hard labour in St. Helena Gaol. Both prisoners were defended by Mr. Costello. The oases wore heard before Mr. Justioe Harding, and after His Honour had completed his summing np, and before the jury had retired, Mr Costello endeavoured to address the Court, and was immediately oalled to order by His Honour. Upon counsel still continuing his address, Mr. Justice Harding ordered his arrest, but an ample apology being given, Mr. Costello, a young barrister, though in the prime of life, was released. I am informed that the rumour that Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice of Queensland, intends to resign bis position and re-enter the political arena, is likely to he shortly fulfilled. Sir Charles has lost no opportunity of late of addressing the' people, and it is asserted that he is coming out strongly upon the labour platform. In the way of amusements wo have been fairly provided for of late, for, in addition to the usual weekly popular concerts held in tho Breakfast Creek Pavilion, Madame Patey has given a few concerts at the Theatre Boyal, which have been but sparsely attended owing to the inclemency of the weather. The Montagu-Turuer Opera Company have been drawing comparatively good houses at the Opera House, where they have been produo* ing such favourite pieces as Maritana.Carmen Faust, Lucrezta Borgia,!Martha and the Lilley of Killarney. 