CHAPTER m. THE M AK WITH A REMARKABLE COUGH. 4 Now, Pinnie, we are going to my little home. If you were a young woman in- stead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and see all my artist work.' * Great, big, and awkward ?' said the slender youth, * I thought I was not so large.' Miss Lamont laughed heartily, as Pinnie cast his eyes down upon his loose sleeves, and undertook to 4 modulate ' his walk to the graceful movement of his companion. But her laugh was hushed to silence as she realised that the boy had never yet had occasion to penetrate the depths of a joke. 4 We will take a cab,' said Helen. 4 If it is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk.' 'Oh yes, it is but a mile or two.' 41 am sure it would not be much to walk that,' mused the youth, looking at the thousand objects around him with an unconscious interest. The young girl smiled, and her eyes beamed as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple-minded and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conversation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought hers in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of merriment he made no attempts. He had seen it in others the faculty may have been omitted in his nature. In this walk Pinnie told his story, little recking that its single chapter was to prove of profound and tragic interest to Helen Lamont. All that he could tell was that his parents had been lost at sea while he was an infant, and that he was saved by being picked from the deck and tossed into a boat in the midst of sailors. He had heard that he was a year old at the time. Where his infant life had been passed he never knew. His earliest re- collection was of a huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spanero. He had been told many times by Spanero, when angry, that he had taken him from 41 an orphan hell when a brat." Even his name was nnknown to him. No one had ever told him why he was called Pinnie-he had no other name-unless it were Spanero ; and Spanero had knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. 4 And have you never worked any- where else?' asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. 4 No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes ho speaks to me kindly.' 4Told you about what?' asked the young woman. 'About how 'cubs' were worked to dea*h as soon as possible to make way for new ones.' 4 And you believed this ?' said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. 4 He would knock me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me.' 'And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years?' asked the astonished girl. I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him that I was a little daft once and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by 4 daft' after- ward, and he flew at me with his knife. So I never asked again.' Helen looked at the boy for a moment, and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school, she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. Til en Pinnie recalled her to the topic, 4 is it not true ¥ % What, Picnie Y 4 That men killed boys by working them to death if they have no parents ?' 4 No,' said the girl, indignantly. 4 Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you Y 4To what Y he asked, with a curious look on his face. 4 To love you-like you?' 4 Oh, yes,' he said sadly, 41 think your pictures loves me. I atay by them after you go at night' The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face followed by deep crimson flushes, even to her snowy neck.- What did this childish talk mean-what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city ? 4 Pinnie !' 4 Yes, Miss Lamont.' But she did not continue. Was it possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind 1 She changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. 4 Pinnie,' she said, 41 am doing all the talking-do you never chat Y ? No, I think not.* 4 But I know there is a deep thought in you somewhere.' He turned his eyes away, and slowly whispered,4 There may have been once, but I have lost it.' _ 4 No, finnie, it is not lost-it is laid aside for all these years, and we will find it.' 4 Miss Lamont.' the boy replied with a heavy heart, 41 sometimes think so. ' Rather the feeling is present when I do not think.' Helen had seen a like expression on ¡ his face-once when he looked upon a painting of himself which she had quickly put on canvas for amusement. The in- tellectuality had been painfully magnified ; but from that picture Pinnie had caught an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the hand that he had taken and continued, speaking slowly and carefully * There are times when the dream-life you havo spoken of goes away, anda door opens wide, and I see that I live in prison \- and when I want to get out I-I-dare dare not.' Still she uttered not a word. She was not sure of her footing in such depths. The dream of life of which she hid spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hide and seek with the common facts of lifo. ? Then I dare not-I-' He broke off, and began agnin. 41 dare not step beyond-but I think, sometimes, vory, very hard-of what, I hardly know.' Still Helen kept silence-wise unto the moment. 41 think of those who have seen and talked with the children, and the flowers, and the woods, which we paint. And I think thut perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and thu ships, and the life you and others talk of-then I might have thought -is that the .sea, Miss1 Lamont? Is it ? That is the «e:i.' Ho had lit U<1 his eyes-and they rested upon the w i ic rs of the bay, in sight o which thej&ajl; come by theturnmgoLa corner. TJaey stopped; He stood motion-, less and speechless, bat with fixed stare and-hands to his eyes, shat ont the other world-and gazed upon the realms of ; waters-nnconscious. of her presence. Oh, sad awakening. In all the upheaval and overturnings of : after life, when the electric impulse aroused fest, love or passion, Helen; Lamont never felt such a thrilling sense of profound sympathy, anger, surprise, and mystery aa at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the shadow- but her soul revolted against the outline-represent- ing the dwarf age of this life. She stood by [him fora moment and caught her breath. 'Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy. what does it mean ¥ she cried. ' It is the sea, the great sea 1' Like the evelations of the lightning in the dark- ness was the sadden change from sadness to joy upon his face. »And why do you say this?' asked Helen, suppressing her own feelings. * Of course it is the sea.' But within her breast there dawned a faller conception of the awful crime against this waxen faced youth. Pinuie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed apon the ocean, and his sonl was filled as with the realisation of a dream. " He was unconscious of the girl by his side. She walked on deepiy mystified. Atlast he Bpeke to her without lifting his head: * And, Miss Lamont, thia Is the green i grass-and this is the country of our paintings ?' * No, Pinnie, this is not the country; see, here are buildings !' ' A few, so far apart,' he muttered, looking at the residences within the large suburban lots. * And there are flowers net painted, are they ¥ And he leaned over a fence in transport to catch the rich perfume he had never known before. The time had corné when Helen could bear this uncertainty no longer. She put her white hand on his arm, and said earnestly-41 do not understand you, Pinnie. Do yon mean that you have never seen the sea before ¥ 4 I have often heard of it. My life began on the sea-it'was my birth place, I suppose.' ' And you have not seen it for a long time V 4 I never remember to have seen it.' 'How? And lived in this city for years ¥ 'I have lived at the school,' Pinnie replied. 'And you have not seen the flowers and the woods ¥ 4 Oh, yes, indeed ; I see them every day-you know,' said he, looking at her surprised. ' Then why have you not seen the sea ¥ 4 Oh,' he responded, with some hesita- ' tion. ' Tou mean these, the living trees and flowers. I-I-have seen the-the painted flowers ¥ The tone and look-out into the world before bim-would have touched a steny heart with pity. To the melting heart of the lovely girl, herself battling for fife in the open world, in was crushing. She wept. The shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had opened the door of a prison hoase, of the existence of which she was unconcious, and still to some ex- tent unbelieving. The reality was beyond immediate relief. Oh, of a man's sad want -this was the most touching she had ever known or dreamed. It was the star- vation of a soul. ' Misa Lamont,' he said, after her tears were dried, ' I think I know something of why you cry. But your life must be happy with all these riches !' * 1 have no riches, child,' she replied. 'These are the riches of others,' pointing to the houses and gardens. 'I have nothing but my hands and thoughts.' * Riches,' he muttered. ' I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea-what are riches. Miss Helen, that others have and we do not ? Where are they ¥ * I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. But all these things that you are not oura.' ' God does not give them away, I sup- pose,' said the young man,' with the simplicity of a little child. * Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these thing,' exclaimed the girl sud- denly. ' No, I cannot read.' ' Tou 1 You cannot read ¥ she asked in astonishment. ' No ma'am,' Pinnie answered, hanging his head. ' You never told me this. I would hare taught you.' 11 was going to tell you. Are we near your home. Miss Lamont ¥ ' Yes, Pinnie, it is close by.' ' May I not rest here a little t This is a great way. I did not know the miles were so long.' The boy sat down on the edge of the pavecrent, under the oak trees which still remained of the primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again npon the sea and the sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. The glory of the scene swept over him with an incomprehensible power. He had seen its beauty oft before, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over tha broad waters, was a picture for which there was no language within bis powers. He was glorified, and spread his arms over the vista, as if the sublimity might in some degree escape him. Truly, the granduer of the universe waa poured into his soul, and all the infinite possibilities of a mysterious nature overwhelmed him. He sank down upon the walk, covered his face with his hands and wept, for what he knew not. In the presence of this new and won- derful revelation to the soul of the youth, Miss Lamont withdrew a distance-and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart-the overpowering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the fii-st time. She came to him, touched his arm, and said, 4 Come, it is night ; we must go.' He rose mechanically-and walked by her side as an automatom. He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged on. They reached the gate. As he stood by to let her enter and lead the way, a long hollow cough startled his reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bene, thin, grey-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted his eyes to nod a passing recogni- tion-and immediately brought his shamb- ling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, grey, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, bat not a muscle moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth re- turned the «teely stare with the unflinch- ing look of innocence, of ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features ? A sickly faintness came over him-he swayed to one side, and would have fallen had not the old man with sadden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a house whisper, * I have you now.' Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the sight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gate tray. ' But the old man had fled, and Pinnie lay upon the ground. As the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery the excla- mation. 4 My God, it is not a ghost, not a vision ! ' and a hallow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. 