UNABLE TO SLEEP, Thcro scorns no reason whatever to doubt (writes " Peerybinglo" in The Weekly Times ) that the death of youug Molluish from an ovor- dosQ of ohlorodyno, was the result of an acci- dent. Ho was iu tho habit of taking chlorodvuo to induco sleep. Havo you ever known wliat real sleeplessness means ? I do not mean the slooplcssness of a night or two, but that con stant insomniu that is tho worst of all diseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is ono of tho symptoms of futuro insanity, and it is a present boll. Tho word sleeplessness coracs trippingly off tho tongue, but it is a fear ful thing to Buffer. Think of what must bo tho night-liio of a man who cannot sleep, yet who has tho . courago to refrain trora indulging in tho dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at miduight, and trios to court slumber by reading. Ho reads pago after page, but fails to grasp tbo meaning of tho words. Ho turns back aud strives to fix his attention onco more, but in vain. His brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp tho meaning of the printed sentences. He lays dowu tho book, puts out tho light, and resolves to tiro tho brain out. Tho eigbing of tho wiud around hiB houso becomes endowed with language; tho placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstop thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses him of somo forgotten siu, or shapes itself into a prophecy of somo fearful and impending danger. Ha peoples the durkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his oyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his faca down upon tho pillow, they whisper iu his ear ho knows not what, savo that ho feels they are accusations, aud that ho is cureod of heaven and has no right to burden a fair nnd liappy world with his blightiug presence. Then perchance he will doze — it is not sleep— und he will in dreams live an ago of ghastly terror. Ho will commit murder and bo condemned to death, aud when tho hangman has tho ropo around his ucck, ho will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that makes him feel clammy and sick. Ho will light his lamp and look ut his watcli, and will sink back with a weary moau when ho learns that it is not yot five minutes since ho quenched tho tight. Every ten minutes through tho long watches of that cnillcss night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible convictiou will dawn upou him that this is tho otornul night of death, and that tho morning will never come. When at last tho day breaks it brings no plcusure to him, for his nerves and braiu have been at such a tension that ho rises sick at heart, and uurefreshed of body. Tho light is somothing to be thankful for. however ; but tLo day is soon over, and tho still, horrid, pLantom-pcoplcd night is to be faced again. wLat shall ho do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is tho madhouse or tho gravo. Is it any wonder theu that ho should fly to drugs ? They give him at least forgetfulness. Thoy shut out tho terrible eights and closo his ears to tho ghostly whisperings. Thoy do not give Lira refrcsLing slumber, but they givo hitn tho sweet oblivion of death until the morn. Thcro aro good peoplo, people who can sleep like a top, who ara loud in their denunciations of thoFc wLo fly to opiates to induce sleep. "Thev je-t at scars that never felt a wound. " 