flees as Adversaries. Those who have personal knowledge and ex? perience of bfccclture will bear out the re mark that bees are not particular as to the size or the position of the home in which they choose to dwell, so that itsuffices for thetm to carry on with security Lheirwolderfulopera. tins. Ill their wild state cavities of rocks aIt hollow trees are alike available : and in their dlomestic condition, they have no pro. forence for a straw castle over a house of \oo1, lno r a wooden house over n straw The bee, which, while under proper treant nwentt, is one of man's best friends, proves, whent molested, a terrible foe. Allusion is maule to tios by Moses, In his story of what Sfell tile sraelites in thelir sojourn in the iklcrness. " The Amorites came out against -, ,and, l chansel d you as bees do, and dcftroyed yo,." Tile strength and force of their stilng is esuch as to enable them to pierce the skitn of tile horse and othter larg animanis, and kill them. Their ordinary speed wheo in flight is from sixty to oighty miles an hoar, sand they have been known to fly past tile windows of anl express train when travelling at tfll rpced in the sameo direction. Tihe be's manner of attack is to dash straight at the object aimed at; and commonly, when rex cite:l by the presence of some mteddling per son, they will attack the face, aimitng caIpeci ally at the eyes. W ienll tile tholsaondlts which tlitabit a hive are aroused by the sound of ahlam---well understood by all the inmates to repel an invader, they sally fortl with a courace and determination which none can withstand, attacking their foes on every side with a fury it is impossible to resist. Kintg David must ihave witnessed just such ascene, which the reproduccs in his description of the fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelentitng fc: " All nations compassed me about; they coompaased me aboutt like bees." itecently, the mishap of a porter in hand. created an mnasing and ratlher alarming scene at the station. There was a general stam pede of plsssegers and oillicials Ilying inevery directionl chased by tihe infriatcd bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the box, restored confidence and quint, for, flock ing loyally to her standard. the whole colony returned to the case, which was then sent on its way. But even this is a small affair cotm. pared with what is related in ancient lhistry of persons being driven from their halbita. tions, and the inhabitants of as entire town being compelled to flce before myriads of bees. dllianus, who flourishe. about 200 A. D., gives an instance of this in one of Iis seventeen books on animals. funago Park, the African traveller, mentions a modern in stance which took place near Dooproo: "We had no sooner unloaded the asses than some of the people being In search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a largo swarm of bees. They came out in large numbers, and at. tacked men and beasts at the same time. Luckily, most of tbe asses were loose, and galloped up the valley ; but tihe horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to seanmperoff in all directions. In fact, in half anl iour tile bees seemed to put an end to our journey. In the evening, fwhlen they became less troublesome and we could venture to col lect our eattle, we found many of them much stung and swelled about the head. Three asses were missing; one died in the evening, another next morning. Our guide lost his tlore, and many of the people were much stung habout the head and face:" Persistence of the Beaver. - The quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale attempt against their pence is astonishing; yet if their numbers are undis. turbed, or diminished but gradually, even the presence of civilization will not drive them them from their lhaunts. To-day beaver are returning to streams in Miclhigan, long ago abandoned by their race, sinply bcauso they flnd themselves unmolested, the demand for heaver.peltry being slight,and the prices paid out of all proportion to the labor entailed in trnaping. It has been said that, if a data or ihouse be once injured by the Iatnd of man, the colony at once disappears. lBut that this is fallacious is proved by the following : Twenty-two miles frout Marquette, Mich.,on the Carp Rliver, a beaver colony began the erection of a newdam. Though the embank. mnent of a railway rai nearly parallel with tie stream, and trains passed backward anuI forwtard daily, they seemed in no way dis turbed, anl worked steadily oil until tie water had riseu a foot or more. The track master. observing that this endangered the line-for the embankment had been i tilized as a wing of tile dam--ordered the wsatcr to ie drawn off. Itat the following day the beavers had repaircd the damt cut throudlh, andl the water was its former height. Again and again nnd again was the damn cut throuigh, rnnd as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was cut and repaired some lifteen or twenty times ere the beavers were susltiently dis couraged to abandon their attcempts. White Sparrows.--Instead of tilhe ord nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of the tlou. sands of sparrows in Maconl are white. Pro. festor Willett of fMercer University ihas made a close study of insectivorous birdls, and when this fact was brought to his attention lihe snloppo~ ed the wllite sparrows were merely albinots. Nature plays her freaks in all cl:oacs of tile anioal creation, anti scatters albintos amnong mllen, benals and birds. Often il a big drove of blacklirlas a white one is fOllund. Bult tihe white sparrows at Macon are too inumerous to be accountel d for or tile theory of chance, which woold ex'plain the pre'sence o o ne in a thoullllsarld. They ar exactly like their companions in every, re. spect save color, and there is no evidence that tihe white and dlark soparrowss have croo:cd; they are all cither so iI white ornoliod brown. LonlldOn Needle Wolllen.-The rwomolen engeL:red in tile shirt trade iret the full ast ill olf, is badly paid, roid as much to be pitied as were their sistels in tihe iay when i dood sangt their sorrows and sutlierint. The wo tmatl who is solelty dependent lupon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. She sooniU bcenns ill very deed. 'T'lIh scamltstless, lean and weary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on, who, In poverly, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. lhappilly, many of the shirt hands are noot wholly dependoent tpon the earning of their needle. Nulmbers of tile nlarried womlen of the poorer classes work at tihe shirt tradel rith a view to supplensotltng Ibo scannly wages of their husbands and the additional income thus gained, thloogh it may be but thrce or four shillings n week, sensibly In creases the comfort of tohe household. Cono sileting the wretched prices paid for the wrllt, the surprising thing is Ilat tloe swomoen sollo'tt earus even ras tluc at It s somase of them dot, Take the biuttoios.hling - a hlasling ln',h of tile work. iThe It ? are ll p lllnehedl l its thot fnactol iess the work ofr the ioutto lor ihands holotg I htiltCh tltth rtttt . This buI to Illsf ii is ithait lly " tittlintlog" w ,olo,-t attil oct lte o rate at which I it s paid for biy till sweatera Is a !,ennty per's t, 'o' etoilars, As e tah cit ollar has thle! hss,sth1 f, slo? finds her own needle an c tont,It ls to otitcih tlirtysix httols fora t1s1oy. sv11)oet 00utoit to[ Isa aeex nIs, hot ttoskilag long 000rs, by rising ,arly to't nttnmerluorningssnd ltlithglatoto l'inttr nt' hsi, by living on faod bhat is "traody to bl oo Ut ttof the ti outh,"s ioocly broi d anld butte ftr, nls eltl' g ots tohey forkt; biy ctit tag oi t OCse sIots sto oi tf t oe battot hJIolmlS will earu as mluch Ihs eight or IllO obillini s or week'Os. iThe pricels oit bty Ihe tatiL lntt rl w O is it ot to to osill the Ilhst I Il ll t aiRrtt c Isortaitly Stclh a8 WtO ld Itllstale It akilled stat i1onostriooul lalltot m hko nt livtll Wvoe : lullfnt Itsnultrr Htaul all h mU rto allInost sopltot) 1 solel'tif too o Silr oy Istn hid i csn Slti thle tellslor lUscens of tile so,'saloer art' creo!. Ivory sman oo brahis maks snok m khtalto tof life it roi an for Itot trlf. I t1 slis a ngoal ihoofot ? iitllt'y ant ii tos for If." 'floor toI t may ot w fth strivistl h fortr II slay oIlll Tie way t it sIty sH otill ItI wilth Itslrth I111 hai nel totnes t or it ms s' stool, 'hlosrto lt, iot itti for ot t Illsath l Iltlolf o ti det r. I'ootll: "Why dto's the avooirohnpis 5yn. toot Ii sua t no serooftles ?,'' trof. flololoer : " oIhonseso', soy fooy, it s sts d to weligh coal tntl? Oy is otolo r'cticoh, Phsasoo,' liko obblllelo, olot tonts e rfillrcei thlios who ldrink deep lol buie ltfortnoen, ir ,+. -. +. -'-*'5, 