EARLY AUSTRALIAN DISCOVERY : RESTORATION OF EARLY AUSTRALIAN CHARTS. BY GEORGE COLLINGRIDGE. PART III. CHAPTER I. Western and north-western coasts. — Gold known to exist in the vicinity of the Kimberley district. (I) Marks the site of those islands and dangerous reefs on the western coast known as Houtman's Abrolhos. The Portu- guese navigator Menezes is said to have visited this part of the Australian coast in 1527, but whether he was the first Portu- guese who actually charted these islands and reefs is not known; they were charted, however, if not before, soon after his voyage, as they are marked on all these old Australian charts, although the word Abrolhos appears on Pierre Descelier's Chart alone (1550). When the Dutch undertook their first voyage to the East Indies by way of the Cape of Good Hope (1595— 1600) the brothers Houtman were their leaders, but as many years elapsed before they became acquainted with this part of the coast of Australia, it would be difficult to determine at what period they prefixed the name Houtman to the Portuguese word Abrolhos; may be they generously bestowed the name of their pioneer to the rocks in question before ever seeing them, except on Portuguese charts. (J) and (K) may be taken together, as marking two important localities on the western coast where Portuguese inscrip- tions occur. These inscriptions indicate that a landing must have taken place at these two points. The first I interpret as being originally Aq 'Surgemen, 'Here we landed,' the other Aq 'Desvarem, 'Here we set our vessel afloat' — this interpreta- tion is not founded alone on the probable meaning of the corrupted legends that occur on these Gallicised charts, but is supported by the testimony of another inscription set down immediately under Aq 'Desvarem, and which I have reason to believe refers to the setting up of a cross or 'Padrao' in this locality — a practice A Portuguese Padrao. always adhered to by the Portuguese and Spanish whenever new territory was dis- covered by them. (L) Terra Anegada — Submerged land.' Thia appellation occurs on this shallowest and apparently most submerged portion of the north-west coast — a coast so shallow that, owing to the difficulties of approach, portions of it have not yet been surveyed. The term 'submerged land ' is therefore a most appropriate one, as the name Shoal Bay, given by P. P. King, in the same locality, bears testimony. The inundated appearance noticed by many is due greatly to the extraordinary rise and fall of the tides along this part of the coast. P. P. King, when at anchor in Camden Bay, in 1821, says:— 'At the anchorage the flood did not seem to run at a greater rate than a mile and a half an hour; but it ebbed two miles, and fell thirty-seven feet, which is the greatest rise and fall we had yet found. It is probable, from the intricate nature of the coast, that these high tides are common to all the neighbourhood.' (M) Marks the site of the 'River of tte Holy Ghost,' — the Daly River of modern charts — and a little lower down, to the north-east of the Kimberley district, occurs another interesting inscription Costa d' ouro — 'Gold Coast' — showing that the existence of gold in the locality was evidently known to the Portuguese. With reference to this name indicating the presence of gold on this part of the Australian coast, I may mention that I received, some time ago, a letter from a gentleman in Melbourne who remembers having seen, many years ago, an old map, on which, in the locality of the Kimberley district, the legend Terra Aurífera had been set down. I extract the following from this gentleman's letter:— 'I send you an outline of an affair which happened whilst I was employed in the service of the West Australian Government, in, I think, about 1857. A convict American, but who had broken the law in England, and had been transported, informed the authorities in West Australia that, prior to committing the offence, he had been ship- wrecked on the north-west coast of Australia, in an American ship. He was a mate on board. The survivors, after incurring many privations, were rescued from the mainland by a ship passing from Dutch India. During a sojourn of a few weeks on the coast, the party proceeded up a creek in search of better drinking water, and in doing so found " water-worn gold " in small quantities in the creek. The mate then, after he wae transported, offered to point out said locality to the authorities in West Aus- tralia, provided they would get his sentence revoked. The Governor caused an inquiry to be made into the matter, in order to ascertain whether the mate was aiming really at a legitimate release or at getting away from the guards, which it had been proposed to send in a small coaster with him. Reference was made to the maps in the local survey office. The Admiralty charts threw no light on the subject, more especially as the mate could not, with Old Australian Chart. any accuracy, point to the position where his vessel had been cast away. But an old map, of foreign penmanship, was shown by Lieutenant Roe (afterwards Captain, R.N.) then Surveyor-General, and since deceased, which showed, in a line a little north of the Abrolhos Reef, a considerable tract of country, stretching in a north and easterly direction, marked Terra Aurífera.* Eventually, the mate was sent up under guard in a small coaster; but he failed to point out the place of his shipwreck, or where the gold had been seen by him and his companions. He did not attempt to escape, and on his return still stuck to his original story; did not get any more punished; and the whole story was allowed Costa de los herbages Spanish Ships, on the 'Coast of Pastures,' New South Wales. to drop, and has not, to my knowledge, ever been re-opened. I saw the map on the occasion in the Perth Survey Office. The chief draughtsman, Mr. Hillman, afterwards sheriff at Perth, and since deceased, was of opinion that the mate made no invention, as his description was a tally with the old map. But the mate had not assisted in the navigation of the ship; no sun had been seen for a proper sight for some days before the ship was wrecked. Thus, it was impossible to fix on the right spot on either an old or new map, etc.The old map had other names on it, chiefly in the Dutch language, such as Dirg Hartog (island in Shark's Bay); Rottnest Island, off Free- mantle, etc. I do not remember seeing any French names, such as Cape Naturaliste . (northern portion of Cape Leeuwin) etc.' ... From the above it is clear that the chart referred to must have been full of interest, since it corroborated, in such a remarkable way, the Portuguese mention of the presence of gold on the north- western coast; whereas the absence of French names pointed to the probability that it had been compiled before the French expedition, at the beginning of this century. With the expectation that it might yield some valuable information in connection with the very mysterious origin of Dutch charts, I resolved to make inquiries as to its existence. I wrote, therefore, to the authorities in West Australia, and received the following reply, according to which, I am afraid, the chart is not to be found:— Crown Land's Office, Perth, May 12, 1890. SIR, — 1. In reply to your letter of the 17th April, I beg to inform you that I have heard of a chart having been in existence, on which was marked the words, TERRA AURIFERA, but I have never seen the chart and do not know where it is to be found. 2. I very much regret, therefore, that I am unable to assist you in the way you desire. I am, etc., JOHN FORREST, Commissioner Crown Lands. 