Story Coiumq. St. Outhbert's Towsr B FLORENCE WARDEN, nthor of "Tho Honso cn tho Marsh," So. (Tho solo rlobt to publish this story in Brisbane has boon purchased oy tho Telegraph Newspaper Oompany from CasseU and Company, London and \- Mnlbourne.) CHATTI:R XXI. — TIIB " Yicaiuce " IIAY- MAKRia. Ned Mitchell removed tlio moat ' carefully from the room, nnd hid it uwny for further examination. Poor, trembling Mrs. "Wall haying hy this timo returned to her .place in the kitchen, he went in and asked her in a dry voice, if sho had heard anybody about the place in his absence. " Xo, sir," quavered she. " Indeed 1 didn't." " You wore out, of oourse." "No sir; at least, I'd ouly gono just half way down t' hill as far as t' post- offico, to got in a pound of sugar because you're out of it, Bir ; and I givo you my word, sir, I'd never ha gono if I hadn't ha' thought as Abel was upstairs, and — " And you camo bn:k just a miauto or two before I did? " " Yes, sir; not so very long." "Not long at all, or you'd have had tho whole village up hero, poking and prying into every corner, I know," said Ned, grimly. " And when you openod tho door you saw the dogs lying, as they aro lying now ?" "Yes, sir." " And you've heard nobody about ?" " No, sir ; at least, no, not to-day." " Not to-day ! Thon you liavo heard somebody in tho place "since I've been ill?" " 01), no, sir, not nobody to matter — nobody at all. Only one day, as I wur talking to Miss Nenison from t' llull, as wur at t' door asking about you, I wur pushed aside quite sudden liko, and when I looked it wur Parson (Grander." She lowered her voice to a whisper as sho uttered tho namo, for, in spite of her cuutious way of putting it, Sarah Wall felt a decided suspicion that the Vicar of St. Cuthbort's, against whom her pre judice was strong, was at tho root of this business. _ " I don't know where ho come from, sir," she croukod on, rather mysteriously. "Gut it wasn't throught t' door, for it wur on t' chain." Ned, hnving got out of her all sho had to toll, turned with an abrupt nod, loft tho kitchen, and again went out into the garden. Abel Squires, who was hobbling up the hill on his crutch, redoubled his pace when ho saw his master at tho gate. " So ye'ro aht, Ah see," he colled out, as soon ns ho was near enough. " Ah guessed how 't would be as soon as my hack wur turned." As ho drew nearer ho saw hy liia master's faee, not only that ho was greatly fatigued, hut that something serious had happened. In a few short sentences Ned told him tho events whioh had occurred in his absence ; his visit to St. Cuthbort's, tho finding of tho dogs' bodies, and the dis covery of meat which ho believed to bo poisoned. "Wall tells me,"_ said he, "that Yemon Grander got into the place one day while I was laid up." Ahelnoddcd. "Height enough; so ho did. Got in at t' oopper floor by t' water boott." " What reason did he givo ?" "Wanted to knawheow mooch you knew. So Ah told him. He's been going abaht loike a churchyard ghost ever sinco. Ah met 'un just ncow on's way oop to t' vicarage." " To the vicarage ?" "Ay" " Well, I'm going up there now." And ho turned and began to walk up tho hill. Abel hopped after him, assum ing his most persuasive mein. "Doan't 'e, Mester Mitchell — doan't ho entreated. "It's naught hut oruelty to him ns hasn't done it; an' as for him as has, you've got plenty in stoi'b for him wi'out worriting of him now." . Ned-paid not the slightest heed to thoso remonstrances, hut went on his way, still closely attended hy Abel the length of tho vicarage garden wall. Abel redoubled his pleadings as they caught Bight of the two brothers and Mrs. Grander walking in the garden.' " Look 'e hero, Mester Mitchell," aaid ho, in a rough voice that, plead as ho would, could get no Boftcr. "Ah've kept , away from Eishton' 10 year fur to please . parson' Ycrnpn, 'cause Ah'm t' only chap ii.i, j ns seo what happened that neight, an' ho . wouldn't trust mo- to hawd mu tongue. . ,Whnt Ah could dp fur 10 year, couldn't you do fur a neight ?" " ; Gtill -Ned: walked stolidly 'oii, vouch-. " sdfing no answer, until the ptity in the' , ' sight , of. them,. -and. the "u 1- . (vicar.', of 'Eishton -came down to tho side gate-to meet them. -1 As -he drew near,. )!'.» -:-;?'AbeV "after, ohd futile .attempt' to drag. ..Ned bodily .awoy,' tried to escape himself. '( Gut Mr. Grander was tbo quick and too v strong for him. -1', - "Why, who have wo hero?" hesaid, , curiously, seizing Squires by the arm, and, J..lbpkiiig into his wooden .faee. '"-Isn't it Abel Squires, tho man who picked up my -'..'V' -Jl .father's '1 rignet- ring,' oh'the-'Sheffleld ro'atl ? "- " " ' ' >:' V..'; ' ..." , , „ - "'2l yl'sir;"' said ' Abolf very bashfully, ')s',.."<i>-W.e.lie,p&al6t;<mtIy avoided meetipgtho V.-yicilTS; . " -"'""'i'tbouglit so," said the. vipar, good- ;( Vt.uox-Tihumoufedlyr ' AiidCwithout noticing the- '''J" v!i:" ' lowering - expression of Ned's1 face;,- hp, i » 1, x.tutned .'tind. . shook his hand. " Glad to' see .you about again, Mr. Mitchell. , I must ' jft / tell yqu 'a story about ourfriend herc," ao > continued, 'putting o kind: hand on the ' -1'1' tramp's 'shoulder. "Years ago;- when I was«mrcely. moro than. a. boy,, my father \- . , , lostLa_signct ring ono night as he was ro- tunflng home from a sick bed. - It was an — old-fiisliioned tiling, muoh tod largo for -lJlHliA (Lis-ilhger' He never 'oxpbotcd to see it aguin; hut a fortnight afterwards who ahonld turn up. but Abel ,-Squiros, inquir- ;o.(si)o uiitg-'idf ;;tlic servants („if , anybody in V lv 1 -> tin hi-use'had lott a ring; iHe had picked -it up, ami having no 'means of advertising this-lind, had perseveriugly called at houso after house on tho .outskirts of Sheffield, where ho found it, until at last he got directo'l to my fathep us tho ownor.' Ha- was so much struck. by tho circumstance, that he. declared it shdulil be treasured up for ever by tho head of tho family, us 11 reminder that tho world had .'contained at least ouo ideally honest man." " You're t' head of t' family, yet you don't wcar.it, though parson," said Abol, glancing at liis hands. Ho had listened in much confusion to tho account, changing from his woodon leg to his sound ouo nud back again, anil looking us if tho vicar's speech contained some revelation particularly painful for him to hear. The vicar, who had been touched by his excessive modesty, was surprised by this retort. "No, I don't wear it now," he said, laughing genially. " I did, though, until I had tho misfortune to loso it myself, somo years ago. It was too largo for mo, as it had been for my father, and I never knew how it had gono. And you were not about to find it for uie." "Nay, sir," was all Abel said, with one sliy glance at tho bystanders. Thoy had formed a strange group while tho vicar's recital lasted. Each ono seemed to know that somcthiug serious was impending, and to listen, in silouco not all attentive, to the vicar's inuo- cently told reminiscences. He was tho only person at ease in tho littlo circle. Nod was standiug, stolid and square, listening to Mr. Grander's littlo story with a con temptuous face ; Vernon Grander, who seemed of late to ho growing daily more Icau, mere haggard, kept his oyes fixed upon Ned with an expression of undis guised apprehension ; while Mrs. Gran der, whose great black eyes woro flash ing with excitement to which she allowed no other vent, lookod steadily from one to tho other ot the rest of the group, ns she stood n little away from them all, motionless and silont, liko a beautiful statue. "When tho vicar's prattle had come to an end, there was a pause. Ho seemed himself to become at last aware that thu minds about him wero occupied with some more serious matter, and ho turnod to Ned with a look of inquiry — "Is anything tho matter, Mr. Mitchell?" die asked. "You look loss happy than 1 man should do who has just, been released from the confinomont of a sick bed. Can I advise you or counsel you in any way ? "Would you liko to come into my study ?" Ned raised his head and looked at him like a hull in the arena. "No," he said, savagely, " the garden will do for what I havo to say. It's only this : my bloodhounds havo boon poisoned" — a littlo shiver of intonso oxeitcnient seemed to run through tho group — " aud hy the same hand that killed my sister. Now I givo the mau who did belli thoso acts till this timo to-morrow to confess publicly that he's been a great hypocrite for ten years, with good words on his lips and had thoughts ia his heart. Gut if in those four-and-twonty hours lie don't confess, then he shall bo buried at the country's expense bsfore the year's out." There was dead silence after this speech, which Ned delivered, not in his usual coarse, loud tones, but in husky, spas modic jerks and with tho manner of a man bitterly in earnest. Tho vicar lis tened with great attention ; Abel Squires seemed to wish, hut not to dare, to move awny ; Vernon shook from head to foot with high nervous excitomont ; whilo Mrs. Grander moved to tho side of her brother-in-law, and stolo her baud -within, his arm. Not a look, not a movomont, was lost on Ned, whose features suddenly hroko up into a grim and horrible smilo as ho noted the action of tho lady. It was a smile of cunning, of mockery. Gut Mr. Grander had treated him with disliko and contempt. "You think," said the Yicar of Eish ton at last, " that the man who poisoned your dogs was tho samo who made away with your sister ?" "I don't think; I know." "I don't want to be hard on you, Mitchell. . > Eut it seems to me that you feel the latter loss the more aeutoly of the two." "It showed," returned Nud, dogged.y, " that tho fellow is no bettor minded now than ho was then." " You might say so if thoy woro human beings whoso lives ho had taken," said the vicar, continuing his gentle remonstrance. "As they were only dogs, I am inclinod to tuko a moro lonient view ; whilo admit ting that this unknown person-—" "No, not unknown," interpolated Ned. The vicar went on without noticing tho interruption. "—had no right cither to trespass on yourpremiscs or destroy your dogs, allow ance must be mado for the state of mind of a desperate man, who believes, rightly or wrongly, that theso animals will be -used to. discover his guilt." ' " "Well, vicar," said Ned, who had been Btaring straight into tho clergyman's face with a cynical smilo, " I've said my say ; that's what .1 came here for. Now it's .done, I'll wish you ond your good lady, andMr.'-Yernon there, a very goo'd-night." \- The vicar held out his hand. . " Goo'd-night. You willnot bo offended with mo . for saying that I hope hoavon ' wills often your heart," ho said) in a low voice, in. the gentle, almost apologetic toneB which he always used when touch ing .upon religious matters. " No, -I'm not offended," Buid Nod, in a hard) mocking, voice. fro DB OOMXTOUKD XO-HOBBOW.J 