FILER versus CAIN. JAMES GREENWOOD (THE AMA.TEUH CASUAL). To eay that my wife's cousin Jack, was to blame for onr quarrel would be unfair to him, inasmuch as he was sot even present at the time. He had been, and was gone, and was by no means likely to come back for-. some considerable time at all events, as. when he took bis departure it was in a cab, that was waiting for tim outside our domicile, to convey him straight to the London Docks, from whence that same night his ship sailed »for India. It would be affectation to say that in my heart I was.aorry to see the back of him. Affection among all the members of a family is very well, but I cannot help thinking it an abuse of privilege when a strapping young fellow, at least six inches taller than oneself, and what women -absurdly call handsome, insists on kissing ones wife, not only when he arrives but when he leaves as well and with no better excuse than that he is her cousin. It does not so much matter, perhapB, when a man has been married a dozen years or so, but it was barely six mpnths since our wedding, and Tack Dawlish -was present at it. Wifh his sailor frankness he congratulated me on the occasion. 'You hare got the nicest little woman for a wife, you happy rascal, in all London. I most have been a confounded £ool—but it is all over now. You have landed the prize and there is no more to be said about it.' I was not aware until that time that there had been any other feeling, be- tween them than one that was coolly and comfortably cousinly. Had he kissed Matilda then, and for the last time it would have been all right, but as I have already mentioned, he continued the practice at every opportunity. I never mentioned it to Matilda, but I did not like it. I am not ashamed to own that I am of a jealous temperament. - Who ever loved a woman with all his heart and soul, and was free from jealousy ? Jack Dawlish had been on the verge of going to India half a-dozen times since we were married. He had disappointed me so often in this respect, that I had begun to lose faith in its ever happening, when at last he came to announce that he was actually off. He brought with him a dog, a scowling illlooking brute of a cross-breed, with spikey ears and weak-eyes, bandylegged and broad chested. It was quite an effective parting between Jack and Matilda. He kissed her when he first came bounding in with the announcement that he was going, and again whilst his length of absence was being discussed, and he promised to send my wife an Indian shawl, and then again—twice—when with a cousinly embrace he. bade her good-bye. Maybe he would have exhibited more warmth in taking farewell of me had I given him encouragement. It was qot until we wete in the hall, and he was standing on the door-mat pulling on his gloves, that he remarked: ' Well, ta-ta, Morfin, old boy. Don't cry your eyes out over this sad bereavement. Oh, by-the-way—I had nearly forgotten it—poor old Filer! You couldn't oblige me by finding a home for him? He isn't a beauty, but a jewel of a dog for anyone who could appreciate his qualities. He is good at rats, cats, burglars, any sort of vermin you set him to.' I shook my head, after pretending to reflect for a few moments whether I knew any friend who would care to make such an inestimable addition to his family circle. ' No, I am sorry, but I really could not conscientiously undertake the little commission.' 'But, why can't we keep him ourselves, Tom?' my wife remarked. • Why, of course we can. It will be nice to have the dear old doggy to make a pet of, and keep us in mind of Cousin Jack.' 'But, my dear, you remember how small ear back garden is, and. we have no kennel for him!, ' Well, if you won't have him, old cha»,' began Dawlish— ' But 'I will have him, Jack dear, so you. may make your mind happy in that source.' He would have kissed her again, I verily believe, had not the cabman just then put his head in at the door to say that there wasn't a minute to lose if he wished to catch the 8.30 train, so he had to be content with squeezing both my wife's hands and then hurried away, of course leaving Filer behind him. I confess that my mood was the reverse of Amiable, and when we returned to tine parlour, and my wife, after wiping her eyes, remarked plaintively to the cross-bred cur, as she patted him: ' You and I will be friends, Filer. Your master is gone now. Heigho!' It made me furious. * Yes, Filer,' said I, savagely. ' Mrs. Morfin's precious cousin has gone, and it will be very much to my advantage, if he never comes back again. ' Indeed, BIT/ and my wife curled her lip scornfully;' and why, pray, may I ask?' * Because, madam, your Oousin Jack is a confoundly impudent fellow, a swaggering, ^conceited coxcomb. And I will tell you something else, Mrs. Morfin,' I exclaimed, waxing more wrathful, for now she was smiling. ' If your oousin Jack had some husbands to deal with, he would have been rightly punished by having* his nose pulled She laughed outright at that in the most aggravating way. , Poor dear Jank! If it had not been'for your height yon would have suffered! Bat you might have kicked his shins, Xom 1' I can account for what followed, only on the assumption that her cruel sarcasm drove me raving mad.. She was halS- neelifiing m&eoo;&oh; ai thtitime, I seized her by the shonlders and pushed her back. 'Dare to utter such another taunt, madam, and I shall be tempted to kill you!' I dare say I pinched her, for she winced aB though hurt and turned pale. ' Don't be so cowardly,' she remarked with supreme scorn. ' It is becoming in you, sir, to talk of daring? Would you dare act in this way if my cousin was here to protoct me !' I waB blind with passion then. I seized on a broad cushion that was lying on the ffoor, and Ismothercd her with it. I flung it over her face, and I pressed it down, all the time insanelyanathematising" Jaek Dawlish, and declaring that I would have his blood as well, if I had to go all the way to India to shed it. She struggled for a time and then was suddenly still. An icy wave seemed to sweep through the current of my blood, from my brow to my boots; and in terror I withdrew tbe cushion. She'had ceased to breathe! Her face waB pallid, her eyes fixed, her lips parted. I was aghast with fright, and chaffed her hands, and called on her frantically, and i all the while the infernal Filer danced round, and wagged his stump of a tail, and barked his loudest, as though it was exactly the kind of fun that tickled him! I was hotribly frightened., As far as I could'aisure myself, my dear -wife's pulsation bad entirely ceased. She lay at full length, and with no more life in her than a stone statue. Ours was but a little house, and Matilda preferring to do her own cooking, for we had no other servant besides an occasional charwoman, so we were in the place alone. -1 fetched cold water and dashed her face—Filer gamboling in diabolical delight the while —I burnt brown paper close under her nostrils, but all in vain! She was dead! . .Had I entertained the. slightest doubt on the matter I should have hurried for a doctor, but she was so unmistakably defunct, the only result of doing so would have been to place myself in the hands of the police. Life is sweet! I loved my Matilda more than anything on earth, and would have died to restore her to existence again, but since the latter was im- possible- Further argument was a waste of time. I tremblingly packed a small black bag, with a few necessities, and imprinting one last kiss on her cold lips, fled from the house. It was by this time nearly midnight, and I walked rapidly on, heedless which way I went, when it snddenly seemed to me that I had done a rash thing. I had shut the dog in! As everybody is aware it is the instinct of the canine tribe to howl on the decease of any person in tbe immediate neighbourhood, and the impish Filer was before all others just the dog to do so, and immediate discovery would be the result. I halted for a moment, and there waB Filer at my heels! Silent as a ghost— he was all white excepting for a sable dot in the middle of his back, and another that gave him the appearance of having a bad black eye—he had followed me unperceived. He was no longer possessed of an hilarious spirit, however. It was as though he knew all about it, and was aware that stealth and secrecy was necessary. He did not bark, or wag his .tail even, while I stood looking down on him. He silently blinked both his eyes, and sat down on his haunches, as though .to say: ' I have quite made up my mind on this matter. You would like to" get rid of me, but you won't. When you are ready to go on, I am quite ready to follow.' When I say that he looked at me as though he would have said thiB, I mean, rather, that so I construed, his unspoken sentiment, when, on the spur of the moment, I attempted to drive him off. I had my umbrella with me, and I made a prod at him with the ferrule part of it, at the same time sternly bidding him 'go home,' on which he made such a vicious snap at that part of my trousers that covers the calf of my leg, that I actually felt his teeth scrape the skin. He offered me no further violence, nor did he make any noiBe over what he did, beyond alow gutteral growl. . Then he withdrew his teeth, and with a vigilant eye on my umbrella, squatted down as before. Under other conditions I might have renewed the contest, but, as it was, there was nothing to be gained by it. And, after all, I conld not say that Filer waB unfriendly disposed. He had simply defended himself when I attacked him. A wiser course would have been to take no notice of the brnte, when probably he would have presently slunk off. He might do so still'if he found that he was unnoticed. On I walked—on—on, out of the streets and gaelit thoroughfares, into the country road, with the one crushing conscience oppressing me—I was a murderer! A man accursed and banned —a doomed wretch, whose guilty virion, piercing the mirk of night, saw a halter dangling from each gallows-like fingetpost. For miles and miles I walked on—but, fast or slow, Filer's unflagging footsteps were close at my heels. If he had uttered an occasional bark it would have been something; or ran on in front, or lagged behind and come scampering up again. At least there would have been life in it. But it was dreadful to have him slogging on behind me like a dog walking in his sleep, and influenced by a bad dream of being a bloodhound on duty. I yearned to do so, but I lacked courage to try and kill him. My mind dwelt on Sikee in a similar predicament, in " Oliver Twist." But Bikes' dog waB afraid of bim, and Filer defied me. I had a pocket-handkerchief, as the slayer of poor Nancy had, and there were plenty of stones about, and I had already passed several ponds, bnt when I pondered the possibility of drowning my bated} follower the wind eeemed to blow , in at the lent in my trousers leg, like a 'warning whisper. I did not know—the brute'I strength, and there conld be no doubt as to hja ferocity. To be sure, I had the tid? vantage of Sikes, as my dog wore a collar, aiid the ends of a weighted handkerchief might be securely attache d to that. But the''advantage* Tanislied the instdnt it suggested itself. It was quite true that Filer wore a collar, but cousin Jack's oame and address was engraved on -it in full—'J. Dawlish, Esq., 12, Key-stonestreet, WVG.' This. wpuld furnish , fatal evidence against me, if I slew the brute and his body were, discovered. It marred even my loss desperate plans. I*wa8 on the road to Barnet, and weary and limping, would ~ fain have availed myself of a humble bed at a wayside lodging-house for travellers, in the passage of which a lamp was still burn ing. Bat I dare not take the dbg in there with me. A fugitive firoin justice. I might as well hand to the lodging- housekeeper my card of address BB give him an opportunity of reading what was engraved on Filer's collar. - Would it be possible to get him to let me take it off£ I sat down on an unpleasantly de wy bank, and all up the dark called him to me—i-' Gbod'old Filer! Fine old dog then!' .And he, came ,an.d. he rested his ugly head on iny -kiiees. But the . moment my hand touched the -brass band that encircled his throat^ hie eyes gleamed and he showed his teeth; and I was glad to pretend that I merely ntended to pat his head. - That, with rubbing his .ears, mollified him, and, still with his chin on my knees, he dropped into a doze. But I won found that I had done a nice thing for myself. He waB vety tired, no doubt, and did not wish to be disturbed. Whenever I moved, he uttered a low, threatening growl, that so unmistakably indicated, a bite to follow, that I dared not stir, but sat there, on the damp grass,, cramped and benumbed, until break of day, which, occurred about six in the morning. Even then the hateful beast would have slept on, had it not fortunately happened that a man .came along with some cows, and their lowing awoke him in such ill-temper that he went for them, with a ridge of upraised hair extending from the nape of the neck to his tail. The brnte was in a quarrelsome mood, and barely .had he settled with the cows than he fell foul of the rural policeman, who had gone to the cowman's assistance. Filer's blood was up, for the constable had dealt fhim a stinger over the ribs with his knobby stick, and the ferocious beast waB making at him, open- mouthed, when another whack baulked his blood-thirsty intention, and brought him to his knees. 'I shall want your name and address, 6ir, for this,' said the policeman; 'you will be summoned for being on the highway with a savage dog out of your control. Oh, never mind,' he sagaciously added, ' here's what I want on the dog's collar.' And he pencilled in his pocket-book— ' J. Dawlish, Esq.. 13, Keystone-street, W.O.' 'You'll, bear of this,' remarked the constable, ' before the end of the week.' I could make the man no reply. I felt so chokeful of emotion that the least thing would have caused me to break into tears. It was all over now !—murder will out! Here already was another strand of the rope which was to hang me. I was in such a wretched state of mind, that as lief aB not I would have given myself up for my crime there and then, but that I wished first to be revenged on the dog-fiend, who in sach an incredibly short space of time, had wrought my rain. It seemed more like a horrible nightmare than reality. Even now, it was scarce twelve hours since I was a happy and contented man, blessed with a beloved wife and a comfortable home, and now I was a branded outcast, with a tortured conscience worse even than that which afflicted Cain, and despite the thrashing the policeman had given him, tbe dog stuck close to me with leech-like tenacity, and endorsed my every footsitep with his own. Arrived in £arnet town, I ,ventured into a coffee- house, and ordered breakfast, not so much that I had an appetite for it as that I was anxious to see the morning newspaper. It was possible I might find something in it! It was not very likely, but Jack Dawlish, might have come back to the house; his ship might have sailed ^ithout him—its start might have been postponed a tide or tro, in which case he would be pretty Bare to call on us on his way to .his own abode, and then the discovery would be made, and I might expect to find under a large type heading, "Horrible Murder' of a Young Wife; Flight of the Murderer," a full account of the finding of the body, with a minute description - of- myself, furnished, of course, by Jack Dawlish. •It w«s almost like' a respite aftcr'condemnation, when I opened the morning's broadsheet, and found in it no mention ot myself or my crime. But it could not be long postponed. Ever present to my tormented mind was the picture at home —ihf jiretty little parlor, with thp.tea-. things still one the table, that, demoted the laBt happy meal I should partake of on this earth; the "fireless grate, the drawn blinds, and my lifelefe wife extended on the., couch, with her calm white face, : and - her ' .'beautiful hair all dishevelled. Why did I protract my agony, when detection and ; arrest were inevitable? Cold' aiid wretched, with my teeth .^chattering and a suspicion of acnte rheumatism in both my legs—the result, no doubt, of.passing the greater part of the night sitting under a hedge—I more than half-resolved that as soon aB I had swallowed some breakfast, I would go to the^nearest policestation, and-give myself $p. But my misery and contrition were not so overwhelming that I forgpt my hatred for Filer. If I went to give ^myself up, that execrable animal^ would -of- course accompany me, stnd when the stofy came to be Wown, he, the brute who was responsible for all that happened, would fce lauded as a marvel of canine sagacity, and the newspapers would eulogise him as the devoted four-footed friend of the woman whose life I had so barbarously extinguished, and who, in a manner of speaking, had followed and clung io'me, compelling me to .yield myself np to justice. -- - I ate a very good breakfast. I had ofter wondered when I~ read of criminals act?) Iy waiting fbr the inexorable stroke; of e -.it, eating a hearty meal, and seeiningiy enjoying it. . Bnt I did pretty much the same. I ate three rounds of buttered toast, and drank as many- cups of fioffee, and, warmed and refreshed, the felinging to life came back to me. ' I was not. without money. I had taken my quarter's salary on the very day the terrible tragedy had occurred, and nearly twenty pounds of it was still in my purse. if I could but get rid of Filer! While I was having breakfast, he was extended on the hearth-rug, asleep before the fire. The poker in tbe fender was a heavy one, and one well- directed blow would do, it ! But supposing I missed, or, worse still, inflicted merely a painful blow on his cranium! That would not do. I had seen him pin one of the cows by the nose, and hold on so savagely that it-was as much as the cowman, assisted by the constable, could do to release the poor animal. And supposing, in his fury, h^ made such a dash at me ? v No; poisonfig "would he less risky, and quite as efficacious .as the poker. Paying for my meal, Filer Was alert the instant I rose from my seat."/:We "went out, and after a while I found a chemist's shop. . 'I.want,' said I, assuming a careless air,'some'arsenic.' The young man behind the counter eyed me suspiciously, and at the same moment I caught sight of my face in the looking- glass, and could scarcely wonder ft it. I was haggard and pale; my eyes were sleepless-looking and somewhat bloodshot. ' You require some arsenic, I think you said, sir ? For what purpose, may-I ask?' Well, the fact is, I wish to poison this dog—poor fellow! He—he is ill, and I would rather put him out of his misery than let him suffer.' (2b be continued.) 