THE AMERICAN INDIANS. BY OUR TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT. History has an awkward knack of repeating itself, and the present outbreak of fanaticism amongst the Sioux Indians in Dakota, which has made them believe that they wore about to be visited by an Indian Messiah, who was to bring into his fold the scattered tribes and lodges of a fast decaying race, and to place them once more in possession of the hunting grounds of their forefathers, bears a remark- able resemblance to the Hauhnu supersti tion which obtained so powerful a hold upon the Maories of New Zealand a quarter of a century ago. Tho readiness of the American Indian, like the Maori, to believe that a Messiah was to spring from his own race, and that this personage was to perform many of the miracles and to emulate the achievements which the Jews expected from their Messiah, shows the identity of fooling among two savage races which, although inhabiting the opposite ends of tho earth, have many things in common, and the excessive thinness of the veneering of Christianity with which the missionaries have been able to cover over - their ancient faiths. Tho Maories fell lower than the Indians seem likely to fall, for they reverted to cannibalism, but in many other respects the Hnuhau outbreak resembled the Indian ghost dances, in which the Sioux take such extreme delight, and in none more than that both move ments, however bloody and brutal in their results, had a peaceful origin. Hauhauism was the invention of a crazy fanatic named Te Ua, who asserted that he had been visited by angels who told him that the extermination of the Europeans was at hand, and that all true believers in the now faith would be invulnerable. Te Ua seemed to think that the extermination of the Pakcha would be brought about by peaceful means, but his followers, who were firmly convinced of their invulnerability, determined to test it. They therefore attacked a foraging party, consisting of seven English soldiers, and killed them all. But a few months afterwards, in the attack upon a British entrenchment near New Ply mouth, the Hnahaus lost 60 men. Still their faith did not desert them. They killed an Anglican clergyman, a Government agent, and the crew of a cutter, at Opotiki, and ate portions of their bodies. But for some occult reason or another they spared the life of a Jew who was amongst the party, and he was able to tell the story after his return to Auckland. The Hauhaus remained faithful to their leader for three or four years, and only threw him over after they had been defeated over and over again; and Te Kooti, who succeeded To Ua, was forced to fly into the fortresses of the Upper Waikato country, where he remained until amnestied in 1883, 14- years afterwards. While the superstition lasted its adherents showed extreme courage, devotion and cruelty. Their natures had been changed by their now faith. The war dances in which the Sioux Indians have lately indulged seem to be one of the last incidents of a struggle which has lasted in one form or another for more than 300 years, for it was in 1535 that Cartier was first brought into contact with the North American Indian at Montreal and Quebec, and the Spaniards had at an earlier date commenced the conquest of Mexico and Peru. The first permanent lodgment of Europeans in North America was by French Huguenots, who settled in North Carolina in 1562. Spain colonised Florida in 1565, and Sir Walter Raleigh founded Virginia, which at that time covered a much larger extent of country than is at present known by the name of that State, in 1585\. The early explorers were not much given to statistics, but the aboriginal population of the two American continents must have been 20,000,000 or 30,000,000. I arrive at this con clusion from the dense Indian population in the republic of Mexico, which at the last census contained 3,765,044 pure Indians and 5,000,000 half breeds. Where are the descendants of the vast horde of human beings who once occupied the two Americas ? The answer is not very gratifying to the national vanity of the -English speaking races. It can not be said that Britons, whether they dwell in the United States, Canada, Australia, Tas mania or New Zealand, are cruel. History contains no record of the atrocities, the mas sacres, the burnings or the torturings which marked the progress of Cortes and-Pizarro. There have been a few very regrettable inci dents, such as the panic which seized the first expedition of English troops to Risdon, in Tas mania, where a number of aborigines were shot under the dread, subsequently shown to be unfounded, that the blacks were about to attack the white men, and the execution by burning of a number of Indians at Massachusetts by the Puritan fathers, under the belief that they were witches and magicians. As a general rule, the various local governments and the better class of colonists have tried to be just and humane in their dealings with the aborigines whom they met, and the comparatively small number of outrages have been committed by convict servants and dependents of the baser sort. But while the Spaniards, the Portuguese and the French in North and South America have mingled their blood with that of the aborigines, and have thereby created a new race, which has produced great statesmen, warriors and divines, the fate of the aboriginal brought into contact with the Englishman, the Irishman and the Scot has been frequently justice, occasionally mercy, but always annihila tion, not so much by the sharp and merciful method of the bullet and the bayonet as by the more slow, lingering and terrible death caused by disease, misery, dissipation, drunkenness and starvation. The Tasmanian has disappeared, the Australian and the New Zealander are fast following his example. The millions of North American Indians who once roamed over the vast plains and forests now occupied by the United States and the Dominion of Canada have dwindled to less than 400,000, and will probably disappear entirely when the earth hunger of the surplus population of Europe has caused Dakota, Idaho and the great north-west to be as densely populated as Massachusetts and Connecticut are in this last decade of the nineteenth century. Meanwhile, the cross between the American Indian, either North and South, and his conquerors of the Latin race in Mexico, Central and South America, live, flourish, and increase in number; and of the 50, 000, 000 persons who inhabit Latin America, at least two-thirds are descendants of Indians, or at best have a very slight admixture of European blood. The half breeds of the United States and Canada are not very numerous, and few of them have any English blood in their veins. The example of Rolfe and Pocahontas was not very generally followed, although the descendants of that romantic marriage, the Randolphs, are amongst the first families of Virginia, have made their mark on the destinies of the United States, and through one of their offshoots, the Stows, have played a leading part amongst your neighbors, the people of South Aus tralia. Pocahontas was an Indian maid of the more romantic type. True, she was a princess and the daughter of the king of Vir ginia, one Powhattan. She appears to have made an excellent wife and mother, and died a devout Christian in the neighborhood of com monplace Gravesend, in the midst of mariners and watermen. An American poet has sung her praises in the following lines. In order to render them comprehensible it is necessary to state that Mondamin was the name by which Pocahontas was known to her own people, and that Windagua is the native name of Vir ginia : — The graceful Mondamin lies shattered and brokon In the pride of her blooming, ere touched by docay ; In the land of the stranger; her grave the solo token The flower of Windagua is withered away. No more her swift foot o'er the prairies is bounding, No more her canoe lightly skims o'er the bay. Her maidens in sorrow the reed flutes are sounding; The flower of Windagua is withered away. There is I fear but little in common be tween the Mondamin of poetry and romance and the ordinary squaw who revolted over the tortures inflicted on the prisoners who fell vic tims to the bows and spears of her lord and master, but Indian women seem to have made excellent wives to the French Canadians, and although Louis Riel, who was executed in the North-West for high treason three or four years ago, may not have been a very estimable charac ter, he was at least in intelligence and energy a favorable specimen of the result brought about by intermarriage between the Indian and the Gaul. Much of the work by the old Hudson's Bay Company was performed by those half breed, and Mr. Robinson in his book on the Great Fur Land described in the following pas sages the race in his account of a journey which he took in their company. And first as to the ladies : — "Tho half eastes wore in better form than tho Indian women. Borne of thom wero quite hand- somo. It was not, however, their comeliness of featuro which impressed tho traveller ; it was their grace — that supplo shapeliness, that svcltesse for which the English language has no word. Theirs was the rich ideal beauty of tho Creole type. Smaller in figuro, they were at onco trotter rounded and more lithe nnd willowy. A comely half breod woman's figuro impresses one by n startling realisation of the Greek ideal of grace— a statuo of Phidias, animated and garbed — a living Venus of flushed brouze. Beauty of feature with them is, perhaps, not a common . gift, but when ono docs find it he straightway droaras of Titian and Veronese nud Tiutorotto. "Tho male voyagcur of half broed was a littlo above tho medium height, with litho, active frame, enough of tho aboriginal to givo supple ness, and suificient of the irliitc man to impart a solidity of framo lacking in a savage. His features too, woro regular to a fault, comploxiou nut brown, eyes black, and long blaek hair hanging down in a straight mass ovor his shouldors. Ho wore a tassellod cap, and was also cn capote, hut of fine blue clotli orna mented with two rows of silvor gilt buttons, variegated snsli, corduroy trousors and mocas sins. As a rulo theso voyagcurs are of Freucli origin, descendants of the traders and trappers of tho old fur companies, though by long inter marriage the blood of three or four nationalities minglos in their veins. Thoir grandfathers have been Frcuch Canadians, thoir grandmothers Crco squaws ; English and Crow and Ojibway havo contributed to their descendants on tho mothor'8 side. This mixture has pro duced in most instances a genial, good humored and handsome fellow. Although as a class with some olcvcrness and cheerfulness, their faces generally betray a certain moodiness of temper, and laok the frank and honest respectability stamped upon ooun- tenanoos moro puroly Anglo-Saxon. Swarthy in complexion, with durk hair and eyes, their features are goncrally good nud aquiline in character, and though Bometimos coarse, are invariably well proportioned. Physically, .thoy aro a fine race ; tall,' straight and well built, , lightly formed, but strong, and extremely aotive nnd enduring. Of moro supplo build as a rule than the Indian, they combine liis endurance and readiness of resource with the greater mus cular strength and perseverance of the white man." It is somewhat strange tlint ahnost tho only well authenticated caseB since the days of Rolfe and Pocahontas of marriages between Europeans and Indian woman are to bo found in the annals of tho Hudson's Bay Company. Many of their prinoipa! officers married Indian women, and at tho timo when the vast territories of the great North-TVeBt were handed 'over to the Govern ment of Canada, and the disoovory of gold fields at tho Frasor River indnood a largo exodus of minors from .Europe, America and Australia to thoso hitherto unknown regions, the wife of the English Governorof Vancouver's Island wasa full blooded Indian squaw. Tho offspring of these mixed marriages' wore certainly not . interior to the French half breeds. Lord Southesk, wiio travelled through the territory in 1859, gave the following description of James M'Kay, a half broed Indian guide : — "He was born and bred in tho Saskatchewan country, but afterwards became a denizen of Fort Garry, and entered the company's employ. Whether es guide or hunter, ho was universally reokoucd ono of their best men. Un usually broad chested and muscular, though not tall, ho weighed 18 stone ; yet, in spite of liis stoutness, ho was exceedingly hardy and active and a wonderful horseman. His face — somewhat Assyrian in type — wasvery handsome ; short, delicate and aquiline nose, two piorcing dark grey eyes ; long dark brown hair, beard and moustache ; small, white and regular teeth ; akin tanned to a regular bronze by exposure to tho weather. He was dressed in a blue cloth capote (hooded frock coat), with brass buttons, red and black flannel shirt, which served also for waistcoat, buff leather mocassins on his foet, black belt around his waist, trou sers of brown and white striped home made woollen stuff, " It is to be regrottcd that tho pride of raoe has prevented the existence of many persons liko Japie3 M'Kay. Tho United States and the older districts of Canada were inhabited, before their invasion by Europeans, by several distinct races of Indians. But it would not be too much to say that tbey were settled in tho localities whioh they inhabited. The Indian, hopelessly unchangeable in ro- spect to individual and social develop ment, was, as regards tribal relations and local haunts, unstable as the wind. In Canada and the northern portion of the United States tho eiomcnts of change were especially active. The Indian population whioh Carter found in 1535 at Montreal and Quebec had dis appeared at the beginning of the next century, and anothor race with difforent languages and customs had taken their place, while in the region now terming tho State of New York n power was rising, which hut for the invasion of Europeans would probably have absorbed or ox- terminated overy other Indian nation east of the Mississippi. This was the Confederacy of tho Five Nations, eventually iucreased to six by tho inclusion of the Tuscaroras. The Algonquivs inhabited the six New Eugland States, the eastern part of New York and Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Dolaware, Maryland, Virginin, North Carolina, a large part of Kentucky and Tennessee, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin nnd Minnesota. This nation was divided into a large numbor of tribes, of whom tho Fowhattans, Mohicans, Dclawares and Nanagansctts are the best known to Euro peans. Tho Iroquois, or Six Nations, occupied the country around the GrcatLakos, South Canada, Western part of New York, Pennsylvania and tho cast of Ohio. Their territory was sur rounded by that of thoir bittor enemies, tho Algonquins, with whom they were always at war, and thoy were therefore compelled fo adopt a higher organisation and a better mili tary training than was necessary in the case of their enemies. Tho result was that the Six Nations became moro powerful than their num bers seemed to warrant, and thero was every probability, previous to tho arrival of European colonists, that they would gradually become tho predominant power in North America. In addition to tbeso two nations with whom the early settlers were first brought into contaot, and against whom they waged an almost unin- termittcnt war, thero were the Catawbas in North and South Carolina, the Oherokees in Georgia, the Uchees, who were still furthorsouth, tiio Mobiles in Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and parts of Kentucky and Tennessee ; the Nntohez, a small hut highly civilised tribe east of tho Mississippi, and tho Dacotahsand the Sioux, who roamed over the vaBt territory between the Mississippi nnd the Rocky Mountains from Luke Winnipog in the north to the Arkansas River in tho south. The groat prairies, the Rocky Mountains and the Pacifio Coast wore held by the Pawnees, tho Comanohes, the Apaohes, Utcs, Blackfeet, Snakes, Flatheads and Californian Indians. Tho most highly developed, although ono of the smallest tribes, was that of tho Burons, a tribe analogous but antagonistic to tho Iroquois, numbering some 30,000 souls. This small tribe has been immortalised by Voltaire, who, in hiB romanoe, Le Huron, described tho criticism of a Huron chief on the false and vicious civilisation whioh existed in Paris during the middle of the eighteenth century. But tho refinement of tho Hurons was only comparative, and to make tho Indian a hero of romanoe is mere nonsense. The Hnrons, notwithstanding their low morality, their aruolty and tlieir indolence, had certain virtues which should have spared them from thri extirpation which overtook them. They culti vated tho soil, a toilsome process to people unprovided with any other tools than wooden hoes, cleared the forests by burning tho brush wood and undergrowth, and grew maize, beans, pumpkins, tobacco, sunflowers, and Huron hemp. Of religion and morality they had littlo or nono. But they turned a ready oar to the teaahlugB of tho Jesuit Fathers, and tho progress of Christianity amongst them was as remarkable as it was amongst the Mnorics of New Zealand centuries later. Indeed, the dootrincs of tho missionaries tell upon soil which, if not very fruitful, was at least unoccu pied, for the belief of tho American Indian in the Great Spirit was of the most vague and shadowy description. The relations between tho Indians and the whites was what might bo expected when a race of men eager for laud came in contaot with a warlike race of hunters, by nature cruel, vindio- tive and bloodthirsty, to whom the right of1 roaming over large tracts Of country .was a nocossity of oxistonco. Tho first Bottlers found tho Indians friendly, and for somo timo thoy maintained kindly rotations with them. Tho fow outrages wore on occasions when tho ono raco ox- cited tho roligious or supcrsti tons tear of tho othor. The Puritans burnt the Indians for witchcraft ; tho Indians tortured nn occasional white man who had unwittingly perhaps violated somo tribal law. But as the number of the whites increased dooided encroachments wore made upon the hunting grounds of tho savages, and this with various other causes of quairol brought about a serios of long and bloody wars whioh lasted almost without intermission from tho doath of King Powhattan, the groat Virginian chief, and tho friend of tho Euglisli,in 1622, until in 1816 tho red men wcrcdrivon west of tho Mississippi. Tho bittor feeling between tho two races was intensified by tho employment of tho savages by both French and English' in their almost perpetual hostilities, and by botli English and Aincricnns iu tho war of tho Revo lution. Tho prnotico was no doubt disgraceful in tho oxtrcmo, but it was adopted, and ono of tho finest spocches ever dclivcrod within the walls of any legislature was that dircotod by tho older Pitt against the employment of Indian mercenaries against our brethron in North America, who at that timo, to employ a phrase subsequently made famous by Mr. Gludstono, woro rightly struggling to bo free." It was not to ho wondered at that the Ameroians when they bocame independent fait bitterly towards their former ruthless foes, and cithor drovo them away from tho Atlantic States or compelled thom to submit to the authority of the United States. But tho num ber of tho Indians remained not inconsiderable, and so rocently as 1851 tho descendants of tho six nations in New York State numberod X770 Various attempts woro made at different periods of tho first century of European colon isation to drivo the invading English in to. tho sea. But they all failed ignominiously, not so muoh from tho numbers or fighting powor of the whites as from tho inability of the Indians to oombinc. For centuries they had been at war with each othor ; they, hated tho hostilo tribes with a moro deadly hatred than they felt against the strangers, nnd thoy would not ally with their hereditary enemies against tho pale faces. After tho 'death of Fowhattan tho Virginian branoh of tho Algonquins oxposed tho sottlors to all the horrors of innrdcr, torturo and mutilation. But tho Indians obtained no assistance from their brethron in New England, Now York and Pennsylvania, nnd thoy wore evuntualiy orushed by the assist ance of militiamen and volunteers from Mary land and North Carolina. In liko manner the efforts of King Philip an ablo and unscrupulous ohioftnin to effect a union between tiio branches of his nation, tho Algonquins and their neigh bors tiio Iroquois were unsuccessful, aud aftor his death in 1676 no further attempts on a largo scale against tho British invaders woro made. Tho conflicts which took plnoo on tho son ooaBt of the Atlantic in tho 17th century wero repeated in the wider territory between the Alleghnnnies and the Mississippi during the 18th, and between that river and tho Pacifio Coast during tho 19th. Tho Indian tribes are to-day renewing the efforts made by King Philip in New England more than two hundred years ago, and tho result will be the same. Civilisation pressed forward with a resistless ferae and savagodom when it will not bend, must break ; nnd yet it is impossible not to' sympathise witli the North Amorican Indian. An officer of tho United States army, who had seen oonsidorablo sorvico on the Mexican frontier against hostile tribes, told mo that on ono occasion ho remonstrated with an Indian ahicf on the folly of attempting to wage war against the whites, who woro infinitely hotter armed, and 50 times as numorous. " I know the truth of what you say," replied tho chief. "I know that my tribe iB doomed to melt away, and that it will before many years disappear entirely. But it will last all the longer if it kcops all the tribe on tho war x>ath. "Wo lose more men overy year by tho whisky of tho whites then by their bullots and thoir snbres. I know that we have to die. My wish is that we should dio fighting for the hunting grounds over which our forefathers roamed." I do not know whether Sitting Bull, whoso death was recently announced, cntcrtainod similar views. But I do know that accor ding to the admission of the United States officers themselves, tho Sioux have been cruelly treated. I do not speak of tho roguory of the smaller officials, tho knavery of tho storekeepers who dole out to the Indian scant nnd adulterated rations, although tho authorities at Washing ton have paid for an abundant supply of food of the best quality. I refor principally to tho faot that every tew years tho poor creaturos are driven from their homes through the application of tiio same principle that induced David to covot tho vineyard of Naboth, and that animated Victorian frco soleotors when, with half Australia to chooso from, they sought to tako away from tho Vic- torian aborigines their settlement at Heales- ville. The Government of the United States compels the Indians to leave their hunt ing grounds and place themselves upoa cer tain localities which are termed reservations, at which they receive food and clothing. But in a fow years the alow, steady, but inexorable march of tho sottier makes this reservation valuable, and the pionocr of civilisation firBt endeavors to share tho reservation with tho red skin, and then to' oust him from it. The United States tries at first to keep faith with tha Indian, but the force bohind the pionocr is too strong, and eventually such representations aro made to tho Indian department as induce it to com pel tho unfortunato remnant of the native tribes to " move on " further and furthor from the white man's farm, just as Inspector Bucket "moved on "poor little Joo in Dickonn'B pa thetic story. A notable instance of this occurred at the Black Hills. Gold was discovered there, or at any rate it was reported that gold had been found there. There was a rush. At first the United States warned tho diggers off, and even imprisoned suoh of them as dared to trespass in search of tho preoious motel upon an Indian reservation. But .publio opinion, which is moro powerful in the United States, as in other demoaratio coun tries, than any abstract principle, es pecially when what may bo termed an inferior case is concerned, was too strong for the Indians, and the voting publio would not tolerate that United States oavalry should he employed against native born Ameri cans in order to prevent them from mining upon lands which were alleged to be the patrimony of the whole American people, and so the Govern ment had to give way, to drivo away tho Indiaans, instead of defending them, and to break the public faith which hud been pledged to the retention of the Black Hills as an Indian reservation. The President, General Grant, felt bitterly the polioy which was foroed upon him. But lie had no alternative but to obey tho mandate whioh tho Republioan Con gressmen of tho "Western States had received from their constituents, and tho Indians wero again "moved on." Tho visit of Sitting Bull to Washington on behalf of his oppressed people was unsuccessful, nnd on his return to Dakota ho went upon tho warpath. Tho result was a campaign in which the troops of the United States got tho worst of the fighting, in which Gonoral Custer and a large number of dragoons were slain, and vrhioh ended in Sitting Bull and his followers making their way into tho north-west, in British territory, whero they havo remained for somo yoars. Of course tho final result will be tho same, whatever may be the daring or military skill of tho Indian ohieftains, numbers and discipline must eventually prevail. But if I were an Indian I should probably bo of tho samo opinion as tho Arizona chief, whose words I havo quoted, and knowing, as I should, that my race wns doomed, I should liko iiim pre fer " to dio fighting." 