HE FELL AMONG THIEVES. Bv DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY and HENRY HERMAN. Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'ALifes' Atotie ment,' 'Coals of Fire,' 'The Way of the World,' &c;, &c; Published by special arrangement wjh. the aulhor. AUright6 reserves.]; Chapter XDX— (Csfatfaued.) The excellent Hogan has. indeed carried that intelligence everywhere. T.twasafeathgf of sueti exceptional brilliancy 3*4 bis cap that it made quite a personage of bjjn. That distinguished Sonald Morton, a*.'ter whom the whole of- London was ruiiSing in vain, was bis owa nrivate and TJaviicalar rrrev. Dakes. and: earls, duoSe^ea 'and. ladies of inferior tide; smbthereel hun. with invitations, and he de -3ined_ tHern. all to sit over a bottle of simple -3astiaad a plain chop with, an old chum. ?''She'fl a 'fine stately old lady,' continued Hogan, naturally unconscious of hk hearer's superior knowledge of his theme, 'and I suppose she's always been a bit inclined to be hard about the poor boy that ran away, but when she learned that Fd just come hot from the man that was shot down by the side of 'm sho got out her handkerchief, the poor old dame, and wiped her glasses.' _ TfTiMram Wft-w Viia nosft and his evelids srew a little red. 'I tell ye,' he said de6antly, 'I was affected, and when her ladyship asked me to use my best influences to bring you up to Lord Hounes's house to have a talk with her I promised I'd do my best.;' This was more than the returned exile bad bargained for. There lay there a danger of detection and he stammered some lame excuse. 'Unused to the society of ladies. What should / do in a drawing-room ?' 'Me dear fellow!', cried Hogan. 'What are ye talkin1 about? Ye'd have all the girls at your feet, like a Sultan. Not that that matters, for ye're mightily changed since the old days at Tasfckesen if ye've grown feather headed. But now really ye can't refuse. Here's an old lady that wants news of the last days of her great nephew and a young one that wants to hear about her dead sweetheart. Your own chum too, Morton. Ye can't find it in your heart to say no. They live just as quiet as mice and ye're bound to like them. Come up with me to-morrow morning when I pay my visit. Ye needn't stay twenty minutes, and ye'll be doing me a personal service.' It was so slight and natural a thing to ask, and so easy to accede to, that the wanderer was troubled. He took refuge in a social fib, and -being unused to that sort of exercise bne-eled over it wofullv. 'Not to-morrow. I am too busy.' ' Ah, well,' said hearty Hogan, 'there's no trouble about to-morrow. We'll go up the next day, and to-morrow Til tell them that ye're coming.' 'No, no,' cried Harry. 'Tell them nothing of the sort. I — I would rather not meet any body whilst Fm in town.' ' What am I to tell them at all ?' Hogan de manded- 'That ye wont come and exchange a word with two ladies that loved an old com rade that was shot down at the side o' ye ? It's not like ye, Morton. Ye can't refuse them.' Hogan had been so sure of his friend's con sent beforehand that he had actually pledged himself to bring him and had even indulged in some harmless flourishes about the intimacy of his friendship with the great traveller and his influence over him, so that the refusal was doubly a disappointment. 'IT1 think of it,' said Harry. 'We'll speak of it later on. Idon't like to refuse you, Hogan. Leave it there for a little while.' When the two parted for the night Harry Wynne set a candle'on either side his looking glass and sitting down staved -Steadily at his own reflection for a long time. He tried to recall to memory the shm shoulders and the beardless ingenuous face of youth, but he failed signally. He could not tell how far he had changed, but the scar, the tanned complexion, and the beard must, he thought, afford him an almost impenetrable disguise. He pondered long as to whether he dare risk the experiment of a visit, and at the thought of meeting Inthia again his heart sounded a mad alarum. It had been steadier a hundred times when he had held his life in his hand and had expected at every second to have it wrested from him. He went to bed half determined that he would dare the risk, but he woke up in the morning animated by less valorous fancies. Hislife of late years had been a rare school for rapidity and firmness of decision. His vacillation worried him, and he told himself that he was growiug effeminate in London and began to long for his wilds again. Hogan, having once promised the famous traveller to Lady 'MeCorquodale, was relentless -in-pursuit-of his iganie; - He~wasinand out of Wynne's chambers a dozen times a day, and at last he quite unwittingly clinched the nail of argument. 'It's no use going to-morrow,' said Hogan, 'because Miss Grey's going into the country, and 'tis she I specially want to see yon.' Harry discovered precipitately that to morrow was the one day in the year that would suit him. He felt that he could encounter Lord Hounes and Lady McCorquodale without feat of recognition and with no temptation to self- bstrayat The more he feared to meet -Inthia the strongergrew his desire, and the more he came to wish the meeting the more he feared. . 'The broom's at the door,' Hogan an nounced, thrusting his head into Wynne's siUicg-room at noon next day. 'We're due already, but I've been kept waiting by a patient.' Time had not often seemed to go so swiftly as it passed on that rapid little journey. Harry's heart was beating fast when Hogau's carriage pulled up before the door of the house in Eccleston-square, and his mouth and lips were dry. If he could have had his choice he would sooner have scaled a battery with a de termined enemy behind it than have mounted the imioce'nt flight of steps before him. But he was in for the business now andmust needs stiffen his nerves and go through with it. Almost before lie knew it Hogau's voice, in oilest suave medical tone, was introducing him. ' Me friend, Mr. Ronald Morton, tlie world famous Asiatic explorer — Lady McCorquodale. Mr. Morton — Lord Hounes.' Lord Hounes, dried and sour and withered to an extraordinary degree, bowed with his own frosty dignity, and waved a hand towards a wonderful old figure in am armchair. 'My father, the Earl of Bridgebourne.' The Earl of Bridgebourne had never been a big man physically, but in the extreme old age to which he bad lived he seemed to have shrunk away to nothing. The skin, cliing tightly to his withered old temples as if it had grovm too small for thejskull. The toothless mouth fell in, and the nose and chin peaked beyond it, threatening to meet. Not a nerve or a muscle of his face seemed to have motion in it, and only his eyes were alive. They had grown amazingly large and brilliant like a bird's. . The unknown visitors heart fluttered with a sudden unexpected tenderness atid pity. The stately old man had been kind to him when he was a lad, had patted his head and advised him, and on two or three memorable occasions had tipped him a five-pound note. It was wonderful to himself to notice how near and keen and fresh the past from which he had severed himself grew at that moment. Lady McCorquodale's hair was. white and arrahffed in scanty bands. She was less ma jestic than of. old. He thought she looked softened, gentler, and less masculine. She had taken to spectacles1 and looked shortsightedly at tne visitor. Harry took the seat that was offered him, and Lady MeCorquodale began to question Kim. 'We understand from Dr. Hogan, Mr. Morton, that you are averse to society, and that during your brief stay in town you desire to be left alone as much as possible ?' He bent his head in silettce, but accompanied that gesture with a little deprecatory wave of both hands, which seemed to make light of the matter. ' We are very sensible,' her ladyship continued, 'of the favor you do us in coming here. You knew, poor Harry ?' The old lady's severe voice trembled. She had meant to- put the -question in hei- usual ceremonious fashion and had introduced it solemnly enough, but it touched her heart when it came. The handsome, wrong-headed, foolish lad was -dead, and being dead had long since been forgiven, 'Iknew him, madam,' the visitor answered sfoipfo jand waited for further questions. ' 'Where did you first meet him?' asked her ladyship. . 'He went straight to the Byzance Hotel on die night of life arrival in Constantinople.'. He tried to avoid the lie direct and hesitated from trhat his hearers took for shyness or Jong disuse of social habit* ' We met there for an bxJur or two,' lie went on, forced to admit the situation frankly. 'I believe he joined the Polish Legion, but nothiog came of that, and be finally went up country with a Circassian officer.-' 'We heard,' said her ladyship, interrupt-' ing him, 'some confused story of his having - saved an Englishman's life front the Circas sians. Didyou know of that. ' It was Ronald Morton's life he saved.' The quaint form passed with tbe rest of the' strangers oddities. 'Your life?' cried the old lady trenfbling. ' He risked his own'?' 'I am sure,' said the pretended Mortonv shruginghis shoulders with an incomprehen sible modesty, 'that he never thought of that. _'He was brave,' said the old lady. Her -tremulous lips told more and more of pride and affection, and perhaps something of repentance. Harry had been very young ? when the members of all bis house had famed their backs upon him and had left him to his own fatal devices. She thought piteously, 'If they had only been a little more generous !' i 'Did -ie often speak to you of home?' 1 Lord Sounes asked drily, 'and of his own ! affair's?' ''I knew his reasons for leaving England. 'You must let me Bpeak of this. I am per suaded — I know it as well as I know that I am sitting here— that he meant honorably all^long, that rogues took advantage of his ^experience of the world and gulled him.'' ' ?'' ' 'I have always said so,'-the old earl broke in with shrill and wavering pipe. ' I have always said so. His uncle Percy inaintainedit to the day qf his death. The boy was duped by rogues'.' 'We caused,' said Lord Hounes in his -3ry-as-dust parliamentary tone, 'we caused the strictest enquiry to be made into his way of life, and could discover nothing, abso lutely nothing, which militated against, his character.' 11 ne couKi nave gueseeo, Kna wie visitor, 'that his family would have taken so much care to do him justice he would have stayed and faced the hollow charge against him. An able counsel could have blown it to the winds in a minute.1' 'If I had not been certain,' said the old earl in his trembling falsetto, 'if I had not been certain of the boy's honor I would never have paid thedebts he left behind him.' The visitor looked up with a glance at once keen and troubled. There was as momentary hoarseness in his tone as he responded. ' I wish poor Wynne could have known. It lay upon his mind like lead.' ' He seems to have made you his confidant,' said Lady McCorquodale. 'I do not think,' Harry answered, 'that he had a secret from me.' A ring at the outer bell and the opening of the outer door had passed unnoticed, but at this instant a figure entered the room and brought him unconsciously to his feet. ' Inthia,' cried the old lady, ' I thought you were forty miles away.' ' Roberts was mistaken as to the time of the train,' she answered. 'We were twenty minutes late. I called on Lady Mabel as I drove home.' 'This is Mr. Morton, my dear,' said Lady McCorquodale; 'the great traveller in Asia, whose book you have been reading. Mr. Morton was with poor Harry when he died. My niece, Miss Grey — Mr. Morton.' The girl looked gravely and sweetly up at him, and their eyes met. In a second— in less than a second, in a flash of time — her calm ex pression changed to one of unutterable bewil derment. She had no eyes for the man who actually stood before her, bearded, massive, sun-burned, and scarred. The face that met her gaze was Harry's as she had seen him last. It was like a lightning flash for suddenness and was gone as soon as there. The two stood eyeing each other strangely, and Lady McCorquodale, rising rapidly, took Inthia by the hand. 'Sit down, dear,' she said tenderly, and whispered in a soft aside, 'I startled you.'' 'No,' said Intbia's eyes. She was herself again, but wondered still at the vision she had seen. 'My great-grandson,' said the earl, 'died like an Englishman, Mr. Morton.' The whole interview had weighed upon him from the first and now that Inthia was here he felt it intolerable. He thought he had come with a pardonable pretence, but now he felt as if he were steeped in infamy. He could not speak without evading lies. If he had found the people of his blood, as he had supposed be left them, cruelly indifferent and cold_, his position would have been easier. But it hit him hard to know that they had been sensitive of his honor, and that in spite of appearances they, had believed in him. He found it diffi cult too to sit by and give no sign when a casual phrase informed him of Percy Seaforth's death. But for a strong and resolute repression the tears would ihave. arisen to his eyes at that intelligence. The colonel had been like a father to him and had stood next in his heart to Inthia. He had a purpose in mind and could not yet afford to Betray himself . He felt that he must harden Ms heart, as Joseph had done before his brethren thousands of years ago, though like Joseph he would fain have gone out aud wept. ' CfiAPTER XIV. ' Begad !' said Hogan as he left the house at Harry's side, 'ye're curiously shy, Morton. Upon me word now, ye were blushing and boggling like a school girl. Ye weren't used to be like that wheia ye were more aeeusto'Qied.to the society of ladies, ni go baiL' Harry forced a laugh. He was conteiit to leave Hogan to his fancy, and was glad that he had lighted upon so natural a supposition. ? Hogan wanted to drive him back to the hotel, ', but Harry insisted on shaking hands then and there. ' Fm in want of exercise,' he said, ' London '? cramps me. He strode away, and Hogan watched his massive figure as it went down the street. The medico was so full of pride in his friend that he could not refrain from playing him on the very coachman. 'D'ye know who that is, Harkett? Thafs the most famous man at this hour in London. That's Mr. Roiiald Morton, the great Asiatic explorer.' . * ' Him as rode on 'orseback from tlie Cahspian to the Pacific, sir ?' said the coachman waking to sudden interest. ' He looks as if he'd gone through something, sir. A splendid figure of a gentleman.' Harry strode solidly away, eager to be alone with his own thoughts. Almost before he knew it he found himself in Hyde Park, and there seating himself on a bench iu a quiet corner he tried to pull his random wits together. For a while he could think nothing but Inthia. His pulses sang her name. The thought of lier face fiQed his mind. Many a thousand times in his lonely wanderings he had tried to picture her as grown to womanhood and had tried to anticipate the changes time would bring. He thought her now infinitely more beautiful than he had ever pictured her or than she had been in her girlhood. He believed fee read a hist -of settled sorrow ill her face, and he accused himself, as any honest man was bound to do. That young fife ought to have gone unshadowed.' . He sat hi a sort of dreamland, when the thought crossed him that his own boyish wickedness and 'folly had killed her lover and had left a virgin heart widowed. He' felt like an assassin. ' What right had he to rob her in that way? He had been a fool from start to finish, and had even misread the legend of sterling familypride which had stared him in the face. He ought to have known that a man in the position of Lord . Bridgebourne would not allow the family honor to be tarnished for the. sake ot a few thousand pounds. The hard old man had paid his debts when he supposed him dead, and would have done at least as much to prevent the open shame of his appearance in the dock. Sitting there unobserved he drew from his norfrflt fl, small lp.at.ber Trallc* rt-ar-lr our} polished with long use. It contained but a single sheet of paper-^Inthia's last letter. He knew its words by_ heart and had so known them any time this seven years, bilt he read the lines again with a sort of reverence. He had always heard the girl's impetuous and vivacious voice in the words, but now the woman's graver. and gentler tones seemed to repeat them with a solemn surety. He had in the course of the morning felt so strangely moved to betray himself that he had been on the edge of doing it half-a-dozefl times. ? Sitting retired in his little corner soli tude he half resolved to let his alias go. He could repay Lord Bridgebourne easily, and there lay his plain honest duty. He had made an honorable and famous name, and felt that the indiscretion of his youth Was wiped so clean away that no man Would care to bring it up against him. His self-effacement, which had once looked like an act of heroism, seemed now only like one more folly added to the list. His mind swung to and fro like a pendulum. He would and he would not TTig mood of in decision was all the less tolerable to him because of his accustomed way of life, full of the rapidest and most daring decision. He had made up no final mind upon the matter when he rose to walk back to his hotel. There was a block at a crossing of the roads, and looking up he saw Lady McCorquodale and Inthia seated behind , her ladyship's black liveried coachman. They bowed to -him and he, raised his lasA in answer, reading or fancy ing that he read a renewal of the first enquiry in Inthia's eyes. If she should recognise him she could think of him only as a coward hiding under an alias from the reproach he dared not face. His thoughts were with him all day and through the greater part of the night. He awoke restless and unrefreshed, and walked out for an early morning swim in the Serpen tine, still debating the one question by the rvjocj'm j~v woo uuocbucu wilCU lie ICblUIlCU) «U1U looked likely to remain unsettled. AsJienearedthe'b.otelonMs return he ob served fbr the third or fourth time within the last day or two a curious figure on the pave ment at the. door — a man in an elegant little gd-eart of finished construction^ which was impelled and guided by the cripple's own hands. The nJtvn wore a skull cap of dark blue Velvet, whiolh was in striking contrast tfith the dreadfull pallor of his face. His skin was colorless and of a hard smooth texture, like white paper. His eyes were sunken and of a cold dead porcelaiai blue. His face was so dean shaven that it loo&ed; innocent of the razor, but the chin was deecirated by a little goat tuft, and whenever the matt was not occu pied in wheeling himself about he eat caressing this tuft with his blanched fingers, with a stiff, set smile, as if he were meditating nfischief to - somebody. The robust giant had never' passed Um ruined creature without a twinge of gjty? ?wTlich had yet a trace of repulsion in it. Con stant .suffering might well have given birth to that so;illess grimace, and it was bard that a healthy man whose every movement was a bodily pleasure should punish suffering even in his thoughts. Behind the man this morning stood a tol] md handsome girl of amarlged American type, slender and insolent. She bod a hand upon the back rail of the go-cart hear the invalid s head and was bending over him. when Harry first caught sight of ttiteji^ The hall porter was standing on the steps of the hotel atd was in conversation with them. Harry hjjard. distinctly the name of Bonald Mortoii, arid as he passed through the doorway was aw&ire; of whispers behind him. The re fleatiopi in the glass doors showed him the group outside, the invalid pushing his chair forward, the girl peering eagerly over his head, ttie hall porter nodding backwards and side ways, as who should say 'There goes tbe man you spoke of. ' Harry was constantly receiving some such evidence as this scene afforded him of the interest he excited in the public mind. He passed indoors and in a moment had for gotten the episode completely. The invalid set his chair in motion, gliding smoothly over the level pavement. The girl walked slowly at his side, keeping pace with him. 'Gilead,' she said, looking downjipon him, ' that ain't the man.' 'What?' the other snapped, turning his eyes upon' her. . ' It ain't the man,' the girl repeated, with a drawling nasal decision. 'Willie was no broader round the shoulders than I am. You could get three men like Willie into that man's waistcoat.' 'You always were a mule Priscilla,' the cripple answered, 'and you always will be. You'd have been a mule if you'd been born to trousers, but being feminine you're fixed up proper.' 'Mule or no mule,' the girl hummed through her pretty little nose,' ' that ain't the man. D'ye think I don't know Willie Reid?' 'D'ye think J don't know him?' snarled the. man in the go-cart. ' Don't men at his age thicken in the figure ? He wasn't over five and-twenty. Whars to prevent his thicken ing in the figure? Til tell you what it is, Priscilla — you make me mad.' 'I don't care bow mad I make you,' the girl hummed back at him with a tranquil, settled obstinacy, ' that ain't the man.' 'Parrot!' said the invalid, and shot him self wrathfnUy forward, at a great pace, xae girl walked calmly on, and by- and-by he came circling back again, made a tour round her and settled into his old place. ' I'll know if he's the man or not,' he said ; 'I'll put Heaton on to him.' Unconscious of the peculiar interest he excited, Harry breakfasted and settled himaelf to work at the preface his publishers had asked for a projected popular edition of his book. A waiter announced a gentlemen to see him'. For a while he was indisposed to receive a stranger. He had been besieged by curious inmertinents of the lion-hunting tribes and had made his orders imperative against their admission. But this particular visitor clung tenaciously to his point and was at last admitted. He was gray and responsible in aspect, and might have been an eminently respectable solicitor by his looks. 'My instructions are, sir,' lie said, 'to place this letter and this packet in your own hands. You are Mr. Ronald Morton ?' 'lam Ronald 'Morton.' The grey, responsible man gravely banded him a sealed packet and a letter, and at once took up his hat to withdraw. 'Stay,' said Harry.. 'There may be an answer.' ' I was instructed to the contrary,' said the respectable stranger, and with that and a quiet ' Good morning' he left'the room. Harry broke the seal of the letter and found Messrs.* Coutts & Co. in correspondence with Mr. Ronald Morton. On the 3rd March, 1875, he was informed that he had, on the in troduction of a respected client, made a deposit of seven hundred and fifty pounds and a sealed parcel. With the exception of ten pounds : twelve shillings and sixpence the whole sum deposited haa been withdrawn a fortnight ?' later, though Mr. Morton had distinctly under stood that his balance was at no time to stand at less than five hundred pounds, 'the bankers' letters caning his attention to this fact had been returned from the address left with them, and learning that Mr. Ronald Mortofi had re turned to London they begged at once to place ? the sealed packet and a draft for the balance of his account in his hands, and to close corres pondence. An air of cold business offence breathed through this epistle, and it ivas evident that the bankers were aggrieved at their client's neglect and his eontraventiou of their rides. 'But what to dp with this confounded packet?' the recipient asked himself* 'It doesn't] belong to me. Poor Morton used to say that he hadn't a relative iu the world. The ordnance map shows no Kekewieh in Cheshire. I have inherited a mystery and I most walk out of it by the straightesf roadJ' He was now eager to present himself to a solemn bank manager with the declai-ation that he had adopted an alias, and bankers wei'e not wont to surrender valuables without bsing pretty sure of the identity of the persons to whom' they handed them. Perhaps after all, he thought, he was troubling himself for 'nothing. The deposit might consist merely of confidential papers of no value to any one but the owner. He had at least the right to look and see. So thought'so done. The packet revealed a mass of valuable bonds, and eouppicuous on the top of it was the Imperial Eagle of Austria stamped on the issue of the lottery loan of 1854\. The sheets lay close and solid and he could form no notion of their value without a dose inspection. The discovery staggered him and added greatly to his perplexities. The only thing altogether clear to him was the fact that he could not keep them in his own hands. He had no more right to these valuables than aDy man who walked the street, but the question was how to give Uieni back again. He was still deliberating, marching solidly to and fro in his room, when two gentlemen iaelow presented themselves to the hall pofte'r; and offering their cards requested that they should be at once carried to Mr. Ranald Mortofi. The hall porter was extremely sorry, but Mi-. ? Morton's orders were imperative. He was not to be disturbed. The visitors were suavely and smilingly convinced that if. Mr. Morton knew theu- names he would at once- receive them. The hall porter was doggedly confident of the opposite and de clined to disobey the unqualified orders he had received. The visitors appealed to tlie hotel manager, explained that their business was of the utmost importance to Mr. Morton himself, and declared that Mr. Morton would be ex tremely angry if he learned they had been sent away. On this the manager himself ascended to Mr. Morton's rooms, and with a little flourish of apology set forth the reason of his intrusion. His guest took the visiting cards and had no, soofter glanced at them than he smiled with a curious expression. ' Quite right,' he said. ' Show the gentle men upstairs.' Tlie manager retired. 'Mr. Herbert Whale, F.L.D.S 'F.L.D.S. ? And Captain Peter Heaton. It will be in teresting to meet that pair again, but what do they want with Ronald Morton ? Pow Morton knew about them and -liad no high opinion of them. But what brings them to see him? Ill vow that neither or them desires to see me.' A waiter ushered in the visitors, who ad vanced smiling, hat in hand, but stopped simultaneously and glanced from Harry to each other with a look of sudden puzzlement. 'Mr. Ronald Morton?' said Captain Heaton, in a tone of somewhat puzzled enquiry. 'At your service, gentlemen,' said Harry gravely. ' The hotel manager was so certain of the importance of your business that you have no doubt something of a pressing nature to say to me.' Mr. Herbert Whale responded to this speech by a slow elaborate wink, and stepping on clumsy tiptoe to the door, opened it, peered out into the corridor, closed it^ and locked! it. Having gone through this curious pantomime with a face expressive of the liveliest humor, he returned and in a cheerful confidential whisper said, ' How goes it, William ?' Harry's stare of amazement at this enquiry left Hump's smile fixed upon his face. It stayed there for some seconds and then gradually faded to a look of almost abject vacuity. 'Have you got too proud to know an old pal V he asked at length. ' You're laboring under some singular mis conception, sir,' said Harry. ' I can't say,' said Heaton, interposing him self smoothly between them, 'that the tone you take is altogether surprising. You have changed, but you have hardly changed so much as you seem to fancy.' Harry looked from' one to the other and for a moment deliberated. 'Shall I be candid with you, gentlemen?' he answered. 'My first impulse was to put. you to the door lor a pair of impudent practical jokers. Perhaps, however, it may be best to listen to you. My time is valuable, and I shall be obliged if you will tell me as shortly as you can the nature of your busi ness.' ' Mr. Gilfoil has twice written to you since your arrival in London and has received no answer.' 'That is possible,' said Harry. 'Who is Mr. Gilfoil T Hump drove a facetious forefinger in the direction of his companion's waistcoat. ' He wants to Enow who Gilead is. Tell him, Heaton.' There was something so mirth-inspiring in his own fancies that Mr. Whale sitting with one end of his walking-Btick in either hand, rubbed it to and fro upon his legs in a subdued ecstasy of humorous eiijoyment and chugMed to himself. StSSHBB 'Is Mr. Gilfoil tbe anonymous gentleman who desired me a day or two ago to walk into his parlor ?' Harry asked. He had come to the conclusion an hour ago that he had inherited a mystery. Hethough it bade fair to turn out a very shady mystery, to say the least of it. The visit of Messrs. Hump and Heaton seemed at present to thicken it, but might end by clearing it, 'It js quite possible that he might adopt thatplayful form,' said Heaton. ' Will you tell my why I am asked to walk into Mr. Gilead's parlor?' 'It is seven years,' said Heaton, shrugging his shoulders with a smile, ' since he had the pleasure of meeting you. He is afraid that you may have forgotten him, and he does not mean to be forgotten.' ' Will you tell me why his affections flow S3 strongly my way?' asked Harry. Hump seemed to find this enquiry altogether delicious. He grew scarlet in the face and rubbed his walking stick up and down his thighs more briskly than before. Heaton himself seemed to see a dawning humor in the situation. There was a laugh in his voice as he responded — ' Come now, wasn't there a little account between Messrs. Gilfoil and Company and yourself left unsettled when you disappeared into Asia?' 'Was that so?' said Harry. 'Will you tell me its nature and amount V Heaton's smile creamed all over his face. ' Don't you think we've had enough of this?' he asked. ' It's quite natural that you shouldn't be eager to stump up, and really if you don't want to know your old friends they won't press themselves upon you. You donst take into account,' he pursued, in a manner at once soothing and explanatory, ' tlie change . that has taken place m Gilead since his acci dent. He has grown morose andjsnappish. He has less patience than he used to have. Your seeming neglect of his letters has made him angry. Honestly, I know him better of late 1 than you do, and he is even less disposed to be trifled with than he used to be. I won't even say that he might not be dangerous.' ' Gilead might be dangerous,' said Harry, with a stolid face. 'To me?' He tapped himself lightly on the chest as he spoke. 'You have seen a great deal, no doubt,' Heaton answered, 'but let me tell you you have not seen anything much worse than Gilead if he gets his back up. Your memory ought to tell you that.' 'We get no further, gentlemen,' said Harry. 'What, in plain English, does Mr. Gilfoil want?' 'In plain English, Mr. Gilfoil wants his share.' 'And bis fair share,' interjected Hump. 'And the Co. want their shares as welL' ' His share of what?' asked Harry. 'His share of the property,' said Heaton. His creaming smile had disappeared and had given way to a look of repressed impatience. ' His share of what property ?' Heaton rose with a gesture of sudden anger and took a step or two across the room. 'Look here,' said Sump, rising also and approaching Harry. ' You're spreading it too thick, young man. You want to pretend you haven't been in it all along. That cock won't fight._ You say you're Ronald Morton, and that's quite good enough. We got your last letter from Bulgaria telling us you couldn't be back for six months. That's seven years ago, and now we've got you, William, you're not going to slip us again. Just you make up your mind to that. The situation was growing interesting, and it was one of a kind- that Harry Wynne felt himself more at home in than he had been in that of yesterday. But it came suddenly to an end ia a manner he did not understand. Tlie gallant captain stood half sly, half fascinated, ~ with his eye upon -the. pile of bonds. The fingers of his right hand fumMed eagerly at a little gold pencil-case which dangled from his watch-chain. -He shot the cuff of bis shirt sleeve across the knuckles of his left hand and pencilled a hasty note upon it. With that he turned swiftly with an air of triumph and decision. ' Let me advise you,' he said, ' not to carry four present game too far, Mr. William Reid. Tnderstand that you are dealing with men who are accustomed to enforce their rights. We do full credit to your genius for shifts and dodges, but you will recollect that the rest of us are safe, and you aTe not. You may take what courseyou. choose, and I do not pretend to say what time will be allowed you. But you will be troubled by no further visits -from us, and any further negotiations will begin on your own side. Good- morning.' He marched erect and soldier-like to the door, unlocked it, signalled to his companion, and_ went out, a monument of virtuous indig nation. Half-way down the stairs Hump lapped him on the shoulder with his walking st*ek. ' You broke off rather short, old sonny. ' Heaton cast a cautions glance about him and saw that they were quite alone, then diving into his pocket produced a purse, and drew from it a folded scrap of paper. The paper was frayed at the edges, and he had to open it gingerly lest it should fall to pieces. ' One thousand pounds reward,' it ran, 'will be paid to any person giving such infor mation as will lead to the conviction of the criminals and the recovery of the bonds and notes stolen in transit between Boulogne and Calais on the night of the thirteenth instant.' Here followed a long list of the stolen securi ties and numbers of notes. Heaton, peering round Whale's elbow, laid tlie trim nail of his little fingeron one number, and then, shooting his shirt cuff over his hand, set the pencilled memorandum tlierp above it. ' That's all, my boy. That' was the number of the bond on top of the pile. They were lying 011 liis table. ' (To be wniinued.) ? »? Yet another family magazine has been added to the long list of those which are published every 'week for the amusement arid instruction of English-reading people. The new penny worth is called Golden Gates, and its editress is John Strange Winter (Mrs. Arthur Stannard), the author of 'Bootle's Baby' and other popular works of fiction. A copy of the first monthly number, which contains four of the weekly parts, has been sent to us by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Co. Each of these weekly issues is complete in itself, and the con ductor promises that two tales 'by the most popular authors of the day'' shall be presented : regular^, that there shall be no ghost stories, '?? and that the whole magazine shall be 'bright, breezy, and thoroughly wholesome in tone.' ' The opening volume has an autograph portrait : of .Mrs. Stannard as a frontispiece, and the ; reading matter fully confirms the promise of : the introduction. We have received a small volume of verses entitled 'Autumn Leaves and Christmas Joys,': described by the author (Mr. Benjamin Stuart Sanders) as 'a miscellaneous collection of short spicy poems, &c;' Mr. Sanders asks the reader to criticise his humble verses kindly. They do not deserve critical analysis, aud after such au appeal it would be cruel to attempt it. Verserwnting is a pleasant pursuit with many who are not poets, whatever talent they may have for stringing rhymes together, and it is almost enough to say that Mr. Sanders is not a poet. His verses display love for the beauties of nature, a simple and unaffected piety, and warm humanitarian feeling, but they are en tirely destitute of literary merit. The two opening ix^rfls, 'Morning Hymn' and 'Morning,' are among the best in the volume. They -illustrate strikingly the chief character istics of the writer when dealing with serious themes — commonplace conception and trite imagery. The numerous rhymes convey big 'Advice to Bx-ys' are unobjectionabfe, au-i indeed commendable as homilies in verse, but the poetic element is altogether absent. - A great many of. the other subjects treated are 60 trivial that it is not perhaps surprising that Mr. Sanders failed to find in them a source of . high inspiration. 