GENERAL NEWS. Doling the week ended 13th March. ls91, the total number of visitors to the Victoria Public Library was 307, of which number 14 were la-jies. All the mala for despatch from Albany by cont act packets this week will be close i &t; . the General Pot-office en Thursday. The homeward boat is the Arcadia, due at the Sound on Saturday ; the Orient liner Orotava, which will probably reach Albany on Friday evening', is carrying the present week's outward English mails. Hydrophobia bos at length obtained such a bold in the island of Singapore that the European population are urging apon tne Government the necessity for the immedi ate introduction of specal legislation on t'-e subject Two courses are suggested — the enlargement of the period of quaran tine, in an isolated locality from the town, from three to six months, or the more t-ffective method of destroying all the do-rs now in the colony. Deaths from hydro phobia occur in Singapore almost daily. Mr. and Mrs.Byng, Mrs. Bohr and maid, Major Wylie and valet, Messrs. Wilb'am Bonand Evill, who left Albany by the R. M. S. Britannia, anived at Plymouth Feb. 13. Oar sporting readers will be glad to learn that at Messrs. Tuille &. Co.'s sale of thoroughbred stock at the Royal Agricul tural Grounds, Melbourne, on the 2nd iwfrftn.Tifc, the following thoroughbreds were knocked down to the bids of Western Aus tralian buyers : — Br f, foaled 2Ofch August, 1839\. by Bicbmond from babel— Mr. Wit teneom, Western Australia, 50 guineas; ch f, foaled 1st September. 1899, by Gang For ward from Artichoke — Mr. Gull, Western Australia. 4O guineas ; b f, foaled 2nd Sep tember, 1889, by Neckersgat from Minne — Mr. Luton, 100 guineas. At Messrs. Tuille & C -.'s sale of the St. Alban's yearlings the other day, the sum of 2,300 guineas was bid by Mr, Andrew Cbumaide for a fall brother to the well known racing, cracks Wild Kosa and Churchill — the highest price ever paid for a yearling in Australasia. At the game sale the half brother to Correze, who secured third place in the last Melbourne Cap. brought 1,075 guineas, a yearling half-sister to Mentor realised 800 guineas, and a full sister to Vengeance, winner of the Caulfield ond Australian Cups, was knocked down at the price of 525 guineas. The European Mail of Feb. 13, received by Monday's mail, says : — Mr. William Morrison, of Messrs Frederick Barnes &Co.;, Mr. oreorge J. Jennings, of Lambeth, Mr, G. G. Macwilliam, of BartJetfs Buildings, London, the Bev. Hubert Lane, of the Un iversity Club, and Mr. T. H. Wye, are at tbe head ot the West Australian Pastoral and Colonisation Company, which has just been launched on the market here with a capital of £100,000, divided into 19,800 or dinary shares of £5 each, with 200 found ers' shares of £5 each. It is doubtful whether the board is strong enough to carry it through successfully. Mr. Wye ia well known as chairman of the Land Corporation of not Australia, but the connection of the others with the Colony is rather remote. It is Mr. Wye's company who are the vendors. They got Mr, Alex. Fo test to select a block of land near 'the main road from Albany to Perth, and they are now disposing of this block to the Western Australian Pastoral and Colo nisation Company for .£33,000 — namely, .£15,090 in cash, £17,800 in fully paid or dinory snares, and £200 in fully-paid founder's shares. Fruits and cereals and, indeed, all semi-topical products, in tending investors are informed in the pro spectus, can be grown in abundance, and it will be one of the chief objects of the directors to encourage and promote emigra tion. With this view it is proposed to es tablish agencies in England and elsewhere. The manager in Western Australia is to be Mr. W. H. Angove. At the Perth Police-court yesterday John Leary, for being drunk, was fined 5s. or 7 days, and James Murphy, a bus driver, for indecent assault upon a Mta. Martin and resisting the police, was remanded. At St. George's Hall last Monday the Taylor-Carrington Company produced the dramatised version of the celebrated novel ' Dark Days.' The version in question was very far behind the novel from which it was taken, and the various scenes and incidents were ill constructed. The acting of 'the various artistes, however, went a long way to make up for the defective playwriting and enabled the audience to go away satisfied. To-ni«jfataa appropriate medley piece entitled ' The Shaugnran ' will be produced, in which a special scene will be added to the usually good Bcenery which the Company in question has in stock, and it is to be hoped that a full house will be present to bestir the talented entreprenneurs to farther efforts. Dr. H. 0. Bamefcfc, Surgeonsuperinten dent of the Lunatic Asylum, .has applied for and been granted leave of absence from his duties for one year. Dr. Barnett in tends to visit England. Yesterday morning the members of the H.A.C.B.S. marched in procession, and re galia, through the principal streets of Fremantle, In celebration of St. Patrick's Day. The - pioeetsiuu was headed 'by the local Volunteer band, playing appropriate airs, and the handsome banner of the society was much admired by the numerous spectators along the line of route. The following are tbe charges formulated against Capt. Swan, concerning the Strand ing of the Baven, bqe, on the 11th inst. : — Drunkenness.* carelessness in aa_»-ation and wanfc-of Judgment after rouiunngthe Champion Buoy, up to the time ef sttiking on, or near Dyer's Island, in tie passage known as the S-mtb. Passage, be tween Bottnest Island and the reef to the south. The official inquiry trill commence at tbe Fremantle Court house on Ftiday next, at 10-30 a.m. On 'Change yesterday Centrals were offered at 2Gs. and Central Extended at Is. 9d., without buyers. For Fraser'a 7s. was offered with eel «w at 8i. Sd., Fraeer'a South being offered (pro at 12s. and con, at lls*) without buyers. For Hope's Sll (pro.) lid. was offered with sellers at Is. 9-L, contributing being offered at 26. Sd. vithout buyers. The other stocks were not notictd. To-day — tbe day fixed for holding the Autumn race meeting of tbe W.A. Turf Ciub— all thd banks of Perth and Fryman tie were closed. At the Fremantle Police-court yesterday morning, before Mr. L. W. Clifton, J. P., Francis Allcock and Antonio Anderson, seamen of the steamer Flinders, were charged with disorderly conduct on the previous evening. From the evidence of the arresting constable it appeared that he found the defendants fighting in the street. The defendants said that they had been keeping St. P ttrick'8 Dar. It being their first appearance they *ere cautioned and disnrssed William Boyle, for cattle trespass, was fined Is. and coats. On Monday Messrs. W. & S. Lawrence launched from their yards, in Bazaar Terrace, another lugger for use in the North- West pearling industry. This boat, which has been, named the Pansey, is for Capt. Francis, who is now in the service of Messrs. Streeter & Co., her length being thirty-feet on the keel, beam eleven feet three inches, depth six feet, with a carry- ing capacity of ten tons. The Pansey will leave Fremantle for Cossack in charge of Capt. Clarke, during the next week or so, and meanwhile Messrs. Lawrence are finishing off another lugger, for the Sharks Bay fishery, to the order of Messrs. John and Shannon. Up to March 7 the following bad book ed passages at Sydney for Albany per B.M.S. Arcadia :— Dr. and Mrs. Waylen, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Walker, Mr. A. D. Walker, and Mr. T. Simpson. It is sta*e I in the report of the proceed ings at the late Wesleyan Conference held in Adelaide that the See. Horace Kaull. of this colony, has been admitted into full connexion, on 4 that he will be ordained at the next District Meeting held ic Western Australia. We understand that Professor Price in tends to make bis balloon ascent and para chute descent in Perth next Satur.lay, in the vicinity of tbe Occidental Hotel. List evening two sweeps were be drawn on to-d-iy'a Alstr ?poliian Handicap ? one at the Mechanics' Institute and the other at the Boyal Hotel. Last Saturday night the light engine from Fremantle came in contact with a bullock which was grazing on the line near the Sabiaco crossing. The result was that the animal was knocked down and, though not fatally injured, it had to be removed from the rails. Th« well-known racehorse War Cry, by Slanderer — Waitress, who has score 1 so many victories on the Perth course as well is on the provincial tracks, is now to be seen in harness dragging one of the city m ses. The English mails per O ean i arrived it the General Post Office on Sunday and were delivered early next morning. The. mails from the Eastern colonies per Orizaba were despatched from Albany by special train — the first under the new arrangement betweea the railway company and the Government for this 8*-rvice — at 6-25 p.m. on Sunday and arrived at Perth by 1'55 down train from Beveriey yester day. The ball organised by the M.R.V. Speci al Prize Committee advertised to take place on race night (this evening) in the Perth Town Hall, promises to be a success. The committee are sparinj; no expense to give the public a treat on the occasion. Messrs. Mason and Cloaj»i will provide music. The mails from London per Oceans, which reached Perth on Monday brought the intelligent that Sir Frederick Weld had decided upon paying a. short visit to Singapore, leaving MaraeUle* on Feb. 8, by the M.M. steamer Melbourne. It is added that it is quite on the e*rds that Sic Frederick may extend his journey to Aus tralia, either by a British-India steamer to Queensland or direct to Fremantle by one of BethelTs lane of steamers. That so old and good a- fiiend of Western Australia would be met with a b-i*rty reception on arrival there is very little .roo u to doubt. He would at tbe same tuu aae that his prediction ' At last she moves ! ' fairly realised and the colony in the possess ion of the boon -which he so earnestly hoped would speedily be given her — Self- government. Nearly two decades have passed since Sir Frederick left those shores, bat neither time nor distance can be said to have lessened the interest he evinced is us from bis first assumption of the Govern ment— ia 1869. On 'Chang* on Monday, Centrals were offered at 20s. and Central Extended at la. 8d., without buyers. For Fraser's 8s. was offered with sellers at 8s. 8d., Fraser's south (pro) being offered at 12s. without buyers, contributing being offered at lls. with buyers at 8s. For Hope's Bill (pro) 10d. was offered, with sellers at Is. 3d., Is. 9d. being offered for contributing with sellers at 2s. 3d. For Parker's (con) 4s. 6d. was offered without sellers, promoters being offered at 10s. without buyers. An employee on the Midlinri Bailway named Martha was unfortunately killed on Friday last. The deceased it appears, was endeavouring to stop some timber trucks closa to the platform, when he slipped and, falling under the wheels was, crushed to death on the spot. At the Frsmantle Police Court, on Monday , before Me-sre. B. Fairbairn, B.M., and S. Gibbons, J.P., John Banks, charg ed with drunkenness, was fined Bs. ; James Brown, who made his first appearance on a similar charge, was cautioned and dismiss ed. It will be observed, from our business columns to-day, that Mr. 3. Gallop's exten sive and valuable property ' Dalkeith ' ia offered for sale by tender. Tbe garden is so well known, and has acquired such an extensive reputation for produce of tfca very best quality, that it is scarcely necessary to enlarge upon its merits. Mr. Gallop will give every facility to intending ten derers to inspect the garden. Capt Irvine, of the steamer Albany, has accepted the appointment of pilot, at Al bany, vice Pilot Thompson, who was acci dentally killed a few days ago. Owing to a typographical error, tbe name of Mr. Wearne was given as one of the judges of the Athletic Sports at Fre mantle on St. Patrick's Day, instead of Mr. 8. Weaves. On Friday evening a private telegram was received in Perth to the effect that three prospectors' mates had arrived in Geraldton from the eastward with a large quantity of alluvial gold and report good p rospects of a payable goldfield. Yesterday (Tuesday) the Full Court aat at 10-30 a,tn. The following is the list of cases : — George Gurney, appellant, and James Kelly, nspondent : appeal against the decision of the Police Magistrate, Perth. The WtfSt Australian Land Company (Ltd.), appellant, and John Forrest, re spondent : appeal against the order of the 17th November, 1890, and the judgement thereon. William Brown. Priggan, appel lant, and Edmund Thomas Henry Barrett Lennard: appeal against so orach of the judgement dated 3rd Decsmber, 1890. as refers to costs. In Bankruptcy. — Tn re Bobert Charles Plant, a bankrupt, appeal against the order of the Registrar in Bank rnptcy, dated on tbe 17th November, 1890. William Sandovcr and Cecil Henry Ham mond, official liquidators of the Gascoyne Mercantile Company (Ltd.), plaintiffs, and James E. Townsend, defendant : motion to B«t aside the findings of the Beferee and for a rehearing. The following persons have booked pass ages from London to Albany : — Per Oratava, Miss Ferguson, Miss Jameson, Miss Camming, Mr. G. Thwaites and Messn. Neville (2) ; per Parramatta. Mr. K. H. Goodwin. An accident happened to Henderson, the rider of First King, on the Perth course last Monday, which at first caused con siderable alarm on the part of those witnessing it from the Grand Stand en closure. It appears the old grey did not take kindly t» the hurdles erected for next Wednesday's Steeplechase, they being higher than formerly, consequently he went round instead of g*ing over them. This piece of bad form necessitated Henderson bringing his hone back to the sticks, which, after a little pressure, he tried to clear. But, to the astonishment «t everyone, the honest old grey lost his legs and came down with a terrific crash, just clear of the timber, otherwise the consequences might have proved serious for both horse and jockey. Happily, how ?vet, neither was injured, and beyond a few bruises on the face Henderson escaped unhurt, while First King got off without a scratch. We draw attention to the advertisement appearing in another column in which the WorkB Department offer bonuses for the sinking of three shafts to a, depth of 500 feet on the Yilgarn Field. We are in a position to state that this advertisement will very likely be modified, snd companies wOl be allowed to utilise existing shafts as a commencement. At Trinity Congregational Church, last Monday, Mr. B. J. Gooch, of Tarra Tarra station, Murchison, was united in the bands of matrimony with Miss Alice Birch, eldest daughter of the late Mr. Somers Birch, of this city. The bride who was given away by her uncle, Mr. F. K. Stirl- ing, was attended by her cousin. Miss F. Stirling, the bridegroom being accompani-. edd by Mr. T. H. Cooper, of the Survey Department, who acted as best man. Short- ly after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Gooch drove off to Guildford, where they will remain a few days, and afterward visit the eastern districts. On Sun lay lot, at 4 o'clock, Mr. T. H. Bates held an open air service by the riverside, in the pi-esence of an immense concourse of spectators. The sermon was based on the words in Luke 4.27 — ' And m tny lepers we e in Israel if the time of Elias the prophet, and none ot them w&~ cl an«ed saving Naaman the Syiian.' After stating the historical facts, the Evangelist drew a parallel bet-veen the leper \s case and that of the sinner, showing firstly, in seeking relief from the malady of sia, he sometimes imagines it will come in a different way from what it does. Secondly, the folly of human criticism of God's requirements, and, thirdly, Oat penitent obedience is sure to bring relief. If e then led a young m&n; out a distance into the river and immersed him in the name of the Father, the Son and tie Holy Ghost, after which both gentlemen cetuad tA the boat building shed of Mr. Xrftvreaee, where they attired themselves in fresh garmenta and theaieft for their respective homes. We understand that the family of Mr. Bates arrived per last trip of the Nemesis, and that he has now taken up bis permanent residence in Hay-street west. A very pleasant and agreeable evening was spent at the Lion Jarrah Saw-mills. Eastern Railway, on Saturday last, when the workmen, with their wives and children, met in the ballroom, a comfortable bnild ing 80x25 feet, built for the workmen's special use. The programme consisted of singing, recitations, etc., the entertain ment finishing up with some daocing. A duet was well rendered by Mrs. Witte and Mr. Davies, while songs were contribu ted by Mr Heather and Mr. Symons. Boars of laughter wen; indulged in during the amusing' farce performed by Messrs. McFraley and Dawes. Daring the evening Mr. Jvnes Port, father of the manager of the Lion Jarrah Mills gave an interesting lecture entitled' A -ctiat about Brokene Hill, the great silver country of Austra lia.' Mr. Port is an old colonist, having landed in Victoria in 1852, but daring the Iast seven years has resided on the Barrier Silver Fields. Tbe Commercial Bank of Australia Ltd. shipped to Melbourne last Saturday per »m. Albany, 1483 ozs. of gold, the pro duce of the colony. On Wednesday afternoon an interesting gam* of cricket was played between tbe Grammar School and the High SchooL In the first innings the sexes were about equal, but in the second innings the bowling of toe Grammar School proved very de structive to their opponents, who were all despatched for twenty-six. The Grammar School succeeded in putting together the requisite number to win with the loss of ?uly fire wickets; thus winning bj five wickets. The mails for despatch from Albany by contract packets during tbe coming week will be made up at the General Post-office, Perth, as under :— For th* Eastern Colonies, New ZetUnd,the United States of America, Canada, etc, on Thursday (March 19), at 11 a.m., for transmission .per Orient B.M.S. Orotava; for India, China, etc., at 11-30 a-m., and for the United Kingdom, Europe, etc., at 1145 a.m., on Thursday (March 19.) The arrangements for posting late correspondence, booking packets, etc., will be found under the usual mail notices. Mr. F. W. Sherwood's clipper third-class yacht Terror changed hands on Friday to Messrs Horace and A. f. Gryde, at the price of £25. The Frenjantle Rifle Volunteers are making arrangeaiements for a handicap rifle cutest on the 1st and 4th prox. The distances will be 300 and 300 yards, tne sum of JB5, being divided into four prizes. The competition will also be open to mem bers of the Fremantle Artillery. The following hare been appointed a shooting committee : Setgts. Chamberlain . and Fenner, Lance-corporals Groves and Hicks, and Privates O'Bymc aad Gregg. It is intended to ask Retired Major Humble (FJS.T.) to act as handieapper.' Nomin ations should be forwarded to the Secre tary. Private A. Gregg, on or before the 23 th inst. On Thursday evening last what; might have proved a disastrous conflagration at Ftetnantle was prevented by the early dis covery Of the danger. At about 6.30 p^n. Mr.Tt. S. Newbttyl ana Captain H»1L while walking down Henry-street, noticed smoke issuing from the premises on the ground floor occupied by Mr. B.M. Walker. On gnfrwnfig the building they found that a stack cf firewood in a storeroom at the back of Mi-. Walker's offices was on fire and that the flames had reached the matchboard ceOing, Betting it alight. They succeeded in putting out the fire wi h a few backets of water. There is every reason to believe that a serious catastrophe was prevented by the promptitude of ' Messrs. Newbold and, Hall, as had the fire not been nipped in the bud a few minutes would have pUpwed it to penetrate, the ceiliap and attack the bed rooms ot the Club HoSl above! .,.,' It will be observed that an alteration ba^ been made in tbe day originally fixed foe closing tiu* week's mails for despatch ;to the Kastern Colodies— aajnely, ' from Wednesday, at 11.30 o'clock, to ^Thnis Jday, at 11 o'clock. When, by the.ezpecte4 arrival of a steamer with] English mails earlier than schedule time, it is found necessary to close the Perth mails i day or . so earlier, ft is, of conrae.the business of the department concerned to see that this is done ; but there seems to .be little excuse for the department (as they have done in the present instance) in altering the time to a day later. This sort of thing begets ?.feeling of ancerfcinty, which arooqg busi ness at least is not a litUe embarrassing. At the Fremantle Police-court on Sat urday, before Mr. Fairbairn, B.M., John Wright, charged with assaulting Clara WithneH, was fined 40*. and costs, or in default 21 days' imprisonment. The news of the sad death of Mr. Thomp. son, the chief pilot at Albany, was received ia Perth on Friday with .considerable i gret. The dec need, who has several relatives in the city, was well-known and respected. Hewms a prominent member of tiie Masonic f eaternit/, and -r*s a past master of tb* PlantagenetCodge 1494 B.C., at Albany, the present welt-being of the Lodge being greatly due to bis efforts. The only policy of insurance in force on the barqne fcaven when she met* ith her mishap off JCottoest on Wednesday even ing was one of JB1000, effected in the office of the South British Intumnce^Company. A fire occurred at Davilak cottage, the residence of Mrs. Manning, near Freman tle, on Thursday morning. The alarm was first given by a servant, who discovered tbat the drawing room was on fire. Mr. A. Manning and Mrs. Manning were absent at the time, the only occupant of thehousi bring the governess, the children and the servants. The names were subdued with great diCcolty by means of buckets of water aad wet t&an-e;?B, when it was found that a fire had also broken out in one of tbe bedrooms and on the veranish. For tunately these flames were also quelled. An examination of the premises showed that the drawing room curtains, part of the flour and carpet, a chair and table were burned. * Ja Jbbe bedr-ibm the brddotbing wait bumeB, And the fire had scorched the carpet, table and chain. Fortunately the verandah augtunied only alight injary. Tbe damage is estimated at J!IO. The origin of the fire is unknown. The Be v. J. Young Simpsen received a telegram £eo*i Adelaide on Saturday which gives tbe appointments, of the Wesleyan ministers in Western Australia for this year, as confirmed by the Conference; — Perth : Rev. J. Young Simpson (Chairman of tbe District). Bev. W. A. Pott*. Guild ford. Fremantle: Bev. T. Bird. York: Bev. EL C. George. Rev. W. Lowe (supernum erary). Geraldton.; Rev, John ST. Mills. Dongarra: Bev. Horace FanlL Albany: Bey. Thog; A. .James. Bunburj: Bev. James W. Xetibmd. bewcastle »adNor tham.- BevvJ-.G Mitchell. Yilgam:One to be «ent. The Bev. Vivian Roberts goes to MagiH, near Adelaide. At a Committee meeting of the Freman tle Cnck~t€tab held last week it was re solvrd;tbatfcs a : considerable number of snbaeriptioaki tor tbe current year were tuioatataadinf all thoM members who had not paid by the 31st March should be struck off the roll. At theP«rth Police court on Saturday George [aovie, charged with deserting the service of Mr. E. K«e-«e, promised to return to work and was allowed to do so. James Jones, charged with a breach of the ticket of leave regulations, was cautioned and dis charged. On 'Change on Saturday Centrals were ?fiered at 10s. 6d., with seller* at 16s. Is.. 2s., being offeted for Central Extended with sellers at la. 3d. For Fraser's 8s., was offered with sellers at 8a. Sd., Fra°ers Sooth (pro) being offered at 10a. 3d., with out buyers, 7a- 61., being offered for con tributing without aeUtta. For Hope's HOI (pro) lid- was offered with ?eUera at Is., la, 9d. being-offered for contributing with selleM at Ss. For Caledonians (con) 8d.. was offered with sellers at lid, promoters beine offered at 2s. 0d. without buyers. For Exchange (con) fid. was offered with sellers at 8jd , promoters being offered at 2a. without buyers. ' A High School Boy ' writes :— A few weeks ago a cricket match was played in the High School grant. High School Boys making 60 runs and the Grammar School let Eleven 24. On Saturday the return match was played, and tbe H. S. boys, tbinkiiMj it best to give Mr. Kinoear's eleven a chance, brought out half of tie let and the remainder Snd eleven ; the H. S. boys, in their first innings, making 43 and tbe 2nd 30, tbe «. 8. 39 and 33, leaving 4 men not out. They then drew stumps and now try to claim the match, which we will not agree to. We will meet again on Wednesday. Some of tbe handsomest-and latest de signs of Electioplateware in Perth are now being exhibited bySymon, Hammond £ Hubble. Hay-fltreet. Electroplated Spoons and Forks and Glass Vases * speciality. Entirely new goods. — Advt. 