NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Close. Warm. Cyclorama. Ghost illusion. Train accident. Rabbit disease. Cannon v. rifle. Oversea vessels. String Quartet. Sharp shooting. Further strikes. The new Master. Rapid promotion. A bicycling corps. Oriental Congress. Slavin in America. Woman's suffrage. Barometers falling. Hooper back again. "As You Like It." Free railway passes. Sickness at Maitland. Rival railway brakes. Mr. Hooper is better. More shearing trouble. Defaulter's body found. Phenomenon in Austria. General Booth is coming. Freemasonry in Victoria. Tanner's fast nearly over. Shakespeare at the RoyaL A weighty Commissioner. Lake created by a landslip. Crops in Ireland submerged. Stallion show at Yorketown. Severe storms in Great Britain. The Kilkenny difficulty settled. Melbourne express late yesterday. "The law and philosophy of love." Alterations to the Stock Exchange. Civil Service Commission's expenses. The Goodwood separation movement. A New South Wales legislator unseated. Miss Lily Dampier as Rosalind to-night. Three petitions to spare the Marine Board. The Tasmanian rifle team arrived yesterday. Chief Justice Way at the Oriental Congress. The Cyclorama was well attended on Tues- day. "As You Like It" by the Dampiers to- night. The String Quartet Club's third concert to- night. The members for Albert in antagonism again. General Booth has left Cape Town for Aus- tralia. The Bank of Russia is issuing credit notes largely. Parliamentary electricity misty on Wednes- day night. Legislative Council thinking of changing their quarters. Hague was very rough on "that Hutchison" on Wednesday. Brooker and Gould condemned the Railway Commissioners. Mr. Dampier will appear as the melancholy Jaques to-night. Osman took the Government view of the Messamurry leases. Ben Rounsevell had much to say in praise of Hague and Angaston. Brooker wants Ben Rounsevell to sit on the Railway Commissioners. Preacher Hancock spoke of a certain policy as being "suicidial" (sic). "Which is the worse, the tempter or the tempted?" asks Mr. Hague. There was an unusual number of "drunks" at the Police Court yesterday. The Australien has a number of notable per- sons among her passenger-list. There are three questions on the Legislative Council notice-paper for to-day. Hancock spoke of "negativing what might have been a practical possibility." It is estimate that about 2,000 people visited the Botanic Gardens on Tuesday. A bazaar in aid of the Holdfast Bay Yacht Club takes place to-day at Glenelg. One of the workmen at the Post-Office build- ing was severely injured yesterday. Mr. Tomkinson bombarded the President of the Legislative Council with petitions. "A pecuniary loss but amoral gain" was what Hague advocated on Wednesday. Ash doesn't think he is responsible for cor- recting all the lies uttered in the House. The Commissioner of Public Works has plenty of weight, according to Mr. Brooker. An interview with the superintendent of the S.A. Company's lands in this morning's Adver- tiser. Mr. Buchanan's new appointment came as a great surprise to the legal practitioners at the Port. Mr. C. Easton, of Morphett Vale, a colonist, of 51 years, died on August 28, in her 70th year. Several wrecks are reported in England re- sulting from the severe weather just experienced there. A splendid programme will be given by the Adelaide String Quartet Club to- night at the Albert Hall. Lord and Lady Kintore visited the Art Ex- hibition in the Old Institute Building on Satur- day morning. The total expenditure incurred by the Civil Service Commission during its existence is £7,219 0s. 6d. The Russian Minister of War has directed the formation of a bicycling corps in connec- tion with the army. Weather forecast for to-day—"Fine and warm. Light to moderate northerly winds. Barometers falling." Lord Rossmore and Captain and Mrs. Acland Hood return home by the Australien, which left yesterday. Osman says 1,000 persons in the south-east are apparently Crown lessees of land which be- longs to someone else. Osman says Ash moved in the matter of the Messamuny leases "from personal spite and for personal ends." Two thousand five hundred and fifty-seven arrests were made for drunkenness during the year ending June 30 last. Major Hannay, of the Victorian defences, visits Western Australia in connection with the defences of that colony. One of the essential characteristics of a gentleman is that he should have a high sense of honor," says Mr. Hague. The Melbourne express was nearly an hour late on Wednesday morning in consequence of a slight accident at Aldgate. The Antwerp wool sales opened on Tuesday, the average price obtained being a half-penny a pound below closing prices in June. While Hancock was speaking yesterday several members fell asleep under the impres- sion that they were in the conventicle. Thirty-five tenders were received for pro- perties forming portion of the assets of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, in liqui- dation. "It is to be regretted that a large town like Port Adelaide should feel itself unable, owing to want of funds, to introduce an efficient system of drainage. The prevalence of typhoid and diphtheria a year or more ago was closely associated with the existence of insanitary con- ditions, admitted by the local authority it- self." POPULAR SONGS.—No. 2. Come where my love sits screaming Screaming her early morning lay; In vain she's wildly scheming To reach the upper A; Screaming for all she's worth, Scaring the happy hours away. Come where my love sits screaming, So loudly screaming, the happy hours away. Come where my love sits screaming, Screaming out shakes, and runs, and trills; Good-bye to fancies dreaming, All peace that singing kills; Screaming both morn and night, Screaming unceasingly all day. Come where my love sits screaming, So wildly screaming, the happy hours away. Light are my slumbers, Songs loud and free Glance thro' my dreams With baleful melody; Light is the morning Which says to me— Come where my love sits screaming, Screaming those curs'd songs, Never a moment can she stay; Come where my love sits screaming, So loudly screaming, the happy hours away. 