THE YOUNG FOLKS ' OAPTIViSAimtXL8. IntitB ooar.e of eofio "interesting ; g0Mip ncAtoent.Df-jai wrap h«t/, a «n. ttoparag Tto-jBie!fello wing : N.tnre, when qmlndrillTT Xhia ruK A umzzt nuonas wonidlie manu- ftctured by na.«BiUc apbolAttref wbo'Hu P,e"S»«Sfftw|r«ttr foldaof bloB Mid light pnrpHab pick . 'Although hu' htad geoarirtiou i«»o bis bouuty is but skin a«p, torfie.«ojoj» the reputction o being on pramdiugly wicked' baboon—" Real 'nieui," Mid the fceejferw £U» aiugnlarity of hit ' bead colohts males the mandrill1 a popular show animal. He is en .expensive brute, reqairing great care. The difficulty in captivity is to get mm over his second year, for the older he is the morn conspicuous is that painted face of his,- which would mike any self -respecting ghost- daficlDg todiafijjdSlons. " This mandril), now in his -third y€ir," said the keeper, " is getting along verywell. 'We -'watch his con dition carefally, we give him raw eggs everv day, and he shall have some now." The man drill clutched a «onple of oggs offered him; was careful to hide ttio one hedid not hold, and oommSrice'd hitiblirig the shell of one. Now he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spUling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Next he tilted back his lieod, and bo took down the yolk. " He enjoys that very much. I give him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and he puts, it . down as if he liked it." "Battemperauco people alwayspoint to the the moral that perverted man is the only crea ture who indulges in spirits." u Well, it may not be natural to that ftaudrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. It's medicine, of course Now come and look at our giraffe. He is in splendid coudt- ; lion. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement ii that he is forced to staud in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and be would get cold, nod that would soon end hioi. As you see, the weight comes on his cleft forefeet, and one of them hss spread a good deal, and wowill have to clip it. He eats crushed oats, the liest clover hay, apples, carrots, end has his quart of milk with his water every day. Now yon shall see onr lions and tigers. Here wo have a brace of fairly lively linn whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to one another. Oh, those epats don't amount to anything. Yon see tlie trouble about those tigers ¥ Isn't it a pity?" I did look, and— distressing sight !— the tigers tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. /That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those tilings that can't be alwayB guarded against. One night, after ex hibiting, we had to strike tents, and move off in double quick time. Someboay in the dark wheeled the van with these two Bwcet tigers near those dratted hyenas. The tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a conple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of these tigers diminished 85 . per cent. Yon had better not ; stand too dose. All these Hninmlw have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a dtp before you know it. There really is more danger outside of the cage than in it. There are few things ebarpur than a tiger's claws. See." Thereupon the keeper drew out of bis pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as .sharp as steel, with fish-hook curves. " We have to cut their claws quite often. 'Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as claws go, and lessen the offensiveness of the rest of them by dipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely aloae, If we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide all cut. It's not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's claws; or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a daw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall aid tackle, a -half-dozen strong ropes, and &s; may men. The moBt trouble some rope is the onefo be put around the neck. The brute would choke himself if not for the precaution we take to secure one foreleg with his shoulder in the noose. Other ropes are attached to bis fore leg and hind ones, and he is stretched on his side, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the oper- -etion is over which at once loosens them. Then it is just as if you had coiled up a thousand horse-power steal spring, and let it go sudden. The van juit vibrates. Lions Buffer from lung troubles arid rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a thicken just as a cat does with a mouse— kind of enjoying it. They often hare milk. We usegreatcareinbutcheringtheir meat, and watch oat for splinters of bono which would choke them." 