lEit mxb ^xmwz. \ Calm acd Collected.— A paid bid. Well Couducted Tepple.— Meaabers oJ a good orchestra, Her charms subdued him era t'uey «red. -bat now ber tongue does eoJB&tetid.; History, it is said, repeaSa iteelf, but it is not every schoolboy vrhoa&n; repeat^is history, The poetmas isn't janch of as «rator, rethaps, but be -delirer? a gteat instny ad- ! dresses. Though a wonsan can b.eav a secret jfeiie baa to, ehe^an't ieep secret ihe tetot ta»t mae baa a secret to keep, Sonrehow or another tbeman-whoaoorea the ifoJ**** aiwajs eeams to goto sleep the first ia Kailwfe'*» are like UondresBeii— toey bave irrped the »VIe country, and occaaionally do a- little mangling*. A recent novel ba? iois passage $-?' And with both arms clasped WjJ*'?* her tender waiat he stroked her h?l* *on«'y- Which is at once the easiest an3 -«??»* --« ocoupationB ?— The aneioian's; for ^^ P1*3* when be works and works when he plays, Magistrate— ?' Were you piieint when the atEBolt was committed on ye ' Witness— 'May it plate the coort, I h*d jist got there.' Brown — «' What 1 S'ou are gains to marry tbet woman, She has no figure.'' Itobinsba— ' Ah, bnt my dear boy, her father baa.' Erovrn — 'Yt..ti- never kno* tbe worth of a wife edit some great trouble bslatla you.' M*rrit— *' Y*s. it's nioe to la-w the blimn do her.' Mr Stump coming home drunk one Elippery Bight said — ' V-vety Bicgalar, wcea water fttezet, it alias Ireezej wita tha alioperp eiae up.' Britflfss (a young lawyer)—' Well, I'll b9 ha&peb; ?' Old Legal Hand— 'I wouldu'e ba surprise d— ttsat is, if you defended yourself.' Pet liavieg blistered hia Sabers ia try lag oa a tew phir of boots, exclaimed, *' I sball never pet tbf in on at all until I wear them a day or two.' Pfcsliif— ' When I prow up I kDow what I ehsll c.o ' Jack— 'What, Phyllis?' Phyllis — 'I fcbail ju6t keep a eweet-sbop aad Bit sail any,' An Irish woman, uninvited to a wake— 'Well, well, I'll nave a corpse of my owo in my home some day, an' thin you'll see who'll be invited.' The man who never made a mistake is a son of the Tfomcn wh« never gossiped, and of the rran who never had the 'beat cure for rheu matism you ever saw.' l 'What time do you dine ' asked an un married man of a married friend. ' Weil, whenlwaB a baohelor I dined at 7 altvayp. Now I dine whenever dinner is reaiy.' Irishman —'Notice the beautiful velvet eward in which our hills are clothed.' £ag HebmRn— ' Huh ! That's nothing. Mmj of our hills in the old country wear furze.' Mamma (sternly)— ' Don't you kno* tbat the great King Salomon said 'Spare the rod ar-d spoil the child?''' Bobby— 'Yes, bathe didn't say that until be wan growed.' About Christmas time a little girl was told that 'Ehe' waB naughty, and Santa Glaus might not bring her a present.' ' Well,' said she, 'you need aot say it eo near the chimney.' 'Talk about man breaking hie heart,' said en oldlady. 'Well, perhaps be does, but its like a lobster breaking one of his claws ? anotbnr eprerats out at once acd grows in its place.' Travere— 'Yon bave actually sent a bill with my clothes ! What insult! What infamy!' 'Sailor— 'It was all our new bookkeeper's fault, sir. He got von mixed up with those who pay.' A te;n who pretended fo have st^o a eboa1-. was M-ed what in? ghost said to Mai? 'How rhonld I nBderftttd,' leplied the narrator, 'what beefcid ? I tea nut skilled ia any of the dead languages,' ;. ?? .. 'Acd don't you feel terribly -h' disgrace of being Eent to-piison?' asked the visitor. ' No n a'am,' returned tbe t x i ramp ' It ain'* the d'Fgrace 0'bekf sent, but ifc'e tae work that's ei tin' icj- heart away,' ' The public schools are a great benefit to public intereete.' said the thonghtftrl maa to hia neighbor. 'Ycb,' was the reply, 'they ere. I don't know what the sohod-book pub lishers would do without them.' In days of old, eo tbe chroniclers say, Msids helped their mothers in fe&oiieehold; way. Now times -Jura Jjbangpdj the jaaid Xm «uUuh And reads her took while mother cleans the dlehs. She— ?'That was Bach a fanny story you told me yesterday about a doc key, Mr. Gngee f '' He— 'Do you think so?' She-'* Yes, indeed .' After this, whenever I see a donkey it will lemind see of you 1' The town orier of Mallow took in charts a ost child, and proceeded to hunt up its \- arents. On being a&ktd; by a lady what wae -he matter, be replied— ' Here's an orphan ibild, naa'am, and I am trjing to fiad its' tsrents.' Friend— 'Your dog looks completely worn ci 1 5 has he been on a bunting expedition ?'' E ost— 'Ob, noi tie followed my wife oa a tl oppiug tonr to-day. He is a young dog, «nd c.nnot stand more tfaan 40 m 50 miles a day.' - Guarded. — 'And have you sufficient meansj young nan, to support my daughter in com fort!' spied eld Mr. Oapelconrt. 'Why, yes ; provided I'm not mined by the expenses 0! a loog eogagement !' replied the young man. Boiler onoe bullied and badgered Judge Sanger eut of all patience, until at last the judge taid—' What does the counsel think I am on ttie bench foil' Scratching his head, Butler replied — ' Well, I confess your honor has got we there.' An old and rather long-winded Scottish minister, on his way home from chnreh one Sunday morpiog, acpDated one of his peuiebioBere with^' Wtel, Donald, bow- do you like my sairtnonB?' 'In v*iiy small doeep,' rietnrned the truthf ol Donald, 'Lady De Primrose—' What do you think of the new duchess?' Mtb. Normandy— 'Oa, ~ ebe's a phonofirapb.' Lady de1 Primrose — 'I don't nritJerstBBd. What do you mean?' Mrs, t^orroiindy — ' Well, you see, she speaks wstbent thitikicg.' 'Where are you goiog. my pretty mwd?' 11 I'm going a-milkiBg, ew,' ehe said.' ' ttffly I go with you. my pretty maid?' *' Why. 'certainly, as far kb I'm conoei-hed : I don't see tee no use o' bavin' yon haogin' round, bat I gaefcB you'll be eompae'y for tbe calf, sir,' she caid; A lawyer, addreiuriogji jory^on a case proved by strong oiroumetantial evidence, repeated often that ninety- nine guilty; hen should esdxpe rather than one kmoeent man shoutd rtoSet,' Tbe judge in charping the jury told them the 'ninntv nine hiul Inner ainna ouuud ' A wealthy farmer intending to send his son to college, recently wrote a letter to the ' head master of Oxford Univereity,' in which he said—' Please say what your terms ate for a year, and will it cost auythicg extra if my son learns to write a good hand and spell proper, as well as to row a boat V An elderly gentlrman was travelling lately while afflicted with a very bad cough, which greatly annoyed bis fellow-travellers; at last one of them remarked in a tone of cXspteastKe, ''Sir, that is a very bad dough of yours.' 'Tree, sir,' replied the gentleman; 'but you willtexomeme— isVthe best I've got.' Alphoneo XIII. of Spain, not being skilled in the baudUcg of fwtk .and tpooo, ate bis chicken with his fiucer* the other day. His attendants remonstrated »ith his Majesty j and said. 'Rings do nut e»t with theu fiogora.' The little fellow gaieAty replied, 'Taiskiog doet !' and continued bia meal in the same fashion. Teacher to new pnpi! :— ' Wbat is your Ust name, my Httie maa ''' New pi pi- — ??Tommy.' Teacher— ' What i« yoar full namef New pupil — ' Tommy Jones,' T«ach€r-f-'Then 'Jones' is jour lirt name.*' Tamtry—' No it iec't. When I was born my Beice wa* ' Jones,' and they didn't give me toe other one for a month afterwards.' Whenever you pay money demand a receipt, Wturtfcer bnylDg your groceries, bread, Sinr, or n.eipt. Or aEjibipg else for your household to elpt, Or jout olotheB, or tbe boots that jou wear on your f elpt ;? For son.e evil tradesmen endeavor to chelpt Ej cbar^clDX thiiga twioe— a device very neipt, AUhcugh to ihe buyer by -no means a treipt ; Xbe adviot in my first line I therefore lepeit. An old country gentleman, returning home rather late, discovered under his kitoheu window a jokel with a lantern, who. when asked his basinets there, stated he had only ccme aoourting. 'Come 6- what?' sad the irate gentleman, ' A.- courting, sir, I'a-caart Mary.' ' It's a lie !' ezolaitted the old gentle man. 'What do you want a lantern fcr ': I never used one when I vr&e; a young man.' 'No, sir,' was the yokel's reply, 'I don't think yet did, judging by the xhueub.' 