Revenue and Federation. The loss of revenue that "will result from the abolition of inter cgl.onel Custom Hoj^es.fo :one of the principal difficulties raised, by. those who have had their misgivings respecting the federa tion of the Australian colonies! Indeed, when discussing the 'lion in the path,' which was the apt description of the tariff difficulty in the way of complete federation, even the warmest friends of the movement have been' in a sense appalled by the magnitude of the deficit in the Treasury which would accrue from the surrender of the .border Customs. A deficit which at the late federation Con ference Sir Samuel Griffith esti mated at an average of half a million a year for each of the colonies, Sit J. G. Jjee-Steere con sidered would amount to an aggre gate of two millions a year for the United Dominion, and other dele gates agreed in placing it at a very embarrassing figure. Coming on the authority of statesmen of such standing and accustomed to deal, with the arcana of colonial finance, such a representations of the im mediate: financial .results of union not unreasonably tend to enhance the general sense of the gravity of the position about to be created, and it will be gratifying to all the friends of union to learn that; a careful inquiry into the whole of, the case goes to show that the total . loss from the abolition of the vexa-' tious intercolonial tariffs must be a : much smaller amount than has i been anticipated. From an elaborate and luc|d statement furnished in a paper i ' contributed by Mr. P. H. Bruford , to the Melbourne Argus it isshowri ; ■ that tjhese . exaggerated estimates} have resulted apparently from 1 calculating the total amount of 1 -Customs duties received on goods of every kind passing from one colony to the other, without mak* ing any distinction between what'; were really foreign imports and what are the actual produce of the several colonies. In the case of foreign imports, it is obvious that the abolition of border dues per se can. ha*e no effect in lessening the; aggregate of Customs duties; and the only class of commercial inter change in which an alteration can be effected by the -abolition of intercolonial Customs tariff will be" in the transmission from one colony to another of what may be des cribed as ' home produce.' Viewed: in this light, which isevidently the correct light in which we consider this question, it is found that, instead of mounting up to millions , a year, the total deficit for all the | united states of Australia would | amount to the comparatively small , sum ~of ' $890,943. The duty | collected on colonial produce pass I ing^ from one colony to another during tlbb year 1889 was—in Queensland, £73,885; in New South Wales, £89,302 \ in Victoria, £150,2i2; in South ■ Australia,, £40,456; in Western Australia, £18;987 ? andinTasmariia,l£l8,101.! It mighjb^jf^jlessly raiang'the question^of ^tetajtionv.Freetrade fo say that thiswouMbeiio lblss at all, and tfoil; citizens, of oSie commonweal, can ; har&y;^fl^ fin. J u ; M pn^y 5reVenae"lo8fc,'; itisclear , ihat either by ssoufl'of' < excise in certain cases, or by avery slight addition to the duties, say, on spirits and tobacco, it Would be m mete bagatelle to the united states' of the Australian Dominion to make good the., deficit caused by the abolition?of these hostile tariffs; so that this1 lion in the path' is only formidable when looked at through the haze .of misapprehension. It isjbrue that this does not con stitute the whole-jof the objection that may raise itself against a common .custom house as an essen tial element in a perfect federation of the colonies, but. it,-does count for much tliat the first steps of: the new Dioirinion need not necessarily be . embarrassed by a huge hiatus in the income. For it is only in preliminary,adjustments that fric tions will arise,, and the non-exis tence of a necessity for new methods for .raising revenue to supplement a deficit will leave the public mind in a better state for mutually—^arranging difficulties., A glance at the amounts of border. duties collected on ' home produce': as above, shows that the loss will be to some extent uneqtMliy dis-. tribated among the several colonies r; and though> there is little doubt : that, after a few'years of union,: the lines of ;(5i)B^ng irit»i*este iviU' be entirely obliterated, ^ is pot ; unreasonable to expect that .in the earlier ^arrangements: it • will be - necessary to' have resp^t to the ; several local of the States in the distribution of .revenue. Pro bably claims will be preferred that account shoiuljd be had of the un equal loss entailed by the abolition1 of intercolonial duties; and, perr haps, that each State ahould have the revenue, orrja fixfed portiqn of the revenue, ci^^t^d wilfliin it for expenditure within its limits To meet the difficulty of duties being paid in i.onfe ! State and the: dutiable. iiiticles bfeing con sumed ;. in another, an ingenious method of adjustment is suggested tjy the writer of the paper referred toand it is. iixipossible that at first, to meet the* not. entirely defunct exactions of the spirit of localism, a board of distribution: might be a necessity,-which could Itake into account all the niceties of rival fights and'claims. But difficulties- of this class must dis appear with the inevitable growth of the national sentiment; and the time will sooner or latter, arrive when it will be competent, if not imperative, to have the distribution ,of: the ' revenue "apportioned for local purposes pn the simple basis (bf population. , The difficulties are all in the immediate -present,-. knd jmost of them are merely apprehen sions that will disappear of them selves. !Ehe ' lion in the path,' in 'the forth of trriff hostilities, has virtually left before the earnest and generous spirit of concession ifUat lias been shown by protec tionists alrict freetraders, alike; and ;if, as it now appears, the financial loss in the abolition of border duties will be immaterial, it furnishes but another illustration of how rapidly and . surely the ghosts and hob goblins conjured up by -imagina-; tions' are Vanishing before the I dawn of ti&t;&jQAl; Ufe. r-$. M. J&ewda.; 