TOMILY TROT AND MR VYALESY. THE OLD LADY ON THE SITUATION. (BY Tommy TROT.) "By the gods, You shall digest the venom of your spleen, Though it do splityou ; from this day forth I'll use you for my mirth, yea, for my laughter, When you are waspish.'. I had been enjoying a quiet pipe and " The Pleasures of Peace," when I heard the hall door violently banged and the clatter of an umbrella in the rack, by which signs I knew that the good old lady had returned homaute in a bad humour. A moment afterwards she flounced into the sitting-room, looking flustered and irri tated. " I hope," said I, in my most suave tones, laying down the pipe and the book, "that you have been edified by your visit to the Tabernacle." "Edified ! Lawks a mercy I ls there anything edifying, Mr Trot, in seeing an old gentleman as ought to know better ram pagin' around like a roaring lion, banging the Good Book with his fist like a stone mason, and a using of lang widge as no Christian man ought to use, let alone a saint ? Where's my Bible? Yes, here it is,' Be ye angry and sin not; let not the sun go down upon your wrath.' And here's another text from the blessed book-' Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good. Let all things be done decently and in order.' Mr Trot, never ask me to go and hear that man again. I declare I'm that shocked and scandaliged, that if it wasn't for my respect for iris cloth I'd have got right up in the church and given him a piece of my mind. You can do your own reportin' for the future, Mr Trot. It's the first time I ever did such a thing for you, and I wouldn't do it again to be made the Emperor of Chiny." " Oalm yourself, my dear Mrs B. Mr V. fancies he has been cruelly wronged, and being a man of strong feelings, may have used language in the heat of the moment, which, on reflection, he will regret." " Mr Trot, was Mr Varley everna fighting man P" "What an absurd question ! What could have put such a foolish idea into your head P" "Well, I thought when he put himself into a sparring attitude, talked about 'hitting below the belt,' and 'hitting straight from the shoulder,' and when he threatened to ' givq Tommy Trot what he never had before,' and said he ' was an awkward customer to deal with,' that may be he was what they call a reformed-drat it! what's the word P I remember seeing Bendigo and Weaver the Reformed Coal heaver when I was a young woman in England, and I thought may be-" "Fiddlesticks! No, Mrs B:, Mr V. has never fought with anything but spiritual weapons, and though he may often seek to Prove his doctrines orthodox By apostollo blows and knooks. I must admit, to give him his due, that he is a brave fighter in the cause of Christianity. When 1 have had the pleasure of listening to his discourse, I thought his lips dropped honied words His eyes suffused a venerable grace, And charity itself was in his face. "Rubbish! If you had been there to night you'd have come away with a dif ferent feeling, Mr Trot. Just listen to this; I wrote the words down. He says you are ' currylous and libellious,' 'a sca venger's receptacle,' an ' eel,' a ' poisonous whipanake,' and the ' son of the devil.' " " H? moans the printer's devil, Mrs B. I must own I am a good deal subject to the vagaries of that particular demon. Shakspeare says :-' The devil hath power to assume a pleasing shape,' and the printer's devil is often a nice civil spoken sort of person." "I don't care a pin for what Mr Shake peare says. What Mr V. said was that you are ' a son of the Evil One.'" "Then Mrs B. I will answer that with another quotation from the great English poet : We are oft to blame in this; 'Tis ton much proved, that with Devoti .'s visage, and pious notion We do sugar o'er the devil himself. "Drat the poet. There wasn't any poetry in Mr V.'s remarks. He called you ' a contemptible coward,' ' a man of exceed ingly corrupt nature,' 'that villainous man,' and 'that gentleman.' I've got it all down herein black and white." " Well, if he said that, 'the words of his mouth were sweeter than butter, but war was in his heart? " "Then he said you were 'a sweet child that deserved bitching,' 'a miscreant,' a 'disgrace to journalism,' 'amoral leper,' and-" "Stop I stop ! That's enough I Mr V. must have lost his usual sweet temper, and you know that ' very good orators when they are out they will spit,' and 'he that hath knowledge spareth his words.' The common failing of men who lose their tempers is ' to think too little, and to talk too much.'" "But I'm not half through my story yet. He pitied your wife I" " Well, that must be one of his little jokes, Mrs B." "There's no knowing you men, Mr Trot. But listen to this, he compared you to Ananias and Sapphira, Haman, and the Amalekites who were slain with the jaw bone of an aess." "I'm afraid Mrs B. that there's some danger of my being annihilated with the same weapon, but proceed. Did he say any more sweet things ?" • Yes, he said you are the son of the father of liars." "Well, there was a better man than Mr V. who confessed 'I said in my heart, all men are liars.' But go on." " Then he said you were 'as fit to take the measure of a man of God, like himself, as a cow is to handle a musket.' " "Elegant simile I I think his logic was just a bit out there, Mlrs B. Be forgot the sage advice of good old John Seldon in his ' Table Talk.' I will read it to you : ' Nothing is text but what is spoken of in the Bible and meant there for person and place; the rest is application, which a dis creet man may do well; but 'tie his Scripture, not the Holy Ghost's. First in your sermons, use your logic, and then your rhetoric; rhetoric without logic is like a tree with leaves and blossoms, butno rCot.'" "Oh, stop readiEg from books. Let me finish my say. You rare 'deformed morally.' Your 'intellectual conceptions are a crude mass, without order or symmetry.'" "In other words, Mrs B., I am a fool, and Mr V. is-well I can't exactly hit on the word, but here is another quotation from rare old Chaucer which describes him: Though lofty in himself, and virtuous, He still to sinful men was mild and piteous, Not of reproach imperious or nalign bot in his teonabing soothing and benign. "Mr. Trot, I do believe you're a going off your head with book larning. You know well enough he isn't anything of the sort, but full of envy, hatred, and all--" " Hush I We must not use such harsh terms of 'a man of God,' 'an honorable and devoted man,' as he says he is himself, and of course he knows best." " Mr Trot, you know you are making fun of me What do you think of him com paring himself to James and Peter and Paul P" "Well, Mrs B, I will answer that question with another quotation, and you can judge for yourself, having regard to his language, how far he comes up to the model, Ah, here it le:- Would I deooribe a preacher sauch as Paul, W, re he on earth, would hear, appprove and own, Paul ohould himself dircst me. I would trace Hi, master strokes, and draw from his design. I wo,,uld espress him simple, grave, sincere; In doctrine unsorrupt; in slangoag plain, \- tl plain in manner; de'ont, solemn, rhaste, And natural in gesture: muooh impressed Pimself, as consalous of his awifulcharge, And anxious mainly that the flook he feeds May feel it too; affectionate In look, And tender in address, as well becomes A messenger of grace to guilty men. " Do you call a man 'tender in address' and all the rest of it, Mr Trot, when he calls you a snake, miscreant, liar, coward, leper, devil, and -" "' Out of the fulness of the heart the mouth speaketh.' lrseB.Don'tyouremember .isop's fable of the fly on the axle-tree. The fly imagined he was pulling the coach along, and buzzed out 'What a dust I'm raisingl' Do you thinlk, Mrs B. that Tommy Trot is to be dis turbed by the buzzing of a fly t Listen to Burke: 'Because half-a-dozen grass hoppers under a fern make the field ring with their importunate chink, whilst thousands of great cattle, reposed beneath the British oak, chew the cud and are silent, pray do not imagine that those who make the noise are the only inhabitants of the field-that of course they are many in number-or that after all they are other than the little, shrivelled, meagre, hopping, though loud and troublesome insects of the hour.' 'The bearing of this observation lays in the application of it.' And now, Mrs B., after all this edifying, for it is an edifying discourse, I think I'll take another pipe, and resume my read ing of "The Pleasures of Peace." " After the good old lady had retired to rest, I sat long meditating on the above conversation. The tranquilising influence of my pipe and the calm philosophy of "the Pleasures of Peace" produced a sooth ing effect upon my soul, and I felt at peace with all the world and Varley. Upon reflection, I decided to give your readers all I could jot down of the conversation, in the hope that it may prove instructive. Mrs B is a little choleric at times, but her heart is in the right place. 