mmtmieated. doctrinal inconsistency of protestantism:' [By the Bev. M. Houbioan, C.C.,. Mount Gambier.] In a previous article we pointed , out the impossibility of Protestantismuniting in faith which constitutes the basis of 'divine union. We maintained that the <rule of faith, appointed by God to attain unity among Christians muBt necessarily be known by all before union can be acquired. Protestants, as well as Catholics, believe that God established some medium of divine truth to which all are obliged to assent. In other words, God's providence appointed- some judge whom all are obliged to obey in faith and morals. Protestants are agreed with Catholics so far ; but when we -investigate who this judge is, then Protestants join issue with us. Catholics believe Christ established one Church, Catholic and universal, to teach all mankind and end all controversy. Protestants maintain the Bihle. is the .one andonly. judge .appointed by God to teach all mankind, and there lore, assuming the correctness of this statement, to end all controversy and secure that union mentioned in the Scripture, " One Lord, one faith, one baptism," etc. When we ask Protestants a few perti nent questions, as for instance—Why iB it the uuipn mentioned in Scripture, for which Christ prayed, is not, as a matter of fact, securedby them in read ing and interpreting the< Bible ? They reply by telling us "it is owing to the , absence^ in each interpreter of those dispositions" required by God as a necessary condition to qualify the readers to deduce the meaning intended by the Holy Ghost. And when we still further urge the objection, and point out the strangeness of the absence of those dis positions from their recognised leaders, judging by their disagreement in inter? preting Scripture, even in the moBt vital .doctrines, they reply : True, we do not agree as you Catholics do, that is to say, we are not so united in all religious dogmas ; but is it not, they urge, quite sufficient for us to be united in all doctrines, the belief of which is essential to salvation. Well, that is a statement, we reply, which requires corroboration. We cannot take the ipse dixit of Protes tants when they assert there is a dis tinction to be made between what is essential and non-essential as regards unity in our profession of Christianity. True, Catholic theology teaches there are come divine truths the explicit knowledge of which is necessary, without exception, to justification ; but at the same time we are bound to be united in our profession of all divine truth, for faith requires the firm and unwavering assent of the will to everything revealed by God and pro pounded by the Catholic Church. But it is another thing when Protestants tell us Scripture draws a marked distinction between truths essential and non- essential as regards unity of faith, and stoutly maintain there must be unity in their profession of essential, and there may or may not be union in what they un meaningly classify as non-essential divine truths. When we ask them for texts of Scripture to confirm this unscriptural doctrine, they devise several arbitrary rnleB to direct them, and th6y do not S've even one solitary proof from the ible to confirm this curiouB theory. The argument we have been considering will'be considerably altered when we tell them we require a.proof for the premise. which they take for granted, and iipon which they have been confidently, though illogically, raising ah argumentative superstructure. What, we say to Pro . testants, becomes of the argument when wp deny that Scripture, even according to your theory and .practice, contains all things necessary to be believed. Just as reasonably may we argue when we profess the infallibility of the Pope " because the Church teaohes iV' and assign the teaching . of the Church, which Protestants refuse to hear, as an argument to convince them of the infallible truth of our profession, as to expect us to believe that the Bible j draws a very marked distinction as regards unity of faith between dogmas, the belief of which is essential and non essential to salvation, and not to assign clear and derisive texts of Scripture to confirm the truth of tins' unmeaning proposition. The onus probandi devolves j upon Protestants! and until they prove! from tine Bible the existence of such a distinction we are at liberty to deny it. Looting at the eubject'from the stand point of reason, and setting aside the; silence of Scripture as regards truths that are essential and ansnot, it: is unreason able and absurd to say "we must be united in our ^ profession of certain doctrinal contained in the Bible because they are essential, and we are at liberty - to be disunited"! ;opr .profession qf others " because we.cannot agree. They are essentially neoessary to salvation, the^tthrir that,^iriJudtig to this theotyC thrie tin repealed truths; oonteijied In the BSWeLlsfcitii It totters little whether In the belief Uif them Pro testants ace united or not, since God has given them that ^extraordinary, discre tionaty po wer which was unkittowAto the whole world until the coming of Martin Luther and Co., of determining what iB essential and therefore to be believed by all unitedly* and what i is superfluous' as regards unity of faith, in the pages of the Bible,' iamd theretbrel to be Rejected or retained, as a pious Biblical relic, just as it suits the fancy of- each Bible reader. If this is not exalting the judgment of Protectant Scripture readers, and actually making God's infallible word subservient to it* I know not what is. We have the same authority for believing each and every text of Scripture, and we are not anywhere told in its sacred pageB that we must be united in our belief of certain doctrines because they are essential, and we may or may not be united in others because private judgment considers them to be non-essential to salvation, We nnist believe all God has revealed with that infallible assent of the will which Constitutes the essence of divine faith; for anything revealed by God and propounded to us as His doctrine is of the utmost importance, and He does not leave us the option of selecting that dogma which pleases and rejecting that which displeases us. The very essence of Protestantism con sists in the belief that Scripture oontains all things necessary to salvation, and Catholics can very easily understand why this doctrine constitutes the sum and substance of Protestantism. When Luther separated from the Catholic Church, his secession logically obliged him to reject her teaching authority, and since he and his followers were obliged to appeal to some divine standard of faith external to themselves, they taught that the Bible alone contains everything necessary to salvation, and that each and every person was at liberty to ransack its sacred pages and interpret for himself. " That the Bible contains the whole of God's revelation " was then, and is now, with some few exceptions, the remote and complete rule of Protestant faith, and the private judgment of every individual endeavoring to ascertain what God teaches in its pages is the proximate rule of their belief. On the other hand, the Catholic Church teaches that the Bible is a rule of faith, although an incomplete one, and that it will ever remain incomplete as long as the doctrine handed down from | Christ and His apostles, which we call tradition or the unwritten word, be dis carded from the deposit of faith. The . Catholic doctrine, aB regards our rule of faith, is briefly this:—The Scripture and tradition of Christ and His Apostles are, the remote and complete rule of Catholic j faith, and the Church interpreting both and assigning to the written and unwritten word the. meaning intended by the Holy Ghost is the proximate rule of Catholic belief. . My object is not to demonstrate in this article that our rule of faith is consistent and can be sustained by arguments from the Scripture. My object is to prove the inconsistency of ProteBtantB in strongly upholding the all-sufficiency of the Bible as a rule of faith, and discarding that theory in practice. Either the Bible was given by God as a complete and remote rule of faith, or if not complete as a rule of faith, something else in addition to it is required for its completeness. If the former assertion be correot, Protestantism is consistent in theory ; if the latter is .true, Protestantism is inconsistent and illogical." If we can prove from Protestant practice that they firmly believe doctrines not contained ip the Bible, they contradict i by their practice what they believe in theory. Let us take, for instance, the Sunday observance. If any doctrine be observed, with scrupulous exactness by some Protestants, even to the prohibition, under, «U. kinds of divine gensure, of reading a newspaper, unless it be the War Cry, or playing a tune on a violin, unless it be played .to the refrain of a Salvation Army song—it is certainly the dootrine of sanctifying the Sunday and refraining from servile work. There is: not one text of Scripture from Genesis to the Apocalypse inculcating the Sunday observance. So that it is impossible for Protestants, relying on the' Bible alone, to prove from its pages that God com- < mands the first and not the seventh day of < the week to be kept holy. It is superfluous j to cite the many texts by which. God commands rest from all work on Saturday, which was the seventh day, " the day on which, our Lord rested." It is related in j Genesis that God blessed the seventh day and Banctifled it, because on that day He: had rested from all work. Who, therefore, authorised Protestants to transfer the sanctification of the seventh to the first j day of the week? If Protestants1 haye no clear texts of Scripture to sustain them in observing the Sunday and keeping it holy, and if they maintain, as they assuredly do, that the Sunday observance is intimately connected with our salvation, it follows |hey believe a divine truth,, of paramount importance, which is uotoontaiqed in the Bible. Believing this doctrine on some testimony ez^triusictpand independent^ the Scripture, they' must consequently tadmit that the Bible does not contain all things necessary to. salvation, and there fore dees not. constitute for them or any- j one else the oomplete wule of divine $aifb.: If they contend the 'Sunday 1 was sanctified by our Lord's resurrection, and the old Sabbath observance thenoe abolished—and for this theory there is no clear text of Scripture—we answer by pointing out the congruousness of trans ferring the Sabbath to Thursday, because of our Lord's ascension into heaven on that day. What text of Scripture tells us that any particular sanctification was given to the Sunday in honor of our Saviour's resurrection, which was not given to Thursday in honor of His ascension. But Protestants object and say—" Thereare not such clear and evident . texts of Scripture in the New as there are ' in the Old Testament to prove that the Satnrday and not Sunday is to be sanctified," and therefore they say we cannot accuse them of inconsistency until we show their inconsistency from the New Testament. It is not at ail necessary to do any such thing. All our argument requires, if it needs so much, is simply to show as plain and evident texts from the New Testament to prove that the seventh and not the first day of the,week is to be sanctified, as Protestants can Show from the same Bource to prove they are not inconsistent when relying on the Bible alone to sustain their observance of the Sunday. There are stronger texts in the New Testament to confirm the old Sabbath observance than there are to sanction the observance of the Sunday. Protestants preach in their churches every Sunday, and do they take Scripture for their guide in this matter. If they do, they act in opposition to St. Paul's example, who preached on Saturday, and we do not read that he preached every Sunday, but here is a clear text for his preaching every Saturday—" For he disputed in the Synagogue every Sabbath, and he exhorted the JewBandthe Greeks" (Ads 18). Again we read in the tenth chapter of St. Matthew, that one came to our Saviour, saying—" What good Bhall I do that I may have life everlasting ? " and our Saviour answered—11 If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments." One of the commandments obliges us to keep holy the Sabbath or seventh day, and therefore we conclude, from the Gospel of St. Matthew, that the observance of the Jewish Sabbath iB neceBsary to attain eternal life. This is what Scripture obliges us to to, and Protestants cannot1 find as strong an argument to sanction the contrary practice as the one we have given from the Gospel of St. Matthew. On what grounds, therefore, setting aside for the present the tradition of the Catholic Church, do Protestants observe the first day of the week if they take the Bible alone for their remote and complete rule of faith ? It is manifest to every unbiassed person that Protestants do not in practice take the Bible alone for their rule of faith, but require some other source to regulate their belief and practice. We are not going to inquire what this source is, but we are proving, according to their own profession, that there are doctrines believed by them to be neccesBary to salvation, and that these doctrines are not contained in the Bible. We can therefore conclude that either Protestants are inconsistent when they triumphantly say to Catholics—" We will believe nothing except what is contained in the Bible," and at the same time, unknown perhaps to a great many of themselves, profess certain doctrines which can nowhere be found in any one chapter or text of j Scripture—or the Bible does not contain, j all divine truth, and was therefore never given as a complete and full revelation of all we are obliged to believe and practice. According to the Protestant doctrine it is necessary to know the extent of the inspiration of Scripture ; for if it cannot be known that a certain book or number of books is authentic and inspired by God, such books cannot be safely accepted as a guide to direct our consciences in matters so inseparably connected with' salvation as the doctrine of Jesus Christ.: Protestants cannot prove from the Bible the authenticity or inspiration of any one book. But they believe that the whole of Scripture, or, more correotly, that portion of it which it suits them to retain, is inspired truth; and therefore they believe a doctrine of the highest importance, a doctrine on which Pro testantism of every shade of belief, from High Ohurchism to Salvation Armyism, rests, even though they cannot sustain their belief of this dogma from any text of Scripture. This is nothing more than a negative argument, Protestants may say, but it is strong enough for our purpose, as I shall show farther on, and besides, the burden of proof devolves on them, unless they wish us to prove ai negative. We have the authority of Hooker, one of the most learned Protestants whoever mote in defence of Protestantism, for the dear and explicit statement that 'the Bible does not decide what books are canonical and uneanonical Scripture. He writes :—" Of things necessary, the very chiefest is to know what books we are to esteem holy, which point is confessed impossible for the Scripture itself to teach." Luther rejected the Epistle of St. James, the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Apocalypse, and these very books so aeornfttliy rejected by him as uneanonical ate -held to be canonical by many Pro tostants .of the present day. Byon St. Jertone and St. Augustine, whom Pro testants acknowledge to hare been the greatest Biblical scholars who ever lived, disputed the canonicity of the books of the Maccabees, until the Catholic Church put an end to the discussion bj declaring the Canon of Scripture, and Bilencing for evermore all controversy on this point. Before the Church defined the Canon of Scripture St. Jerome did not hold aB in spired the books of the Maccabees, because the Church had not then decided the books that were God's true word and those that were not. Hence it was allowable then to doubt the authenticity of Buch books as were not sustained to be God's word by a tradition of the Church so evidently universal as was clearly sufficient to establish an infallible belief. But in the thirdCouncil of Carthage, in the year 397, the sufficiency of the tradition of the Church, regarding the inspiration of Scripture, was examined, and the Canon of Scripture clearly and unmistakeably defined. From that day until the Reformation the Canon of ' Scripture defined by the Church in the Council of Carthage was unanimously professed by all, until Dr. Martin Luther expunged from it those books and passages which he considered evidently antagonistic to his Protectant theories. If, then, St. Jerome and St. Augustine, freely acknow ledged by Protestant controversialists to have been the greatest Biblical/scholars who ever lived, could not find in the Scripture any texts to direct them as to the extent of inspiration, we can reasonably conclude from this fact and the other reasons we have given that the Bible does not decide one of the most important of truths—the inspiration of the Sacred Writings. And since Pro testants believe the Bible to be inspired, their belief of this divine truth and several others I could mention must be derived from a source independent of and extrinsic to the Scripture. Protestantism is therefore inconsistent and illogical. They believe truths as divine and esssential to salvation which are not contained in the Bible, and in the same breath tell us they will believe nothing except what the Scripture contains; and therefore there must be some other medium of imparting to all, Protestants as well as Catholics, a knowledge of those doctrines which we in common with them profess to be necessary to salvation, but which are not found in the pages of the Bible. 