. .Possibilities or tho Itolta Bell-ringers ought to ba; able to give n 'ohangq of- burnt 'every puformnnco. It is aurious to notice what n variety of ohanges . can bo rung on bells. Eight notes will givo 40,320 diffreut messages',' and ten notes W.Uob oOO, 1 he changes which may bn wrung on twclvo bells aro 470, 001, (100, whioh,. at tho rata of two strokes a second, will tako ninety-one years to ring. Another Authority ' says, npon tho oalculution of ringing 720 ohanges in an hour, it would take au inots- ant ringing of thirty-seven years to com- ; piste 470,000.000. Fourteen bells, at tbo rate first given, .wonld tuko 16,575 years to aooomphsn tho changes, and upon twenty- , four bells tho changes could not be rung in loos than 1 17,000 billions of years, and no concert company is likely to bold logctbor for a " season "of that length, . ' ' . Speaklag of the total depravity of human v naturo, have you ever noticed thAt nothing \- makes a doctor so happy as to discover somo ncwdlscoro? ' Small Boy: ".There's one thing in the Bible Bis Bays she'd liko to change, " . Minister'; " Impossible I What oan U bo. my young man f" Small Boy ; " Her age, sir." " Aro youjmra it was tho spirit of Llnd- \- Icy Murray who camo at the medium's calif" . ' . ' Ob, yes, ho said so himself. I said, I want tho spirit of Lindley Murray,' nud tbo ghost replied :' I'm him.' " An cleotriolsn hBB invented a wonderful \- watch that will tell a man when his nolo Is coming due. IUh watoh would bo a great : deal mora remarkable, as well as useful, if it would tell (ho tnxQ whero to gel tho money ' to pay tbonoto; Old gentleman (at ifla daughter's wed- . aiog) : ' My dear, I don't seo how I am to get along without you." . Brido : ."Never mind, pa. Hinco tbo cere mony was performed my husband bos bon- feared that ho hasn't enough saved to go to housekeeping, so you may not lose me after all.'.' Arohitcct (displaying the plana) : " Here is the front clovatlon, with tho outsido win dow and circular gallery; this ij tho caEfc . elevation, showing oriel tower," Teddy' (enormously interested la the new \- house): "And where are the two mortgagee pa said he was goiag to pat on," " Hotel Walter : " A man is raising a ills, tarbunoo because be oan't get hio usual seat i. at the table," . : . f- . Manager: "Go in and propitiate lite ia some way'.", Wilier (in dining-room) j "Here. you I If yon don't like tbo, way thine are rlnnn . . hete, get' out, or I'll propitiate yen piaty 