AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. An entertaining change of bill was presented at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday night, when Mr. Sheridan and his company appeared in the burlesque of "Black- eyed Susan," and kept the audience in Mars of laughter alter nated with, applause' throughout the perfor mance. Burlesque has of late years gone out of fashion, and in the revival - under notice it is materially.changed in character from bur lesque of the Robsonian days. "Black eyed Susan," as a play, was last pre sented in Adelaide by Mr. George Rignold, and has been a standard drama since the time of T. P. Cooke. It was a somewhat happy inspi ration to use it for the purpose of a burlesque, because the love of "William for his Susan and the troubles they had to undergo in: their courtship before William is put on his trial for striking his superior officer.forms something of a plot or a motif for the introduction of various characters in the piece bearing more or less resemblance to the characters in the original. There is no attempt, however, to make the story of Black-eyed Susan a serious one. From the rising of the curtain to the end of the piece all .is fun, life,, and drollery, songs, dances,. and humorous sayings and doings being introduced without regard to the feelings of William, or even of the Black eyed Susan herself. Of course Mr. Sheridan is the central male character, described variously as Crossbush, a smuggler, and Crosstree, captain of the Calliope, and there are other crosses in his various disguises. His makeup is very droll in each act, and he gags and localises the text at bis own sweet will, but invariably raises a laugh. His topical duet with the widow and medley duet with -Susan were heartily received, and when presiding as judge over the court he was equally successful in arousing the risibilities of; the audience. Miss Gracie Whiteford makes a charming heroine, and of course is fair and blue eyed, as a contrast to the Susan of: the drama.! Shelis full of vivacity, sings with taste, is sparkling and gay in her action, and dances moso deftly. She greatly aided in making the piece a success, and well deserved the applause and floral favors that were bestowed upon her. The other members of the company contributed their quota to the evening^ amusement with song and dance and athletic ' exercises, and the snow ballet was a specially pleasing feature. The piece is well mounted, and would have. drawn good houses had it been staged earlier in the season. "Black eyed Susan" will be presented for the last time this evening, which brings the Sheridan season.to a close. To- morrow Mr. Boothby's play, "The Jonquille," will be staged for the first time in Australia. '. THE JONQOILLE." The production of Mr. Guy Boothby's drama takes place at the Theatre Royal to morrow evening. Monetarily it promises to be a success, as the whole of the dress circle has been allotted for Saturday evening, and the booking for Friday night IOOKS ex ceedingly well. As far as the represen tation of the play is concerned, we are | assured' that the ladies and gentlemen of the company are well up in their parts, and a smooth performance is anticipated. "The Jonquille" is of the intense romantic descrip tion, and includes some very fine acting scenes. Some excellent photographs of the principal characters. _in the piece have been taken, and are now being exhibited in Messrs. Woodman's show window. SATURDAY POPULAR CONCERT. The tenth of this season's series of Saturday [ night popular concerts at the Town Hall is ! announced for Saturday evening next. The | manager has secured for this concert two well j known and popular artistes from Melbourne, I viz., Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Armes Beaumont, | whose names are almost household words in Australia. In addition to these vocalists Mr. T. H. Jones, Mus. Bac., is announced to appear as solo organist, and the remaining vocal numbers will be contributed by Messrs. Beaumont Read and H. R. Holder. ; This combination of talent should ensure a bumper house. . ? THE FASTING MAX. Felix Tanner entered on his sixteenth day on Wednesday night at 8 o'clock. Up to 8 o'clock in the morning of that day he had lo3t in weight 17f lbs. The attendance at his recep tion-i'ooms in Rundle-street has been very large. .SCIOFTJCON ENTERTAINMENT. A sciopticon entertainment in connection with the Independent' Order of Rechabites was {riven in the Rechabite Hall, Grote-street, on Wednesday evening, by Mr. E. E. Alcock, district secretary. There was a "fair atten dance, and Mr. P. T. Hill, DIC.R., I.O. Rechabites, occupied the chair. The first part of the programme consisted of beautiful photo graphic lime-light views, illustrative of Diokens's well known Christmas carol, " Morley's ghost," and the various places to where Scrooge was led by the spirits were shown, Mr. A. E. Cleveland giving the con nective readings. A couple of recitations, which were pictorially illustrated, were de livered by Miss Cutts, Mr. S. Jackson, and Miss McGregor. Some views of statuaries and humorous sketches brought the proceedings to a dose. The views were brilliantly illuminated by means of the oxy-ether limelight. 