:OONVICT DAYS VAN DIEMIAN'S LAND. TIIE CHRItONICLES. /:: i ! " tai., RnIaTs Rris RV.ED No. G. *-· TOO IIClOT OF DOADPIAN ' I0r1e. It has been said that British history is enshrined in Westminseter Abbey and Saint Pauls. The great men, whoealeep beneath their mablte tablets In these venerable etruetures, are intellectual stepping stones, which lead the student along the road of knowledge. A burial ground, under any oireumeteancee -whether in the twilig'ot gloom of Gothib architecture, or under the tropical sun in il. mlmijaDlo deserts-must always possess a history more or less important, What strange and pathetically truostories could be written of almost any cemetery, but there are some that stand out, Mont Bllano.like, above the common-plaeoo God's Acres ioiheo interest which attaches to them. One of such is DMadman's Islo-the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. Tho small isle is appropriately nansed, and the beauty of the spot could not be esurpassed anywhere in the world. It floats like an oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance from the shore. All around the giant olifft seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently storm-tossed Seuthern Ocean, Standing on the beach of Port Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him, the Sthe rugged aspect of both nature and humanity at his back, Since 1831 Deadman' Isle hals been the prison burial place, and many strange chapters could be written, regarding those who havj there found their last resting. place on earth. The grave has closed over many a human tiger, and instances are not wanting where innocent men have met a felon's ignominious end, and been laid on the islet. It is a convict Weotminelcr Abbey, and though one has to read a life's history by a number, and not by a name, the prison re cords are ample to do ro. During the latter halt of 1831, this island cemetery, then boasting of very few mounds indeed, was the scene of a weird event, and one which for six months fairly puzzled the convict authorities at IHobart Town and Port Arthur. Under the title of the Ghest of Deadman'e Isle, this extraordinary ehronulen will be told. On the 13h of March, 1810, at the L?od's assizes, a man, who gave his name as Robert Penfold, and his ago as thirty.five, was charged with inoiting a mutiny on the high seas. He had been an able seaman, and possessed great influence over his ship. mates. The ves:el ha was on board was ostensibly a small merchantman, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling spirits, tobacco and various other articles from France and Holland to England. The captain was a bounceable ruflian, and though he was rmassing a fortune by his illicit proe. tiors, the seamen, who ran most risk, got little for their trouble. Penfold was particularly obnoxioue to the skipper, but as he was able to read and write (qualiflcations not to be despired in the be. ginning of the century), and was also a good seaman, Captain Trcmayne used him in his various transaenctions, and concealed his dislike. The men were no lovers of the capltain, and at last they decided to put him ashore on a return voyage and run away with the lugger. Ponfold to be leader. Treachery discovered the plot toTremayne, and he speedily denounced Penfold to the authorities. By a judicious system of pro sents to influential perplo around Hlull, the captain had for years secceeded in quietly carrying on his smuggling operations, and this influence stood him isn good need when the trial of Penfold came efi. The wily skipper had got most of the crew on his side, by insisting that tenfold alone was re. sponeiblo for the intended mutiny, and three of them gave evidence against him. Tihe result of the trial was that tile sailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Dieman's Lind "for the term of his natural life." In the beginning of 1811 he reached Itiodon (lIobart Town afterwarde), and started his hopeless servitude. For a weary eighteen years he worked in misery at the convict settlement, but on the morning of the 2oad of April, 1820, lIe was found to be missing. No one had tilhe slightest idea of how he escaped, but treachery woe suspected, as, without help from an olliolal, it was impossible that tile " lifer" could have got away in so mysterious a manner. The gaol employees were most carefully examined, but no blame could be brought home to them. The usual routine of thepenal station had been slightly disturbed a week previoualy, by the arrival of a convict chip with a large number of traneporcc, and this faet must have aided Penfold in Its escape. Tile usual perfunotory search was made for him, but without success, and as time rolled on and he did not return to Ilobart Town, it was generally concluded that he had perished in the inhospitable forests, in which he would seek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persons thought that Penfold might have escaped bysea in a friendly whaler, but, dead or alive, he was not again reen at Hobart Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon took his number, The growing population of free people in llobart Town suggesated the necessiety of roe moving the convict prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly after the escape of Penfold, took steps to do so, selecting Tasman's Psninsul. as the most suitable place to erect the new gaol of Port Arthur. The construe liou of such a n extensive prison oeoupl?ld a considerable time, but at the end of 1833 it was ready for ocoupation, and henceforward was the groat convict centreoof \'an lioman's LJnd. Tile mortality amongst the prisoners fromo on- dinary ctrknea was very Iigl, nld with the executions and tile ordinary death rate of the guardsl, the cemetery of Deadmev a Isle was speedily put into use. The islet hIad been frrquently visited by earieooists Irotem Ilohart "own and others, so tlhant thle prison authoritios regarded it as a matter of courco thato it otaould not aUlllper as an uninlhabited ielolnd. AlootuOt daily the prison otl lialUo vioitd teh place, .ond thle ostLbliohomoot ol the gaeol on thle pleninosula hd the tlIhtl of britntint a greatly ioareced paeonvtyer trollio to Port Arlthur. A daily oorviec Itctwe n,0 it 0nd lHobast Town was iotlitutetLv, but now thoot the lovely islet had betn tot t part for burinl lpllorloses few Iersotsotl la 0000d o it0 , le ?h lltey Lhad bllsineec Ot iterlorrh. C(omottoieto are not the most eotctiLful phloet, and wtoot one gels the reloutation oft beitg haIootot, when iIs lbroadly Plated that ono or toreofot thie dlefunct resldento ion toi Hiletl City have takebl a notion to " walk," it to utll moore avoided, During th enlonthl l of "Ilptloemtber, 1:?:1l, tch an awfvunloe rolUalutllon Wn w eol'illlillt Lto Ittt. talol Itsell 00 I)oadaun'a 1le0. It I whin. pered arolUnld that t It;hlott Ithad hltte 1it,,o tlsre, and solper.Otitiollt Ieollll l llt thookt theiir lheads in a kllowllolg tllanllllo r, oll thty ntlojt w.as it any wolndr thit tlstucl a drtad epolut snould be hIanted. Aloeady tlirteen gravon wetn vn the Ilei, of wllo olve wore thoHvo o IIlt lurdlroer, who lood bulnll hunItodt for tlye:lr trmte, stod 0ne of tile reoullloi lln thri wt n (rho t o 10 tile blackest villan vwho Ihad evor blon Itornltd inl fhloe s0011o of tloo, lt 00a0 hlurltoe, mur. derer and tiotlollobol, toot hlo hood tocoonotlti the eallow by ldyiti by hi ow0000 i .t'lot .t 111110 t b" this suholiho (hl'tttltuehrtl) whlooto! UtooolH oho slltrt w ullsttluol tootltlt llllltlti y otto lho IIIII1'. Ioary lstland, uo thloooohtt Iotnlty ol tIlo:to wvio bellvod it the tosIlloernal otrnel, T1100?hterl rlmott 0 otit hoo it, abode onl the iotl, ws starteod by an q010e1r aeirlnl,. ltosno thlat Illappelledl osn lhe avelllllt of tho h Ido01optemober, It lpears that olrporal Hleffernan; with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date for the purpose of dig ging a grave, as an execution was to take place next morning. It was a mere whim of the party to dig the grave at night. It was a bright moonlight ovening, and thooorporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do the work under the beams of the moon than to wait for the rising sun, and he obtained permission to carry out his wish. The spat where they had to dig the tomb of a then living man was on the south.cast aide of the isle, and olo'e to the beach. This was the most exposed part, nod the unoeasing nation of the ocean had worn the cliffs intq strange and fantastio shapes. The tour men began their work with many a cruel jest regarding it, and the ultimate fate of the death.doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Ileffernan, who was standing with a shovelin his hand, pnddonly uttered a stilled exclamation of terrified sur Frise,as he pointed, with outstretched arms, in the direction of the rook olosv to them. His compaoions' gaze followed the deco. tion he pointed, and there in front of them, standing apparently on the edge of tire Cliff, was the clearly outlined figuro of a man, but not such a man as any the corporal and his comrades know. HIe must surely belong to a prelhietorico day, To that time when the BIible says " there were giants in those days," for he appeared to them as the Brobdigong did to Outlliver. This must be a human monster they looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantic in proportion. lIfllcrnan was as brave as most men-indeed, braver than Smost, for he was considered the darodevil of his regiment-but this colossalapparition altogether unnerved him; For the life of him the could not take his eyes away from the i figure, but as he and the soldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainter, and at last it vanished completely. " Mercitul God," "said the corporal, as he ao +tonaLns.aý'. . Oýtcn tssom its flae," that was nothing mortal. I could see the stars Sslhining through its body." " So did I. tadn't we better get bacnk. ' I'm not fit to work to.night," answered a soldier. They were all of the same mind in that respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly sus ceptible to superstitious fear. Ilo willchatge a bhttery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Itetfernan and his comrades, with many a frightened glance backward, soon reached their boat, and were speedily at the gaol, where they told of their strange adven ture. Next morning they ncoompanied the superintendent to the spot where they had seen the apparition, but there was not the least sign to how that either a material or s an etheriol body had been there. In fact, if SHtffernan had observed what be stated, it must have been a phantom, for no human being could have stood in such a place, as it was simply a precipioce where too eliffs had been rent, or worn in twain. The soldiers were badly rallied by their comrades on their faculty of second eight, but all the jokes they listened to did not shake their belief that a ghost had shown it. self to them. Eight days afterwards their story received a strong corroboration, whtich caused the authorities to take steps to eluci date the mystery. On the 13;h of September, Lieutenant French, with two other sub-ollilere, went out ina boat from Port Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fine, and as they met with lunk, they did not take notice of the Ilight of time. It was after midnight as they rowed into Port Arthur, and as they floated under the shadow of Deadman's Isle they decided to "make a night of it," by continuing their pisecatory pursuit. They stopped almost tinder the shadow of the eouth.eastern eliffe, and continued their fieh. ing. Tile moon had only risen half.annhour perviously, but it was already throwing a soft light around. The night was unusually calm, and the sea seemed phospherised by the myriads'of fish which woere darting about. Lieutenant French was looking, in a sleepy way, at the shafts of greenish light that the motion of the flit produced, when, happening to aireo hli eyes to the tinted elilfe, he wan startled to see the gigantic figure that lhad so frightened Corporal Hef. fernan and his companions eight days before, It was undoubtedly the form of a man, but undeniably not material, for objects could be seen clearly thlrough it. The three otleere looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each saw it distlnotly, so that it could not be the result of disordered imagination. French, though awestruck, was not supor. tittioue, and, whispering to his companions, he soized ane oar, and pulled towards the cliff to obtain a better view. The figure roe nlained motionless as they approached, and the lieutenant was able to see that a long beard fell from its chin. Tio dress, as well as he could judge, was the same as that worn by the ordinary settlers, and the ghost did not appear-il those outward signs might be depended on-to be that of a conviot. In fact, the appearance-with long, ap. parently white, beard, and peculiar.looking clothing-might well have passed as a gigastio Druid priest; and the surrounding eaves and chasms and awe.striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place for exponents of that most Cruel and mysterious creed that was once the great national roell. glion of the Anlcient Britons; and the colossal figure would have been a splendid specimen of one of their highest high priests in his robes of office. As the offioers looked, with strained eyes, thephautom gradually receded, and vanloL.d as it inad previously done. "There is some mystery here," spoke Frenoh, in a low voice. "I don't believe in ghosts, yet that figure must be supernatural. I suppose we will be laughed at, tie same as Hellffernan and his follows have been, when we tell what we have seen, but the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report ol it to the superintendent as soon as we land." " What can it be 7" asked one of his com panione, with a elight shiver. " 'Ever inoce I came to this ouraed land I have been eteiog and hearing enough to mnako a man's blood run cold. Ite boad enough to lie attending hangingo and floggings nearly every day, but this Itllporntural mystery is worse than ten years oa that work." "1 think we ought to make for ithe settle. Inent," replihd the third oltieer. " It we stay lier', we iltay have a return ot our utnweloaot vitit nt." Tills was readily nrread to, anod witthin hoall'anhour they two re adntittoed to the outer prison.tard, whlere thoy eaw Cerororal liet. lernan ont duty. Tltoy acltitled lthat lersonegn OI thes ileoideut thlt load buhlolre twIon, trnd then the BoldlCr broko the prayU .ilenul wlth the Iol lotwine ttl'ot observe lion ; "(tenti ll.otn, it's a ghostl, nsure enooth,. It o ntoo oIt teyei tho re tin t no etth thinoS. I 'v o hlard thlo It hetooo croy to)otell, anld rny lithlotr (ledo root hiy soul) once rnw a ltotst In tte relu ror to tt lbelt .loi' it'll coot. tinue to w ntlb untitl it I ' lailo,' or tlntil the itLea t iitIIroouoenco is feUlld illt by a0t1to 00nit Ont." " Itelt," cohood I raooleh. '' low eant it be " 'It i only to holy tln thoIt oen dlo that otnott ," ten'wortd the eosrotoral, eunten titotuly. 'JThe tuobelility of iadling a "holy ssat " at l'orts Arttlur wosot to very rollotle, that lthe IhIitIIIt t e llt d hioo l o n oorteol , with a etIu htI miile ont their lipH at tihe Hohldior's credulity, C him fot ttirteal qturOtro, oeottig thli the shadt wotollti Itrobably etanhler for It long tmrlnofl tltll',rn'n's ptlltllnu wo S thaee Ionly one Cthat ',uoold qIttLen the plotusblo d pIrlit attd yCti the tyaltry woo to be sol\id liI a fuw days, " Laylng tlho Phantom" will to the tIlle of nret woolk'l iUlolviet Ulhreolllins, It wllloeon tlllho Lio strnletll mtystery Of the " Olotltt of lleadonlat's Isle,"' aud will give solme stratnle anld tallrltlltgl revelations of a unlhluo nlar0o. tor, 