WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE) THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILLS. "No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in the ministration of spirits." This ia not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes,_ Interest centres about the praotioal. Haunted houses are rented without groat difficulty, if the land lord ia willing to knock off a portion of the rent, Tliero are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we oame to do them. Wo are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that, which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what poople are looking after. They believe in what they see ; the "evidenoe of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man ia siok he wants to get well; he oarea little what medioal method ia employed if it oures. But if it doeB not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the phyBioian, and inquire into his methods of medioation. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E, W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st Ootober, 1890 "During the past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the Kidneys, and in latter years my oomplaint became more aoute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years 1 thus suffered, and 1 thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration iu my condition, The use of this medioine spoedily wrought a great ohange, aud four bottles effected a complete cure," Note what Mr. Honry Warwick, of Lonsdale Street, Mel bourne, eaya:-''30th Ootober, 1890-For some -years I have been suffering from frequent attaoks of gravel, often with un bearable pains in the baok and right eide, and my digestivo organs were also out of order. In addition I waB afflioted with con gestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner a safe cure, of whioh I took four bottles, whon the aoute pains in tho right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 