THE PR^MIBH AT. THE TOWN HALL. An immense dwlfenw- assembled at the Town Hall go \Ve<lne*lay cYening to hear an address by the Premier. Tlie jMayor of Denjljguin (Mr M, Maekeiistte), oecdpfed the chalc, and_,tbe.p1atfomn was grated by the attendance of a large number of lacik». i 'I he Mayor saM he Mt honoured In haying_tp. present. Sir Henry Parkes 10 the meeting. He Wont I deliver an address on* tlw great poll leal qs -S'lc»iB of -- the-<lay; - He -Uid.-np- ask for; raqrp than affair bearing for him, betAsse he lenfew that. tach w mid be accorded by he people of Deniliqdln o he Premier of New Sou h \Yales._ Sir Henry Pnrkes, on rising, was received With, much cheering. He said :—Mr Mayor aitl gen'les . ue i. All I require is a quiet and nnin'errupted h' :trlng. 1 do noM»me here in any way to dictate to - be electors of the Murray, still less do I desire to exercise any improper influence I come here to d^eus* a number of questions in which you arc all iut rt-sterf, the firs, of which is that of federation. 1 «ha)l first have to exp aiu the nature of ihe covenant under which we live (A voice : " If you caut"):;My good friend-in the front will kindly b.vc some consideration. We live under very dissimilar governments, and in all which regulates tin Routine. For instanc-, in the Uni'.ed States then; is only a modified form of responsible eovernsoent j in f act there is hardly any. . The P'residen-, or 6hief Magistrate of that great republic is an absolute monarch from the fir-t day of his election to the last day of his rule. He has more power than any other monarch in Europe. It matters no- whe:hor we Jiaye an aristocratic form of govrnnnnt, or a democratic or a limited monarchy, there must lie a representative of executive authority. In America that, -pbwe« is almost absolutely in the hands of the President There is a Cabinet, but it rests with himself whether he. follows the. ad vice given by hat bodv or rejecs it. The very opposite to thai system exists hare. Here the Cabinet sits in conclave, and there it may do as it pleases. With us the Cabinet only continues in existeaee «o long as its memberSjhave a majority in Parliament. In thi? th^ie is the striking difference between, the twd'fonng of government. :'T:ie constitution-of the United 4£au».ei»bles the. President to grasp abso- . lute power for a certain fixed period, but h-re it Is only held so long as it commands the snpport of 'he majority of the representatives of the people in Parliament' The worst •'form of -the last named was the .necessity to have a, substantial majority befote business" of national importance.could be tran'acted. I have in my life seen governments carried o-i with the barest majorities, governments which Ji vej from. hand, to moiith anil which never had majority of- more than one or two. Yet they .clung tenainously to . their places until.they werejgnomiiiiously thrust out by a disgusted house. They coal-1 never do any good either for themselves or thi c>un ry. You may recollect one of the gqyqrnineuts-ib which I allude. . ;Wi,th jtatnajorij of such'a precarioDB character it could do nothing, ami if the people of this colony desired the Government to drift into a similar posi ion they could return .partiescorrespondingly-equal -in• numbers: If tlisy wish o be well governed they must.giro- a substan ial majority to either one side or the other, and if they desired to establish the principle! whteir I maintain .and Tjrljich I believe.are best in the in (treats >}f . -his great colony you will return the oresen- Government with, a decisive, majority as no —•••<•-.»• — — ' i- now come to the present position of the great party to wmcn b-.l<i!ig, that is the great freetrade party. -It-has do:f its phare of^work^and-.^ieaily. every. -great a:ii -iV£inent in ,thi^ 'calony fptm :Dr,' Lang-to ihe pra-tent ime is credited to that party. There are »!*TP^ihUc Hchools Aet^-the Land Bill. theiMunicip ilities Ai-tSj all stand as monuments of the success of-thai party. . By far the largest number of railways WM also cpBStracted by that party, and it is no*, thrrefore to be surprised that notwithstanding th i boasts of the other side, that parcy will be returned to :powei; at the presen'. election .with a de-iBive and overwhelming majority. (Cheers.) It wis already plain (that the great freetrade party wa< again in the ascendency. ' It wa? therefore Kit ler remarkable to fin4..thatall..heopnstituencics.. an I electorates down the Murray were trying to ! des roy this party. Albury, the flume, the Murray, Balranald and Wcntworth were all labouring_in the one direction. (Hear, hear) I am glad to hear that exejama ion.because I- am here to speak pl;ii:t truths to those whs hold opposite opinions. I sp:ak those truths in courteous language, and if ypu are not , afraid of hearing the tra.h you will listen to what I have t say without interruption. I do no' think that the people in these elec orates are against!" us, but I think they have allowed themselves to be too easily led by designing leaders. (Disselnt.) -How far your representatives are { against us I leave you to surmise, bu» I «an tell you , •hat notwithstanding their opposition all the good ; things which have been received from the hands of I the Government have been obtained fipm the freetrade party, now in power and to which I belong. The first Government to which I bolonged was from 1866 to 1868. I then joined :the late Sir Jam's Martin, and it: is to that Government to which you were indebted for the freetrade across the Murray which vas then decided upon. • That was the first service rendered by that party to these distric s. Then the first railway to Albury was opened^by,,the. .Government..of .which I was-a tnemjwr.. So .tyas .that, to Corowa started, and the numlier of bridges, public buildings, etc., made by the freetrade party is too numerous to mention. It j had assisted in establishing more pastoral and agriculi.tval. societies, and has erected more public : buildings than any other par y which was ever m 1 power in this colony, and it was strange that the I electors of the ;AIurrumbidgee, of the Hume, of , Albury and all down the Murray, all of which had i BO mucn benefi ed by the labours of that party, •bould be the very ones who were loudest m their dissent ftom ^ts principles, afld foremast in t'leir at cmytsTto deatroygt.; (Loud cheers.)' This canno arise from the fact that the people are, in favour-of any particular fiscal policy. They are all in favour of federation, at .least «hey say so— f (aproar)—and if that i is so it is quite inconsistent With the profession of a protectionist.- (Uproar.) The laryingsot fisqptl 4ntie3;has-n(tthirig vrhatsve* to do iri.h federation. r The'two combinedds impossible. When,federation js established there will be absolu>« freetrade between the colonies and j throughout Australia, and as to the question ef j fUeal protection against the ontside world it. will be taken from the provinces or statos and relegated to ttw more exalted authority of the federal pariiamen'. The protectionists, therefore, have no groun l.to fight upon. •; 'All that the people can do with-regard to fiscal taxation is in their capacity of ele ;>ors of the representative? who would seleet the members of the federal parliament, with whom would rest the ultimate power of working the customs duties and deciding what fiscal policy •hnuM be adopted. If anyone tells you that they are protectionists and federationisU as well, I tell you that the two are incompatible. What I. say is, and I will repeat it, that when the federal-govern* ment is elected, two things must take placer viz., there wiH be absolute freetrade throughout Australia, and there will be. a removal of the contentions about tlie tariff from the petty governments of the States..to the.government of the .federation. No one with consistence, with prosperity or with truth advora-es protection and federation in one and the aame brra'h. (Interruption, uproar, and dissent.) The position was inconsistent. - <A roice : *' So are yen," and ..laughter.) You are a very sweet crenture, but I can tell yoir that I am earnest 1n my convictions and my life has shown that I bare the interests of this great colony at heart: I wish you wou1(* be quiet, and I ask you to bear with me on leaning upon my stick Jbtcause I am partially incapacitated and am only recovering* from th« eff-cts of a broken leg. I now come tome resumption of my op'nien respecting onr present'form of government; There is a-fixed provisiok" for out civil .«eryice;and forcariying on the various departments of -the government, and it is a fixed principlo that such provision should be periodically made. (Interruption.) la the reign of Charles theTfrst that monarch parried uw: the -government, after having dismissed his parliament, by himself for 11 years. By forcing loans and by borrowing from fori-ign polenta es and other illegal means he manilgeii to carry on'for-a time, but the people became disgusted and parliament had to be again summoned.- together. The Ring' was 1 called to accouatraniLjou know how his career ended. "That was the start of the system under which annual provWon was made for the civil service and for carrying on the departments of the State. With respect to our own times I desire to state t'p-f** - 18 was-«amed-ou*when the tate^tWTlifnW'" met on the- lastsession. the Minist-" - ^vetB.m-Ae measures were ready and of tli«j?^_*iy'WM prepared to go on with the work elee><J«nntry at once., The people unquestionably ».'r«ed iheir representatives to do the very work fich was then presented for consideration and not ' quarrel and. wrangle over it as. they did, •T were they • to dispnte for ~ the sacred ivileges of office as they did. The primary oj c. was to pass, new laws, to amend *d ones, and to repealjwo&e; ones'. Parliament ha<l o WH -<:b over the righfsijfthepeople. f Interruption.) Fhe District Government Bill was amongst those preseniv.l. It is-not correbt that I have had that Bill b fore the country! for the past twelve years as has HJ.-Q stated. I introduced it about twelve year-; ago, but the then Government was defeated and the Bill was lost. The succceding Government did not attempt to go on with It,'hut theDStrtra Government; distinctly promised to pro eeen^rith the measure Instead of doing so-Mr- \- ftljt^ihirked his opp ; -unities (cheers and dissent). ' IlljJgyoti to Ten 'y *hat I say by perusing the par- IU%«titary records of ihe time. 'I was not to blam>; for 'ot introducing thalt Bill from 1883 to 1835 l' kno-.v it-jvas ardently wanted, and I.desired to pass it into law, but it is a very cumbersome measure. «x'«Bdins over, I think. 400 clauses, and it wouM taka a very long -session to go through it. Then there >u the amendment of the Electoral Law Erasure proposed ito subdivide tie colony int" ifagh elxtontm. TJt» .Bight honourable Mr Gladstone had done the .lame for England, and all the historic^ associations of the past were gone. If Albury returned-one member (Interruption, groans and boohoos, during which one excited individual jrat ejected from the room by the police, who also were groaned at for their action. The disturbance lasted some" minutes). ' I am extremely sorry to see anyone ejected on sueh an occasion, but you must admit that the man had a fair warning (disBent). I <lo not" object to fair interruptions, more especially wheii I know that in an electorate like this there must W.strong dHfcrengesof opinions, butas I Jiare Said laavetfro desire tio-provoke hostility.' Lspeak In plain terms and I ask you to give me a bearing. As I was saying before I was interrupted Albury has one member of Parliament, the Murray two. tmTsayTS'ast"Sydney four. Well I cannot see whthe elector of Bast Sydney should have four rotes foc.his ^foiir candidates,, jrhile the olqetor of the Murray j»h<iuld;have only two and Albury only one. Another proposal .in thft EUetoral Bill was to estab lish a system of self registration, so as to enable thr moving population, such as shearers, mariners, &c.;, to record -their votes,- in any part of the colony -in which .they migjit be.'- Anotner proposal was to abplisb'.plifral voting) > and. ts establish what has been called the principle of one man one vote. It is, 1 know, a JristiC«nd>adical amendment of the Blectoral Law, and I know also tnat it gives that greater power to the people for which they ask It" is afsb;propo^r;tp.'give>.the. women-the- electoral franchise. * (A voice : " Not if we know it" and laughter J. There is one poor woman In the world who tslb be-pitied. On the side of that principle I find such authorities as Lord Salisbury, Lord Bcaconsficlil, ajod the late Sir John McDonald, of Canada. 'I might go,'on quoting the names of distinguished statesmen who approved of the principle. Then ihere was reason in it. The women were one half of the human race. They have the same reason as men. and amongst them the higher logical" faculties '- wtre better developed than amongst their "husbands." They are amenable to the same laws as men. and yet they are not permitted the.right, .to. assist in making them. They have to obey those laws, and as a matter of policy he would rather trust to them than to a great many men with whom be.haibbeeii-acquainted (laughterand cheers). And oniony .flii®tk>ni, such as proyisipn -by law for the destitute 'and infirm, the question of tem- perancej and;,legislation for the care of deserted children,, their opinions >and their votes would. be purer, higher, nobler- and holier than were those of the men. So rfac as ..reason, authority .and. policywere concerned 'they were therefore just as much entitled to the extension of the franchise as were the men." Then with regard to the Labour Question. My Government proposed to establish-courts of conciliation, and I eensider that it is difficult to see how.these disputes cqnld be settled. There were many other.uimiportant -toeasores introduced,: and Parliament came to honestly, discharge its duties, but at this stage a motion of an absurd character was jntroduoad ifhich blpckbd all business, and your members votpd for it.. (Cheers and disturbanck). i'Yes^tyaur; members.voted for it. - (Mr Chanter here stood.upinan excited manner and yelled out " That's-untrue "IT) I have the division xr - - . , . u l«t in-my,pocket with Mr Chanter s name on it. _ Mr ChjLO.ter here wanted to know if he could hat 3 an opportunity of refuting what the Premier had •aid ^Im^tar^e-^eerin g). The Chairman said that the matter had bettstand oy«i wntiljfiir Hon" v" 11 !** amu 1 Sir Henry Parkes said :—The denial and wordy explanation are cofrsUtent r 'ffith Mr Chanter's usual action. The motion' war -that the House had no confidence iujthe,Government. , That motion was carried, .and" yre 'we're" now in the midst of a general . electiph. . In England the Opposition , never vot?!, against a Government holding -Views - in -which • the Opposition -was in favour. They WAitediuotil the end of ^he Parliament, and then endeavoured to beat them in a general election.-. ;lf, MT Dib.br. had done that I would have bad nothing to complain about, but he took quite- a' different; oourse^ in his hurry to get into power, and Mr Chanter voted against the Govelnment -ostonsihly-.-beciuae the Federation i pro pogals..were. opt submitted. :We did snbmit the £aderatioii Bill (Interruption and uproar). I admit _that..M,.8arboar aa(1 Mr Chanter voted with the Government, and^ against. Mr Beid's motion, but they were parties ,.to;theamendment (Interruption and dissent). That amendment was concocted by Mr Bjeid.and. the leaders of the.Opposition. - (-Mr Chanter excitecily" I denyit 1" and loud cheerines). • -If^the lateiBembers- ivere- unable to conduct themselves decently in-the Assembly. I am not in the least surprised -at their -inability- to do so here (.uproar). I i <oame - here i to - speak to reasonable people, but if peopleliave no reason I cannot speak iu to kllom them («proair). T .- » I will. still speak my mind.- par]jament was dissolved after the vote was taken on the no-confidence motion, and I regretted it, but I do not. complain. 1 waited to see the business done before the dissolution tdok-' place, and I. will give the reasons why the District Government Bill and the Electoral Bill- were frustrated by, tha Opposition. A;deaerter .from our. party (A voice : " That's not correct!")' There was a combin'ation as far as the particular >•'• votes were concerned, and the intentions of the Government were baffied by Mr Beid's absurd motion. After its defeat the Government foresaw t&at;*riiicjimsutnc"9 -would arise which would-necessitate "an appeal to -the coantrr, but they were inclined to do the work pre- Tjoasiyi BS none Df the other colbnlal parliaments were in session, and our: work would havo been ready for thenJ| ^ regards federation, before they commenced business. Every Government has the rjght of directing its own business, but no Government opnlll honourably submit to the dictation of the Opptwition. ' I came to the Murray to state the ,itpati.ontand I appeal to the record* of Parliament to justify what I have said. I do not care who is elected here, but I prefer a supporter of the cause of the- freetrade party -{dissent); . I have a-document here whichihas been circulated by Mr Chanter and Mr Barbodr. There are statements in it Which cftnnot be reconoiled-with federation (diss-.-nt and uproar). They said they wanted federation, but it was a sort of federation on their OWD lines, and it was not intelligible. (Mr Chanter: " Read the third clause.") I find that it is not the third-clause but-the fifth: clatue.'to. which Mr Chanter alludes, and. I- also, find that here, as in Parliament, Mr chanter is attempting to mislead [chesrs and laughter], • They gave no reasons for their views they might mean anything. The people of New So >tfi Wales would never get federation with the igg .tance of eentlemen who hold thene peculiar Tie s and of Iheir undecided character. Federation and protection could never exist together, and the one would have, to give way. [Mr BarJ>our: "The ofaute does not say,anything of the sort"; and a voice : Put it correctly."] I call that insolence. What have I done that this person should insult me by stating that I am not quoting correctly. The ground goes from under the feet of the protectionists directly federation is matured, and protection was a dead cry then as between one colony and another. It would.be. freetrade between, the colo nies, and we would hand the customs over to the more exalted care of the Federal Parliament. It is simply rnbbish for local legislators to say that they were in -favoar'either of freetrade or protection, because After, the establishment of federation they would have nothing at all to do with the fiscal policy of the colony. I want you to understand that distmatly. ^Sir. H«nry Parkes read a clause from the document circulated by Messrs Barbour and Chanter aboat federation, in which the words "just and equitable " were nsed). " Jnst and equitable-" in that case were shuffling words to use, and simply meant nothing but claptrap. (Uproar and confusion for some. minutes). I shall now leave the debatable ground and go to something on which no reasonable differences of opinion can arise. I want to make' every -youth and man - understand what the position ot the federal canse really is. This island of Australia consists of three millions )f square miles of land. New South Wales has only 310,000 square miles of that area. The coast line of Australia extends over 9000 miles, and of that New South Wales has only about 700 miles. That was only a small portion of the great whole, but Victoria had a smaller portion. Bach colony had a separate legislature, and the moment any one passed Cape Howe on the south and Cape Danger on the north they came within the jurisdiction of another colony. He was in effect a foreigner in a foreign country, but with federation he would be a citizen of the United Au9tral:as. All of them could understand the significance of that fac% but you can hardly realise how helpless the colonies are in j.'jj^divided condition There are so many questions whiclf' a ect them ® 38 a whole that it is impossible to leeislaV® n P° n them without federation. There is the defe^u/ stion for i J astance - , It is impossible that t h e ^ ^ P^ff rl y ^rolled except by a fedenS executive, and tbi^ is what the effecf par y to which I bslSE^ c . ? never be effected whii^the , co, ? n, . e8 , 8 . re lsol8 f ed : Then there is the necessity le^slatl ?E ag^nst the introduction of alieN^f 8 - there are from four hundred hundred millions of people. In o'her TK"*? ° £ " ihere are two hundred - millions, iK? a 6 , is within easy reach ot those »verN POP 111 "™ countries. Sooner or Inter we will have^P 1 ? 1 ™ n ourselves against their incursions. They it already and failed, because one colony ha<rv£™ e law and another a different one, the situation fun? • illustrating the absolute necessity for federation if Tor this purpose alone. Then there is the management of 'he islanls of tlie South Seas. New -South Wales, by -the JCfforts of her people, had made these islands what they arc. It had made them of commercial value, attractive to other governments,-and had-raised them from- the midnight obscurity in: which they had previously rested. The marriage laws should he more uniform, ihe rights of property required federal attention, and quite a hint of other enactmenis could be quoted which ^an^<mty,1>e finally and effectivelv I-alt with by -Syfeaeral parliament. I have no doubt in my mind about being.on the eve o.f the establishmentof.a federal parliament,.and.I believe that it will come intojexistenne not later than the year 1892 or perhaps 1893. The arsons who cavil about what has been done toward* thi» end may 1 c '•lasted amongst the enemies of federation. Mr Dibbs is amongst them. He had acted traitorously to federation, Bud only got into .the Convention to fight against it. Be "shifted his actions, and then when he found that his conduct was scouted he said he was in favour of a federation which was-no federation at all. That was a mockery of federation "(Mr Chanter; "He had Duncan Gillies with him ") , Mr Chanter is rapidly apologising for his actions in. regard to federation. (Mr Barbour : • You refused to go on with the bill.") That shows hat the.gentlemen did not understand what they were doint; when they voted against the Government. (Uproar.) I have been charged with opposing the establishment of the Federal Council. I did do so because the federal bill, which I prepared in ^884 was taken-as the basis of the con»titution of that body. I was convinced that the principles embodied in that bill were incorrect,-and I had no hesitation in expressing my disapproval of what had been done years before, because I felt 'hat the later experience justified me in so doing Many hundreds of prople had changed .their minds before me, and the fuller consideration and experience enabled me to come to more mature -conclusions. I submit that the lesser should not control the greater, and that is what was attempted by that bill, and the Federal Council under it proved an. abortion as I foresaw 1 require a consolidated power to worthily represent the United Australia, to protect the libertiesrof its people, to establish authority, and to shot it-i honour and.glory all oyer the world. _ The man who resisted that is not a true federationist, but. be is an enemy in disguise. The time was coming. (A voice : " Protection."; Thepro eetion that man wants is the protection of an asylum for •he insane. jUproar.) I believe the time will come when every true and reasonable, man will acknowledge the service I have remdered to this ereat cause. I havealways held ihe one view, lain willing to subordinate everything to the cause of union, and to even leave freetrade in the hands of the ^Federal -Paiiiament. so that no difficulties should remain in the way of establishing speedy federation. The Federal Parliament can deal with the tariff against the loutside world, and there will be no narrow local feeling when a question of sneh huge importance is being discussed. Th - representative* of that body will hive to be known for their education, for their abilities and for their mature wis 'on. and I hope to live to see that institution established with representatives in it not inferior to any of the statesmen of the world. If that body decide- against freetrade I shall accept its decision as a good ci izen, but I would still agitate for freetrade and human freedom. That means that every man sball be as free as his fellow man, and that the laws shall protect him from the enemies of the Crown, the rebels of the country and the robbers of his possessions. I do not admit that the parliament of ft country has a right, to do a thing which is essentially wrong, and I feel that it is not right to restrict my liberty and compel me .to go to one market when I want to go to another. All men are not equal in their attainment', their desires or their possessions and it is a wicked thing to propose that "v^raQ be brought down to the one dead level. JH'WV not to let the individual re»p the f'-Vjft fiff tlji ties, and it e'as in freetrade ,-Myiritf aiaac^thing you undertake. There is no principle in protection. . (Interruption and dissent). It is the worst enemy tha working man--ever had either in thiaor any other.colony. (Uproar). History proves it to be so. It is crushing <h- working man wi h n« a< it did.in England, and it is the lever whicb is used by tyrants to grind the working man into dust (Uproar and dissent), It has ground them into the grave and it is doing so still : but protection is not the-que8tiouof the time. With federation it cannot Apply-to an-election for a-provincial parliament I do not wish to remain on.my feet much longer. {A voioe—I hope not). I did not expect that I would escape without interruption and without ruffling some of your feathers. My opinions coincide with those of some and against those of others. I have had much experience in parliamentary masters and 1 know something about the ways of government and the duties of political life. I only wanted to put my views before the people of {.he Murray, and if they do not listen to them it is their fanlt, not mine. The broad fact remains that my government is still the government of the country. We have just appealed to the cenntry after a dissolution and with the exception of the Postmaster-General every minister has been returned at the head of the poll. They had the people with them (Mr Chanter —" That is qnestinnable ") I can tell Mr Chanter that his party has not got the ghost of a show. I shall meet parliament aB prima minuter of this colony again and it will not be in the power of the discredited party to which- Mr Chanter belongs to shake ns in our substantial position. These gentlemen mav, unfortunately, be elected, but I feel certain that a better selection of representatives could be made both in the interests of yonrBelves and of the conntrv (Boohoos). I hope you will elect one of yonr own neighbours (Boohoos and groans) and I can tell that the tim« will come yet when even The Murray will send freetraders into parliament, (ironical cheers). They wern not all as stupid as some people I know (Buohons] and in the future they will vote for the men who are best fitted to serve the country. ' Mr J. M. Chanter rose amid deafening cheering to address the meeting. He desired to contradict some statements made by the premier [immense applause] and to put himself right with the meeting. He proceeded to recite a portion of the speech delivered by himself at the nomination on that day, in which he explained his action as regards the question of federation, and his vote on the no-confidence aud Mr Reid'a motions. \- The Mayor said he refused Mr Chanter permission to make a speech. It was not his meetiug, and the hall had been granted that evenine to the premier. It seemed that he came there only to interrnpt the-proceedings: At this stage the cheers, counter cheers, groans and boohoos were deafening and for several minutes the utmost confusion prevailed. Three cheers were (riven by the rival supporters for Mr Barbour, Mr Chanter, and Sir Henry Parkes, and the larrikin element at tha backtof the hall eeemed.ito be in a bUxa of -delight Ultimately the lights were turned partly down, and the yelling and disorder were ! renewed. Finally the crowd dispersed. Sir Henry | Parkes remained in the Conncil Chamber after the termination, hut a surging crowd waited about outside and when the Premier left in the cab for his hotel the cheering and counter demonstrations were continued for several minutes. 