tEHE CHRISTEN CONVENTION GEELONG. AT (Spfe<aally reported for the Colonist.) ' Gefi, give us the greatest blessing Victoria "has ever ' "had, We have had many blessed times in the salvatioa of sinners. Let us have a glorious time in the «iktification of saints.' So prayed 100 Christians met together in the Presbyterian Church, Geelong, in the •early morning of Tuesday, Sept. 15, the opening day of the most memorable Christian convention that has ever yet been gathered together in Australia. "There was a solemn hush that morning, and a blessed assurance in every heart, and on every lip that the Lord •was going to pour out an extraordinary blessing. The Convention was really the outcome of humiliation and prayer by fifteen ministers in Melbourn 0 , who some months ago felt that they were not winning souls for the Lord as they ought to have been doing, and, on meeting together and meditating upon the Acts of the Apostles, they sought for and claimed and received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They were then led to arrange for a Convention to be held at Geelong, and the Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., who has just finished a three months' evangelistic mission, and who has had considerable experience of such meetings, agreed to preside. The object of the meetings, which were held on the same lines as the Keswick Convention in England, are set out in the following circular issued by the President at the end of August:— ' This Convention at Geelong is a gathering together of the Lord's people of all denominations, for the purpose of getting a deeper knowledge of the Spiritual Life, and of understanding practically what our Lord means by ' Life more abundant.' Many are earnestly seeking after the great Messing, i.e., ' The Promise of My Father,' which ensures a life of perpetual victory over sin, and of power to win souls to Christ, instead of one of constant defeat and failure which is unfortunately the experience of many of the Lord's children. The baptism of the Holy Ghost, which our Lord speaks of as' the promise of My Father,' is therefore the subject that will be specially dealt with at the Geelong Convention, and all the Lord's dear children who are conscious of much spiritual weakness in the past are earnestly invited to'come apart and rest awhile,'and find out the secret of a life ' hid with Christ in God.' The hastening of our Lord's Second Advent by the evangelisation .of the world will also be spoken of, 'for this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.' ' All one in Christ Jesus.'—Gal. iii. 28. The Mechanic's Hall was well filled when the President took his seat at the morning meeting at half-past ten o'clock, and on the platform were numerous ministers of various denominations, among them being .Revs. A. W. Webb, S. Knight, and S. Chapman, all well-known to Adelaide people. ' Before we sing our opening hymn let us bow our heads in silent prayer and claim the presence of the Mighty God Most High.' Eveiy head was bowed. Then rang out as the opening hymn,' Praise Him ! praise Him ! Jesus our blessed Redeemer,' and Dr. Porter, of Ballarat, offered prayer. The President, in rising to deliver the opening address, at once turned every eye to Jesus. ' We want to put over this Mechanic's Hall' Jesus only.'' ' We are gathered in the name of Jesus, for the glory of Jesus, to learn the will of Jesus and to go forth and do the will we learn.' In eloquent language he painted out that when Jesus takes his disciyles apart to rest awhile (Mark vi,3I) He teaches them first of all (Luke xvii. 19) the exceeding sinfulness of unbelief, which, said he,' is the most awful sin a Christian can commit —worse than murder or adultery. Christians don't believe God can sanctify them wholly and can so fill a man with the Holy Ghost that he won't know himself in two minutes.' Oh, teach us the meaning of that word ' almighty.' There is nothing impossible to God, and nothing impossible to him that belie vetli. Lor J, convict us of our devilish unbelief. . . . Then it is only apart with Jesus that you learn the mystery of the Cross and the power of His resurrection (Matt. xs. 17). This Convention is held for the purpose of revealing to God's own disciples what the Cross really means, and what resurrection really means, for we were crucified with Christ, and rose from the dead with Him. We want to find out how to cease from ourselves so that we may say in truth, ' I no longer live.' Do not you think you have lived long enough 1 Oh, who will lead out the old man to executiou ? Let him be crucified and accept the position God has given him—a portion of death on the cross of the Lord Jesus Christ. Then we.want to tell you how to get perfect deliverance from the flesh with its passions and lusts, and to put your flesh where God has put it—on the Cros3 with Christ—and accept death to the flesh as well as death to yourself. Then we want Christians to learn the mystery of being crucified to the world (Gal. vi. 14). To get a real blessing at a Convention does not always mean being happy. It means supreme misery to you until God will arise in resurrection in your soul. But if we die with Him, we shall also live with Him, and we want you to accept this new life of freedom from The resumetion power of Jesus is coursing through my soul. Oh 1 what cannot the risen Christ do in my surrendered heart. Ah, Lord, we are far more a revelation of Thine emptiness to the world than Thy fulness. Grant that the result of the Convention may be that every Christian who comes here may be a revelation of the fulness of Christ to every one he meets. We have come apart to rest with Jesus, and to eat with Him. For immediately afterwards the Lord not only gave His di;ciples a splendid banquet, but also fed 5,000 people. So the Lord would teach us to have compassion on the multitudes as the result of the Convention, and to go back and feed them with the Bread of Life as never before. 'The mountains skipped like rams, and the little hills like young sheep.' Your mountains and hills in Australia seem rem-nkably firm on tieir bases; but, if you believe, the mountains of unbelief, of higher criticism, of our great intellectual giants, of fornication and drunkenness, and all that opposes the holy name and power of the Holy Ghost, will go skipping all over the place. Oh, ye mountains, skip away, for your time is short, and the devil knoweth he hsth but a short time. The Lord will teach you the sinfulness of unbelief, and, at ilie same time, the blessed reality of the Cross, and the exceeding greatness of His power unto usward who fcelieve. Now, unto Hi ni that is able to c!o exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to <tbe power that worketh in us, unto Him be glory in Che c&urch; by Christ Jtsus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen! It is impossible to gire an adequate idea in the space at my disposal of the wondrous character of the meetings which followed during the Convention, which was thus opened ; t>ie subjects chosen were— fl) 'Apostolic Christianity as it was, inexperience, conduct, service (2) < Apostolic Christianity, how it jnay - becottje ours-*-separation, consecration, faith (3) * Apostolic Christianity, its source and effects, the ascending Lord, the waiting Disciples.' The addresses •were delivered by the Revs. S. Chapman, A. W. Webb, J. Watsford, J. McNeil, E. W. Ellis, J. E. Harrison, A. Bird, W. C. Bunning, M. Hart, E. Harris, and Dr. Porter. The Rev. A. R. Blacket gave a very touching testimony on the third day. He said he had felt very much inclined the day before to go back to Melbourne There were present many of his spiritual children, s statement which was at once heartily endorsed by several in the hall; but it was only on the previous day that he had been enabled to perforin an act which committed him to an unpleasant duty, and he had since consecrated himself wholly to the Lord. There upon burst forth, ' Praise the Lord,' from many lips and the President said, ' Lord, I am looking now for great things at St. Matthew's, Prahran'; the church of which Mr. Blacket is the incumbent. There were several personal testimonies, among others that of the Rev. A. W. Webb, who said, ' I had been an arid Christian for nearly twenty-five years, but Jesus Christ came into me at tbe Smith-street church, Collingwood, some years age. The people said, ' Mr. Webb is hysterical ;' my voice was rolling out in songs of jubilant praise, and the tears were coming to eyes that had long been destitute of tears, and my whole being was simply thrilling with the new life. It was the grandest blessing that ever came, to me. At the testimony meeting held on the last day, an Archdeacon in the Church of England said, 'I should be silent if I con suited my feelings, but my Blessed Master says must speak. I have received a definite and very great blessing from the Almighty at this Convention I have been in the ministry in this colony somewhere approaching twenty-seven years. How is it my ministry lias been so comparatively barren, for barren it really has been ? It was simply this, I was not a consecrated soul. Mind, I have been for some Time past ; butj as the result of attending this Convention, I feel that, by God's help and His help alone, it never can be the Bame with me again in my ministry. The President of the Convention spoke briefly at each meeting, with evident unction and blessing. David, a Tamil evangelist, a native of Southern India, and one of Mr. Grubb's mission party, spoke on several occasions, putting the matter of consecration and faith so simply that members testified to the blessing they had received. His is evidently a thoroughly consecrated life. He is a man who literally walks with God, and aparently says, with perfect truth, 'Mine eyes are ever toward the Lord.' Extraordinary interest was aroused by the Convention. The morning prayer meetings at seven o'clock were attended by at least 600 people, while at the morning, afternoon, and evening meetings the hall, which held twelve hundred people, crowded. Overflow meetings were held every evening in an adjoining church, which seats five bun dred people, and on the last night this was full as well as the hall, and there was an open-air congre' gation as well. People came to the hall an hour before the time for beginning the meetings, and sat singing hymn after hymn, the hj r mn-book used throughout the Convention being ' Hymns of consecration and faith ;' the hymn sung most frequently perhaps being the chorus, ' lie is almighty to save.' The mo3t noticeable feature of the Convention was not the large attendance of people, but the manifest presence of the Holy Spirit. There was none of the excitement that is so objectionable in some revival meetings. Before any speaker addressed the audience, the President said, ' Let us hush our hearts to hear the voice of the Lord •,' and there fell a great hush on the vast assembly, and an eager listening for the message which it was felt the Lord was going to give through the speaker. The faces of the speakers and of most of the hearers fairly shone and there was on the faces of some of those who have in the past shown signs of worry, a settled calm and peace which testified morei eloquently than any words, that the peace of God was dwelling in their hearts. There wa3 a holy joy per vading the hearts of God's people. They had given up themselves and all they had to Jesus ; they had claimed for themselves the fulfilment of His promise, to give them a clean heart, and they were rejoicing with j )y unspeakable and full of glory, receiving the end of their faith, the salvation of their souls. So full of joy were their hearts that many who would have been ashamed to hear their own voices in public broke forth in exclamations of praise and Hallelujahs I There was a holy feeling of familiarity, of unbroken unity, and intense brotherly love ; and it was with altogether new meaning we sang, ' The Holy Ghost is come.' It is the Holy Ghost's province to glorify Jesus, and throughout the Convention, He took of the things of Jesus and revealed them; the last message bein • Christ is all and in ail.' Great as had been the blessing of the Lord during the Convention, it was on the last day that the most extraordinary illustration of its being a very Pentecost took place. At the early prayer meeting one young lady said, Goi was spelling out 'Africa' for her; and two others said they knew the Lord wanted them to go to China, and they praytd that the way might be opened for them, At the missionary meeting in the morning there were not more than 700 people present, many of the visitors having returned to their homes. The opening prayer said, ' Put the "go" into them, Lord;' and the President (reading Matt. is. 37-38) pointed out the three commands in regard to mis- sionary work were, ' Pray ye,' ' Tarry ye,' ' Go ye.' Addresses were given by Mrs. Millard, who has been in China, Miss Fuller, who has been in India for five years, and is returning thither, having received the baptism of the Holy Spirit, by the Rev. J. Watsford, who gave a most'interesting and pathetic account of his labours in Fiji; and by Mr. Millard, and David. There was nothing in the addresses to excite, and no persuasion used to influence, those present to offer themselves for mission work. Tbey were rather told to go and confess and lhv. Christ in their homes pnd among their friends. Yet, when the chairman asked those who felt led to do mission work fr.r the Lord, there was a very spontaneous movement in the hall, and after the meeting forty young men and young women testified to the promoters of the Convention their readiness to go wherever the Lord wished them to be. Then came the question of money. ' The Lord will provide the money,' said one. ' Don't give because others are giving,' said the President ; and there was no pressure of man brought to bear on the people at all. The Holy Spirit opened hearts and opened pockets. One person sent up £2. A man and his wife promised £120 a year; another £50, and £100. Amounts of £5 and £1 were freely promised. Notes were handed ify from all parts of the room and read aloud. Here are some t»f them—' I havegivenmyson;' ' I have given my daughter.' 'Savings of seven years, £4 ;' ' Savings of three years; £7." ' If my husband goes I am willing to go with him.' ' I give a piece of latii thirty feet frontagp, worili £2 10s. a foot. Title can be had at any time/ ' a blind siBter gives herself.' ' I will send the proceeds of a cottage and niue acres of land as soon as they can be sold.' Then ministers, who have been in the same churches for many yt-ais, ttood up and said, ' Lord, if Thou dost want ice put of my cburd), here am I. ready togo.'j Gentlemen took off their watches, and chains, and rings, and ladieB divested themselves of rings, earrings, and bracelets, and gave them to the Lord. There was no excitement, no hysterics, no rushing from seats and clapping of hands. The Holy Spirit just laid on the people's hearts an intense yearning for the heathen and gave the world a practical illustration of ' Apos tolic Christianity.' It was estimated that the value of the offerings was £1,000 The doings at this meeting, as of the Convention itself, were freely discussed ; and, as in early times, so now, some mocked 1 The testimony meeting in the afternoon was a very joyful one, as one after the other testified to the overflowing blessing they had received at the Convention. 'Finally, brethren, rejoice in the Lord ; finally, brethren, be of good comfort; finally, brethren, fare' well.' These were the last words of the President; and the first Geelong Convention closed with what had been the opening hymn, 'Praise Him, praise "Him, Jesus, our Blessed Redeemer.' 