AQUATICS. Tub Fouii-oAiti'D Pitusa Race The second annual l four-oared Press Cup Race will be rowed on the Parramatta River this afternoon, from Blaxland's to One Man Wharf a distance of two miles. There are six crews competing, viz, representatives from the Sydney Morning Herald, Echo, Daily Telegraph, Evening Acres, Australian star, and Referee At present the representatives of the Star hold the cup The craft loam it is much stronger one than that of last j, car, and they appear sanguine of Vitebsk. They pull a good exhibition over, and if they could throw more " dash" into their work their chances would be materially enhanced. The 1 the crew are rowing better than was expected, and though they roll sights), they got plenty) of pace out of their craft Their prospects are bright The Star's representatives are, if any thing trained" too fine," but nevertheless, they will make a great bid for victory. of the crown of the telegraph, Hcferee,nni meant to eat, very little can be said, as they have not been seen much upon the river, preferring to put in their work elsewhere. In connection with the above race, a horse staff handicap, in working club skiffs, will also be rowed from One Man Wharf to Putney. There are 16 entries, and it is probable that all will face the starter 'The contest is evoking keen interest in the several newspaper offices The skiff r ion will start punctually. at 3.30 p.m. and the four-oared half an hour later. Given a fine day, the racing should prove a success, as arrangements are most complete . Two steamers will leave Circular Quay at half-past 2 o'clock, to follow the boats, and as a first-class band has been engaged, visitors should spend an enjoyable afternoon The Li Ichhardt Rowing Club have decided upon the following scratch races on Saturday next, the 25th in- stant -Single Sculls in working club skiffs (handicap), double sculls, and scratch fours, for club members only. The Prince Alfred Yacht Club will close the season this afternoon, the members entertaining their com- modore (Mr. W M Maclardy) and vice-commodore (Mr. H. S. Harden) at a luncheon. The yachts will "semble In Farm Cove at 3 30) p m" and will be under the direction of the commodore of the day (Dr. P. Milford), who will hoist his flag on the sea. After forminganuadron, the signal "Follow me in line" will he hoisted, and the boats will then rendezvous at Vaucluse. Luncheon will be served on board the Alathea, at which the chair will be taken by Dr. Milford. After lunch, should time permit, evolutions will be gone through by the ya his The steamer Alathea will leave No. 4 Jetty, Circular Quay, at 1.30 pm. sharp. The Sydney Amateur Canvas Dingy Club will hold their final race for the season for all boats on Saturday next 25th April, and for which entries will close on Wednesday night, at 8 pm. The Consolation Race of the Port Jackson Amateur Sailing club will be sailed this afternoon for prizes of First, £4; second, £3; and third. £1. The entries are., are Regina. 24ft., scratch; clothes, 24ft., 3 minutes ; Violet, 22ft., 3 minutes ; Esmeralda, 22ft., 4 minutes; Masadla, 24ft.. and Lavinia, 22ft, G minutes ; Ivoraa, 22ft, Rosalind, 22ft., and The Ghost, 24ft, 9 minutes; and Our May. 24th, 10 minutes. There will be no postponement of this race, as the committee are determined to finish their programme of races this afternoon. The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club said the last race of the season this afternoon, it being a consolation for a first prize of £5 and second £2. The entries are - Vacuna, 22ft, H. L. Hunt, scratch; Triton, 22ft, H. Simmonds, 2 minutes ; Curlew, 22ft" H. B. Pickering, 2 minutes; Nereus, 20ft., P. H. Sullivan, 3 minutes; and Zenoni. 20ft, J. W. Bennett, 4 minutes. The course is a flying start at 3.15 p.m., from line between starter's boat and Kirribilli Point beacon, down to and round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island (outside buoys and marks), round flagboat off Fort Macquarie, thence round Fort Denison, and book to flagboat The Neutral Bay Sailing Club have a hurry-scurry mee this afternoon for the president's prize. The con- ditions are-Registered jib, mainsail only, at bootawa out allowed. The course is a flying start at 3 p.m. from an imaginary line between P. J. S. S. Company's buoy and flair moored to westward, thence round the fire light (off Watson's Bay, leaving Clark and Shark stands on port hand, thence back round Orient Company's buoy, thence round Clarke Island and bank, finishing over starting line, leaving all marks on the port hand. The following are the entries and handicaps Xarifa, scratch; Sea Breeze, 5 minutes; Happy Thought and Myee, 22 minutes ; Roma and Dlauiedo, 25 minutes. No steamer will follow the race. _____________________ 