THE ItED GHOST DANCE. rxmv yoize would, xovembdb 2.) The enake dance of tho Moqui Indians, tho etraugo sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of tbo hostilea, and the >eace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their treatise h&ve; all been described. The weird ghost dance with which tho Sioux and bbos- oues are now celebrating what thev believe to be the approach of tho Indian railenniutn bas never beeu described, for the reason pro bably that it has never beeu witnessed by a white roan. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped here and at- Rosebud, as well as further to the west and north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known to have toen a ghost dance would live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the rosuiTection of all the braves who have gone to tbo Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on American eoil end the extermination of tho whites. And the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Red Saviour, reported I months ago to hare como down from tbe happy | bunting grounds and lighted on the top of a mountain peak iu south-eastern Montana in the wild country ou the borders of tbe National Fork. Thit much alarm is felt by tbe white men hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the gravity with which the situation is dis cussed. The Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in i heir cabins and tepees, and pureuing their cus tomary loafing aod visits to the agency build- iugs, act as though under a spell. The Indian agents themselves, who ore in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of tho situation. Ex-Agent Charles P. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when asked the attitude of Qgalalla Sioux, into which baud he married, and ui which he holds the rank of " White Chief." He said the Indiana were his brothers aud so were tbe whites, and he hoped forjieace. But he did notquiet tbe fears of my Informant, who succeeded last eveuing iu get ting a glimpse of a ghost dunce in progress ut the big catnp, several miles from this agency, where the most fanatical apostles of the new Messiah are said to have made their appear- The situation at the famous Standing Rock Agency, where Sittiug Bull has been endea vouring to raise a revolt on the strength of the promised aid of tho New Messiah, is oven more setiou.- than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent M'Laughliu has indeed forwarded to Washington u formal report on the gencrol dis affection, showing tbe alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and Kicking Horse, the groat Sioux prophet, are about equally re- spousihle for it. Thuy predict the arrival oi tho lied Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new grass in March, 1K91, It is said that Red Cloud, the ablest and wisest of all the Sioux chiefs, revealed the plot to M'Laughliu. Sitting Bull, who has long been incapacitated by illness from active chieftain ship, has regained his strength, aud is fero ciously desirous of a war against the " pnle foces." He points to his warlike i'oats on the battle-field of the Little Big Horn, where Custer aud his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of oOG avengers, mostly young bucks, whoru he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing eccouuts of the resto ration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy iu the North-west His bruves rely on his pro mise that nil the dead Sioux trill rise from their graves and thut their numbers, with these re inforcements, will be amply sufficient to drive out and " wipe out" tho white man even were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in tbis letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kicking Horse goes so tar as to say thut he has made a personal visit to the bappv hunting grounds through a " hole in the clouds," aud that he there beheld untold thou sands of red warriors all in war paint, armed with their lances and bows aud arrows, uud auointed with a mysterious oil which reuders their bodies bullet proof should tho whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Horse professes to believe thai the white man will be so overawed by the numbers of the returning braves that they will retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irrecon cilable.', as Red Cloud does the " progressive" Indians, is supposed to lie tho chief whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead the red meu to victory. In the wake of their trium phant progress tbe grass will grow waist-high and the prairies bo thick with buffalo aud auto- lope. The story that Sittiug Bull has been under the spiritualistic influence of a " Mrs. C. Wcldou, of Brooklyn,'' who came here to see him inlSSC1, aud has had communication with tbe Great Spirit through Lor, is believed to be without foundation. Tho ghost dance seems to be iutended as a solumu notification to the Indian dead that they arc now needed ou earth t«> help the remnant of their people exterminate the whites uud seize their own again. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the returning br; ves, aud it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the while men, who are all to die when the Messiah makes his appearance, are mourned iu advance iu the dirge movement of the chaut which is part of the ghost dunce seems hard to surmise. But the wild strains, which my informant's half-breed instructor iu there ghostly mysteries said foretold the red men's liuul triumph, were, (recording to his de scription, certuinlv ferocious enough to satisfy the wildest sensation-lover. The camp this friendly half-breed led his while companiou to spy upon is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to 6uonmt acrobs tbe valley would per Lam be u mile. The waggons of the braves — many of them us farmers and freighters now have their horses and waggons— arc corralled in the I centre of the valley. A friugeof tents skirts the borders of lire camp, and uscoioor so of paiuted topees are tbe lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, wbo have never given in to " progressive" uutiouf, gone to wearing shtru or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs aud chickens issued to there Indian by the Government for breeding purposes— for m the eye of tbe law roost oi them are farmers— have been driven into the valley also, and arc lariated or cooped on the out-larts of the catup, where tbey are being killed and c-steu at a rapid rate. The atmosphere was dank and murky wbcu, two nights ago, toy half-breed friend set out for tbe camp. After an hour's laborious wulfc. and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of tho hill to tbe west of the catnp was readied about 9 o'clock. The lights of the camp lires, on which the evening meal had been cooked, were gradually allowed to die out And several old squaws could plainly be seen moving iu and out atnoug tbe darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot oi the hill ou which the spies were seated iu a clump of 6tuutcd evergreens was an oj>eu space, of au acre in extent, towards which toe squaws seemed now urging, now driving the i est of the baud. Arouod the outer rim of this open 6pacc fires wore kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, as there was little or no flame, only a dull red glow aud a profuse pale grey 6moke, which, rising from all sides at ouce, formed a sort of canopy over the scene, through this cloud by fits aud starts the old squaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of the excuse, with the younger bucks ana squaws iu rows behind thero. The warriors in the front row were kneeling, the squaws behind them sit ting, and the younger bucks standing behind them. Then the old squaws retired to tho western edge of the opeu ground, where they were screened from observation by the bush, uud remained out of eight for about ten miuutes. During this time the picture was wild aud impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the smouldering light of the fires built iu a long oval about forty feet iu trout of the liue, the warriors, with their women and children be hind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting— just what for the half-breed on the hill dichi't know. VVneu a fire would burn up too bright and illuminate too clearly tho solemn groups near it, a squaw would go and pull the fagots away from ihe coals aud subdue the flames. When tbe old squaws returned they joined bands aud knelt down to tbe centre of the opeu. They began cliautiug what souuded at first like a death song, hut now ani again swelled iuto savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while tbe chant wa'e going on, but while the strange scene wasehut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands iu a larger circle arouud the old squaws, began the ghost dance. Their chant was less shrill than thut started by tbe sqaawe and was not so plainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their duad ; then came tbe invocation to the dead to arise and come help tbeir bretheren exterminate the white man. The squaws had not been observed to leave the circle they had formed, but as the warriors' chant swelled into what the half-breed said was tbe invocation to the departed Sioux to come book to earth, the old bags, one by one, stole like shadows under he linked arms of the braves, each with a burning stick in her shrivelled hand, the light from which fell with grey ghastiiness on her painted face; This light for tbe firft tune made visible to the watchers the faces of the braves' them- selves, and it was now Been that they were in full war paint. THE BIO CHIEF AXD AGENT. ( The old wctnen passed through tbo circle like a procession of spectres, each carrying a taper of grave-wax to light her uuaccustomcd ieet over tbe rough surface of tbe valley. At all event that was what tlieir wild poforraance looked like from tbe hill-top, and before the processiou had more than hulf passed through the circle the smoke grew bo thick uud the clouds above the volley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the immediate necessity of a return to the Ageucy. Enough had boeii seen of the ghost dauce, which bad then barely be gun, for report Bays it lasts well into the morning, and indeed till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out dourly at least one significant fact. And that was thut the bucks hod warpaint on tbeir faces. There is talk hero that tbe Mormons are en couraging tbe Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Indians to l6ok forward to the extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all tbe white men iu authority— except the Mormons — wlieu the Red Saviour comes. That strange Ittdisus who may have come from the West, and may even claim to have been iu the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, have recently joined tbe Sioux at theso agencies is indis putable. They ore spoken of as apostles of the new religion, and it is by their advice that the Indians have gathered into camps, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing — until the Millennium comes. APOSTLES OF THE NEW CREED. The excitement began among the S oux at the great council of the Sioux nation, held about tbe middle of September on Bad lliver, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. White men were excluded from the council, just as tbey are from the ceremonies in the camps in this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, named W. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of his business during tbe past few weeks through a great deal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatical mania which seemB to have laid hold of tbe Dakota red man is the direct result of the ex hortations of tbo Indian emissaries from Mon tana, where tbe Messiah was said first to have bucn ieen laBt spring. Who in tho East had supposed that this strange agitation about a Messiah had reachnd such a pitch among tho Red men that emissa ries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make ready for tho appearauce oi their " Redeemer I" And who bus yet hoard this Indian Messiah's creed? Its main article is tho belief thut tho present surface of tbe North American conti- tout will he covered thirty feetdeep by a new stratum of soil, which tflfall be inhabited by Indians only, and be thick with game as were the prairies before the white man came. Beueath this new stratum the white man and his cities and hiB railroads and his steamboats and bis civilisation shall be buried, iu the twinkling of an eve, aud the New World shall be as if it had never known him. or ct least as it was oUO years ago, But the Iudiaus— and here is a strange thing— shall not bo whelmed iu the general ruin. They will be endowed with a euwmaturul strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion, and will squirm though the new soil until, after much labour and many fears aud lamentations, the Red man shall at last struggle out to the now surface of the new earth where they will find gra£B waist high and immense herds of buffalo, autclopc, and wild horses ready at hand ! There is something touching in this happy restoration. To reach it tbe red mail must pass through his purgatory— the new earth stratum. No pale face will ever he permitted to mar the serenity of these Elysian Fields, nor will the game die out or bo driven away. Visions of these veritable Happy JJuuting Grounds are seen in the gho:t dance by the warriors, who spin arouud in a religious delirium until tbey fall in u trance. Iu this trance the ghosts of the dead braves aud departed chiefs arc said to come aud tell them of the new glories to crown the red man. This by some is said to give its name to the dance. GENERAL INDIAN DISTORRANCES. The outbreak of tho White River Utes, who have left the reservation iu Utah and gone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general upri&iug; preliminary to the ap|»carance iu the flush of the Indian Messiah. It is known that tho Noz Porce6 uear Mulleu. Idaho, to the number of 4UU, have appeared in a hand at that town and presented a formal de mand that the whites leave the country, "to which they have no title." These are the same Xez Perces who took part in the massacre of 1&77\. They are dissatisfied with their reserva tion atLa l'ivia, uud are said to threaten ngaiu to overrun thut vast stretch of northern Iaabo known as Camas Prairie. The excitement among the Cheycnnes, Kiowap, and Cotuauches is scarcely less. Cap tain Trimblctou, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, Cominandantat Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that iu his opinion ' tho greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to come soon," as the Iudiaus liuve got the idea thut theGreat Medicine Man is coming to wipe out the whites aud restore to them the ownership of thecouutry,"' Captain Triuiblcion is known as a man of experience and discretion. His declaration that the .,<)0O Indians about Fort JSill havo renounced Christianity and eutc-red upon a series of incan tations aud fanatical orgies is certainly worthy of note. \\\ bother or uot the Government should double the frontier garrisons is a ques- tiou for the Government to decide. ARE THE SIOUX STARVING r The opinion in this part of Dakota is that tbe Sioux have been bo badly treated bv the Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. The settlers aloug the edges of the grout Sioux reservation are un doubtedly alarmed. These are the facts, to which there is abun dant testimony, ou which it is said the Sioux make out a strong case in equity against Uncle Sam. In .Tune, ISV.\ the Sioux signed a Iresty for the cession of a part of tlieir reservation to the Government. They Lave not received one cent of the consideration due them for that ces- siou. General (.rook was with the commission that secured tbeir signatures to the treaty : Genera) Crook had been their conqueror, and afterwards their benefactor and fricud. Tbey knew him aud believed in hiro, and there is uu dcubt that it was owing very largely to bi6 in fluence that the treaty was ratified. It was General Crook who promised tho Sioux that the Government would pay them in full and promptly fortheirlaud6, and that their rights should be respected. The Sioux have lw«u repeatedly deceived by agents of tbe United States Government, notably when the attempt, that so nearly resulted, in 187b, in war. was made to remove them by force to the Mis souri River, but tbey trusted Crook. Now that Crook is, dead the chiefs say that bis Govern ment bas failed absolutely to cany out his pro mises. Owing to the delay in the passage bv Con gress of the Indian Appropriation Bill not oulv the Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the supplies due in July have not yet been sent out to them. As a re sult they listen all tbe more eagerly to the emissaries who have come from that part of Montana where the Messiah is said to h&ve; been seen. The idea of an approaching millennium and the extinction of the whites renders tbe reservation Indians ail the more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies— Pine Ridge and Rosebud— are re- ceiviug scarcely anything at all, even under the reduced census apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to. All this time since July tbe Government sup plies out here have been, of course, diminishing. 'There will soon be nothing at all on Land to feed tbe Indians except scanty rations of beef. Suppose, as has beeu the case in the past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of tbe rations of flour, etc, , for which there is now no material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, ior then the beef also would give out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially when the mysterious apostles from Montana and Utah have succeeded in convincing hundreds of the Sioux that when the Mos6iaL appears their struggle for their rights will at Ust he crowned with success, and the hated whites and lying Government agents will be punished as thuy deserve. Why should tbey and their children starve in a land of plenty ? Iuceed,aman officially acquainted withthc Siouxfortweuty-fivo years said to me yester day : " Broken treaties, delayed appropriations and religious frenzy liave combined to make the Indians feel that the worst has come to the worst, and that even if no Messiah come they might as well die fighting, with their wives and children around them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes them a living and has abundant means to pay that debt were tt eo disposed. By the very failure to deliver them their supplies in July, when they were due, the Government hat, as & last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of the opportunity to .earn money by freighting these supplies. There was nothing to haul, eo tbey have been deprived not .only of tbeir Govern-1 meet food, but of almost their only opportunity to make money enough to buy food else where." 