MRS. BROWN ON LOCAL OPTION. (to the editob op the advertiser.) Sir,—There seeir.s to be a great deal of talk just now about this local option; soma rays one thing, scjr.e saya another, and I had quite a hot argu ment wi.h Mrs Snuffle the other day, who called to get me to aine a aorfc of paper to reduce the numbar of hotels. I saw her a comin' and I pretty well knowtd what her litile game was, "So," thinks I, " my lady, you won't have it all your omit way with Sarah Brown." Mrs Snuffia is a would-if-youcould sort of creature; but can talk. She used to stand up on the platfoim of the Sal vation Barracks as bold as an\ '-en! preacher and spe- chify and pray and call th» audience to come and be converted. Convei ted, indeed; such con ceit and imp dence I never tee, aud her husband at home minding the children; Whihing them and putting them to bed. But, lor ! he believes there never was such a woman as her and would mend her stockings and the chil dren's too, if he knowed how; poor soft headtd feller; he looks a mere ghost of a nan, T should be ashamed to own him, but is would take a good deal to sh ime Mr a Snuffle. " Good mornin' Mrs Brown, and how's your husband and family" aiys 8he. "Oh, come n Mra Snuffle." cava I, " havn't seen ity old mw fi r three months an' more, he's working up country, and my fan i!y, ae y ,n know is all growed up, and have families of their own, but I believe they a-e all well, and how's your husband and children?' "All well thank the Lord," says she, " I .want your help and assistance to do away with the cussed liquor traffic, shut up the beershops, and save our husbands and children from sin and povrty from the hospital, lunatic asylum and the jail." " Dear me," says I, "that's strong, you don't mean to say Mr Snuffle as took to drinking." "Oh, no, thank the Lord who guides us in the strait aud narrer path," says the, "we are quite safe, but whit X you do is (and here sht! pulU from her bosym a battle of ink and a pen) to aine this ere pertition calling on the Govment to tuke a pole to reduce the number of hote's and Uetrshopa in this ere ward from 40 to 15, so that wo rIikII be able to close 25of the cussed houses." "Never mind Mra Snuffle bothering with your pen and ink, I have an iakatand of my own if I want it, but I like to understand a thing before I sine it. Now is thiB pertitiun got up by Christians or teetotalers? _ ' Both," both Bays she, " a ti etotah-r and a Christian is one and the nm' thing." "Oh!" says I, "Are you a teeto'alor ?" "Iauia total abstainer," says she. "Well," aiys I, "that mean* tha same thing, and puts you outside the Christian faith. I don't Bee how anyone can be a total abstainer, and remain a Christian if you do not believe in the miracle at the marriage feast in Cana; if you do not believe in the sacrament of breal and wiop; if you wish to pipk and choose what you will believe from that book, and what yru wi 1 not, all I can fcay is you may be a total abstainer, bui not a Christiai. The b;:ok trachea temperance in eating and drink ing, but not total abstinence. Christianity doea n:.'t teach you to curse and endeavor to ruin these that cannot see with yctir eyes, or understand with your bi muddled brains. The difference between a Christian and a total abstainer is very great. A. man may beat hid wife, rob, or murder. Ke cannot ben Christian, but he lr.ay be a total abstainer. A man may break all the ttn command ments. He cannot bo a Chris ian, but n.^.y be a total abstainer. A total abstainer may be an atheist, a mahomadon, a p^gan.a— "Here Mra Knuffi^ rushed out, and would not hear any more. I hope I havu'b offended her.— -Yours, etc.. SARA.EL BROWN. New Chum, 10th Septerrber. 