ST- PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. THE OON8EORATION CERE MONY- SERMON BY' THE PRIMATE. BEAUTIFUL 8ERVIOE, AND AN IMPRE8SIVE SCENE- AN IMMENSE CONGREGATION. . Tho Anglican Church of Victoria takes a great step forward to-day. After many years sho lies a central placo of worship, whioh is to some extent worthv of the coionv and eanital. It u an. necessary hero to rcviaw the history of the work which has been crowned to-day in tho opening of St. Paul's, or to enter into any detailed description of tho building. Tbo first is well-known, whilo tho second has been given times out of number already, and has probably only been read, or at least understood by, architects and such. It Is interesting, however, to remember that the Cathedral is consecrated upon, it may Ira said, tho anniversary of tbe arrival of Mclbonrno's Grit Anglican bishop. It will be 43 years to-morrow since BlshopPerry,the initiator of the Cathedral movement, landed in Victoria. Aud Bishop Moorboose, who next occupied tho see, used all his Influence and persuasivo powers to procure for his Chureli headquarters that should meet the requirements of tho times. Ho all along favored tho present site, and it will, doubtless, be no small cause for gratification to him to learn that to-day's cere mony took place, after all tho tempt ing offers of Mammon during tho land boom, where he had hoped it would take place— at the iutcrseotiou of wanston and Hinders streets. Before 10 o'clock tho ballding was erowdod, tho congregation including leading representatives of well nigh every profession and business. . The ladies, who form the largo majority of every congregation— why, wo cannot ' pause to enquire— were, of course, present in largo numbers. Within the Cathedral tho effect was much tho samo as that created by any large crowd waiting for something. There was a subdued bnzz of conversation everywhere— tho populace's criticism of tho building, and of eacu other. Ou some quiet week-day afternoon, when tho novelty has worn off so far as the great crowd is con- cerncd, one will Ira ablo to learn tha building bettor, and to sco exactly how much of tho impressive grandeur and awe- inspiring influence expected of every Catho- dral, is possessed by this .one. To-rioy, if tho expression may bo allowed," Tho show's the draw," by which is meant that the pro cession and forms of a consecration service, which are necessarily new to Melbourne, attracted tbo congregation, or tho greater portion of it, mid not voluntary worship. Therefore, a brief analysts of the Order for Consecration, drawn up by the Chapter for this red-letter day in tho annals of Anglican Melbourne, may prove interesting to too many who like a littlo religious read ing now and then for a change, if it's oot too long nor too heavy. At half-past 10, then, or thereabouts, the procession formed on thcRichmond aideottho Cathedral, tho clergy wearing thoir snrpHces, stoics and uolicgo caps, with tho hoods of their degrees. Tho following was tho ORDBft OP !'KOCESSION: AuteUnt Verger. Choristers, turn and two. Lay Clerks, two sod two. Th Precentor. The Local Architect. Council of Trinity College. Council of the Dloceae ol Utlbourns. Tho clergy of other diocese in usdsrneaUoned flirtnns North Queensland - ftaltarst Itethurst Grafton and Arabia) Qoulbura Uriiuan I'ertn Kewcastlo Adelaide Tasmania Hvdney. ' Clergy of the Diooros oi Melbourne. Priest. Hurat Deans DhrnlUrtes and Canon of other Dtooues Canons of Ut JaanT. Melbourne. . The Venrer ol the Cathtdrab The tteirlstrar of th Dlneeso, Tho Secretary of the Cathedral Erection Board. . Lor Canons of 8L Paul's, Canons ol Rt Paul's. Tbe Dean. E The IJiihop of RlrtriML ills Chaplain. Tbo Bishop of llathunt Hie Chaplain. Tho Bishop of Adelaide. Ills Chaplain. Tbo BUbop of IUtiarat. till Chaplain. Tbe Biebop of Ooulburn. Ills Chaplain. Tho Bishop of Tasmaols. ' lln Chaplaiu. \- lheUhanctllorof tno Diocese. The Pastoral SUIT, tiorne by tho Iter 11 E. Taylor. Tbe tllihop of iho Diocese. Ilia Cbapiaine. " Tbo Molt Hevereiid the Primate. His Chaplains. Th vrocceeton we ordeied Lv — Tho Preceutor (Ultior-Canon Button) for th Choir Tho Her. If. E.Taylor for tha Uuhop Canon Carlisle for tbe Canons Canon WblUaRtou for th Gltrsy of other Diocese Iteva. F. J. Trice and O. reonioott for tho Clergy of th friocoso Bore. J. P. btretchand T. II. Armstrong for tho , >Vboler HI Excollcocy the Governor ami suite, arrived shortly after tbe processiou bogau to move. Tho precession first marched round tlio building, singing tho well-known dedication hymn— Blewd city, heavenly Halern. Vision dear of pcacs and lovo, ' Wno of living Honrs are hulldcd, . In teebciyht of heaven above. And with Angel hosts encircled. At a bmlo doth earthward mora. Tbo hymn is from tho Latin, and most appropriate to such an occasion. There seemed to bo extra zest in tho singing of tho fifth verso— Christ It made th sure Foundation, Christ, the Head and Corner-huso Chosen of the Lord and preoteoe. Binding all tho Church in one. Iloiy Hlon's help for ever Atid ber confidence sione. After the hymn, tho choir and clergy «oparatcd into' two lines at the Flinders street entrance in order that tho Bishops might ro'colvc His Excellency the Governor. This having boon done, uml tho procession havhig.turuedftowards tho entrance to tho Cathedral, - the Bishop uttered one of the 11 Deprecations," or prayers to avcrtall evil, from the Church of .Englopd Litany, the responeo being "Spare us. Good Lord." Then followed one of tbe many beautiful collects of which the Anglican Liturgy is' full— that crimmoncing " Prevent (go before) us, O Lord, in all our doings with Thy most gracious favor.' Tha .collect is one of . tbe six " Occasional Collects " to bo found at tho end of the Communion Service, and directed to bo said after tho offertory when tho Uoly Com munion i not celebrated. M Immediately after tbo collect tho Bishop snoke in clear ringing tones, .the words "Lift up your heads, Oyo Gates, and be ye lift up, yo everlasting doors, anil the King of Glory shall come in," . from the 24th Psalm, words supposed to have been uttered by David ia coaoeotion with the bringing-up of tho, Ark, and therefore singularly appro priate. The words were then snog by tbo lay clerks, and from within tho building came tho query, also Bung by clerks, " Who is tbe King of , Glory 1" Still quoting the some Psalm, pxo Bishop replied,, " Tbe Lord of Hosts, Ho is trio King of Glory." The reply was at once, as . if eagerly, taken up and sung by the olerks. V The Bishop then took the pastoral staff froth the Rev, H. K. Taylor, and, knocking gently upon the Cathedral doqr .therewith, said fa a loud voice, " Open ye the Gates 1" The door having been opened, the bishop and clergy entered, the Bishop saying, as he oressed the threshold, the opening words of the Order for tho Visitation of tha Sick, but applicable talso .to all pastoral visits,: aa being pert of Christ's instruction to tha seventy disciples as He was sending them forth — " Peaee bo to this House." Tho -Petition for Consecration was then presented to the Bishop, and was read by tbo Registrar, to wbich the, Bishop answered, "lam ready - to ' 'do ks yoa dsrire, and! praGod to bless. and prosper this your His Excellency the Gpverhor was toon con ducted to the vioe-regal pew, and the bishops, canons and others proceeded to the choir, singing the- 24tb Psalm, "The earth Is the Lord's." The prayer for the Governor, which ie embodied in -coiooUl Anglican liturgies, was than sold, by the Bishop, after .which the whole congregation knelt in siloneo for a minute or two, before singing that solemn hymn oo familiar at Con- firm at ions, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire." Tho Bishop next proceeded to the Table, and there .received from the Chairman of tho Building Committed tho title-deeds of tho land,".'. These .the Bilbop. laid upon tho tablo, and then turning to tho pcoplo exhorted them not to doubt but God would " favorably approve this our godly purposo of sanctifying this placo, and setting it apart in solemn manner to ths several offices of His Holy Worship, and let us faithfully and .devoutly beg His blcsssing on this our undertaking. Tho . prayer for God's consecration was then said by the Bishop, all, of courso, knefflug. Aftor this tho consecration ol tlio foot, lectern, pulpit, place of Marriage, place of Confirmation, the Table, and tho Holy Tablo were proceeded with by tbe Bishop. Proceeding with bis chaplains and some of the clerks to tho font, tho Bishop read a suitablo versa from the 3rd chapter of Ht. ' Paul's Eplstlo to Titus, and, laying his his hand on the font asked that whosoever should be dedicated to God in tills font by baptism might be sanc tified by the Italy Ghost, delivered from God's wrath, received into the Alk of . Christ's Church, and ever remain in I tho number of His faithful aud elect children. At the lectern, the Bishop read tbe Gtb verse of tho 14th chapter of Revela tions. Proceeding to the pulpit, trie BUhop read tha 20th verse of tbo 5tn chanter of tlio Aots of tho Apostles, "Go, stand and sperik in tho Temple to tho people all the words of this life." These wero tlio words of the angels who released Peter and the other Apostles from prison in Jerusalem, where thuy hod been cost by tho high priest in his indignation at tho success of their miracIcsofhcaUngjWhicliaUractcdmuUitudes tu thum at Jerusalem. . 'Tho Bishop then said a short prayer, for the most .part iu tho languago of the collect for tho First Sun-lav after Epi phany. At tho place of Marriage, the Bishop read the 31st Atid 32nd verses of the Gtb chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Kpheslaos, " For this cauto shall a man leave his father aud mother, nnd shall be joined unto his wife, and thoy two shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery : but I sneak . concerning Christ and the Church." Then followed a short prayer, ibat those marrying there nright " faithfully Krfonn and , keep the vow and covenant twixt them made, and continue in perfect love together, and llvo according to Thy laws unto their lives' end. ' At the place of Confirmation, tho Bishop read tho 1st and find versus of the 6tn chapter of tho Kpistte to the Hebrews, and said a short and appropriate prayer. At the Tablo, ono of the chaplains read tlio 16th versa of the 10th chapter of St. Faul'aifirstKpistlo to the Corinthians, and tho Bishop, laying his hapd on the Tablo, asked a blessing and all the benefits of Christ's passion for thoso there receiving tho Sacrament. A Bcntcnco or two from tho Communion Service was to bo recognised in this prayer. Smndingat tholloiy Table while tho pcoplo knelt, tho BUhop said a suitable prayer, after which, turning to tho west ward, he spoko thu 12th and 13th verses of tho 28tb chapter of Genesis, "Behold a ladder ut up on the earth," etc., the drcatn of Jacob at Betho I. Tho Primate then said a prayer of thanks giving ami. praue, which, being concluded, tho Bishop sitting in his chair directed tho Cb&ncollor; of tlio Dioccsu (Mr Justice Hodges) to " read publicly tho bcntcnco of Consecration." Ihts was read, and the Instrument of Conucration was then slgocd by tbe Bishop,' and ordered by Mm to be laid up in tho Registry among the muniments of tbe Sco, and to be registered. The hymn for Trinity Sunday, " Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty," was then sung, aud was followod bv the Order of the Holy Communion, with a special collect, opistle (Rev. xxi. 22), and gospel (St. John H. 13). Tbe Niccne Creed was then sung, nnd tho notices of services duringtlioncxteightdays, or Octave, were given. 