BUFFALO BILL ORDERED TO THE FRONT. THE GHOST DANCERS. When the mail left England Buffalo Bill had been ordered to the seat of tbe Indian trouble. Colonel Cody's destination was Nebraska. The State Militia was said to be ready for service at an hour's notice. In an interview Colonel Cody said: " I (hall probably proceed directly to Ru«i- • ii ni .« r ri• i VVT, ! vule, 31 miles from Pine Ridge. When do I expect the trouble will begin ? Weil, it is like guessing if grass is four inches longer than you would expect it to be every night. As it is a time of the year when everything is against an outbreak, no bad Indian still retaining a modicum of sense will go on the war-pa^h unless he has food for his horse and himself. With the fanatioal Sioux, who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise, it is different. Tbey believe they are serving the Great Spirit. They believe tbey ore celebrating tbe coming of the Messiah. Therd will ba trouble unless the dances are stopped. What appears most ominous to me is tbe widespread influence of the Messiah movements. The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the West- tribes, from the coast of tbe Mississippi, and from British Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to the coming of tbe Great Leader. They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war, 60 that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians Sitting Bull is the worst. Rock Bear and Red Shirt, who are fighting chief), will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. These were with me. Sitting Bull will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and his conduct portends trouble." Dispatches to the New York World and the Morning Journal state that seven settlers were murdered by Indians, near Libeau, a settlement in South Dakota. A Herald special correspondent say6 that tbe settlers of Potter and Dalworth counties in South Dakota were fleeing for their lives. Five hundred Indians armed for war crossed the Missouri River at the mouth of Grant River. No soldiers were near. If, theiefore, the Indians meant to massacre the settlers, the only chance they had lefc was in flight, and their chance of escape in ihat way was a very poor one Old Red Cloud, who was disposed to be friendly to the whites, was the leader ot the Fort Phil Kearney massacre. He had son with the Ghost Dancers, who was looking forward to a chance of winning hi6 spurs. The best fighting blood of the Sioux and Cheyennes was represented among the Dancers. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit- nessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one of them as 6een from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The dance began at dark and, though the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young bucks and equaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined bands and knelt down in the centre of the valley, They began chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and joining hands in a large circle behind the old squaws they began the Ghost Dunce. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate tbe while men. The old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these they stole Ijke shadows under the linked arms of the warriors and passed through -the circle like a procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again. It is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when everyone concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the warpaint of the braves, means a deadly intention to the whites is unfortunately bnt too clear. 