A DUBLIN HAMLET. " I am av the opinion as Polonius wliin he said, ' Don't fight wid ivry scutt for the pure joy av fightin', but if you do, knock the nose all' hiin-tirst an' frequmt.'" "What do you know about Polonius," I demanded. . . This was a new side of Mulvaney's character. " All that Shakespeare iver wrote an' a dale more than the gallery shouted. Did I not tell you av Silver's Theatre in Dublin, whin I was younger than I am now, an' a patron of the drama ? .Ould Silver wud never pay actor man -or woman their just dues, an' by consiquince his com pin its was collapsible attlielastminut.' Thin the bboys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as hot ould Silver made thim pay for the fun. Faith, I've seen Hamlut played with a new black eye an' the Queen as full as a cornucopia. I remimber wasn't Hogin; that listed in the Black Tyrone, an' was shot in South Africa, he sejuced ould Silver into givin' him Hamlut's part iuatid av me that had fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I wint into the gallery an' began to fill "tho pit wid other people's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogin walkiu' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. 'Iiamlut,' sez I, 'there's a hole in your heeL Pull up you stocking Hamlut,' sez I. ' Hamlut, Hamlut, for the love av dacincy drop that skull an' pr.l I up your sh tockins.' The whole house began to tell him that. He shtopped his nililoquishms mid-between. 'My shtockin's may be comin' down or they may not,' sez he. screw-in* his eyes into the gallery, for well he lenew who 1 was. ' But afther this performince is over, me an' the ghost H knock tho head av ybu, Terence.' Eyah ! Those days, those ' days. Did you iver have onendin- divilment an' liothin' at all in all your whole blissed life to pay^sorr';" " fvever, without having to pay," I said. " That's _ thrue? -"Tis mane when you considher on it; but it's same wid horse or fut. A headache -if you drink, an' a- belly-ache if you ate too much, an' a heartache to kape all down.'i iFaith, the beast only gets the colic, au' he's the lucky man."—tiudyard Kipliny• 