Extraordinary Ghost Story. It would seem (says England and the Union) that Gal way is not going to be behindhand in the matter of relief iu the supernatural, judging from the state of excitement created u few nights ago by the rumour that a ghost had made its ap pearance at one of the windows of a house in Abbeygate-street, directly oppo site the sacristy of the Pro-cathedral of St. Nicholas. This house, it must be mentioned, was lately occupied by a woman who died after a short illness. Sinco her death it becamo tenanted by another person, but from some cause or other the last-mentioned left, and .the place remained unoccupied till last week. Then it was taken by another woman. On tho night it wus occupied some chil dren wore passing to attend devotions at the chapel, when they say they observed a sort of unusual light in the house, and a woman standing near the open window, who, in a sepulchral voice, said, ' Offer one prayer for me.' Some of the chil dren fainted on tho spot, and this caused others going to their devotions to inquire into tho cause. The tale of the spectre at the window spread like wild-fire, and in a quarter of an hour no less than 2000 persons had congregated outside the haunted house. The streets on each side became blocked. The crushing and jost ling to get a glimpse at the ' visitor from the other world ' was such as has never been equalled in Galway,. Several per sons were thrown down and trampled upon, and it was with the greatest diffi culty a body of police, after about three hours incessant 'labor, succeeded in clear ing the streets sufficiently to allow ped estrians and cars to pass, The tramcurs were even compelled to stand still in the streets. The following nights the same state of things have prevailed, but up to the present the real cause of the rumor has /not been satisfactorily explained. Several versions of what the object really was that created such a sensation are given, but the adult portion of the community say that 50 years ago there was also ' something seen'' in the bouse, it having been the scene of a most brutal murder — the assassination .of a 'woman j named Maxwell by her. husband. * From the description now given of the lute apparition by the children, who say they saw it, the older people say it is one and the same ghost, which has to put up alternate half-centuries in this; world and the other. Tho police are stationed near the place, where four streets meet, and it is as much as they can do to keepthecuri ous from congregating. ; It is most surf nrisinr* t.lmK »„«. found some of the .most respectable and, it might be expected, enlightened peoplo in the town, both male and female. The strangest thing of all is that,, notwith standing the thousands who congregate nightly, not one — even the police — have the courage to try to unravel the my stery. ! . - 