|C H EC KMAT'ED; j on, I A Deep-laid Plot ; By CAPTAIN W. D- L'ESTRANGE The world has gone wrong with me lately. bo to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West end clubB} and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle—the only living relative I had, excepting a half cousin—from , whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly alio wanoe, and, as the phrase goes, fiadlf great expectations." y But this was not the worst cf it. T. was ■ desperately in iove with a very pretty girl, and though no actual - engagement existed between ns, I had fondly believed that I was acceptable not only to the young lady in question, but to her parents. Now, how ever, to add torny chagrin at finding myself j comparatively without means, I fancied, lightly or -wrongly, that I was receiving ! the "cold shoulder " from the father and j mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself. decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather" expensive tastes, I bad just two . hundred pounds a year—the rental of a small landed.! property bequeathed to jne by my late father,' My debts, to; be pure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A . couple of hundred or so would pay them,; but then, again, tbat .couple of hundred, was twelve months'income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother,, from whom my chief source ( of income bad been derived, was a county squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and bos ' pitabls'as a rhle.-bnt eccentric to a degree. ■The misphief between ns had some about as i unexpected as it was sudden. I had been ac cused of tbat of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my mone tary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. John Mortimer, my half-eonsin, was a' young fellow about a year or two my junior; but somehow, although so near of an age, as well as being relatives, and frequently meet we nan never taken fcmdJy to each -u61' now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief bad stepped'between my uncle and nie had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and that it should not be my fault if be were not brought to book. . ° However, after what I have written, and innch more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused, of gambling | —of having lost upwards of Jive hundred J pounds at cards at one sitting—which was utterly false; for whatever nay failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. _ One . spring morning, after. a night journey of a couple of hundred miles- from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle'smanor. with no luggage beyond a small travelling bag and a rug. The little market town where 1 alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfast ing at the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving my en cumbrances in charge of the landlady, to , whom I was well known. I On the way, and especially when I arrived . at the park, the u'npleasant feeling was strong upon me.that myun'cle might decline i to grant ine the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tem-* pered people, his passion was soon over; and' yet, when disposed, he couichbc as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistraies had proved on many occasions. But lb my agreeable emprise 1 was told, after my ar rival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange experience to me then to have to send in my name-^that "the squire would come to me in the library at once.* - . Whatever feeling of hope migbthave been ucaft as to a 3*econci Nation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His 5o?)aEf>-?ie kindJy old face was Garfe jvitb.displeasure, and there was a cold, i contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine which Iliad never seen be for?. Have; you no sense of shame left, Gerald Mortimer/' he said in a bard voice, after he-' •had closed the door b'ehinuhim, "that you have the effrontery to come to this bouse?— you, who have disgraced the name you hear —disgraced the memory of your gallant , father, who died for his countiy—and have committed a vulgar crime against society ana me I' \- l tail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at liis .words. "If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me ns to camblino- I repudiate if now ns i did before: In fact, I aln here to day to try " -Pshaw! be interrupted. I; Honest men have gambled ; end in time I might have forgiven it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had passed. But you—yon, a Mortimer—to stoop to for gery." "It .is false," I cried false as the other charge 1 And whoever has poisoned your mind against me.dics in his teeth!" "Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire; "for, unhappily, I hold the proof that yon, my own nephew, have forged my name." And as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast pocket of bis shooting jacket a letter, from which, when unfoloed, he Droduced a smallerpiece of paper. ' * " Examine that, sir,'-' he added, "and let me hear if you have the effrontery to like wise deny your own signature ?" I could scarcely credit iny own eyesight when I looked at wliat was written within. It was a dishonored acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer Es quire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and ap parently only at vpted by my uncle. " Well, sir,"a*: c 1 he, impatiently, " what have yon to say.'" "That I have never seen tbis.document uetore to-dayI ansvrercd. " What!" be thundered. "Do you dare to oeny to me your own signature, which I Know ns well as I do my own?" "I do deny it!" I added'passionate' " The signature is so good a:'i imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might deceive even myself; but 1 swear to you, sir, tbatl never drew or accepted a bill in my life," I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed • but still, as he took the bill from me. he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for. as will presently appear, there, was some confirmatory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting:. Seeiri" that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added : " Will you please, to tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as ton are aware, in connection with that forged acceptance?" '• Yes," he replied, " that is on) v fair. As I understand.it was presented in 'due course to the London agents of my bankers who. having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with I repudiated all knowledge of Buch a draft until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to ^ave. the houor of our family, I gave instructions that it should be taken up. At the same time 1 desired that inquiries should be instituted : and the person in whose hands it was—a West-end money- lender—asserted that he discounted the bill for you, and farther, that you were known to him personally. ]fere js iijs name at the back of the hill, and what purports'to be your endorsement to him." " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glance at the forged " [ j.:now tbe man by name, but I know nothing good of bim. I have had no transactions with horn—in fact, never spoke to him in mv life." •• Yon declare this upon your honor, Gerald Mortimer?"asked my uncle, after a pause. "I do, sir," I added; "and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money-lender." "You will stay here until to-morrow," said my uncle, looking at his., watch. " I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly." " If you please, 110, sir," 1 rejoined, deter minedly. "The answering of an in famous charge like this admits of no de lay." . " But you have been travelling all night, 1 expect," added the squire, " and require some rest, surely ?" * The words were kindly meant and ex pressed, but 1 was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dogcart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning,. shortly before eleven o'clock, found me at the office of. the money-lender wbc had held the forged ac ceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he wan not. in, ana would not beat business until tbe morrow. There was but one solitary clerk in the office,a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at- me curiously, and, as it occurred to me, as though I was not un known to him ; and, moreover, on declining to give my Dame, I fancied tbe ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender's office I j strolled along Piccadilly to the park.1 Being ! "just then in the height of the Beason, and a j brilliant morning, the How was pretty fhll of equestrians, many of whom were known tome. I had been leaning over the railings for some time, but happened to turn round at the moment a carriage was passing along thecfivegoingrtTestward.' In it were seated my adorable Mabel'and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my iafiec ticns • gave me a little bow and a h&If; frightened .smile ; but, to my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouchsafed not the slightest acknowledgement to'my saluta tion. * Considering that, if not actually an ac cepted .suitor of his daughter, my preten tions had not been ignored, and that for two seasons I bad been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between an heir presumptive to much wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds a year. The following day I was to have • another odd experience of life,"but of a far. different kind.' f was to meet with a case of the most unparalleled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered"; About the same hour as on the previous morning I once, more called at the office of the money lender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into iis private room, unannounced as to name. He was young, wen-dressed, and not bad look ing, and recei ved me "with a very cool nod, " When I teli you that I am Mr. Gerald . Mortimer," I said,"you will guess the ob ject of my visit." I "There is no occasion to give me.your j name." was the copl rejoinder, " for f have j •too much cause to remember it and yon. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, bow you ' have the assurance^. to show your lace here again after foisting upon me a forged . bill." s " You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, "you know this is the first rime that ever,you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I Aave had.i transactions with you I"- ... «f Go on,.my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. "Ho," I .added, " I have nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forged, or connived at the forgery, of both my uncle's signature and mine", and you shall suffer for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as'.I walked out of his room—a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I-.got into the street. "• Once clear of his infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotland Tard. and place •the matter in the; hands of the 'police authorities; /and.I actually went some dis tance towards Charing Gross with that in tention in my mind. A little thought, how ever, induced me to .'decide upon; taking the advice of an old friend'of mine before doing ! anything further. He was a man my senior by only a year or two—for we bad been , school fellows—but one upon whose good offices and knowledge of the''world I could ■ ^thoroughly rely O" reaching his chambers in the Albany be received me kindly. Then, when he had lislened to my story, he said : '* A rascally business, Gerald, my boy,and I question if your first idea at going direct to Scotland Yard would not have ,bqen the best thing you could have done. However, there will be nothing- lost by waiting until to-morrow. Dine with me to-night, go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before we part." "Agreed!" I answered; and having gone home to dress 1 joined my friend later on. Over dinner he told me that he bad already come to the conclusion that I must see the police, and ic was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the following morning. It was rather late when we got to CovCnt Garden Theatre, but we were in time tor the last two acts o£ the opera, and stayed oat the ballet. On get ting down into the lobby there was a bit o£ a crush, for there had been a very full bouse, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed against me—rudely, as it seemed—and I turned to see who was the agressor. To my astonishment I dis covered that the man standing nearest to me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money lender with vrhom I had bad the interview that morning. He was evidently only wait ing to see tiie people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met there wos an insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly tbe push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent lobk were not, and without a thought of where I was—that ladies were almost touching me on the other side—I. struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in the mouth, and he went down with a crash. It was all over i.n a few seconds. Some people came be- ! tween us, iny friend seized me'bythe arm, and presently we were in a handsome cab, being driven westward. Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. "In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that you should knock him down like that?" "Done tome!" I answered, hotly. "It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day— the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill." " Oh, oh 1" ejaculated ray friend, laughing ; softly; "I understand it all now. Never theless, yon would have been a wiser man if you bad kept your hands off him." '■ 1 could not help it," I rejoined. "He pushed against tne as we were coming out, and if you had seen tbe sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done a9 I did if you had been in my place." " Perhaps," was the admission, " but any how we must be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a maeistrate instead of ourselves." The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to take us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which, my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In tbe smoke room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, mid amongst them a Guards man in unifornrwho had been on duty, and looked in on bis way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke room—a pale and affrighted look on. his face—with the startling announce ment that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two later met my eyes. Lying on one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in tbe last terrible con vulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there all was over. Apoplexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body and the inquest had been held, Tbe cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I re turned to my rooms. Lying on tiie table i found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it be confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenga, to having forged my name. to the bill and our unole's acceptance of it. His accomplice,, the money-lender, bo further stated, was to have the proceeds for con. niving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, bad been the one to suggest tbe scheme for ruining "me. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible i delay. In the interval the police - had been at work, but their endeavors to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless.: Hts. clerk was found at the office, but professed to know nothing, and bis master, so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. .He had drawn a large cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous afternoon, and tbe last that was known of him .waB when X. knocked -him down at Co vent- Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favor and to my old position as to " expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. 