THE STORYTELLER St. Katherine's by the Tower. By Wax/tee Besant. Chaptee XXX.— EVIL HEART AND EVIL EYE. The end of the wretched man Archer and the con dition to which he was now reduced were far worse than the misfortunes he had succeeded in bringing upon his victims. No single circumstance, indeed, was wanting in the horror of his fate. He was suddenly hurled down from the place where he stood among gentlemen of fortune, himself regarded as an acknow ledged son, if not the heir, of a noble lord, to a prison cell. One day he ruffled and flaunted in Hyde Park among the best, he dined sumptuously, he was dressed 111 splendid raiment, he gambled and dined with half the House of Lords ; the next day he was plunged into a common gaol. From St. James's-street to New gate is a great and terrible drop. Nor was this all ; ior in the crowd which gathered round the group before tlie constables came to take him in custody were some ?of the light-fingered gentry, who eased him of hand kerchief, his watch and seals, and his purse, and, even under the pretence of preventing liis escape, the rings upon them and took the gold buckles from his shoes They left him no thing. Nay, as they hustled and dragged him from the garden the crowd followed, and threw dust and gra vel at him : they tore his coat to rags ; they would have torn him to pieces but for the constables who protected him. When he was brought at last to the prison he presented a sad. and sorry spectacle in deed — Ins coat of flowered silk bedab bled with dirt and blood, his hat gone, and his head covered with mud. Now when his man servant heard, an lionr or two later, what had happened, he behaved with un common prudence and forethought ; for he immediately put together the whole of liis master's effects, namely, a large sum of money in gold, a great quantity of val uable clothes, his rings, jewels, swords, fencing-foils, pistols — everything that he possessed ; he called a hackney-coach, told the landlord that his master was called suddenly out of town and would return shortly, and drove away. Whither he went was never as certained : but then nobody inquired. At break of day the same excellent servant re paired to the stables where his master kept his horses, rode oft' upon one and led the other, returned inhalf au hour and drove away his master's curricle and pair. What the servant did with this splendid spoil I know not, for, as I said above, no body ever inquired. So he lost his free dom and all the wealth that was left to him. He had no thing left even to con - duct his defence withal. The impu dent little attorney who pretended to de fend us would do nothing for him with out money. One more loss awaited him. He borrowed some paper, and wrote to Lord Aldeburgh, despatch ing the letter by one of the prison messen gers. The man re turned with the dole ful newsthat his lord ship was dead. He had been found dead in his chair that very morning at 1 1 o'clock. Had he lived, it is only reasonable to suppose that the pri soner's case would have been properly handled aud de fended. He had, therefore, nothing left : not a sixpence in his poc ket : not a friend in the world : not even a change of clothes. Ha vim;: nothing- to give for garnish, he was treated with the utmost harshness, loaded with the heaviest irons, thrust into the common felons' side, where he raged at first like a wild beast, insomuch that his fellow prisoners, rough and rude though they were, fell back before him as he dragged his fetters up and down the yard, until weariness and hunger compelled him to rest. Again, as he had no money, there was nothing for him to eat except the rations of bread doled out daily among the poorest prisoners. Nay, there was no prisoner in the place but had some friend, mistress, or wife who brought him every day sometliing — however small and poor — to eke out his bread-and-water-diet. But for him, who had made so brave and gallant a show, there was no one. As for his mother, who would have come to him had she known of his evil case, she was lying ill of some fever, and like to die : therefore they could not tell her — nor did the poor woman ever learn the dreadful end that had befallen her son, for when she recovered, she was found to have lost some of her wits, and though she still contrived to work with her needle for the ladies, she chose to believe that her son was now a great lord, and spoke of him as his lordship. I love not to linger over the sufferings of this uu- _ happy man, though he deserved them all, and more. A fortnight later, the Grand Jury, having, without the least hesitation, found a true bill against Richard Archer for wilful murder, he was brought out and placed at the bar of the Sessions House to stand his i trial. j At the aspect of the prisoner the whole Court ? shuddered. He was gaunt and pale, because, since his imprisonment, he had lived upon nothing but i bread aud water. This fare, for one who came t® it j from the fea stings of BelCeshazzar, was little short of i sheer starvation. He looked like a man more than starved. His clothes were the same as those in which he had been brought to the prison : they were dirty and ragged : his silken waistcoat was discoloured, and still showed the horrid stains of blood : his silk stock ings were in holes, and his coat hung upon him in rags. But these were nothing compared with his face, on which misery and despair were stamped. One who was present told me that he should never forget the face of the man — strange, wild, covered with a black beard, the forehead high and pale, the black eyes fierce and wrathful, the black hair lying loose upon his shoulders. ' So,' said my informant, ' might j have stood some ancient British savage brought to hear his doom, but knowing full well that he must die. Not afraid to die, but anxious to get the busir ness despatched, glaring uijoji hjs captors like a wild beast,' He seemed to take little interest in the progress of hiB case, about which there could be no doubt whatever from the beginning. The bookseller and his daughter appeared to give evidence ; thej' de scribed the circumstances of the quarrel, and the fatal stab : the waiter from whom he had snatched the knife, the surgeon who had attended the dying man. one of the constables who had arrested luni— in turn gave their evidence. The prisoner heard, or seemed not to hear — with a proud carelessness — looking from time to time fiercely round the Court as if he sought some means of escape, and then relapsing into an in indifference which was as wonderful as it was un common. Finally, however, when the Judge called upon him to say what he had to say in his own defence, he spoke up and spoke well, though not persuasively. '? It is true,' he said ; his words aud the manner of his delivery — which were thofe of a person well educated — strangely contrasting with his appearance. ' It is most unhappily true that I stabbed this man. and I suppose it is also true that the wound inflicted by my hand caused his death. Everything stated by the witnesses is true. I did not ask them any ques tions because I had 110 desire to waste the time of the Court in even suggesting that their evidence was not true. I wish, however, to recall to the jury a certain part of the evidence which will. I am convinced, cause them to acquit nie of any desire to kill this man. I had been drinking : being, as they say, flushed with the fumes of wine. I kissed a girl who | was in the gardens with her friends : that was the I beginning of the accident. Her lover— I do not blame I him therefor — resented this insult and knocked me down, a thing not difficult for a powerful man, who is also sober, in dealing with one who is not so strong and is also in liquor. He did this in the rage and fury of the moment, incensed by the outrage upon his mistress— I do not blame him — I only speak the truth. He assailed me without distinguishing or perceiving who I was. Gentlemen of the jury, when I sprang to my feet I discovered — and at the same time he also discovered the fact — that I bad before me a man who regarded me as his most bitter enemy, the most deadly enemy that he had in the world. Observe that I regarded him, for my part, with no such feeling. Why did he look upon me with so much hostility r You have heard the Counsel for the Crown give the reason. Because, 011 a certain occasion, two years ago, I was the fortunate instrument of saving His Majesty's Government — nay — this whole country, and especially the city of Loudon, and the property of you its citizens — from a great and imminent danger. Without my evidence, my patriotism, my sense of duty, tho city would have been seized by a revo lutionary mob', and such things would have happened here as have happened in France. Alone I saved you — I nipped the conspiracy iu the bud — I gave informa tion which caused the failure of one seditious rising, and prevented five others in different parts of the town from coming to a head. I11 the trial which followed, tin's pian who died by jnv hand was one of ? tlie prisoners. I11 consequence of my evidence, he was convicted oi high treason, and, with three other conspirators, condemned to death. Tlie King's clemcney changed th'.-ir sentence in his case into a short term of imprisonment. Gentlemen, that man had been my friend. Why did I denounce him r To save my country. What' pay did I receive for my services r None. Are you satisfied that he thought he had good reasons for hating me ' This man. I say, was my enemy. Remember, he was wholly devoid of piety, religion, or principles. He had been expelled from Oxford University : he was an Atheist, a revolutionary, an upholderof the theory that all men are equal : he was also a desperate man. Since his disgrace liis parents had turned him off. and would see 110 more of him. I believe he had entered the service ef the worthy man whose evidence you have heard, and persuaded him to allow some form of engagement with liis daughter, whose evidence you have also heard. Well, when this man recognised me. he began by pouring out a volley of blasphemous abuse : then lie made as if he would again rush upon me. I was by this time partly sobered, yet not quite myself. With the instinct common to us all. of self- preservation. I snatched the knife from the waiter's tray. You have heard the man give his evidence. When we were separated, ! , the knife had pierccd his ribs : lie v.-as dying. Acci- ! 1 dent, accident, gentlemen of the jiuy : 'homicide bv ' chance medley. Why should I wish to kill him '{ ? I had everything to live for ; he had nothing. Desperate as he was, and out of himself with l^ge, he would have murdered me if I had not; bv tljis accident, slain him. Unfortunate accident, t call it, since it has overwhelmed me with the odium of murder, plunged me into the society of the greatest villains in the world, and deprived me of all . my friends and all my means, so that I cannot appear before you now in decent attire. Better for me had this desperate villain choked the life out of me on the spot. More he said — much more ; but it was all said coldly, aud convinced 110 one. The Judge, in summing up, pointed out that the whole of the evidence showed that the prisoner was the assailant when he had gained possession of the knife. He it was who began the fatal assault. The facts of the case, he said, were plain according to the law of the land. One man had been killed by another : that was certain. He then pointed out the distinction between homicide and murder ; aijd he concluded by charging the jury that, by the law of the land and the evidence before them, this case was murder, and not homicide. So the wise woman's prediction became true. All that this man had designed for others had recoiled upon himself ; he had ruined George Bayssallance ; he had robbed him of father, mistress, friends, and wealth; he had brought him to the condemned cell ; but for his own change of fortunes he would have brought him to the gallows. All this happened to himself, all this and more ; he lost -his father, his mistress, and his friends ; be lost his worldly goods; he was brought to the condemned cell. And here the resemblance ends, because he was brought to the gal lows. They hanged hini three days af forwards outside Newgate. It is a custom that con demned murderers are kept in their cells be tween the time of sentence and that of execution guarded by warders, for fear they shall commit suicide, and so rob the gallows, that they are fed on bread and water, and only taken out fpr the service in the chapel 011 Sunday morning, and the ser mon addressed to those who are about to die1. Richard Archer re mained hard and im penitent to the end,' showing not the least sign 01 terror or anxiety. He talked, however, freely to those who guarded , him. 'The day before I killed the fellow,' he said not once, but many times, in sub stance, ' ' I was rich aud fortunate ; I had a noble patron ; 1 had horses and curricles ; I had a loving mis tress ; I had many friends ; everything wentat once — money , patron, love, and iriends. All were taken from me at once. Job himself was out more evil-treated. All were taken at once. Why, there is 110 life worth having but the life of wealtn and luxury. Sinco that is gone, let me go too. 1 care nothing. 1 have nothing to re pent. Since all that lias been done is due to (In circumstances of my birth, which we call an qccident, the blame may fall upon those circum stance:?, not upon me. I did not create or causc thore circums tances. Had 1 been asked I should have chosen rank aud wealth. Since I can not have these I may as well die at once as live in misery. And if I must die a rope is as good a way as the surgeon's knife or the torture of asick cham- ber. After death the surgeons are welcome to my body.' Aud so he diefL At any hauging, whether at Tytyurn — where hangings are 110 longer held — or outside the prison, there is always con gregated a great mob ox people, who. takq pleasure in the spec tacle ; all the win dows, and even the roofs of the houses which command a view of the gallows, are filled with spectators. The mob are attracted bv the spectacle of death, pain, aud suffering. 'They throng the pillory as eagerly as the gallows; and 111 countries where until lately they tortured criminals in public, the mob would gather round the miserable wretch, trampling each otner down to get a nearest view of his agonies. Thus, on the morning of Richard Archer s execution, the open place opposite Newgate and St. Sepulchre's Church was crowded witii a dense throng of people to see the brave show. Eight oihers were to suffer with him, A rare hanging' Some of them had stood there all night long, wait patiently in order to get near the gallows, and to catch sight of the faces ot the poor wretches ; others had risen early in the morning and hurried to the spot in hope of being in time. They were crying the Last Dying Speech and Con. fessioii, and hawlciug the ball axis with which murders are always celebrated , they were selling early purl, saloop, and beer, from booths in Newgate-street. I here was nothing but laughing, merriment and horseplay. Of seriousness theie was none. Hi'b up 111 a garret window, exactly opposite the gallows', and commanding a complete view of the whole ceremony might have been seen the faces of two verr old people. One of them was an old man. his face soft and white: bis long hail- silky; his eyes dull: his hands soft and white, though the r.lnn wa& wrinkled She came in at the open door. George heard nothing. She stepped within, she laid her hand upon his shoulder. He turned quickly, and caught her in his amis. ' SYLVIA ! Coxcr/rsiox of Stoey with age. He was dropping fast into senile decay. The other was an old woman, keen, and eager ; her eyes bright ; her' actions full of life. They leaned their heads out of ' the window, and looked down ujion tlie crowd, aud upon the gallovy below. The jgreat bell of St. Sepulchre's began to toll the knell for the parting souls. The crowd heard it, and were' hushed ; hut, only for a moment. Then. they began again to shout' and laugh. ' Boom ! Boom I The bell is for the d}ring men. Yet they continue to bawl these ballads and their Last Dying Speech and Confession, Boom ! Room ! Yet they; continue to light, and push, and drink and sing, Hush ! The clock strikes S. The crowd are hushed again, for the little door opens, and the procession appears. Boom ! Boom! Those who are to die are brought out. Count them. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Boom ! Boom ! The seventh is the gentleman who stabbed the man iu Vauxhall Gardens. They say he is the son of a great nobleman. They say the blood is still to he seen in the Broad Walk. It is daily covered up with fresh gravel, but daily reappears ! Boom ! Boom ! He walks with courage, this fellow ; he is game. It is a pleasure to see so resolute a man. The two who are carried are women condemned for shoplifting ; they are senseless with terror, and have fainted. Best for them if they wake not till they find themselves — where 'i ' Look ! cried the old woman in the garret. ' Look, Jack. There is one poor wretch laughing. I suppose he hath gone mad ; often they go mad ; and there is another staggering about like a drunken man ; I suspect his fear hath made him drunk. And there is one who moves his lips continually ; the Ordinary's prayers are not enough for him ; he must be a very great criminal, indeed. There is another who weeps ; his eyes run down with tears ; he is very contrite. I wish they would respite him, poor creature. I love not to see a man cry just because he is going to be hanged. Look at the two women : they are like sacks : can't the hussies have the decency to stand up at their own hanging? And look at Richard Archer. Ha!' she drew a deep breath, ' I told his Lordship you and me would jump at his son's hanging. Why, it does one good only to see him. His father's son, proud and hard. Look at him ! a proper young man he is ; look at him, Jack, aud remember thirty years ago and more.' Richard Archer' neither wept nor staggered, nor fainted away, nor did he laugh. He walked firm, composed, and resolute ; he looked calmly around upon the sea of upturned faces below : he had even ' made some decent preparations for death, having dressed his long hair, and tied it behind in a white ribbon ; by the kindness of his warders he had been shaved and liis face washed ; he had put off his ragged coat, and stood in his old silk waistcoat ; his cheeks were pale, but his eyes were fnll of courage. ' That is where the good blood shows,' said- the old woman. (i Such an one would scorn to cry and moan even if you cut him iu pieces with a blunt knife. I wonder if he sees us ; I should like him to catch sight of me. He might remember what I told him when I read his fortune by the cards. They always come true.' She waved a handkerchief from the window. ' I have caught his eye,' she cried. ' He sees me.' Whether he did or not the old woman nodded her head aud shook her fingers to admonish the dying man of her presence. The old man began to grumble aud to growl, in a deep bass voice, things strange and incoherent, but his wife took little heed. Though every other word was au oath, these need not be set down here. They may be inferred by the reader if he pleases. ' See,' he said, 'here comes the Captain.' He remembered his face. ''Now we shall begin. Pipe all hands, boVn. Hang him ! .Why didn't I hit him harder r Why didn't I kill him r As well be hanged for killing as for mutiny, aiid so one more tyrant out of the world;', 'Jack,' said his wife, 'it is his son. Your old captain is dead ; that is his son — as like his father as one pea is like another. Your old man died a fort night ago. Who killed him ? I killed him, Jack, I killed him ; but you've forgotten. You forget every thing. I told him about his son. I told him that tlie 'man he thonght to hang was living still, and resolved to see his lordship's own son hanged outside Newgate Gaol. Ho! Since you and me are one, Jack, you did kill him after all. That should be a comfort to you.' 'A noble crowd of boats,' said the old man, his eyes wandering like his thoughts. ' All the wherries of Portsmouth Harbour, and all the girls of Gosford town and Point come out to see a sailor hung at the yardarm. A brave sight, isn't it V A fine morning. t°o — just such a morning as one would choose. Fresh breeze, and blue sky, and dancing water : and here we are, in the middle of the fleet— the great fleet of the King's ships, and all the crowds to see. A good example, lads. You must follow a gcod example. But do it better— Mil the tyrant ! Kill him ! Don't let him live to see you hanged. A fine morning in deed. Spithead, with a fleet riding at anchor^ is a lovely spot. There's Southsea 'Castle on the beach. and the Isle of Wight 011 the other side, and the Solent filled with merchantmen waiting for convoy. Look at his cruel white face and his black eyes. Why ' — with a horrid imprecation — ' why — why didn't I kill him ? I shall never forgive myself. Never — no, never. Who'd have thought,' he went on again, more cheerfully, ' so many would turn out to see me die — me ? Why, I looked to die down below , among the wounded men, with a surgeon chopping at iny legs I Look at Jiis cruel black eyes, I say Jand the sneer on his lips. Ah! ? ' He saw nothing but. as he thought, the cruel face of his captain : he was uo longer looking at the gibbet outside Newgate : he was back again on board his last ship, brought forth for execution : he was taking lvs last look at Spithead and the Solent ; he was in the middle of the fleet, aud the sea was crowded with boats come out to see him die. His wife made 110 reply. Her lips q ui vered, aud the teal's stood in her eyes at the sight of the poor wretches standing all in a row while the hangman proceeded with his task. But at sight of the last of the row — at. Richard Archer — she hardened. She felt no pity for the son of the man by whose cruelty her husband was so nearly brought to death. Heady,' said the sailor. ' Why, this is better than to be tied'ui) for five hundred. Good-bye, lads, all. Under the left ear, mate — so. _ Turn me off quick. Where's the captain ? I don't see the captain ? ' At this moment the hangman drew the cap over Archer's h( ad. He was the last of the nine. There then fell uj 011 the crowd an awful hush ; you could hear the catching of the breath ; you could see the shudder that ran through all : and the voice of the Ordinary was heard plain and clear : ' Man that is born of a woman hath but a short time to live, and is full of misery. He cometh up and is cut down like a flower.' Then the ropes tightened and the mob roared and howled, yet once more stillness fell upon them, and he Ordinary's voice was heard again : ' Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord ; even so, saith the Spirit; for they rest from their labours.' Then the riot began again, and 110 more was heard. Thus died Richard Ai'cher. Whether he truly had the fatal gift of the Evil ?Eye I know not, nor can we ever find out. Whether by his malignity, or by his passion for Sylvia., the disasters of which you have now heard a complete account fell upon us,orwhether they were sent in the wisdom of Providence, I do not attempt to decide. Permitted by Providence, they certainly must have been. Thus he died, a criminal, aud by a shameful death, who might have lived long and done an honest life's work in a respectable posi tion, but for the unfortunate circumstances of his birth, aud for his own evil temper and inordinate ambitions. He went to meet his Judge in such a frame of mind as causes one to tremble. Perhaps the Lord is more merciful than men imagine. ' Come, Jack,' said the old woman presently. ' It is all over. The Captain's son has gone to join his father. You've waited for your revenge for thirty vears and more. But it's come at last. It's come at last, old man. Why, Jack, what's the matter ? what's the matter, I say ?' Then the old man sat bolt upright ; his eyes closed ; his -face white with the liallor of death; his jaw dropped. He died in his dream of Spithead and the fleet, and the morning when he was to have been taken out aud hanged at the yard-arm. Chapter XXXI. -CONCLUSION. My history is almost finished. Most of those who took part in these scenes have passed away. As for me, I occupy my father's place, and am now High Bailiff at St. Katherine's. I live, as he did, in the Master's house, and have the use of his garden and his orchard ; da ily we hear the service of morning prayer in the church. Since I took my trial for high treason — a thing now clean forgotten and gone out of mind, so that I be lieve there is not one person in the Precinct knows anything about it, or suspects that the High Bailiff of 'St. Katherine's was once condemned to death for high treason — many grea* events have happened. The war which began that year continued, as all the world knows, to rage almost without intermission for twenty years and more. Every monarchy in Europe, save alone Russia and the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, was overthrown, and for the time subjugated. A man without family, without wealth, influence, cr friends, succeeded in mounting the proudest throne of the world, in placing his brothers — men of 110 abilitv — on other thrones, and in deposing or humiliating Kings and Emperors. What good did these things for liberty ? Nothing. The very name of Liberty was lost : it was eclipsed aud forgotten by the name of Glory. Who can estimate the number of those slaughtered for the glory of this one man? Who can enumerate — nay, the brain is unable to comprehend — all the ruined towns, all the children made orphans, all the women made widows, all the, families reduced to starvation during these years of continual war ? Now that peace has come back again, and w'e can sit down and count the cost, we perceive that the cause of Liberty, for thfe sake of which these wars began, seems lost for 'ever. All the things for which the French people rose in_ insurrec tion, for which our own Corresponding Societies, our Constitutional Associations, and qur Friends of the People were founded, have been fbrgotten and lost. Yet must I still believe that they. will revive ; not, perhaps, in my lifetime, but in the next generation. When a true word has been once 6poken, it Ijves ; you cannot kill it. We have declared for the true . Representation of the People ; well, for the time that cry has been drowned and forgotten. But let us wait. I no longer (because I am uo longer young) think that the Kingdom of Heaven will begin when all men have acquired the equal rights to which they are born —a thing which I stall believe, in spite of the suffer ings and rude lessons which I have endured. The ( advancement of humanity, I also truly believe, will become possible only when there are no more slaves, 110 more privileged classes, no longer an hereditary nobility, when all the offices in the country, highest and lowest, are thrown open to those destined for them by Heaven in the possession of the noblest gifts. In short, my imprisonment, my exile, my sufferings liave not been able to extinguish in my soul the Re publican principle. All the old things continue — and those worse than ever. The nobility, of whom I know nothing, never having so much as spoken to one of them, is reported to nave become more inso lent, more overbearing, than ever, because the long war and the increased value of the land have made them far richer than ever they were before ; the people seem, though this cannot really be so, more ignorant and more brutish, if possible, than they were formerly ; they lie for the most part in silence ; they have no hope ; they see no chanae of making their voice to be heard : only from the North of England, where the men who work in the factories think and reason, come murmurs — I believe they are growingmurmurs — in the old strain ; the Republicans of the United States, who might be an example to us, are utterly unknown to our people ; we never go to them, and they never come to us : it is rumoured that they continue in au unmean iiig animosity towards us ; nay, this is proved by their conduct a few years since, wheu, in the midst of our struggle for life or death against the tyrant of the Continent and against the mightiest despotism that ever was arrayed in arms since the world began, they chose to declare a wanton and unjust war against us. Everything is dark and menacing ; black clouds over head ; gloom aud the silence of despair around. Let us have patience; the old spirit will revive: tlie century is young; some yet remain of the old advocates for freedom. As I said above, the true word has been pronounced; I myself may yet live to 1 see the first great step in the restoration to the peopie of their own Parliament. That once achieved, tlie j rest may follow if only tlie people are true to them- , selves. _ _ | T11 this humble comer, tliis quiet Precinct, I now j sit and watch mankind, looking for the revival of the 1 old generous thoughts. Around me during my fifty I years of life there has grown up a new town filled j with the rudest and roughest population, working men, tradesmen, sailors, and those who live by sailors. I think of the prophecy uttered by the Prebendary when he foresaw in the future such a work for St. Katherine's Hospital among the ignorant people of this great new town as had never been contemplated by its founders. The Church, he said, shall win back the hearts of these poor folk so long neglected ; St. j Katherine's is the Westminster Abbey of the East ; j she is rich, and she grows richer daily : she belongs, with her wealth and her noble church, to our people, and to none but them : she shall become their proud possession ; she shall lead them Heavenwards. Let us return to Parramatta. 1 Our letters gone, we sat down, thinking we should have a year and a-half, at least, to wait before we I could receive a reply. i Well, I was 110 longer a Royal Marine. I had 110 j more drill or sentry-go. I went about no longer in that terror of sergeant or lieutenant which constantly j fills tlie soul of the private soldier. For, mark you, j though the man be so far gone in brutality as not to j feel disgraced bv flogging, his shoulders are as sensitive j to the pain of tne lash as those of any fine gentleman, j It is a shame to the nation, which is iu this respect 110 j better than the Muscovite, that an officer should have the power to order any man to be flogged as long as he chooses. Let mutineers be shot, not torn to pieces ; since men must be flogged, let the power of the officers be restricted. Being, therefore, now free to live as I pleased, I lived with George, and became, with him, a fanner, in a climate which rewards the toil of the ploughman by rich and noble crops, where the winter has neither frost nor snow, and the summer is only too hot for a week or two, when the wind blows from the interior. But one should be bom in the place in order to be contented to dwell therein. For myself, I listened daily for some voice across the ocean— the great silent, empty ocean — where there are no ships save here and there one sailing slowly across its desolate face, with its cargo of convicts coming to mock, with their misery and their vice, the blue Australian skies and the sweet Australian calm. George, if he felt this longing, kept it within liis own breast. In the evenings, when work was done, we sat for the most part in silence. Why should we chatter when each knew what was in the other's soul ? Parramatta is about fifteen miles from Sidney. We were too far to hear the salute on the arrival or the departure of a ship : but when one came the news it brought, or the letterr, reached us commonly in two or three days, because you may imagine that his Majesty's mails between Sydney and Parramatta are not carried to and fro with the regularity of the London post. Yet the fact of a ship's arrival reached the people of the smaller settlements on the same day. The birds of the air carry the news ; the breezes spread it abroad; there is no semaphore, and there is no mail coach ; yet the tidings spread like lightning throughout the colony. It was growing towards sunset on a lovely day in October, which is the month of spring in Australia. Work was done, and I was preparing a supper of pork fried in slices, with cabbage and potatoes and onions — what the housewife calls bubble-and-squeak —a toothsome dish. George was cleaning up the room. -? Shall we have a letter to-morrow ? ' I said, hand ling the frvingpan. ' No time for au answer yet. We must wait another year, lad,' he replied. 'There, things are ship -shape, now. The house is not so bad. If she comes I shall build another room, so that we may have two ; the gardens look well, now. If she comes, I sav.' He sat down 011 ' box which did service for a chair. - 'If she comes,' he repeated. 'If she comes. I - say the same words all day long. Why should she come ? It is too much to expect. We must not look for it. Yet she wrote that she wished to come. Well — it is as I said long ago, when the poor child was bewitched — I have had my share of love. Sylvia is too good for me.' ' If I know my sister,' I replied, ' she will come. If the ship is not wrecked by storm or cast away upon some rock, she will come. Cheer up, George. Here is your supper.' With that I tossed the bubble-and-squeak into the dish and served it up, hot and hot. We had biscuit from the stores, but sometimes we made our own bread just as we brewed our own beer — and very good beer too — cut 'out and sewed our own clothes, built our own house, made our own furniture, and, in fact, did everything for ourselves. George sighed, but cheerfully. He was grown grave in those days, it must be confessed that his trials were many ; but he was not melancholy, aud he preserved an excellent appetite for supper. The sun was getting low : it was already half- past (5, or thereabouts. Now as we sat I was facing the door, and George was sitting with his back to it. The oidy window of the cabin was one 011 the right hand of the door provided with a shutter to keep out the night-air, but of course there was 110 glass, not even of the old-fashioned kind, to say nothing of the modern sash. We had finished supper ; we had drunk our mugs of beer : there was nothing left but to sit outside for an hour or two while George smoked a pipe of tobacco — a sailor very easily falls into this habit — and so to bed. Then I suddenly saw a gho§t. I heard 110 footstep, I saw a faoe — the face of Sylvia looking in at the window. I started — I should have jumped up and run out, but she lifed her finger. 1 understood. It was no ghost, then. It was Sylvia herself come out to us. She came in at the open door. George heard noth ing. She stepped within, she laid her hand upon his shoulder. He turned quickly, and caught her in his arms. ' SYLVIA !' THE end. THE GENERAL ELECTIONS.— POSTING THE RETURNS IN FRONT OF THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD AND SYDNEY MAIL OFFICES. [See Page 1439.] 