&ERE; AND THERE. The London correspondent of the_ Leeds Mercury saya that it is perfectly oertain that Prince Biamarok's autobiography will appear early in 1891. The work will not be printed in Germany. Tho Prince wan afraid that if ho published it in Germany ho might be required to suppreBa particular passages, and he has therefore arranged to issue the work-in Paris. It is now being printed in the French capital, and jta publication is certain tp prodtlBe tttuch stir in Europe. $or aiterine his certificate of birth, so that he might compete for a musioal prize, a youth was sentenced to two months' - hard labour at the Manchester Assizes. The judge said he had power to pass sentence of penal servitude for life. _ . A.n Austrian inventor haB designed a shell containing .oil to be fired by ships in Btormy weathefr, with o view to calm the billowB ahead of them. -It consists of a wooden cylinder about a foot arid a half in length, containing about two-thirds of a lb. of oil, and lined inside with ahellao to prevent the oil penetrating the wood. When fired from a mortar, a phoBphide of calcium light, carried by the shell, shows its position ; and the oil, displaced by the water, spreads over the surface , of the sea, A single shell ia capable of oalmincf a space of more than 1000 square yards. Of several railway projects now receiving attention, that of a line from European Russia, aorosB Siberia, to Vladivostock, is the greatest. It will coat some £75,000,000, and will, of course, be many years m the course of construction j but it is on© of the probabilities of the near future. Then the Suez Canal Company is pushing on with a Deoanville railway along the oanal bank be tween Ismailia and Part Said, and when thiB is finished railway connection will be com p'eto-a fact of some, importance in view of the possible sinking of a Russian vessel in the Suez Oanalat an awkard juncture. There are rumours, too, respecting an intercon tinental American railway to connect the systems of North America with those of the southern continent ; but, ao far, this pro posal can hardly be said to have taken tangible shape. Country Editors (aays an Argus sketch writer), BB is generally known, have to be adviaera-general to all their subscribers " I lost two subBOribers ih one day," aaya a poor fellow in much tribu lation, " and through this ouraed loouats plague, too-locusts and some other plagues, that iB. Do you see 1 ' A1 wrote-' We have got twina, we have, and we want to know how to get them over te6thmg Teething twins are a serious trouble when mixed up with barves* work and grass hoppers; and I took trouble to consult .im potent authority to get him out a sound answer. ' A' was the man with the twins. ' B' wrote about the grasshoppers, and I gave him also sound advice J but then 1 put the answers to the wrong letterB, and when they got the paper A (twins) read-4 Cover them carefulty with Btcaw, and set fire to them, and the little pests, after jumping about in the flames foe a few minutes, ml speedily be settled ; while B (graBBhoppers) found himself advised as follows ;-4 Give a little castor oil, and rub their gums gently with a bone ring." He has lost two sub scribers though th%t little mishap in V ictoria. What would or would not have happened to him in Colorado ? . Baron Rothschild, one day entered anold curiosity, shop to buy some paintings. The dekler was all attention ; he brought out all his rare old pictureB, dusted them, and set them in the beat light. "Look at this Rembrandt; quite authentic. Monsieur le Baron." " Authentic, you say ? You have got there a Raphael of the first^ style which is a good deal more authentic^ Oh ! oh!" said the dealer ; " why you are a con noiaaour, MonBieur le Baron." " 11 observed Rothschild, with ft sigh ; u if I had gone into the old curiosity business I should have made a fortune 1" An inhabitant of JWriden, aged 45, a couch-painter by trade, has had a ^ Bevere attack of hiccough, the like of which has perhaps never been known. It lasted with out interruption 12 days and 9 hours. The doctors consider it very extraordinary _ that the man ha3 aurvived, as in the opinion of Hippocrates- disputed by Galen, but gene rally accepted by the medical profession-no person can have the hiccough for nine days :u' BUCoeBsion without giving up tho ghost with his last hiccough on the ninth day. A bunch of grapea ia worn instead of flowers upon the dress by the American damsel who wishes to be in the height of the fashion. Just now fruit is considered more auitable than flowers; so tho belle choo'aea deep purple grapes for her light costumes, and white ones for dark toiIetteB, and fixes them ta the front of the bodice with a jewelled pin. The postal authorities of the United States are about to issue seathetio poatcarda in dainty colours, and 6a!iff»ani aays that sooiety ia "pleasurably fluttered at the idea." So it ought to be, for the old oarda are to give place to " pretty little oblong tabletB of subdued tints in rose, blue, and The troubles in the London Post Office have not yet ceased. A short time ago . it waa the poatmen ; now it iB the clerks with whom the difficulty ocour». In New South Wales the Poat-offioe.employeea appear to be fairly satisfied, but the head of the depart ment goes out oh strike agaiiiBD the Supreme Court. The London Miasionary Society's steamer John Williams has arrived from a long cruiae in the South Sea islands. She brings news of an epidemic of meislea and dysentery which occasioned great mortality at the Gilbert Group, and also an alarming outbreak of leprosy atPenrhyn Island, many inhabi tants having died. An esp.'rienco of hurri cane weather waa reported in the group On arrival at Raratonga Captain Turpio learnt that on 20th November a fierce hurricane squall had passed over tho islands of Aitutaki, Manouai, Atue, Mauko and Nulturo, doing groat damage, blowing down houses and up rooting bread fruit and cocoanut trees whion had Btood the teat of many severe blows pre viously. As the result of the Btorm Captain Turpie mentions that there will be no copra from some of the islands during »he next 12 months. At Aitutaki, the schooner Julia Price, formerly ef Auckland but latterly owned by the chiefs and people of Aituaki, was lying off and on when the hurricane Btruck her. The voasol foundered, and nine lives were lo't, all of natives of Aitutaki and Palmers!on Islands. Other drowning fatal ities were reported. Three Aitutukians were iu a' whale boat fishing inside the lagoon when the gale came on, and they were blown over the Barrier Reef and perished. Two other natives resident oti Aitutaki, but | natives of Arorai, were fishing in a canoe in the lagoon. They wero also blown to sea and drowned. 'Ihe Goulburn River weir, the contract for which was acoepted in April, 1887, has been finished, and IB miles of tho channel on the west side of tho river are now under contract, When complete, the ohannel will give a full supply of water to the Rodney Irrigation Trust, and a partial aupply to the Eohuca and Waranga Trust. The work was delayed by the unusually high and protraoted floods of the winters of 1887 and 1889, whilst further delay was due to the difficulties at tending the construction of a work of such magnitude in a river, tho flow of which iB conaiderable, even in ita lowest Btate. The catchment basin of the river above the weir is nearly 4000 square miles, or 2,500,000 aores. The floods of last wintor flowed over the crest of 'lie wnir to tho extent of 3 feet 6 inches, but no damuge was done. Besides fho main objeot of the weir, namoly. to raise the level of the river to supply the offtakes by gravitation, it w 11, to some ex tent, by means of the flood gates, serve the purpose of equalising the suriimer flow of tho river. It ia estimated that about 650,000,000 oubic feet of the storage will be availablo for dry seasons, . At the Sandhurst police court oa Monday, the magistrates tipreaaod their de'ermind tion to put a atop to the liae of bad language by youths in the streets on Sunday even ings, and fined two youths for »o oflending £5 Bach. Some time ago the ministers of the various denominations requested the council to put a stop to the practice, and the polioe have been inatruoted to arrest every suoh offender. The police magistrate remarked that the use of bad latigDage was so frequent in the streets of large cities that the oolonial youtha did Hot knoiv when they used disgusting worda, add polluted the ears of Women and chil dren. It was a torrible state of things, and St was the duty of every Benoh to inflict exemplary punishment, and in future all oflenders brought before him on Buoh ohtrges would be moBt severely dealt with. 