! STRANGE STORIE8- lit James Giip.enwood ("The Amateur Casual.") Author of "Humphrey Dyot," "Reuben : Davidgcr," "Under a Cloud," "Dick Templa," "The Truo History of n little Rayamuflin," "Pretty Lizzie Lisle," "Kcrrisan' Critnc. 'Tair Phyllln of Lavender Wharf," V "Jnil Birds' Bumps," C, etc. etc. \ AM. Riours RKSBKVEI>. Autho ' . ' f A No. 7. \ FILER VERSUS CAIN. ' eay tnt my wile s Cousin Jack, was to for oar quarrel would Ihj unfair to oftnnob an he was not even present COMMENCBgno. lie had been, and was gone, W nit mMm» llh#l v fit rntnn Wk inr uerable time, at ail eventn, as tvhen Tb. (atlawtnr 't 1"1 in n. cl), that Woodv forihcoufor him outside our domicile, to enter in wnitli traight to tno lAindon Docks,' Jiaraid" r— same night his nhip tailrd L— THK BOMANCI MlSSJIRAOLEfi'Vtaiioi Wy that is my A-TUE MY8TF.RY OF1Mfl lho tf him. sumuisfpA"0' WP »Pln« "»n Mn»n OA'1"?1 .WW'B ynW K-Tire AWFUL LI!" .VT «J— ». O.-nuure FAL3E 1 "wrajy call handsome, la— POOR OLD QRlfDg ones wife, not only 1l jjjrt'fcF'Hiirlri ii but wbsn he leaves -_J>mr7weil, and with no better excuse ttaatutlte ia her cousin. It doea not so ESKbaattcr. perhaps, wfaou a man has been a dnen years or so, bnt it wm baiely tbrtnootbs sinoe our wedding, and jjaok DewlUh wos'present at it. With ins — frrtrnf he congratulated me on the 'occasion. J. Yuabavo got the nicest little woman for you bappyTsacal, ht all Loudon. I MaMMO-bees a confounded fool— but it is iH utosr nriir Yauliare landed the prizo tead-ibem-is oo mare to be said about it, . waMNteasareimtU that time that there any other feeling between them fkwi ceo that was cooly and comfortably kjuuololy. Hod be kissed Matilda then, and for the last time it would have been all iright, but os'I havo already montioncd, he iiifflmifi'l the practice at every oppor- terfty. i djjeaermcuUonodR to Matilda, but I did tootlikeit. Iain asharoed'to own that I am totakjealoos temperament. ' Who ever loved to wsitoii writh-aU his heart and soul, andwaf ifisifnajrilrtWl | Jack Xrawireh iiad been on the vergo ot wcteg to India Lnlfa-dozea times sinco we fwnreunarried. Ho had disappointed mo so jofteo in this respect that I began to lose ifafchia its ever happening, when at last he «stno to-Announco that ho was nctually off. iHo-broogbt with. him a dog, a scowling, ill- Qooking baita of a eras-breed, wtth spikey cars and weak eyes, bandy-legged and Hsoad-cbeeted. It woe quite an effecting part- liira-between Jackaad Matilda. He kissed bor fw£en bo first camo. bounding in with the jannouocccnont tbat bo was going, and again, whilst fals length of aboonc'o was being dis- waned, and ho promised to Miul my wife an £bidiffn4hawl, and then again— twiee— whon rwdthn cousinly embraoe he bade her good- tle. Maybe he wonld have exhibited more rwarmth in taking farewell of me had I piven ihtm-oncouragement. It was not until we jweootn the ball, and he was standing on ttlamdoor mat pulling -on his glovee, that ho tosuirlcad " Well, ta-ta, Morfin, old boy. Don't ciy-yeuroycs out over this Bad bereavement. JOn, uy-the-way — 1 hod nearly forgotten it— i poor-old Filer I You couldn't oblige mo by iflndhjg.a homo for him ? He isn't a beauty, ibutafewclof a dog for nnyono who could ;rqiprefllqo his qualities. Ho i good at rats, -cats, burglars, auy sort of vermin you sot him to." I shook my bead, after pretending to reflect for a few moments whether I knew \- «ay friend who would caro to m&ko; such an inestoemablo addition to hi family circlo. "No, I am sorry, but I really could not conscientiously uudcrtoho the littlo coinmb- "Bnt, why can't wo keep him ourselves, Tom?" iny wife remarked. " Why, of courno wo can. It wiil bo nlco to iusvo the doar old doggy to mako a pot of, and koep us in-mind of Cousin Jack." "But, my dear, you remember how ttmall car bock garden is, and wo havo no kennol icr him I " " Well, if you wou't have him, old chap," began Dawliah 1 " BffCJ will have him, J tick dear, so you may mako your mind happy ou that Ho would havo kissed her again, I verily believe, hod not the cabmau just then put bis head in at the door to say thuro wasn't a tninutofo lbso if he wished to catch the 8.2f) train, so he had to bo content with squeez ing both my wife's hands and thou hurried lAtvay, of course leaving Filer buhind him. I confess that my inood1 was the roverao tof- amiable, and waen we returned to tlio parlor, and my wife, after wiping her eyos, ixemarked plaintively to the cross-bred cur, as she patted him : " Yoaandl wilibo friends, Filer. Your master U gone now. Iltighp 1'' It made mo furious. ' ' "To, Filer," said I.savngely, "Mrs Mor- .fin's precious cousin Iiah gono, and it will bo ;wcry much to my advuuUgu if hu never ' come back again." " Indued, sir," and my wifo curled her lip 'scornfully, "aud why, pray, may I ssk?" " Because, madam, your cousin Jock is a confoundedly impudent fellow, a swagger- ting conoeitcd coxcomb. Ami I will tell jy ou something else, MrsMorUu," I exclaimed, waxing more wrathful, fur now she wo (smiling. " If your Counin Jack Itad same iJiusbonds to deal with, ha would liave been Uolf , Pu,8d by having bis noso 8bo Uughod outright ot that in tlio most Toor Scar Jack 1 If it'hail not been for your hoight how you would liuve sullerud 1 Hut you might havo kicked Ids nidus. Tom i I can account for what followed, only on :tbo assumption that her cruol saroanm drove mo raving mad. Sho was half-roclitig on tlio ; couch at tho ' time, I sclr-ed her by thu kshouldcrs and pushed her back. " Dare to utter such another taunt, ;«nadum, and I shall bo tempted to kill on 1 " I daressy I pinchetl her, fof sho winced as thongli hurt, and turned polo, " Don't be cowardly," she .romarkcd with supreme scorn. "It is becoming iu you, sir, to talk of daring ? Would you daro act .in this way if my cousin wo bora to protoot mo!" I was blind with passion then. I seised ,on a breed cushion that was lying on the floor ond I smothered her with it. I flung Itovor her faco, and I preaae'd it down, all tho time insaueiy anathematising Jack Dawlisli, and. declaring that I would havo hi bloou a well, if I Irad to go all tho way to India to ehed it. She stpigglcd for a time, and theu was suddenly still. An ifay. wavo scorned to sweep thrmtgli the onrrent of-tuy blood, from my brow to my boots, and itr terror I'withdrow lho ' cushion. Sho had ceased to hrcatlio I . Her fuco wa pallid, her eyes fixed, her lips parted. 1 wa Btthast with Irlght, and oliaffed her hand, and called on her frantically, and all , thowhllo the iufoniai Filer dauceii round, ' and wagged hi stump of a tail, mid harked bio loudest, oa thouchit was exactly tho kind of fun that tiekled film. I was horribly frightened. As far M I could assuro myself, my dear, wife's pulsa tion had entirely ccascd. She lay at full length, and with no mora life in her than a stouo ststuo. Our was hut a littlo Iiouhu, and Matilda preferring to tin lior own cook- : iiig, for wo had no other sorvant besides nu occasional churwoinan, so wcwero in the plaoo alouo. I fetched cold water ami dashed her face— Filer gamboling in diaboli cal delight tho while— 1 burnt brown paper . close under her nostrils, but nil in vain J 3he was dead 1 . Hod I entertained thn slightest doubt on ' the matter, I should havo hurried, for is . - doctor, but : slio was so unmistakably defcuet, the only result' of doing so would have been to place myself iii the hands of the police- Life Is sweet! I loved my Mntildu ' mora tliau auythiug ou earth, end would . h»ve died to huvo 'rviUtresl hor to exiHteuce . again, but sinco the latter was inipoesible-— Further argument wcro » wssto of tliuc. . i. I' tremblingly packed a ' ninatl bjack b&u;, with a few necessities, acd nu printing oiio liut kiss on her cold lips, ilcd from the ' bouse. Jc ww by this time nearly midulght, and I wslkeil rapidly on, heedless which way J went, when It suddculy seemed to mo that I Imddone a rash thing. I had shtf; tlio dog in I As everybody is aware it is the instinct of the canine tribo to howl on the decease ot any person in the immediate nelghlwrhood, and tho impish Filer was before all others just (ho dog to do so, and immcdiato dis covery would be the result. I halted for a moment, and there was Filer at my heels ! Silent as a ghost— he : vms all white excepting for a sable dot in the middle of his back, and another thatenvo , bim the appearance of having a bad black eye— he had followed ino uupcrcoivcd. He was no longer possessed of an hilarious spirit however. It was as though ho knew all about it, and was aware that stealth and secrecy was necessary. Ho did not bark, or wag Ins tail even, "while I stood looking down on him. Herifcntiy blinked both his eves, aud sat-- down on" his haunches, as though tossy : " l had quite made up by mind on this mailer. \ou would like to get rid of mo, hut you won't. When yoit are quite ready to go no, I am quite ready to follow."' When I r>ay that he looked nt mo ns though lie would have said this, 1 mean, rather, that so I construed his outspoken sentiment, when, on the fipur of tho moment, I attempted to drive him off. I had my umbrella with me, and I tnodo a prod at him with the fermlo part of it, nt tho same time sternly bidding him " go home," on which tie made socn a vicious snap at that part of my trousers that covers the calf of the leg that 1 actually felt his teeth scrape the skio. He offered tne no further violence, nor did he mako any noise over what lie did, beyond a low guttural growl. Then be withdrew liis teeth, and with a vigilant eye oa ray umbrella, squatted down as before. Under other conditions I might havo renewed the contest, but, as it was, there was nothing to be gained by it. And, aftoral), I conld qot say that Filer was un friendly disposed. Ho hud simply defended himself when I attacked him. A wiser conrso would have bran to tako no notice of the brute, when probably ho would have pre sently slunk off. He might do still if he found that he was unnoticed. On I walked— on— on, out of tlie streete and gaslit thoroughfares, into tlio country road, with the one crushing consciousness oppressing me— I was a murderer 5 A man accursed and banned— a doomed wretch, whose guilty vision, piercing the mirk of night, saw a baiter dangling from each rillowa- like fingerpost. For miles and miles walked on — but, fast or clow, Filer's un- flagging footataps wero alwaye at my heels. If lie irad uttered an occasional bark It would liAve been something j or ran on in front, or lagged behind auacome scampering up again. At least there would havo been life in it. But it was dreadful to have hirn slogging ou behind mo like a dog walking in bis sleep, and inliuonced by a bud dream of buiug a bloodhound on duty. I yearned'to do &o;,but 1 lookbd courage to try aud kill him. My mind dwelt on Stkea in a similar predicament, in "Oliver Twiat." Hut Sikca dog wm afraid of him, and Filor defied inc. I bod a pocket handkerchief, as tho slaver of poor Nancy had, and there were plenty nf stones about, and I had already passed several ponds, but when I ponderca the possibility of drowning my Iratod follower, the wind seemed to blow in nt the rent in my troaser leg, like a warning whisper. I did not know the brute's strength, and there could bo no donbt about ids forocity. To be sure, I hod tho advantago of Sikee, as my doc woro a collar, and the ends of a wcichtcil handkerchief inicht bo Becurely attached to that. But the "ad vantage" vanished tho instant it suggested itself. It was quite truo that Filer woro a collar, but cousin Jack's name and address wcro engraved on it in full— "J. Ditvlisli, Ksq., 112 Koyntuno street, SV.C." Tins would furnislj fatal cvideucs against me if I eiew tho bruto and his body wcro dis covered. It marred cvon my leu despotato plans. I wok on the road to Barnec, ami weary and Hmping, would fain have availed mysolf of a humble bed at a wayside lorlglag-bouso for travellers, in tbo passage of which a lamp woe still burning. But I dare nob tako tho dog In there witn mo. A fugitive from jus- tico I mightan well hand to the lodging- iiouso keeper my card of address ns givo him an opportunity of reading what was en graved on Filer's collar." Would it bo possible to get him to let mo tskoiboff? I sat down on tin unplensuutly dewy bauk, and all iu tho dark called him to me— "(lood old Filer! Ffno old dog then 1" Aud ho came aud rested bis ugly hcud ou my knee ! But tho moment my baud touched the brass baud that encircled iiis throat, his eyes gleamed, and hu showed his teeth, and I was glad to pretend that I merely intended to pat his head. That, with rubbing his cars, moUficd him, and, still with Ills chiu ou my knees, bo dropped iuto a dote. But I soon found that 1 trail dona a nice thing for myself. Ho was very tired, un doubt, and did not wish to bo disturbed. Whenever 1 moved, ho uttered a low, threatening growl, that so unmistak ably indicated a Into to follow, that I daro not stir, but sat thero, on tho damp grass, cramped 'and benumbed, until break of day, which occurred about six in lho morning. Kven then tho hateful beast would havo slept ou irad it not fortu nately happened that a man camo along with some cows, and tiieir lowing uwqko him iu suoii ill temper that tie went for them, with a ridge of upraised hair extending from the impaof ids neck to bis tail. The bruto was iu a quarrelsome mood, and barely bad iio settled with the cows than ho fell foul of tlio rural policeman, who had gone to tbo cowman's assistance Filer's blood was up, fur tlio constable had dealt hint a stinger over the ribs with his knobbly stick, and thu ferocious beast was making at him open-mouthed, when anothor whack baulked his blood-thirsty iutcutiou, and brought him to Ids knees. " 1 bliuii want your name and address, sir, for thi," said tlio >o1iceman ; " you will bo summoned for dobig ou the highway with attavago dog out of your control. Oh, never mind," ho sagaciously r.ddcd, "hero's what 1 want on thu dog's collar." And Iio pencilled in hii pookct-book— "J, DrtwIUh, Kiq., 12 Keystone street, W.C." " You'll hear of this'" remarked tlio con stable, "before tho cud of tlio week." 1 could mako the man no reply. I felt so chokoful of emotion that the least thing would havo caused mo to bronk into tears. It was all over now I — murder will out I Hero already wan another strand of tlio ropo tlra\was to fiaugmo. 1 was innucha wretched ntato of mind, tlmt as lief &n; not 1 would have given myself up for my crhno there and then, but that I wished first to bo ru- veuged ou tho dog-fisnd, who, in such an incredibly short space of tlmo, Irad wrought my rnin. It scomod morn Hko n hnrriblo nightmnro than reality. Kvcn now, it won ncarco twelvo hours sinco 1 was a happy anil contented man, blessed with a beloved wifo nnd a comfortable hnmo, and now I was a branded outcast, with a tortured cnuncloaco worse ovon than that wiiieli atltietod Cain. Anil despito tho thrashing tho policeman hod uivon him, tho dog stuck clo.io to mo with loeoh-Hko tenacity, and endorsed my every, footstep with his own. ' Arrived iu Hnrneb town, 1 Vonturcd info a coffeoiiouso, and ordered breakfast, not so tmiuii that I had an appotlto for it as that I was anxious to soo tho morning newspaper. It was.possiblo I might find something in It I It wan not very likely, but Jack DawHsh wight havo como back to tho bouse. His ship might havo sailed without him— its start may have been postponed for a tide or two, In whloh case ho would ho pretty suro to call ou us ou bis way to his o'wn abode, ami then dlscovory would bo made, and I might expect to find umlor the Urge typo heading, " Horrible Murder of a Young Wifo ; Flight of tlio Murderer," a full account of the fimllngof tho body, with a mlnuto description of mysolf,' . furnished of course, by Jack lUwiiih. ' lb was almost like aresplto alter condem nation whon I opened that morning's broad- shout, and found in it no mention of myself or my criuw. .But it would not bo long postponed. Kvcr present to my tormented mind was the picture at home— tlio pretty little parlor,' with tho tea-things still on tho table, that denotod lho last, happy meal I should partake of on this earth ; tho tireless grate, tliedrawn blinds, and oiylifc- leas wife oxtooded on the couch, with her cairn whito face, and her beautiful hslr all dishevelled. Why did I protract my agony, wiieit dotection and arrest wero . Inevitable ? Cold and wretched, with my teeth ehetter- Ing and a suspicion of acute rheumatism in toll) my legs— tho result, no doubt, of pass ing tho greater part of the night sitting under a hedge— I more than half-resolved that as soon a 1 bad swaUomd lomo break fast, I wonld go to the nearest police station ami givo mysdf up. Bat my misery and contrition wcro not so overwhelming that I forgot my hatred for Filer, If I went to givo myself up that execrable animal would of coutno accompany me, and when tho story came to bo known lie, the bruto who was responsible for all (bat happened, would bo lauded as a marvel of canine sagacity, and the newspapers would eulogise Mm as tlio devoted four- footed friend of tlie woman whose life I had so barbarously extinguished, and who, in a manner of speaking, had followed and hung ou to me, compelling mo to yield myself up to iuiticc. 1 ato a vory good breakfast. I had often wondered, when I read ot criminals nctually waiting for tho iuexornbio stroke of eight, eating a hearty meal, seemingly enjoying it. But 1 did pretty much tho same. 1 ato tiirco round of buttered toast and drank as many cup of coffee, and. warmed and re freshed, the clinging to iifo came back to me. 1 was not without money. 1 had taken my quarter's salary on tlie very day the tcrriblo tragedy had occurred, and nearly twenty pouuds of it were still iu my purac. If I could but get rid of Filer i While I was having breakfast, ho was ex tended on the hcartli-rng, asleep before the fire. Tlio poker in tho fender was a heavy one, and ono well-directed blow would do it 1 But supposing I missed, or, worse still, inflicted merely a painful blow on his cranium ! That would not do. I had seen him pin one of tbo cows by tho nose, and hold on so savagely that it was as much as tlio cowman, as sisted by tho constable, could do to re lease the poor Animal. And supposing, in bis fury, bo inado such a dash at me ? No ; poisoning would ho less risky, and quite as efficacious as tlio poker. Paying for my meal, Filer wo alert the instant i rose from my scat. Wo went out, ami after a while I found a chemist's shop. . " I wont," said I, assuming a careless air, "sorhe nwcuic. ' The young man behind tho counter eyed me suspiciously, and at tlio same moment I caught sight of my faco in a looking- glass, ami could scarcely wonder at it. I was liagcord and pate ; my cyta wcro sleepless- looking, and somewhat bloodshot. " Yott require some arsenic, I think you eeld, sir? For what purpose, may I ask?' " Well, the fact'is, I wish to poison this dog— poor fellow ! He— hu is ill, and I would rather pat him out of his misery than let him suffer," Tlio young man leant over tlio counter and looked at Filer—' who actually winked as lie wagged M tail and looked back fn return— and then proceeded to nerve mo. " You will bo very careful, of courso, sir," ho remarked, smilingly, as ho handed mo tlie littlo packet : "you urc not likely to make u mistake, uud take it yourself." "It iru't ery likely. How iiad 1 best givo it him?" " Itdocsn'tnnattor in the least. He will take it anyhow — it is quite tastelcas." So I called utr-a butcher's, and boucht a nice littlo square block of lean steak for fourpenco, and, cutting a slit in It with my ponknifc, neatly itmnrtcd tho entire dose. Filor wm hungry. As far ns I know, die had not tasted solid food suica wa camo from home yesterday. I throw tho snanrc little block of beef to him, And. after a few moments' of toothsomo inostification, ho swallowed it, and licked his lips. I smiled for tho first tiino sinco yester day. "Confound you, for a hatclulbcoflt 1" I remarked, addressing Filer aloud ; you havo done it now ! Thinks to the power of poison, I shall soon l>o rolcnscd from your abominable company." And bolng clear of Burnet town, nnd out into tho country again, I lit a pipe and sat on a rail that skirted a field to await tho catastrophe. But I waited in vain. As though tlio deadly drug was only a pinch of salt, taken as a relish with Ills meat, Filer scorned to suffer not the slightest inconveni ence from it. Hu crouched down on his haunches, as usual, and lay nt my feet, his comfortable snore mocking tho hopo that ha would shortly bo racked with Internal agonies. I waited with increasing disgust lor at least nu hour, and then got down from tho rail, on winch Filer roso, gaped and shook himself, and wo plodded on as before. That night wn slept in a bam, nnd nil noxb dav I wandered nimlcssly und miser ably until tho evening. It won dark when we reached St. Albans, whci'o 1 gat an ovoniug newspaper. My prima was slUI undiscovered 1 It wns'terriblo to think of my Matilda's lifeless form still lying uncoffiuud in that dim room ; but tho deed was done, and nothing could nudo it. I must got away somehow— and without Filer. Sinco thero was no other way, seem ingly, of freeing myself from tho accurned croaturo, I must mako a dcnncrnto dash for it. Tlio railway station was close at hand. I would take train to no matter where. I would ao time it, that I should not bu kopt waitiuu on tlio platform, but havo uothiug to do but hastily tako my tickot and rush up the stops nnd jump into a carriage, and ao off and away without my tormuntar. But now something inexplicable occurred 1 , Norooncr had I apprnuchcd thu station to : nraku onqnirioH than Filer was taken with a nttango restlessness. Ho ran to nnd fro, and jumped about, and barked his loudest. Could it Iio that tho dose of nrsuiuo was nt last taking effect on him ? But that did not naoin likely. If hu wcro in pain lie would howl and exhibit other distressing symp toms. On tho contrary, lie was gay aud frisky. The most singular partof it was ho seemed anxious to got upstair. to whero lho train ntarted I My heart sunk within mo. It really appeared ou though tho bruto was f ;ifted with diabolical inatfuct that enabled dm to fathom my most secret thoughts ami desigus. Ho know what I was boot on nud ho meant coming witli me. Ho would tako no denial, hut kupt running about gleefully, and making tlie hooking officio echo witli his ringing bark. 1 took my ticket at tlio pay plnco. " la this' your dog, sir?" asked tho ticket man it Ida wickct. " No," I replied. And hu sliut tho gato. But, in an instant, Filer leapt thu obstacle, nnd was boumliug up tho stairs before inc. Still, with his noso to tlio ground, Iio ran along tho platform to thu waiting- room, I closely following. Tlio door was closed, but ho nusliod it open, uud wo both entered, anu — powors nhuvo us J there sat my wife. Not her ghost— my dear Matilda iu tlio flesh, nud, excepting that hor faco was somewhat paler, and her eyes as though ha had been crying, looking as troll a ever. Fortunately no ono else was in tho waiting- room. With a glad cry sho approached tno, as in spceclilcss buwildermont 1 stood clasp- itig my .hands, and flung hnr arms about my neck. " Oh, Tom f 'At last I havo found you then ? Oh, how ernol— how cruitl ! And, whllo I sobbingly bold her in my arms, Filer barked with joy, and executed so many extravagant capors that undor utlior circumstances, would havo justified his summary. extinction, as a dog that was' in curably mad. Ho certainly was a most ex traordmary animal. When at length wo both sat down, ho camo and nestled Ids head betweon us ao lovingly, that I forsavo him thoro ami thou, all t£p dreadful anguish ho had occasioned mo. Thon oamu tho explanation, aud, after all, it was an amazingly simplo ouo. My outrageous behaviour had caused my wifo to swoon so complotoly, that sho ap peared to bo really dead, and it was not until somctimo aftor I had taken my depar ture that sho recovered consciousness. What was hor "tale of udud whon sho found that I was gouo and did not return, I will not attempt to describo, or tho agony she emlurod uil uuxt day when I remained still absent. It was not until that morning sho irad newsofuie. Tho Bamot policeman lad ob tained tha summous, which' was served ut 12 Keysrons street, aud "J. Dawllsli Ks- quiro's" landlady, much puzzled about It, be- cauvo Jack had told hor he intended to leave his dog with us, camo to our place to mako enquiries. Shrewd At grasping a duo, Matilda a ones took train for Barnet, uud hcarlnr of me thero as being ou tho road witli tho dog, anu going towards St. Albans, hurried thither hy rail. Her several hours of search In that neighborhood had, however, proved unavailing, and woafal and disconsolate sho was waiting to take tho train book again to London, when— thanks, In part, to Filer— Wei), the reader has already been made aware of what wa did. It ii » good many years ago, but old Filer Is still in tho land o! tho living, and though ho has scarcely a tooth iu his head, fifty guineas down would nut buy hirn. ' 