ICE BOUND. \-----0---- By W. CARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER 17-Continued. think yonl If the blocak on whith we lie could be detached it might beat a bit against its parent stock, but would not unite again. The schooner's canvas might be made to help it along-though suppose it capsizedl: "We must consider," said he; "there is no need to hurry.. WIhen the wind falls we will survey the ice." He warmed himself afresh, and after re maining silent with the air of one turning many thoughts over in his mind, he suddenly cried, "D'ye know I have a mind to view the plate and money belowr What say your' His little eyes seemed to sparkle with sus picion as he directed them at me. I was con fident he suspected I had lied in saying I knew nothing of this treasure, and that he wanted to see if I had meddled with those chests. One of the penalties attached to a man being forced to keep the company of liars is, he himself is never believed by them. I an swered, instantly, "Certainly; I should like to see this wonderful booty. It is right that we should find out an once if it is there; for, supposing it vanished, we should be no better than madmen to sit talking here of the fine lives we shall live if ever we get home." He picked up the lantern, and said, "I must go to your cabin; it was the captain's. The keys of the chests should be in one of his boxes." He marched off, and was so long gone that I was almost of belief he had tumbled down in a fit. H.owever, I had made up my mind to act a very wary part; and particularly never to let him think I distrusted him, and so I would not go to see what lie was about. But what I did was this: the arms room was next door; I lighted a candle, entered it, and swiftly armed myself with a sort of dagger, a kind of boarding knife-a very murderous little two-edged sword, the blade about seven inches long, and the haft of brass. There were some fifty of these weapons, and I took the first that came to my haud, and dropped it into the deep side pocket of my coat, and returned to the cook room. It was not that I was afraid of going unarmed with this man into the hold; there was no nmore danger to me there than here; should he ever design to dispatch me one place was tie same as an other, for the dead above could not testify there were no witnesses in this white and desolate kingdom. What resolved me to go armed was the fear that, should the treasure be missing-and who was to swear that the schooner had never been visited once in eight and forty years?-the Frenchman, who was persuaded his stupor had not lasted above a week, and who was doubtless satisfied the chests were in the hold down to the period when he lost recollection, would suspect me of foul play, and in the barbarous rage of a pirate fall upon and endeavor to kill me. It might be that he was long because of having to seek for the keys; but my own conviction was that he found the keys easily and stayed to rummage the boxes for such jewels and articles of value as he might there find. I think he was gone near half an hour; he then returned to the cook house, saying briefly, "I have the keys," and jin gling them, and after warming himself said, "Let us go." I was moving toward the forecastle. "Not that way for the run," cried he. "Is there a hatch aftr' I asked. "Certainly-in the lazarette." "I wish I had known that," said I; "I should have been spared a stifling scramble over the casks and raffle forward." He led the way, and coming to the trap hatch that conducted to the lazarette he pulled it open and we descended. He held the lantern and threw the light around him, and said, "Ay, there are plenty of stores here. We reckoned upon provisions for twelve months, and we were seventy of a crew." A strange figure he looked, just touched by the yellow candle light, and standing out upon the blackness like some vision of a dis tempered fancy, in his hair cap and flaps, and with his long nose and beard and little eyes shining as he rolled themhere and there. We made our way over the casks, bales and the like till we were right aft, and here there was a small clear space of deck in which lay a hatch. This be lifted by its ring, and down through the aperture did he drop, I follow ing. The lazaretto deck came so low that we had to squat when still or more upon our knees. At the foremost end of this division of the ship, so far as it was possible for my eyes to pierce the darkness-for it seems that this run went clear to the forehold bulkhead, that is to say, under the powder rooms to where the fore hold began-ware stowed the spare sails, ropes for gear, and a great vari ety of furniture for the equipment of a ship's yards and masts. But immediately under the hatch stood several small chests and cases, pointed black, stowed side by side so that they could not shift. Tassard ran his eye over thelm, counting. "Rightl" cried hel "hold the lantern, 31r. Rodney." I took the light from him, and, pulling the keys from his pocket, he fell to trying them at the lock of the first chest. One fitted; the bolt shot with a hard click, like cocking a trigger, and he raised toh lid, The chest was full of silver money. I picked up a couple of the coins, and bringing them to the candle perceived them to be Spanish pieces of 17,9. The money was tarnished, yet it reflected a sort of dull, metallic light. The Frenchman grasped a handful and dropped them, as though, like a child, he loved to hear the chink the pieces made as they fell. The next chest he opened was filled with jewelry of various kinds-the fruits, I dare say, of adonen pillages; for not only had this pirate robbed boieat traders, but a pica roon as well, that had also plunndeetq in her turn another of her own kidney; so that, as I say, this chest of jewelry mitght represent the property of the lassengers of as maniy as a dozen vessels. It was as if the contents of the shop of a jeweler, who was at once a gold smith and a silversmith, had 1eiml emptied into this chest. You could scarce name an orstlnelnt that was nlot here-watches, snuff boxes, buckles, bracelets, pounce poxes, vinal grettes, ear rings, crucifixes, stars for the hair, necklaces-but the list grows tiresome; n. silver and gohl, but chiefly in gold-all shot together' d4 iying scramble fashion, as if they had bteei liQptatq . I was tlhunderstruck, as you will solupgse, by the sight of all this treasure, and looked and stared like a fool-as if I was ll a dreaml. I had never seem so many fine thilgs leforo, and indulged in themostextravagant fancies of their worth. Hero and there in the glit tering huddle my eye lighted on an object that was 100, peirhaps 00, years old-a cup very choicely wroug tnatmay have been in a family for severa4gapations; a watch of a curious figure, ag the like.$.There might have been the piolaeigs of the cabins, trunks und portmanteaus of 100 opulent men and women in this chest; and, so far as I could judge from what lay atop, the people plundered represented several nationalities. But there were other chests and cases to explore-ten in all; two of these were filled with silver money, a third with plate, a fourth with English, French, Spanish and Iortuguese coins in gold; but the one over which Tassard hung longest in a transport that held him dumb was the smallest of all, and this was packed with gold in bars. The stuff had the appearance of moldy yellow soap, and having no sparkle nor variety did not affect me as the jewelry had, though in value this chest came near to being worth as much as all the others put together. The fixed, transported posture of the pirate-his little shin ing eyes intent upon the bars, his form in the candle light looking like a sketch of a strange, wildly appareled man done in phosphorus, coupled with the loom of the black chests, the sense of our desolation, the folly of our enjoyment of the sight of the treasure in the face of our pitiable and dismal plight, the melancholy storming of the wind, moaning like the rumble of thunder heard in a vault, and above all the feeling of unreality inspired by the thought of my companion havinglain for eight-and- forty years as good as dead combined to render the scene sostartingly impressive that it remains at this hour painted as vividly upon the eye of mseimory as if I had come from it five minutes ago. "So," cried the Frenchman, suddenly, slamming the lid of the chest, "'tie all herel Now, then, to the businaolf considering how to come off with it." IHe thrust the keys In his pocket, and is returned to the cook room. CIIAPTEIt XVIII. We TArL? oveRn OUR S sTUATIO. That night, as afterward, Tassard occupied the berth that he was used to sleep in before he was frozen. Although I had not then the least fear that he wo4l attempt any malig nast tricks with me whle we remained in this posture, the feeling that he lay in the berth but one next mine made me uneasy in spite of my reasoning: and I was so nervous as to silently shoot a great iron bolt, so that it would have been impossible to enter with out beating the door in. In sober trutth, the sight of the treasure had put a sort of fever into my imagination, of the heat and effects of which I was not com pletely sensible until I was alone in my cabin andswinging in thedarkness. Thatthe value of what I had seen came to ninety or a hun dred thousand pounds of of our money, I could not doubt; and I will notdeny that myfancy was greatly excited by thinking of it.A But there was something else. Suppose we should have the happiness to escape with this treas ure, then I was perfectly certain the French man would come between me and my share of it. This apprehension threading my heated thoughts of the gold and sliver kept me restless during the greater part of the night, and I also held my brains on the stretch with devices for saving ourselves and the treasure; yet I could not satisfy my mind that anything was to be done unless natare herself assisted us in freeing the schooner. However, as it happened, the gale roared for a whole week, and the cold was so fright ful and the air so charged with spray and hail that we were forced to lie close below with the batches on for our lives, CHAPTER XIX, WE TAKE A VIEW OF THvE ICE. For seven days the gale ragedwith uncom mon violence; it then broke, andthisbrought us into the first week in August. The wind fell in the night, and I was awakened by the silence, which you will not think strange if you consider how used were my ears to the fierce seething and strong bellowing of the blast. I lay listening, believing that it had only veered, and that it would come on again in gusts and gbrs; but the stillness con tinued, and there were no sounds whatever save the noises of the ice, which broke upon the ear like slow answers from batteries near and distant, half whose cannon have been silenced. I slept again, and when I awoke it 5:.0 o'clock in the morning. The French man was snoring lustily, I went on deck before entering the cook house, and had like to have been blinded by the astonishing brilliance of the sunshine upon the ice and snow. All the wind was gone. The air was exquisitely frosty and sharp. But there was a heavy sound coming front the sea which gave me to expect the sight of a strong swelL The sky was a clear blue. ant thpre ras no cloud on as much of its face as showed be twixt the brows of the slopes. My attention was quickly attracted by the aplpearance of the starboard cliff over against our quarter. The whole shoulder of it had broken away, and T coulp jpst catch a view of the horizon of the sea from the deck by stretching my figure. The sightof the ocean showed ume that the breakage had been pro digious, for to have come at that prospect before I should have had to climb to the height of the main lower masthead. No other marked or noteworthy change did I de tect from the deck; bnt on steppiqg to the larboard side to peer over I spied a split in the ice that reached from the very margin of the ravine-I mean to that end of it where it terminated in a cliff-to and past the bows of the schooner by at least four times her own length. I returned to the cook room and went about the old business of lighting the fire and pre paring the breakfast-this job, by an under standing between the Frenchman end me, falling to him who was first out of bed-and in about twenty minutes Tassard arrived. "The wind is gone," said he. "Yes," I replied; "it is a bright, stillmorn ing. at have been on deck. There has been a great fall of ice close to." "Does it block usf' "No; on the contrary, it clears the way to the sea; the ocean is now visible from the deck. Not talist It mpends pur pase,t edded, "But there is a great rent in thie ice thlat puts a fancy into my head; I'll speak of it later, after a closer look." The breakfast was ready, anld we faell to in a hurry, thle Frenchman gobbling like a hog in his eagerness to make an end. When we were finished he wrapped himself up in three or four coats and cloaks, warming the under ones before folding them about him, and comploting hIis pcpaPratiois for the Ixour sion byswallowing half a pint of raw brandy. I bade him arm hinmself with a short headed spear to save his neck, and thus equipped we went on deck. He stood stockl still with his eyes shut on emerging through the hatch, crying out with a number of French oaths thlat he had been struck blind. This I did not believe, though I readily suipposed that the glare nmade his eyeballs smart so as tocapuse him a good deal oR agony. Itn?llesi, tl} arwl I hu~l 1bes 6sYr prised thalt hie shtoilliiao foilrd isis eight sp easily after Ihaving sat itn blindiless for forty. eight year.s, pt jt was Ilpt wonderful tlat thbs pazius trilltpp egn lec uk smit(ng his sight on a suddtlen, should hare caused him to cry Oet ps if lie bag lost the use of his e-es folurvver, I 'waited lsatiensly, and in about ten mu-. utes hIe was able to look about him, and then It was not lone before he could see without pain. lie stood a minute gazing at the glo ries upon the rigging, and in that piercing light I noticed the unwholesome color of ais face. His cap hid the scar, and nothinl of his countenance was to be seen but the cheeks, eyes and nose. He was much more wrinkled than I had supposed, and me thought the spirit of cruelty lay visible in every line. I had never seen eyes so full of cunning and treachery-so expressive, I should say, of these qualities; yet they were no bigger than mere punctures. I was sen sible of a momentary fear of the man-not, let me say, an emotion of cowardice, but a sort of mixture of alarm and awe, such as a ghost might inspire. This I.put down to the searching light in which I watched him for a mloloent or two-an irradiation subtle enough to give the sharpest form to expres sion, to exquisitely define every meaning that was distinguishable in his graveyard physiognomy. I left him to stare and judge for himself of tihe posture in which the long, hard gale had put the schooner, and stepped over to the two blodies. They were shrouded in ice from head to foot, as though they had each man1 been packed in a glass case cun ningly wrought to their shapes. Their faces were hid by the crystal masks. Tassard joinedl Ine. "Small chance for your friends now," said I, "even if you were agreeable to my pro posal to attempt to revive them." "So!" cried he. touching the body of the mate with his foot; "and this is the end of the irresistil,le Trentauovel for what con quests has Death robed him so bravely! See, the colors shine in hint like fifty differ ent hinds of ribbons. Poor fellowl he could not ;url his mustaches now, though the loveliest eyes in Europe were fixed in pas. iounate admliration on him. He'll never slit another throat, nor hiccough Petrarch over a goiletful, nor remonstrate with me for my h umaniity. Stall we toss the. bodies over tho side"' "They are your friends," saidI; "do as you please." "But we mutst emlpty their pockets firstr Business before seliment , Mr. Rodney." He stirred the figure again with his foot. "Well, ipresently,", said he, "this armor will want the hatchet. Now, ply friend, to view the work of the gale." The increased heel of the ship brought the larboard fore channel lowe, and we stepped without difficulty from it on to the ice. The rent or fissure that I have before spoken of went very deep-it was nearly two feet wide in places; but, though the light poured bril liantly upon it, I could see no bottom. "If only such another eplit as this would happen t'other side," said the Frenchman, "I believe this block would go adrift." ' "Well," said I, after musing a little while, as I ran my eye over the hollows, "'11 tell you what was in my minud just now. There is a great quantity of gunpowder in the hold ten or a dozen barrels. By dropping large parcels of it into the crevices on the right there, and firing it with slow matches" HIe interrupted me with a cry: "By St. Paul, you have it! What crevices have your' We walked briskly round the vessel; and all about her beam and starboard quarter I found, in addition to the seams I had before noticed, many great cracks and fissures, caused no doubt by the fall of the shoulder of the slope. I pushed on'farther yet, going down the ravine, as I have called it, until I came to the edge; and here I looked down from a height of some twelve or fourteen feet-so greatly had the ice sunk or been changed by the weather--upon the ocean. I called to Tassard. lie approached warily. I firmly believe he feared I might be tempted to give him a friendly shove over the edge. "Observe this hollow," said I; "the split there goes down to the water, and you may take it that the block is wholly disconnected on that side. Now look at the face of the ice," said I, pointing to the starboard or right hand side; "that crack goes as far as the vessel's quarter, and the weakness is carried on to past the bows by the other rents. Mr. Tassard, if we could burst this body of ice by an explosion from its moorings ahead of the bowsprit, where it is all too compact, this cradle with the schooner in it will go free of the parent body." He answered promptly, "Yes, it is the one and only plan. That prack to starboardislike telling us what to do. It is well you came here. We should not have seen it from the top. This valley runs steep, You must expect ino more than the surface to be liberated, for the foot of the cliff will go deep." "I desire no more." "Will the ship stand such alaunch, suppos ing we bring it about!"' said he. I responded with one of his own shrugs, and said, "Nothing is certain. We bave one of two courses to choosel to aenture this launch, on stay till the ice 'reaks up, and take our chanep of floating or of being smashed." "You are right!" he exclaimed. "Here is an opportunity. If we wait, bergs may gather about this point and bpild us in. As to this island dissolving, we are yet to know which way 'tis heading. Suppose it should be traveling south, hey:" He struck the ice with his spear, and we toiled up the slippery rocks with difficulty to the ship. We walked past the bows to the distance of the vessels length. Here were many deep holes attd cracks, and, as if we were to be taught how these came about, even while we were viewing them, an ear splitting crash of noise happened within twenty fathoms of us, a rock many tons in weight rolled over and left a black gulf be hind it. The Frenchman started, muttered and crossed himself. "Holy Virginj" he cried, rolling his eyes, l?let us return. The pow der barrel must have the first chance." And he made for the schooner savagely striking the ice with his spear, and growling curses tc himself as he plowed and climbed and jumped his way along. CHAPTER XX. A MERlR' EVx xN G. By the time we had reached the bottomn of the hollow, Tassard was blowing like a bellows with the unconminon exertion; and, swearing that he felt thi cold penetrating his bones, and that hibhotuld be sttupefied again if he did not mind, he clilmbed into the ship and disappeared. I loved him so little that secretly I very heartily wishled that nature would make away wiith hilm--I mean that somethintg it would be imlpossible in me to lay to my conscience should befall him-as becoming comnatose again, and so lying |ki one dead. Assturelly jtt sllch a c5ditt was not this liand tlihef would have wansted a drop of bi-andy in returning an evil, white livered, hectoring old rascal to a life that smtllt4 foully with him and the like of him, I entered tihe ship, and found Tassard roast ing himnself in the cook houme, "I have been surveying the ice," said I, drawing to the furnace, "and have very little doubt that if we wisely bestow the powderin great quantities we shall succeed in dislocat ing the bed on which we are lying." "Goodt" he cried. ':But aftere:P saj[ I. "Whati. "As much of this bel as may Itbe dislodgedt will niot be deell Icebergs, as of cotrse you know, capsize ilu consisqisence of their becom ing top heavy by thile wastinof thlebul~l that is subnmergel Tits blochk will nmske but a small berg shoull we libe|iato it, and I very much fear that the weight of this bchoonee will overset it the instant we are launched." "Body of Moses!" he cried, angrily, knit. ting his brows, whereby he stretched the sear to half its usual width, "what's to be done, thenP"' "She is a full ship," said I, "and weighty. If the liberated ice be thin she may sit up on it and keep it under. We have a right to hope in that direction, perhaps. Yet there is another consideration. She may leak like a sievel" "Why?" he exclaimed. "She took the ice smoothly; she has not beenstrained; she was as tight as a bottle before she stranded; the coating of ice will have cherished her; and a stout ship like this does not suffer from six months of lying up:' Six months, thought I. "Well, it may be as you say; but if she leaks, it will not be in our four arms to keep her free." He exclaimed, hotly, "Mr. Rodney, it we are to ecapln we mpst venture something. To stay here means death in the end. I am persuaded that this ice is joined with some vast main body far south, and that it does not move. What is there, then, to wait fort There is promise in your gunpowderproposal. If she capsizes, then the devil will get his own." And with a savage flourish of the pannikin lhe put it to his lips and drained it. His sullen determination that we should stand or fall by my scheme was not very use ful to me. I had lhooked for seone shrewdlness in himu, some caspacity of originating and weighing ideas: but I found he could do little more than curse and swagger and ply his can, in which lhe founi! -: et of his auectlotes and recollections andl n.. a little of his court age. I pulled out my :._.i, as I most call it, and obscrved that it was hard upon I o'clock. "'Tis lucky," said he, eying the watch greedily and coming to it away from the great subject of our deli verance, as though the sight of the fine gold thing with its jeweled lltter extinguished every other thought in him, "that you removed that watch from Mendoza. But he will hIav carried other good things to the bottomt with him, I fear." "His flsk and tobacco box I took away," said I. "tie had nothing of consequence be sides." "They must go into the common chest," cried he; " 'tis share and share, you know." "Ay," sail I, "but what' 1 found on Men. dooa is mine by the highest right under heaven. If I had not taken the things they would now be at th., bottom of the sea." "What of that?' cried hle. avagely. "If we had not plundered the galleon she might have been wrecked and taken all she had down with her. Yet should such & consider ation hinder a fair division as between us between you, who had nothing to do with the pillage, and me, who risked my life in it? I said, "Very well; be it as you say." ap Iearing to co:sent, for there was something truly absurd in an altercation about e, few guineas' worth of booty in the face of our nmelancholy and most perilous position,though it not only enabled me to send a deeper glance into the mind of this nmin than I had yet been ab! to manage, but made rue understand a reasotn for the bloody and furious quarrels which have again and again arisen among persons oactding on the brink of eternity, to whom a cup of drink or the sight of a ship had been more precious than the contents of the Bank of England. I set about getting the dinner. "While you are atthat work," cried he, starting up, "I'll overhaul the pockets of the bodies ,,n deck;' and picking up a choppe: away be went, and I heard him cursing in his native tongue as he stumbled to the com panion ladder through the darkness in the cabin. His rapacity was beyond credence. There was an immense treasure in the hold, yet he could not leave the pockets of the two poor wretches on deck alone. I did not envy him his task; the frozen figures would bear a deal of hammering, and besides he had to work in the cold. Ah, though 1, with a groan, I should have left him to make one of theml I had finished my dinner by the time he arrived. He produced the watch I had taken from and returned to the mate's pocket when I had searohed him for a tinder box: also a gold enuffbox set with diamonds and a few Spanish pieces in gold. On seeing these things I rememlered that I had found some rings and money in Tassard's pockets while overhauling him for means to obtain fire; but I held may peace. "Should not we havre been imbeciles to sacrifice these beauties:" he cried, viewing the watch and snuffbox with a rapturous grin. "They were hard to come at, I expecti" "No," he answered, pocketing them and turning to a piece of beef in the oven. "I knocked away the ice, and after a little wrenching got at the Dickets. But poor Trentanove! d'ye know, his nose came away with the mask of ice! He is no longer lovely to the sight!' He broke into a guffaw, then stuffed his mouth full, and talked in the An tervals of chewing. "There was nothing worth taking on Barros. They are both overboard." "Overboard!"' I cried. "Why, ye,'" said he. "They are no good ou deck, I stood thoal against the rail, then tiplped themi over." This was an illustration of his strength I did not much relish. "I doubt if I could have lifted Barros," said I. "Not you'" he exclaimed, running his eye over me. "A dead Dutchman would have the stelght of a fairy alongside Barros." "'Well, Me, Tassard," said I, "since you ara so strong you will be very useful to our scheme! There is much to be done." "Give me a isketch of your plans that I may understand you," he exclaimed, con tinning to eat very heartily. "'First of all," said I, "we shall have to break the powder barrels out of the magazine and hoist them on deck. There are tackles, I srppouls" "Yo'u should be able to fnd what you want among the bpatswatn's stores in the run," ha "There are some splits wide enoughi to re ceive a wrhole barrel of powder," said I. "I counted four sulch yawns all hIappily lying in a line atwart the ice past the bows. I pro pose to aink these barrels twenty feet deep, where tSy lhusn hang from a piece of spar aeross te aperture." He n 4ej "Hd ?b? any slow matches aboard " ilPl-l among the gunner' stgr," ? eh re \- erssare but yoe and me," said I; "thesie operations will take time. We must intd not to be blown up by one barrel while we are suspending another. We shall have to lower the barrels with their matche on fire, and they must be timed to burn an hour." "Ay, certainly-at least an hour," he ex claimed. "Two hours would be better." "Well, that must depend upon the 1um her of paroels of matches we meet with. There will be 4 good many mines to spring and one must tlot explode before another. 'Ti the united force at the several blasts whieh we must reckon en. The contents of an least four meore barrels of powder we must dl&ribute; among the other chinks and splits in such ,arcels aus they nill be able to "And then:!' "And then," said I, "we mue await the (To be Continued) ] ____________________________________________________ 