MINNIGREY. A 3ROMANCE. OHAPTER CIV. Markland observed that in the morning he should be particularly engaged in the Court of Chancery. 'In the evening, then,' said our hero; 'and yet,' he added, 'I shall be engaged till late. I dine with Seneral Talbot.' The lawyer assured him that the lateness of the hour would cause him no inconvenience. He was used to sit in his chambers during term, half the night, from the pressure of the business which had been 'intrusted to him. 'In that case,' said Gus, 'I will not fail you '; and with this understanding he dismissed him. A dark smile lit the saturnine fea tures of Mr. Markland, as he stepped into his carriage and drove from the splendid mansion of the earl in Bt. James's-square to his own private residence near the Abbey, where his grandson was impatiently awaiting his return. ' Now!' exclaimed Edward Howard, as the old man entered the library of his gloomy abode; ' have you seen him ?' 'I have.' ' And he has recovered ?' 'Q?iute I His cheek has regained its freshness. Would, my poor boy,' continued the lawyer, ' I could say as much of yours; but I fear--' ' Curse him I' interrupted the young man, passionately ; ' curse him P He has been an evil genius to me: but for him I might have been well and happy !' We wonder if the speaker recol lected that our passions are the only evil genius which haunts us through the path of life. 'He is to meet me to-morrow' ob served the grandfather, with an in difference which was too affected to pass unnoticed. Edward Howard heard the information with a fierce emotion of pleasure-it was what he had been wishing for. 'At what hour 9' he demanded. 'I know not-but it will be late!' \- ' The later the better I' thought the young man, but he kept the feeling of satisfaction to himself; for since his almost miraculous escape from death he had become gloomy and taciturn, even with his relative. His sufferings bad developed the master passion of his soul, and he thought more of re venge than of the broad lands and title of Eserick, which had so narrowly * eseaped being his. Without a word he retired to his chamber-the same he had slept in when a boy-leaving his grandfather to the companionship of his own re flections, and they were not tle most cheerful in the world. COAPTER OVII. With Tarquin'u ravishing strides, towards his design Moves like a ghost. \--SHA?RBBEARE. Twice had Bob the barber watched his neighbour, Nibbling Ned, at the witching hour of night steal from his den, and make the best of his way to the bank of the Thames, where he un moored one of the numerous boats, and rowed himself down the river. The apron and badge had given him a clue to the mystery, and the third night he resolved to be at the landing place before him. Full of this idea, a short time before the broker's usual hour of starting, he procured a boat, and made the best of his way to the Temple Gardens, tak ing care as soon as he arrived there to. draw the boat close under the terrace wall, .and to ensconce himself in such a position that he could observe every thing which passed without being seen. In this situation he remained with much the same feelings which a spider may be supposed to entertain when it sees an incautious bluebottle buszing in the vicinity of its web. ' He will transport me-will he ' he ,muttered, repeating to himself the ,threat which Ned had been foolish enough to utter against him at the bar of the Granby. 'How very singular if I should anticipate the compliment, and transport him ! More unlikely things have happened in this world, *and will again. I should like to know what he means to transport me for !' added the honest;fellow, who, conscious of his integrity, felt anger, but no alarm, at the menace. * He had not remained more than an hour in his place of ambush before he heard the fall of a scull upon the water. Bob immediately became all eyes and ears. AJ boat at last drew up close to the spot where he himself had landed, and, as he anticipated, Nibbling Ned leaped on shore. ' Good I' thought the barber; ' the play is about to begin !' Fortunately for Bob, the moon was shining brightly, and he was enabled "i'to":watch from his hiding-place every movement of his enemy ; who, after concealing his rough great coat and cap under the wall, proceeded to array himself in the apron and badge. This disguise was complete; anyone who * encountered him would have taken the ruffian for one of the porters of the Temple. 'Not a bad dodge, that !' muttered Bob, who began to feel his curiosity . violently excited; ' what can he be up * ;.to-a murder or a burglary? No matter what,' he added, mentally, ' I ani quite prepared for him I' Ned left the spot where he had so completely metamorphosed his appear. ance, then cautiously moved along the shady ,side of the buildings till he came to the little arcade at the end of Pump-court--the barberfollowing him all the while at a distance. 'No sooner does the mind entertain the idea of crime than it becomes naturally suspicious. At almost every step the broker paused and looked around him; once or twice the spy only escaped observation by falling flat upon the ground, or biding himself behind one of the angles formed by the buttress of the hall: Bob carefully noted the staircase up which, the broker cautiously crept. At the first cry, or the least sound of infraction, he was prepared to rush upon him and secure him-for he was naturally powerful, and felt that moral courage which every man is armed with when acting in an honest cause. ' What can he be after ?' he esked himself--for all was still; he could not even catch the breathing of the ruffian upon the stairs' At last a step was heard slowly deseending; there could be no doubt but it was Ned's. The barber hastily retreated to his former post of observa tion. He had not hid himself long before he saw his enemy advance boldly across the court. ' He has been disappointed!' thought Bob. The broker began to whistle. 'No I' he added, 'he has suc ceeded !' The barber was completely puzzled; but as he was one of those who do not easily permit themselves to be baffled, after watching his enemy back to the garden, and seeing him once more change his costume and row off, he returned to Pump-court, resolved to wait till daylight but he would fathom the mystery. It was evident that no burglary had been committed, for, while crouching on the stairs, he must have heard the slightest sound; had violence been offered, he would equally have heard the cry of the victim. Although completely puzzled, Bob resolved not to quit the place till he had found a clue to the mystery. He was a resolute fellow, and seldom gave up any enterprise which he had once undertaken-lighting his pipe, he re solved to wait till the return of day; not, however, without some misgivings as to the reception he should meet with on his return from his better half; who, with that obtusene.s so peculiar to married ladies, never could be made to understand why her husband should absent himself from the conjugal domicile all night: most wives, we suspect, are equally difficult to be convinced on the same subj et. Morning, much to the satisfaction of the barber, dawned at last; as soon as it was sufficiently light for his pur pose, he ascended the staircase, and began a careful examination of the doors of the different sets of chambers; but for some time without making the least discovery. 'I wonder what the watch would think of me,' he muttered to himself, 'if they should discover me 2.I should find some difficulty in persuading either them or the magistrate that my purpose was an bhonest one !' And yet it was honest-for what object can be more praiseworthy than to defeat the machinations of those the business of whose life is to conspire against' society, either as regards liberty, property, or life ?' After a careful examination of the different locks, he felt assured that no infraction had been committed. He knew not what to think. Just as he was about to give up the point as hopeless, he noticed a small piece of yellow-looking substance sticking to the keyhole of the lock of the door of No. 7. It was the chambers of Mr. Mark land. Bob carefully noted down both the name and number which were written on the door. Be next examined the morsel of resinous.looking matter-it proved to be wax. In an instant the barber comprehended it all, for he was up to a thing or two. Ned had evidently taken an impression of the wards of the lock, in order to get a key make; and he could only require a key for the purpose of entrance. 'Burglary l' exclaimed the barber, with a knowing look 'Ned will transport me 1' he added, with a bilter smile. 'I'd bet the odds that he goes over the water first !' Satisfied that he had discovered all he required to know, and that no attempt would or could be made till the following night, h'e returned to his boat, and rowed back to the Surrey bank, directly opposite Whitehall, where he landed and returned home to rest, but not to sleep ; two things prevented that-first, the adventure of the night; secondly, the-but no, we will not violate the sanctity of the curtain lecture; all we will say is, that Mrs. Bob was not more difficult to appease than any other married lady would have been under similar circumstances. The barber's man Friday-who, par parent/dse, was not quite so black as our readers have perhaps been led to suppose-informed his master, the moment he descended into the shop, that he had something to communi cate. ' Then why don't you communicate it?' said Bob sharply-for want of sleep, or perhaps the various supposi tions of Mrs. B. on the cause of his absence, had slightly ruffled his temper. S'Mr. Scratchit has been here ?' '"This was the name of the poor penny-a-liner. ' Has he ?' said Bob. ' He is a very singular character,' continued the boy-who looked, as the barber used 'to say, like a negro just recovered from the measles. His master was struck by the ipro foundness of the observation. 'Had Mr. Titmouse, the actor, been there he would have exclaimed, ' Orson is en dowed with reason I' Bob contented himself by mentally acknowledging that F'riday was not so great a fool as he imagined. 'Go on,' he said. ' He has been asking all sorts of questions,' continued the boy, 'about Nibbling Ned the broker.' Bob's astonishment increased. ' He says,' continued the speaker, 'that you ought to have let him know all the particulars about the fire at Johnstone's house, and who the gentleman was that the broker saved from the flames.' ' Saved I' exclaimed the barber; ' did Ned save anyone ?' ' So he says, sir ; but he promised to call again.' ' And is that all ?' demanded Bob. 'All, sir! except,' added the boy, recollecting himself, ' that the stranger was taken away by some old gentle man from the Temple.' His master gave a loud whistle-he had obtained another clue. The barber's first intention had been to call on Mr. Markland, and inform him of the adventure of the preceding night. The intelligence he had re ceived set him thinking how far it might be prudent to do so. Like most of his class, he had a natural suspicion of and antipathy to lawyers. He resolved to wait upon the Earl of Eserick, and impart the discovery he had made to him. ' It can't do any harm,' he thought; 'and if any treachery is intended, it will put him on his guard.' It was not till after much search that Bob succeeded in finding the ad dress of our hero ; and even when he had done so, the sight of the splendid mansion in St. James's.equare made him hesitate. Gns had rewarded him most liberally, and he was naturally fearful that his motives should be mis construed. 'Perhaps they will only laugh at me,' he said, ' or imagine that I have called in the hope of obtaining more money.' Whilst he was debating with him self whether he should return or knock, our reader's old acquaintance, Viscount Mandeville, passed him. He had'just called upon Gas, who, as usual, was absent. The happy rascal passed almost every moment of his time at the house of Sir John de Grey. Few who have loved will blame him. Frank recognised Bob in an instant. It was not without surorise and deep interest that he listened to the tale of the barber; a feeling of alarm mixed with it-for it mattered very little whether it should turn out to be Edward Howard or Paul Kemp who had escaped the flames, since either was equally dangerous and likely to conspire against the happinesi of his friend. ' And are you sure,' he said, wnhe the narrator had finished his strange story, ' that one of the two ruffians escaped 9' - .. 'Certain, sir.' ' Who is this Mr. Scratohit ?' de manded Frank. Bob satisfied him on that point. 'Is he likely to be well informed ?' ' Well informed ? . repeated the barber, who had a very high respect for the intelligence of the author; 'bless you, sir, he hears of things, if not before, at least as soon as they happen-it's his trade! He lives by picking up news of all kinds.. He writes,' he added, in a tone of confi dence, ' tfor the papers.' Had the speaker been as deep in the mystery of therpaste and scissors craft as he was experienced in that of the razor and comb, his confidence might not have been quite so perfect, For tunately Frank was equally uninformed upon the subject as himself-to him the information appeared of the utmdst importance. Drawing forth his purse, he would have rewarded the bearer of it; but Bob, with a feeling of honest pride, drew back his hand. ' I have been paid quite enough already, sir,' he said. ' It was not for more money that I came, but to show ,my gratitude; and if any danger really threatens the young gentleman, to put him on his guard.', ' But the intelligence is most impor tant,' said Frank, still urging him to accept the proffered gold. 'Happy to hear it, sir.' ' And must be rewarded,' added t-he friend of our hero. ' We will talk of that another time, if you please, sir,' said the barber. 'Wait till you prove your suspicions to be correct-in the meantime I will keep a close watch upon Ned.' ' Do so and I will warn my friend. By the bye,' he added, ' if you should make any further discoveries, let me know. There is my-address.' Placing his card in the hand of Bob, the speaker got into his carriage, which was waiting in the square, and drove off- in the first place to consult with General Talbot, and in the next to impart all that he had heard to his friend. He found the former at his club, but Gus was out for a drive with Minnie and Miss Stanley. It was not till a late hour in the evening that he encountered the unsuspecting, happy lover. 'Vis-Viscount Mandeville I' re. peated the barber, as he read the card. ' Only to think, now, that that kind, plain-spoken gentleman should be a lord! Why, he has no more pride than I have! I am glad that I re fused his money!' he added, 4ith a glow of' satisfaction. ' Should it turn out, after all, to be a mistake, he can't despise me ! I may never see him or his friend again, but I should not like them to suspect me of meanness after they hiad behaved so generously to me !' (Xo be continued.) In Denmark drunken ,ien are sent home in a cab at the expense of the publican who last supplied them with drink. 