A. j. C. Anticipations. By Nemo. ' To-day (Saturday) 'will witness tlie advent of the spring meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, when half-a-dozen races ?will be set at rest, in cluding the ' Blue Ribbon ' of New South Wales. Randwick looks its best at present, and nothing has been left undone by Mr. Clibborn and the com mittee to bring the reunion through, with flying colours. The programme bristles with brilliancy, and the equine drama will open with the Hurdle Race, which closcd with 36 nominations. The long list was headed by Busaco, who ran so well in the V. R. C. Grand National Steeplechase, and subsequently placed the big steeple at Caulfield to his credit. Hie had been allotted 12st 71b, and although that was not mora than his share, he has been withdrawn. The way in which Yabba put down the brilliant field in the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race fully entitles him to his list 101b ; and if his immediate friends give bim their confidence, he will be sure to take a deal of setting down, for he is a great galloper, and appears to have taken to the fences kindly;' Beggar Boy may be kept in clover for the Steeplechase; but should he be deputed to act here; he should be very handy at tiie finish. There is a gipod record behind Mon trose XL, and the Bathurst mare. Fog has been left with a great- chance at lOst 121b. Elfie has not been overburdened, but the best of them will need fo, be fully . extended to put down Letta ' land, who, with only 8lb more than she carried to victory on Saturday last, must jbe regarded as being wonderfully well in, and she I oply needs to be a little better to rim into the first; | flight. Rushlight may find the jumps a little too - high, but Maud was running so well on Saturday when she made a mistake that she must be looked upon as being particularly dangerous. Considerable improvement may be expected in The Mason, who . on occasions runs surprisingly well, and then again seems hardly to be able to gallop fast enough to keep himself warm. Wonderful does not appear to be able to stay, and the same may be 6aid of Waratahand Rocklands, but there is a good raco^ concealed about Bella, who is especially well in with 9st. It would be worth while to know which will be the selected one of the Melbourne .con tingent, for whatever it may be should just about win ; and Letta Lind, Beggar Boy, and Bella . bid fair to be the best of the others. It is a very difficult matter to tell what will face the flag for the first fiat - race of the meeting, the Trial Stakes, bnt, on paper, the prospects of Gatuno, Bengal, Mitre, and Theodore appear to be as bright as those of most, but the winner may turn up from any unexpected quarter. A great many will fall out of the . Derby at tlie final forfeit, and at the most not more than half a dozen will be likely t* strip. By reason of the exceptionally good form shown by Stromboli as a two-years-old, the son of Chester has held the post of favourite all through the winter, and at the time of writing 6 to i is the - best offer to money. On public form he has a deal the best of it, though it should not be forgotten that at Flemington Penance once gave him astono and a beating. He has gone through a solid pre paration, but his work in the mornings has been of such a mixed character that even the jmost expe- j rienced among the early risers are in a measure puzzled. He will finish injj front of Empire and' Albemarle on one occasion* . and on the next the order of things will be reversed, and so on, so that one can never tell of what he is really capable. Of late years the gallops in the mornings have been little better than a means of throwing dust in the eyes of visitors, and the least notice taken of them the better for those who intend to invest. Judged on his work, unless he has been ' loaded,' ho can hardly be trusted to live to the end of a strongly- run mile and a-half, and that . this race will be bitterly run from end to end there can hardly be a doubt. It may be that Albemarle will be sent to guard his interest, and if so the son of Chester and Angora may take a deal of catching. , I have always been in love with Stromboli's . beautiful sweeping stride, and over a short course '' he should be nearly invincible, but it may be that that very tell-tale stride will help to weary him in a true-run .race, and if, as is certain to be the case, Sulphide be sent to cut out the work for Oxide, the .chances are that the favourite will' spread out and get into trouble before the end of the trip. Though a rarely bred one his blood has not the staying qualities of that, in the veins of Oxide, who is sired by that little wonder of wonders Sardonyx, one of the gamest horses that ever trod a racecourse. Not that Chester, the sire of my old favourite Strom - boji, had not a lion's, heart, bnt it is on the dam's side that' Oxide reads, more like a stayer than the favourite, for, his 'mater' Geraldine, by Yatten don' from Atholine, comes from a better family than Etna, the ' dam of Stromboli. At a mile I should prefer the big fellow, hut the extra four furlongs with a-merry pace made by Sulphide, and, perhaps another, will serve the wiry little black colt, and, 'always assuming that the pace will be a really sound one all the way, I shall look to Mr. Walter Hall's handsome colt to wear down the crack and place the classic race to his credit, for he has done a deal of solid work, and Lamond has bim really well. It is improbable that Penance will start, :but Sun shine is in such great buckle that he' may give trouble, though 8st 10lb will be likely to find him out. A pretty and well contested race may be de pended upon, and I opine that the finish will not differ very much from the following ? OXIDE „ M „ 1 Steomboli .« 2 Sunshine ob Albejiable.. „ 3 The Epsom Handicap has been repeatedly dis cussed in your columns, and therefore there is not any need to travel over the same ground. . Bun- - gebah has left the list, and unless Marvel be saddled, the brunt of the battle may fall to Oxenham, The ' Gift, Kilmore, Centaur, Theodore, Elyinas,' Dick, Volney, Corvette, Grenadier, Empire, and Moraine ; . and to attempt to place them I should venture the following prediction : — OXENHAM ^ ' 'J, ' ' 1 1 Eaa?inE - . -?? ». 2 The Gift ob Elymas .. ..3 If, as I anticipate, Marvel does notplay a part, in. the ' Epsom,' his meeting with MeLos, High- .. born, Megaphone, and Co. in the Spring Stakes will be full of interest, and the places may be thus disposed of :— MARVEL « 1 Megajphone. . .. .. 2 MeloS ... 3 The last event of the daiy, the Kensington Handi cap, is very open; but Chatham, Piecrust, and JEthon, may be expected to run forward. The conclusions -arrived at to-day will open our eyes a bit concerning' what we are to expect on Tuesday. The Shorts and Squatters'^ handicaps must be left alone in the absence of weights, and that leaves us to open with tlie Grand Stand Plate, for which tiie places, in the probable absence of Moraine, may go to, Bendigo, -Strephon, and Souvenir. The result, of the Trial Stakes on the first day will enable one to hit .upon the winner of the Maiden Stakes as between Gatling, Bengal, and Euroka. A pretty numerous field will leave the, paddock for the great event of the meeting, 'The Metropolitan,'.' : for which up to date the top weight, Highborn, holds the post of honour in ! the market. He has undergone his preparation at, Warwick Faun, and so we. are in the dark as to his form ; but as he - looked in rare buckle for the time when , he won. the All-aged Stakes at Rosehill^ and haa, been put through hi« studies by Mr, William For rester, everything is in favour of his being in tip top condition. TTia -weight is a big one, but then there is a racehorse to carry it, aud he will be cer tain to carry it into a creditable position at the end of the battle: It may be that Sir William is hardly ready ; but Scots Grey will be a hard nut to crack the first time of asking ; and Burton has Muriel so well that Sst 2lb will not prevent her from running a great mare on behalf of the West ern district. The length of the journey will be likely to trouble Carrington, Dick, and Jack, and Little Bernie is too sore to be trusted, and he may be an absentee. The handsome Eiymas should have something to say in the matter on behalf of Queensland ; but, as he is pretty well sure to have a fly in ' The Epsom,' we shall have a fresh line about him before Tuesday next. Mr. Ivory has just a look-in with Lancer and Sweetbit, and had the latter kept at his studies regularly I should hardly have been tempted to look further for the winner. The chosen one of Mr. J. B. Clark's pair, Albemarle and Empire, probably the latter, should not be overlooked, and if Sunshine bids high for the Derby his chance should be a great one. The race is very open, and in the absence of market indications the winner is very hard to find, but the following idea may not be very far from the mark : — MURIEL .. .. 1 Highbobn . . . . , . ..2 Stoshine oe Scots Ghost. . . . 3 while Sweetbit, Bel Giorno, or Wandsworth may give a surprise if we are to have one, and for a real cockboat commend me to Centaur, who is very well just at present. The Oaks will, as usual, be a frost, and Corvette or Piecrust should get home in front. It is time this ' Ladies' Race ' was struck out of the programme and something else substituted. On the third day, Thursday, Marvel, Melos, Megaphone, and Medallion will be apt to meet the pride of the three-year-olds, and MARVEL should win. The Derby running will tell us what to expect in regard to the Second Foal Stakes, and at present that event looks like a match between Oxide and Stromboli. The principal events on the fourth day will be the Steeplechase and the Rand wick Plate, and the most likely to get home in front over the big timber are Beggar Boy, Takapu, . and Grafton ; while the Derby winner may appro priate the Randwick Plate. 