Ladies' 60s sip. Iiidy Halle had toe honour of playing to the Tfing ami Queen of Denmark ana. their guests at Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen on the 22nd ult. M. Frantz Neruda, her brother, h«r. On the following Saturday Lady Halle assisted at the Philharmonic Concert at Copenhagen, her brother acting as conductor, when she met with a most enthusiastic recep tion. Mm. Sarah Bernhardt' b birth certificate has been found. She is not a native cf Havre, as she herself supposes, but a Paiirienne of the Latin Quarter. She was born in 1844, her mother being a Berlin Jewess, who was then a struggling milliner in the Rue de l'Ecole de Medicine, a few doors from the house where Marat was living when assassinated by Char lotte Corday. Her sister Jeanne it two years younger. The Coontess of Jersey contradicts toe state ment that she declined to patronise a perfor mance of Ibeen's " Ghosts " in Sydney, on toe ground that " no lady could act the part taken by Miss Janet Achurch." Lady Jersey, in a letter to Woman, says : " The play in question was not Ghosts,' which, as far as 1 know, has never been acted in Sydney ; nor did I assign toe reason stated above for refusing my patronage. The facts are briefly these: Miss Janet Achurch (Mrs. Charrmgton) very- kindly offered to give a performance of Ibeen's 'Doll's House' for the benefit of a fond now bring raised in order to erect a women's college in Sydney. My patronage waa asked, and, under ordinary cir cumstances, would certainly have been granted. I found, however, that great controversy as to the moral effect of this particular play existed in Sydney, and the lady who first appealed to me to be present at the representation asserted that I should thereby manifest my adherence to the views put forth in this drama, and do much towards dispelling the objections raised to them in many quartern. In fact, & considerable section of toe oommnnity appeared to take Ibsen so seriously that they were exalt ing his fancies into a kind of re ligion. I had hitherto thought Ibsen too dull to affect anybody ; but experience shows that this is far from bring the case, either here or in England. I frit, therefore, unable to give the public mark of approval desired to dramas which, to my thinking, pre sented repnlrive characters and pernicious theories. On learning my objection, Miss Achurch most courteously endeavoured to sub stitute another piece for the Doll's Blouse,' but found it impossible to make the change. Of coarse, the various estimates of Ibeen's plays are mere matters of opinion. Mine happens to differ from that held hy Mim Achurch. and other intelligent critics, but I should be sorry that either Miss Achurch or her friends should thinfe X need an expression disrespectful to one whose action was through out generous and considerate." 