The Ghosts Mr. Besant Has Seen. In his weekly letter, Mr. Walter Besant has the following : — " A very good ghost story — one of a churchyard and a phantom funeral has been printed in the Liverpool Post . and copied in the Pall Mall Gazette , where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first figure' I ever saw was about 6 o'clock on an evening in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight ; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked off; as I turned from the window I became aware that a female figure was in the room ; it made no sign, but it mo red about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could ba in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it — a .village built round the. quad rangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left ; part of the buildings ; part of the wail ; toe quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish church ; there were only two or three hundred people living here ; outside ran and babbled the trout stream with ite high bank covered with bashes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At. the inn, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about toe past ; the place was filled with echoes of the past ; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in toe bedrooroB. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more wonderful place. I drove back and spent the evening alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 0 clock went off to bed. Jly room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least 300 years old. All this is in troduction in order to show you why toe thing that I . saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and sat up startled. I found toe room perfectly light; the door, which I had" locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, drts»ed,in the Queen Acne costume, with the pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had l understood how beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round toe fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they said. _ Suddenly — it shames me to. nfoftB toe thing— I was seized with a horrid terror. 1 leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in toe morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my visitors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room ; toe fire slowly burned low ; toe figures sfowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were they ? WeU. You see that I have seen things. But I have heard no thing. Nooom- munication has ever been made to me from the other world at ail, except by the spirit Katie, i4.y taUred "hbish througha medium and A had to pay apoond for it," rab. & teiratoae bWnda when be reede eome of the tombetonee— ehf How he must hold his sides at toe "Torino husbands," "affectionate fathers," "faithful P10 toathe seee kuowabetter?8 ' fal0W bettBr-A 