The Wine That Conquer'g Care. Nay, frown not, fairest 1 Chide no more, Nor blame the blnehing wine ; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go, leave tbe goblet in my hand, Bat veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest, to tbe ancient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and qusfi The wine that conquers care; And breathe upon tbe glowing cup, Till thnB its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange grovea Upon some tropic sea. Then while the fingerB idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart ot fire— Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Bing bravely out once more! Sing till again the ghost- white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the'past ( My soul shall follow thee— Its boundless .depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibration Bhang Enfettered on-the air;' I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conqa^s'care; A Great-Traffic in -Eowls—Speaking of the immense numter.; fif "fowls received weekly at Marseilles, 'France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans ot'fthe ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The Bides are of.lattie&TTfirk;, and internally tha van is.dis^eSS&GD;^ute ttfers, or Shelves. On each tier-v&eri;^An^elve cages, and eaoh page is calqulated-io contain-thiriy birds. In this way Vthe^nraAigionW hqmber of three thousand,tw4nmawd~ and fifty«fowls is conveyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins facwater on one side and for corn onthe otWer, an^there is a door in each through which any£owDhat is injured or siakly e&n; beftt^once removed. The birds, are said not to suffer at all 'to -deteriorate on their journey, though they'fcome from Milan or even from Venice, and in many eases are sent through dircct as far as the. Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a. e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt aB a mle we do BO with justice), bnt if tbe Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made for the aceomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the oarsless kindheartedness of the English, and handed over to the calculating mercies ot the Italian. Beggars Supported by Gamblers-—Perhaps iae eam&eia; are the best support of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a faro bank is located —of oonrae yon don't; yon never eaw anything of that kind, and I know i will be quite a surprise to yon to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are saperrtUious, and they will not npon any coBfideration pees a beggar by without giving him a emtUi contribution. It would be bad luok. Perhaps there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be appeased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He bad a play ooming out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the curtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny. " There," said he, " that's good luck. My play will be a go." It was a terrifio failure. " I wish I'd given him a florin ! " he said. Tbe superstition wss all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. Fig Costumes-—Bichard Wagner genesally received his visitors in medissval costumes euch as he always- wore when composing. Alexandre Somas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. " Too are all dressed np to play 'Gessler,' eh?" said Dumas, with his good- natured laugh, whioh rather hart the feelings of the author of " Tannhaqser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he went to Paris. Attfit same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt round his waist, and enormous riding boots. " Pardon me," said he majeBtioally, " for appearing in my working costume, I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my bootB, which are indispensable to me when I write my love Bcenes." Moral Courage —There is a brave man in Kentucky. The State is noted for the bravery of her sous and the beauty of her daughters; but tbe man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare every where and at all times. His name is John S. Bhea. On the stump recently, Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom npon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Bhea declined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There was some one dependent npon him to whom he owed promotion. 4. His j acceptance of a eball^age would exclude him ' from the practice of his profession in Kentucky. These are arguments which his opponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bonnd to treat their opponents with the most scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but fao6tious applicant for employment in Brisbane called npon the alder-r man from his ward, the other day, andpress T ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon eleotion, nrged the alderman to secure him a place, " Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of the question ; there is no one of the departments that would fit your case." "Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department ? " Female students are numerous in Paris (most of them Russian!-), and generally poor, so they club together and put their resources into a common fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., and a KinolA nrtnW Ana a Ir.v oil. 