I The Musical World. "The Musical World," the publication of < yhich we regret to say has ceased, said iii one of 1 tB late issues that the question, " Can Women J Compose ?" seems to be answered in the affirma- < ive in at least one country, namely, France. < Lady composers are to-day holding high positions < ;here as composers. The list includes : Madame < jîrandval, Mdlle. Holmes, and Mdlle. Charminade, : )f whom the second is, perhaps, the best known. < rhis lady apparently possesses very high powers, < !or a dramatic symphony, entitled " Lutece," from 1 ier pen has been recently received in Paris with 1 nuch enthusiasm. She is, we believe, ot Irish 1 extraction, but in her modes of thought essen tially French. How is it that her compositions ire never heard in England ? ... At any .ate we should like to see in the success of this adies' music as well as in that of the other ladies uentioned, some indication that the time s at hand when it will no longer be need ful to put the question referred to. Up to the ? present it must be confessed shat in England at least there are few feminine 1 tiames in the musical legion of honor. Mrs. Alice : Mary Smith, whose loss is still felt j Miss Maude \ Valérie White, and one or two others, are as yet almost thé only women'composers of note." The "one or'two others'* includes Mdme. V.! Von Pachman, whose contributions to the musical compositions of the age occupy in the esteem of competent critics a very high niche in the temple of the Muses. " The Trovatore " states that the adventures of Orpheus and his lute, either with or without Eurydice, have been set to music by no less than 18 different composers. We venture to say that the music of not one of these 18 operas would suggest to an attentive listener unacquainted with the fine old Greek fable, evon the ghost of an idea of what Orpheus did or is supposed to have done. Music without words is powerless to excite accurate ideas of concrete facts, notwithstanding all that classicists and high art enthusiasts say to the contrary. Mr. Robert Browning's translation of a fugue into poetry is amusing. First you deliver your phrase ; ; . .,> .-, ,.¡ j,. Nothing profound, that I see; ' Fit in itself for much blame or much praise-. ^Answered no less, where no answer need be; . . ¡. Off start the two on their ways. Straight must a third interpose,- ' ;.!.,: Volunteer needlessly help ! ?.:.< ! ...:!,,.;. Zn strikes a fourth, a fifth thrusts in his nose ; So the cry's open, the kennel's a-yelp, Arguments hot to the close. One dissertates, he is candid ; Two must discept-has distinguished ; - - Three helps the oouple if ever man did ; Four protests ; five makes.a dart at the thing wished ; Back to one goes the case bandied. One says his say with a difference ; . .More of expounding explaining! All now is wrangle, abuse, arid vociferonce ; Now there's a truce, all's subdued, self-restraining ; Five, though,' stands out all the stiffer hence. Though some of the phrases in this description of fugal composition seem a little stilted and far fetched, yet ' the ' general correctness of the de scription will easily be recognised. " The Musical Times" in one ol its recent issues apologises for the meanineless character of many of the songs of the day and for smoke concerts in this wise : " Social enjoyment has simply taken a new form. We have our ' glee dinners/ our ban quets with selections of high-class music, and other combinations of music and »ustatory and other pleasures. It may therefore be found that concerts of music which may be en joyed in company with a pipe or cigar, even though they do not tend to the elevation of art, are not necessarily attended with evil to the patrons of this form of indulgence. There is no temporary oblivion from excessive drinking as in days past. There may be on the whole a source of congratulation in the fact that we have ceased to be Bacchanalian, even if we have become tobacco-nalian." We wonder what Apollo or Euphrosyne would think and say if they could visit one of our smoke concerta, and had power to give their opinions of its merits. In another issue of the same journal it is said that Mr. P. Louis Sohneider has been urging the recuscitation of the viole d' amour. " The tone of this instrument," our contemporary says, " is faint and sweet." We doubt very much whether it would suit the present age, or at least the {average miscellaneous concert audiences of the present age, for such audiences almost invariably applaud with enthusiasm vocal power rather I than sweetness. A hundred delicate passages I will pass unnoticed, but the concluding cadence of a song if delivered ore rotundo, and with a great volume of sound, always "brings the house down." We are often told that opera is on the decline ; but statements of this kind apparently are con tradicted by facts. According to the German journals, particularly the Berlin ALLGEMEINE MUSIK ZEITUNG, there have been during the year, that is, during 1888, 39 new operas produced, namely, 16 Italian works, 7 German, 5 French, 4 Dutch, 3 English, 2 Russian, 1 Danish, and 1 Croatian. To these must be added 30 comic operas, viz., 13 French, 8 German, and 9 Italian. During the year there have also been pro duced no less than 73 operettas, 24 of which were by Italian composers, 23 by German, and 19 by French. Not more than two, if any, of the before-mentioned works have been heard in any of the Australasian colonies, so that our musical world is in a great measure ignorant of the amazing fecundity and activity of musical genius in the old world. In short we are behind the age, yet we are continually being told that operatic composition is on the decline. Surely 39 new operas, 30 comic operas, and 73 operettas, the products of one year, do not warrant the assump tion that operatic writing is on the wane. In addition to this mass of operatic compositions, a large number of new symphonies and a host of original dances, songs, and other short lyric works were published during the past year. Money makes some people do some very strange things, and so does the want of it. It is the business of every wise and good man to set himself against the passion for military glory, which really seems to be the most fruitful source of human misery. 