LIFE m THE HAREM. BY AN EASTERN WRITER. Circassian and Turkish Ladies. Slaves and their Position— Real Position of theWlvas— Dally Life. Every .country (writes " Adalet" in the Nineteenth Century. for December) has some customs and traits of character which belong essentially to itself, and nowhere, I think, does this exist more than in Turkey. Uf course, as the Musulman turns for ovory law, social as well as religious, to the Koran, which to him is the sole ar.biter of right aud wrong, he cannot but differ essentially from other nations; and the silenco kept by Christians about us has always seemed sur prising to me, for nowhere could be found belter tools for any author in search of novelty. The different traits, habits, and customs existing in a harem ; tho strange super stition, the childlike faith, tho barbarous credulity of the black; the deep religious sentiment, tho intriguing habit, and the sad spectacle of a noble 'character perverted by want of education, which the Circassian usually exhibits; tho huuglity superiority, innato selfishness, and proud scepticism of tho Turkish girl, would, it seems to me, be come tho pen of tiic greatest author living. But, however that may be, none have written about us, and wo arc as little known with thousands of Europeans visiting us daily as we were when no Christian could pass the sacred threshold of a harem. gradual change. Wo are now littlo by little changing, and the reforms operating in the harem are slowly bug-surely mining our social position. Tho Tuftcisli girl of the period has boen tor a long time looking with deep disaffection on customs which leave her powerless, and make her, so to speak, an alien in licr father's house. Till very lately, however, sho was in a too great minority to act ; in nearly every great harem there are at the most three Turkish girls to perhaps a hundred Circassians, among whom are fre quently included the ladies of the house, and iu fact the mothers of those Turkish girls, their father's mother and their grand- lather's mother, wore all Circassians also. Such being the caso, the Turkish girl ought to count herself as more than half Circas sian, but against this sho lias a very com fortable theory (taken from no less a person than tho prophet himsolf), which, in a country where every woman is counted as a slave, explains that children belong essen tially to their father and can only count their descent from him ; so, armad with tills, she will look on tho Circassians with a hardly disguised contempt, rather amusing to wit ness, ns iu reality tho Circassians are the mistresses of the harem, where they reign supreme. In sober truth we count for very littlo in our homes, where we are, however, treated with more rospe t than any other of its inmates ; but though our father's wives themselves will rise when we enter a room, will give us the pre-eminence every where and will never name us without adding tho title hanom (lady), we know well that we havo less influence iu our father's house than the lowest slave. A European lady would be surprised if this was stated to her, as no Christian has understood the real social position of a Cir cassian in a harem. To a European ludy a slave is servant, a creature who ranks even lower in her . estimation than her cook or her chamber maid. I would not. for. worlds state this to a Circassian slave, because by the fact ot being a Mahomedan a slave holds herself superior to any Christian lady in existence, and will look down on her with as much contempt as the other would show towards her servant. A slave will work, but she will never consider herself abased by it ; to her the period during which she works being considered as a sort of proba tion which must inevitably end . oiie day in her marriage. An English lady once asked mo if bIic should shake hands with a slave. I told her it would be a mere act of courtesy which deponded on her own wishes, but I did not tell her that if sho had not done it the slave would have been seriously offonded. A slave com ing into a room, in an old-fashioned harem, will mix in tho conversation held there without any surprise being testified, nor will any be felt. This girl may become a lady any day, and iu treating her as one beforehand we take off very much of the awkwardness which would else ensue. To this rupid change of position to which all Circassians are liable, and which all our harems witli Circassian ladies as well as slaves, may be traced the real cause of tho want of power felt by the Turkish, girls. Formerly a Turk rarely married his country-woman ; on the principle, I suppose, that 'exchange is no robbery,' ho would marry a Circassian woman slave and givo his Bister to a Circassian man slave or to some penniless Circassian sub altern in tho Turkish army. This was caused by the innate love of power existing in both sexes. A Turkish girl wedded to her equal would by the laws of religion feel herself obliged to treat her hus band with nearly servile respect, whilst when wedded to one so decidedly her inferior she would ho mistress iu her own house and, reigning supreme over her husband and slaves, would never fear a rival. However, as I slated in another paper, this ended when our brothers went to Paris and Oxford, and we became civilised and learnt to wish for better things. Now Turkish ladies are always married to Turkish gentlemen and the Circassian harems ore becoming scarcer, though our fathers are still married to Circassians and in our first homes, slaves are still moro powerful and will probably continue so till a new generation formed of our children will arise. Slaves are rarely jealous of each other when one rises to be a ludy, nor will tho for tunate one treat the other with anything like pride. I have seen a lady, the wife of a rich pacha, rise from her seat in a saloon and kiss the hand of a slave standing near without any surpriso being testified by the bystanders. When a slave, the other had been tho superior of this lady, but now that chance had raised her to a high eminence sho could not act other wise, This continued friendship between slaves, which will survive tho most separate fortunos, is, I think, one of their most beau tiful traits of charaetor. I never saw a slave who was jealous of the higher fortunes ot a comrade, or unwilling tq render her homage if the other had accepted it ; they view such chances as a matter of course, and will kiss the hem of the dross of an ancient inferior who has been suddenly raised to a-high posi tion as joyfully as that of a Turkish girl. This kind feeling will, however, instantly disappear 'if by an unfortunate hazard both arc elevated to the same position in u harem ; and it would bo unnatural wore it notso, for it would be impossible for fiveorsix wives with only oiie husband between them to exist without experiencing any sentiment ol jealousy. REAL TOSITION OF THE WIVES. I must explain here the real position of thoso wives, as this is also unother subject of which Europeans are very ignorant. First of all, then, there is a great difference between the legitimate wife and tho oda lisques. A few years ago, when a man was 20 his father would go to tho slave-markot, and seed homo a fow slaves from which his son would be oxpeoted to choose a wife ; this once over, and the contract oi the fortu nate one written, the , father would consider his duty done, and leave tho rest to the bridegroom 'himself, who would in his turn buy a couple or two of slaves, ostensibly for his wile but really for himself. During the lifo of the father these would still be considered as slaves — that is, supposing tho son livos with him in tho saiuo houso ; for the father, considering himself bound to protect the wifo he had procured, would never permit them to attain anothor rank. But at the fathor's death his own wivos would retire to their children's homes, and tho son's wife would then be installed as lady of tho house, whilst tho others would receive the. titio of odalisques, and each possess her own suito of apartmonts, her own slaves, her own table, and when her .children are older, perhaps her own carriage ; the harem would thus he divided into lodgings, where each lady would lead as soparato a life as if bIib lived in a different home, but over which the chief lady would still possess tho privilege of reigning supreme. The real' position of these odalisques is difficult to explain clearly ; they rank much lower than their children but much higher than their slaves ; in fact, if being at perfect liberty to act as they choose, if doing no more menial work than we ourselves when married arc obliged to do for our husbands, if com manding othors, constitute a lady, then they rank as high as ourselves ; but still, however that may be, they know that their position is essentially insecure, for, if their children wore to die, thoy would instantly fall from their high position, or, if retain ing it, wonld still bo assured that on the day of their husband's death they could not count in any way on their rivals' children for merey or protection. They would then be married out to some ancient servant, or else, perhaps, pensioned, and they might even bo sold, for they would then rank with the slaves ; but in justico I must add that this is done so rarely that not one instance of it has ever come under my notice. life in the harem. Lifo in a harem is much the same as that led by a community of n.uns, with tho dif ference that a Circassian lady has not even the solace of reading, ns they rarely receive an education, and are nearly always pro foundly ignorant. The first work of a Cir cassian lady will he when rising to repair to her- husband's room and drcs3 him ; this done satisfactorily, she will then, in com pany with her rivals, sweep his room, make his bed, and dust his clothes ; where ends her menial service for tho day ; each will tlion retire to hor own room and sow for tho rest of the afternoon surrounded by her slaves, their task being only eulivened by the visit of some Turkish girl of the house, or, bettor still, one of those old women — sometimes former slaves, but oftener poor Turks — who go from harem to harem gaining their livelihood by telling long and wonderful tales, saying prayers for the dead, repeating scandal or scraps of poetry, and who, in a place where, as 1 said before, none can read, are the only and much-prized newspapers. these women are as unscrupulous as they aro amusing, and to them is traced every love affair which occurs in a harem. Tliey have an ustounding genius for intrigue, aud never have been known to miss an occasion for using it ; no master of a house can hear them, but be cannot re fuse them a free entrance to his harem, as alw IvUlD vllvll Ululvl 1 UllfiUv) Y Uiull <YvUm make sad havoc with his family reputa tion. These women will then enter every harem and enliven the long hours with their tales. I could never, however, induce one of them to tell one iu the daytime — they seem to think it unlucky and will consecrate tho day to scandal — but iu tho evening when ladies and slaves are all assembled in the garden by moonlight, the lute boing hushed, the dance having ended, and tric trac havi g .palled at last, every oue will surround her as she tolls one of those wonderful tales of love and battle, or a more weird story of a midnight ghost which she will not scruple in asseverating lias been witnessed by herself. I have often gazed with admiration on the graceful scene which the slaves form when thus listening to her. They will lie about in the moonlight dressed in i heir long intaras (a looso flowing robe tied at the waist with a sash or belt, tho usual dress of a harem), guitar, mandoline, and violin lying discarded at their feet ; tho ladies will reclino ' on cushions placed for them on the grass, whilst hero and there will perhaps be some young man leaning over a slave and murmuring in mockery of a tale which his superior educa tion teaches him to regard as mere nonsense. Of course, however, he must be of the house hold, for none enter tho sacred thres hold of a liarem hut the brothers, cousins, nephews, or uncles of the head of the family ; even doctors are here received umler protest, and only when the invalid lias been covered with a large black sheet so that he may only soe hor hands and mouth. I must state that I am, as a mattoi of course, speaking of the old- fashioned harems, where decency and religious feelings abound to a great degree, and from which fanaticism has not wholly vanished ; of the harem of thoso days, governed by Turkish civilised girls, tho least that is said is the hotter, for if in a few of them modesty still exists it iB in those only where the lady of the house is not so imbued witli tho idea of progress as to for get that sho is a woman and a Mahomedan. the circassians. In a liarem, of Circassians on the other hand, whatever had principles may exist (and I will not deny that somo may bo found there) thoy are at least redeemed by the many elements of beauty and virtue existing bj their side, though these, to our shame be it said, belong tnoro often to tho Circassian than tho Turks. Oue virtuo is, however, general, and that is the fidelity with which, slave and mistress, we will all cling to each other under the moBt adverse circumstances. In a house where I once lived there was an aged and half-blind slave who had come there with her mistress to beg a daily pittance. Their story was a sad one ; the lady had once been the odalisque of a rich pacha, but, her child having died during his father's life, at the pacha's death sho was married out to a rich merchant of Smyrna, where she went to live. Her husband, however, died soon after, and she was loft a widow with an only son, whom she sent to Paris to receive there a European education. There lie learnt to gainblo, and soon squandered away the whole of his father's fortune, nnd, ruined in health' and mind, in debt and broken down, ho came hack to die soon after and leave his mother utterly reduced. Wishing, however, to pay the debts of honor her son had made the poor woman sold hor jewels and all her slaves, and decided to return to Constantinople and bog the master of the house where I met her, and who was a relation of her lato master, to accord her a Bholtor under his roof till her death. This projoct was unfolded by her to the old slave of whom I spoko before, and who had served her whilst she was an odalisque, and followed her to Smyrna, where, having obtained her liberty, sho had married a dragoman, with whom she was then living. As soon as she knew her mistress's wishes, this good woman decided' to follow hor, and, flying at_ night from her husband's home, sho rejoined her and both left together for Constantinople. ' I could not leave her,' the slave explained tome; 'she has never sorvod herself and none will sorvo her here. I have lived for 40 years on her money and cannot be un grateful now.' Sho did not add that what ever had been spent on her hud been well repaid by 40 years' service, and though hor mistress wus often harsh and unkind, she never repented her sacrifice, not even when hor husband, after a long and painful search, found her out and threatened to divorce her if she did not return to him. Neither threats nor prayers could move her, and ho at last discarded her, leaving her as destitute as her mistress ; but not even then did she think her action meritorious, and, strangely enough, every slave in tho house accorded with her viow of the action. " She has eaten hor bread and salt," thoy would say, "and bread and salt has a right." This is in fact i tjie mysterious eond which unites' us all, for in a hai em bread and salt hits a sacred power which commands I our utmost reverence ; none .who saw a piece of bread on the ground would lift it \yithout first pressing it to the lips and fore head. A Turk who says in a moment of anger to his household, " May my bread aud salt riso against you I' has pronounced the worst anathoina he could possibly utter, and there is not one inmate of the harem who will not tremble before its awful signification. Iu a home whore 1 once resided tho lady of tho houso lost a valuable, ring; as 110 stranger bad entered, the slaves wero naturally, accused, nnd the lady, holding a pioco of bread iu her hand, ordered them to come in one by one and swear to their inno cence ; all obeyed till it came to the turn of the culprit, who aB sho advanced turned pale, and, throwing herself at thefeot of her mistress owned to the deed. Sho had stolen, but sho could not violate tho right of bread and salt. This ordeal, however, like the one of swearing on tho Koran, is soareoly used, as it is believed, oddly enough, that though tho culprit will certainly bo punished somo harm must inevit ably fall on tho master of tho house. I only assisted on:c at a swearing on tiie koran. A lady had been taken suddenly ill, and papers of hor length had been found in licr bed scribbled ovor with strange characters. This pointed to witchcraft, and tho slaves, highly indig nant that such an uccusation"should fall on them, proposed themselves to swear to their innocence ; this was accorded to them, and they wero all assembled in tho court yard, for swearing in the house is con sidered highly dangerous. An old woman was then seated on a carput with an open Koran on hor lap, whilst, at a small stream close by, each slave performed her ablutions, and having uttered a short prayer, would advance, and, placing her hand on the Koran, would solemnly swear to her inno cence. All were trembling and hushed by the fearful solomnity of tho action, but this time the culprit was possessed of a stouter heart, as none shirked it ; but when, some weeks after, one of them fell through the window and was killed on the spot she wns instantly ac cused of the crime, aud her death attributed to perjury ; and though no other proof of her guilt was discovered everyqno in tho harem still behoves it. Another quality essentially belonging to slaves is the sacred regard thoy will show to the ties of kindred. A slave who has tho happiness to discover in the same household a sister, aunt, or even onJy a cousin, will from that day devote lier whole existence to her newly-discovered relation ; and when I see the kindness, the patience, the loving care which each will lavish oil tho other, I blush with shamo at tho jealousies, the rivalry, and the indifference which, with all the advantages of a superior education, we still nurse against each other. I think I hare said enough in this slight sketch to givo some idea of our lifo, and I must be excused if I think the picture is not a repulsive one. As I said before, some bad conduct does exist in our Cir cassian harems, nnd, unhappily, to the ex ample given by it the first cause of the reck lessness now pervading the Turkish harems can oe traoeu ; out still m these flays ot tolly and scepticism they are the only places in our country where a woman may be pure without being considered old-fashioned, and religious feelings may be entcrtahicd with out their owner being stigmatised as a fanatic. In fact, no contrast can bo greater than the one presented by a liarem of Cir cassians and olio governed by a Turkish girl, for whilst in the first, religion being the first principle, every action naturally is judged by its standard, tho other has utterly abolished religion as being old-fashioned, and only receives its Jaws from tho statutes of European civilisation. This difference is now oven felt in the slaves, for those of the new harems have not been long in following tho example of their masters and are losing fast all those qualities described in another page. As an instanco of this I may here say somo words of the efforts which I am told the English Government has made in Egypt for the abolishment of slavery. I thiuk I need not state that I am a sincere admirer of tho principles which occasioned them, but I must frankly own that though the arrangements made may be very good for the negroes, thoy cannot profit tne circassians, as anyone who has read tliis paper atten tively will see that no Circassian would ever condescend to go to the slave home or work as a servant. What lias then been tho re sult? Hundreds of white slaves have gone to tho police court for their freedom," and from there have gone to the bad. In fact tliey only took their papers with that 'intention, as no Circassian over thought that slavery was a shame or that it was irksome in any way. Freedom to them moans nothing unless tho freedom given is accompanied by a husband and home, and they know very well that they cannot expect these from the police court, as no marriage can ho valid with tho paper taken from there. Tliey then only go there to ho froo to act as tliey like, and as what they like is not what is good for them thoy havo given a bad repute to the pnliee court, and now no slave who respects herself will go there. I think that in drawing tho attention of tho English to such a state of affairs I am doing the best 1 can to get it remedied, but I frankly own tliat I think that in tho ease of the Circassians no efforts mado for the abolishment of slavery will be successful when coming from the outside. It is we— wo alone — who can, by enfranchis ing and marrying out littlo by little those we. possess and buying no more, end a custom as bad to ourselves as to them. Every scheme in which we do not partici pate will end by doing tho slaves more harm than tliey. will over suffer in a harem. 