VAN DIEMAN’S LAND. TSCE CHUONICXjES. [ili BIO UTS lUJSlSKVJjp.] No. 7. ■ LATINO THE PHANTOM. Superintendent Eyre listened ^attentively, next morning to the report oi the young officers, regarding the vision they had seen on the island cemetery. He did not believe, for >a single moment, ilie.t it wa3 a visitor freui opirit-Iand that was thu3 airing icseif on too oliS, and yet both the adldiers and ihe officers must have been confronted by something very extraordinary, or they would not have been go startled as they were. .“ Of course, I need scarcely ask ii you be lieve in ghosts!” ho queried. ■ “ Indeed, we do not,” was the unanimous answer:1!' v • , v “ And Wall know tbattbere are r.cseltiers ■ in this'region thirty feet high,” he vftSnt on, with a smile. “The object we saw was .of quits that stature,” replied Trench, “ and ic was nos dressed in convict clothing. A .long.beard was also visible." . . . ’ ; “ The,only. thing we can do ts to make an \- ,exhaustive search of.the.islet to-day, and vye might find;soma clue to. the-mystery,”, eaid the superintendent, slowly. “If tve have a human1 being to deal , with .(even though a giant) we will know how to do so, .whilst, if the visitant is of supernatural origin, it is beyond our power to' interfere, and we must only leave it to its own nightly' ! journeys.” , . - - . • , j Eyre was essentially a practical man, and durhig the day he took a number of men to Headman’s Isle and made a thorough search . of it, especially about the cliffs whsre^ the .phantom had been seen. The quest was quite .unsuccessful. Certainly, there were a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic rocks rhreugh which Satan or one of his imps might arise through, but the sound of the sea, booming at the bottom of them, and oc casionally (in -lormy weather) .throwing up spray through the natural blow-holes, made the supposition highly improbable.'( No clue could be found, ana in a few days1 the wonder, created by the statements of the officers, .began to die out, and the ghost seemed likely to be forgotten. . ;' . v-j A slight excitement was created at Hobart j Town when it was bruited around, that the j .prison cemetery was haunted, and a .lew j extra inquisitive people visited the islet in j the hope of catching a glimpse of the phan- | tom. Their curiosity, however, was not 're warded. . On the fifth of October following, a small party of the officers at Port Arthur went, •across to Hobart Town to be present at s dinner, given in honor oi the captain and officers of the ship Argus, hv tho leading residents of the town. This - vessel was a oonviot ship, and it was nearly six years ' previously sinca she had visited Sullivan’s Oove with prisoners. The gathering was a large one, and hold-id the commodious public ball; Almost the same officers managed the ship ns on the first . voyage—six years back— aDd they were rs-^ garded as old acquaintances by the town folk. ■ ■ Lieutenant Trench and his two companions of the fishing expedition were amongst the gueBCB, and appeared to enjoy themselves very much. Such pleasurable gatherings were not frequent in those days. After uoahning the company for some time, the .-lieutenant's' eyes- became suddenly rivetted on one of the guests.near the lower end of the room. His gaze was fixed upon the un conscious man with a curicus puzzled ex • pression; but, after a few moments, lie turned to his companion, and asked him if he knew the person he had been looking at. 'VI believe his name is Tregurtha, and, I understand, ho is a.settler of means. I have only seen him once before, and. that was in .the parlor of the Macquarie hotel,"responded ihemarinddressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much, and for a time he forgot the face which had so interested him. Daring the evening, when the proceedings became free, he found himseli at the lower end of the room with, one of his fishing companions. Looking aoroBB the table, he again saw tile man that he wa3 told was named Tregurtha. TIig. latter was oouversing with the second offioer of tho ship Argus, and the two appeared to be intimate friends. “ Have you ever seen that man before, Edwards?” Drench asked, poiutiDg to Tre gurtha. "■It seems to me I have, and yet I don’t know him.- Thore. is something familiar about the face, but. I don’t even know his name,” answered his companion, ' : Not caring to trouble himself further about the matter, the lieutenant entered into the festivities of the evening with zest. It was sometime near midnight when he left the excited group, amongst which ho had,been Btahding, and walked towards a wing of the building, which had been made into an arti ficial fern dell for those who might , wish to temporarily escape the heated room. He was looking at, and admiring an immense fern-tree, when, through a lull in the noise ■which came from the main-hall, he distinctly heard voices near him, and ho caught the words, “ Deadman's Isle.” That spot had a peculiar interest for him since the ghostly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused. ■» : “I am thinking of leaving the place and making for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangerous for me. The fact that it is now a oemetery -brings too many people to it.” This was spoken in a gruff voice that was not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones of the answering speaker were equsllv strange. ■ “lam told that the place is haunted, so : that you ought not to have many visitors, especially at night, which is the time you iwant to yourself. But I quite agree with your desire .to return to England, for your life must be a dreary one.” “ Yea; ii’s'beginning to tell upon me.' Th9 eternal; booming of the ocean has got monotonous, and I detest it. Yes, I have heard that the islet is haunted, and, would you believe it, Greeves, two searches have aotually been made to find the ghost.” ..(At this Trench, who was eagerly listening, heard tho two men indulge in a hearty laugh. He was moet desirous of seeing who they were, but he did not oare to move, asit might j betray' his whereabouts, and ho would thus i lose the conversation, “I suppose you managed the gho3t business, Penfold?” was the next words he , heard. ‘‘.Yes;,! produced an illusion or two, thinking it might keep intruders away. but it.hasn't done so. However, it amused me, sind proved that I have not lost any of my j old cunning in the use otthe glasses.” , .. j The approach of a guest, in a rather jolly j mood, hereput an end to the talk as be went j in the direction of the voices, and Trench I heard him say : : “ Come on, old fellow, It’s not every day j we see you, and thsre’B some snlcndid ’22 .wine still left.” . j The importunate friend was net to be j .denied, and, S3 the three men passed out of .| the ferns, the lieutenant was astonished to j .see that the two speakers, whom he had over heard, were Tregurtha and the second officer i of the convict ship Argus. i ‘‘What'can these two men have in com- i mbn,” Trench muttered. And he called h'im 3’enfold. That must be. his name, and not Tregurtha, What oan he mean about Dead nian’s'Isla and the ghost-. He Spoke as if he knew all about it. By Jove,” the young man broke out, excitedly. “ He must be the ghost’himself.- 1 thought there waa some thing in hi9 face that I knew. The contour of the head and tho queer long beard were the same 88 those of the phantom,. They impressadthsmselvea on-my memory, and I shall look farther into this.” : Ot-courae; had TrenoH known anything about the escape of Penfold some years be fore, it is more than probable that he would have an idea that'the man before him had something in common with the escaped con Viet; but'; as it was, ho knew nothing of the unfortunate felon’s wonderful escape, and was, 'therefore, at a lose to account for a true hypothesis of their remarkable conversa ble determined to watch the two men that night to try and find out further information, but after waiting until 3 a.m., until they left the halJ, he only discovered that they went to the Macquarie hotel, and were admitted: He. returned to his companions, es they were to bail for the prison at four o’clook, but.he did not tell them anything about the conversation he had heard. When he reached the prison, he went at on'oe. to Superinten dent Eyre end narrated what had come to his knowledge. “ What name did you say that the officer called his companion ?” asked Eyre. “Ponfold. I wrote it down so that I j should not forget it,” answered the young j The superintendent wmt to a shelf, and .'taking Sown a v/ell-bouDd book, looked through it before speaking again. “Ou the- 22ud of April, 1S29, No. 129 (Robert Penfold) escaped from the Hobart Town prison, aud up to date he has not been recaptured. The manner of bis escape was a mystery, and it is supposed that the convict perished in. the forest,” Eyre said aloud, looking at the lieutenant. “ Would it net be strange,” be continued, “if this Penfold were identical with the missing man. And yet it is hardly possible that he could have remained about the settlements without de tection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. Ho must have hod good friends, too, or he could not‘have escaped. Who did you say yvas his companion ?” he concluded. “ The Beoond officer of the conviot ship Argus. I heard him oalled Greeves. lie wa3 one of the chief guests of the even ing-” • “ The Argus, the Argua,” mused the super intendent. *• Why, that’s the name of the ship that was in the harbor when Panfold escaped, eome sis years ago.” “ Yes, sir. I beard it stated at the dinner that she was here "once before about that period.” “Well, I think there is something of im portance in your discovery. Pet, I oannot understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost business, as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself on Deadman’s Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we would have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell oft a clever man to watch him. Be ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour’s ! time to point out Penfoid and Greeves to the j man I will send with you. When you do that, you may remain In town until the fol lowing morning and return with the In an hour’s time Trench was back in the office, where he found the superintendent and Constable Chapman, who was a born detec tive. ’ In company with Trenoh he left for Hobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to find Greeves and Tregurtha—or Peniold, for that was his proper name—in one oi the private parlors of the Macquarie Chapman shadowed them until night, and near eight o'clock they left the hotel, and proceeded toward the river Derwent. \- Lieutenant Trenoh • met Chapman in the street, follov/ing the two men, and he accom panied him. Greeves and Penfold reached the river, and in a few minutes the spieB saw that’they bad a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursue. ThiB Chapman soon did, and in company with the young offioer he followed the men, who were making towards the mouth of the ' Great care was necessary to prevent de tection, but the pursuers were keeping a safe distance away. The ocean was Boon reached, and then it was apparent that Ponfold and hiB companion were heading towards Headman’s Isle. The sea was smooth, bat the distance was long, and several hours passed before the boats came in sight of the frowning cliffs of Tasman’s Peninsula. Soon they entered Port Arthur, and the silvery streaks of light, made by the dipping oarB of the shadowed men, showed plainly that they were'making straight for the islet. “ We . must, risk going closer to them,” said Chapman. “ They have evidently no idea of their being followed.” Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared tho island. The moon was rising, and the first boat ws3 seen to make straight nnder th6 jutting cliffs on the south-east side. “ They surely cannot land there,” spoke TreDch. When he looked again the boat had disap peared, and not a sign of her could be foand, although the skiff, containing the pursuer j, paddled along the side of the rocks where she was last seen. They were rather puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to ac count for the disappearance was visible, but as they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rooks caught Chapman’s eye. “There must bo Borne waterway about here where a boat can be concealed, and I be lieve it is about this place,” he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in the rotten basalt face. He was scanning the cliff in the hope of being able to find a prob able spot, where Penfold and his friend might have vanished, when he caught sight of a thin streak of light, about half way np the stroDg wall. There was no mistaking it. A gleam of light issuing from a craok or hole it evidently was. “ Look, Chapman I What does that light mean ?” he eagerly.asked. “ We must see by some means. There must bo a secret entrance here to a cavern, and our friends are in it at present. I don’t Bee how we are to reach that gleam of light; but we must try.” The boat was now under an overhanging edge of rock, and the rugged face of the cliff, which stood out clearly in the moon light, gave proraise-of secure footing. ‘‘Keep the boat boro, and I will try and climb these-rocks. I think that I can do so,” whispered Chapman to his com panion. ~ Divesting himself of a superfluous coat, the constable caught hold of tho rocky ledge, and, with the aid of his companion, soon swung himself on to it. Then with tho ut most care, he slowly climbed to the spot he wanted to reach, and which, like a beacon, was guiding him onwards. Two or three times the sots rock crumbled beneath his feet, but he was wary and did not relax his grip on the firmer stones. Beaching the small, fissure he looked in, but conld see nothing, as it onrved, and the opening was too small to permit of a proper ob3erva He saw at the first glance that the light is suing from the place was an artificial one, and, with the instinct of the deteative, he bent his head and placed his ear to the cre A distant hum only rcaohed him, whioh might be the moaning of the sea imprisoned in tho. subterranean caverns or human voices, but he could not detect which. He made a careful examination of the looality immediately around, and put marks in several places so tbat he would be able to recognise the spot again. While he was doing this he beard bis name faintly whispered, and, recognising the tones as that oi his companion, he hastily descended. “Hist,” spoke the voice of Trench. “ Come hack to the boat. I hear the-soand of voioei and the splash of oars apparently at the back of tho cliff.” “ Smuggler’s Cave,” In next week’s isssue, will continue and conclude the mystery of Deadman’s Isle. It will be one Of the moBt interesting ohapters in this convict history, and will show how great emergencies wUl bring oat wonderfal qualities la a mao. 