A NEW TRINITY. Why IB the eternal Trinity of Almighty God not enough for Rome ? Why has a created Trinity baen added thus ?— "God was not content only to make man Btter ills own imago and likeness, bnt would also make a created image and likeness of tbe nnoreatod Trinity, in these three wonder ful personages — Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, whom He ohose for the mystery of the lii- oarnatioD, so that as the throo Persons of the unoreated Trinity have ail co-opsrated to the saored mystery of the Incarnation ; so tbey would also make an illustrious and oroited emblem of themeelves, to co-operats likewisa towards the erme mystery." — ' Glories of Joseph,' pp. 24, 25, C. M. Warren, 21, Upper Ormondqnay. " What affections are due to this admirable Trinity. ... If love attend merit, what can be next the uncreated Trinity bnt the created ? and next to the Father, and Son, and Holy Ghost, bnt Jeans, Mary, and Joseph, who ought to have the next; place in onr affections?" — Same, p. 25. " Wherefore our greatest devotion, after that to Jesna and Mary, ought to be to St. Joseph, without any fear or apprehension that any saint or angel will thereby be dis honoured ; they all | giving him tbe prece dence, knowing very well what honour and devotion is due to the Spouse of Mary, tha Mother of God, and t-j the third person of the amiable created Trinity— Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. — Same, p. 21. Again we find in the same book " O . Jesne, Mary,, and Joseph, most blessed Trinity, blsBS me with the triple benediction of the thrioe holy Lord. May Jesus replenish me with the benedictions lie merited for ms by His life and death. May Mary share with me the immense benedictions she has been loaded with by the blessed fruit of her eacred womb. May Joseph impart to me the abnn- dant benedictions he rsceived from JesuAand Mary. May Jesos, Mary, and Joseph sanctify my memory, my iinderstanding, and my will. May they bless all my thoughts, words, and actions ; may they take so absolnte a poBses eion of all that is in me, that 1 may totally belong to Jesus, Mary, and Joseph in life and death, in time and eternity ; that I may adoro praise and love inoessantly and for ever, with this holy and blessed Trinity, the divine and eternal mnity." — same, pp. ziu, zii. -i In the eame book is added Pius Vll.'s grant of an indulgence of 300 days to the faithful eaoh time they devoutly repeat these three 'inspirations,' and ' all applicable to the souls in purgatory,' 'Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, 1< offer yon. ray heart and soul. " Jesos, Mary, and Joseph, assist mo in my last agony." "Jeans, Mary, and.Josepb, may I expire in peace with you."— Same, p. 215. " Thns saith the L jrd, 'The heait 's perversa above all things, and nnsearohable, whoican know it? 1 am tbe Lord who search i.thie heart, and prove the reins : who give to every one according to his way, and accord- ing to the fruit of his devices. — Jer; xvii, 9, 10, R. 0. Teak 