[ALL BIGHTS DESERVED.] THE COUNT'S MILLIONS. A ROMANCE: "BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE. Solange was the only passenger. But at St. Elmo another was taken on. board-a tall, thin fellow, with red hair and an aquiline nose. When Maurice, leaning over the taffrail, beheld this individual approaching from afar, he uttered an ex- clamation, and the pipe which he held between his teeth escaped from its posi- tion, and, before he could catch at it, dropped into the Pacific Ocean. ' Well,' said Maurice to himself, with the resigna- tion of a philosopher, ' the pipe is gone ; but if François Dupont has come «it is a compensation!' And Dupont it actually .was-neither more nor less. These two men had belonged to the same regiment, and had stood shoulder to shoulder on more than one battlefield. Dupont, after his term of service was over, had knocked about the world for several years ; he had been an acrobat in London, a gambler in Ceylon, a miner in Australia, and a sheep farmer in New Zea- land j and now, with a few thousand ' dollars in his pocket, he was on his way to Central America, with no very clear ideas as to what he would do when he got there. But he was not the man to get the worst of any situation in which he might find himself ; nothing frightened, nothing depressed him ; withal, he was a most en- tertaining companion, having resources of anecdote, humor, and dare-deviltry that never knew exhaustion. No wonder, then, that Maurice, who for more than two months past had scarcely exchanged two score sentences with a human being, was highly delighted to see thus unexpectedly his old comrade. But, after the first greeting« had been exchanged-and very hearty they were on both sides-Maurice began to reflect that perhaps the encounter was not so fortunate after all. For Dupont, besides being com- municative, was inquisitive ; and he had not been on board half an hour before he had asked Maurice all manner of un- answerable questions about himself, his destination, his objects in travelling, and a dozen things besides. How to meet this broadside of interrogatives Maurice knew not, for his character was straightforward and unimaginative. He told lies awk- wardly-and, on the other hand, if he kept silence, the result could only be to stimulate his friend's inquisitiveness still farther. Finally he attempted a compro- mise by informing Dupont that, for certain good and sufficient reasons, he preferred not to specify his exact intentions just then ; but that, after they had arrived in New York, he would willingly tell him all he cared to hear. Dupont, who had all the imagination that Solange lacked, was gifted also with the power of effectively disguising his feelings and designs when he deemed it expedient to do so. He accordingly pro- fessed to be satisfied with the other's ulti- matum ; but, at the same time, privately made up his mind to get at the bottom of the mybtery, whatever it was. And very likely he would have succeeded, but that destiny chose another way to bring about the issue. While the Santa Lucia was still a thou- sand miles distant from her port, sailing over smooth seas, with light but rather baining winds, tho second mate fell ill, and the captain, after investigating his condition, returned to the deck with a gravo face. The mate remained shut up in his bunk for two days, during which time there was a great deal of more or less out- spoken speculation among the ship's com- pany as to tho nature of his illness. The eaptain, in answer to all inquiries, re- sponded that the mate was suffering from H bad attack of indigestion, and would be all right in a day or two. But on the third day Dupont, who was always the first to discover everything, told Maurice that the disease the mate had was yellow fever. Twelve hours later thc mate was dead, and then the truth was known to everyone. Before sunset a eeaman had caught the infection, and ihat night three others were seized with the pestilence. There were twenty-five persons on board when the ship left St. Elmo; at the end of a week after the fever appeared, only iii Wea wore left alive. The captain, Dupont and Solange were the most active in nursing the sufferers. The two first had seen yellow fever before, and Solange showed the handiness and adaptability of an old campaigner. These three were also the only ones who escaped the panic that is among the most effective predisposing causes of the1 disease. As fast as the men died they were stitched up in their ham- mocks and buried in the sea. No one who had been attacked recovered ; but at length the epidemic seemed to have run its course, and for two days there were no fresh cases. Then, when all seemed well, Solange himself was smitten. He struggled man- fully against the fatal grasp of the fever, but in vain. When he realised that his time had in- deed come, the anxiety caused by the thought of the peril to which his recent mission was thereby exposed had the effect of making his disorder worse. His mind was in no less pain than his body ; he had set his whole soul upon fulfilling the Empe- ror's command, and he could look upon his illness in no other light than as a crime on his own part. He had undertaken a duty--as important a one as had e ver been intrusted to a soldier-and he was about to fail in it. The Emperor, never hearing from him, would suppose that he had been unfaithful, and had yielded to a base temptation. It was more than probable that the whole future of France might be compromised by his failure. He writhed in helpless agony at the reflection. And every hour-every minute-he grew worse, and knew that fate would be too much for him. Dupont, meanwhile, faithfully tended him ; the lank, red-haired adventurer dis- played all the tact and cleverness of a woman. He always spoke cheerfully to the sick man, and his genius for telling amusing stories seemed to grow with the demands upon it. Nevertheless, Dupont knew that the chances of his friend's re- covery were infinitesimal, and he per- ceived that he had something on his mind. Dupont had previously made up his mind that he would find out what Solange's mystery was, and he awaited develop- ments. One evening, after a long silence, So- lange spoke : ' How far are we from Panama, Fran- cois ?' * Still two days at least, if the wind ia fair, mon brave.' 'Sacre !-I shall never last it out.' ' Never lose heart t You, will be all right in a day of two.' * I shall be at the bottom of the ocean. Ah, I know it ! I have tried my best, but it is no use. The Emperor will curse me for a scoundrel ?' ' The Emperor ?' repeated Dupont, look- ing up. ' Did I say the Emperor ? Bah ! my mind wanders.' ' Listen to me, Maurice," said Dupont, bending over him. « Your mind is not wandering, but there is a weight upon it. I have seen it all along ; it has retarded your recovery. Come ! I am your friend, am I not ? If I were as you are I would confide in you. I don't know what worries you ; but, if I did, I might be able to help you. And if I can you don't doubt that I will-eh ? Come ; free your soul, my lad, and your body will be all the better for it.' 'If I were sure that I must die'-mut- tered Solange, hesitating. * You are a sick man ; but I have told you the only chance for recovery, said Dupont, shrugging his shoulders. ' One believes in Providence, I suppose ? Well, is it not Providence that has sent your best friend to your side at such a moment ?' The dying man fixed his eyes upon the speaker. ' Francois,' he said, * if I; tèll you this secret, will you swear to be faithful to the trust ? will you carry it out as if you were myself? This is no child's play, be sure of that ! You are a good fellow you are my friend ; but if you were my brother or my father, it would not be too much.' * * Make yourself easy on that score, mon cher,' returned the adventurer, laying hie hand on the other's shoulder. ' I don't want to drag out of you anything you prefer to keep to yourself, and it is only in your own interest that I speak. But ae to trusting me-what shall I say? 1 I have lived as I can-I don't deny it: but, after all, I am an honest man, and I would as soon think of betraying you us of scuttling this vessel and swimming ashore. Voila!' ' If you keep your word, Francois, you will be fortunate the rest ' of your life,' said Solange ; * but,' he added, half raising himself on one elbo w, ' if you do betray me, may you die as. I am dying, and with no one to love you ; and, until you die, my ghost shall haunt you day and night, and make your life a horror !' ' Bah I bah ! there is no need of this/ said Dupont, with a laugh» ' I have said that you may trust me, and I can say no more. Now, do as best pleases you.' ' Bend over here, faltered the other huskily, * and let. me whisper in your ear.' # # # # # # Solange died just after midnight. Du- pont, after securing all the papers that he could find 'in the stateroom, prepared the body for burial, and, with the assistance of the captain, heaved it overboard. * May your sleep be peaceful, old comrade,' he muttered, as he leaned over the bulwarks and marked the phosphorescent glimmer as the corpse sank in the depths of the sea. ' Truly you had a heavy load to carry on this earth. You were not equal to it ; and Providence, who favors the strong, trans- ferred it to me. Well, I shall know what to do with it, ghost or no ghost 1 Fare- well.' The Santa Lucia reached her port two days later. A tall, red-haired man, who announced himself to the authorities as one Solange, a peddler of wax fruits, came ashore and, with a carpet bag and a small box immediately left for A spin wall. It will be remembered that the jury had adjudged Keppel Darke guilty of murder in the second degree-perhaps to fortify their consciences against the phantom of that small man with the hair on his face. The public-so far as the newspapers re- presented it-professed itself satisfied with the sentence of imprisonment for life in Sing Sing. The prisoner himself how-_ ever, was ungrateful enough to declare himself highly discontented j and Olympia Raven, who contrived, in spite of her motherîs protestations, to gain access to the prisoner before he left New York, said to him words which he never forgot, and which made him resolve never to give up the hope of freedom. ' Keppel,' she said, * I know you are innocent ; I promise to love you always, and never to marry any man but you.' The authorities were very proud of the celerity which had characterised their con- duct of the case from the beginning ; in- stead of lingering along for two or three years, they had their man convicted in three or four months. It was a lovely day in June when sentence was pro- nounced ; and, in order to maintain their good record, they arranged to dispatch the prisoner to Sing Sing that night. At sunset a heavy thunderstorm sprang up, and, instead of clearing away after an hour or two, fresh battalions of clouds gathered as darkness fell, and the electri- cal flashes and detonations shivered and re- sounded through the heavens. The train with Keppel on board started from the station in the midst of a drenching rain. Keppel sat in the car next the baggage car. Frank Monroe, the detective who had arrested him, sat in the seat by his side. His left wrist was fastened to the right wrist of the officer by the handcuffs. An- other officer sat in the seat in front of him. There were about twenty other passengers in the car ; but few or none of them were aware that Keppel was a prisoner-still less that he was the famous murderer of Harry Trent. Most of them began to be sleepy after half an hour or so, and dis- posed themselves as comfortably as they could for a nap. Even the detective's eyes were heavy, and he kent himself awake only by a vigorous chewing of tobacco. But Keppel was not sleepy in the least. He felt as if he should never sleep again. He reviewed in his mind all the incidents of the last three months. A silent passion of rage and re- bellion seized upon him. He felt that to gain liberty he would do murder a hundred times over. He was at deadly war with the world ; it had taken from him, with- out justification, everything that he held dear. No imaginable retaliation on his part could be too great. But he was abso- lutely helpless. He was chained to his captor, and in little more than an hour he would be between walls that he could never scale. The rain dashed against the windows ; the lightning glared through the darkness. Oh, if Heaven would but send a bolt to shatter his his fetters and set him free! His eyes, wandering about the car, be- came fixed upon a young man who was éeated in the next seat forward, on the other side of the aisle. It struck him that this young man hore a considerable resemb- lance to himself. He was tall and rather slender» and had long dark hair that hun» down on the back of his neck. His hands were slender, with long pointed fingers. The face was scarcely like his ; the nose Was different, and .there was a slight Bum- stead of being black like Keppel's, was a grey summer tweed. He sat in the corner of the seat by the window, with his head thrown back, asleep. How careless and secure he looked I He had a happy life before him. There were no fetters round his wrists ; no gloomy goal to shut out for ever the smile of the world and the com- panionship of men. But for the accursed blind fate that makes the innocent suffer for the guilty, so might Keppel haye been sitting at that moment. He ground his teeth together,, and a sweat broke out on his forehead. A shock jarred him to his centre, and the next moment his left arm was almost wrenched from its socket. He was lying with his head on the floor of the aisle ; the car, with a rending and crackling noise, was lifted almost even and then fell on its side. The lamps had fallen and were extinguished; in the darkness something came grinding swiftly toward him and went by. He heard the shattering of splintered glass and the groan of tearing timbers. There had been a rugged leaping and a series of terrific concussions ; now all motion ceased, but there was a defer- ing hiss of steam. The soft night breeze blew on his face and he felt the rain fall- ing. A dark, irregular mass loomed in- distinctly between him and the sky. And now he heard screams and cries of deadly anguish, and calls, confused and aimless. One woman's voice shrieked pierciingly, and then was silent. He lay in the midst of bewilderment, ruin, and death. His arm was paining him. He changed his position so as to relax the strain upon it. His wrist was still chained to that of the officer and was bleeding ; he spoke to the man, but got no answer ; he was lying in a strangely twisted attitude, his head was bent into his breast ; Keppel seized him by the shoulder ; the man's head swung over loosely to the right ; his neck was broken ; . he was quite dead. Keppel got on his feet, standing on the side of tho car ; his eyes becoming accustomed to the darkness discerned the feet of another man protruding upward from a mass of debris ; just then a nash of lightning re- vealed his face ; it was that of the other officer ; his body was crushed to a pulp by the ragged end of a broken beam. Keppel waited a moment to collect his thoughts. In the midst of the horror and chaos surrounding him a spasm of hope and joy caught his heart and he laughed aloud. His brain became in an instant preternaturally clear ; he saw what he must do and realised that no time was to be lost in doing it. Stooping over the body of the detective, he felt in the pockets of his clothes, and in a minute or two found a key-the key that unlocked the handcuffs. He applied it; the next moment he was free. But he was not safe yet ; there could be no safety as long as there remained any probability of pursuit. Keppel looked round him. Wedged between two seats on the oppo- site side of the aisle, which in the present position of the car was on an inclined plane above him, was a body, whose right arm, hanging downward, was within Keppel's reach as he stood. He took hold of the hand ; it was limp and clammy-the hand of a corpse. Bracing his feet against some fragments of wreck he grasped the body round the waist and dragged it from its position. It was, as he surmised, that of the young man in whom he had fancied a resemblance to himself. He had been killed by a mass of metal, which had struck him in the face, crushing in the features and front of the brain. Except that thé countenance was thus ren- dered utterly unrecognisable, the body seemed uninjured. Keppel chuckled, 'You have died to save me,' he said ; ' at the right moment and in the right way. May your soul have peace, brother.' (TO BE CONTINUED. «'Waa your uncle's will read yesterday? Yes." What did he leave you ?" " He left me out." Bridegroom (tremulously) : "You're not nerv- ous, darling ?" Bride (widow, firmly) : " Never was yet!" Sunday-school teacher : " What is more to be desired than great riches ?" Chorus of scholar! -"Nothin' 1" 