IS POETRY DYING ? (Mr. Edjiuxd Gosse, in the New Yobk "Foeuil") : is poetry, in its very essence, an archaic and rudimentary form of expression, still galvanised into motion, indeed, by anti quarianism, but really, obsolete and there fore to bo cultivated only at the risk of affectation and insincerity ; or is it an art capable of incessant renovation—a living organism which grows, on the whole, with the expansion of modern life 1 In other words, is the art of verse one which, like music or painting, delights and consoles us with a species of expression which can never be superseded, because it is in danger of no direct rivalry from a similar species ; or was poetry meroly the undeveloped, though in itself the extremely beautiful, infancy of a type which is now adult, and which has re linquished its charming puerilities for a mode of expression infinitely wider and of more practical utility ? Sculptors,singers, painters must always exist ; but need we have poets any lunger, since the world has discovered how to say all it wants to say in prose ? Will anyone who has anything of importance to communicate be likely in the future to express it through the medium of metrical language ? Probably thcro would havo been no need to face this question, either in this generation or for many generations to come, if it had not been for a single circumstance. The great enemies of the poets of the \irosblit iii-e the poets of the past, and the antiquarian spirit of the nineteenth century has made the cessation of the publication of fresh verse a possibility. The intcVIclJT;Uni condition _ of 0Ul; .mies differ from that of all preceding ages in no other poiut so much as in its attitude towards the writings of the dead. In those periods of renovation which have refreshed the literatures of the world, the tendency has always been to study soma one class of deceased writers with ailectioiL The activity of tho 'dead is now paramount and threatens to paralyse . original writing altogether. Every poetic Writer of any a^e precedent to Our own has now rt chalice of popularity; oftcrt a Very ntilcli bettbt. bhiinco than he pdss'dsitid during liis own lifetime. In this greatjfhrong of resuscitated soiils, all of whom have forfeited their copyright, how is tho modern poet to exist 1 He has no longer to compote—as great " his forefathers did, from Homer down to Ben"—with the picked genius of the world. At every turn the thronging company af tho ghosts impedes and disheartens the modern writer, and it is no wonder if the new Orpheus throws down his lyre in despair when the road to his desire is held by such an iiiViridibld ilrrriy of spectfeSi On the whole, however, it is highly un likely that the antiquarian passion of our age will last. Already it gives signs of wearing out, and it will probably be succeeded by a spirit of Unreasonable intolerance of the biist. Intellectual invention Will not allow itself to be pinioned for ever by these soft and uni versal cords of tradition, each as slight • as gossamer in itself,.but overwhelming in the immense mass. As for tlie old ptfetSj .yduiig verse'-writer^ iuajr nota with giefe tliafc they are being caught in the butterfly net of education, where thsy will soon find the at tractive feathers rubbed off their wings. One by one they pass into text- books and are lost. Chaucer is done for, and so is Milton; Goldsmith is annotated, Scott i3 prepared for "local examinations," and..eveii^ Byron; the loose, the UjigraniniAticilj M il school Wdlti The noble army of extension Iti'ct'ures will scarcely pause in their onward ™ar.c.'1- shall see Wordsworth captured, ijiiclisy boiled down for the use of babes,and Keats elaborately annotated, with his blunders in classical mythology exposed. The schoolmaster is the only friend the poet of tho future dares to look to, for hn alone has the power to destroy tho loveliness and mystory which are the charm of the old poota. Even a second-rate Verse-writer may hope to live by the side of an Elizabethan poet edited for the Clarendon Prods; n It ia usually said, in hasty generalisation, that the poetry of the present age is unique in the extreme refinement of its exterior mechanism. Those who say this are not aware that the great poets whose virile simplicity and robust carelessness of detail they applaud have; almost without exception, been scrupulously attentive to form. "But what is true is that- a care for form and a considerable skill in the technical art of verse have been. acquired by writers. of. a lowest order', and that this sort of perfection is no longer the hall-mark of a great master. We may expect it, therefore, to attract less attention in the future; and although, assuredly, the bastard jargon of Walt Whit man, and kindred returns to sheer barbarism, will not be accepted, techmical perfection will more and more be taken as a matter of course, as a,portion,of the,..poet's, ttairiitig whiilJi shall be as indispensable, and as little worthy of notice as that a musician should read his notes correctly. Less effort, there fore, is likely to be made, in the immediae future, to give pleasure by the manner of poetry, and more skill will be expended on the subject-matter. Poetry, if it exist at all will deal, and probably to a greater degree than ever before, with those more frail and ephemeral shades of emotion which prose scarcely ventures to describe. The existence of a delicately organised human beings is diversified by divisions and revulsions of sensation; ill defined desires; gleams of in tuition, and the whole gamut of spiritual notes descending from exultation to despair, none of which have ever been adequately treated except in the hieratic language of poetry. The most realistic novel, the closest psychological analysis in prose, does no more than skim tho surface of the soul;. verse has the privilege of 'descending into its depth. In the future, lyrical poetry will probably grow less trivial and less conventional, at the risk of being less popular. It will inter pret what prose dares not suggest. It will penetrate further into the complexity of human sensation, and, untroubled by the necessity of formulating a creed, a theory, or a story, will describe with delicate accuracy, and under a veil of artistic beauty, the amazing, the unfamiliar, and even the portentous phenomena, which it encounters. The social revolution or evolution which most sensible people are now convinced is imminent will surely require a species of poetry to accompany its course and to cele brate its triumphs. If we could foresee what form this species will take, we should know all things. But we must believe that it will be democratic,and that to a degree at present unimaginable. The aristocratic tradition is still paramount in all art. Kings,princesses, and the symbols of chivalry are as essential to poetry, as we now conceive it, as roses, stars, or nightingales. The poet may be a pronounced Socialist; he may be Mr. William Morris ; but the oligarchic imagery pervades his work as completely as if he were a troubadour of the thirteenth century. It is difficult to understand what will be left if this romantic phraseology is destroyed, but it is still more difficult to believe that it can survive a complete social revolution. A kind of poetry now scarcely cultivated at all may be expected to occupy the attention of tho poets, whether Socialism hastens or delays. What the Germans understand by epic varse—that is to say, short and highly finished studies in narrative—is a class of literature which offers unlimited opportuni ties. What may be done in this direction is indicated in France by the work of M. Coppee. In England and America we have at present nothing at all like it, the idyllic stories of Mr. Coventry Patmore presenting tho closest parallel. Tho modern interest in the drama, and the ever-growing desire to see literature once more wedded to the stage, will, it can hardly be doubted, lead to a revival of dramatic poetry. In religious verse something, and in philosophical verse much remains to be done. The wider hope has scarcely found a singer yet, and the deeper speculation has been very imper fectly and empirically celebrated by our poets. »Whether love, the very central fountain of poetic inspiration in the past, can yield many fresh variations remains to be seen. 