They Saw the Ghost. One night recently, two horror-stricken youths rode rapidly into town, with their hair on end and terror in their eyes. They had just come from Pitt Town, and bad been interviewed by the M'Kenzie's Bridge Ghost on the way. It is a re markable fact that each of our country roads re joices in the possession of one or more ghosts, I though we have never managed to catch a glimpse of. them. If one travels along the Richmond-road at nighty he is cautioned to beware of the apparition supposed to be located there ; Wilber force-road is alleged to be haunted by some rest less spirit ; whilst on Pitt Town-road most way farers look for an intervisw whenever they pass that way. On the night in question, the young men alluded te assert that the ghost was of the female persuasion, and came from the road just when they were near the bridge. One of them made a dive at the spectre with a whip, but failed to assault it, and it swiftly glided off, and left the scene in order to secure safer quarters. There is no doubt that the travellers saw something, and it scared them, too; but it was evidently a good, substantial human being made up for the occasion. Practical jokes of this kind will one of these fine .nights get the person who plays them into diffi culties ; and when some startled wayfarer has laid him out with a-stick or a lump of rock, the ghost industry will become unpopular. We travel at hight a trifle, but we've never yet seen a ghost ; the first one that busses round when we are on the road will have to Ump/ away or be carried home on a shutter. There Í6 no fun in this sort of thing at all ; we don't mind seeing a genuine ghost, but we object to the spurious substitute ?altogether. Of ghosts, Josh Billings has written : " Ghosts are like a great meany other things in this world-often* heard of but seldom seen. I will give £1500 to see a ghost, £250 more to own one ; but I want one kaught whole and not hurt. Mi friend Barnum will take a whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. Ghosts allus dress in a white nitegown sort of rig, and are the quickest that have ever been trotted out. Their ordinary gate is a mile a seckund, but it iz sed, for a purse, they can beat this handy. I would really like to see one go in public for munny- private time iz alwus suspishus." So say we. 