CCOIS.'J , JrJ'ii'-OIUES. £yi'J7? 'h? took'H for the !?I-c""" > !mi l t r rJiow'lor lCuUntillocl! local Vuiriatiuiii bod expected a mcio pop. i n ? j cniM\ '-'i this <'cc;iiiori. A £cjl, rV-t'u I.""'.i'eu b-r.uiiful nrul ttttiw. He r.-rlic.l : "Wid. for benny. I'll no hay ; liMce.'i lvov, for qntcr, I unco caw n pcaoock vri , n ioodcu lei; ut lVehl.Je." Iloro aro boiuo inetanceH of oddities of ??.inrM- iicn. A. Kcntcli ]iiib]ibi.n wun coin. u.uum ?! -" m?iil. If.l Kiid that phe' <! 'U' ,l ucvit 1)0 found Tvixri want..!. "Slie'U iianrc cot o , tho hou"c," he taid, "twenty lime" fur onco i;be 11 co:ac in. . . . A countryman ?'?t l " " nn-uoneriu to examica tr.a wild beast*. S..viml (?cnt'.c. men tiprcfted tlio opinion that the c.rr.ng outcDb! w m c* loivt:r ordor of tho huruan specicn. Hodge did cot like -thin idea, and Btriiliup cp to ll:u gentlemen cx;>rrf cc.l hii cootempt f? r *' these woids : " Puoli? hup no more of the human sptciea than I he. ' ~ . " Jlnramn, is ttiot n spoiled child I" aa'lcila little boy, on uecinu a negro baby for tbolirel ttmo. JuliU) Kiohhcrt! tola thin Btory to Arlo liatcs: "Our tcueher of tinging," miid he, " was at one time ill, and for n ivhilo I took charge <.f llio vocnl olarktr. day, r. lady, arriingauicuta fur tailing; privuto Iceeon? in Binginc.' The results of my trying horvoice wore not particularly encouraging, and at Ihecii.lof tho ccccud k-erou I felt itioy duly to tell her thit hiruar cli-.I not eccm to rue to ba true. Sho rcosirtd tho remark viry coolly, and at tho noxt leEHon went on i*inf{ incne badly aa ever. 'I urn afraid,'leaid to her, ? tUnt you can never loam to oing in tuno ' ' Oh, it doesn't matter,' ehc returned. ?Docen't matter V I ar.V.cA, naturally rather eurpriEcil. ' I don't care ttnylhini; übout tho mupio.'u'ae her rxplonntion, ' but my doctor buid that nii-'Kiny would bo the bent thing for my dyspepsia, and bo I decided to take lessoue. , " A very poor notor in 13 had plnyecl tho n?rl ol the Ghost in "Hamlet" for cihny yonr... Saphir, the German wit, eceiD?him, said :" It would b rt v. good thiii? i[ tliie nun tare up the ghost, to that somebody elm uonM luliuhid pirt." Hcarin? Burprieo ex. bcGJUay Ujllutab made no eenaatiou during bin Blay in Paris, Sapbir rcniatked : " Thot'B perfectly natural; ho wav travellin? inco?nito under tho namo of Utllotab. -, A jorniK 0000 sent tho bumoriHt on " Odo to luir:iortality,"requestin? hia opinion of it. Hsphir returned tho roanutcript with the moeeage : " Thia packet will never rcc.ch its addrese." '? Three poreonf," remarked tho wit, " Bleop Eoundly—a child, a oorpne, and a night wiitaliman." During his ecjourn in X Sapbir was frequently in tho society of a woll-knov/n thoatrioal manager whoso aullncso wan notorious. " How olranpo it is thot my lejjj no to eloop every day 1" he to mnrUed. " How ojn you wonder," returned Sopbir; they are always in jour corn, pany." Tho daughter of bn Rnglieh banker hoe caused a'?reat eonaation by (liu-rnilj) "mating v/ith a down." It certainly Beeme on anonioluua tliinj; to do, for banliinK and oireuo ciroka con bo hardly naid to touch. rear? u K o (inya J,.inen !'?yu). I knew a EPiitlumnn v.ho settled in tho South, and bjcuino bo popular in his neighborhood that even the "county familiea " oondosoendod ?o visit Jiini. They never could dieoover how lie )i:id mado hie money but wore tatiafled by hie soJeuin aeeuranoo that it wae not in trado. Nothing oould exceed tbo ordinary gravity of hia demeanor, which, indeed, oausod him to be placed in tho Com. rmeaion of the Peace ; but i.ow and then, without any apparent provocation he would burn into tuicli a laugh a, nu one ever heard .)oloio except in ono p!noo. Where they could hav K hoard it V u?.z\,l the county fatr.llic? far live uml-tivcuty > firs ? hut ut l?l he wa, b,t r r.yed, by )"e ii.vn grandchild after a vim to ? tenvL-llino oireiia; "Grandpa !a j ? |, a HUe the clown I" U'ai thero ovor a man snatched from death wna d.d not fed on inclination to K ize upon ho p aco wlht,, ho hod hr.on almoKt dooo ed? Ihu .nnuone, of thi,, u? C c but m-.turM Isoling la exhibited by a ctoi v told in Cuek nurn? "Circuit Journeys."" Mmiy jciuh "co. inEiinbiirgh, aman narcul Elliot wue ".?onv;otcd of iionio capital rffeuoe, and rantenced to bo Oivio X to a le R al joubt ho ? 3 pardoned a day or t*o beforo he v,-aa to have bufforcd. But nnothor man, wnu was condemned to bo extoiilcd on tho Ilthh' ' ?"'"" " Ot ""' forluna,o - On lhe a ' ly *' ,'. LL,i tiou a threat crowd ansenibled, uto ?.iich a gentleman etroyed. and found mue.f ,o hemmed in that he ?.u,jht rc(u K o ii a remote spot ut tho uppnr end of tho Inwnnnrkot. Wnilo Btaifdi:.,! thoro ho Wic.iljminoonio hurriedly t,, tho Hpot, "I!". , !' "'en'tafcst neitatifii, n-.za upon tho gibbet. Seem,, the raau'e oy<H arained to catch every movement of the condemned. tho Rj-nticman observed him cl.. iC ly. It was Whot, tho rr.r.ioucd oriminal. for ho had nim ,h Th m "" " i,OD hi " trio, ' r ' , '- i '?<?>?"??'? nim. Tho ma,, Hooraud rivtttrd to tho spot; JTith c'cnolif.t l m! ,d 3 and heaving besom ho ttood, the pioturt, t! horror. Tho spootaolo of tho doom from which ho bad been snatolH'd co foucinated him that bo cnuld not rtir. 