TOEQUEMADA AND THE IN QUTISrTON. The judgments of the Inquisition were always given in a large place, capable of containing a great number of people, 3,000 or 4,000, in the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, some for the accused, others for the tribunal of the Inquisition and counsellors of the kingdom, and towering above all the others that of the Grand Inquisitor. In the spacee between was placed a chair for the preacher, with an altar by its side and a stool for the criminal who was to hear his sentence. The ceremony generally took place on a Sunday-on a good day good work, thought these torrible uen--commeno ing at 6 o'clock in the morcing, and going on until G in the evening. They took the prisoners from their dungeons, giving each one a little vest, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers whieh came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of bhlack linen striped with white. Outside this dress they put a sanbenito, which is a sort of cloak or ecapulary, which hung down in the front and at the back, after the fashion of a herald's coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be before hand from the different colours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Those who were condemned to death had sanbe nitos of yellow linen, with the cr0os of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a scapulary called samarra, on which were embroidered flames burning downwards, suoh as the Por tuguese called Fogo .Rroeto, and those con demned to be burnt alive a grey eamarra, on which was represented a man surrounded by flames, and devils stirring up the fire. At the end of the soapulary the victim's name and crime we re written. They also wore pasteboard caps inthe shapeof aesuarloaf orconicalmitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called carocdhas. They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ironically invited to eat. This farce being over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the pulblic square by a familiar of the Holy Office, who, under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be responsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim per formance. Then the procession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going first because he was the first nqnuisitor of his faith; thenou came the other Inquisitors,. the high dignir.ari?s of the Church. the nobility, and magistrates; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the pasteboard capes, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. In the middle of the pro cession a large crucifix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the conversion of the Jews and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, conducted by an Alcaide, placed himself on his knees before the inquisitor, who read his precir and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who had escaped death, and ab solved them from the excommuni cation which they had incurred, giving each one a little stroke with a rod. This sentence of excommunication was thought so. terrible, that the officers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the accused nor show them the slightest mark, of friendship-not oeven the godfathers who walked beside them. But the moment they were absolved from their ex communication they might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of his sanonicals, which he was allowed to wear totholast, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to remove the oil of his consecration he was subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was put with the common herd to await his final punishment. Those whose execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recantmng their faith, were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the former were conducted once more to the dreary solitude of the "gloomy underground dun geons of the Inquisition, to' drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those loathsome places, per haps in the end,after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime; the others who had been condemned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Chris tians they were m erclifdly strangled before being burnt ; if not-and the Jews and Hrohommedans often adhered to their re ligion with dogged courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant-they were burnt alive ! ,Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them', and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown borrors before.them; for Torqucmada know not the quality of mercy, and in the deep and impreg nable vaults of the Inquisition hadhis unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to oonfess, and the tortures being mnore, in many cases, than human nature could endure, no end of people con fessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dimngeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, those fiends. in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. '" Whether mn, matron, or tender . virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched- upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screws - all the apparatus by which the einows could .be strained without cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the body racked exquisitely without giving up itsi- ghost-was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his viotim through holes out in the hood which muffled his face, practised suc cessively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of monks had invented." The heavy noisome air of the dungeons re soundea with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those meodi ieval days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had been born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Tor quemada and hisbloodbounds for that? They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must suffer, in that they did not belong to the Itoly Church of Rome. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints werelike to orack, and burst asunder; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire-a foretaste of that cruel death at the stake to which so many were to come at last; they were suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's fingers were crubshed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh pinched away with rod-hot irons; their too and finger nails were torn off; their teeth dragged out: they were forced into machines that pressed the knees up to the chin, boent the head down on the breast, and cramped them in a most painful fashion; theywere suspeuded by sharp hooks driven in under the shonlder-blades; they were nearly toen asunder by ropes? and pnlleys; they were prodded with i-d-ho noeedles all over the body and limhbs; and a refinement of torturo which Torquemada often ordered, was to have a cloth tied over the noVe and mouth of the victin, and a monk, who sat betojide, kept dropping water on the cloth, which must have produced a most painful sense of suffo cation. Torqueomada, in 1109, the author of so much woe and misery, the objoce of such bitter hatred, died peaceably in his bed l ! Forthe advanoement of the faith all means are lawful." If this were not, it shoued have been his motto. "The convictions of Torquemads," e?sy M. Roeseaw-raint Hilaise, "were sinoere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life; but with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given up entirely to. doing ill. with the same ardour a?d persoveranoe that others do good !1 lis name remainxs for ail time detestud and alhorred amongst mun. aunt his evil work, unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During more than three ,cen turien the Inquisition ground down Sp:ain, and the cmunltry yet boare its impreos." 