INGENIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPLIFTERS. (NEW YOIIK WOULD.) “Jwcry vo9txgo ot tho oid-xasmonod * kick * has disappeared,” said a detective to me tho other day when I requested his views regarding n certain phaso of metropolitan Tho shoplifter’s “kick” is tho technical namo of tho enpnoious bag or pocket she who prefers to “ buy” when tho clerk has his back turned has concealed undor bor cloak, or, rathor, sewed to the samo on the left Bide, or which men have under tho loft coat tail. It is not by reason or an edict of Beau M'Allistorthnttbo old “kick” is going outof UBe, but bocauso section 508 of tho penal oode makes it a oriminal offence for any one to have it in his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in angor that shoplifters are parting with it; but the “ cops ” having “ got on ” to it, it bad to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several storo detectives I learned that tho methods used in “ working ” the old “ kick ” had becomo so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw tho necessity of keeping pace with a progressive ago. So a more convenient contrivance was gotton up. It is called a “ hoisting kick.” This consists of a regular dress skirt, bo far as appearance goes, covered by an apron ovorskirt, which is short and cau he raised easily. nOW THE THICK WAS DONE. In tho front of tho underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is hut tho opening to tho immooBO hag whioh tho undorskirt consists of, it going around tho ontiro body and down to tho heels. This was found moro con venient than tho side “ kick,” from tho fact that it necessitated less movement and a motion that arouBodlittlo suspicion. The thief would stand oIobo to a counter whoro small articles nro exposed, gonorally luce or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, oxamino it, hold it on edgo in front of her, call for somothing olso, and while the salesgirl had hor back turned would 1 Blip it into tho slit. As tho “ kick ” is made of paper muslin tho stolen article would slip down easily. Should tho thief miss tho aper- 1 turo—a rare occurrence, for they are persons of norvo—the nrtiolo would fall on tho floor, and tho thief would pick it up, replaco it on tho conntor, and cluim that it was an acci dent, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shopliftors uaiug this “kick” were arrested and searched, which oxposed tho whole thing, and now tlioro are fow of them in oxistenco. So tho evildoer's genius had again to bo called into requisition, and a woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenuo storo showed how she lmd improvod on that stylo. Sho woroa beautiful flounced dress, covorod with a short apron overskirt, draped and ouught up hero and thoro in such a way as to form natural-looking puffs. This went around the entiro body, and a littlo to tho ri^ht was a pookot, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. When searched an incredible amount of articles ot all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in tho under A detective told me that a notorious shop lifter was onco caught who had in her “kiok” two pieces of laco of 25 yards onoh; worth 2Ddol. a yard; two pnirs of silk stook iugs, onfi add 6ii3 hand leaf chief, a piece of scented soap, andaBrumagrem scarf pin worth 4S cents, all of which sho had stolen in various stores in Sixth Avenuo. And, strange to say, it was tho cheapest of tho articles which betrayed her—the cake of soap, valued at 18 cents. Another was cuught with 10 yards of silk, valued at 120 dollars, in her “kick.” the handbox thick. Another clover device which was gotten up almost contemporaneously with tho “kick” was tho elastic hand box. It was made like a gontloman’s hat box, of card hoard, tho cover being hold close to the box by two olaatio hands in the interior of the box. Tho pur loinor would placo tho bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured bor fancy, especially whoro there were few sales girls. Sho would call for certain cheap articles which would causo tho salesgirl to turn hor hack to the purchaser. The shop lifter would then lift the cover of her box with one hand, throw in as many articles as Bhe could tako hold of, and. by moans of tho elastic bands tho cover would bo instantly and automatically closed, leaving no trace of I tho robbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearance and ration (Cvtre, so to spoalc, and worked so admirably that it was a long timo before tho detectives “caughton,” and many thousand dollars’ worth of articles wore stolen by this^nicaus before an arrest was made. Thu first capturo was caused by a salesgirl at a laco counter in a Twenty-third street storo. Sho had not seen tho shoplifter put anything into tho bandbox, but bad been attracted by tho singular manner in which tho cover was closod—apparently of itself. Sho notified a fioor walker. Tho woman was called into a private room, accused, and searched, and in tho bandbox were articles enough to start a miniaturo couutry fancy goods store. Amongst other things, she had 18 scarfs, au iukstand, u cigar-holder, and a dice-box, stolen from different stores, which showed that hor tastes extended over a wide field. Well, tho bandbox has had a brilliant but comparatively brief career, aud fow arrests wero caused bv its use, but those that wero made occurred within a few days, and tho workors of the contrivance saw that tho gamo was up, aud gave up tho ghost. Thoro is no record of any having been used recently. THE SATCHEL QAilK. This was in timo succeeded by a simpler trick, one that has long bcou worked with success, because it crofttes no suspicion. It is the satchel game. Although storo detec tives say it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worked during tho holidays, and will be in full blast when tho spring reason opons. Those aro used for stealing pookotbooks as well us goods. Thoy aro, in appoaraueo, like ordiuary hand satchels, but thoy open and closo by means of a spring. Tho thief’s right hand presses a button, and the loft, which is always un gloved, does tho rest. It is by this means that pockot- books are oftenest stolcu in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. Tho pickpocket (for such he or she is) generally works with a confederate. Sho first espies a woman with a pockotbook in her hand—ami thoy are legion. Sho will follow that woman in tho gonorally gratified expec tation that sho will oro long doposit it on tho counter whero she stops to exaraiuo goods. Tho thief will crowd near aud snatch tho pookotbook in a twinkling at tho first oppor tunity and pass it to tho confederate, who disappears and has not been noticed near. The real thief cau remain besido tho victim witb safety, us, should sho bo arrested, nothing can bo found on bor. A short timo ago one of tho olevorest satchel workers, well known at headquarters as “Tho Madame,” was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolon pookotbooks.1 Sho dropped them on tho floor when accused. They woro recovered, and as it was doubtful if a case could bo made against her; sho was lot go. Sho came again shortly ufterwards and stole a pockotbook containing a large amount of money belonging to tho wife of a dircotor of tho Hudson River Railroad, who shrunk from the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and “ Tho Mudamo ” again escaped. Sho now gives the storo a wide berth, however. A fine-looking blondo, kuown to tho polico as “ Big Grace,” and whoso picture adorns Inspector Byrnes’s collection, in another clovor satchel fiend, whoso cleverness and “swell” appoaranco long battled tho detnotivos. Sho had a pal (Maggio M-), with whom sho worked this gamo successfully for a long timo until they botli came to grief. THE VERY LATEST. As the best inventions aro generally tho simplest, so are tho latest and most successful motnoda of shopliftiug. There aro throo. Onois dono by means of tho oloak known as •tho* Conueinara-. This is made 'soinowhat. diko • a circular.".>It is-a long, looso cloak, covering oven tho hands. It enables the thief not only to stoal with a greater degree of safety, but also to conceal bor booty. AU sho has to do is to get near a orowded counter, throw the edgo of her oloak partly over tbo artiolo she covets, her hand underneath the cloak, take t article, stop bock, and hold it in her hand. ! Unless she is caught in the act she cannot be arrested or oven suspected. Another is still simpler. Tho thief lays her handkerohief carelessly on somo small article eho wants to steal, feigns a desiro to buy something else, is not suited, and whilo tho sales-girl rcplacos tho goods on the sholf tho thief picks up her booty with her handker chief. If sho should happen to be caught, she naturally claims that sho did not know she had tho stolen article in her possession. Tho third ono is worked by means of a handbag containing twine and wrapping paper. This bag is carried in tho loft nand, and filled with whatovor goods tho shoplifter can seoure. Thon sho will go into tho toilet room, or somo side street, tako out tho goods, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a neat parcel, and try again or go away un molested. STILL ANOTHER. Another recontly-gotten-up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well- known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and rofined-looking young lady recently went into a Sixth avenuo etoro, saying that sho was tho daughter of Mrs. - (I havo tho namo, but will omit it). Mrs. — was a wealthy customer whom sho muBt havo secu buy on credit, and uotod tho address and name. Tho girl bought 05dol. worth of silk, which 8ho wanted to tako with her. Tho salesman told hor it was oustomary to require references or identifica tion from parties unknown to them. Bid sho know any ono in tho neighbourhood who could idontify her ? No. She had just come i out of boarding-soliool. Tho salesman con sulted with tho superintendent, and it was agreed to lot hor have tho goods, when by accident it was discovered that sho bad given two different addrcBBCH. Nothing daunted, sho acknowledged hor mistake, and said tho first address was the right ono. How stupid of her? But sho was unused to tho city, and lmd another address in hor mind. Becoming suspicious, tho salesman said tho rules of tho storo would require him to send tho goods. “Oh, very well. Perhaps it would bo more satisfactory to you, come to think of it,’* sho said, 14 audit will suit mo just as well, if I ouly get them by 7 o'clock this ovening." Tho goods wore seut to tho addross given. Tho next day Mrs.- went to tho storo with tho goods, saying sho had not ordered them, and asked for an explanation. Inves tigation revealed that 44 tho girl just out of boarding school” had purchased many other articles at other counters which sho had taken with her. THE PRETTY “ PENNYWEIOHTER.” But porlmps tho clovorost of all shoplifters’ tricks is the 44 ponnyweightor ” game. It is known but to fow, and practised by a still smaller numbor, for it is a diftioult ono. It has beon moat successfully worked by a pretty littlo blonde with a baby face, bluo eyes, curly hair, and tho general appearance of a howitching soubretto. Her professional name is 44 Littlo Scotty.” Sho oame to grief in Boston, and Tvas givon three years. Her mode Ot working is to go to a jowellory storo and ask to bo shown loose diftjnoudg op \\\ tray. Sho protends to bo very shortsighted, and bonds, over nnd very oloso to tho tray, examining tho diamonds through an oye-g!usj3. She exposes her left hand so as not To bo suspected, nnd at a propitious moment drops aono>carat diamond into tho tray, and with hc-r tongue, on tho point of which sho has pulverised alum, sho licks up a two *carat diamond. Sho cannot find the exact counterpart of the ono she wants to match (which sho has not with her) and goes iuto another store, whore she exchanges her two-carat diamond in a similar manner for a throe-carat, nnd so oh ad injlnitum. When she was cauglit sho had started with with n one-carat diamond and had reaohed six and a half carats, making three or four hundred dollars in a fow hours. AS TO KLEPTOMANIA. Store detectives say tho.t thoro are com pamtively few professional shoplifters in this city now, and onco they aro caught they disappear—as soon as tbo law permits—and never return. Thoy go to other cities. They say that supposedly respootablo women now. . give them more trouble thnn thieves. It requires much more skill and discrimination to handle them, lost they might accuse an- , innocent person. Thoy soout the theory of kleptomania, and say that not one woman in a tnou«and who steals does so inadvertently. Physiologists, however, contend that thoro is sucli a thing as kloptomnnia, which they describo us a species of monta) derangement coming under tho head of 44 volitional in sanity.” It is, thoy say, an inability to exert the will in accordance with tho intellect. Although this tlioory would seem to be sustained by the fact that wealthy women havo frequently been caught shoplifting, store dotoctives say that inquiries have re vealed tho fact that such women wore not given tho allowance of money by their hus bands that would enable them to dress as well as thoy wished to ho. A woman was caught stoaling a 10 cont. knife in a Fourteenth street storo ono day, who wore 5,000dol. or (3,000dol. worth of diamonds. But sho turned out to be a professional thief. I found out, to iny astonishmeut, that there aro comparatively fow of our largo stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their Balos- girla and floor walkers to do that work. Still, I found ono which, besides having a man detective, also employed a woman, who mixes among customers in full street costume. Not all Btoro thieves aro caught, and those who are captured aro not always prosecuted. And this entails a loss to each first-class store which runs up iuto thousands, and which has a placa in tho 44 profit and loss” account. 