CURRENT TOPICS. Onm Supplement to-day contains: - Parliamentary Chips-A Raid on a Gamb ling House--Westbury Municipal Council \- Prize Poultry Breeding - Mining Managers' Reports - Tasmanian Mineral Resources-Cricket-Agricultural Notes- Dramatic and Musical Notes-Brevities- Advertisements, etc. Mx R. A. YATes, who ILas recently comrn menced business as a florist in this city, has now on view in his window a real shamrock plant, grown in the Emerald Isle, and brought to Tasmania by Mrs W. 1\. Thrower, who paid a visit to the old i country a short time since. The plant is now in flower, and has attracted a good deal of attention. Mr Yates also makes a very tasteful display of button-hole bouquets, ladies' sprays, wreathes, crosses, etc. MEssns G. W. Waterhouse. P.M., and I R. H. Douglas, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Police Co eray. John R- nL wam charged, on remand from the 3rd inst., by George Eden with having on November 2 stolen a nickel silver bit, valued at 12s 6d. Mr W. Martin (Martin and Hobkirk) appeared for the com plainant and the accused was defended by Mr E. G. 3Miller (Miller And Miller). The complainant advertised for a partner, and in answer to that advertisement the accused w7nt ikto paritnership with him and paid £26 for a half-share in a poultry farm consisting of twenty fowls, which the complainant valued at £3. The accused was to share the profits, which were stated to be .£2 5s per week, pay the complainant 15s per week for lodging, and also con- tribute half the cost of feeding the horses which complainant stated stas his oen property. At taie expiration of a fortnight the accused had received 13s as his share, and the partners quarrelled on business matters. The defendant left taking away his boxes, and during his absence the com- plainant had the door of the stable locked and the key hidden. The accused re- turned, asked for the key, was refuse , and then broke the door open and took the bit away. The defendant's solicitor contended that there was no case of larceny to prove against him. The bench upheld that view, and Mr Waterhouse stated he would not have issued the warrant against the de- fendant if lihe had known the case arose out of partnership accounts. The case was dismissed.—Frederick Henry Vernon, a boy in the employ of Eden and Ritson, then charged the defendant in the last action for assault, and that case was also dismissed.—Ritson was further proceeded against for damaging property by breaking open the door of the stable. He stated that his chief object was to attend to a sore that the horse was suffering with. The defendant was ordered to pay 3s 6d damages with police costs.—James Cope land and Richard Trasey were charged with having burglariously entered the Main Line Hotel and stolen therefrom on the 4th inst. a bottle of brandy and a quantity of silver coin valued at about £3, a pocket-book and papers, the property of the landlord, William Illingworth. The Superintendent of Police asked for a re- mand, which was granted for one week. A case to recover hospital fees mvas ad journed for a fortnight. TIE Salvation Army held a sing-song meeting last evening in connection with the " self denial" services which were con- cluded at the meeting. Majors Complin and M'Phee (Victoria), Ensign Brame, Captains Smith and Barnes, and Adjutant Roberts took part in the meeting. Com- missionci Coombs, the senior officer in Aus- tralia, is expected to arrive by the steamer Rotomahana to-morrow, and will proceed at once to meet General Booth, with whom he will return to this city on Wednesday. 't is anticipated that fully 1000 members of the Army from various parts of the colony will be present in Launceston during the General's visit, and about 70 of the Tasmanian officers will accompany him to Melbourne on Thursday to attend the colossal council of war to be hell in that city. It is understood that at this council arrangements will be made for extending the operations of the Army to Western Australia. THE Victoria Museum and Art Gallery still maintains its popularity, and the daily number of visitors shows a steady increase. Amongst the several accessories which were needed to complete the internal fittings of the buildings were blinds for the picture gallery. Some delay was experienced in providing these, as it was deemed advisable to procure a special make of buff holland from England for them. This has now arrived and has been fitted on to 12ft cylinder tin rollers by Messrs Richards and Son, who willplaeo them in position to-day. The lady students who attend the gallery are availing themselves to the utmost of the opportunity which is now afforded by the presence on the walls of the works of well-known artists, and some of their work is exceedingly creditable to them. One picture, a copy of Piguenit's painting of Ben Lomond, which was executed to the order of the hon. Adye Douglas, is especially worthy of notice. The shading is excellent, and the painter has evidently brought a keen perception of the artist's ideas into use in making a transcript of his work. In the Museum Miss Catheart's very p-rft'ect collection of birds' eggs has attracted considerable attention. IT will be remembered that on Friday, September 18, the police at Westbury were informed that a number of sheep had been stolen from Mr James Garrett's run at Ormaston, and that three men named John Goss, Samuel Goes, and John Quinn were arrested on Esupicion of having committed Sthe robbery. Quinn and Samuel Goss were committed for trial, and John Goss dis- charged. The Attorney-General, however, after reading the evidence, filed a bill against him, and he was again arrested, and will take his trial with the other two men at the next sitting of the Supreme Court. THE ordinary general meeting of the Cornwall Fire and Marine Insurance Com- pany Limited was held at the offices, St. John-street, yesterday, at noon, when the annual report of the affairs of the company Swas submitted. Nessrs Thomas Corbett and Richard Green were re-elected directors, and Messrs J. C. Ferguson and Henry Bennett were also re-elected auditors. A dividend of is per share was declared, payable to shareholders on Tues day next, the 10th inst. OUR N.W. Coast correspondent writes :— A son of Mr John Lynch, a lad of about 18, from Stowport, who is at present working on Mr W. Tighe's contract on the branch road from the North Motton road leading to Mr B. Lynch's brick yards, had a narrow escape on Thursday afternoon. Ho was taking the bullocklrs out of the dray pre paratory to knocking off for the night, when the polo bullocks became restive and rushed forward, and caused the whole team to bolt, and young Lynch was knocked down, the near side wheel of the dray giving him a severe blow on the right temple, and how the wheel missed going over his head is a marvel. Mr Tighe ran to his assistance, when it was found that beyond the blow and a severe shaking, the lad was none the worse, but it will be quite a couple of days before he is all right again. Tue first monthly meeting of the newly formed Confraternity of the Passion was held in the Clinrbh of Apostles last even- ing, when the Bet Father O'Ashony con- diidted a addvide. Ze delivered in interest- ing lecture on the rules and regulations of the confraternity, and stated that at the next meeting the members would be formed fi into guilds. Prefects and sub-prefects of the guilds would be appointed, also trea- surers, whose duties would be to look after the various temporal interests of the members and to assist those in distresi. ft Several hymns werO rendered hby the choir, and the proceedings closed with the sol?uin benidiotidn of the Blessed Sacra- ment. OUR country cousins will shortly be afforded an opportunity of witnessing Professor Beusenard's entertainment of fun and wonder, comprising his remark- able " ghost illusion," the latest novelties in the magician's art, and special musical performances. The professor carries ex- cellent credentials from the vditiorls towns and cities he has visited in the course of his travels, and judging from press notices his entertainment is of such a class as to render it enjoyable to young and old. He intends making a tour of the various towns of Tasmania, and will doubtless have no reason to regret his treatment at the hands of amusement seekers along his line of route. WE have had an opportunity of viewing a. handsome little silver cup which has been presented to the Portland Horticul- tural Association, and which will form one of the prizes at its forthcoming show. WE have had an opportunity afforded us of inspecting an oil painting by Mr L. Cowen of the Cataract Gorge, at the second Picnic Rock. The subject is exceedingly well treated, the foreground, showing the massive rocks which skirt the pathway along the Gorge, being singularly effective, whilst the rustic bridge which has recently been erected on the pathway lends a picturesqueness to the scene depicted. The shading is good and the picture altogether is one which does credit to the artist's reputation. THE collection of minerals in the ex- ceedingly handsome cabinet, which did duty at one or two ethibitiond and new forms a proiilinent feature at the Victoria Museum, has several empty spaces for the recention of uinerais. and it has been suggested that an effort should be made to fill them during the forthcoming Exhibi- tion. The idea is worthy of attention, and will, we hope, be acted upon. An oil painting by Mr F. Styant-Browne, exhibited in the window of Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall attracted much atten- tion yesterday. It is a picture of the Union S.S. Comlauy's 0onthl Whiicli is tqpr sefitet?,,Saing ddwHi ýhe firet by Stephenson's Bend. Itis early miori, the water is perfectly still, and the mist is slowly lifting from the Trevallyn hills. A small yacht fills the foreground. There is a quiet beauty and repose about the picture which is very characteristic, and the light and shadow and general details are well managed. T~E friends df Mr A. VI. J. I?oss, who was for some time connected with Charles street state school of this city, and who is now a scholar of Trinity College, Mel bourne University, will be glad to learn that he has been successful in his annual exasuination In artet havltg Passed with hononrs. Mr foss, who is a son of Mr Thomas Ross, of Invereek, intends con tinuing his studies for the degree of Doctor of Literature. '1 an local secretary of Trinity College notifies the arrival of the certificates, which will be distributed privately in a few days, the public distribution having been abandoned, owing to unforeseen cir cumstances. THE advantages of the Buckeye Low down Binder have been demonstrated at the recent agricultural shows which have been held in Tasmania, where the awards of judges in the other colonies have been endorsed. The machine is eminently adapted for use in this colony, and its work a is the best proof of the success of its opera Stione. Mr J. S. Grange, the expert, is now travelling through the country districts of the island, and will afford information regarding the Buckeye to those to whom its fame is unknown. The local agents, M essrs W. T. Bell and Co., are also in a position to supply information, and any of the necessary accessories to the machine can be obtained at their country sales. "LoNsooan Norms" reports on Friday- Mr William Edwards, of Bishopsbourne, the proprietor of the traction engine and stone crusher now engaged in breaking metal up the Cressy road, had his face badly scalded yesterday morning with some boiling lead. He was fitting a new jaw in the crusher, which had to be em- bedded in lead, and through encountering a dampness as the molten metal was being poured in steam was generated and an explosion followed, Mr Edwards's face and neck being bespattered and scalded with it, the left eye also narrowly escaping injury. After the injuries had been attended to by Dr Mason. he was driven home, the face subsequently becoming very much swollen and inflamed.-Re specting my recent remarks about our pro posed waterworks, Councillor Gould in 1 forms me that everything is in a fair way 1 for making a start as soon as the needful is forthcoming. I notice by the Parlia mentary reports that the amount applied for by our city fathers, viz., .l2600, is in cluded in an Appropriation Bill now going through the House.-Our programme for Monday (Prince of Wales's Birthday) includes races, Cycling Club bazaar in the Assembly Room, and the Primitive Metho V dist anniversary picnic and tea-meeting in the Show Ground. Very sharp frost here again this morning. THE following treatment for influenza, which is said to have been very effectual, is prescribed by Dr Jas. Edmunds, senior physician of the London Temperance Hospital a-" Absolute rest in bed, and Scareful nutrition at frequenat intervals, especially in persons of spare habit, who, I find, run down very rapidly. As medicine, I give a mild fever mixture of citrate of ammonia and henbane, and, on the abate ment of fever, I follow up quinine; in the neuralgic cases I stop the suffering with one or two 20-grain doses of quinine, and a subcutaneous injection of 4.5 tenths of a grain of morphia. In the nutrition I attach much importance to carefully made beef tea and milk gruel, with barley water, acidulated with fresh lemon juice, as a drink while the febrile thirst continues. I believe the mortality of these cases has been largely due to the craze for ad ministering alcohol-a craze which those who are interested in the sale of alcoholic beverages take every opportunity of stimu- lating." On the other hand many eminent physicians recommend alcohol, not as a remedy, but as a stimulant to sus- tain the system through the enervating effects of the attack. When doctors differ, who shall decide ? FOR two or three years past it has been our pleasing duty to direct special attention to a new departure in colonial photographic art introduced by Mr R. J. Nicholas, of this city, who conceived the idea of preparing Christmas and New Year cards. Unlike most of the foreign pro- ductions of a similar character, which are usually made up of floral devices or pure inventions of the imagination, Mr Nicholas has selected a variety of familiar and charming bits of Australian scenery, and these he has combined with artistic skill and surrounded them with garlands or groups of native flowers, altogether making at most delightful picture that is the more valuable because of its fidelity. The series prepared for the appraaching season is, without doubt, the most successful that Mr Nicholas has yet submitted to the public. Most of the subjects are Tasmanian, though there are several from New South Wales and Victoria, and a few from New Zealand. Everything connected with the production of these cards gives evi- dence of great skill in every department of the work, and those persons who desire to send to distant friends the time-honoured tokens of the coming festive season will hardly find it possible to select mementoes so simple and at the same time so beauti ful. Mr Nicholas's fame in this direction is rapidly spreading in the adjoining colonies, which have hitherto failed to pro duoe cards of this character that can in any way compare with his, and we are pleased to learn that already he has received Australian orders for upwards of twenty thousand for this season and we have no doubt that visitors to the Exhibition to be opened here at the close of this month will gladly avail themselves of these elegant little soiservirs of Tasmanian scenery. THE City Band will give a sacred concert in the City Park to-morrow even- ing, and will hold its annual picnic on Monday, leaving town by the 9.30 train, and returning about 0 p.m, SOME delay was occasioned in the City yesterday by telegraphic communication from Hobart being partially interrupted. One line was unworkable from an early hour in the afternoon, and hence delay in the transmission of a number of messages, all the business having to be forwarded or transmitted on one line. THE committee of the Tamar Rowing Club, who have chartered the steamer Centennial for an excursion to Beacons- field and George Town on Monday next, have decided to reduce the fares by one half, and intimate in our advertising columns that those who have paid the price originally fixed for the tickets can secure a re-fund upon application. The band of the Launceston Rifle Regiment will accompany the steamer and play selections during the trip. THE steamer Centennial will make an excur- sion trip to George Town to-day, leaving the wharf at 11 a.m. and returning in the evening. hoe will also make a similar trip to-morrow, leaving the wharf at O a m. THE arrangements for the annual o!eotion of councillors for Deloraine are notified. Nomina- tions close on December 3, and a poll will be taken on Dtlonmbet 10. THE Leven Marine B.ard invite tenders up to December 7 for the constluotion of wharves. THE annual meeting, sports, etc., of the Westbury Working blon'e Club will be held on Wednesday next. ON aecoont of Monday heing a holiday Messrs \V. T. Bell and Co 's Newitead sale is postponed until lionday, id:h lustant, ENTRI?s for the Westbury Show cldsose at seven o'olock this evening. Moos NICHOLS announces tht visit vrs to Liglegrd on Monday will be able to obtain a first-d:nas lneaohon at the libenheim Hotel. TcE cantata ,"'Pho Old Woman who Liced to a lShooo'" ill be given in the town Hall, Dolorsino, on December 1 A sPeoIAL train will leave for Hobert shortly after ihe arrival of the s.s, Rlotomahans, and will run through on express time FRUIe growing is one of the most importan ndustrlos of this colony, but the inoset pest must be kept,doan. Quibell's Insect Extermi nator used with so mlah effect far the vine pest, hlite ant, blight, eta, by the Victorian Government, is the best remedy to spray on the trees for codlin moth, apple and peaoh blight' and all insects, in bottles Is Cd, drums 8e per gallon. W. Hart and Son, Hatton and Laws. Launceston. For influesza, to prevent or aura, use Quibell's Infallible Disinfectant, died in Melbourne and Europe with great suc cess. Batton and Lats, agents. 