The Book of Mormon. At the School of Arts, last Tuojday and Wednesday ovenings wore devoted by Messrs. lEouchins and Young — the former of the Church of Christ, Brisbane, and the latter all the way from the Great Salt Lake City — ti a polotnical controversy bs to tho truth of tho insertion that tho Buok of Mormon was the outcome or inspiration. Largo audiences nssembled on each night with the evident desire of hearing tho truth as regards domestic felicity under the polygamic arrangement. Mr. Groom officiate! us chairman oil tho first night,, while Mr Junes Ounphall pri-si,lod *t thu iiccirid Hobatfl Although -it least four hours ware spent inWking, nothing of avory impor tant character was disclosed, and in theabtence of an arbitrator, only the couvijtion formed in the minds of the audience existed as to whom should be accredited the honour of having put forward the best arguments. Havinjf had their 'fling' — to nso an ex pressible torrn — it is justifiable, under the axiom that a public spoakor is public property, to treat them nccoulingly. We have met thrj Mormon before and can only aver that the drowsy expression which characterised his appearance on that occasion in his normal guiso, and one which wo would be loth to associate with his wide awake progenitor — the great Brigham. Adde A to this are a few attainments which do mt generally go to constituto a good debater, such as an uncom fortable stammering delivery, a decidedly Amorican nasal twang, and a propensity for UIIU LUIUjJUIlUIUU VL 4UOUI-.4UIU IUVVUUJ Uliklil fabrications. Several of his best points were robbed of effect by n consistent tendency to rirablo from the subject of debate, and the consequent ignominious flounder on the assertion of tho prerogative of the chairman. Apart from this, one would havo imagined from several of his arguments that ho based tho validity of the Book of Mormon solely upon tlmtof the Bihle. The Evangelical also was by no means perfect, inasmuch as he placed too much trust in. the power of verbosity and satire. Altogether tho dispute merged into decrials of the ' inspired few' from the one quarter, and no less emphatic denials from tho other. But few attiinpts were made by the Latter day Saint to trace a metaphysical similitude in tho teachings of the Bible and those nf the Book of Mormon, although every attention was given by his antagonist to the apostles in the flesh of tho latter creed. Several passages were read which were stated to coincide with certain parts of the Gospel, but similarity was held to be no proof of authenticity. Mr. Young on several occasions emphatically declared that tha doctrines of the Mormon creed were much more lucid than those of tho Bible, but we failed utterly to nnderstand his reticence as to the superior psychological influences arising from the practice of tenets which allowed of the enrol ment of such a number of better halves, or fractions rather. Perhaps his experience could not bo unlisted to give weight to liii opinions as to the success of tho arrangement, or perhaps the subject would bring to his mind's eyo a rather monotonous chain of matrimonial bonds. Taking the initiative, Mr. Young gave a short precis of the events which led up to tho publication of the book. The book owed its origin to some Israelite scribe who had, with several of the same tribe, emigrated to America during the reign of King ZedekUh. The incriptions were made on gold plates and formed a book of G inches in thickness. Tho precious volume thus compiled was secreted and preserved in a stone box until exhumed by one Joseph Smith, about the year 1S30, under divine guidance. The language used by the original scribe was a reformed Egyptian dialect and no difficulty in deciphering it was ex perienced by Smith, aided as he was by the mystic spectacles luxuriating under the names of Urira and Thummitn. The golden volume, according to Smith's translation, gave a history of America from the destruction of the Tower of Babel down to the fifth century of our era. The first edition was published in Palmyra in the United States of America. Mr. Houchins commenced his innings by stating his intention of proving that the Book of Mormon was one of the most stupendous frauds ever foisted upon an iuofEendiug public, and that the Heaven-endowed Joe Smith was nothing more than an imposter, and consider ably Icsb than a lazy, loafing vagabond. The origin of tho book he attributed to the machinations of a second-rate romancist and purveyor of ghost stories mined Solomon Spalding in the first place, and the diabolical co-operation of two patent frauds named Sydney Bigdon and Joseph Smith in the second. The objects of the book, as attested by the wife of Spaldir.g, had been to explain the origin of the North American Indians. One would havo expected, said tho Evangelical dispntant, that, translated as it was by divine inspiration, very little chance .vould have existed for the commission of grammatical blunders. But 5000 had been expugncd from tho Palmyra edition, and the revised version literally bristlod with them. Mr. Young, resuming the debate on Wednes day evening, questioned the authority for the statement that Solomon Spalding' had written the book. Certainly he had written a book, but he (Mr. Young) read an extract showing that that book was now in a college library in Ohio. He contended that as Solomon Spal ding had once been a Presbyterian minister, and the Presbyterian method ot baptism was by sprinkling, it could not be sensibly asserted that he would have changed his belief to such extent as to advocate baptismby total immersion. He referred to the traditions similar in con text to those of the Old Testament which were found among the Aztecs by tho Spaniards on their entrance iuto and Bub jugation of Mexico, and demanded the reason of their existence if it was no! attributable to tho tonchings of the Saviour himself or somo of his disciples. Mr. Houchins stated he had proved on tho testimony of 17 witnesses that Solomon Spalding wrote a . book. The contents of the manuscript concurred entirely with tho history of the Nephitos narrated by the Book of Mormon. Sidney Rigdon soon afterwards cameinto possession of tho 'manuscript found,' as it was called. A runniug summary of tho events which marked the career of this young gentleman culminated in the fact that at one timo he became a Baptist preacher. This fact, would perhaps account satisfactorily for the baptism by im mersion business. Solomon Spald - lngwasnotresponsibleforoneroligious sentence in the whole book ; all he supplied was tho material to accout for the existence of the North American Indians or Nephites. The ' theology emanated entirely from the brain of Bigdon as tho modern swine; of tho teachings would show. Ho thon related how Bigdon came into possession of tho manuscript and with the assistance of the ' lazy, loafing, blasphemons, lireutious intemperate, blackguardly watorwiteh, Joe Smith,' conjointly palmed off on tho public one of the most sacrilogioUB frauds man was ' ever guilty of perpetrating. Tho three witnesses of the visit of the angel to Joe Smith — Olivor Condray, Martin Harris, and David Wbitmore — wore next introduced, and Mr. Houchins related their expulsion from tho church of Mormon for nonconformity, and tho statement of one that he saw — yes, ho saw it nil — but with the eye of faith, and of another that ho didn't see aujingel, but a man named Angoll. After rofernng once more to tho human blunders of an inspired transaction, he stated that the book (teaches that it was formerly intended to be given to tho world by a desoend ant of Lehi, and read an oxtract to substantial tho statoment. Tho righteous branch of the Btick of Joseph was tbo modorn Joseph, Joo Smith. Whon Columbus diicovorod Araorica everybody was a Hamanito. Why then in tho namo of reason was not Joo Smith a big 'Injun'? Mr. Younff objected to the attack on tho character of Joseph Smith and stated as proof positive of bis integrity that he had appeared on 40 different occasions before a court whero Philadelphia lawyers wore engaged. Ho had nevtr once been convicted, which was a big argument in his favour when assailed by lawyors of such merit as tho Philadelphians. David Whitmore and the other witnesses were cut off from the church for disobeying the com mands of God, but they never once denied their testimony. A document was produced signed by about fifty magnates attesting the integrity of Coudmy and an article from tho 6'ou.terver toire denying tho imputation that ho had over refuted liia original testimony. Oliver flou-. dray was once asked if he bolievod the B 10k of Mormon. He answered,: 'No — true knowledge has a wallowed up belief.' His antagonist had poked fan vA the Apponmuca of the angel, but was it not qnito aa easy to helievo it as the revelation ot the glory of Gad Btid to have been made to Panl ? The principles of the Book of Mirnon wore much similar to those of the Bibln, and one differ enco he rniiil he thought was a farourahlo one — it was that they were much easier of com prehension. The descendants' of Munosseh and Ephraim were surely numerous enough to admit of tho possibility of Joe Smith coming through another source than Lehi. Bevela tion wits given that Joe Smith was the descen dant of Ephraiin, tho favoured son of Joseph. Tho speaker read an extract, as a conclusion, which stated that all attacks against tho Bonk of Mormon would bo futile as it had come to stay. Mr. flonchius started his last innings by the assertion that if the Bible spoko of the history of America, that did not show that the Book of Mormon was of Divine origin. If it coincided in its doctrines, that oven had not the deaired effect. Mr. Young could call it by what name he liked, but he would not hesitate to say what a man was. He had the testimony of a juryman that the deposition of Jos Smith had been discarded as utterly worthless. He had also a statement attested by 5 1 neighbours, including Joseph's father and his brother-in-law, tint Joe S nith was an in temperate, lazy, loafing scoundrel. Oliver Condray was the leader of a gani; of rutBans of tho blackest typo, and tho Mormons thnm aelves even testified in a doggerel hymn that ho repudiated his testimony. In b\\\a Eldeis' Journal of 1839 Joe Smith dispensed the coffee to Martiu Harris by branding him as a swindlur, liar and debauchee. When the whole throe inspired witnesses turned out so disastrously something must htvo been amiss. Sydney Itiifdou caulcuhited without his host in obtaining the assistance of Joe Smith, and when that worthy outshone him, he threatened to expose the whole affair Ho was waited upon by a deputation of Danites and asked to accept a bribe or trust to the success of Danite ventures. Ho accepted tha briba and thus ex plained clearly how it was possible for him to live easily and luxuriously without bodily exertion. Comparing Puul, the grandest man who ever lived, to this miserable, pettifogging Joe Smith was about as rankly blasphemous a thing as he had ever heard of. Whom does God choose as a medium for the presentation of the greatest gift to man? The Mormon hook! Is it a St. Paul, a St. Peter, a Camp hell, a Wesley, or any other of such repute ? No, it is a mean, contemptible, loafing scoundrel, a rascal, a purveyor of second-hand ghost stories — Joe Smith. It wa9 incredible. Sydney Bigdon got his education in a log school, and this fact accounted for tho atrocious blunders on every page of the book. Spalding was a graduate. Why did he make such a number of blunders ? might be aikeil. It was copied by Rigdon who believed in the miraculous influence of the holy spirit, and inculcated that doctrine in tbo re-written document. Suppose there had been traditions amongst tho North American Indians similar tn the teachings of the Old Testament — which he didn't for a moment doubt — was it not possible that they had been learnt from the Northmen who had visited them? The whole facts of the case then were : The book was written by Spalding, came into the possession of Patterson, was thieved and afterwards secured by Bigdon who, with the assistance of Joe Smith, gave it out as an inspired message from God. Mormonism was as much a fraud as Mtthommedanism, and the Book of Mor mon quite as invalid as tho Koran, This concluded the debate, and the general opinion seemsd to be that the Christian had gripped the bulky end of tho stick. He cer tainly had a grand hold of tho cpithetic end. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. 