CONVICT L I F € i NORFOLK ISLAND: AUTHENTIC. ACCORDS. ». . . . ALL H1G11TS JlESSUVJSp. , . . ' No, 6. . ... " V A MOOT SCENE. . Tho contrast between day and night at tliu 'guuls ou Norfolk Jeland was one of . . tiio most striking it is possible to im agine. > Whilst daylight lasted the eaano wno one ol i great animation. Trio tramp of inuutnar. 1 able feet ; the loud orders of thoso in com- > round, mingled with the hoarso challenges of » the guard and the dismal clsalc, clank ol Iho 1 ironud convicts mado a porpotual din. Too oltcri, indeed, tbcBO sounds were added to by the wild rhrleks, or ilnll moans o! the wretches being flogged, lor scarcely a day paceud without the triangles born# in ueo, . and the wliisllo of tbo lash was tbo most familiar ol mueio to the felons. After darkness set in tho transformation .was complete. A silonoo as of tho grave settlod over all. Tbo conviots woro sooarely loekod, aod, perhaps chained, in thoir cells, and forbidden Co ipeak under sevoro punish, moot. The tarokoys moved noieoloasly about with padded boots, lor that gavo thorn an opportunity to dotcet any brooches of tho regulations on ' tbo part of the prisoners. A zealous warder did not con sider bo had dono his duty aniens ho was obis to report ono or tvo felons caoh night for some trivial cflsnco or another. There was a sort of emulation between thorn in that respcot, and it was fittfo matter whether tbo oharges wcro traa or not, If she turnkey said they were it was no uso lor the hapless prisoner to dany them. On the night of tbo 13;h Ootober, 1816— # tho ilsy oo which tbo twclvo mutineers hid boon executed— Father Murphy, tho Catholic aimplaio, was standing iu tbo omldor oltlrt vlJ gaol. Tno silonco was slmoet ouprcesivo. Inside tho puton nothing could bo hsarJ, whilst outside otdy tho . tnufUsd boom msdo b / the ocean lapping on tho reefs broko upon the oar. Tho worthy priest was thus standing, wrapped in Isle thoughts which, judging from the events of the day, oooltl have boon no cheerful ones, when a turokoy glided up to him as noiselessly as a ghost. This fellow was named Bvllelr, and ho afterwards bo- came notorious by robbing ono of tho officers j (JTr. Waters) of £700. lie was both su ao j complisbed and a brutal villain, and at this timo ho held a third-class pass, and was in tuufUjii of two shillings a day. Father Murphy had a conrideraolo dieliko to Sadlcir, but being of rather a genial naturobood- lured Into conversation with hint. Howquistllio gaol is to- night. It al most seems as if lbs place ie dceerted, ' ho remarked. ' " I don't think it will ever bo ontirely de serted, fori! lbs eoUlerasnt ia abolished, u lbs talk goes, the ghost of many a lolon will haunt it," answered Badicir," M 1 hope, my man, they may never hauot you," was tbo sharp reply. Tbo turnkey did not appoar to relish this allusion to his " life sweating away " pro pensities, and turned tbo conversation by saying : I think, sir, f am entitled to soma credit for tho eilooco which reigns here. Wfasn I mn in charge I strictly atrry out tny duty, and tbo prisoners know it." 41 1 dsrasay tbsy do," Father ZJarphy dryly snnwsrcd. Whilo they wcro thus speaking in a luuflLd tone Sidlcir suddenly remarked : I hoar soiuo ouo .speaking now, but I know who the follow is aod I'll soon slop him." Going to. some pegs, which woro in tho wall oloso by, ho took from ono of tbani:A onrioas looking nrtioJo. It was like a small pieco of harness, and ' at first sight would, create surprise iu the. mind of Lhe boholdor of to i<xictr;irm wbatsmroal ot tho bruto creation existed o! so'dimiuutivo a size as to permit of.-its use. .In appearanco it reaomblud a vory small bridle, perfect in head, hand, throat l««h, <fc j.,aml on enquiry it vvouM be found that it waa intonded for ueo on a fcltewcrca- turo. . AUnohod to t is a round piece ol ironwood four inches in length by ono and a ball inches ia diameter. This again is secured in a broad strap o! leather to cross tho mouth, In tho wood is a small bole, and when used this piece of wood is inserted in the. month, tho small hole being tho only breathing space. .: When ' tho wholo .is scoured with tho . various straps and buokioe a moro'oompiota bridlo In resemblanao could hot well be imagined, It was, fit short, the spring gag— ono of tbo instruments used for torturing the unhappy "prisoners iu (bo penal selllo- mfiut. Tho turokoy took down tbo littlo gaol Auxiliary, aud followed by . tbo priest— who, in, foot, had nover yot soon tho application of this torture— went to a coll oaoupicd by a convict named Iboney. This man wasstone blind, -ami tho poor wretoh was a mere human -wrcok- from disoaeo and ill-treat- went. On entering the oell, Iteonoy was found lying uu bis fltraw-mnt undressed, and to all nppcaranoo. aoloop. Sadleir, rongblyoalling «,u» u/ uauiM, iy»u UU UlinQ Old man tO gOt up and dress himeolf. With a surprised ex presriun oo his sightless fsoo llooncy did so, and then followed the turnkey into tbo yard, where Sidloir hiscrted tho ironwood gag in ibe oouvict'a mouth. Wbon- that was dono the working of the inetcuraent was al ones apparent, for tho sound produced in tho violent effort to, brestho through tho small holo resembled a. holf-Hlfled whistle. Tbfl victim only got about half tho proper supply of air, and(it was quito evident that if tbo gog wcro iasorted for any considerable tirao suffocation would cnBue, After this operation, ffodluir took his half, stilled prisoner to a lapp-posi in the yard nod placed his back against it. Tbo old man's arms woro tbon takon round tho post and, sooarod by a pair of handouff to it, . ; The night was vory ohllly, for in saob a olimatg. though tho daya aro hot Iho nights invariably aro bold, Booney woro a light jaokcl open In front, nuu »uu pnuai, uDvioing tiiac tno man was shivering, (ho had just boon .taken out of a warm cell) went to him and buttoned tho oast' up to his throat, ot the samo timo speaking a low kind words to cheer him, Al though tho oonviot could nrithor speak or seo tho.gilt ot hnaring was not denied him. and Ss Father Murphy spoko tbo tears rolled from his sightless eyes to think thntsoinoono yet felt fur his miserable and felon eon- , dltion, ' Thoro is no doubt that ovon tho roost hardened villain can bo mora easily won to' reformation' by judicious kindness than by brutal sevority, and thisfactnlonolHeufiioicnt to oondetnn tho system wbioh obtained at the oolonhl penal outlloinonta, . " How long am you going to keep Roonoy In this position V tho priori at longth asked the turnkey. " I'll filvo bim four hours for a ohongo. Last timo he only got three hours," replied tisdtflir. 'Yon surely don't mean that, Tho man vWll die under h, 1 1'vo hoard tho doetor soy \ that throe hours in moro than onough of this punishment," Murphy vohcmcutly an- BWflfed : ' 'Thoro Is no fear of blm' dyiog. Ho'll livo to have tho gag many , a timo yet. Jlo- sldcB. bo fibotildn't break tho reiriilfttimiii " was tho licattlscs reply. " 1 bolievu tho man is perfectly Innocent, . and I shall at nnaa m'o the commandant," said Pathor Murphy, as lie turned away. lio found iho goyorniog ofHoorho told bim what bad just been done, bnt tbo commaodunttrcatcd tho matter lightly. VDj you think that a man of Hadleir's Bfamp should have power' to iafltak suoh punishment as tbo gag at his pleasure!" tho priest asked " I regard Inm as a reliablo man, and it would bs iupossiblo for mo to atnad to i every littlo bfmoh of disoiplitio that ooours.i ll'jonuy shoulunot bavo talked, and tmwouldl | fivt bo punished,' nuaworod tho command- ant. . - "I am ooitiin tho irnao .was -not' talking, qttd It brutal failowslika Ssddkir aro allowed to use tho'gag thero may bd'a -roptUion'of Itysn's osv." r<-p1iedMurphy. ' : ' 4 Tbo oomrnniMliiig offiter did not rclidli this : atlurion to I« /an's ooho, wIioho dcah wos i liuetaucd by I'm gag, and bidding tho clergy- 1 tnsn gnud-evcniug he went from tho gaol to. his quarters. ' Tno priest was determined not to loavo It )onoy to his fato, and he wont in search of Dootor Kvsrott. It was far on towards midnight, howevor, when that ganUonian was found, and the two wont to tho yard where the oonviot was handouUcd to the lamp-post. Ho was still thero, as tbo four hours had not yot-c- pirod. Tho moinont tho doolor looked at him ho signalled for a turnkey, and hastily began to unloose tho bridle. Tho innat Itrnnront nnlonl nnnld MO' that thero was no timo to loeo. Tbo omaointed polo face nl tbo oonvict vras bidoously swollen and parplc,and It wos evident that bo was in tho last stsgo ot suf focation. Of ooureo, bo was not strong, and his vitality was low, but sooh treatment was oaloulatod to kill tbo strongest. In half a minute tho gag was taken oat, and Sadloir carao harrying to tbo spot and anloakod the hondcofld, Iteonoy would hovo fallen to tbo ground had he not boen supported, and Evorott sternly ordered tho turokoy to take tbo oonviot to tho hospital, and not baok to tho coll. "If I thought you would, bo punished for it I would let tho poor wroioh die, as he would bo far batter off, but, under the olr- oumstancce, I will not do so," tho tscdioa! officer angrily said. As they proceeded down tho yard towards tbo hospital, the ominono sound of tho stifled wbistlo fell upon the priest's nervous ears,' and, glancing in the direotion of tbo noieo, ho was startled to sco another pri soner bound to a post and, without doubt, csntted. lie instantly drow Everett's attention to ft, aod, leaving Itooney in charge ofa con stable who had'ooma to them, they went to tho post, and there, suro enough, was tho patent gsg at work again. "Who did this!" asked tbo doctor of fiadiier, who had foltowod them. " Tho man wonld net bo quiet, and I was forced to do it. I must do my duty," was tbo answer. , On looking oloscly at tho prisoner the priest said. i " Why, this is O'Neill. Barely you might bsvo let him end bis few hoars on earth fn peace." O'Neill was ono of tho remaining muti neers, lying tinder ef)Hion:o of death, and, when tho doctor found who it wis, bo ordered the turnkey to ruleaso liitn imme diately. When ho was ahlntospeik tho convict solemnly assured those around bim that ho ran Ulnif nufitlv uh.n U.ai.i.nn. tared bis coll, aroused iiiui, and, without any explanation, dragg'd hiin out nnd gagged him. O'Neill was taken hack to his cell, and Doctor Everett and Father Murphy pro ceeded to the hospitil to ico Itjoucy. lie was still unaoncoioufl, and it was only afitr en hour's unremitting attention thet he partly reoovered his senses. The clergyman and tho doctor airunj;« d ro mint next morn ing— or rather tho tntnu morning, for it was long after midnight when they scpsrutad— and enter a strung protwt against Bdloir baving the power to ttiflfoe such punishment aa lis had that night. Along with thfltmrcncd .Mr. Williams thoy waited on tho civil commandant at ten o'olock, and put tho cauo strongly before bim. ' "J may toll you, sir, that the men's livcu aro not puta ia tho hands at suafi a man. f ant not ojitiiu yot that ll-jonuy will sarvivo hia trcaluieni of laet utght," prolvitjd tho doctor. "Thtman hss been dying for months, and you should not blame Sadlcir if he guos ofl," thedouimuuduht ooldly answered. ' . " But, surely you do not . think it proper to tortaro a dying man 7" tho priest.osked. "Thure is no torturo about ' it. Tho puhishtnent is perfectly legal, sud tbo law ubcD iiut allow ttirture." "I bog your pardon, sir," broko in Everett. " I think the gag should, be abolished, aod H Ooinmiosloner Mooro asks my opicion ol it, 1 will toll him so." " Woll, gentlemen, if tho head autbaritioa decide to stop its use, well and good, i nth responsible fur discipline here, and I may tell you that 1 will not iutorfcro with present arrangements.". The deputation of humanegentfemenfwitb- drow from tho oommandant's prosonoo, sorely disappointed at tho rooult ot the inter view, but e&oh; of thom wore quits, deter mined not to lot the matter rest whbrc It Their only bopo lay in tbo commissioner, bnt that gentloman, who bad now boou a fortnight on tho island, bad as yot done absolutely nothing towards his mission. li the troth must bo told, ho seemed to bavo, ontorodupon a prolonged sprco, wbioh was ratbor encouraged than otherwise by most of tho officials who had any . lapse to Zrido. Thoy wore ovidontly determined that bo should leave tho island as wiso aa when he landed on it, and thero was overy prospeob that thoir wishes would bo realised, as befell very easily into tho trap. Tho three gontlomen separated, after com-, ing to an understanding that on tho first f avorablo opportunity thoy wouid place their views stroug'.y botoro Mr. Oommissisner Mooro. Mr. Williams, who had boon in attendauoo most of tbo provious night on a dying prisoner, wont over to a small summer-house wbioh stood in tho barraok grounds, and, seatinghimself on n umall ruetio bench in It, plaoodhlfl foot on a small tablo opposite, and was oa on buried in a profound rovcria on tho .misery and wretchedness around bim. lie bad been in this position about ten minutes, when ho was suddenly startled by Commissioner Mooro ruebmg into tho eum- mcr-houso, who ncizod him by each foot and rudely dragged him along tho scat and then lot him drop on tho ground. As tho clergy man oso, tho excited oomm issioner dealt him' nBovpro blow in tho mouth which knocked' 'out two ol his tooth. Tho man of poacu could uot quietly suomii to eucn an unprovokou attaok, and, being ' u musoolar Christian, ho returned tbo blow, with interest. Just at this moment .some of Ibe officers camo in . and . seized Moore, who woo evidently.' not' rcoponsiblo for his aotiono,1' ' .Although Hio' , commissioner heartily anulogised for his aonduot Iho next day,' tho contretemps pot hii ead tb anyhopo ofaEsistanoo from that 'quarter in sending Turnkey- tiadleir tp thai right about, but where man failed Frovidenoo apparonlly eteppod in and caooecded; No record is extant, however, as to whether tho inhuman scoundrel' was treated io tbo same brutal mauncr that he used to treat tbaeo under Iris command. In fact, it is to bo feared that saoh was not Iho oaso, or somo ouo would have been suro to bavo takcu pleasure In b&ndlnRtho; fact down (0- posterity. Three days after his brutal treatment of lloonoynnd O'Neill, ho was oaught red-handed in tbo aot ol robbing Mr. Waters, ono of Iho olfioialc. , . ' ' Zla sotaally bad £700 In his posses sion boloQRtng to Waters, aod,' io addition to'a flogging aud a doss of tbo gag. bo'ro- 'oeivedaloug term oI.impriBbnment,whioU effeatuallv mceltidud him nwr- "Anm-ilno another night scene suoV as hero doe- eribed. " Tho Itaof Gang " will bn tbo title of th'e next week's oonviot iucldent. In this gang enly the most dosporalo prisoners woro'spp- posod to bok'plooed, but it. was. frequently mado . tho medium of lbs revenge of gaolers Bgriait in&ooeot; men, 