TEE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND TEE EEIR APPARENT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MBS. OLIPHANT, Author of " The Son op His Father," " Sn Tom," "Oliver's Bride," Ac., Ac. All Rights Reserved. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters L and IL— John Parko, heir presump tive of Lord Frogmore, an unmarried brother, falls in love and marries Miss Lctitia Ravaistone, of Gro- oombo, or " Tisch," as she is called, whom be moots at the country house of Lady Silllnger. Tho man ners of 4 'Tisch "are thoso of a country girl, and the Dowager Lady Frogmore prognosticates that John will havo to 14 lead a life " with his brido. Chapters III and IV.— Mrs. John Parke, after her marriage, has, in process of timo, flvo children, and is happy as over sho had wished. After a lapse of time she has an unexpected meeting with an old friend, Mary Hill, tho vicar's daughter, from Ore- combs. Sho patronisingly invites hor old friend to visit her at her residence, Mount- street. She does so, and the upshot is that tha visit becomes a longthy ono. Chapter V. It was in tho beginning of the shooting season, when birds woro still plentiful and tho best of tho sportsmen visitors wero come or coming, that Lotitia was ono cvoning startled by lioaring of the arrival of a gentleman, who was more than the number expected. Such a thing had been known before ; for John's invitations wero some- timos a littlo vague, and ho occasionally made a mistake ; but it was particularly annoying on this occasion, bccauso Mrs. Parko had not boen at. boma for taa, and, therefore, was not afc hand to placo tho unoxpeoted guest. " Tho only thing I could do, ma'am, in tho circumstances," said the butler, "was to refer to Miss Hill, and sho said tho gentleman must havo hor room ; so I put him in Miss Hill's room. " " You wero quito right, Saunders, since Miss IlilL was bo kind ; and I daresay it will bo all right. But you have not told me who tho gen tleman was," Tbo butler mado a littlo pause — a respectable family servant never forgets that every family has its secrets. Ho coughed discreetly behind his hand. " I did not ask tho gentleman's name, ma'am — Miss Hill seemed to know him very woll." " Miss Hill — knew him very well !" Aston ishment and a certain consternation came into Lotitia's face. But sho recollected herself, per ceiving Saunders's look of extreme discretion, whioh is always an alarming thing. " I havo no doubt it is all right," sho said, with great self possession, " and you havo dono exactly what you ought to havo. dono in referring to Miss Hill — send up someone to my room with a cup of good tea. Ono never gets tea ono can drink out of one's own house." Mrs. Parko repeated to herself, " Some ono Mary knows," under hor breath. She was momentarily disturbed. Could it bo a piece of presumption on Mary's part bringing in some one she knew? But this was so incrcdiblo that Lotitia dismissed tho idea, laying it nil upon the broad shoulders of John. "Ho must havo made a mistake again," sho said to herself. She was late, everyone had gone to dress for dinnor, and tho mistress of tho house only lin gered for a moment in tho drawingroom to seo that all was in ordor, to givo a littlo pull to the curtains, and a littlo push to the chairs, suoh as the mistress of the house always finds necessary when sho is expecting guests, breaking tho air of inovitable primness which the best of servants aro apt to have. Sho looked round to see that all was right, and thon sho went upstairs to her room to dress. Mary was standing on the stairs at tho end of tho corridor which lod to tho nur sery, evidently waiting for hor. " Oh, can I speak a word, Lctitia?" sho said. " I don't see how you can," Baid Mrs. Parke, " for I am late, and you know tho "Withering- hams are coming. I cannot keep thom wait ing. But eomo into my room, if you liko, while I dress." Mary wns not. coming to dinnor on that oven- ing, so that sho had no need to dross. Sho looked pale and anxious standing in the doorway at tho end of tho nursery passage in her old grey gown. " But I must speak to you alone — not beforo your maid," sho said. " Somo naughtiness, I suppose," said Lotitia with a littlo sigh of despairing impatience, "Really, yon aro too particular. But it must wait till to-morrow, my dear — I have only time to slip on my dress." ' But, oh, Letitia " " For goodness sake don't bother me to death when you know tho Witheringhams aro com- ing," Mrs. Parke said. And she went into hor room, leaving hor friend standing outsido. Lotitia did not olose the door, but left it pos siblo for Mary to follow her, if tho oommu- nication was so vory urgent. But this Miss Hill did not do. Sho hesitated for a moment, wrung her hands, and then disappeared liko a ghost within tho narrow portals of the nursery passage. Had Lotitia only known the words that woro on her hor lips, had Mary been less frghtened, less terrified at the sound of her own voice. But it could not hava mode muoh difference after all — tho shock would perhaps have boon less great— but to do away with it altogothor was not in any one's cower. Letitia dressed in great hosto. She had only timo to swallow tho cup of tea whioh sho hod ordered — to put on her new velvet with tho point lace and diamonds — a rcvilre, but nothing much to speak of, which Frogmore had sent her on the birth of tho heir— and to pull on one of her glovos, whon a sound of carriage wheels in the avonuo mado her hurry downstairs to lia in her plnco beforo tha Witheringhams arrived. The "Witheringhams had never dined at Greenpark before. They wero very fine peo ple indeed, the oldest family in the county, though he was only a Baron, so rich that thoy did not know what to do with thoir money. They lived a great deal abroad, and it so happened that Letitia had uover beforo been oblo to offer hor hospitality to theso distin guished persons who wero so littlo in need of a dinnor. For tho first timo it had " suited " to-night, and to have been a moment late, or to havo anything out of order would havo boen a sin whioh Letitia, suoh a model of social propriety as sho was, would not have forgiven herself. Happily, she was not only in tho drawingroom herself, but two or three of tho ilitc of her guests had come down in good time and stood about like black statues in that irreproachable lenue which speedily dit- tinuishes Englishmen. It was a moment in- dosoribablo whon Letitia placed Lady "Wither- lugham in tho easiest ohair, and sitting down near hor, with tho warmest cordiality, mingled with respect made tho discovery that this groat lady's diamonds were really ofter all not as good as hor own. Sho did not betray the con sciousness, but it gave hor secret exhilaration. She felt that Bhe approached her guests upon nearer terms. " It is a pleasure wo hava wished for so long, dear Lady Witheringham," sho said, "to sea yon in our own house." "We are a good deal away," said tho old lady, " Witheringham can't stand tho winter in Englaiid — and to toll tho truth when we ara at home wo are not fond of new people neither ho or I." " I hopo," said Letitia, " that we can scarcely be considered now people now. Aftor nearly seven years. Sho saw hor mistake immediately, but Lady Witheringham only smiled. "My husband," sho said, with a slight emphasis, "knew the first Lord Frogmore. Ho got his title for something or other— services to the Govornmont." Hera tho old lady laughed, as if thoro oould be nothing more ridiculous than acquiring a peerago in this way. "But I have heard," she said, after a pause, "that your own family was quite res pectable." Lotitia was not proud of her family, and liked to bring it forward as little as possible, but a natural sentiment still existed in her bosom, whioh wns touched by this remark. "Oh, indeed, I hopo so," she cried, with a slight movefhent of irritation, whioh she was not able to conceal. "I mean, of course, In point of antiquity," said Lady Witheringham, ".in othor respects we're oil in the hands of Providence. Nothing, yon know, can secure morals, or those sort of things —and less in an old family than in others, I sometimes think— Dear mo," sho added, raising a double oyoglass, and looking at the othor end of tho room with ouriosity, " What havo wo hero?" Letitia lookod up, following Lady Withering- ham's glance. I may truly say that if Mrs. Parko wore to live for a hundred years she would never forgot the spectacle that now presented itself to T'fter eyes. Tho drawingroom at Grconpark was I a long room, opening from nn antoroom with ' large folding doors. In tho middle of this fttnplo opening stood ft figure in nyolvot coat, the worse for wear, with a huge beard, long hair ftnd a general nir of savagory. Ho was a little scared apparently by the sight of so many . people, and by the looks directed towards him, 1 «nd stood with a certain hesitation, looking with a half bold, half alarmed air at tho circlo of ladies near the fire. Letitia sprang to her foot, and caught John by the nrm. " Go and ' see who it is ! go and send him away," she said ; t but oven as she spoke licr voice went out in a : kind of hollow whisper. Oh, heaven and earth ! ' that this should happen to-night ! Everybody was looking towards the same point, and John, much surprised, but not daunted, was walking towards the strange intruder, when ho seemed to catch sight of Letitia, standing thunderstruck by her own hearth. If she had kept her scat, and thus kept partially out of sight, things might not have turned out so badly, but everything went against her to-night. The stranger saw her, and came forward with a lurch and a shout. " Hallo, TiBch," he cried. His voice was like a clap of thunder, and shook the pictures on the walls. His big step made tho whole house thrill and creak. Ho caught her in his arms in . the middle of all tho astonished ladies and gentlemen, and gavo her n resounding amaok that might havo been heard half a mie off. " How aro you," ho said, " my lass ? I'm as glad to see you as if yo were tho winner in a tip top race. I began to. think I'd been wrong directed and this wasn't my sister's house after all." . The thoughts that passed through Letitia's mind in the moment of that embrace wore too many and too swift -to ho put. on pnper. Shn tore herself out of tho huge arms which hold her up liko an infant, jumping on tho floor in a momentary paroxysm of passion in which if she could she would havo killed tho inopportune visitor. But even while she did so a whole dis cussion, argument and countor argument fiashod through her mind. She would havo liked to have killed him ; but ho was here, and . tho butler was at the door announcing that dinner was served, and Lady Witlieringham was cer tainly surveying this big brute, this horrible savage — ns Lotitia called him in her heart — through those double eyeglasses. It was .ne cessary that the mistress of the house should quench every sentiment and keep up appoaranccB. She said " Ralph 1" with, a, littlo shriek in which somo of hor excitement got out. " Gracious goodness !" said Letitia, "I thought you were in Africa. How could you givo mo such a Btnrt without a word of warning. John, it's Ralph'1 ." She paused a moment, and tho desperate emergency put words into hor mouth. "Ho has been after — big game — till lie looks like a lion out of the woods himself," she cried, with another little shriek — this time of laughter. There was a wildhess in it which half betrayed her, but she recovered horself with a little stamp of hor foot. "John," bIic said, "dinner is waiting — don't let us keep everything back for this littlo family scene." She seized, her brother by tho haiid while her guosts filed off decorously, almost wounding him with the sharp pressure of her finger nails. "Don't oomo to dinner," she whis pered ; Mary Hiil's in tho house." Ralph gave another great laugh. "As if I didn't know "that," ho said; " but I'm coming to dinner. " I want to see you in all your grandeur, Tisch." She had to take old Lord "Witheringham's nrm while the brute was talking, and to smile into t-ho old gentleman's face and to sweep past the stranger, leaving him to follow or not as he pleased. Her heart was beating wildly with fury and dismay. "Don't you think, Lord "VVitheringham, it is a bad thing when young men go off into the desert — after big game — and grow into savages ?" sho said, Sho laughed to blow off some of the excitement, but there was a. glare whioh ..nobody ' could have believed possible in bcr dull eyes. "That depends very much," said Lord AVithcringham, oracularly. He would not com mit himself. " Sometimes it is the best thing a young, man' can do—sometimes it is not so fortunnto." Letitia, who expected every moment to have a denial thundering over her shoulder ' about this big game, and who knew very well that her brother Ralph had not gone away for hunting, as tho men did among whom she passed hor life, but for vory different reasons and to very different regions, was very glad to hugry along at the end of the procession listen ing to what wont on behind, hoping against hope that Ralph might do what sho suggested, that he might go in search of Mary, and not appear at all among peoplo who su plainly did not want him. Sho thought for somo time with , a great relief that this was what had happened. But when sho had taken her place in tho dining room between Lord AVitheringham on one side . and young Lord George Hithprways on tho other, .that place to which sho had looked for ward to with so much pride and pleasure, sho saw by tho little commotion among the detached men who came in last, tho men who had no ladies to tako caro of, that thero was no such relief for hor. Ralph was in tho midst of them conspicuous in his velvet coat. Ho pushed them about a littlo so as to got hearer to his sister. ".I beg your pardon if I'm taking your place, but I have r.ot seen my sister for 10 years," B'no heard him saying in his big voioo ; arid when all the gncrits were settled as near as possible in thoir right places, lo, there he was planted next to Mrs. Kington within three of " herself. Letitia grew pale when she saw that her brother was so near— then thanked her star's that at least, since it must bo, ho was within reach where sho horself could do what was pos sible to subdue him., Oh, that Mary had hut . been there ! Oh, that Mary had but said that word of warning which sho had been so anxious to give. AVhy did not tho fool 'speak? AYhat did it matter whother the maid was present or not ? Throe words only wero needed — " Ralph is here," and then she would havo known what to do. Letitia had looked forward to that dinner as her greatest triumph. She meant to havo been so brilliant and entertaining that Lord AVithor- ingham, who liked to havo amusing young women .to talk to him, might havo been filled with admiration ; but how can you bo witty and brilliant when you aro attaining your ears to hear what somebody olso is saying ? Tito, con versation flagged in spite of all sho could do. Lord AVitheringham devoted himself to his dinner with a look of supremo gravity.. Sho herself sat, violently loathing her food, but swallowing it in sheer desperation, feeling ovory idea that had been in her head desert her. 'In fact poor Letitia was never brilliant in conversa tion, but thia sho did not know. Meanwhile Mrs. Kington was amusing horself very much, and young Lord .Georgo did nothing but laugh and listen to tho backwoodsman. "Tell me about, tho big game," tho lady had said .in. a little mellifluous voice. "I shoot myself, - and my husband has mado the most famous bags. Ho was in Africa, too. Pray tell mo about the big game. Did you go in for lions or elephants, or what was it ? It is so interesting to meet with a man fresh from tho desert." -/'You- are -very kind to say so, my lady," said Ralph, "but it's all nonsenso about big game.. That's only Tisch's .fun. She knows very well I had something quito different in my mind. I've had a shot at a kangaroo or a dog, and I am sorry to say I've hit a black follow more than onoo by mistake. Perhaps that's what she calls big game. AYell, it is if you come to that, and deuced serious game tod. You may shoot as mnny tigers as you like, and got a reward for it, as I've heard ; but if you shoot a black fellow, he's no use even for his skin ; and if it's known you get the Government upon your skoulders just tho same as if he was a Christian." '.'That is bard," said Mrs. Kington, in her pretty voico. "I suppose you mean' negroes, Mr. — — ." She stopped and looked at Letitia with that delightful impertinence of the high orders which is one of the finest flowers of civilisation. " Do you know," she whispered to Lord George, yet not so low but that Letitia could hear, "John Parke married so much out of our set that I don't know what was her name." " My name is Ravelstonc, and I don't caro who knows it," said Ralph. " AYo are not very particular about names in the bush. Some times yon may live for years with a fellow at tlje same ' station and never know more than somo: nicknamo that's been given him. They used to call mo " " Your name is as old as any in Yorkshire, Ralph," snid Lotitia, arresting the revelation. , "Dear Lady AVitheringham was just saying so. . Do you know what she said 7 That yon know tho first LoqI l'rogmorc, Lord AVitheringham. Vt,o won't let John hear, but I know what sho meant. She meant that the Parkes wero nobody to speak of ; but I am happy to soy Lady AVitheringham was quite acquainted with my family. AVo havo never had a title. AVhat is the good of a mushroom title, that dates only from this century? ' "I entirely agree with you, Mrs. Parlce," Lord AVithcringhaih said. "AYhot is tho use," cried Letitia, "of put ting on a gloss of nobility when you have tho substanoo before ; and what' is the use of plastering over a namo that means nothing with titles? For my port I think thore's nothing liko real antiquity — a family that lins lived in the same place and ' owned the same ground from tbo beginning of time." " Mrs. Parke, I admire every word you say. Such just feeling is very uncommon," Lord AVitheringham said. "Lord, Tiscb, how you do run on! How father would have stared if be bad heard you. A title for us !— Oh, by Jove," cried Ralph. His roar shook the table. Oh, if some one would kill him — poison him — put him out of Letitia's sight ! Ciiaptrh VI. Tho room swam in Letitia's eyes; a mist seemed to rise over the sparkling dining table — over all the faces of tho guests. The voices, too, rang in a kind of hnbbub, ona confused, big noise,' through whioh she seemed ablo to be snre of nothing except the words of Ralph and tho laughter, in whioh all round were so ridiculously, so horribly ready to join. AVhat revelations ho might mnkc ! How certainly he would provo to the others that he wns no elegant prodigal from the fashionable deserts whore so many great porsons wont aftor big game, but a mere Austra lian stockman sent there because nobody knew what to do with him at home! She was vaguely aware of talking a great deal herself to stop his talking, if possible, with the drendfnl result of merely increasing his outpour ings, and of having to subside at last in sheor prostration of faculty, into an alarmedand horri fied silence. Ralph, it was evident, amused her guests though ho did not amuse Letitia. And that dreadful Mrs. Kington, bow she devoted herself to him ; how she played upon him and drew him out ! AVhon tho moinont camo for tho ladies' withdrawal, Letitia rose with mingled relief and terror. She said to herself that no man could bo so dangerous by Ralph's side as that clever, spiteful woman; and yot at the eamo timo the dreadful consciousness that among men when they wero alone revelations still moro appalling might bo made, and that John knew nothing of this prodigal brother, gave her a new causo of alarm. Even in such dreadful circum stances, however, n woman has to enduro and say nothing. She gavo Ralph a glanco as sho passed liim, whioh might have annihilated him, but which conveyed no idea to the obtuso mind of thebushman; while ho elevated his' eye brows at her, and made a noise with his tongue against his palate. " You aro in all your glory, Tisoh !" he said, ns she passed. But furious and terrified ns she was, she had to go like a martyr to the stake and leave him — to do further harm — who could tell? Mary Hill was in the drawingroom when the ladies filed in, woaring a dyed dress whioh Letitia had given hor, with nervous hands clasped tightly together, and anxiety and panio in her eyes, Mrs. Parke gave hor an angry grip- as she passed, and said in a fiorco whisper, " How could, you let him oomo?" to which Mary answered with a confused murmur of anxious explanation. And then tbo ordeal began once more. " How amusing your brother is, Mrs. Parke. I don't know when I have laughed so much. It is so delightful to meet a man liko that out of tho wilds— and so genuine— and so funny !" " You had all tho fun at your ond of the table," said another lady. " AVe heard you nil in shrioks of laughter, and wantod to know what it was about." "It was about everything," said Mrs. Kington, laughing at the recollection. "He is so delightfully wild, and such a domocrat, and so unconventional." " Too much so, a great deal, for the comfort of his family," said Letitia, with a gnsp. Sho was clever enough to seize upon the ohanco thu3 afforded her, " It is not so amusing when the person belongs to you, and when you know how he has thrown away all . his chances," sho said, panting. "Ah !" said Lady AVitheringham, with sympathy, "young men aro so silly; hut none .of us can throw a stone in that respect." This, though Letitia did not know it, was as good as a bombshell to Mrs. Kington, who knew a great deal about prodigals. "To bo silly is one thing and to bo amusing is another," said that lady ; "every man is not such fun who sows wild oats abroad.. You must mako him tell you about the black fellows. I nearly died of laughing. Thero is one story I .must toll you " " For my part I would rathernot die oflaugh- ing," said the great lady. She took Letitia by tbo arm and drew her in tho direction. of the conservatory. " Lot rao boo your flowers," sho said, " and never mind what they say. I know what it is," she added, shaking hor head, "to havo a boy in tho family that you can make nothing of. I sympathiso with your parents, Mrs. Parke." , The emergency lent a clevornoss which she did not possess to Letitin. She said with a half sob, " Ho had no mother." This was not a loss which sho had ever been specially moved by beforo ; but necessity develops the faculties. Lady AVitheringham eiasped her arms still more closely. "Ah, poor boy !" she said; "tell mo if it does not pain j'ou, dear Mrs. Parke." Dear Mrs. Parke ! tho words inspired Lotitia. AVasit possible, she asked horself piously, that good was to come out of ovil ? and she did tell Ralph's history, with many details unknown to that gentleman himself, to her sympathotis listener. Tiiey walked about softly ' in front of the subdued lights in the conser vatory, tho old great lady leaning tenderly upon tho arm of John Parke's wife, whom his othor guests wero describing to oaoh other as a nobody. " He's not a gentleman at all, and I daresay sho was a milliner," Mrs. Kington said, fcoling it very piquant to communicate these conjocturos all but within hoaring of tho person most con cerned. And Letitia divined bnt now did not care, for had she not got Lady AVitheringham on her sido ? Mary Hill 9at alone, not noticcd by anyone. Sho occupied tho place which a governess of retiring manners does in such a party. All governesses are not persons of retir ing manners, and consequently the rule does not always hold. And Miss Hill wns not tho govorness. Sho was not a salaried dependent, bat a friend who in icality conferred instead of receiving benefits ; but it was as a dependent that everybody regarded hor. Sho sat very quiet with a sonso of guilt towards Lotitia, which was entirely gratuitous, and a confusing feeling that sho was somehow to blame. That she would ho blamed sho was very well aware, and her powers of vindicating and asserting herself wero small. Beyond this there was great trouble and confusion in Mary's mind. Tho sight of this big, flushed, dis orderly, half savage man had been a revelation to her even moro distressing than his sudden appearance had been to her friend. Letitia's prido was assailed, but in Mnry the wound went a great deal deeper. AVhen Ralph had been sent to Australia ten years before, he was young, and his offences, though terrible to a girl's sensitive innocenco and ignorance, had been things -to weep and pray over rather than to denounce. Poor Ralph ! Ho hod been her sweetheart when they woro chil dren, he had supposed himself in ioye with her years ago, and Mary had carried all theso years a softened image of him in her heart. She had sighed to herself over it in many a lonely hour. Poor Ralph ! If her expectations of his return bad never been clear, it was still always a possi bility pleasant to think of. And now lie hod come, and her faintly visioned idol had fallen prone to the ground, like Dagon in his temple. Ho had never attained tho importance of a demi god, to whom Bacrcd litanies might ho said. Bat. thero had been a vague niche for him in the background of tho temple. And in a moment ho had fallen, with tho first sound of his rough voice and sight of his deteriorated countenance. Mary was still under the influence of this shock, and it was complicated by the conviction that she was to blame, that Letitia would think that she was to blame, that sho would be accused and would not know how to defend horself. Sho sat alone, trembling over tho ovoning paper which Bho was pretending to read.' She heard the chuchotcment of the soft yet venomous voices near, which wero tearing Lotitia's pretensions to pieces, and assuring each other thatthoy bad always known her to be a nobody, and the other less audible strain of Lotitia's narrative to Lady AVithering ham. AVhat roraanco wns she telling about poor Ralph to interest the old lady so — poor Ralph, who nover had any story but vulgar dissipation and the sharp remedy of being turned out of Ilia father's house to do what he pleased ! The gentlemen as they came in mado tho usual diversion, arrested tho talk of tho ladies, and made an alteration in tho groups. But Ralph kept his placo among tho younger men, standing in n group of them telling his bush Btories, keeping up noisy, peals of laughter. Somehow tho carriages of Lady AVitheringham and of Mrs. Kington lingered long that night — or rathor, which wns a sign that the evening bad not been a failure so far ns they were concerned, these ladies lingered and showed no inclination to go away. AVhen tho great lady got up nt last she bestowed a kiss upon her palpitating hostess. " I am so much touohed by your eonfidonco in mo, my dear," sho said, and actually held out her hand to Ralph with a condescending good night. " I hopo yon will find your native country the bestnow that you havo returned to it, Mr. Envoi- stone," she said. Ralph was so dumbfounded that fortunately ho could only reply by a bow. Bnt Letitia's troubles were not over oven when her outdoor guests wore gone. There wero still tho visitors in tho houso, and tho familiarity of the smoking room, in whioh Bho was sure her brother would fully unveil himself. Sho mado an attempt to draw him with her when tho moment came for tho candlcstioks. "Come with mo to my boudoir, Ralph," sho said in hor kindest note. Bnt tho monster was not to bo cajoled. "Oh, I think I see myself in a bou-duar as you call it when there's a lot of jolly fellows waiting me.". Letitia caught him by tho hand sharply, though with out putting her nails into it as sho would havo liked to do — " Mary's ooming with mo," sho said with the most winning notes she could bring forth.. Ralph . roared pvor her. head, opening a wide cavern of ' a - mouth iri the middle of his big beard. "Mary's an old maid," ho said. As for John Parke, ho had a troubled air, and cast, ourious glances of mingled reproach and interrogation at his wife ; bnt he could not leave his guests in the lurch. By tho time she had escaped from tho surveil- lanoo of tho stranger's looks and had got lmlf way up tho stair, Letitia had come to havo one clear purpose in hor mind, if no moro— and that was vengeance. Sho said to hcrsolf that all tho misories of the evening were Mary 's fault ; its alleviations, Lady AVithcringham's kindness, and her kiss of sympathy Mrs. Parke folt she had achieved for hcrsolf — but for Ralph's appear ance, unannounced, and indeed for his prosence at all, untimely, it was Mary that was to blame. Sho paused on tho stairs whoro the passage led off to tho nursery apartments whoro MisB Hill, when hor room was appropriated as now, found n refugo, and turning sharp round gripped Mary's hand, who was so fluttered and frightened that sho made a step bnckward and nearly lost her balance. Letitia held her up with that grip furious and tight upon hor arm — "You oomo with me," she said fiercely, " I'vo got something to say to yon- " . "I'd ratbor— hoar it to-morrow," said poor Mary. "No— to-night," said Lotitia between hor pale lips. Sho led hor way to the boudoir, whioh indeed wns a room snored not to sulkinoss but to mnny a conflict. It was whero sho rocoived her housekeeper, her nurse, her husband when ho was iff the way, tho homely dress maker who helped Mrs. Parke's maid with her simple drosses, and Miss Hill ; these wore tho privi leged persons who knew and had to listen to the cloquont discourses of Lotitia — and they had all a sacred horror of the boudoir. Sho swept into it this ovoning with Mary following and flung herself into a olinir. Her oyes, not generally bright, had littlo flames in them. She was pnlo and panted for breath. . After all hor long re pression it was an unspeaknblo . relief to get to this sanctuRry to givo vont to herself, to heap wrath upon everybody who was to blame — "Well, Mnry . Hill !" she. cried, with - a snort of passion, turning upon her friend. The dia- . mends on her ncok gave forth little quiok gleams as they moved with tho panting of her wrath as if they simulated the passion which burned in their mistress's eyes. "AVell, Letitin," said the mild Mary, "I see you are vory angry — ;. "Havo I not reason to be angry ? AVliy on earth didn't you let mo know? .AVhat motive could you have to keep it a secret? AVhy, for goodness sake, didn't you tell me ? I never will fathom you, Mary Hill ! ",And io think that you- should linro brought this upon me without a word, without making a sign — " I implored you to lot mo spoak to you, Lotitia. I waited on tho stairs for you." "Implored me! Waited for me: why you should havo forced mo to hear. Do you think if it had. been as important as that I should have been content to wait on the stairs? . I'd have lot any one know that minded as much ns you know I'd mind. If they'd killed me I'd have lot them know — and yon think; I've triod lobe so kind to— oh, oh, Mary Hill. To think you' should havo stood by and seen it all and never lifted a hand,! " "AVhat could I do?" said poor Mary. "I wasn!t oven there— "And why weren't you there? There arc no risks in suoli a case an that ; you should have dressed nnd coino to dinner and made him take you in and kept him quiet. That's what yon would havo done if you had boeq a true frionrl." ; " I couldn't have taken — such a liberty ; when you hod sottlod it all." "AVhat did it matter about my settling it all. Did I know what was going to happen ? And' to take tho advantage just then of coming when; I was out of the way ! Bnt I. toll you what' Mary Hill. I klamo you for more than that. You never should havo let him come in it all — you never would hod yon been a. true friend." "Oh, Letitia, what could I, do? Your own brother. " "My own brother — such a pleasant visitor, don't yon think ? — such a credit to us all — without oven an evening coat — like a clown, liko' a blackguard, like a navvy . Oh, my patience !" oried Lotitia, whose eyes, were starting from hcr'lioad and who had no patienco at all. "But I know why you did it," she added aftor an angry pause to get breath. "Oh,' I remember well enough. It's not for nothing you're an old maid, Mary Hill ! Don't I know that you've had him in your mind all tho while." Alary, though she was so mild was driven beyond the power of self- restraint. She was all the more easily shaken perhaps that there was a certain truth iu it. . It xvas truo that Ralph Ravelstone had never been forgotten — and that his shadow had come between her and tho only marriago she had ever had it in hor power to make— bnt not, oh, not as he ap peared now. "I think, ".she said with some gentle dig nity, " that it is very improper of you to say anything of the kind. If I am nn old maid, it's at least by my own will, and not because I could not holp it." Mary was very mild, and yet sho felt that standing upon the platform of that proposal whioh was tho one instance past in her life of tho last years, it was hard to bo assailed as an old maid by one who know her eo well. Lotitia stood for a moment surprised— seareely believing her ears. That Mary should have turned upon her ! It was liko the proverbial worm that sometimes at unexpected moments, will turn when nobody is thinking of it. " I know as well ns you do that you refused a good offer. AVhat was it mado you do it ? Oh, I can see through you, though you don't think so. I nlwnys Huspected it, and now I know it. But what did you expect to gain by bringing him here? Why Bhould he be brought here ? If you had ever told mo, if I had known ! a man who has been 10 years in tbo bush, a man with a hand like that, and not an evening coat ! Oh Mary, you that I have always been so land to, how could I ever hove expected such a thing of you?" Tears of rage eame to the relief of Letitia's overburdened soul. But she suddenly rcgainod command of herself in a moment, dried her eyes and turned to the door. It was now her own part to stand on the defensive, to prepare to givo explanations nod excuses. There was no mistaking tho step whioh wns npproaching, tho heavy step of tho outraged husband, ho who had never evon heard of Ralph's existence, John Parko was not a man before whom his wife was acoustomcd to tremble. But she did not know what John might be about to pour forth upon hor now. (To be continued.) 