THE BOTTLE IMP. CHAPTER II. — (Continued.) Tho Ohit|uinau listened and listened for somo time, nnd at last ho c. tiled up tho houso to Keawo to ask liitn if ho wero woll, nnd Keawo answered him ' Yes,' and bado hiin go to bed, but thero was no more singing in tho Bright House, and all- uight long tho- Chinaman hoard his ninstor's fcut «o rctiml anil rntmtl tho balconios without repose. Now tho truth of it was thU : — As 'Keawo undressed for his bath ho spied upon his flosli a patch liko a patch of , lichon on a rock, and it was then that lie f slopped singing. Tor he know tho liko ncss of that patch, und ho know that ho had fallen iu tho Chincio evil. Now it i3 a sad thing for any man to fall into this sickness. And it would bo a sad thing for auyotio to leave a huuao so beautiful and so commodious and dopart from all hio friends to tlio north const of Molokai, botwocn tlio mighty clill and tho sea breakers. But what was that to tho | cnao of tho man Keawo? Ho who liad j met his love but yesterday, and won her but that morning, and now saw all his hopes break in a moment like a pieco of : gla38? Awhilo he sat upon tho edge of tho bath ; then spnmg with a cry and ran out sido, and to and fro along tlio balcony liko ono despairing. 'Very well could I leave Hawaii, tho homoof my fathers,' Koawo was thinking. 'Very lightly could 1 leavo my liouso, the high placed, tho many windowed, here upon tlio mountains. Vory bravely could I go to Molokai, to Kalaupap t by tho clffl'j, to live with the smitten and to sleep there far from my fathers^ But what wrong have I dono, what sin lies t upon my soul that I should havo oncoun 0 tored Kokua coming cool lrom tho sea wator in tho ovening — Kokua tho soul ensnnrcr, Kokua tho light of n»y life? Her may I never wed, her may I look upon no longer, her may I no more liandlo with my loving hand. Aud it is for this —it is for you, O Kokua, that I pour my lamentatiuns !' Thereupon ho called to mind it was tho noxt day tho Iiall went by on her return to Houoiulu. 'There must 1 go first/' ho thought, 'and seek Lopaka. For tho best hupo that 1 havo now is to find that same bottle I was so pleased to got rid of.' Now you aro to observe what kind of a man Keawo was, for ho might havo dwelt . thero in tho Bright House for years and no one been the wiser of his sickness ; but ho recked nothing of that if ho must loso Kokua. And again ho might have wed Kokua oven as he was; and so many would havo done becnuso they have tho Fouls of pigs. But Keawo loved tho maid manfully aud ho would do her no hurt and bring her in no danger. A littlo beyond tho midst of tho uight caiuo in his mind tlio recollection of Lhat bottle. Ho went round to tho b ick porch and called to memory the day wlun tho devil had looked forth, aud nt tho thought J ice ran in his veins. 1 'A dreadful thing is tlio bottle,' thought Keawo, 'and dreadful is the imp, and it \s a dreadful thing to risk the ilames of hell. But what other bono havo T to euro my sickness or to wed Kokua ? What 1' ho thought, ' would I beard the devil onco only to get mo a liouso and uot ftioe him agaiu to win Kokua?1' HI. Never a wink could he sleep, tho food stuck in his throat; but ho sent a letter to Kiaun, and about tho time when (ho * steamer would bo c-jir.ing rode down be side tlio cliiT of tho tombs. It iaiued ; Ilia horse wont heavily ; ho look. d up at tin black mouth of caves and ho ouvied tho dead that, slept thero and were done with trouble, and called to mind how ho had gatlopvd by tho day before, and was astonished. S-hec.tmcd«wii to llook^na, and thoro w is all the c luntrv gathered for tho steamer, as usual. In the *hcd btforo tho storo they sat and j sfed and p.isded tho news; but thoro was no matter of speech in Keawo's boso'ii, aud be sat iu thoir midst ami l-nked without on ihu rain falling ou the houses and tho surf boating among tho rujks, und tho sighs arose iu his tlr ont ' Keawo, of tho Bright House, is outof spirits,' paid one to another. Indeed, andso ho was, and litMu wonder. Then the llall came aod the whuleboat carried him on board. Thy after part of tho ship was full of Haoles — .whites — who had been to visit th'i volcano, as their custom is, and tho midst was crowded with Kanakas, and tho foro part with wild bulls from Hilo and horses from Kau ; but Keawo set apart from all in his sorrow, nnd watched for the house of Kiano. There it Bat low upon tho shore in tho black rocks and ehnded by tho cocoa palms, and tiiero by tho door was a red holok'u, no greater than a fly, and going to and fro with a fly's business. *4 Ah, queen of my heart, 'ho cried, '1 will venture my dear soul to win you 1' Soon after darkness fell and tho cibins were lit up, .and tho Haoles fat and played at tho cards and drank whisky, as their custom is ; but Keawo walked tho dock ) all night, and all the next day, as thoy steamed under tho lee of Maui or of Molo kai, lie was still jncing to and fro like a wild animal in u menageri *. Toward ovening they passed Diamond Head and. came to tho pier of Honolulu. Keawe stepped out auiong tho crowd ami began to ask for Lopaka. It seemed ho , bad becomo' the ownor of a schooner, nono better in tho islands, aud was go no upon ah adventure as far as Pola-Pola or Kahika; so thore was no holp to be looked for from Topaka. Keawo called to mind a friend of his, a lawyer iu the town (I must hob toll his name), and inquired of him; they said he had grown suddenly rich and had a fine now hcuso upon Waikiki shore ; and this put a thought in Keawo's head, and ho called a hack and drove to tho lawyer's houso. Tho houso wns all brnnd now, and tho .trees in the garden no greater than walk ing- stieks, aud tho lawyor (when ho came) had the airof a man well pleased. . *\ What can I do to servo you?' said the Uurjrer. 44 You aro a friend of Lopaka's,' replied Keawe, 11 aud Lopaka purchased from nia a cortnin piece of goods that I thought you might enable mo to traco.' Tho lawyer's faco bocaino very dark. ?**1 do not profess to mUundor*tand you, , Mr. Iv*awot' sakl ho, ' though this is an ugly business to be stirring in. You may be sure I know/nothing, but yet I have a gue^s ; and if you would apply in a cer fcgin . quarter, I think you might havo aows. And he nnm«d tho name of a man, t^fe*--,ir|iioli-aga»i-rI;--had. better not ropoat. So ^^4V'Wa» .tor.-d»i)i:V'auil -Keawu ?wonVfrouft s / cite to miothUt everywhere now hinted at hU business, their faces would cloud over. 44 Ko doubt, I am upon tho track ' thought Keawe. These new clothes and carriages aro all the gifts of the little imp, nnd thoso glad faces are the faces of men who havo taken their profit and got rid of tho accuraod thing in safety. Whon 1 b'oo pale chocks and hear sighing, I shall know that 1 am near tho bottle.' So it befell a4*, last that ho wa3 recom mended to a Haole iu Baritania streot. When he camo to tho door, about tho hour of tho evening nioal, thero wero the usual ninths of a new house, aud tho young garden, and tho elcctric lights shining in the window ; but when tho owner came a thock of hope and fear ran through JCeawo. For here was a young uiau, white as a corpse, aud black about tho oyos, the hair shedding from his head aud such a look iu his countonaucc ns a man may havo when he is waiting for the gallows. ' Hero it i*, to be sure,' thought Kea wo ; and so with this man ho noways veilid his errand. 'Icumo to buy the bottle,' said he. At tho word tho young llnolo of Bor itania street reeled against tho wall. ' Tho bottle !' ho gasped. To buy tho bottle.' Then he seemed to choke, and seizing Keawe by the arm carried him into a room aud poured out wine iu two glasses, j u Hero is my respects,' said Keawe, who had been much about with Haoles iu his timo. 4C Yea,' he added, 44 lam coiue to bay the bottle. What is tho prico by now ?' At that word tho young man lot his glass slip through hio lingers, aud looked upon Koawo like a ghost. 44 Tho price,' says he. Tho price. You do not know tho prico?' 14 It is for that I am asking you,' ro turned Keawe. ' But why aro you so much concerned? Is thero anything wrong about tho prico ?*' 44 It has dropped a groat deal in value since your timo, Mr. Keuwe,' said tho youni* man, stammering. 14 Well, well, 1 shall havo to pay less for it,''8ays Keawe. 44 How much did it cost you ?' Tlio young man was as white as a Bhoot. 4tTwo cents,' said ho. 14 What!' cried K'awo ; two cents? Why, thou you can only sell it for ouo. And ho who buys it— The words died upon Keawo's tongue. He who bought it could never soil it agaiu ; tho bottlo and the bottle imp must abide with him until ho died, and when ho died must carry him to the red ondof hell. The j^ouug mail of Beritania street fell upon his knees. 'For God's sako buy it 1' ho cried. ' You can havo all my fortune in tho bargain. I was mad when I bought it at that prico. 1 had embez zled money at my store ; I was lost elso I must havo go no to jail.' 11 Poor croature,' said Keawe. 44 You would risk your soul upon su desperate an adventure, aud to avoid tho proper punishment of your own disgrace ; aud you think I could hesitate with lov« in front of mo. Give mo the bottle and tho change which I make sure you have all ready. Horc is a live cent piece.' It was as K*?awo supposed ; tho 3'oung man had tho change ready in a draw ; the bo'.tlo changed hands, and Keawo's lingers were uo sooner clusp-d upou tho stalk than ho hreathod his wish to be a cleau man. And suro enough, when ho gobh'jmoto his roo n ho stripped himself beforo a glass, his flush was whole like an iufaut's. Aud hero was tho stranso thing ; ho had nouoouor soon thismiraclo than 1i:b mind wa* changed within him, and ho^ cared naught for tho Chinese Evil, and littlo ouough for ICakua ; aud had but ouo thought, that here ho was bound to tho bottlo imp for timo and eternity, and ho had no hotter hopo but to he cinder forever 111 tho flames of hell. Away ahead of him he siw them blazo in 1*13 mind's oye, aud his soul shrank, and darkness Ml upon tho light. When Keawo came to himself a little, lie was aware it vvas'tho night when the baud played at the hotel. ' Tnither ho went, because ho feared to ho alone ;aud there, among the happy faces, walked too aud fro, and heard the tunes go up and dow.i,and saw Merger beat tho measure, aud all tho while ho heard tho fhmos crackle and saw tho red fire burning in tho bottomless pit. Of a sudden tho band pbiyed 'Ilika-ao-ao;' that was a song that he had aung with Kokua, nnd at tho Bbrain courago returned to him. 44 It is done now,' ho thought, 41 and onco more let mo tako tho good along with the evil.' So it bofell that ho returned to Hawaii by the first s-entnor, and ns coon as it could bo. manag d ho was weddod to Kokua, audcirricd her up tho mountain side to tho Bright Houao. Now, it was with thoso two that when they woro together, Keawo's heart was stilled, but so soon as ho was alone ho fell into a brooding horror, aud heard tin li uiicb crackle and saw the rod firo burn iu tho bottomless pit. Tho girl, indeed, hndcomo to him wholly flier hcirb leaped in her sido at sight of him, her hand clung to his, and cho was so fashioned from tho hair upon hor head to tho nails upou her too? that nono could soo hor without joy. She was pleasant iu her nature. She, had tho good word always, Full of conus she was, and went to and fro in tho Bright Houso tho brightest thing in its three stories, caroling like biids. And Keawo beheld and hoard hor with delight, and then must shrink upon onesido, and weep nnd groan to think upon the prico I10 hud paid for hor ; aud then ho must dry his eyes, and wash his faco, and go and sit with hor on the broad balconies, joiuing in her songs, and (with a sick spirit), answering her smiles. Thero caiuo a day when liei fojt began to got heavy aud hor songs iu-:»re rare ; aud now it was Keawo only that would woep npart, but oaoh would suudor from the other, nnd sib in opposite balconies, with tho wholo width of the Bright Houso betwixt. Keawo wns bo sunk iu his des pair ho scarce observed the change, and waB only glad ho had moro hours to sit : aleno and brood upon his destiny, and was not so fr- quoutly condemned to pull a snmmg face on a sick hoarb. But ono day, coming softly through tho house, lie heard tho found of a child nobbing, aud thero was Kokua rolling hoi faco upon Ihe balcony floor and woeping like tho lost. 44 You do well to keep in tho hcuso, Kokua,' ho said, 41 and yet I would give the head otl' my body that you, at least, might havo boon happy.' 44 Happy I' she oricd. Koawoi' whan you lived nlono in your Bright Houso you 'were tho word of tho island for. a happy men ; laughter and song wore in your mouth, and your face ? was as bright 'tis tho sunrise. ,Then voti wedded poor Jtokua,; nnd tho good God knows what is that.- day you havo Poor Kokua,' said ICcawe. Ho sat down by her sido and sought to tako hor hand, but that sho plucked away. u Poor Kokua,' ho said, again. 'My poor child, my pretty ! And I thought all this whilo to spare you ! Well, )\\-u shall know all. Then at least you will pity poor Keawo ; then you will understand how much ho has loved you iu tho p ist, that I10 dared hell fur your possession, and how much ha loves you acill — the poor, tho condem ned ono— that ho can yet cull up a smilo wheu he beholds you.' With that lie told her all oven from tho beginning. 44 You have done this for mo?*' sho cried. 44 Ah, woll, then, what do I caie ?' and sho chi^p^d an-l wept upun him. 41 All, child,' said Keawe, ,4and yet, when I consider tho 'lire of hell, I care a good deal.V ''Never tell 1110,' she said, u no man can be lu.it because he lovod Kokua, and no other fault. I toll you, Keawe, I shall save you with these hand3 or porish in your company. What ! you loved me* and you gave your sun!, and you think I will not dio to save )'ou in return ?' 41 Ah, my dear, you might dio a hun dred limes and what difference would that inako ?' he cried, 41 except to leavo ino lonely till tho timo comes of my dajn nation.' 44 You know nothing.' aaid she; I was cducatcd in a school in Honolulu ; I am no common girl, aud 1 tell you I shall save my lover. What U this you say about a cent ? But all tho world is not American. In England thoy have a pioco called a farthing, which is about half a cont. Ah, sorrow, sho cried, 44 that makes it scarce hotter, for tho buyer must be lost, and we shall (itid nono so bravo ns my Keawo! But, then, there is France; they have a small coin thero which is callod a centime, aud thoso go five to the cent cr thereabout. We could not do better. Come, Koawo, let us go to tho French islands ; lot us go to Tahiti as fast as tho ships can bear us. There wo have four centimes, threo centimes, two ccutimcs, otic ccntiiue ; four possible sales to come and go ou, aud two of us to push tho bargaiu. Come, inv Keawo, kiss mo, and bauish c.iro. Kokua will defend you.' 44 Gift of Gods,' ho cried, 44 1 cannot think that God will puuish mo for desir ing aught so good. Bo it as you will, thon 1 tako 1110 where you please; I put my lifo and my salvation in your hands.' Eirly the next day Kokua was about hor preparations. Sho took Keawo's chnst that I10 wont with sailoring ; and first sho put tho bottlo in tho corner, and then packed it with the richest of their clothes and the bravest of tho knick knacks in the house. 44 For,' said she, 4- wo must seem to be sick folk, or who will beliovo in the bottlo ?' All the time of her preparation sho was ns gay as a bird ; only when she looked upon Keawe tho tears would spring in her eyes and oho must run and kiss hiui. As for Koa wo, a weight was offhiB soul ; now that ho had his secret shared, and some hopo in front of him, ho seemed liko a now man, his feet wont lightly on the. earth, and his breath was good to him again. Yet was terror still' at his elbow; and ever and again, as tho wind blows out a taper, hope did in him, and ho saw tho flames too and tho red firo burn in hell. It was given out iu tho country thoy wero gone pleasuring to the states ; which was thought a ntraugo thing, aud yet not so strange as tho truth, if any could havo guessed it. So they went to Honolulu in tho Hull, aud thence in tho Umatilla to San Francisco with a crjwd of Haoles, and at San Francisco took their passago by tho mail brigantine, the Tropic Bird, for Papeete, tho chief placo of tho French* in tho South Soa Islauds. Thither they came, after a pleasant voyage, on a fair day of the trado wind, and saw the reef u ith the 3Urf breaking and Motuti with its palms, and tho aehoomrs riding safely inside, and the white houses of tho town low down along the hhoro amonir green tr« cs, and overhead tho mountains and the clouds of Tahiti, tho Wise Island. It was judged tho mo3t wise to hiro a houso, which tliuy did accordingly oppo site the British Consul's; to make a great parado of monoy, and themselves con spicuous with carriages and horses. This was very easy to do as long a3 thoy had the bottlo in their possession, for Kokua was moro bold than Keawe, and whenever sho had a mind called on the imp for twenty or a hundred dollars. At this rate thoy soon began to bo remarked in the towu ; and tho strangors from Hawaii, their riding and thoir driving, the fino holokus and tho rich laco of Kokua bocamo tho matter of muck talk. Thoy got on well aftor tho first with tho Tahitian language, which is like to tho Hawaiian, with a certain change of letters ; .and as soon ns they had any tree dom ot sp3cch, begun to push tho bottlo. You are to consider it was no easy sub ject to introduce ;it was not easy to per suade people you wero in oarnost whon you ottered to sell them for four centimes the spring of health and rich, iuoxhauat nble. It was necessary besides to explain tho dangers of tho bottlo ; and either people disbelieved tho whole thing and laughed, or they thought tho moro of the darker partt became overcust with gravi'y and drow away from Keawo and Kokua as from persons who had dealings with the devil. So far from gaining ground, these two began to find they wore avoided in the town ; tho children ran away from them screaming, a thing intolerable to Kokua ; Catholics crossed themselves as they went by, and all persons began with ono accord to disongage themselves from thoir advances. Depression fell upon thoir spirits. Thoy would sit at night in thoir new houso, aftor a day's weariness, and not exchange ono word; or the silence would be broken by Kokua bursting suddenly into sobst Sometimes thoy would pray together, Bomotimes thoy would have tho bottle out upou tho floor, and sit all ovening watching how the shadow hovered iu tho midst. At such times thoy would be afraid to go to rest ; it was long ere slumber came to them, and if either dozed 6tf it would be to wake and find the other silently weeping in the dark ; or perhaps to wake alono, the other hav iug fled from tho houso and tho .neigh borhood of that bottlo to pneo under tho bananas in the little garden, or to wander on tho bench by moonlight. O110 night it was so when Kokua woVo. ICeawe was gono ; she felt in tho bed and his placo was cold. Thon fear fell upon hor nnd uhe sat up in bed. A littlo moon shine filtered through tho shutters ; tho room wns bright, and sho could epy tho bottlo on tho floor. Outside it blow high, tho great troos or tho avenue cried out uloud, and tho fallen loaves rattled in tho vorandab. In tho midst of this I Kokua was awaro of another sound 1 whether of a boast or a man she could not tell, but tb was as sad ? as* . death, and cut hor to hor soul, ^ Softly '.she l arose, set It was Kokua's firet thought to run forward und console him. llor second potently withheld her. Koawo had borno himself beforo his wife as a bravo man ; it bccamo hor littlo in tho hour of weak ness to intrude upon his shame. With tho thought sho drow back into the house. ''Heaven,' eho. thought, 'how caro lo3s have 1 been, how weak 1 It is ho, not 1, that stands in this eternal peril ; it was ho, not 1, that took tho curso upon his soul. It is for my sako and for the lovo jf a croature of bo littlo worth and such poor help, that ho now beholds so closo to him the ilames of hell, ay, nnd smells the smoke of it, lying without, thoro in tho wind and moonlight. Am I so dull of spirit that never till now 1 have surmised my duty ? or havo I seen it bo foro and turned . asido ? But now, at least, 1 take up[uVy soul iu both the hands of my nffccLiou now I oay farewell to tho whilo steps of Heaven and the wait ing faces of my friends. A love for a love, and lot mine bo equalled with Keawo's.! A soul for a soul, and let it bo mine to perish P 1 1V* This was a d«ft. wouian with her hands, and sho was soou apparelled. Sho took in hor hands tho change; tho precious centimes thoy kept ever by their side, for ihis coin is little used, and thoy had made provision at a government ofiico. Whon sho was forth in thoavonue, clouds came 011 the wind, and tho moon was blackened. The town slept, and sho knew not whither to turn till sho heard some ono coughing in the shadow of tho troes. 44 Old man,' said Kokua, 'what do you do hero abroad in tho cold night ?' Tho old mau could scarce express him self for coughing,- but sho made out that ho was old aud poor, and c. stranger in the island. 44 Will you do me a service?' said Kokua. 'As ono stranger to another, and as an old man to a young woman, ?will you help a daughter of Hawaii ?' ' Ah,' said tho old man, ' ko you aro tho witch from tho eight islands ? And oven my old soul you seek to entangle. But I havo heard of you, and defy j'our wickcdness.' ' Sit down here,' said Kokua. and | let mo toll you a tale.' And sho told him the story of Keawe from tho beginning to tho end, 44 And now,' said sho, ' I am his wife, whom he bought with his soul's welfare. And what should I do? If I wont to him nnd offered to buy it ho will refuse. Bntif you go ho will sell it eagerly. I; will await j'ou hero ; you will buy it for | .four contuses, ,md I will buy it again for throo. And tho Lord strengthen a poor girl 1' 44 If you meant falsely,' said tho old inan, ** I think God would strike you dead.' 'Ho would!' cried Kokua. 'Bo sure I10 would. I could not bo so treach erous. God would not sutler it.' 4* Givo mo tho four centimes and await me hero,' said the old man. Xow, when Kokua stood alono in tho street her spirit died. Tho wind roared in tho trees, and it seemed to hor tho rushing of the flames of holl ; theshndows tossed in the lights of tho streot lamps, and thoy seemed to hor the snatching hands of tho evil onos. If sho had had the strougUi sho must havo run away, aud if sho had tho breath sho must have screamed aloud ; but in truth she could do neither, and stood and trembled in tho avenue liko an allVighted child. Then she saw the old man returning, aud hohjid tho bottle iu his hand. ' I havo done your bidding,' suid he, I Iff r. your husband weeping liko a child ; to-night he will sleep eaby. And he held tho bottle forth. 41 Beforo you givo it to mo,' Kokua panted, 44 tako the good with the evil — ask to bo delivered from your cough.' ' I am an old man,' replied tho other, 'and too near tho gale of tho grave to take a favor from tho devil. But what in this ? Why do you not tako tho bottle ? Do von hesitate ?' ' Not hesitate f cried Kokua. 44 1 am only weak. Givo me a moment. It ia my hand rcsUts! my flesh shrinks back from the accursed thing. Ono moment only!' ? The old man looked upon Kokua kindly. 44 Poor child I' said ho. 41 you foar your soul misgives you. .-Well, let mo keep it. I am old and can never moro bo happy in this world ; and as for tho next — : — ' ' Givo it 1110 !'gaspod Kokua. 44 Thoro is your money. Dj you think I ntn so based a3 that ? Give mo tho bottlo.'' 41 God bless you, child,' said tho old man, Kokua concealed the bottlo under her holokui said farewell to tho old man, nnd walked ofT along I ho avonuo, sho cared not whither, for all roads wore now tho: samo to her, and led equally to hell. Sometimes sho walked, and sometimes ran, and Bomotimes lay by tho roadside and wept. All that sho had hoard of hell camo back to lior : alio saw tho flame's blaze, and she smelled tho smoke, and her flesh witherod on tho coal.?. Near day sho camo to her mind again aud returned to tho house. It was oven as the old man said, Koawo slumbered like a, child. Kokua stood aud gazed upon his faco. 4\Now, my huabaud,' Baid she, ' it is your turn to sleep. When you wako it will bo your turn to sing and laugh. But for poor Kokua, alas! that meant no evil — for poor Kokua no moro sloop, no more singing, no moro dolight, whether in earth or heaven.' With that she lay down in tho bod by his side, and her misery was so cxtromo that she foil into a slumber instantly. Late in the morning hor husband woko up and gave her the good iiowb. 1 1 seemed ho was Billy with delight, for ho paid 110 heed to hor distress, ill though she dis sembled it. Tho words stuck iu hor mouth, it mattered not ; Keawo did tho Bpeaking. Sho ate not a bito, but who was to observe it? For Keawo cleared tho dish. Kokua saw and heard him, liko somo atrango thing iu a dream ; thero woro times when alio forgot or doubted, and put her hands to her brow ; to know herself doomed and to hear her husband babble, Roomed so monstrous. Ail the' \yliilo Keawo was eating and talking nn.d : planning tho time of thoir return, aud thanking hor for saving him, and fondling hor, and calling her tho fruo helper aftor all. Ho laughed at tho old man that was fool enough to buy that bottlo. A worthy old man hoeoomcd,' Koa wo said. ' But no oho can judgo by ap pearances. For why did tho oldroprob.Uo require tho bottle.?' . : 44 My h'tlB'hand/^eald Kokua, humbly, I ??liis purpose may havo Ijooh good.' ; . rJSgaw 0 ,1 au gh.^d iko r-an^mn g r . J i|MB|d?£»dc-dcet' cried Koawo. 'An old 