WITHOUT A. MOTHER IIAPTER V. (Continued.) . What an anomaly was this beauti ful Ethel ! She could meditate so foul a deed as infanticide, and contemplate, while under the influence of passion and ambition, the destruction of that little life, on which all that was left of happi ness for the desolate young widow de pended, and yet she could not hear the moan of poor Bridget Roche, with in difference. ' What is the' matter, Bridget ' she asked, lifting the tarpaulin that covered the poor crenatoe's little re treat ; ' what his happened i' 'Och, lion !--that has -happened which will break my poor heart, after Rory has broke ivery bone in my kin l' You frighten me, 'Bridget,' said Ethel. ' Tell me what is the matter 1' Oh, my dear honey I the matter is that that has happined ag'in which has happined to iue twice :afore, and Rory, the crule, drunken baste, swore if it iver happined'lg'irl he'd be the death of me. But let him be my death; I don't rally my life now, after what has happened.' And she burst out sobbing violently. 'Bridget, do tell me what it is 1' aid Ethel. . ' Och hone ! och 'hone I .the blissed Virgin have pity on me I Look here, honey, see what I'v? dboie in my heavy sleep.' She uncovered the face of one of the twine-she hqd eeinarocking it in her arms as she moaned and sobbed and as the moonlight. fell on the little face, Ethel saw with horror that the child was dead. Ethel tremeled violently at the sight of death in that infant form. In - wardly she thankedheaven that it was not through aeiy"c'riiia'of here that that awful unmistakable change had been wrought in the ,little baby girl she had often seen fell of health and life. ' How did this happen, Bridget " asked Ethel. ' Hush ! hush I'Rory's drinking wid the men hard by. He'll:kill me if he finds out !' 'He cannot blae' ion, Bridget,' said Ethel ; ' what fault:is it of yours I' 'Sure then I[overlaid' it, honey, and I'm minded to throw myself oveorboard with my little Biddy that was to be, for the blissid soul's niver been christ ened. I'l not live to tell Rory I've overlaid the child: HRe's a crale baste to me, but-eho vallies the little :uns. Och hone ! och hone ! I'll make away wid myself and with little Biddy the night.' ' . As she spoake of throwing little Biddy overboard a though flashed across Ethels mind. -A scheme rapidly wove itself in her clever, plotting brain. A crimson glow suffused her face, a ...A;..ke,,s,. r i ed her large black eyes. She clasped her hands to gether in a transport of joy. 'Bridget,' she said, ' listen to me. Your little Biddy was of the same age and size as the babe I nurse. Had she been dressed like the little countess, or the little countess like her, who'd have been able to tell the difference 1' 'No living sowl, honey.'snid Bridget; 'for, sure, it's fine fedes make fine birds.' ' Your husband would not know the difference were we to dress the little countess in Biddy's clothes 1' ' Not he ! He's always half over, and Biddy's duds areall heiver sees of the poor little equalpeen.' Ethel then bound Bridget to secrecy by a solemn oath, told her it was the great object of h:-r life to get rid of the little countess without staining her hands and her soul with blood, gave her to understand that the babe gone she should be a great lady, with wealth at will, able to make Bridget's fortune, and that, by substituting the little countess, for the dead Biddy, Bridget would escape all chance of her hus band's detection, and of his brutal re sentment. She argued so well, and Bridget's fears of her husband and hopes of wealth from Ethel were so strong, and she agreed to all that was required of her. Ethel drew ont a sort of agreement, with a history of the whole tran'a:tion between herself and Bridget. 'At tsr last moment it had struck her that it might be a power ful instrument it her hinod, ahon'd Sadley Dong'ae, whoa "asuoi'ng the t;tle of'Earl of Glendower, refuae to make.hor. his cun'ass. Fite h-d now no very great confidence in hih word. his honor, or his conltncy; but he wodutd be in her poewer if she had is boher ke:ping prrofs of the ex- I isten:e of t.o little coutes. The chi!d hid bheo privately bsp'ised as Wilhelmina, and Bridget agreed to call the child Minnie. In this docement its exact age, the color ef its eyes and hair, and a birth.mark rerembling an arrow: hosd on iteleft bresoest, were recorded. Bridget and Ethel signed this paper,and each had acopy. - Ethel and Bridget together; sotletly and hurriedly, in tse deed of the night, clothed the baby countess in little Biddy's coarse, di'eoloured rags, and arraeoged the little corpse in the ine linen cambric and lae of the infant peceress. Bridget vowed to be a kind mother to I the little creature, whom she and Ethel were thus defrauding of its-birthright; but she wept silently the whole'night long, and doting ma ny a long, dlepleis tight en after life, as she thought of her' Biddy 'at the bottom of the sas.', . Ethel, on the contrary, "carried her Echeme teiumphansly throngh, as the reader knows, little dreamiso how soon she herselftwas to bethe victimof a plot betweetoo the captain of the Litcia and the Turkish traffickers in female beauty, who had so eannoiegly devised a plan for carry. ingoff the lovely English girl to the slave market at Coustastinople. Haow well Ethel played her par', how well ashe eacted the madness of despair, we all kree; but at the time, uncoasciously to her.elo. sheHasa plyiog ibto the hands teocaptain, and eoablioghim to hand over to the Turks. We mut rleave her ere long to the punishmaenut she has" o well deserved. Diseppointed love, blighted hopes, defeated ambition, baffled cunning-these are her companions in the new life of luury, idle ness, and silken bondage which, to her active spirit and passionate heart, are maddening in their monotauy and restraint. With a heart fall of wild, intense love 'for her betrayer, Sedley Douglas, and the conviction that another will certainly share that ancient title, and these vast estates and that noble fortune which the well attested death of the infant countess will secure him, it is no marvel that, among the listless, soft, fat beauties of the seraglio -who did nothing but bathe and dress, and doz: and loll on sofas, and gossip in a to her, unknown tongue-Ethel was like a caged tigress. She terrified the languid beauties of the harem by her burats of passion and im patience, her frantic efferts to escape, her disregard of the established rules of the seraglio, and her contempt fir the au thority of thehideous and gigantic black monsters who were placed orer the women,- and before whom all the other beauties in the harem were silent and awe stricken. Fearing the effect of such an example on the weak minds of these women, the chief of the black monstere, exasperated by a violent box en the ear which Ethel bad dealt him for preventing her egress, had taken upon himself to remove her from the woman's apartments to a richly-furnished but solitary chamber. Great was lhthel's terror when she found herself alone in this remote ap. artment, with three of these hideous, gigantic wretches, with their huge tar. baned heads, their black skins, Moorish featured,aend fierce eyes, rolling so that the whites contrasted frightfully with the polished jet of their skins. . In their strong, muscular arms Ethel, though a tall, fine, strongly built young woman, was helpless as an infant ; and as they knew that the sultan was in the. company of a new beauty-a very lovely Georgian, whom he had long coveted, and who had cost an enormous sum-and that, therefore, it might be some weeks before he would tire of her charms, and command the attendance of the English beauty, they thought that might safely gratify the malice and hatred they felt against all women in general, and Ethel in par ticular, by inflicting the punishment of the bastinado upon the soles of her feet. However, they- had rackoned with out their host-that terrible host, the sultan. The Georgian maid, lovely as she was, proved so inanimate, so ex actly like dozens of others in his sera glio, that her presence wearied and bored him. She was a soft, loving, submissive creature, and so were all the beauties of his harem. He sighed for something new, and then he beo. thought him of the English girl, of the purchase and charms of whom his chief purveyor had so boasted. Resolved to judge at once of her beauty, the sultan repaired to the women's apartments causing great ex citment, flutter, and surprise by this unannounced and unexpected honour. Never used to the slightest disap.. pointment or delay, he was furious when he found the new beauty was not in the wromen's pretmonte., and his dark brow grew darker, and his eyes flashed when one of the pretty prattlers told him of Ethel's having been forcibly re moved for violence and misconduct, and added that she had actually boxed the ears of the chief guardian of the women. And quite right, too,' the sultan thought, but did not say so,. 'The girl has some spirit. I have heard these Englishwomen have a will of their own-minds like men-bearts all love, if one can but win them, and as many whims and caprices as there are minutes in the day. It would be some thing to conquer the heart of such a women. Whereis the English stranger' he asked of some of the attendant slaves. Those slaves were very glad to think the chief overseer would, in all pro.. bability, be punished, and his sub. ordinates too. They attended the sultan to the chamber where Ethel, who had just received one terturing blow of the bastinado on the sole of one of her delicate hlittle feet, was shrieking in agony, and alternatively reviling these monsters and imploring their mercy. Great was the dismay of the hideous overseers when the sultan, attended by his officers, and followed by several of his slavee, entered the room. The black monsters at once released their hold of Ethel, dropped their turbaned heads till their black, narrow foreheads touched the richly, carpeted floor. Ethel, seeing this, and beholding the abject terror of her tormenters, g.uesed that the handsome, fat, and somewhat languid-looking man, so richbly arrayed, and with such an air of command, was'the sultan. When the sultan entered Ethel lay on the floor, her splendid golden hair, loosened in her recent struggle with her tormenters, all in beautiful con fusion, and falling over her fine form like a golden veil. - Her cheeks wpire flashed; her black eyes were on fire i her half-bared, snowy bosom heavt d convulaively. She started up, rushed forth, and falling on her tnees before the sultan, she implored his protection, aid denounced the cruel wretches, who stood trembling in every limb, while they, livid with horror, resd their doom in the saultan's lowering, angry eyes. The sultan raised Ethel, and led her to a.co?achl, and sat down beside her. SSee what they have done, your majesty,' said Ethel, pointing to her beautiful little foot--so white and pink, with its arched instep and delicate uancle, and from the rosy sole of which the blood was trickling. The sultan said a few words in Turkish to one of his officers. Those words were spoken almost under his breath; but they were words of doom, of death, and as they fell on the large, flat ears, in which the hoops of gold quivered, the monstess fell on their knees, and howled and prayed for mercy in vain. SSlaves, you have violated the laws Sof mny harem, whihob, as you know, for bid corporeal punishment to women. By Allah l you shall die the deathl' said the: sultan, without the least emotion. Ten minutes later, their hideonusheads were borne on a tray to the sultan, as he sat, gazing tenderly on Ethel, and saying a few words to her in broken English-words expressive of admirae tion and love. The sultan, with a wave of his jewelled hand, presented those hideous heads to Ethel. at once a tribute to her beauty and a token of his power. At the sight of those frightful heads, with the sightless eyeballs, and the flat features, distorted by a sodden and violent death, and dripping with blood, Ethel grow sick and faint, and seeing this, the sultan ordered them to be removed, intimating to Ethel that such should be the fate of any one who gave her any offence. '.And my fate, too,' thought Ethel, as she recoiled with horror from the despot by her side, 'should I give any offence to so cruel,haughty, blood thirsty a tyrant. However, I will try to keep up my courage, and be true to myself and my Sedley. Will your majesty allow. me to retire ' said Ethel. 'I feel ill, and wish to be alone.' By this time the sultan had sent for an interpreter, who trembled for 'his own head as he faltered out Ethel's request. ' Tell her I will share and embellish her solitude,' said the sultan; 'that it is my sovereign will and pleasures to remain with her. Tell her I love her, and that she must love and obey the sultan.' Ethel replied, while her cheeks were flushed, and her eyes sparkled ' Tell his majesty that, in the fair and free land from which I came, there is no must in love, There, if a monarch would be loved by a peasant maid, he must win her love. There women are neither toys nor slaves. I claim of his majesty's generosity my birthright as an Englishwoman. Betrayed by a villain, the eaptain of the ship in which I was returning to England, to wretches who in their t'srn sold me in the slave market of Constantinople, majesty his has purchased this ill-fated person, 1 know, but all the gold in his treasury could not buy my heart.' This spirited reply, which the inter. preter repeated with livid lips and a beating heart, did not offend the Sublime Porte. It piqued his vanity, and ins creased his passion. 'If your heart cannot be bought, beautiful Venues of the West,' said the sultan, 'give me at least some hopes that it may be won. How shall I win it?' All the innate coquetry of E:hel's nature was called forth by this humility in one so potent and so proud. 'In my dear, noble land,' said Ethel, 'a woman a true, devoted, and exclusive love is deemed by the proudest men a prize for which years of patient de votion is not too great a price.' ' We who are nearer the sun,' said the ultan, ' have not the cold virtue of patience.' ' And, yet,' said Ethel, ' it was in the warm East that Jacob served twice seven years for Rachel.' ' Give me hope,' said the sultan, 'and it shall be as you wish. Your will shall be mine. If I leave you to night, at what hour may I gaze on your beauty to-morrow 2' ' At the hour most convenient to your majesty,' said Ethel, shrinking from the proffered embrace of her fat, middle-aged tyrant. lave. But the morrow found Ethel in no state to receive the sultan's visit. The savage blow on her foot, dealt by the wretches whose hideous heads were exhibited in the court yard as a warning to their successors in office; had caused an attack of erysipela'. Ethel was in a high fever. Her life was in danger. She was delirious, and the rage and disappointment of the sultan knew no bounds.' The physicians knew that their heads depended on Ethel's recovery. The slaves who had to convey their bulle tins to the sultan shook with terror as heo delivered them." While Ethel lay on a rich coach, surrounded by doctors and slaves, who expected every moment would be ner last, a sudden revolt in a distant part of his dominions compelled the sultan to leave Oonstatinople. Before he did so, however, he promised rich rewards to all the doctors end nurses in atten' dance on her in case her life were saved, and threatened one and all with the bowstring if on his return he fonod she had died under their hands. ' We are all dead men now,' said th chief doctor to the others. Th English slave will not see anothe dawn, and we good Muasulmen are to die for this infidel girl. Allah is good, and Mahomet is his Prophet 1' ' Allah is good, and Mahomet is his Proph-t,' replied the next in office; ' and I would rather be with the hooris in the paradise of the Faithful than live in constant terror of the bowstring and the sack down hers !' " Allah is good l' repeated the first physician, and so is Mahomet, his Prophet, but the bowstring is a neck. lace I can dispense with, oand the sack is an unpleasant addition to one's last bath.' ' One or the other will be ours,' said the third doctor ; ' for see the shades ol de.th are on the English'girl's face. Allah is good 1' OHAPTER VI. -The very day that one of Sedley Douglss's victims was sold in the slave market at Oonstantinople, the other the widowed,childless aountess of Glen dower-was landed at Dover. There, in his character of trustee, executor, and guardian under his late brother's will, Bedley Douglas- now Earl of Glendower-was in [readiness to re ceive her. As the poor young victim was car. tied from the boat,to the Lord Warden Hotel, even her destroyer was struck with horror at the change wrought in her once beautiful face and form, After her husband's death she had been ill, very ill; and she looked to Sedley Douglas when he first saw her at Leg horn very like what we imagine a sorrowing angel to be. But then she had her child to live for; now she was bereft of everything, and desolation and despair were her portion. Her husband, dear as he was to her, had died, it is true ; but he had died a natural death. His decay had been perfectly resigned, and had died blessing her, and speaking of the better land where they would be re united, After the first wild bursts of anguish, the countess, kneeling by her baby's cot, had bowed her beautiful head in resignation to the Divine will, and vowed to devote herself to the in fant of the dear departed. 'There was resignation in her pale face, faith and hope in her violet eyes. Her sweet, soft countenance looked like, that of a marble statue, so white and delicately chiselled, surrounded by the fluted and precise borders of her white crape widow's cap; and her black robes, with deep crape folds, set off her slender form. Now Bedley Douglas, gazing at his c:uel work, sees that in her despair she has torn the widow's weeds from her head, that her beautiful hair is pushed back from her burning brow, and hangs, agged, lustreless, disheveled about her wasted form. Her eyes, fall of a lurid fire, gaze at him, but do not see him. A hectic spot is on her hollow cheeks, her lips are black and parched, and the fingers of her thin, hot, semi-transparent hands tremble end work convulsively. Sedley Lord Glendower, as he glances at her, feels convinced that if not a:tu ally insane, the bereaved and widowed mother is on the point of becoming so. 'It will be a merciful dispensation should it prove to be the case,' he said to himself. 'I believe the mad, with their delusions, their privileges, and theirimmunities, areoften much happier than the sane. It is my duty as her trustee to see that she is well cared for, and that every comfort and luxury that can alleviate her present condition shall be furnished for her. Whether it will be better for her to have keepers and attendants in some secluded but elegant home of her own, or to be placed in some first-rate private asylum, under the care of some eminent man celebrated for a 'system,' is a point yet to be decided on. I suppose Vanessa will expect to have a voice in the matter; but, for myself, I advise the former. It will seem kinder to the world, and will be less likely to promote a cuare, Now a cure in Wilbelmina's case is not desir able, either for herself or others. ' For the present I shall have her re moved to some quiet lodging in the en virons of Dover, hotels are very ill adapted for invalids. If it is as I sup pose, the physicians I shall call in will easily ascertain the fact that she already is, or inevitably will be, insane; and the point once established, no de lunatico inquirendo will be necessary in this case, since, as trustee under her marriage settlement, and her co-executor and guardian of the late infant countess, I am in possession already of full power to manage her and her property, if s' becomes a lunatic; By the by, my late brother's valet, on the authority of the countess's maid, tells me she has been at times very violent, and once after the child was drowned they were obliged to tie her hands, lest she should injure others or herself.' Poor Wilhelmina ! is this the end of all your brilliant prospects I At eigh teen, the bride of the man she loved-a countess, with thirty thousand a year -beautiful, blooming, all-accomplished! Not yet nineteen, a childless widow, a perfect wreck in form and face, and, worst of all, a lunatic! The physicians who mot together to consult about the case of Wilhelmina Dowager Contess of Glendower con firmed the opinion of the new earl. Brain fever had been in her case suc ceeded, as it often is, by mania. All the world praised the new earl for his great devotion to his unfor tunate sister-in-law. Boon after the return to England of the widowed countess, her father, the good old vicar of Roslyn, died suddenly. The countess had then not afriend in the world to take any interest- in her fate, or to offer the slightest opposition to anything which her brother-in.law, the Earl of Glen. dower, and the physicians he em ployed, decided upon with regard to her. The dower house of the widowed Coontess of Glendower was a ver) gloomy, romantlo old building, not far from Warkwortb, on the North um brian .coast. .- - . - , - .... It had been an abbey in the olden time', a~si it was surrounded by a very high, ivy.mantled wall. It was still called the Abbey, and it was said that it abounded in secret chambers, sliding panels, vaults, dungeons, and had even a subterranean passage com municating with the ruins of a litIle church close to the sea. A village of some importance had stood there once ; hut the sea had ad'. vanced, and the inhabitants could not safely disregard a notice to quit giveni by old Father Ocean in his wrath. TheC village was deserted after a terrible inundation, and of a once pop. ulouse place only a few fishermen's huts remained. The spot was still called St Mary's, the church and the abbey having both been dedicated to Saint Mary as their patron saint. Sedley Douglas's mother, when she became a dowager, might, had she chosen to do so, have taken possession of the abbeyas her dower house. But she had a horror of the place ; and not merely that, abshe was extremely at tached to RoslynQastle, and determined to live there until the young earl and countts returned from Italy, and even then she thought she might talk the gentle Wilhelmina into allowing her to remain. When the news of her eldest son's death reached her, she, when the violence of her grit had in some des gree abated, said to her favourite Van essa ' I dare say I shall never have to leave Roslyn at all. I shall not live long, now that I have lost my pride, my darling, my George I And, of course, during the minority of the little countess, her parvenue mother will be only too glad to conciliate me by pro posing my staying here.' Vaneesa, although there was a strange expression in her round, yellow eyes, softly answered 'I should think, my lady, the vicar's daughter would think it a very great honour to be allowed to live here with you.' The next news that came-namely, that of the infant countesa's death, and of its mother's insanity-induced the old Lady Glendower to say to Vanessa ' I am certain now of being able to end my days at Roslyn Oastle, Vans easa. The death of the child, and the consequent insanity of the mother, are very terrible and sad to think of ; but, as it has pleased Providence to take the child, and thus to afflict the mother, we can only bow our heads and submit. Of course, as my George is gone, I am not indifferent to the advantages of having the title and es tates decend to Sedley, my own eon, instead of their going to an infant girl, whose minority would last twenty one years, and Sedley is, I believe, a con firmed bachelor. So I may feel pretty sure that I can remain here with my daughters. Sedley is not a marrying man.' ' He was not one, my lady, as the Honourable Sedley Douglas ; but who can tell what he may be as the Earl of Glendower ' 'Ab, well, Vanessa, ' Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. I don't think I shall have notice to quit, nor you either, my dear. We shall be' able to stay here now Roslyn Oastle be-. longs to Sedley ; I feel we shall re main here i' One of us will certainly,' thought Vanessa;' but whether you are allowed to live on here or not will depend en. tirely in how you conduct yourself. When you learn, not only that Sedley is a marrying man, but that he will soon be a married man, and that I shall be his bride- i have not heard a word from him on the subject, though, since the admirable working of the plot I concocted has made him the Earl of Glendower, and some kind fate spared him a crimo-for a crime he must have committed, had not Ethel made away with herself. He is quite mean and ungrateful enough to evade the fulfil ment of his promise to me. He had better not!' she addrd, her eyes flshing, and stamping her little foot. ' He had better not. He is in my power; not that I would denounce and betray him, for I could not do that without impli.. eating myself. But he is a moral coward, and eo I will threaten him with exposure if he meanly endeavours to avoid keeping his word. But keep it, he shall, and that very shortly, too. He tries to avoid me now. Fooll asif any one could avoid Vaneasa when she is resolved not to be avoided ' It was exactly as the shrewd Vanessa imagined. Sedley Douglas Earl of Glendower, with thirty thousand pounis per annum, Roslyn Oastle in G-shire; Oak Park in B-shire, Glendower House in Grosvenor-square, mines in Cornwall, and Moors in the' Highlands, was a very different person to Sedley Douglas in a bachelor lodging in Jermyn-atreet, hiding away from his duns. Tailors who had insolently threatened were bowing and scraping before him now. Hosts of creditors who had de cided on compelling him to take the benefit of the Act weri now waiting in the ante chamber for a single word from the great man as he passed out of Glen. dower House, Groarenoranquare, into his coroneted carriage. Everyone to whom he owed anything cringed before him, as if the characters of debtor and creditor were reversed. Vanessa alone was resolved to exact full payment, and at once. Vaneasa Deville was nominally only companion to the oll countess at this time. She had been governess to the young Ladies Douglas, who, however, were her seniors. In reality she governed the countess, her former pupils, every member of the family, and visitors at the castle. Will and tact enabled her to do this. Vanessa's only real beauties were a profusion of glossy black hair of un. common length, and teeth which were like two rows of small, even, and snow.. white pearls. Of course, by the side of her very tall, blooming, and handsome pupils, or any other fine girls or women, Vanessa at first sight appeared insignificent ; but somehow, in the long run, in spite of her dependent position, all the gentle men, young and old, who visited at Roslyn Castle, carried away ini their minds and their hearts but one very vivid image, and that image was Vaneesa's. But then Vanessa was up and about, busy, useful with helping hands, and saying pleasant, witty things in a low, sweet voice, and making breakfast, and mending gloves, and filling sandwich cases and pocket-flasks when the pint and white beauties were fast asleep. They, entirely dependent on their maids, were barely ready when loncheon was announced. Vanessa, who was quite independent of an abigail, never having been used to one, and finding that they only en cumbered her with help, was always ready to enliven the still half hour be. fore dinner, while ,other ladies were under.the hands of their maids. Of.course, in her situation as a de dependent companion - governess, Yanessa could not have put herself thus forward, had she not been en couraged to do so both by Lady Glen dower and the Ladies Douglas, her daughters. Nothing deeper, more crafty, or more full of tact and manmuvre than Vanessa was ever born into this scheming, struggling world. She took care to conceal her quick, in tuitive perception of the conquests she made. She repeated-or invented-praises of the beauty of her pupils, and com. pliments paid to them by those who would have been very desirable matches for them ; but she took care never to mention the much greater praises and much more tender flatteries addressed to herself. She kept completely hidden the fact that she had received several offer% of marriage from men whom her fair, tall, blooming pupils, the Ladies Douglas, would not have refused. But Vanessa had formed her plans on the very first night she slept at R?oslyn Oastle,. h.Se h.a s.. a glance that Viscount Roslyn, the eldest son, was consumptive. She knew the symptoms well. She had lost her mother and two sisters by that insidious and terrible malady. ' The old earl is dropsical, and can not live long,' she thought. 'Sedley will be Earl of G!endower before a year is ou,, unless Lord Roslyn leaves a child. If he does-what then I Be that as it may, Sedley must and shall be Earl of Glendower, and I must and will be his countess !' Vanessa was born a schemer. Her father had been a schemer. Her mother had been a schemer. They had schemed in vain; for they died insolvent. But then they had neither Vanessa's genuis, nor tact, nor energy, nor her indomitable will. She induced Lady Glendower, Sed ey's mother, fo return to town soon after his accession to the earldom, and the dowager and her companion ar rived at Glendower House in the even ing while the new earl was out at a dinner party, She determined to wait for him. KHAPTER VII. VAorssA D IrZLEL desired the foot man in waiting not to tell his lordship that the Dowadger Lady Glendower, had arrived as she wished to give the earl an agreeable surprise. When Vanessa's neat little back was tuned, the footman made a grimace at it, and said to the porter S'What fools them old ladies are to he sure, Thomas. How can it be an agreeable surprise to my lord to find his wheezing old mar here f If it was some merry, rosy-cheeked gal it would be quite t'other; and my heye what hairs thet' ere drab of a governess do give herself. Any one would think she was about to become the Right Honourable Countess of Glendower hersl-.' The young earl did not return until two o'clock in the morning. He was very fond of play, and he belonged to a very grand club now-a club at which he had been black-balled twice as Sedley Douglas. He wes very welcome as Earl of Glerndower, and had had at his ballot nothing but white balls. Oh, this world, this world ! Wrigglesworth was absent on saome secret expedition. The sleepy porter and the wide-awake footman only bowed as his lordship, who had had a run of ill-luck, and had taken a little too much champagne, cursed them as he went up stairs. Old Lady Glendower had boon long in bed ; not so Vanresa. She had been on the watch for hours. When the youn; lord entered the drawing. room, he threw himself on a sofa. In a few minutes hbe was asleep. Vanessa, who was in an inner draw. ing-room, peeped cautiously out. She was always very pale-she was now marbleawhite-white as the muslin dress and lace shawl that she were. She stepped lightly to the drawing. room door, locked it, and put the key into her pocket. She had done the same by the doors of the whole suit of, rooms. She then approached the sofa where SBedley Earl ot Glendower lay, and placed her icy.cold hand on his forehead. He awoke, and started nuo in terror. 'Good heavens, Vanessal it is only you I' he cried. 'I was dteaming a confounded dream of ghosts, and goblins, and the denoe knows what, and I thoughtyou were something they called the White Spectre,' ' You must have either a very bad conscience or a very bad digestion Sedley, to dream such dreams,' said Vaneesa. '".What the deuce do you mean by that, eh1' said the young earl, savagely. * Do you forget who and what I am, Sedley,' sneered Vanessee, 'that you lose sight of all the respect due to a lady is talking to mel' 'Lady i-oh, dear no I I don't forget you, my little Nreasy, a good little soul who loves me-so give us a kiss.' He put hir arm round her waist as he spoke, and tried to draw her towards him. * Touch me not at your peril, fool!' she said, disengagiing herself from his embrace. 'I am no little Nesy, as you wel know. I am'-and here she drew near, and added, in a hissing whisper-' I am Vanessa Deville, the ,rchitect of your fortunes so far, but I :an poll down as fast as I can build up, and unless I am to be their sharer, too the rice to which I shall help you next, my lord, will be one to the gibbet.' 'Confound me if I know what you mean I' said the earl; but he was deadly white, cold and trembling. 'I mean,' said Vanessa, still in a hissing whisper, 'that I have burdened my consoienoce with crime to make you an earl, and that on the condition that Son make me a countess.' Refuse, and to-morrow I go to the Bow-street office, and take a warrant out against you as the murderer of your infant niece and of her nurse, Ethel ap Jenkyn.' 'No, no, not Ethel-you wrong me there, Vanessa. 1 am innocent of her death.' ',You will have to prove it then,' said Vaneesa. ' But,' falteredthe sail, 'you cannot do this without inoriminating yourself.' ' And what care I for that?' Has that been your dependence? Have you built your hopes of o cape on that? Why, if you deceive me, 1 wouli die a thousand deaths myself to bring you ta the sreffold. Harve you roever hoard of Queen's evidence, and of pard n far the accomplice, it he had had uo actuol'san l in the murder? Come, my lord, your choice lies between the halter end the alter. Your bride is death or Vanuess. Choose. I give yenu five minates. If, at the endof that time time, you do not come to me in the next room and ask me to name the happy day, to. morrow morning I denounce you, and before night you will be in Newgate.' She walked away into the inner to m, and before five minutes had eap:red the earl was by her side. 'Name the day, Yaneesa,' he said. SYou have won the game-I am etaeck mated.' Vanessa, without unob:ndiog her b ow, fixed the ninth day from that which had already dawned for a private wedding by special license in that very draeing- reorm; and saying, ' Yoa shall have my di e:tions with regard to details ta.mo-row, and,I wi.l are jo seg is in tbi room at midnight the day after,' she bowed henuhtill to her b ideg oun elect, and waked out of the room. But, for all her brave seeming, her deoermined air and resolute I ngueae, Venesea was in a state of intense nx sety as to the result of her innuendoes and her threat.. Had Sedley, the new earl of Glendover, plucked up a spirit, and turned fiercely upon her, acusing irr in his turn of the crime which she had planned, and denouncing her as the temptress, and in paut the murderess of the child and the destroyer of, the widowed mather, she would have been hlples'. She could not hve accused him without incrim:nating herself. Of this she was well aware, and as she left Sedley and repaired to her own room, a thousand fears and misgivings haunted her. All she had to depend on was not Fedley's love, but his weakness; and as ocessionally in their many quarrels he hai tuaned upon her and defied her, she could not mike sure tf a triumph, nor revel It the anticipation of wealth, with position, a coron-t, the Glendower diamond., and a seat anmen the proud peeresses of the realm, un'il she had met her reluctant lover at the midnight rendezvous she had given him on the recond night from that which she pas ed altercatve' y pacing up and down her room, and toorino about fevered and anxioun upon that sleepless couch which a bad conscience and a bound less ambition always espeads for those who senrifiee every pr'no:ple and feeling to their own evil dosires and advancement in lfe. 'Am I to be the Countess of Glendower, weal by, courted, envied, or am I to con tinue Vaneosa Deville, the despised com panion; and are all these plots and aches. ,nge to make no difference in my fate, nave that In my dreams I am for tevr to bear the infant's shriek and the mother,' wail? But no, no I It cat not be that I shall live to see myself defra'ed and outwitted by such a man as Sedley Douglas.' CHAPTER VIII. The saltan returned to Constoatinople after two montlta' absence, during which time he had received fr'q'teot tidings of Ethrl.] I Her illners had been long and severe ; ht h(r eoovoleeeeco was rap:d, and long befere his retera she was re stored to perfect health. Shehed during the soltan's asence made considerilalo progress in the Turkish lan. guage. The ladies of the seraglio took a pleasure in teaching her their soft, musical words; and from them she had learnt to play on an ins'roment much In fashion among them, and not unlike a gaitar in eshpn and a ond. Ethel had a splendid voice and a perfect ear, and it was a great delight to her to be able to accompany herself while singing the exqn't'et male. dies of Ireland, tco'land, and her native Wales. Ethel had thought much and suff red much in her mind and conscience dring the long, aleepless night*.'f illness and paln,and the lisless days of eoava!eseene. At one time she had tilt convinced that she was about to die, aend at that thought all the sins of her life rose in array against her, and the msEt territle and threatening of them all was that she had committed in substituting the little Wilhelmina Ceunters of Glendower for the dead body of Biddy Roche's child, thus defrauding the infant confided to her cars and nourtlsed at her bosom of all thres advantages of rank and wealth which were its birthright, and dooming it to a life of abject poverty, hard laboar, and actual want. While terrors of death and of the Day of Juadment overwhelmed her so that bher bed shook under her trembling, wasted frame, she resolved, if she were spared to rise from 'that sick bed, to Jo her best to atone for the injury she nad done to the widowed couantes and her infant,. She had made a little leathebrr bag fot the paper bridget Boche and herselt had signed, and abe had stitcbhed it into the bosom of her stays. She resolved, it she recovered, to know no rest until abshe had contrived some means of conveying that a'l-importont document to the widowed onotesp. But when the dark angel passed away, when from the black waters of eternity that seemed about to engulftt her she drifted back to the sunny shores of life, Ethel songht in vain for the Im. portent document. The stays were there, but the little leather bag containing.the all important agreement was gone. All inquirtes proved froi.less, and Ethel knew that without this convincing, in. disputable proof, her stary would be lookted upon as the wild efusion of a brjin weak. ened by recent severe illnees. With returning bealth, as with a certain black gentleman who when ill would be come a monk, Ethel hushed her eonsoieoce to rest with regard to the infant coon. tees, and with the buoyancy of youth, and the coquety and love of ease and luxuOry peculiar to her, resolved to beguile the time she did not spend in the study of the Turkish language as lthe women around her did, by protracted hathing, dreseing, lo0ngiog, leeping, smoklioag scented oigarestns, anoisolag, perfaming, adorning herself with gems, platting her long. rich golden traessoes, and eating all day long the costly and fregraut sweet. meats of the EatL (TO II FOTIl3PU e) 