THE BIOGRAPHER. AN OLD TIME JOURNALIST. Mr. E. L. Hlanchard was best known to this goncration as a writer of innumerable panto mimes. For years boyond count by most of us, his name in tho playbill of Drury-lano was one of tho most regularly recurring signs of tho Christmas season. Ho was thus a professor of folk lore in his way, and lie gave his knowledge to tho world in tho form that rendered it extremely attractive to children of every growth. Ho had charged the old myths in his time with a number of modorn topical allusions, but ho had oxcellont warrant for it in tho oustoms of our ancestors. Tho only difference is that their accretions wore a natural growth, wliilo his sug gested a foroing proooss. Like llobortson ho was born to tho art of the stage. Tkero never was a timo in his lifo when bis energies, or at nny rnto bis bopos, woro hot fixed on tho footlights. IV lio li he was not behind the scones to superin tend tho production of one of his pieces, he was in front as oritio of tho pieces of others. Add to this that his pen was aotivo in other depart ments of literature, and in journalism, and wo havo ovory indication of a busy lifo. It was a long lifo as woli as a busy ono, and in tho oourso of it Blnnohard met a great number of tho famous persons of his timo. His oareor was quito as romantic as any of his works. Outwardly ho soomcd only the easy going suocossful man of letter.!, yet in the secrot oliambcrs both of his houso and of his heart he had many sorrows. The diaries havo revealed them, and but for tho diaries nothing might ovor havo boon known of the heroism with whioh ho boro the troubles of his lot. In early lifo he was very poor, and as ho began to riso from that oondition liis relations, who had yotto rise, found him out. Ho acted as Bruce's spiilor to a whole family, and as fast as they destroyed his homo or theirs, ho had to build it up again. A change for tho bettor camo at last. It camo in a way as touching os anything to ho found in his happiest inventions in fiction. Ho had lovod anil ho had lost ; tho lost one had wandered nway to Now Zealand ; and liau con trived to get laid low with illnes3 in a lonely hut. The hut was papered with old journals, and tho patient ono day, turning her face to the wall for a moment's relief from pain,( read thereon a passionate appeal to her to ' como back," which was signed E.L.B. Sho camo back, liko a sensibloaud a compassionato woman. They woro married and thoy livod happily ovor after. This was tlio " beloved Carina 'of many a touching allusion in his recently published diaries. , ,, , , ... Blanohard was ono of the last of the Bohemians. To nil who knew him it would ue needless to say in wlint a perfectly respectful and appreciative sense tho term is used. Ho was an Arundel and an Urban club man, m days when the Arundel especially was tho great on niglit, or at any rate half the night, rendezvous I of tho critics. There are no Buoh meetings now. It is not necessary to moralise on this, cither in rejoicing or in regret ; it is enough to note tho fact. Tho habits of tho ncwor generation of writers of repute havo completely changed. They live at Bayswatcr, and they drivo straight homo to their families after they havo dono thoir work. If it 13 a club, it is tho mild dissipation of some institution at tho West End, whore tho wnitora drew for diunor in thoir own fashion liko everybody else. They have lost something, and they have gained something — the old mad nights of quip and crank and brilliant Btory telling are among tho things lost. Blanohard was a capital atovy teller, nnd ou great ocoasions at tho Urban lie would entertain tho room by tho hour with his skill in narrative or anecdote. Ho had one story which was of a travelling company of pantomimists, probably bis father's, who wont out to New Orleans years and years ago, and who " struck " an attack of yellow fever. Tho clown died of it, and was buried there and then in his stage dross and stoge paiut. Tho dolirious harlequin rushed off into tho wilderness, and was at last driven by cold and hunger to an Indian camp fire. Ho was in his stage dress, and, as a dcspcrato resource, lie struck his stage attitudebeforc tho astonished braves, and then paused to learn his fate. It might havo boon tho stroko of a tomahawk; happily it was a grunt of applause. Thoy thought the extraordinary being before tliem was a groat mcdioiuc man, and thoy entertained him accordingly. A few years later, Blanohard and another writer, named Smith for purposes of disguise, woro employed on n weokly paper. Ou ono Saturday evening tho two contributors called for their modest wage, but tho proprietor, on the pica that "money was tight," gave Smith a half- sovereign and Blanohard a promiso to pay in a day or two. Smith eagerly grasped at the coin, put it iu his pocket, and dopnrtcd with Blanohard in senroli of the half-nnd-half ; but after a very short distanco ho was observed apparently fol lowing some object down the leg of his trousers, and then stopping short, said, 'Hero's a nico go; I have got a hale in my pocket, and tho half- sovereign has gone into iny boot.' "Hero wns a catastrophe! Blnnohard sug gested that thoy should go round to Exeter- strcot, at tho back of the Lyceum Theatre, which was thon a quiet but disreputable street, and that Smith should take his boot off. "This was proceeded with, but just as he had extricated his foot from tho Wellington boot, tho coin was seen for a moment, no doubt from the heat of tiio wcathor, adhering to his stock ing, and in an instant dropped off, and rolled down a grating in front of a vory shady looking coffeo houso. Smith wcut into tho shop, and explained to a dirty looking woman what had happened, but this lady, instead of assisting him, called out to hor lodgers, ' Hero's a lark ! a bloko has dropped half a quill down tho airy I' And instantly, to the disgust of Blanohard and Smith, many dirty hands wore seen groping amidst tho rubbish boncnth tho grating. At Inst 0110 of thom fastened ou to something, tho hands woro withdrawn, and presently a woman camo rushing out of tho house ; sho was at once col- lard by Smith and admitted having the aoin, but said sba should not 'part' unless be accompanied her to tier relatives in Wostmimtcr, where she was thon going. "Suffering from tho pangs of impeouniosity, lie accepted this altornative. And here he must take up tho narrative, as Blanohard would not pursuo tho adventuro nny farther. "On arriving at a low houso in Westminster, thoy wore admitted into a passage dimly lighted by an oil lamp ; tho lady produced the fatod coin, and gave it a spin in tho air 'for luok,' but as she did so it slipped, and disappeared botwoon tlio interstices of tlio hoards. Hero was another dilemma! A man was called, who promptly wrenched up tho floor, and the coin was dis covered amidst tho dust. He was then de spatched with it to tho nearest 'publio' to pur chase a gallon of boor. "In a short timo this individual returned full of strange oaths, and with tho information that tho supposed half-sovereign was a bad sixpenoe; and sucli was the indignation aroused that Smith was glad to escape with a wholo skin." Journalism wns not so well paid a pro fession in the forties as it is to-day. From ono nowspapor, however, he did manage to squeeze a salary of 15s. por week; whioh the manager admitted was small, but of which he was vory proud because it was "so regular." Ho wrote dramas at tho rato of 10s. per act; aiid ho contributed paragraphs to papers nt a time when parogrnph writing was not a particularly Iucrntivo occupa tion. His diary is full of references to liiB ro- ooipts for copy. "Urafor memoir pnys £1;" "From Era 10s. 6d. for Ilomble memoir;" "Go to Era office, £1 5s. for contributions; "Sunday Times £5" — thoso and similar entries aro to bo found on almost every page. The following story shows the diio Btraits to whioh he and his friends wore nt timos reduced. Bostock, it should bo promised, was a small publisher who had commissioned Blnnohard to writo a novel nbout Goorgo Barnwell : — "On n certain Saturday Bostook entered the room in which tho author .was hard at work, and with n rueful expression of countenance snid, ' I nm going to take a groat liberty, hut could you lend mo a little monoy ? I only want a pound. My papor merchant wants something on accouut, and until I pay a triflo he won't send mo a ghost of a quire. Tho historian of Barnwell's perfidious doings informed Mr. Bostook that ho .was 'stumped.' 'Havo meroy on me, Mr. Blonchnrd I You don't know, tlio straits of mercantilo men. You'ro at work in your shirt sleeves ; lot mo havo your coat nnd waistcoat to raise a few shillings on thom. Sparks will soon oloso his warehouse, and if I don't work to-morrow wo can't got tho novel out next week, and I havo no papor at all. Your things can be taken out a little after 6, as my hoy, Ezokiel, is going to bring home some money.' Tho author took off his waistcoat, and thon Bostock hastily romnrked, ' I am ashamed to mojro such a request, as you are so kind and affable, but could I beg your boots, too? IVitli an illustrated Bible upstairs, and your things I can easily got tlio sovereign.' 'Havo you a pair of slippers?' ' No, but there's an old rug in tho next room.' ' Can't you rest your feet on that ? I'll havo everything outat tho timo I've named.' ' Well, don't spoil tho ship for aha'porlh of tar,' laugh ingly exclaimed the author. 'Mind, boots, waistcoat and coat by a 6.15, as I hove to get up to tlio Yorkshire Stiugo to hoar Bob Glindon and Kitty Tunsfall sing.' Bostook went away, and some timo elapsed boforolie again appeared. His demeanor was miscrablo in the extreme on ro-ontoring the room. 'Boon a long time, Mr. Bostook. How havo you got ou?' 'Awful, sir; everything seems to go wrong. Sparks took tho sovoroign whioh I raised, but won't send nny paper. Ezokiel lias been disap pointed, and Ira without n shilling. Is tlioro anybody you know that would advance n trifle ? I'll go with pleasure, I want a trillo so bad.' 'Mr. Bostock, Ictus havo no trifling. Go nnd get somo monoy and lot mo havo my clothes.' ' I could if I had 5s. Things are awful to con template. If Sparks had sent tlio paper some of it might have gone for work. Thoro's a man would lend me half a sovereign if I paid him back a crown I'm in his debt. Ho lives in Ncw- castle-strcot. As a last resource, Mr. Blanohard, will you let mo havo your ttouscra for an hour? Not longer. A crown will set me free till Ezokiel comes back from Cripplogato, whore he's gono for Ave pounds. Let mo havo the trousers for an hour.' 'Do you think that lam going to bo played with any longer? My difficulties liavo always boon groat, but I'm not going to fight this ridioulous situation in a stato of semi- nudity. Go out and got reliof somehow.' The hours rolled on, but no Bostock appeared, and the end of tlio mattor wns that Blanohard had to pass tho hot night in tho printer's stuffy little office." Yet, in spito of his poverty, Blnnclinrd was always oharitnblo. As wo have scon, ho sup ported his mother and family, ho subscribed to charities, nnd I10 was ovor ready to help a lame dog over tlio stile. Occasionally his charity o'er ronched itsolf : — "E. L. B. used to tell with groat gusto a story of au American, to whom bo acted tho hospitable cicorone throughout ono day, engag ing a cab to drive about in and show him as much of London as could bo Boon in tlio timo, lunohing and refreshing him entirely at E.L.B.'s expense. The American lind to return to Southampton that night, and so thoy had to cross Wntc-rloo-bridgo, whioh was not thon free. E.L.B. put his hand in his pocket for the toll, when the American stopped him, saying, ' No, sir, allow mo ; you havo boon bearing tho costs all day, it's my turn now,' and magnanimously paid tho penny." Ho was of course an accomplished raconteur, and know how to uso his gift in this respect to advantage : — "E.L.B. had a great deal of quiotfun in him, and when anyone romnnccd in his prcscnoo would often cap his story with something moro marvellous, On ono occasion someone in tho company was descanting on the wonderful instinct of dogs, nnd cited somo ultra- Munohnuscn instanoe. E. L. B. appeared thoroughly to accopt the story, and then related one of a dog with which ho was intimatoly acquainted. He was a mongrel terrier of disroputaklo appearance, but of very knowing air. This canino critic ho invariably noticed every Friday -scanning tho bills of Sadlor's lYolls (it was during Phelps's rlgime) and noting what was set: down for tho next night's performance. If it woro satisfactory tho dog used to wag his vory long tail ; if ho dis approved ho turned away, expressing his contempt. Oni tho Saturday evening whon so minded the dog used to oontrivo to slip by ..the money and ciicok takers and sooure a position near, the front row of the pit. Ab the play wont 011, if Toby wore satisfied tho tapping of his ' caudal, appendage on the floor could bo distinctly hoard ; a very finely delivered passago would elicit a, low whino of pleasure ; at. tlio sallies of a Shakspbrian down he would grin ; but should an actor tear his passion to tatters Toby's resentment and anger would be expressed by a deep and savage growl. Strange to say that Munolmuscn gentleman would scarcely accept E. L. B. 's story as a truthful one." It would hardly be going too far to say that Blancliard's lifo before his marriage witii Carina was uniformly sad. ' ' 1858, 14th January, " ho writes, "homoall day on Man About Town, and sit up till 3 a.m. to finish it. Tho wasted hours, tlio wasted hopes, warring against, but pressed cruelly hard, yet submissively stoical and -shockingly sensitive witlial. Bead Emerson, and resolutions strengthened." It was Carina who brought sunshino into his gloomy life. " Thus comes to a close a mast eventful year " ho writes on tho 31st Decem ber, 1873, " promising of happiness for the next I hardly dared over to hope. For all tho bless ings I havo received I trust I have boon duly thankful. Thank God for all !" Blanohard resigned his post on the Daily Telcyraph in 1887 ; wroto his last pantomimo in 1888 ; and died in 1889. Aro no ouch lives lived now, or liavo we grown too affected to talk about thom in this honest and simple way? — Daily News. 