Fourth Page. — The following additiona reading matter will be found in the fourth page:—Mining News and Notes, City Coun- cil, City Police Court, Letter to the Editor, Country Piro Brigades’ Board. ,, , To-day’s Evknu’r,— Col I maun and Taolu Company half-yearly, meeting (Hanker), 11.4,6 a.m.: entries close Elmore Sports; Australian Blonain performs Xjyttleton Torrace, 8 p.m. - Our Supplement to-day contains a con-' tinuation of tho original story, “Tho Devil's Own,” and “Sir John’s Secret,” “ At the Beehive” (by “Mosquito"), Sporting Notes, (by “Goo-«o”), Ladies’ Cokrinn, and A variety of miscellaneous mailer. , RbwoioUs Services will bu hold tomorrow os advertised! ; Forfeited Shares in tho Virginia and Specimen Hill Tribute, Garibaldi, '-Duchess Tribute, Haswoll Coal, Hustler’s Reef Re serve No. 2, Princess Alexandra, Phamix and Eilonborough will bo sold this afternoon. A Solemn Mketino,— The second annIvor nary of tho Golden Sqrioro Women's Proyor Union was celebrated on Thursday by an *“nll day of prayer,"'. Throughout tho day the mootings wore presided over by tho Rev. Messrs. McLaren, Scholos, and Bridgwood, who, witli tho Rev. Mr. Lowe, Major Spratt, Captain Cuisbrook, Mr, Darkness, and Mr. J. Spargo,' gave addresses. Tho meetings wore very solemn. Tho subject chiefly discussed was tho baptism • of tho Holy Ghost. Miss Aitlccn presided nil day at tho organ. Tho annual report of the union was ns follows;—“ Wo havo abundant causo to thank God for the privilege of our weekly prayer mooting. Often wo have been* refreshed in our wilderness journey by the presence of Jesus; our ox|)cricneo is more enlarged. ‘They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.’ This year \vo thought it advisable to celebrate our second anniversary by an ‘all day. of prayer,’ We have endeavored in our humblo way to assist in a practical way some who wore in nood. Our attendance lias averaged, for 11 months, 410\. Our inoomo has boon £4 8s 7d, and our expenditure £3 11s 6d. . Friendly Societies’ Dispensary.-— Tho monthly meeting of the committee was hold last evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Campbell Houston presided. Tho quarterly balance-sheet was presented by the treasurer, and showed tho receipts ' to be £728 8s lid, and tho expenditure £643 7a lid, while the balance to credit amounted to £668 8s 9d. Some matters of no public impor tance wore transacted, and the board ad journed. ;,Tue Weather. —Mr. W. M. Waddell’s in struments gave the following readings yesterday:—Thermometer: 9 a.m., 64; 12 noon, 76; 3 p.m., 81; 6 p.m., 72, maximum 81; min., 48. Barometer; 9 a.m., 29,79; 6 p.m., 29.76. Fish appear to bo plentiful in tho Catn paspe this season. A party of fishermen from Rochester a few days ago mode a splendid haul of fish near the township. Over 1001b weight was caught, tho . largest .fish scaling lOlbs. They comprised cod, golden perch and bream, Haywood, —Our local correspondent writes ; —-Wc -are again having a spell of warm weather, after n couple of weeks of cold and showers. Tho rains have done an immense 1 deal of good to tho erops, more especially the late ones, bub more is needed in order to ensure a fair harvest, as no matter how favorable it may bo from this out, tho crops must bo lighter than lost year. I am sorry to say that wild oata arc too plentiful, even the fallowed ground being very bod with them this year.—A number of our residents have been laid up with tho prevailing epidemic,but I am glad to say that so far thoro have been no fatal cases.—Snakes are beginning to show themselves. Constable Dungey who has lately taken charge of our police station, in place of Constable Foley, who has gone to Serpentine, killed a largo ono in his bed room, and a gentleman coming in from Kamarooka drovo over ono yesterday evening. So people should bo careful whilst walking through tho paddocks. The annual report of the Publio Service Board, which was presented to Parliament yesterday, shows that in December last tbord wore, exclusive pt State school teachers, 6968 officers in tho public service. With teachers added, the civil service list gives a total of 10,688 persons. There ore also 15,0C0 in tho service of the Railway Commissioners. Loyal Jamf.s Rob Lodge, M.U.—The* fortnightly mooting was hold at tho Beehive Exchange on Tuesday evening, Bro. Rodway, N.Q., in tho chair. The doctor’s report, dec larations on and off the funds and other cor respondence wore dealt with. £2 .was voted to a brother. Seven members were-initiated, and four proposed. Bro. Congdon moved a special vote of thanks to tho district offfcbrs for their attendance during tho evening, arid also visiting brethren from other lodges. Bro, S. Johns, Prov., G.M., J. Trcgoar, D:P.G!M., nnd 8. H. C.S., lho‘ officers of. tho district, suitably responded- Bro. M’Gowan made reference to the great number of young men (Australian Natives) now join-, ing this order, and urged the members to still further increase the momborsbiu. Bro. J. Sternberg, G. Cocking, . J. Ybulacn nnd E. Valentine responded on behalf of their, respoc lodges. The cash received for tho evening was £62 10s. Beholding the Officers. —At! tho meet-, ing of the finance committee of tho'City Council yesterday,the .town clerk stated he hod written to Mr. C. Wood, the late lessee,of the City Baths, for an explanation with reference to tho surveyor’s statement that ,ho had inter fered with’ and stopped tho \york of etc., at tho baths. In reply, Mr. Woods denied that fie told the men to leave.tho work,: and explained why ho objected to the work. Ho stated'that a sub-committee’ who visited the baths, oeqjded upon certain' repairs with comen|,ii)g at ibo 9?do of lh(f tank. Instead of, cement, asphaUp \yag .substituted,, and ho.ob jected 10' it! Tbo surveyor statoq that he put. down osphalto with special drainage facilities 1 as the best moans of getting over a difficulty.,. Some asphulto that had, been laid dpwp bad been torn up and thrown into tho tank. Cr. Bailc.3 considered that as Mr. Wood bad stated distinctly ho had npt fltoppod the work they should accept bis deferred tondpr forthe baths. Ho moved to that effect. Tho surveyor remarked that Mr. Cousidinc, who was in charge'of the work, had informed- him thdfc Mr. Wood liad stopped tho -work. ''Cr.‘' Caro- Unsaid that though ho mlght’iiaye differences with the officers, Tic believed' 7 iri their being upheld at any price. Cr, Harknofa pointed out that ns Mr. Wood was lessee at the time bo was responsible for (lie asphaHe being thrown into the tank, At Cr. Carolines re quest, Cr, Bailes Ujon agreed to embody in his notion that the.council deeply resorifc the interference of Mr. Wood with the offic rs of tho council, and that ho bo notified that if a repetition of such conduct occurs, tho coun cil will cancel his contract, Cr. Hoskins con-’ sidered that they should have an ample apology froui Mr, Wood in order to uphold the dignity of tho council. Ho moved to t wt oYfcet, and Cr. Rbedor seconded it This cOvirse agreed to, Cr. Bailes .being, the. only objector to .ft ,’Qr. Ellis suggested that, they might be able. to vvCilf - bath? to. hjetjer adygntago, and Cr- Darkness eorii!/. ore d that ’ Mr, Wflofi should ho disqualified'from tendering if the apology were not forthcoming. C«v Bailes, however, jfointod out that they 1 possessed'ho power to’ do thar/ as fie lfad properly carried 1 out the conditions of Utat contract with the council,. . fA. SATISFACTORY: EXPLANATION. —A good• deal of conversation tcoV place iii tho oity and town on/Thursday, ofternoon (remarks tho : Ballarat Courier) at tho abrupt withdrawal of tho flags at tha City and >; Ballarat fl.ro bri gades, which had been flying at half-mast a ■few minptos pvevjpjjsly. 4hb' fritter being inquired into it was stated .that tho- station*, keeper at the City brigado, 'bad I’dpJwyJjd'inti mation of the death of a member of. fb® bri? gtule. ind lie immediately hoisted tho flag on tho to ver at half-mast, and oxprcisod a.desiro to thj Ballarat station-keeper to do likewise. —a request which was ingtantjy complied with. Towards the• aftbrnoomtha Cify<statibn-r, Itpeper was going to the' rcsiderioo of! tho de-> ceased tb make f>Uo necessary; 'funeral anange raontc, when he saw Uip perscri.' / 'waR suppe sed to have been dead, commg v Rewards : him. Both of thorn talked the matt»£‘o > s’6r, and, after being-«at)sflod;thafeHie ,member mil'; not dead, but alive, and. in gobd liealtb,; the flags wi re ordorod to!bo ( takoa down.-; j; :! ■,, \- The Stratford Mvrdeb.— At ;tho ,8alo Supreme Court on Thursday, betore Mr. Jus-; tico i&djrajF;, John • Ross, was chatged/iwitU : mardbriW J dim' Frietag, .of,. Woodlands,->iicar ; Sfratford, on the 2ptfi Augusit' ® dmpaimoljod .to- ray •whothpr,. kqbb) sumSiofft inenM capacity; to CroVto‘ prosecutbr caffbd Dr.;SHieiusjQqyern mepp j^pdiM^ ; and sajd, bp.wpuid ask same question as.In Coistou’a ca80, l)r. Sliiolds»Ba{d Ross' throe', limes on Wednesday, diid onou on Thui'aday .rndrn ing. • ,On touch Ibid, made no 'ex . Jin pjjfis ppinioj) !tprisop6F waHlApt of intoltoob-to comprehend tho courfitoJ.hC the. was not in' ft ctondftioirto jnalw a proper 1 de fenoo; ho > fit state of, mind to clmllengo tho jurymOn he might wish to obr jcoD to; and ho wfts not hi 0.’ statd' to ndfei stand lho details.pf i tlni trial. Dr. ; Shields Jitul iimdO inquh’ios dg to pasi'hiatory,'- and has SfttiHfled'himnolf (hat Rohb must have been insane before ho. committed ' the’ murder.' The unfortunate Fidqtag ashed to send Ross to an asylum 'but out of -consldotation said ho wouhl look ftftor him himself. His Honor addressed tho jury, and referring to Dr, Shield’s evidence, tola them on that they would And Ross was insane at tho present time, and they might find that without leaving tho hox. Tho jury accordingly declared tho .prisoner insane. His Honor directed that tho finding should bo recorded, and the prisoner kept in strict custody during tho pleasure of ho Executive Council. The prisoner was then removed. ’ Tint Castlemaino Borough Council by a majority of 4 to 3 refused to petition tho Legislative Council’against tho “one man, ono vote. Does this moan that tho Hon. J. 15. Patterson, who is nt present a warm exponent of tho “ono man two votes,” is gottiug out o touch with tho local authorities. Mr, Alexander Muiuurad, slaughterman of Castlomainc, also tho owner uf c 2090 acres, of land near Alitiamo is dead. Ho was a colonist since 1852. .< The special meeting of the Golden-square Fire Brigade to have been hold last evening in connection'with Alio proposed' rogistratijju of.. u»e brigade was - postponed for a week owing to the captain (Mr. Ilouutou), and other offi cers nnd members' being laid up! with in fluenza. ' - Obituary.—The death is announced of Mrs,'ll i*.,'Saunders, of McKonzid at, Gol den -Square, who was a teacher at the Wes leyan Sunday* School for years' past. Tho scholars, teachers’, and friends are requested to attend the funeral to-day. . Upsetting .a Coppke Stall.—Lost night about 12 o’clock the dog and . goat inspector (Mr. A, Randall) and-a young man- of .respect able appearance named Arthur ■ Swanwick happened to moot at a colfoo stall in Market square kept by Mr, J. Murray. A dispute ( arose between Randall and Swanwick, and. in tho scuffle the coffee stall was upset,, breaking several cups and saucers. Constabo Culffe , appeared on tho scene, and Randall gave Swanwick iii charge for assaulting hi.m. Tbo coffee stall keeper hardly knows which ono to sue for the damage, hut if one -does not pay him he will summon them both. The No, 2 Railway Committee (Messrs. H. Gore, Anderson, Tavqrnor nnd Young), passed through • Sandhurst' yesterday for Echuon, with "the intention of visiting the Torrumbarry district. . They will return to night. Deaths in tub Hospital,— John Maloney, aged 48, admitted. on tho 19th inst.', died yesterday: from pneumonia; also Edward Gibson, aged 63,- admitted oh the 20th inst, from tbo same cause. This makes four deaths in the hospital fa two days from, pneumonia. . / , , , . Bendigo Democratic Debating Clud.— A meeting of members was hold last* evening at the. Temperance . Hall, Mr. C, Paton in ; tho chair. The subject for discussion was’ the rival political associations, the progressive political leagues and the national- Teagues. Mr. Gordon opened the debate with a lengthy speech, in which ho supported tho National Association and denounced tho objects of tho Progressive Political League as selfish and extravagant. Mr. Hamilton opposed Mr. Gordon, and gave it as his opinion that tho National Association was simply formed by capitalists to injure tho working classes. Messrs. Sampson and Ovvon , supported Miv Gordon’s, views, and Messrs. C. do- C, Williams and Carter took tho other side, ’ Tins Proposed Refrigerator,—At the meeting of the committee of .the whole coun cil yesterday afternoon, to consider the report’ of tho otty surveyor with reference to a re frigerator to be erected in tho retail market 'buildings, it was reported that ope to cool 20,000 cubic foot of space would cost £2775. This was tho estimate of Messrs. Humblo and Nicholson,- of Geelong. Cr. O’Neill, who initiated the matter, spoke of tho groat im portance of having refrigerating works, and said that tho public would gam largely by it. It would enable them to havo cheap daiiy-produce in mid-sarninor, and also havo meat and other things stored. Butler from tho surrounding districts was sent to Mel bourne when cheap, stored in cooling cham bers, and returned here for sale at treble the price when tho market rose. Tho butchers wanted refrigerating rooms very badly in summer. They could storo enough dairy pro duce hero to servo the whole district. Ho moved that the council, when preparing tho estimates, consider tho advisability of starling a refrigerating works on a smaller scale with £1000. Cr. Carolin seconded tho motion pro forma, but contended that they could not legally vote money for such a purpose. He heartily approved of tho establishment df a' refrigerator, but thought it a matter for pri vate enterprise. They could lot the build ing to persons willing to erect . the ma chinery on conditions to bo arranged. Tho council could not trade, and therefore their hands wore tied. Cr. Hoskins did not see how they could spore £1000, and they could not think of borrowing it after tho burden that bad been placed on them by tho other loan. Cr. Bailes said that the Amend ing Local Government Act, which would bo passed most probably before Christmas, would enable them, to lease property for such a purpose. Cr. Ellis (bought it a-matter for private enterprise, and said that ho believed a refrigerator would soon bo started hero. Ho was willing to join with other gentlemen in introducing ono. (Hoar, hear.)' The motion was then withdrawn; but’Cr; O’Neill was thanked for having brought the matter forward. Mrs. Harrison Lee, of Melbourne, will conduct a meeting on Sunday evening in the Masonic Hall, at half-past eight,; when she will deliver an address upon tho local option question. Tfic local option, party .expect a brbwded!'house, arid* it will bo well for all who take' an interest in tho movement to hoar Mrs. Lee. On Monday afternoon, at 3, a meeting for ladies only will be held in the Temperance Hall. Christmas Cards of a now,kind,are being issued by . Messrs., MqDougall and Lemon, stationers,- of. Melbourne. They are neatly executed photographs- of the principal build ings in Sandhurst,’ Ballarat,'eta, and upon each of - them the usual Christmas greetings are appended. *' _ , Rich Gold in the Garfield Mine. —The Castlemaino, Leader’ sayjj, thot a , rioh 'flnd of gold jm been made in the GayfloVd Go.’s mine at Chcwton by a party of tributors (Orchard and ..Aye others.) , It in op t)}0 same run which was’ profitable under the company’s workings; - The- gold Is jn a nil ■ leader, averaging about Sin in thickness, and trending, squth. They, have raised ; about fifty 10115, wljiqli js now .jbcing crushed, and will certainly gjyc £ gopfi yield when they wash up,to-dny. As to'what, it tfill yjolij, of 1 course any estimate; would-bo pare conjec ture. Some idea, however, may bo gained when it is mentioned that in about a‘ hun dred weight of specimens picked out of tho (Stuff, thoro cannot lyp* logs thftn SOoz p. rough gold in pieces hanging froin ' a few -pennyweights to over ai ounce' id'weight.' 