LEONARD LINDSAY; OB THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. AXGUS B. BEACH. CHAPTER XXVI.— (Cootctoed). *' Suddenly the witch stopped, and shaded 'back from her eyes her long flowing hair, gazing intently at the sky. in the next moment, a flaw of lightning- — so height that every one on board the galley, except the sorceress, was dazzled and blinded by the . glace — tore out of the dark heavens ; struck tie main topmast of the galley ; and with, a crash, like that of all the artillery in the world fired ofl: in one salyo, passed gleaming down, the wood, shaking the ship as though she had been lifted a hundred feet, and then allowed to fall splash into the sea. The explosion was followed by a thick \- Sulphurous smoke, which seemed to come «*«M'mTig up out of the inmost recesses of the galley, and while the crew, blinded and almost choking in the yellow sulphurous fame, were groping- about the deck, they beard the loud screaming laughter of the ?witch, followed by the croak of the ravens from the cabin. 'At length the smoke or mist gradually cleared away, and as it did bo, and the men recovered their eyesight, they saw Tronda standing as usual on the poop, with her old aspect of haughty command. Her first words, comrades, were — .''Ring that carrion into the sea, and take warning by the fate of Torquil Randa how you dispute the will of such as I.' ' So the sailors advanced, all trembling, to the foot of the mainmast, where lay the body of the man of whom the witch spoke. He had been struck by the lightning, com rades, but there was neither scaitb. nor scar upon his flesh, only on the forehead a small round blue spot. So the mariners lifted up the body, and while it was yet warm plunged it over the side. It sunk feet first, and as the head disappeared, the crew thought that the dead face frowned. 'That night Trouda sat alone in her cabin, beneath the bronze lamp, as she had done when her victim entered. The crystal lay upon the table as before. All at once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into the bronze, so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and the two ravens flutterad and croaked. Tronda lifted up her head, and her livid face became as the face of a statue carved out of blue and grey marble, for be fore her, standing as he had already done that day, was the form of Torquil Kanda, with the blue spot upon his forehead where the .lightning- had struck it. ' There was silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke. ' ' I am sent from the dead,' it said, ' to give you a last warning.' ' ♦ Return to those who sent you,' answered the witch ; ' I take no warnings/ '♦I am bid to tell you,' said the spirit, 'that the measure of your iniquities is nearly fulL' *? The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. ' 'I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or flesh,' she replied. * Get you gone, or I will call up the spectres of the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth.' ' The figure of Torquil Ramla gave a sad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crystal, which immediately crumbled into black dust. 'The powers which are given to me,' said the spirit, 'are greater than yours.' ** Tronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. ' * There will be given yon one last oppor tunity,* the apparition said. * 'Will you re pent?' ''No !' said the witch of Lapland. ' The figure of Torquil Randa grew less and less distinct, and as it disappeared, the flame of the lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled at Tronda's feet, flew back to their perches on her chair. ^ 'Th* next day, the galley meanwhile lying not far from Cape Tiberoon, in Tfis pmiola, there came on board, in a small canoe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship mates, to have hardly life in her to climb up the low side of the galley. This girl was of a beauty rarely seen upon the earth, but those who looked upon the bright red spot in her white cheek, and the sickly flash of her black floating eyes, knew tiat there was hardly a month's life flickering in her bosom ; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch. ' ? Mother,' she said, ' I as dying fast, as yon can see. I have a lover, my betrothed. He is coming across the ocean to bid me fare well. Oh, that I might live to see him ! I Lave little gold, but what I have, grant him. a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before I die, and that I may give up my spirit in his arms.' ' So saying, the Spanish girl held forth a piece of gold the size of a walnut. Tronda bad opened her month, to speak, -when a third woman entered the cabin. She was a tall and haughty dame, and as she observed tbe dying1 girl a smile, like that of a fiend, passed over her face. Her cheeks flushed, and her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. The younger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing-, upon the floor. ' Then the elder spoke thus — '? ' I hate that woman. She is my rival. She has won from me the man I love. I would prevent their meeting1. She is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind -which will keep back bis ship, until she be no more.' '* With, that, shipmates, the woman laid upon the table a lump of virgin ore, as big as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still held out her smaller offering. Tronda stood be tween them musing-. At last, she took ?the large lump, and dropped it into the great chest! nil at her feet. ''You shall have a baffling -wind,' she said to the jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weep ing; the crew let her down with careful bands into her canoe. ' But at the moment when Tronda had made her decision, tbe sudden moan of a hollow sounding wind passed through the air, and tbe galley rocked and laboured, as though an invisible hand bad smote her. The witch remained long musing in the cabin, until, hearing the dash of oars, she rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and the whole crew, embarked in the boats, were pulling fast for -the land, while the horizon -was again clouded as it had been when tbe witch drew lightoing- from the heavens. Tronda mounted upon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithless erne, when her eye sud denly fell upon Torquil, standing as he had stood, beneath the mainmast when the levin bolt struck him. Then she forebore, and remained with drooping head, gazing into the sea below. But what was remark able, was, that when the whole crew of the galley left her at once, instead of rising, she sunk still deeper in the water : and as a heavy swell began to lift and heave around, the ship rolled and pitched with a strang-e sickly motion. 'Then came another portent. Tronda -still stood upon the poop, ^ when she started to hear a sudden pattering of feet, and a squeaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every iatchway a whole legion of rats — young ones and old — brown and grey — all of them making for the side of the vessel, and *3ien plunging with a loud shrill squeaking into the eea, which was speedily dotted with their little heads, all swimming merrily to land. When the last had leaped overboard, tine figure of Torquil Randa glided softly aft and confronted the witch. _ ' ' Bats,' quoth the figure, ' leave a sinking ship.' And, as he spoke, the galley appeared to float in the water more heavily and deeply than ever, while the swells rose in great rocking billows, and the moan of a coming wind hurtled over the sea. Still Tronda confronted the apparition with a lip -which never quiyere^T^fcid an eye which never bunked. ^.'T-'v. ~Cv «« « My aneestere,' said she, ? were oham ^fons and heroes ; one of them—Eric Westra — descended into the tomb of Siirismund, ihe sea long, and bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lamp- -which burns beneath, although it was guarded by monsters and potent spells. What artthou, then, that one in -whose veins runs the blood of such a hero, should tremble and quake before th.ee ?' But the apparition said — ** * I come from a power which is mightier than that of Odin and of Thor, and I am commissioned to pronounce to thee the doom thou shalt undergo as a punishment for thy -wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' ' At that there rose a mighty wind, and the galley started away before it. In vain Tronda bade the elements to cease their strue — in vain ene knelt upon the poop, and, -with her drenched hair all streaminar in the tempest, sungher magic rhymes, and screamed out her most potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves rose, nnheedf ul of her spells, and so at last she started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice — ' 'Alas ! alas ! my power is gone from me, and the elements obey me no more !' ' At these words there was a flatter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soared up into the tempest- tossed air, wheel ing round and round the rocking- masts of the labouring ship. ' ' And you too,' said Tronda, looking up at them, ' leave me V 'The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than the foul birds darted off, each his separate way, and were speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its fury. Had it been a barque manned by mortals, tbegalley -would not have lived an hour in that sea: but enchantment kept it afloat until it had finished its destined course. For some space the Lap land witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were the only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew intense pale flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes and sails as mariners in a gale. These shapes, comrades, -were thespirits of the seamen whom. Tronda by her incanta tions had drowned. But still the witch stood Greet and fearless through all this tumult of horror, lifting- np her unabashed forehead to the gale, and flashing all around her wild grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. ' At length, comrades, in the thick Df the roaring tornado, with all the gibbering ghosts dimly seen flitting an the deck amid the flying spray and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church bell, 'Land.' ' At this the spectre of the Norse mariner iurned to Tronda, and said — ' ? Now hear your doom. I^rom this time forth you will haunt the cape on which ive are driving; and there you mil have Dower over the winds which blow. Tour jvil nature, which is as a mighty devil within pou, will ever impel you to retard rather than so advance the course of mariners ; but yet, tor every moment of time a ship is hindered an her course, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to con ceive. And this shall last even to the day when the 86a shall give up its dead.' 'iia moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige if her, or of her precious carjo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, were ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid watches, the mariner has caught a glimpse of tier pale face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the storm, with her arms tossed above her head, as though she were still singing the chaunt which raised wind and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her ; but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, clinging to the end of the bowsprit furling a split sail, beheld the ancient faco n£ the hag, with her grey fishy eyes looking into his own, and who came near letting go hold of the spar in his fright and tumbling into the boiling sea below. But he managed to make his way, all pale and shaking, on board tbe ship, where be told what he bad witnessed ; and certain old men Df the crew said it was a most evil omen, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who Baw the appearance would be drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to tbe ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself ; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of the main cabin. ' ' What is this, I hear, men,' says he, — that one of you has been frightened by a demon ? ' * It was the devil, Sir Francis !' said the Bailor, by name James Gilbert. '* ? And what if it were ? ' quoth the admiral. ' He is but a coward. If he shows his face to yon again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.' 'Bat for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right. Before the ship had made Porto Bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert was flung from the lee foretop-sail yard-arm into the sea. After [ tbe first plunge, he never came to j the surface, and the old sailors knew that what had happened -was in consequence j of his having seen the demon who naunts Point Morant.' - CHAPTER XXVII. ?what happens aboaed the sattcy susas — axd the estdixg of heb xsd her cbew. Three days after -we boarded the Saucy Susan, I was the look-out man durinsr a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, the 6ea high, and -we -were plunging rapidly along- ; the sails straining and surging-, and the 'masts and rigging cracking with tbe pressure. I was standing- on the heel of the bowsprit, -with my arm round the forestay to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I best could to avoid the cold showers of brine ?which our sharp bows tore up, when some one pulled my doublet, and, looking round, I saw Rumbold. ' Is there any one about ?' quoth he ; t: I want to speak to you privately.' But the breeze, although it blew strong, -was steady, and tbe watch lay dozing under the lee of the long-boat between the masts. ' My mind misgives me,' says Humbold, presently, ' that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches every motion as a cat does a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chiffon Rouge, and he, are aware that I have pparls about me, and I go in constant dread. Did you see the three rogues to-day, how long and how earnestly they talked, snd what sly glances they, every one of them,threwatme? It -was ticklish workliving among tbe Spaniards at the Rio de la Hacha, but I -warrant you I feel never a bit more comfortable among my countrymen here.'' I inquired where Jerry, the Captain, and Nixon were 1 Rumbold replied, that, they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty far gone, he bad been able to slip out to seek me. 'Now,' quoth he, 'I don't intend that these rascals shall have my pearls, if I can keep them — and what is more, I don't intend that they shall have them, even although I may not be able to keep them — they shall go into the sea, which they came out o*f, first.'' I said, that surely the fellows wonld not murder him for his wealth. 'Well,' be answered, 'they would not murder, if they could steal without it — but if they can't, t do not suppose that a throat or so cut would make much difference.' Upon this I replied, heartily shaking Rumbold's hand at the same time, — ' Yon helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps, I can help you now — will you entrust the pearls to me 2' *' My good fellow,' says Rumbold, with great eagerness, ' that is precisely the favour I came to ask of you.' And with that, he fumbled in his bosom, and presently drew out a sort of flat pouch, made of thin but tough leather, with straps which buckled round the bodv. We both looked eagerly to see that we' were not ob served,, but not a soul could be seen stirring upon deck. A lantern, swinging .from the weather foreshrouds, cast a dusky gleam around upon, the dripping- bulwarks, and the wet and slippery planks— but we were alone. ' Hush !' sayshe, softly. *? The pearlsare ] in this pouch— there is a good thousand j pnunds -worth— strap the belt tightly round ' you, under your clothes, the first time you. have an opportunity. If yon deliver it up to me safely at Jamaica, a third of the profits shall be yours — if anything happens to me. I make you my legatee — keep pouch and pearls, and make the best of them.' He bad hardly made .the transfer -when a shadow glided darkly between us and the lantern. We both rushed aft as far as the foremast and pried easrerly about ; but not a creature was to be seen. ' Bah ! '?' said Rumbold, ' it was only the light, swinging- with the ship as she rolls.' But my own belief was that some one had glided across the deck and mounted the weather forerigging. I had not time, how ever, to communicate my thoughts to Bum bold when we heard loud voices and saw a prlimmering- of lig-bts aft, and immediately Jerry came forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good sea-legs, and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. ' Farewell — take care !' exclaimed Rum bold. ' I must not be seen here.' So saying, he slid over to leeward, and crept aft, under the black shadow of the sails. Meantime, Jerry approached, and taking the lantern from the forerigging, grasped my shoulder, and asked me — in a thick voice'and with a hiccup — whether all was well? I replied in the affirmative, upon which he steadied himself on the deck as well as he_ could, and began to hum over a song to himself, sometimes stopping to put the same question to me, half a dozen times over, after the manner of a drunken man, when, all at once, the ship giving a violent lee-lurch, be was pitched bodily against tbe bulwarks, and at the same moment a heavy xnarling spike fell with a crash from the rigging, tearing- up white splinters in the deck. Had it not been for that lucky lurch, that sharp and ponderous iron would have cleft the mate's head. All this happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck, when Jerry bounded to bis legs, and with a tre mendous oath, that there -was treachery some where, called to me to go aloft in the weather rigging, while he took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate at once. I sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, -while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife-thrust, for he was certain it -was that villainous Portuguee dog who had flung the marline spike. Up we both went into the rocking- rigging. We climbed over the rail of the f oretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a email pistol between his teeth. ' The murthering- rogue I' he ' cried. ' But he has made his last cast. Either he or I go down on that deck a dead man ! ' We both looked up to th.6 heel of the top gallant mast. The white canvas was tug ging, and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against the mast and sail. ' There he is — there's the thief ' Jerry roared, and we both sprang into the topmast rigging. - Holding on by the topgallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light-coloured canvas. All at once I saw its arm move, something bright gleamed through the air, and Jerry shouted — 'Devil confound him — he bas sent bis knife into my shoulder,' and immediately stopped, grasping the shrouds as though he [eared to fall. Knowing now that the Portu guese had no knife, I sprang rapidly np the shrouds to grapple with him. Just then, a, faint watery glimpse of moonlight fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the mainmast, and I Baw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vaseo — his grim face gazing at me, and his hands clenched as though he was determined to sell bis life as dearly as he could. The next moment we had grappled together — neither of us spoke— but the Por tugnese attempted to seize my throat with his teeth; I caught him, however, by his hair, and wrenched his head backwards, while I sought to gripe his right wrist, and so overpower him. But the creature, although he had no strength to cope with me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and sud denly striking me a blow between the eyes, which made abundance of lights dance before them — I felt in a moment his cold long fingers twining round my throat, and closing upon my -windpipe. In the instinctive struggle for breath, I let go hold of his hair, and at the same instant, a sudden and tre mendous swing through, ihe air, as the ship rolled violently below, made me clutch the ropes about me, or I should have been flung off into tbe sea, like a stone from a sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat re laxed, — end -with a litheness and agility, which -were like the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature — the Portuguese slid, as it were, from me, upon the main- royal stay, crawling- and worming Limself along towards the other mast. But Jerry, who had by this time recovered the first faintness from his cat, kept bis eye steadily upon the rogue, for I calling out that he was escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied — ?' Ay, ay, I Bee him !*' and, then, steadily taking aim, the explosion of the pisW re-echoed loudly, from sau to sail, and the Porfcug-uese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. ' Stand from under,' shonted Jerry, ' and allow tte villain to drop clear. He lias stabbed me as he did Shambling Ned.' Vasco uttered no sound, but he raised his legs ag-ain, seeking- by a mighty effort to recover his position upon the rope. His feet had, indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he bung as before by bis hands, swing-in? dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutch ing the forerigging-, not having moved since the knife of the Portuguese struck him. The ?watch upon deck having been aroused by Jerry's cries, and the report of tbe pistol, were running to-and-fro with lanterns, and some of them were ascending- the risrging towards us, -when Jerry roared out again — ' Stop — stop, every mother's son of you, ?where you are till the fellow falls, and then stand by to pitch him overboard. Tbe Portuguese beard this, for he turned round bis head to Jerry, and I saw his white teeth, as the wretch 'Tinned in his agony. The mate answered this look with a loud laugh. 'Some of you there below,' he cried, ' go into the great cabin, bring- up a flagon of wine — and we'll drink to the murthering doar's speedy arrival in hell.' The Portuguese now let go hold of the rope ?with his right hand — and then, an if to re serve his strength, hung for awhile with the left. I did not think that tbe man would have had such endurance in him, but he -was of a light weight, and the muscles of his arms were strong1. All this time he never uttered a sound. Jerry, too, held his peace, and the crew be low waited in silence, with their lanterns glimmering on deck. There was something very solemn in all this — the struggling and tossing ship — the rigid figures of the seamen — the silence, except for the wind and ?waves, and the writhing- creature waving in the air. At length, he uttered one load shrill cry of mortal agony, -which echoed again and again between the sails, and immediately afterwards dropped like a stone. I beard the heavy thump with which be crashed down upon the deck. Descending as quickly as I could I found that Jerry, in spite of his wound, ?which was, however, only a flesh cut, was standing over the Portuguese, who lay all doubled up where he fell. 'Up -with the hound, and over the side with him to the sharks !' said Jerry, in a low stern voice. Immediately the poor wretch ?was plucked from the deck, and four sturdy fellows bore him to the bulwarks. He gave do sign of life ; but just as they heaved him np for the fatal swing, the lanterns being all gleaming- around him, I saw/him, his eyes still shut, make the sign of the cross upon his forehead. He was, therefore, still alive. ' One!' cried Jerry. \ The four executioners, ^R-bo. ^eemed to like 4he job well, gaver. the'; wretch a swimr. ' Two, three ! ' thundered^he mate, and at ihe last word, Vasco of Lisbon was hove a fathom from tbe ship's side, into the boiling 1 sea. As he plunged down, into the brine. ; every one heard' for a moment, and no more, | such a cry as he uttered just before he fell ' from the rigging. Then his vcicj was choked for ever. I could hardly deny bat that the Portu guese merited his fate ; but the flinging overboard of a livine- man, without form of trial or condemnation, seemed a hasty and cruel deed. Nevertheless, none of the crew, except myself, appeared to be, of that opinion, and most of .them said openly that is was 'a ..very good riddance, and that whether he had attempted the life of the mate or not, he was better in the sea than in the ship. As for Jerry, he had his wound — which was, as I have said, a flesh cut on the Bhoulder— rubbed with brandy, and seemed to think no more about the matter. When my watch was up, I went below in no merry mood; and, presently, found an opportunity, 'while lying in my ham mock, which swung among near twoscore of Bimilar sleeping places, to dispose of the pearls as Rumbold bad recommended. The grey light of the morning was coming down the hatchway, and I had not yet slept, for the end of the -wretched Portuguese was still in my head, when there was suddenly a great thumping over head on deck, and an outcry for all hands to turn out and go to quarters. It is curious to observe, at this summons, the sudden rousing of all the sleepers in the ship — how, in a moment, grim heads start out of the warm blankets, and a whole legion of stalwart naked legs come down together, from a score of swinging hammocks upon the deck. But a sailor is soon dressed ; and, accordingly, two minutes had not gone by since I lay in my hammock, when I was at my post, staring over the weather bow at a small sloop, built very low, and which seemed to sail very quickly, which was running along with ns, leaning over before the breeze, so that we could see almost the whole of her decks, upon which about half a-dozen of sailors were running with sleepy scared looks, while the steersman was calling out and gesticulating violently. Looking forth upon the sea, I saw that a mist, almost as thick as that in which we had stumbled upon the ' Saucy Susan,' was just lifting from the water, and driving in vapour volumes before the -wind. In appeared that the inisfc had partially dispersed just before all bands were roused up, and that the look-out had directly spied the sloop, close to windward of us. If there had been less wind and sea, our small friend would very speedily have shown us his stern, for the sharp bows and rounded sides of the vessel were evidently formed for quick sailing; bat the heavy tumbling ridgea of sea hove him so to leeward that he had no chance with a more powerful ship. Meantime, Le Chiffon Rouge, mounting into the weather-mizen rigging, trumpet in hand, hailed to the sloop to surrender ; and Jerry, in a breath, roared out to know if the guns forward were all ready. ' She is a barco longo — a Spanish express boat, comrades,' he shouted ; ' and -we must overhaul her despatches before we part com pany.' Still the captain of the sloop made no sign, standing very staunchly by the steersman, and conning bis ship. Once he motioned to the latter to put the helm down, as if he intended suddenly to lutf , and £o round on the other tack : but changing his mind, he glanced at our sails, and continued his course. Le Chiffon Roug-e again hailed the sloop to surrender, but still -without effect, and I observed that in a temporary lull of the breeze she was beginning to draw away from the ship. Then the bull-like voice of Jerry thundered out along the deck — ' The firat gnn ready there — send your cold iron aboard of him !' Josiah Ward was the captain of the cannon by which I was stationed. His old dim eyes flashed up at the notion of a fray ; and so, stooping over the gun and sheltering the priming from the wind with his trembling hand, he glanced warily along the mass of iron as it pointed now up to the zenith, now down to the billows, according- to the motion of the ship, and at length suddenly dashed the burning end of a rope, which served for a fusee, into the powder in the pan, which flashed up, while the hollow iron belched forth its name, and started back with the ex plosion, the carriage cracking and the tackles rattling through the blocks, until the dis charged cannon lay near the centre of the deek, its grimed month, yet hot and 'smoking:. The discharge was a lucky one. The ball tore a hole in the mainsail of the sloop, and just then a gust flying heavily over the sea, the canvas was rent from top to bottom with a loud, harsh shriek, and blew fluttering in rags out of the bolt-rope. 'Back the main topsail,' cried Jerry. ' The run is taken oat of him.'' But just as the yard, swung round, the captain of the sloop made but one leap down into bis cabin, the skylight of which was open, and directly re-appeared, carrying in his hand a small metal box or casket. He had not taken a step upon the deck, -when I heard the report of a carabine from our ship, and the Spaniard leaped three feet into the air, and fell in a heap upon the deek, above his burden. 'That is the despatch box,' quoth old Ward. '? He meant to fling it into the sea, but Tommy Nixon was too sharp for him.' Just then Le Chiffon Rouge hailed in jsrood Spanish that if any one of the crew of the sloop dared to meddle wiih the box, he would hang every one of them up to the peak of their own vessel. At that the Spanish sailors hastily retired in a body to the bows of the sloop, and our stern boat being manned, was lowered dexterously into the sea, a man standing- at bow and stem to unhook the tackles as she touched the water. Nixon had the command of the boat, and polled right aboard the sloop, the crew offer ing no resistance. The first thing he did when he got on deck was to wrench the despatch box from the grasp of the Spanish captain, who had been shot through tiie body, and was dying fast. The poor fellow lay in his blood upon the deck, coug/hing from time to time, and sputtering tbe thick gore from his mouth. Meantime, Nixon had two of the Spanish sailors brought aft to him, and after examining them by Means of one of his boat's crew, -who spoke a little bad Spanish, he hailed that the despatch-box was all safe,, and contained advices from St. Juan, in Porto Rico, to Traaillo, under Cape Honduras, and that be -would presently search the cabin for further information. Meantime another boat had been got into the water, and I -was ordered to form one of the crew. Jerry himself was in the stern sheets, and presently we all leaped on board the Spaniard. The first thing the mate asked for was the despatch-box. It -was a very stout casket of lead and iron, but by means of a heavy hammer and a marline spike which he brought -with him, Jerry very soon -wrenched open the lid, and we, 'who were crowding about him, soon saw a good packet of letters, aud despatches of different lengths, tied for tbe most part carefully with silk, and bearing huge seals with manifold devices. Jerry straightway sat him down upon the deck, and while the rest looked anxiously on, began wi'h great coolness to peruse the documents one by one. They seemed to be but of little interest, for as he read, his brows darkened, and lie crumpled up letter after letter, and flung them overboard, where they were soon floating-, iike «o many white birds between the sloop and the ship. At length he opened a paper, sealed -with black ^and red wax, which he had no sooner- seen 'than he started up, crying, '? Ha, this ?will do, even though there be no other!' And then stuffing the letters he had not read back into the box, which he gave me to carry, he asked, in a sudden fierce tone, of one of the .captured Spaniards, whether there was an axe in the ship? The man shrunk back from the question. ' Why, you fool,' continued the mate, in broken Spanish. ' I am not going to chop off thy head with it ; but I tell thee -what, if the axe be not forthcoming speedily, I may find means of making- thee a head shorter without it.' So the weapon was duly produced. ' Now, Benjamin Mackett,' says Jerry, addressing one of the first boat's crew, ** I heard you boast thextther night how speedily you could fell a .ftjfee'iiir Virginia. -Take the axe, and prove tiiy words on the mast of this ? sloop.' ' / ? At this the Spaniards, who guessed by the gestures which- passed what was to be done, eet up very dismal lamentations, and began to conjure us, by all the saints, to leave them the means of getting to land. ** Yon may srei to land,' replied -Terry, ' very well under a jury-mast, but I intend that you shall be some time about it. or we shall have a score of pestilent armadiloes out swarming about our ears.' la the meantime. Mackett, who was a sturdy fellow as 'might be, first- applied Hie axe to the standing riggingy and in a very, short space the shrouds and stays, cut away from their fastenings; at ? the bulwarks, col lapsed, as it were, round the mast, which being thus deprived of its supports, began to sway and work with the rollinjr of the ship, creaking and cracking in its step. Then Mackett, flinging aside his doublet, laid the broad bright axe to the wood wiih good -will. The white chips glanced about the deck, and in a few moments a gash, -was cut so deeply into the mast that I expected to see it snap short at every roll. 'Now,' says Mackett, stopping in bis work, ' which side of the sloop shall I send the mast over f* ' Over any side, with a murrain, to thee, so thou makest haste,' answered Jerry. Mackett watched the roll of the seas narrowly, and just- as the sloop lurched heavily, as a great ridge of water heaved np under her keel, he struck the finishing- blow with such good will that the axe sunk a couple of inches into the wood, and with a crack like a musket-shot, the maet, with all its appurtenances of rigging snd fluttering canvas, fell crash ing into the sea, smashing to dust the light bulwarks of the sloop, and causing it to careen heavily over as the jagged and splintered end of the timber continued to cub and rasp against the side of ihe vessel, impelled by the heaving of the swelL 'And now, Spaniards,' said Jerry, 'you may get to Txuxillo as speedily as you like, and give our compliments to the good folks there.' With that we all got into our boats again ; most of the crew jeering at and flouting the disconsolate looks of the Spaniards, as they stood like men bewildered upon the deck of their crippled ship. Before I went over the side, however, I raised the head of the Spanish captain ; the man was quite dead, and becoming stiff and cold already. Our oars fell into the water, and the boats -were speedily hoisted up to tbe davits of the Saucy Susan. Then Jerry, going aft, touched his hat to Le Chiffon Rouge very ceremoniously, and presented him with the casket of despatches and tbe particular letter which he bad read, the ship all this tune lying; to, but gradually drifting to leeward of the barco longo, which now exposed but little surface to the wind. After a pretty long communion between these two worthies, Le Chiffon Rouse ordered the boat swain to call all hands, and presently the whole crew were grouped round the mainmast. Then the captain, taking off his hat, began to make one of his usual speeches, a part of his duty, in fact, which be appeared fond of, being of a long-winded nature, and given to using fine words on such occasions. The main points of what he now said were as follows : — The Saucy Susan, as they all knew, was bound on a cruiee to the Mosquito and Honduras coast, but, happily, they were their own masters, and could change their cruising- gronnd as often as they thought fit. Well, here were certain despatches newly captured from the ' Barco Longo,' as one of them related to a rich Spanish ship which. »ras shortly expected in these seas, the cap tain proposed that it be read aloud in English, for the benefit of Messieurs the adventurers, that, upon knowing- the contents of the paper, they might determine as they thought n't. The crew received this oration -with signs sf great satisfaction, and one or two cried out. 'Ay, ay, translate the Don's patter, and. then we will-consider.' Upon this, Le Chiffon Rouge made a sign to Rumbold, who jame forward, and placed the important letter in the pearl merchant's hands. Bum bold looked at the manuscript, which was written in a fair hand, and then read oafc Fery fluently as follows : — From my House at Ferrol. Upon such a date. Good and trusty Manual — 'You have been absent at the mines in Darien, when in sadness and sorrow, I re burned to the main land in the long-boat of the great galleon, reft of all the treasures which the ship carried, by tbe band of plun lering heretics, who, for our sins, the saints permit to infest the Indian seas, I was not able personally to let you know the particu lars of our misfortune, and, indeed, I bad but small time and less heart to write the story. You are aware that in a few days after reaching Porto Bello, to wliich place we scudded before the wind, -which -was bois terous, I found a quick ship sailing unto Spain, and having taken passage in her, we were so favoured as to avoid all pirates, flebustiers, and buccaneers, and sail very prosperously across the Atlantic hither. But as touching- the Carthag-ena galleon, that was indeed a heavy loss, and I have made it my petition to the King that he will cause rspre'- sentations to be sent to their Majesties of England and France touching the con duct and bearing of their subjects in our Indian seas. The manner of our capture ?was very sudden. Two days' sail from Car thagena, we beating to windward, a sail was descried an hour before sunset, hut -which vanished before the dusk closed, so that little or nothing more was thought of the matter. As is my wont, I retired early to rest, the worthy captain of the galleon assuring me that all lvas well, and a very good look-out kept from all parts of the ship. But truly, our look-out must have been maintained with but sleepy eyes, for as I was dozinpr, just after having beard midnight eliime from the clock in the great cabin,'and looking half- asleep, half- awake at the lamp as it swung- to and fro, and made strange glimmerings and shadows upon the tapestries, I su&d;&nly; heard a tremendous outcry, and tbe running- of feet upon the deck above, and then. jyTiinual, a volley of musketry, and one cf those savage ' hurrahs' which are the -war-cry of the English, followed almost on the instant by a shock ?which made the great galleon tremble and surge from side to side. At that moment there came flying- down the cabin- stairs our friend Collado, of the Henaitage Plantation, his face like unto sjrey ashes, and exclaiming that we were ruined and undone, for that while the -wateh on deck slumbered, being incited thereto by the calmness of the weather, a pirate schooner had suddenly laid the galleon on board, and that our good cap tain had fallen in the very volley I had just heard discharged. ' But even -while he was speaking the up roar on deck was renewed. I heard the grating and rasping- as the sides of the two vessels encountered, when they roiled, and the fierce outcries and clash of steel, and frequent pistol and carbine shots fired while the pirates were clambering- np oar lofty sides and leaping upon the deck. They' were devils, Manual. 25o man could resist them. They yelled and fought, and seemed to de spise their Iive3 ; and accordingly, in a mo ment, and ere I could even put on my gar ments, in came the spoilers, rustling down the cabin stairs, a tall and strong old .man, naked to the waist, and with a handkerchief twisted round his grey hair, leading them on, sword and pistol in hand. Thus -were we constrained to surrender. 'Nevertheless, Manual, I must do our spoilers this justice : they sought not to harm our persons, and were even (in their way) courteous to as their prisoners. This I say specially of the leader, who was of lofty and somewhat dignified aspect, and whom they called ? Captain Jem.' and sometimes ' Stout Jem.' ' Here Rumbold made a pause, as if to cough, and glanced slily at me. Oh, how my heart leaped as 1 listened. Honest, noble Captain Jem ! No prisoners but what ?would have mercy and courtesy at thy hands ! Rumbold continued — :- This old man presently desired to speak with me privately, and, quoth he, ' To.ere was one of our crew captured by Spaniards at Carfchfigena ; tell me, truly, is he dead or alive?' .. At this I bethought me that there bad-been, indeed, an English prisoner ex amined at the alcaide's ; for that strange man, Don Jose, had informed me oE the: fact, and also that the Englishman behaved very.- boldly -when put to his trial; and this I told to the pirate cap- j tain, adding, that I understood that he had made his escape into the woods, and, although he had been seen in the streets of Carthagena at night, and hotly pursued, yet that he had given all his followers the slip, and got clear oS, whither none knew. At this the old man wrung my hand, jn a strange fashion, and whispering me, '.I loved that young man as though I were his .parent,' . added, * We make war upon you Spaniards, but we are no thieves; therefore let each man of yon take i his clothes and his private stock of ' money, and descend speedily into the j boats. The ship and cargo we claim, ! but not ihe private goods of- passengers and j crew.' ' ? 'I give thee all these particulars, good Manual, because thou art deeply interested in all which befalls me, and so thou wilt not find them, tedious. And bo, presently, with sorrowful hearts we descended into our boats, and saw the galleon and the schooner trim their course for Jamaica. So far touching our disaster ; now to another matter.' ' And the matter which concerns us most, shipmates,' said Jerjy. ' Go on, Mr. Eum boidT I give the latter part of the letter; with all its details although the information involved in it came at last to nothing. Nevertheless, I think it right to recount at length the document which caused us to change our plans, and indirectly led to the loss of the ship. The letter then ran somewhat as follows :— ' And now, gooa .manual, our mend and correspondent, Juan G-ramada, of this town, designing speedily to send forth a goodly ship, bound to Truxillo, and laden with wines, cloths, laces, and divers sorts of goods proper for the Indian markets, I have advised him that he should cause her to pause in her course at a certain barren cluster of islets to windward of the Dutch possession of Curagoa, and considerably to the east of the usual cruising places of the pirates, who, as I learn, do not often sail to windward of the Gulf of Venezuela. These islets are called Isles desAves, or Bird Islets. I have landed upon the-n; they are not inhabited, save by countless flocks of sea birds, and they are full of good harbours and creeks, where a ship may commodiously ride at anchor. My advice, then, to Juan Gramada, and he hath taken it, was to let his ship pause at these islands, her captain having been there once before ; and that, in the meantime, you getting this letter, as I hope you will, about a week or a fortnight after the ship sails from Spain, do despatch an agent in whom you can put trust in a good piragua, or small sailing sloop, to the Isles des Aves, bearing intelligence as to whether the seas westward be pretty clear, so as to make the run across the Gulf of Darien as safe as possible. In case of your agent bringing unfavourable or doubtful tidings, then tie captain of Gramada's ship has instructions to direct the conrse of the vessel to any other port in New Spain, or to the Havannah, as you may think fit, where the wares can be disposed of to advantage.' These were the chief points of the letter, the remainder being devoted to private matteranot of interest to any of us. But I started again when I heard the name of the writer pronounced. It was Pedro Davosa. When Rumbold bad ceased reading, Jerry took np the word. ' Now, comrades,' quoth he, ' you have heard the news. What say ye, shall we continue oar course to the south west, or is there enough in that letter to make us haul our wind and beat up for the Isles des Aves .' I tell yeu that a cargo such as the ?writer mentionetb. is worth looking for, and it may be that we shall in the meantime light upon prey as valuable running down from the islands as we should have met upon the coast of the main.' Upon this, Joaiab. Ward, being- one of the oldest men on board, gave as his opinion that we ought to steer eastward for the Isles dos Aves, keeping not far from the mouth, of the Gulf of Venezuela, a bay which many Spanish ships were wont to enter and depart fiom. This seemed to settle the matter. The main-topsail was filled, and the direction of the ship altered from south-west to south east, and then, -with a hearty cheer as an opening to our new cruise, we moved away, leaving- tlie Barco Longo, with her over thrown mast, sadly drifting on the sea. TO BE CO.VTI.VUED.J 