The Dos CjaaN. 'Alf AUSTBALIAK 8T0BT. BT JOBlf BOTXE o'jrKlLLT. There ire lonesome pisces upon tho earth That hare never echoed a sound of mirth ; Where the spirits abonnit that feast and quaff OB thc shuddering soul of a uiurderM laugh ; And tike grim delight in thc fearful start \- As their unseen fingers pinch the heart, And the blood flies ont from the griping pain, . To carty the chill through every vein ; And the staling eyes and the whitrn'd faces Are a joy to these ghosts of the lonesome places. Dot of all the spots on this earthly sphere. Where these dismal spirits are strong and near, There is one more dreary than all the rest ' Tis the barren Island of Rottenest. On Australia'J western coast you may. On a seaman's chart of Fremantle Bay, Find a tiny speck, some tsn miles from shore ; If the chart be good there is something more : For a shoal run* in on the landward side, With five fathoms marked for thc highest tide. You have naught but my « ord for all the rest ; But that speck is the Island of Rottenest. . 'Tia a white sand heap, about two miles long, . ". And aas half as wide ; but the deeds of wrong \- ? il hi ll I Uk II I there tuo* place v y Are snficicnt to sally a continent's face. Ah ! cruel tales ¡-where they told as a whole They would scare yonr polished humanity's soul They would blanch the cheeks in your car- peted room, With a terrible thought of the merited doom For the crimes committed, still nnredre3sed. On that white sand heap called Rottenest. Of late years the island is- not so bare As it was when I saw it first, for there On the oater hcadl'tnd some buildings stand, And a flag, red-crossed, says the patch of sand ls * recognised part of the wide domain That is blessed with the pence of Victoria's reign. But behind the lighthouse the land's the sam?, And it benn grim proof of the white man's shame, Vor tbe miniature vales that the island owns Hare a horrible harvest of human bones ! ASd how did they come there f That's the w«rd. And I'll answer it now with a tale I heard From the lips of aman who was there and saw The had end of man's greed and of colony law. Many years ago. when the whits man first Set his foot on the foil, and was hated and curst Bf the native, who had not yet learned to fear The dark wrath of thc stranger, but drove bis spear With a freeman's force and a bushman's yell At the white invader, it then b-.-fcll That so many were killed, and cooked, and eaten, There was risk 'A the whites in thc end being beaten. So a plan was proposed-'twas deemed safest and beet To imprison thc natives in Rottenest. And so every time there was white blood spilled There were black men captured, and those not killed In the rage of vengeance «ere sent away To this bleak sand isle in Fremantle Bay. A nd it soon came round tbat a thousand men . «R23M5***h«r theredike wild beasts in a pen. -TBm MwMKMnwvKrgtusblnde In the SUd, ' Xor a piece of timberas large as your hand ; But aGoverninent boat went ont each day To fling meat ashore, and then sailed away. Fora year or so, this course was pursued, Till' twas noticed that few came down for food When the boat appeared 5 then a gaari lay round . The island one night,and the white man found That the savages swam thro' the lowest tide To the shoal,that layon thc landward side 'Twas a mile from the beach,-and then waded ashore: 60 the settlers all met in grave council once moret That n gtittrcl tc Deeded, was plain to all ; But nobody answered the Governor's cali, Fora volunteer watch : there were only a few. And then wild young forms gave plenty to do ; And the connell of settle» was breaking np With a dread of the sorrow they'd have to sup Whenthennawed sa vages,for vengeance wild, Laid wait in the woods for the mother and child. And with doleful countenance, each to bb neighbour Told a dreary tale of the world of labour Ile had, and said, ' Let bim watch who can, 1 can't.'-when there stepped to the front a man With s bard brown face and a burglar's brow, Who had learned the secret he uttered now. When he served in the Chain-Gang in New South Wales] And he said tn them, 'Friends,as all else fails. These 'ere natives are safe as if locked and harreé', if you line that shoal with a mastiff guard ! ' Then the settlers looked at each other awhile. Till the wonder toned to a well-pleased smile, When the brown ex-burglar said he knew And would show tbeyrholeof 'em what to do. About three weeks alter, the guard was set,' And a native who swam to the shore was met By two half-starved dogs when a mile from shore, And Eonwhow that native was never seen ' more. . >. : ? ' ? ;li*ic The settlers were pleased with the capital .. plan," .j , And voted their thank» tothe ha i à aw à m in. For a year, each day, did the Govwreor's Wt r.Take the meat to the isle and its guard aloat. In a line, on the face of the Bboal.the dogs Had a dry house each ca soase anchored logs; And the neck-chain frosa each just stretched half-way ? -.'..}.._; To the next dog's house. Bight across the bay Ban a line that was hideous with horrid sounds ' . From the hungry throats of two hundred hounds. So one more year passed ; and the brutes oa ?? .the logs " Had grown more like devils than common dogs. ? ? There was auch a bell-chorus by day and by . night That the settlers ashore were chilled with fright - ^ When they thought : 'If that legion should . breakaway, _ And come ia with the tide some fatal day ! * But they 'scaned that chance, for a nun -.' came ia - \ From the bush one day7 with a'possum's skin To the throat tiled up with large pearls he fosad To the aorth OB the shore of Shark's Bay Sonad : And the settlement Mased with a, wild coansotioB > ' - ' At the sight of the gems fro** the wealthy ocean. . Thea the families all begsn to pack Their hoastnold treaanres, and ask the track That the boshnaa followed to strike the spot. WhiktWOoa^aadtheBatiTeawerealUorifot. la two days, front that camp oa the Birer Swan. To the Shark's Bay Sonad had the settlers j goa* i And ao aMrdfal nadia*- dal «ea retard It «ere rain to try, in my quiet room, To write down the truth of the awful doom That befell those garages prisoned there, When the pangs of hunger and gannt despair Had nigh made them mad as the fiends outside. 'Tis enough that one night, through the low ebb tide. Swam nine hundred savages, armed with stones, And with weapons made from their dead friends'bones. Without ripple or 9uund, when the moon was gone, Through the inky water they glide 1 on, Swimming deep, and scarce daring to draw a breath, While the dogs, if they saw, were as dumb as death. 'Twas a teo-ible picture ! Oh God ! that the night Were so black as to cover the horrid sight From the eyes of the Angi l that notes man's ways In the Book that will ope on the day of days ! There were screams when they met-shrill screams of pain. For each animal swam at the length of his chain, And with parching throat and in furious mood, Lay awaiting, not men, but his coming food. There were «hert abarp cries and a line ul fleck, ,f AM the Joagr.fitag* sank in the - swimmer* neck ; There were, gurgling growls mixed with human groans, For the savages dravo the sharpened bones Thro* t heir enemies ribs,aud the bodies sank Each dog holding fast with a bone thro'Iii: flank. Then those of the natives who'scaped, swan back t But too late, for scores nf the savage p ick, - Driven mad by theyells and the sounds of fig»1 Had broke loose and ful.'owe-l. On that dr. a. night Let the curtain fall-when thc red sun rose From the placid ocean, the 'oy3 and woes Of a thousand men he had last eve seen Were as things or. thoughts that had neve been. When the settlers return'd,tn a month ortwr They bethought of tte dogs and tbe prisone* crew : And a boat went out on an ill'! i med quest Of whatever was living on Rottenest. They search'd all the isle .-ind»iil*d back agar With some specimen bones of tUe dogs an men. 