' THE SOUTH SEAS. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. PART III.— THE EIGHT ISLANDS. CHAPTER XXV. the city of refuge. Tho Const Ronrt— Iloiinnnnn— Tlio Kuins— Kcnwc'n Oliost — Tho House; of Keawo in 1825— Cities of Refuge— llumnn Sncrillcc in Hawaii — Thu Uonine'l ami their Privileges. ! Our way wis northward 011 tlm naked lava j of tho coast. Tlic schoolmaster led the ; marcli on a trumpeting black stallion ; not - without anxious thought, I followed after on a mare. Tho buu sinoto us fair and full, tho air streamed from tho hot rook, tho distant landscape gleamed and trembled through its .vortices. On the left, the coast heaved bodily | upward to Mu'n, tho zone of mists and forests, where it rains all day, anil tho clouds creep up and down, and tho groves loom and vanish in the margin. r The land is still a crust of lava, here and there ramparted with cliffs, and which here and there breaks down and shows the months of branching galleries, mines and tombs of naturo's making, endlessly vaulted and ramified below our passage. Wherever a house is, cocoa palms spring sheer out of the rock ; a little shabby in this northern latitude, uot visibly the worse for tlicif- in clement rooting. Hookena had shone out green under the black lip of the overhanging crag, green as a May orchard ; the lava might have been some rich, black loain. Everywhere, in the fissures of the rock, green herbs and flowering bushc3 prospered, donkeys and cattle were everywhere ; every where, too, their withered bones telling of drouth. No sound but of tho sea pervades tliis region ; and it smells strong of the open water and of aromatic plants. Wo skirted 'one clilly cove, full of bursting surges ; and if it had not been for the palms and the houses and the canoes that were putting out to fish, and tho color of the cliffs and the light dresses (lilac, red and green) of tho women that sat about the doors at work, I might have thought myself in Devonshire ; A little turtnor wo passeu a garuen cncioseu in dry stone walls from the surrounding blackness ; it seemed a wonder of fer tility; hard by was tho owner, a white man, waiting tho turn of the tido by tho margin of his well ; so soon as the sea flowed, ho might begin to irrigate with brackish water. The children hailed my companions from waysido houses. With one iittlo maid, knotting her gown about her in embarrassment so as to define her little per son like a suit of tights, we held a conversa tion more prolonged. " Will you bo at school to-morrow?" "Yes, sir." "Do you like School?" "Yes, sir." "Do you like bath ing?" "No, ma'am," with a staggering chnngo of sex. Another maiden, of more tender growtli and wholly naked, fled into tho houso at our approach, and appeared again with tho corner of a towel. Leaning ono lmnd on the post, and applying her rai ment with tho other, she stood in the door and watched us haughtily by. Tho white llag of a surveyor and a poundmaster's notice on s, board told of tho reign of law. At length wo turned tho corner of a point ana iicpoucucu on a 11 at ot lava, un tne landward hand, eliffa made a quadrant of on amphitheatre, melting on cither side into the general mountain of tho isle. Over these rivers of living lava had otiee flowed, hod frozen as they fell, and now depended liko a sculptured drapery. Here anil there the mouth of a cave was seen half blocked, some green lianas beckoning in the entrance. In front, the fissured pavement of the lava stretched into tho sea and nrndo a surfy point. A scattered village, two white churches, ono Catholic, one Protestant, a grovo of tall and scraggy palms, and a long bulk of ruin, occupy the end. Off the point, not a cable's length boyond tho breaching surf, a schooner rode, como to discharge house-boards, and presently due at Hookena —to loud lepers. The village is Honaunau ; tho ruin, tho Hale- o-Keawc, temple and city of refuge. The ruin made a massive figure, rising from tho flat lava in ramparts 12ft. to 15ft. high, of an equal thickness, and enclosing an nrea of several acres. Tho umnortoreil . stones were justly set ; in places the bulwark wub still true to tho plummet, in places ruinous from tho shock of earthquakes. The enclosure was uiviueu in unequal pares, whereof tho greater was the city of refuge ; tho smaller, tho Heiau or temple, tho so- called House of Keawo, or reliquary of his royal bones. Not his alono hut those of many monarchs of Hawaii were treasured hore, but whether as tho founder of tho ihrine, or because lie had been inoro' re nowned in lifo, Keawo was tho naming Mid the hallowing saint. And Keawo can produce at least one claim to figure on tho canon, for since his death lie lias wrought miracles. As late as 1829, Kaahumanu sent mcssongers to bring the relies of tho kings from their long repose at Honaunau. First to tho keeper's wife and then to the keeper, the spirit of Keawo ap peared in a dream, bidding them prevent the desecration. Upon the second summons they rose trembling; hasted with a torch into tho crypt, exchanged the bones of Keawe with . thoso of some less holy chieftain, and were back in hod but not yet asleep, and tho day had not yet dawned, boforo the messenger arrived. So it comes that to this hour the bonc3 of Keawe, like those of his great descendant, sleep in some unknown crovico of that caverned isle. When Ellis passed in 1823, six years before this intervention of the dead, tlie temnle still Tireserved some Hbadow of its ancient credit, and presented much of its original appearance. He lias sketched it rudely in a drawing, moro effectively in "Words: — "Soveral rudely carved male and femalo images of wood were placed on tho "Outside of the enclosure, some on low podes. tals under the shado of an adjacent treo, otliers on high posts on tho jutting rocks that hung over tho edge of the water. A v number stood on the fence nt unequal dis tances all around, but the principal assem blage of these frightful representatives of their former dieties was at the south-east end of tho enclosed space, where, forming a semi- cirolc, 12 of thorn stood in grim array, as if perpetual guardians of ' tho mighty dead> reposing in the house adjoining. . . Once they had evidently been clothed, hut now they appeared in the most indigont nakedness. . . . Tlio horrid staro of these idols, the tattorcd garments upon some of them, and tho heaps of rotting offer ings before them, seemed to us 110 im-. proper emblems of the system they wore designed to support; distinguished alike by its cruelty, folly and wretched ness. We endeavorod to gain admission to tho inside of tho house, but were tolil it was strictly prohibited. . . . However, by pushing ono of tho boards across the door way a Iittlo on one side, wc looked in and saw many large images, largo rows of sharks teeth and pearlsliell eyes. We also saw several bundles, apparently of human bones, cleaned, carefully tied up with sinnet made of cocoanut fibres, and placed in different parts of the houso, together with some rich shawls and other valuable articles, probably worn by those to whom tho bones belonged." Thus the careless eyes of Ellis viewed and passed over tho bones of sacrosanct Keawo in his homo which ho had buildod. But tho refugo of tho Gilberts was only a houso in a villago, and only offered, liko European churches, a sanctuary for tho time. The hunted man might harbor there anil live on charity ; woo to him if bo stepped with out. Tho City of Refuge, of Honaunau, possessed a larger efficacy. Its gate once passed, an appcaranco made boforo tho priest ' on duty, hasty prayer addressed to tho chief Idol and tho guilty man was freo to go again, relieved from all tho conse quences of his crime or his misfortune. In time of war its bulwarks wero adver tised by pennons of white tapa ; and the aged, tho children and the poorer-hearted of tho women of tho district awaited there tho issuo of tho battlo. But tho true wives followed their lords into tho field and shored with them their toil and danger. Thcro wero besides a class apart com parable to the doomed families of Tahiti, whoso special mission was to supply tho altar. It seems tho victim fell usually on the holy day, of which there were four in tho month. Between these the man was not only safe, but enjoyed, in virtue of his destiny, a' singular license of behaviour. His immunities exccoded those of the mediieval priest and jester roiled in one. He might havo donned the king's girdle (tho height of sacrilege and treason) and gone abroad with it unpunished, and apparently I unhlamcd, anil with a little care and some acquaintance in priests' families, lie might prolong this life of license to old ago. Hut the laws of human nature are implacable ; their destiny of privilege and peril turned the men's heads ; even at dangerous seasons they went recklessly abroad 11 poll their pleasures; they were often sighted in the open, and must run for tho city of refuge, with tlie priestly murderers at their heels. It is strange to think it was a priest also who : stood in the door to welcome and protect them. Tho enclosure of tho sanctuary was all paved with the lava, scattered blocks cncnni. bored it in places, everywhere tall cocoa palms jutted from the fissures and drew shadows on the lioor, a loud continuous sound of tho near sea burdened tho car. Those rude monumental ruins, and the thought that life and faith of which they stood memorial, threw me in a muse. But there are times and places where the past becomes tliu more vivid than tho present and the memory dominates tlie ear and eye. I have found it so in tho presence of the ves tiges of Rome ; I found it so again in theCif.y of Refugo at Honaunau; and tho strange, busy and perilous existence of the old Ha waiian, tho grinning idols of the Heiau, tho priestly murders anil tho fleeing victim, rose before and mastered my imagination. Some dozen natives of Honaunau followed me about to show the boundaries : and I was recalled from these scattering thoughts by ono of my guides laying his hand on a big block of lava. "This stone i3 called Kaahumanu," said ho. " It is hero she lay hid with her dog from Kamehameha." t And lie told 1110 an anecdoto, which would not interest the reader as it interested ' mo rill ne nas learned wnac manner oi woman Kaahumanu was. CHAPTER XXVL KAAHUMANU. Kamehameha tho First, founder of the realm of the Eight Islands, was a man pro perly entitled to the stylo of great. All chiefs in Polynesia are tall and portly, and Kainchamchu owed his life in the battle with the l'nna fishers to tho vigor of his body. Ho was skilled in single combat ; as a general he was almost invariably the victor. I'et it i3 not as a soldier that he remains fixed upon the memory ; rather as a kindly and wise monarch full of sense and shrewdness, like an old, plain country farmer. When lie had a mind to make a present of fish ho went to the fishing himself. When famine fell on the land he rcmiltcll tlie tributes, cultivated a garden for his own support with his own hands, and set all his friends to do tlie like. Their patches of land, cupli still known by the name of its high-born gardener, were shown to Ellis on his tour. He passed laws against cutting down young sandalwood trees ana against tne Killing oi tne turn irom wmcii tho feather mantles of the archipelago were made. Tho yellow feathers wero to be plucked, lie directed, and the bird dismissed again to freedom. His people were astonished. " You are old," they argued, " soou you will die ; what use will it be to you ?" " Let tho bird go," said tho King. " It will be for my children afterward." Alas, that his laws lmd not prevailed 1 Sandalwood and yellow feathers are now things of yesterday in his dominions. The attitude of this brave old fellow to the uativo religion was, for some while before' his death, ambiguous. A white man (tradi tion says) had coinc to Hawaii upon a visit. King Kalakaua assures me that he was an Englishman and a missionary. If that be so lie should be easy to identify. It was tliis missionary's habit to go walking in tho morn, ing ere tho sun was up, and, before doing so, to kindle a light and make tea. The King, who rose early himself to watch the behavior of his people, observed tho light, made inquiries, learned of and grew curious about these morning walks, threw himself at last in the missionary's path and drew him into talk. The meeting was repeated, and the missionary oegan to press me ivuig wn.ii Christianity. "If you will throw yourself from that cliff," said Kameh'aineha, " and come down uninjured, I will accept your religion; not unless." But tho missionary was n man of parts. Ho wrought a deep impression on his hearer's mind, and after lie had left for homo Kamehameha called his chief priest and announced that he was about to break tho tabus and to change his faith. The Kahuna replied that he was the King's servant, but tho step was grave, and it would ho wiser to proceed by divination. Kamehainoha consented. Each built a new heiau over against tho other's, anil when, both wore finished a game of what wo call French and English, or the tug-of-war, was played ill ion the intervening space. The party of tho priest prevailed ; the King's men were dragged in a body into tho opposite temple, anil the tabus wore maintained. None employed in this momen tous foolery wero informed of its signifi cance ; the King's misgivings wero studiously concealed, but there is little daubt ho con tinued to cherish them in secret. At his death ho had another memorable word testifying to his old preoccupation for his son's estate, implying, besides, a weak ened confidence in the island deities. T-Ti« Rinlfiio-qq \m lifijtw iinmi liiin tlio t-imn had manifestly come to offer sacrifice ; the people had fled already from tlie dangerous vicinity and lay hid ; none but priests anil chiefs remained about tho King. "A man to your god !" they urged ; " a man to your god that you may recover !" " The man is sacred to (my son) tho King," replied Kamehameha- So much appeared in public ; but it is believed that lie left secret commands upon the high chief Kalauimoku, and on Kaahu manu, the most beautiful awl energetic of his wives, to do (as soon as he was dead) that which ho had spared to do while living. No time was lost. Tho very day of his death, May 6, 1819, tlvo women of tho court ule of forbidden food, and sorno of tho men sat down with them to meat. Infidelity must havo been deep- seated in tho circle of Kamehameha, for no portent fol owed til s defiance of tho gods, anil none of tho transgressors died. But the priests were doubtless informed of what was doing; tho blame lay clearly on tlie shoulders of Kaahuniami, the most conspicuous person in tho laml, named by tho j dying Kainehanicha iiir a conditional suc cessor: "If Liholiho do amiss let Kaahu manu take the kingdom and preserve it." The priests met in council of diviners, nnil by n natural retort it was upon Kaahumanu lliat they laid the fault of the king's death- This conspiracy appears to have been quite in vain. Kaahumanu sat secure. On the day of tho coronation, when the young king came fortli from the hoiau elail in a rod robe and crowned with liis English diadem, it was almost as an cquul that silo met and spoke to him. " Son of Heaven, I name to you tho possession of your fathor; here arc tho chiefs, thcro are tho people of your father, there arc your guns, hero is your land. But lot you awl mo enjoy that land together." Ho must havo known already she was a frce-eator, and thcro is no doubt ho trembled at tlie thought of that im piety and of its punishment; yet ho con sented to what seems her bold proposal. Tlie same day ho met his own mother, who sigued to him privately that ho Bliould eat free. But Lilioiiho (tho poor drunkard who died ill Lundou) was incapable of so much daring ; lie lmng long apart from tho court circle with a eliquo of the more superstitious, and it was not till five months later, after a drinking bout in a cauoo at sea, that ho was decoyed to land by stronger spirits, and was seen (perhaps scarce conscious of his acts) to cat of a dog, drink rum and smoko i tobacco with his servant women. Thus tlie food tabu fell finally at court. Ero it could bo stamped out upon Hawaii a war must be fought, wherein the chief of tho old I party fell in battle, his brave wifo Manono j by his side, mourned even by the missionary I Ellis. 1 Tho fall of ono tabu involved tho fall of others ; the ltlod was plunged in dissolution ; morals ceased. When the missionaries came (April, 1820) all the wisdom in the kingdom was prepared to embrace the succor of some new idea. Kitahuinanu early ranged upon that side, perhaps at first upoa a ground of politics. But gradually she fell inoro and morn under tlie iniluenco of tho now teachers ; loved them, served them j valo- rously defended them in dangers which alio shared, anil put away at their command her second husband. To the end cy1 a long life she played an almost sovereign psrt, so that in the cphemorides of Hawaii the progresses of Kaahumanu are chronicled along with tho deaths and tlie accessions of kings. ¥br two successive sovereigns and in troublous periods she held the reins of regency with a fortitude that has not boon called in ques tion, with a loyalty beyond reproach, and at last, on Juno 5, 1832, this Duke of Welling ton of a woman made the end of a saint, 57 years after her marriage with the conqueror. The date of her birth, it seems, is lost. We may call her 70. Kaahumanu was a woman of tho chiefly stature anil ot celebrated beauty ; Bingham admits she was " beautiful for a Polynesian," and her husband cherished her exceedingly. Ho had the indelicacy to frame and publish an especial law declaring death against the man who should approach her, and yet no penalty against herself. And in 1809, after 51 years of marriage, and when she must have been Hearing 50, an island Chastelard of tho name of Kanihonui was found to he her lover and paid tho penalty of life, she cynically surviving. Some 20 years later ono of the missionaries had written homo de nouncing the misconduct of an English whaler. The whaler got word of the denuncia tion and, with tho complicity of the English Consul, sought to makcncrimo of it against the mission. 1'arty spirit rail very violent iu tlie islands, tears wore shed, threats flying, and Kaahuinnnu called a council of the chiefs. In that day stood forth tho native historian, David Malo (though his name should rather havo been Nathan) and pressed tho regcut with historic instances. Who was to be punished V The whaler guilty of the act, the iUiOdiwiiui y t 11WOU UUiUltlVlUl'lUi) JUVU JUUVUlvUU. the HcanUal ? "O, you, tho wifo of Kame hameha," said ho, " Kumhonui came and slept with you ; Luheluhe declared to Kame hameha tho sleeping together of you two. I ask you which of theso two persons wore slain by Kamehameha? Was it - Luheluhe?" And she answered, "It was Kanihonui!'' Shakespeare never imagined such a character; and it would require none less than ho to represent her sublimities and contradictions. Aftur tills heroine tho stone in the precinct of Honaunau has been named. Here is the reason, and the tale completes her portrait. Kamehameha wius, of course, polygamous? tho number of his wives rose at last to 25; and out of these no less than two were the sisters of Kaahumanu. The favorite was of a jealous habit, and when it came to a sister for a rival her jealousy overflowed. She (led by night, plunged in the sea, eainc swimming to Honaunau, entered the precinct by tlie sea gate, and hid herself behind the stone There she lay naked aud refused food. The flight was discovered ; as sho had como swim- ming iiuiiu iiiiui scull iici pass ; tne priesba ul the temple were bound, it seems, to silouco, and Kona was filled with the messengers of the dismayed Kamchatnchti vainly seeking tlie favorite. Now Kaahumanu had a dog who was much attached to her, who had accom panied her hi her long swim anil lay by her sido behind the stone ; and it chanced, us the messengers ran past the city of refuge, that tho dog (perhaps recognising them) began to hark. "Ah, there is tho dog of Kaahumanu !" said the messengers, and returned and told tlie King sho was at the Hale 0 Keawe. Thence Kamehameha fetched or sent for her, and the breach in their relations was restored. A King preferred this woman out of a kingdom ; Kanihonui died for her when she wus 50 ; even her dog adored lier ; even Bingham, wiio did not see her until 1820, thought her "beautiful for a Polynesian and while she was thus in person an emblem of womanly charm, she made her lifo illus trious with tlie manly virtues. There aro some who give to Mary Queen of Scots the place of saint, and muse iu their historic meditations ; I recommend to them instead the wife and widow of tho island conqueror. xnu .Li.u.»uuuu wita tiiu nuuiur wuumu, wiuu the nobler story ; aud no disenchanting por trait will he found to shatter an ideal. 