7 h e Haw a & lo n A r m y * CoMHiBBioNEU Coohbeb, V Brigadier Both well, Directing Officer of New South Wales, tf Major 'Complin, Directing Officer of Tasmania, and “ Staff-aaptain ” Moss, Solvation Army officers, arrived hero from Launceston by Saturday xtight’* express train. They were m et a t the station by the local branch of the Army, and, headed by the band, marched in precession to tbe Barracks, where a meeting was held. Yesterday a special demonstration^ took place, when three services were held in the Temperance Hall, all of which drew crowded congregations. “ Commissioner “ Coouibes conducted and brief addresses were delivered by the other officers, the Morning Commissioner Coombcs rssd several verses from the first portion of the 59th chapter of Isaiah. He said that one thing be wonl-i like to bring under the notioo of those present was th at so class had the monopoly of “ binding up broken hearts ” or “ opening the prison doors to tbe captivei. and it was not for any mar or set of men to take to themselves th a t power. I t was not for any particular man, who had had any special training, to say th at he and men of his sort were the only ones who could do these things, and set captive sculs a t liberty, as desoribed in the verses ho had just read. He had once travelled with a young man intended for the ministry, who hod told him that he did not consider i t within hie province to spunk tc people cf spiritual things till a certaio ceremony had b«ea performed. To th at he replied that there woe only one power which could qualify men lo deal with the sonls of others, and tbat power came when the spirit of tbe Lord God descended on them, and they had the authority of the Holy •h o st as intended by God; then they would be worthy of being the binders up of broken hearts and the setters free of captives. The Lord wanted this power to some into their homt-ft, their businesses, and for them to prove the acceptable year of the Lord. He was just as willing to give the Holy Ghost to the man working in the mine os to a Peter, and just as ready to give it to the qusrryman as to the Queen, for they were told th at to him who asketb there shall be receiving, tc him who knocketb tbe door would be oppned, and be hoped to see a lot of asking and knocking. Wb&t; web it tb a t kept back some ol the followeis of the Christ P I t was that their hearts were not thoroughly sanctified, and that their iniquities rose before them and their God.aud this was the reason they failedtoadiievetuccess.Ifthey wanted the power they must put away from them all their wickedness. God wonted them to give themselves to Him, and if they would only examine their cools they would 6ee how far they were from Him, aud he trusted that having examined their souls tb at they would incline their hearts to Him, who sever refused a petition for pardon. In tbe Afternoon. CommDsiooer Coombes read the 11th chapter of tbe Gospel according to St. Mark. He said that if the Salvation Army needed any excuse for being demonstrative and noisy in their worship there was plenty of it in the Word of God, which showed that, the people in tbe days of Christ, aud before His days on earth were very happy ‘ th tir religion, and made a great noi and bad much real joy in their services. There was never a greater take in the world than to believe that being a Christian necessarily meant being dull aud melancholy. There were cumbers who professed to follow Jesus Christ who found sol a little joy in the service of Christ, though tbete w*s nothing in lbe ways of religion or Christ to s aj that tbe service Bbould be dreary, dull and misurable. The service ot the Lord Jesus Christ was eesenlinUy a life of joy, a jolly, happy religion, however sad they might feel when they thought of the people outside the fold. Whatever they did they should cut tivate a religion like this, though tbe sid? sboated without any real spirituality feeling lbe ploaeare which comes from the deep-rooted cense of union with God and the knowledge of sine pardoned, and of a 50ul all n g b t with God. If their meetings were happy and jolly, people would say, “ If that’s religion, I waut it,” and they will have it. If they only could convince the young people th at in true religion there was ample scope for all the pleasure; they should have, scores more would b. found on the Lead’s side. Their “ General1 was coming to vieit them shortly, and be felt sure that all would love him &s; a niftu of God aud as a leader of men in His service, who had come to help and encourage them. With reipect to the great social scheme with which his name bad been associated, geollcmsn who had juet returned froi England told him that it prembed to be one of the greatest «nd most successful schemes of the world. He had gone fiom the bIuiub to the Shelters and to tbe Factories, and if “ General” Booth had done nothing else lie bad laid hold of men who had got down end been kept down till they had given up all hope of ever rising again, and h&d; provided them with food aud wcrk; and, greateet of all, bad inspired hope iu their breasts. This wfts being done in thousands of cases, though tl.e scheme was as yet only in its infancy. As an instance tbere was a Salvation Army match factory erected. Tbe work people a t work were paid nearly doable the price hitherto paid (2{d per grogs), bat better than this it afforded ai opportunity for getting tbe peopl-. together to pnacb the everlasting Gospel to them, and bring them to Christ. In the E vening Commissioner C >ombes read the latter part of the 25th chapter of Matthew, c m- mencing at the Sis', verse. He said that thero was one spedal tru th which ttood out prominently, and th at there was coming (no one Lrnew how soon) a day on which men would be dealt with as they were, and uot as they appeared to bo. Oa that day men's characters would stand oqt in their true colore, there boiog no opportunity to pass the counterfeit, or to hide the real thing. A great religious leader too, once said with tenth that when be got to Heaven thero woqld be three wonders.,—the first, to find so maoy peopl 1 there he did not expect; second, to see si many not there ho bad expected to see th ere; and lastly, to find himself there. I t would on tbat day avail nothing that men look kindly on the W ord of God now and then, doled out ft little sympathy for tbe poor, and give to gain the applause of men and women. Numbpre in tbe building were leading lives eolely of tbe world without thought of God, and after tbe judgment their uupsrdoned sine would be as a millstone about their seeks to weigh them down to hell—was it not better he asked, to get put right with God, and to make all well for time and eternity instead of being taken up entirely with matters political, social, and temporal. If they would only give themsslves to God He would look after their worldly affairs and maintain the rights of the poor. Oo the da* referred to tbe workeiB would be rewarded He wanted to pr- ss home t.) them that the righteous and the wicked should be separated as the shepherd eepaiatce the sheep from the goats, and the final judgment would b e , given consigning rightosus to eternal bliss, and wicked to eternal torment. All c^uld hear his voice should ©it upon themselves in judgment and learn the' extent of their iniquities, for their hearts knew it and their consciences could not be stifled, tf they would do this tbefiret word they would utter would be a plea for mercy, and tbat mercy tbe Lord would not refuse. "M ajor” Complin, ’*• Brigadier” Rockwell, and “ 8 ^ff-Captain” Moss also ad* dressed the meetings. To night Commissioner CoombeB wilt speak on the "Salvstion Army Social R form Work*” »/ N- .. SucAiTPTi Extract. its ©nUnenUy powerful effects in coughs, ool m Infiueou; therriiriiaUiatantanflour. Ia serious oases, and aoofdents -ol nil kinds, be thin wounds, burn*, attatiUnge, bruises, sprains, ft it the rofoet reniftdy—no swaUiaf—no inflammation. Ujro rasprisins efforts produced i r : oroup, di^hthorift, oronohitU, Inflammation to die lungs, swellings, etmj diarrhoea, dysentery, ditto*** of tho kidneys and urinary organs. I use a t hospitals modloal eutuoe all over ths globs; pfttrobsd by Bis Majsrty the hfpp of lUiy iorowiTOd with medal buo8 diploma at merpationa Exhibition, Amster* dsBL f t u t t t l P > •jtotaU qfe* tttMs, wfl 