princess's theatre.— the yeomen of tiie guard. Tbo present series of revivals ol old and favorite operas at the above theatre shows no signs of waning popularity, Gilbert and Sulli van's romantic work, The Yeomen of tlio Guard, being witnessed by a large . and appre ciative audience on Saturday evening. Although a further chango of bill is announced for tho end of the present week, tho opera is staged and mounted upon tho usual lavish scale. The cast differs in some important particulars from tiiat of the performance two years ago, the changes being, in more than one instance, undoubtedly in tho nature of improvements ; and nlthough the character of Elsie must, in the minds of most persons present, havo been associated with Miss Nellio Stewart, tlio management has filled hor place with a lady whose impersonation proved thoroughly to tbo tasto of hor audienco, whito it has undoubtedly increased her reputation as a clever and pleasing singer and an efficient and captivating actress. It is needless to give any sketch of so well known a plot as that of The Yeomen — comedy and tragedy, sorrow and mirth nio hero so admirably mingled, whilo the story is so in teresting in itself that in the opinion of not a fow judges tho libretto of this work will rank on equal terms with Mr. Gilbert's happiest concep tions. And although, on the whole, tho " book " is without doubt that of a " comio " opera, yot a note of sadness is hare and there touched, and with a master hand — the grief of the merryman on finding that his maid is indoed lost to him making an episode full of true pathos. Poor Jack Point ! he keeps us all so heartily amused witii his quips anil antics, that we cannot ciiooso but feci for him in his trouble. As legards tho tnusie, one need do no moro than mantion such universally admired numbers as the duot for Point and Elsie, I Have a Bong to .Sing, O ; Phoebe's air, IVcro I Tiiy Brido ; and the lovely unaccompanied quartet, Strange Adventure ; these would aiono well nigh sufiico to render tho opera popular, though they by no means exhaust tho list of its claims to musical recognition. Coming now to tlio castof the present Howard Vornon in their old parts of Jack Point and Wilfred Slmdholt ; Miss Ida Osborne is again the Phoebe Meryl!, and Mr. Lcumane the Colonel Fairfax ; while the smaller parts of Sir Richard Cholmondoley and Kate are, as before, taken by Mr. T. Grundy nnd Miss May Pollard. It is impossible to speak too highly of . Mr. Elton's impersonation of the jester every detail is so carefully studied, tiie humor comes so spontaneously, and tho anguish in the final scene is so real that this will always compare with; if it is not indeed the best of Mr. Elton's many clover assumptions. Ho lias, however, a legitimate cause of complaint against the conductor for allowing tlio accompaniment far too much prominence in the song, I've Wisdom From tho East and _ From the West. Mr. Howard Vernon as good as ever in tho part of the. repulsive jailor, and tho omission of tho exaggerated caresses which ho lavishes upon tho artful Phoebe, in tlio sceno whero site steals his keys, is a decided improve ment. Miss Ida Osliorno shows no falling off as the artful damsel above named, and her song, Wero I thy Bride, was, as usual, re- demanded. Mr. Lcumane sang and acted well as Colonel Fairfax, his most successful vocal effort being in the song Is Life a Boon which narrowly escaped an encore. Miss May Pollard makes an agreeable Kate, but sho is responsible for most of the deviation from accurate pitch in tho quartet, Strange Adventure. The part of Sir Richard Cliolraocdelcy is improssivoly filled by Mr. Grundy. Of those who are new to Melbourne audiences in tlio presont opera, interest centres chiefly iu Miss Flora Graupnor, who undertook the impor tant role of Elsie ; and if any persons present felt doubtful of her ability to do justice to the part, cither musically or histrionically, she very speedily set their doubts at rest. Indeed it may truthfully be said that sho is here seen and heard at licr best ; and among the many proofs sho has recently given of the versatility of hor talent, nono will moro surely advanco hor in public favor and esteem than her clear and artistic impersonation of Elsio Mnynard. Tlio part of DameCarruthers, in tlio hands of Miss Elsie Cameron, assumes a degree of importance not previously associated witli it iu Molbourno performances ; this lady is of involuablo service in the class of characters witli which she is identified, and hor appearanco as Lady Jane in Patience, could the management find it possible to reproduce that once popular work, would be an element of groat strength in the cast. Her two songs, Tho Screw May Twist, and Warders Are Ye, were deli- vorod witli artistic effect, and in tho unaccompanied quartet above named she made a heroic though unavailing effort to main tain the correct pitch, and may certainly be acquitted of nil blame for the variation that took place. Mr. Ryley appeared ill at ease in the character of Sergeant Meryll, and is not yet quite certain of his lines ; his voice shows signs of fatigue, and he would do well to take a rest beforo again undertaking tlio oxacting part of Ciuueppc, in tlio Gondo liers, whioh is to he tiie next revival. The small part of Leonard Meryll was cApably sus tained by Mr. IV. Rosevear. The choruses aro generally satisfactory, but the ragged and un even time of that to Shadbolt's narration, Like a Ghost liis Vigil Keeping, cannot be passed over in silence. Tlio orchestra is fairly efficient, hut needs restraining in Mr. Elton's song, tho words of whioh aro drowned by tho accompaniment. If Mr. Leon Caron, the conductor, can amend these points, and can get that little matter of the quartet set aright, the present will he taken ns an all round performance, about tlio most satisfactory of any that havo boen given under his direction. The principals were called before the curtain aftor the first net, the applause then liberally bestowed serving to testify to the appreciation theirefforts had aroused. Tho samo bill will ho repeated this ovening and the following four evenings, but there would seem no valid reason wiiy it should not run longer. According to present arrangements, however, Tlio Gondoliers is to be played on Saturday next. 