INGENIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPLIFTERS. (NEW YOIiK WORLD.) "Every vestige of the old-fashioned 4 kick ' has disappeared," said a detective to me the other day when I requested his views regarding a certain phase of metropolitan life. The shoplifter's 41 kick is the technical name of the capacious bag or pocket 6h.e who prefers to 44 buy" when the clerk has his back turned, has concealed under her clgak, or, rather, sewed to the same on the left side, or which men have under the left coat tail. . it is not by reason, or an edict of Beau M'Allisterthatthe old "kick" isgoingoutof use, but because section 508 of tbe penal code i makes it a criminal offence for any one to have it in his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in anger that shoplifters are parting with it ; but the 41 cops " having " got on " to it, it bad to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that the methods used in " workmjr " the old 44 kick " bad become so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw the necessity of keeping pace with a progressive age. So a more convenient contrivance was gotten up. It is called a "hoisting kick."1 This consists of a regular dress skirt, so far as appearance goes, covered by an apron overskirt, which is short and can be raised easily. "> HOW THE TRICK WAS DONE. In tbe front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opening to the immense bag which the underskirt consists of, it going around the entire body and down to the lieels. This was found more con venient than the side 44 kick," from the fact that it necessitated less movement and amotion that arouBed little suspicion. The thief would stand close to a counter whore small articles are exposed, generally lace or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, hold it on edge in ' front of her, call for something else," and while the salesgirl had her back turned would Blip it into the slit. As the 44 kick " is made of paper muslin the stolen article would slip . down easily. Should the thief miss the aper ture — a rare occurrence, for they are persons of nerve — the article would fall on the floor, ; and the thief would pick it up, replace it on the counter, and claim tnat it was an acci dent, which in reality.it was. ' j . This worked well until several shoplifters using this 44 kick" were arrested, and searched, which exposed the whole .thing, and now there are few of them in existence. So the evildoer's genius had again to he called into requisition, and a woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenue store showed how she had improved on that style. She wore a beautiful flounced dress, covered with a short apron overskirt, draped, and caught up here and there in snch a way as to form natural-looking puffs. This went around the entire body, and a little to the right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. "When searched an incredible amount of articles of all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in the under skirt. A detective told me that a notorious shop lifter was once caught . who had in her 44 kick" two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29dol. a yard ; two pairs of silk stock ings, one silk and one lace handkerchief, a piece of scented soap, and a Bromagem scarf- pin worth 4S cents, all of which she had stolen in various stores in Sixth Avenue. And, strange to say, It was the cheapest of the articles which betrayed her — the cake of soap, valued at IS cents. Another was caught with lo yards of silk, valued at 120 dollars, in her 14 kick."' THE BANDBOX TRICX. Another clever device which was gotten np , almost contemporaneously with the 44 kick" was the elastic band box. It was made like a gentleman's hat box, of card hoard, the cover being held close tq the box by two elastic bands in the interior of the box. The pur- loiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, especially where there were few sales girls. She would call tor certain cheap articles which would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. The shop lifter would then lift the cover of her box with one. hand, throw in as'many articles as she conld take hold of, and by means of the elastic bands the oover would be instantly and automatically closed, leaving no trade of the robbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by i reason of its innoeept appearance and raison cTctre , so to speak, and worked so admirably that it was a long time before the detectives 44 caught on," and many thousand- dollars' worth of articles were stolen by this means before an arrest was made. The fiist capture , was caused by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not seen the shoplifter put anything into the bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the cover was closed — apparently of itself. She notified a floor walker. The woman was called into a private room, accused, and searched, and in the bandbox were articles enongh to start a miniature country fancy goods store. Amongst other things, she had 13 scarfs, an inkstand, a cicar -holder, and a dice-box, stolen from different stores, which showed that her tastes extended over a wide field. Well, the bandbox has had a brilliant hat comparatively brief career, and few arrests were caused by its use, bnt those that were made occurred within a few days, and the workers of the contrivance saw that the game was np, and gave up the ghost. There is no . record of any having been used recently, the eatchel'g amz . This was in time succeeded by a simpler trick, one that has long been worked with success, because it creates no suspicion. , It is the satchel game. Although store detec tives sav it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worked daring the holidays, and will be' in full blast when the spring season opens. These ate used for stealing pocketboaks as well as goods. They are, in appearance, like ordinary hand satchels, but thev open and close by means of .a spring. Ike thief's right hand presses a button, and the left, which is always un gloved, does the rest. It is by this means that pocket- bookB are oftenest stolen in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. The pickpocket (for such he or she is) ' generally wbrks with a confederate. She first espies a woman with a pocketbook in her hand — and they are legion. She will follow that woman ih the generally grannea expec tation that she will ere long deposit it on the .counter where she stops to examine goods. The thief will- crowd near and snatch the pooketbook in a twinkling at the first oppor tunity and pass it to the confederate, who disappears and has not been notioed' near. The real thief can remain beside the victim with safety, as, should she be arrested, nothing can be found on her. A short time ago one of the cleverest satchel workers, well known at headquarters as 44 The Madame," was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolen pocketbooks. She dropped them on the floor when accused. They were recovered, and as it was doubtful if a case could be made against her, she was let go. She came again shortly afterwards and Btole a pocketbook containing a large amount of money belonging to the wife of a director of the Hudson River Railroad, who shrunk from the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and 44 The Madame " again escaped. She now gives the store a wide berth, however. A fine-looking blonde, known to the police us 41 Big Grace," and whose picture adorns Inspector Byrnes's collection, in another clever satchel fiend, whose cleverness and 44 swell " appearance long baffled the detectives. She had a pal (Maggie M ), with whom she worked this game successfully for a lung time until they both came to grief. THE VERY latest. As the best inventions are generally tbe simplest, so are the latest and most snocessful methods of shoplifting. There are three. One is done by-moana of the cloak known aa, (Joe Coxmetnara. Tlus ia made somewhat loose oloafe-- fiuiiilii . It enables the tfce? nbt' only to steal with a greater | degree of safety, but also to conceal s her | boog. , All rile has to do is totfjnear a crowded counter, throw the edge of her cloak partly over the article she covets, slip her hand underneath the cloak, take th# article, step back, and hold it in her hand. Unless she is caught in the act she cannot be arrested or even suspected. Another is still simpler. The thief lays her handkerchief carelessly on some small article she wants to steal, feigns a desire to buy something else, is not suited, and while the sales-girl replaces the goods on the shelf the thief picks up her booty with her handker chief. If 6he should happen to be caught, she naturally claims that she did not know she had the stolen article in her possession. The third one is worked by means of a handbag containing twine and wrapping paper. This bag is carried in the left hand, and filled with whatever goods' the shoplifter can secure. Then she will go into the toilet- room, or some side street, take out the goods, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a neat pareel, and try again or go away un molested. STILL ANOTHER. Another recently -gotten- up scheme is being worked on stores which .permit well-known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and refined -looking young lady recently went into a Sixth avenue store, saying that she was the daughter of Mrs. (I have the name, hut will omit it). Mrs. was a wealthy customer whom she must have seen buy on credit, and noted the address and name. The girl bought Godol. worth of silk, which she wanted to- take with her. The salesman told her it waa customary -to require references or identifica tion from parties unknown to them. Did sho know any one in the neighbourhood who could identify her ? No. She had jnst come out of boarding- school. The salesman con- . suited with the superintendent, and ito.vas agreed to let her have the goods, when by accident it was discovered that she had given, two different addresses. Nothing daunted, she acknowledged her mistake. arid said the first address was the right one. How stupid of her ! Bnt she wap unused to the city, and had another addrestD in her mind. Becoming suspicions, the salesman said the roles of the store would require him to send the goods. 44 Oh, very well. Perhaps it would bo more satisfactory to yon, come to think of it," she said, "and it will suit me jnst as well, if I only get them by 7 o'clock this evening." .The goods were sent to the address given.. The next day Mrs. went to the store with the goods, saying she had not ordered them, and asked for an explanation. Inves tigation revealed that 44 the girl just out of boarding school " had purchased many other articles at other counters which she had taken with her. . THE PRETTY 44 PENNYWEIGHTER." But perhaps the cleverest of all shoplifters5 tricks is the 44 pennyweighter" game. It is : known hnt lo few, and practised by a still smaller number, for it is a difficult one. It has been, most successfully worked by a pretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes, curly hair, and the general appearance of a bewitching sonhrette. Her professional name is 44 Little Scotty." She came to grief in Boston, and was given three years. Her mode of working is to go to a jewellery store and ask to he shown loo to diamonds on a tray. She pretends to he very shortsighted, and bends over and very close to the tray, examining the diamonds through an. eye-glass. She exposes her left hand so as not to be suspected, and at a propitious' moment drops a one-carat diamond into -. ho- .. tray, and with her tongue, on the point Ox which she has pulverised alum, she licks up a two -carat diamond. She cannot find the exact counterpart of the one she wants to : match (which she has not with her) and .goes into another store, where she exchanges, her two -carat diamond in a similar manner for a three-carat, and so on is! infinitum. "When she was caught she had started with with a one -carat diamond and had reached six and a half carats, making three or four- hundred dollars in a few hours. AS to KLEPTOMANIA- . Store detectives say that there are .com paratively few professional shoplifters in- this "city now, and once they are caught they- disappear — as soon as the law permits— and- never return. They go to other cities. They- say that supposedly respectable women now l . give them more 'trouble than thieves. It requires much more skill and discrimination _ . to handle them,, lest they might accuse an innocent person. Thcv. Bcout the theory of kleptomania, and say that not one woman in' a thousand who steals does so inadvertently. PhvfdoloEists. however, contend that there is snch a thine as kleptomania, which they describe as a spBcies of mental derangement coming under 'the head of 44 volitional in sanity." It is, they say, an inability to exert s the will in accordance with the intellect. Although this theory would seem to bo sustained by the fact that wealthy women- have frequently been caught shoplifting, : store detectives say that inquiries have re vealed the fact that snch' women were not , given the allowance of money hv their bus- ban da that would enable them to dress as well as they wished to be. A woman was caught stealing a 19 cent, knife in a Fourteenth street store one day, who wore 5,000dol, Or 6,0G0dol..worth of diamonds. But she turned ont to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishment, that there are comparatively few of our large - stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their sales-girls and floor walkers to do that work. Still, I found one . hich, besides having a man detective, also employed a woman, who mixes among customers in full street costume. Not all store thieves are caught, and those who are captured are not always prosecuted. And this entails a loss to each first-class store " which runs tip into thousands, and which has a place in the 44 profit and loss " account. 