v.. 7 VOIOB FROM THE , APOSTOLIC „ CHURCH OF ROME TO THE II..,. , MODERN PAPAL CHURCH OF ROME. \-- "-CContinued.) Sobh was the delightfnl confidence with which the saints nnder the Mosuio dispensa- »:i ation addressed'God ; and are we to believe rA'! tbat'nbw God has manifested the fnlness of ;!C'i his love in sending bis dear Son to die for ns, believers are separated from Christ, through ;i.i' whom by the Spirit they have access to the Father, and that ihey need the Virgin Mary to appease the anger of her Son and to inter cede with Him for them ?' The Apostles : continnally set forth the blessed privileges of ! : Christians, their nearness and oneness with Christ, their full permission as the adopted ,1! children of God to approach him con- : tinnally through Christ ; they exhorted them constantly to look to Jesus, to go to Jesus, to r trust in Him as their all in all, to rejoice in : ; Him, and throngh Him to approach with r > boldness thn throne of grace ; and they did : not say a word about the mediation or inter cession of the Virgin Mary. Ponder, dear , -brethren, attentively and prayerfully, the . -following beanlifnl and preoiona portions of the New Testament, with which we shall close \- our address to you ; they are well worthy of yonr serions study, and yon will do well to \- treaenre them up in year memories and hearts. ' '"Abide in me and I in yon. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in : the vine ; no more can ye, except ye abide in . .. me. I am the vine, ye are the branches : be that abideth in me and I in him the same briugeth forth much frnit, for without me ye can do nothing. If a man abide not in me, be is oast forth as a branch and is withered ; -and men gather tbr m and cast them into the '! fire, and they are burned. If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto yon." (John XV. 4, 6, 6, 7.) " Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you. Hence forth I call yon not servants, for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth ; but I have called yon friends ; for all things that I have heard of my Father, I have made known rnnto yon." (John xv. 14, 15.) " He that . entered in by the door is the shepherd of the : sheep. To him the porter openeth and the. sheep hear his voice, and he oalleth his own i :( sheep by name and leadeth them oat. And J when he pnlteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him \- for they know bis voice, and a stranger will they not follow but will flee from him." (John X. 2, 3, 4, 5.) Again Christ says, " I : am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine. As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father, and Ilay down my life for the sheep, and other sheep I have, which are not of this fold : them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice, and there ehall be one fold and one shepherd." (John x. 14, 15, 16.) "Jesus answered and eaid unto him. If a man love ; I me, he will keep my words : and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make onr abode with bim (John xiv. 33.) " But now, in Christ Jesue, ye who sometimes / were far off, are made nigh by the blood of Christ. For ho is onr peace, who hath made . : both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between ns ; having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the ..law of the commandments contained in J .. ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace ; and that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby ; ' and csme and preached peace to yon whioh were afar off, and to them that were nigh. For throngh him we both have access by one spirit unto the Father. Now, therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the household of God, and are built upon the fonndation of the apostles and prophets, Jesns : Christ himself being the chief cornerBtone, in whom all the building fitly framed together, groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit." (Eph. , ii. 13 to 22.) "For this canse I bow my . , knees unto the Father of onr Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant yon, : ; /according to the riches of his glory, to be .. strenghtened with might by his Spirit in the inner man, that Christ may dwell in yonr hearts by faith ; that ye being rooted and 1- . gronhded in love, may be able to comprehend: . .with all saints what is the breadth, and , :'length,- and depth, and height, and to know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, t . that ye might be filled with all the fulness of , God." (Eph. ill. 14 to 19.) " God is faithful, -iby whom ye were called nnto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord." (1 Cor. .1. 9.) " Know ye not that ye are the temple of ii: iGod, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in r : , yon." (1 Cor. ill. 16.) "What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy .Ghost wnich is in you, which ye have of God, ' ii'and ye are not your own? For ye are 1 bonght with a price : therefore glorify God .y;;; lin yonr body, and in your spirit, whioh are I God's." (1 Cor. vi. 19.) " Now he which .. Btablisheth ns with yon in Christ and hath anointed ns, is God : who also hath sealed ns, and given the earnest of the Spirit in ouri . (I ( hearts." .(2 Cor. i. 21.) " But we all with ii> (.opehiface beholding as in a glass the glory of i::ml the 'Lord; are changed into the same image 'v> hfrom glory: to glory, even as by the Spirit of . tsi , lithe, Lord." (2 Opr. iii, 18.) " For God, who ''comm&nded; the light to shine but bf darkness, 'rh'alh shined in our hearts, to give the light of the . glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ." ' (21 Cor. iv. 6.) "That we should be holy and "without blame before him in love, having predestinated ns to the adoption of children by Jesns Christ to himself." (Eph. i. 4, '5.) " For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesns." (Gal. iii. 26.) " Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children." (Eph. T. 1.) "Ye are the temple of the living God ; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Where fore come ont from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and tench not the nnclean thing ; and I will receive yon, and .will be a father nnito yon, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Almighty." (2 Cor. vi. 16, 17, 18.) " Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord alway, and again 1 say, rejoice. Lot yonr moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at band. Be oarefnl for nothing ; but in every thing by prayer and snpplioation, with thanksgiving let your reqnests be made known nnto God, and the peace of -God, whioh passeth all nnderatand- ing, shall keep year hearts and minds through Jesus Christ." (Phil. iv. 7.) "Giving thanks nnto the Father, who hath made ns meet to be pat takers of the inheritance of the saints in light, who hath delivered ns from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins." (Col. i. 12, 13, 14.) " As ye have therefore received Christ Jesns the Lord, so walk ye in him, rooted and bnilt np in him, and etablished in the faith as ye have been tangbt, abounding.- therein with thanksgiving." (Col. ii. 6j "7.) "Ye -have pat off the old man with his deeds, and have put on the new man, whioh is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him : where there is neither Greek nor Jew, cironmoision nor nncironmoieiun, barbarian, Soytbian, bond nor free, but Christ is all, and in all." (Col. iii. 10, 11.) "For both he that eanotifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one, for which canse he is not ashamed to call them brethren." (Heb. xi. 11.) "Truly onr fellowship is with the Father and with his Son Jesns Christ." (1 John i. 3.) " Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon as, that we shonld be called the sons of God ; therefore the world knoweth us not, beoanse it knew him not." (1 John iii. 1.) "God is love, and he that dwelleth in God, and God in him." (1 John iv. 16.) " Behold, Istand'atthe door and knock ; if any man hear my voice aod open the door, 1 will come in to him, and will snp with him, and he with me. To bim that overcometh will I grant to ait with me on my throne, even as 1 also overcame, and am set down with my Father in bis throne. He that hatb an ear let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches." (Rev. iii. 20, 21.) 