THE INDIAN TROUBLES IN AMERICA. The files brought by tho English mail coij tain interesting information relative to the fa natical rising of Indians in the United States, which has since developed into active warfare in some districts. the messiah craze. A New York telegram dated 21st November says : — The latest telegrams received hero stat-i that the Indians at Pine Ridge continue in aa excited state, and still indulge iu war dances. Other Indians are reported to bo on the way thither. Somo of the troops have already arrived there. The " Messiah " craze is spreading, and the authorities continue to act with caution. It is probable that no attempts will be made to stop the war dances until more troop3 arrive. The situation is regarded as serious. Armed Indians are reported to be dancing war dance3 at other points. The wives and children of all the traders and other whites about Pine Ridge have gone to places of safety. "When the warlike Indians were told that tho troops were coming, thev resnouded with threats, nnd dnelnretl thnfc the "Messiah" was advising aud encouragiug tliem, and that they would not stop thoir war dances. The Indians aro actually crazed with religious fanaticism, and utterly reckless of con sequences. They assert that tho " Messiah " has told them to dance, so as to be on tho top when lie comes and rolls a wave over the earth and the white men. General Miles reports that he has received reliable intelligence that Sitting Bull has sent emissaries to 48 lodges of the Sioux tribe north of the British frontier, exciting them to get arms and ammunition, and to join the other warriors near Black Hills in the spring, Every effort, says the general, Is being made to allay the excitement aud restrain the turbulent, but a violent or ovort act on the part of any small party of desperate ones may, he considers, cause a general uprising. The latest reports received by General Miles from the Northern Cheycnnes is that they have abandoned the "Messiah " delusion. Ho de clares, however, that there should be no delay in putting other troops in proper equipment for the field. the ghost dance described. The ghost dance lias seldom beeu witnessed by a wbito man ; but an American paper de scribes one of them as scon from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situated iu a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux aro farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valloy. Some of the older braves aud squaws, who have never reconciled them selves to modern ways, had tents apart. Tho oxen, pigs and poultry wore cooped or tethered oh the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark; and though the old squaws had carofully raked out tho fires, a blaze arising from them now and thon revealed tho fact that tho braves were in . full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at tho east ern end of the camp, those in frout kneeling, with tho young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about 10 minutes, during which perfect silenoe and absolute immobility - - prevailed. Then tho old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valloy. They began chanting what sounded liko a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. Thet warriors advanced, aud, joining, hands in a large circle L a L. I _ 1 A V- — 1.1 ........ _ . _ X 1. 1. . - ' il . 1. _ - i uouuiu uw iuu squaws, fcucy usgun tue guosw dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the sqnaws, nnd then camo the invo cation to: the dead braves to arise and oxter minato tho white man. The old women,, mean while, had each procured a burning stick "that bad apparently boon dipped in somo kind o( pitch. Returning with these, they." stole like shadows under the linked arms of 'the' "wa'rriors, end passed through the circle like' a . process ion of sphinxes. This wa3 repeated again; anil again, and ; it is said that the dance lasts tiUidaylight' when over- oito concerned in it is ' more "or loss - exhausted. That the war paiut'of tlie braves means a deadly intention to the ijhitei js ahfor- ; tunatoly but loo olear. ' . 1 xx india.v ui.TniATCM.' o: .. From Pino Ridge, -South Dakota, '.wheto, as ; wo haye ;beeh informed by cable, "sofimi!f dis- T- turbanced have recently taken pla'clijjtelegrain T was recoived, dated 22n J N oyem b I : , ' lows : — The Siottx and CheycimoTlndiaMTmeaq£> war.' Dr. Rogers, tho' ageut, rcceKm8tq43Glv"-':M courier from 'the groat ' caiiip7' of ' tteCGhock® Dancers as ultimatum from thc hostile chief little Wound, who apparently intends to lead tbe Og&llelxs; against the soldiers. He says j— Dr. Boners, — I understand the soldiers haT come cn to our reservation. What hare they come for 1 We have done ooihicg. Our dance is a religious dance, and we are gciag to dance until spring. If we find Christ does no; appear we shall stop danc ing. lint iroorts or no troops we shall star; to dance on this creek in the morning. We also understand that I am no: to b? recognised as chief any lonrer. Neither you or any one of tbe white people made xae chief, and you cannot throw me away as you please. But 1 tell you. Dr. B'jgers, the Indians maie me their chief, and by them 1 shall be so rccognbd as long as I lire. We have Wen told you intended to stop our rations and annuities. Well, we do not care for that. The little rations we get do sot amount to anything. Cut if such is tbe case you might a? well sea-1 ice word, so thai ray people may be saved the trouble of going to the agency. We do not intend to stop daccicg. (Signed) Little Wocnd. little "Wound is r.cw, with 53 lodges of followers, encamped at Medicine Root Creek, en route to join tbe main body of tbe hostile Indians on the "White River. The dancers hare been formally notified to stop their orgies, and the above letter is the answer to tbe notification. Dr. Rogers will net reply to li. Ho said last night, The Sioux rutin ..war. They hare been ordered to stop dancing and hare refused to do so. It now ; only remains for the troops to enfore thc order." The panic among ike settlers has become geueraL Two companies of the Sth C-aralry Regiment are at Oelrics waiting for orders to march to Tine Ridge. Six hundred troops are expected at RushviUe to-morrow morning. General Brooke is constantly in conference with : scouts and runners. Tue officers of tbe military telegraph are working incessantly, but all informa tion in regard to what is going forward Is refused, i indian. preparations fob fighting. A telegram, dated New York 25rd Novem ber, says Despatches of the TTorManu the AfcTTun? Jourr>aJ state that seren settlers were murdered by Indians yesterday near Ltbeau, a settlement iu South Dakota. A Herald special ceys that the settlers of Potter and Dalworth cooniie.-, in South Dakota, are fleeing for ibeir lives. Fire hundred Indians, armed for war, eroded the Missouri River at tbe mouth of Grant River yesterday morning. No soldiers were near. If, therefore, the Indians mean to massacre the settlers the only chance ! they hare is in High:, and their chance of escape i in that way is a very poor one. The special of j the San states thai the Indians who are massing at White River are experienced Indian Sgh«r£ j Ji is reported that the Sioux are selecting fight- J ing ground, and that hundreds of them are i muring north. Tbey declare their intention to i fight if the soldiers follow. Toe masking at; "White Rjver indicates a scheme to seize 5030 cattle at a big adjacent herding station, which would provide theia with provisions that would last the r. through the winter. An alarming telegram from Pine Pddge is . published in tbe AVir York San on 23rd Novem ber. It states that it is probable that the troops will rake the field against the excited Indians today. Everything j»oiais to a long campaign asaiust the Sioux, who are especially inflamed at tbe presence of the colored cavalry. The situation is regarded as so grave that even old Indian fighters refuse to give an opinion as 10 the final issue. They say it is certain that if the Sioux attack the troops now there will not be a soldier, civilian, woman or child left to tell tbe story. Fifteen hundred heavily armed warriors are within a radius of 40 miles of the ' agency, while the force opposed to them, in- ' eluding troops, Indian police and civilians, does i net ex reed nOO. On the same date General Miles reported that "the separation of the friendly from the tur bulent Iutiisns is proceeding rapidly at Pine Ridge, and that the commander at that place apprehends no immediate trouble, being of opinion that the separation vkl make the ta>k ; . of restraining the turbulent warriors e&rier.; The news of the extension of the Messiah delu sion to the Canadian Indians is said to be con- finned." views of ecitalo fill. A Chicago telegram, dated 24 th November, save : — Buffalo Rill has been ordered to tbe reat-of the Indian trouble. He staited lastnsght to Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination U Nebraska. The State militia is said to be ready for service at an hours notice. In an interview Colonel Codv said : — " I shall arrive at Omaha on Monday. Thence I shall probably pto- ceed direct to KoshvUIe, 31 miles from Ifioe Ridge. When do I expect tbe trouble will begin? Well, it is like guessing if grass is 4 inches longer than vou would expect it to be every night It is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak. No bad Indian, still retaining a modicum of j-euse. will go on the war path uuless he has food for his horse and himself. With the fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sun set to sunrise, it is different They believe they are serving the Great Spirit They believe 1 be) are celebrating the coming of the Messiah. There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. What appears moii ominous to me is the widespread influence of the Messiah move ment The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the Western tribes, from the coast to the Mississippi and from Bri tish Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to the coming of the Great Leader. They will danee, yell and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war ; so thai it looks bad either' way. Of all bad Indians, Sitting Bull is the worst. Rock Bear and Red Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, . will do whaterer is necessary to defeat Sitting ... BulL These were with roe. Sitting Bull will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and his conduct now portends trouble. By cable we hareTearned that Sitting Bull was killed in a recent engage ment. " Old Red Cloud, who is disposed to be friendly to the whites, was the leader of the ' Fort Phil Kearney massacre. He has a eon . with tbe Ghost Dancers, who is looking forward " to a chance of winning his spurs. The best fighting blood of the Sioux and Cheyennee is represented among the Dancers." FRIENDLY INDIANS AS GOVERNMENT SCOUTS. . A "Washington telegram, dated 26th Novem ber, says — Mr. Proctor, Secretary for War, has received news from. Cheyenne River that the Indians have abandoned the ghost dances, and have come in for rations. This is regarded as . a most hopeful sign of abatement of tbe excite ment Great benefit is belleVed to have resulted from the employment of friendly Indians as scouts. Mr. Proctor has authorised General Miles to increase the number of Indian j>o!ice in Dakota io. 1203, with a payment of 13 doL per month, and the privilege of wear ing the anny blouse and being in acknowledged . connection with the United States Government It is believed that these inducements wili prove . too powerful for the average Indian to resist, and it is hoped and expected that the 1203 enrolled will exercise a peaceful influence through their family and tribal relations. The agent at Cooper has telegraphed to the Indian commissioner here that the turbulent braves are roll restless, though the loyal Indians are quiet and satisfied. The agent) however, does not anticipate bloodshed. the tins ridge indians on the was path. Despatches from Pine Ridge, on 26:h Novem ber, state that intelligence reached there thai six hundred Indians were on the march from Rose Bud to that place, and had plundered the houses deserted by the fugitive settlers, killing all the cattle they could lay their hands upon. Scouts announce that the ghost dancers have massed their forces on the Porcupine, and that little "Wound, who was yesterday reported to be the only chief of ihe ghost daneera who still remained oat, has consented to come and confer with ihe agent and General Brooke, and will arrive to-day. Tbe Sun's correspondent at Pine Ridge say thai there are constant movements of troop3 there, and that wild reports are current that the arrival of the various regiments has terrified the Indians encamped in the neighborhood so much that they are on thc point of stampeding. They seem to think, be states, that the massing of so many troops means their extermination, and that they will be shot like dog. The scout report that they hare braided the manes and tails of their horses, and this is one of the first signs of their raking the war path. The entire 2nd Infantry Regiment, from Fort Omaha, it at Pine Ridge, and eight companies of light Artillery are hurrying thither from Fort Riley, while other troops are also reported to be marching to that place. The troopers of ihe 9th Cavalry Regiment are encamped at Wolf Creek, a mile to the south of the Pin Ridge Agency. The Indian police there, who number 103, arc well organised and armed. The military preparations are described by people on the spot a of such a tremendous character that even the whites are unable to guess the nature of the intended movement against the Indians. No information is obtainable from General Brooke's headquarters : but it is evident thai if the Sioux make a false step there will soon be force enough a: the sea: of disturbance to deal with them in a thorough manner. Many persons believe that an attempt will be made to disarm the Indians. battle \77th the cheyenne. _ A telegram from New York dated 27th November says : — A despatch from Hassonia. Montana, cabled by the Sctr York HeraUl, says ihat a fierce battle Is in progress between the United States Regulars and the Northern : Cheyenne Indians, near Fort Keogh. Three ; companies of Regulars have been ordered from Fort Mussonla to the scene of the trouble. Advices from various points say that lively skirrnbhing is in progress all along the line ; the Indians have been driven back, and several have been captured. The cau-e of tbe trouble i is not stated, but it is believed that the diffi culty has nothing to do wiih the Ghost Dancers, and is probably the result of an alterant bv a party of Cneyennes to rescue some Indian prisoners in the gaol at Miles city. A "Washington telegram of the same date says: — No despatches have been received by Mr. Proctor. Secretary for "War, regarding the reported fight nt Fort Keogb, and no credence is attached to ihe rumor. At the same time, news has been received that the Indians in the vicinity of Fori Reno, Indian territory, are un settled on Account of the Messiah craze. Trouble is not anticipated, although they are conducting their religious dances with much terror, and are being joined by the Indians of other reserva tions. arrest of " medicine men." A despatch from Tucson, Arizona, state that reports have reached there that the Indians in the White Mountain Reservation are growing restless. The officer of tbe agency are appre hensive that the medicine men are trying to arouse the Indians by tutting religious dances, and several have, consequently, been arrested, j From Pierre, South Dakota, it is reported ihat i the citizens are alarmed at the attitude of tbe j Indians on the White River, under Short Bull, ! who show a dangerous spirit and go about heavily armed. They hare killed scores of cattle. Tbe 6;h Regiment of Cavalry, which is now at Fort Union, has been ordered to join the troops leaving for Foil Wingate to-day, and to proceed with the utmost haste to Fort Meade, Dakota. General Mixner, commanding at Fort Russell, is stated to have expressed the opinion that, if fighting once begins, a hundred thousand troops will be required to complete the conquest of the Indians, but the result will then be the total annihilation of the tribes concerned. policy of the united states government. From the last report of the Commissioner for Indian Affairs to the Secretary of the Interior at Washington it appears that it has become the settled policy of the Government to break up the reservations, de-troy tribal rela- tions, settle Indians upon their own homesteads, incorporate them into the nation, and generally deal with thern as individual citizens, not as nations or iribes. "Tbe American Indian is to become the Indian American." A public school system is being provided, under which every Indian boy may obtain the rudiments of an Eng lish education, and be enabled to make an honest living for himself. The Indians, it is said, understand this policy, and are adapting themselves readily to it., "Daring the past year," says the commissioner, "I have bad per sonal interviews with prominent chiefs and representative Indians everywhere, and almost without exceptiou they have pleaded for inore and better schools. " Adequate instruction is novr provided in all ordinary handicrafts, and with few exceptions everr reservation school is crowded, and hundreds of children who ore willing to go to school are prevented by want of proper accommodation. There were 16,377 Indian children on the school roils during the past year, and au average attendance of 12,232, which is but a fraction over a third of the school population. At ihe date of the re port there were loo Indian reservations in the United States baring a total area of 106,033,030 acres, or 101.260 square miles. During last year about 13,003,030 acres were secured by cession from thc Indians, and agreements bv which abont 4,503,030 more would be obtained were awaiting the ratification of Congress. Nearly 3003 allotments of lands in severalty were made during the year under various acts of Congress 