• ^xmxxtmi MB. PABNEIIL STILL PEESI8TS. THE release from prison of Messrs. Dillon and O'Brien is an event which has been anxiously looked forward to by all who take an interest in the Irish question. It was anticipated that the opinions of Messrs. Dillon and O'Brien in reference to the question of leadership would decide Mr. Parnell Vfftte. These gentlemen have been released from prison, and they have spoken—and spoken in no unmistakable tone against their late leader; but still Mr. Paroell announces his intention to pursue his obstinate career as a disturber of the peace of the country. On every test question on which Mr. Parnell has appealed to the people- Kilkenny, Sligo . Carlow—he and his nominees have been defeated. While Messrs. Dillon and O'Brien were in prison it was hinted that they—and especially Mr. O'Brien—did not disapprove of the tactics which he adopted, but now these gentlemen are at liberty and can be heard, Mr. Parnell finds himself alone, and without a leading colleague by his aide. His friends are growing less oach day. The latest defection from his party is Mr. E. Dwyer Gray, end although there is some doubt what policy the Freeman's Journal—the paper owned by his father, and in which his mother and himselE own half the shares—will pursue at present, sooner or later the paper will cease to support the •ex-leader. Mr. Gray, no doubt, saw rthat it was impossible for Mr. Parnell to regain his lost position, and that his attempts were only seriously injuring the Home Rule cause. Should the Freeman's Journal recede from the position which it adopted in supporting Mr. Parnell, that politician will be in jsore straits to have his speeches and actions reported. He threatens to eablish. United Ireland as a morning Journal; but Mr. Parnell must know that it is easier said than done. A daily paper to succeed cannot be started at the whim of anyone, without a Urge amount of capital to carry it on. Should United Ireland become a daily paper it will have but a short life. The only eonrse open to Mr, Parnell is to retire, •and not persist in futile attempts to again itake the position forfeited by his own eondoaL ACCOBDING- to the most I; PH06MCTS or. careful calculations of HOXE RULE, the leaders of the Liberal party in Great Britain, tie Unionist majority in the British Parliament will disappear when the next general election takes place. "That general election cannot be long postponed, and it is on the cards thfct it may occur at ft very early date. 'Wlhen it does the Parliament which now does not really represent {hie majority in the country will stand pretty tatich as it did in 1885. Then the Liberal Irish majority in the House was 170$ while, after me general election of 188$, j (hp Unionist majority was 100 the other way. Since that time sixty-one by-elections have been fought in constituencies where there were con teste both in 1885 and in 1886,and the results afiepxtremely interest-' ing and encouraging. There were five flections in the May of tilie present year, where in 1885 the total Liberal rote !Was' 3.9,325, giving the Tones a beating "by 2577, the total Conservative rote ujitg 17,248. In 1886 the Liberal votewas only 15£1A, giving the Tory vote, which had swelled to 18,767, a majority of 2840. In Uay, 1891, the Liberal vote had gone back as nearly as possible • .to its former dimensions, being 19,684, the itorf vote being 18,875, and the Liberal (majority 809. Forty-four constituencies had in 1885 cast a total Liberal wote 165,588, and declined in 1886 to f34,i$A, had by November, 1S9Q, cut Liberal votes to the number of 167,067. The Conservative vote, which was is 1S85 in a minority of .25,141, had by U886 got a small najority of 776 over the Liberal vote, felt &e; Conservatives an now in « oiMRty of22,«4S. Even theeroosi ^t u f fawtall'a wadset in the u'£hea «ase^^hM not diverted the vote very mafarially, people ^ evidently tasking -the measure before the (feme. There feave hem eight dec- £oaa naee the 'O'Shea divorce case CUM «n down to May laat, «nd the liberal rote, which was &£76 in 1886, «ad -declined to S6,«8p in l^ji now or within a fraction of 4ta Ami*. eelcaUiions enable sStitud joqrtet to eee with alpjdit Tndict of 188« and the speedy resuscitation of the Liberal position. Nor is there any chance of the Tories gaining by delay, since the signs of the times are all in favour of the continued predominance of Liberal opinion. AUBTBALIAN OFFICERS. THESE is no doubt that General Tulloch is really and conscientiously anxious to rear up for future service' here a band of Australian officers. He has been, -in this direction, sympathetic and generous to a degrfee. Trained as he has been in the Imperial service he recognises, as all such officers should recognise, that the defence of a country such as Australia is best entrusted to the sons of the soil, and that every effort should be made to encourage an Australian spirit, not of aggressive militarism, but of true patriotic soldierly feeling. It has been rather a dead horse to work in the past, but the recent successes of the Australian officers, who have been 6ent to England for study, afford ample proof that we [have amongst us the required element, if only it is encouraged and developed. Colonels Snee and Bull are both exemplars of what Victorian officers could do in the old world some years Bince, and Major Hoad may be fairly taken as a more recent example in the same direction. An ambition is rising in this direction and who shall say it is not a laudable one. No wonder, then, that General Tulloch .is a trifle " rubbed up the wrong way," when he finds that in his way stands the Treasurer and his plans of economy. Mr. Munro "cannot see his way," etc., etc. How many Treasurers have not repeated the same old story, and with the same old result. F Does it in this case do any good P The General's scheme of sending home, and to India, the young Australian officers of his staff is checked, and even the local encampments for the current year are in danger of being stopped for want of coin. In short, the military commandant says in fair, straight, soldierly language that his fundB have been curtailed, that his men have been reduced number, and that he is afraid he will not be as useful in the future as he wants to be. Of his usefulness, up to date, there can be no doubt; the question is whether this usefulness is to be continued. As a soldier, General Tulloch wants to have, his men and armament in the passable order. He is here for that purpose. On the other hand, the humble taxpayer asks questions, and the responsible Minister has to answer them. Victoria is a trifle pushed just now, and who is to stand the brunt of itp All classes; and, therefore, to some extent the military must stand in. But only to some extent. A country can play (he fool with all sorts of things, hut not with its defences against possible interference from outride. It. would npt be wise just now to cut down our defensive expenditure unduly, but it would be more unwise, in fact, suicidal, to allow any spirit of false economy to interfere with the necessary deyelopment of our defence forces. " We don't want to fight," etc., etc., but we must "have the money, too." Aproposof this object the Defence department ought certainly to look after the interests of the Anstralians who 'devote jtbejpgelves to a military career., It find thgMfoehe looked forward to when he fttatfeg. if fa be reduced in value when he^aios it, fine ^ojpmand of the "Victorian.Artillery Mid pha*g«« afford an example of this, #ya|ljppans let us admit that the teacher—-nomstter whence he comes—is deserving of his racial hire ; hut let as also not forget that if jre want young men to follow the military cancer for defenee purposes, we must thow then spjpething like fair prizes to strive lor. Arras seventeen days' TEE JI'KKCKAH earnest attention jto a wax CASK, mass.: of , voluminous evidence, and; to] the maateiiy speeches of l)r. Madden/Mr. Partes,, and the Obit* Justice.ihe jury hare decided that the 111* Captain M'Meelcan was not of aoond he made a new will on 1st June) )8W,:«id that he was not able to mider- «tehd what be «u doing when the signatures hispreviowwillof W70 were .torn off., The imB ii will of »fi70 is te- estabfiihod, mnd tfcat of 1888 upMt,aj^ failing a wr^d of the present vetdist t» HMIi w® »*g® property of whin jpoawnad will he divided «SW°£ hu relatives in the nfopartwM ** origiaally-inteoded lobeqseath to flailed evidence of the «q»n> beyood all gentleman had a specific disease Of the brain, and that he never really recovered himself after a fit he had in the March of 1888 at the Melbourne Club. The most noticeable joints in the case were the facts that the judge had to reprehend the; conduct of two professional witnesses for the defence, each of whom showed a very considerable animus in the -box,, and each of whom, in his Honour's opinion, went beyond the bounds of professional etiquetto. The method in which the caBe was handled by counsel was simply superb. No lawyers the world has seen could have fought out the itsue more clearly, more ably, and more fully than Dr. Madden and Mr. Parves, and the Bumming up of the Chief Justice was a masterpiece of judicial ability. The family of the testator will, if they are wise, settle their differences in a friendly manner, without any further appeal to the law; and those who are blessed with the world's goods should take a lesson from this litigation, and make their testamentary arrangements while they are in full possession of all their faculties. Probably the person most distressed in mind'by the result will be the gentleman whose unfortunate suggestion that the enfeebled old gentlemen should alter the will he had made eighteen years before, and had never himself thought of changing, led to the execution of a document which the jury have now declared to be invalid and worthless. ST. PATBICK'S CATHEDBAII. THE building committee of St. Patrick's Cathedral are to be complimented upon the zeal and energy which have characterised their undertaking up to the present. In all works of this kind the ardent enthusiasm which marked each individual in the beginning is apt to cool somewhat as time goes on, but such has not been the case in the present instance, for the members of the committee are displaying as much, if not more, activity now than they did when the movement for the completion of the Cathedral was first set on foot. An active canvass is being made of the whole metropolitan area, ana with much success. Victorian Catholics are never slow to give for a work of a religious or charitable character, and it is not their custom to give niggardly. They are free and open-nanded in cases of this kind, and never lack zeal to romote the beauty of God's house, P'he Catholics of the archdiocese are engaged in erecting a temple to the Holy Ghost and a monument to one whose memory they cherish, and having put their hands to the good work they need no pressure to induce them to continue and oomplete the undertaking. It may be surmised, then, that the task of the committee in collecting subscriptions is an easy and pleasant one. All who can afford it are willing to give, and give cheerfully. There are, however, many whom the collectors cannot interview personally, and who, it is felt, would, if the matter was brought under their notice, gladly contribute towards the cost of the magnificent building now in the course of completion. St. Patrick's Cathedral is not merely a church for the people of Melbourne, but for those of the whole colony, who should accordingly share in the expense of its erection. It is a temple already majestic in its proportions, a specimen of, architectural art only excelled by those stately Waters which, in Europe, were built in the $ges of faith, whfen Catholic Princes andi3atbolic Guilds were munificent and enthusiastic in #11 they did for the Church. It is a work of which Victorian Catholics may justly be proud, and along with being a grand monument #f our ancient faith, it may alio be regarded as a national work, and so for divers reasons, not alone Catholics, but all colonists, should readily and generously asrist in completing the great fane. AiUKAjm His BEIB. JUBT when the metropolitan brewers were justly triumphing in the repent - of the Government Analyst which acquitted themof asiag any deleterious ingredients in the manufacture of beer. and oompli. men ting themxipon the improvement in 4fce commodity they produced, a coupleof eounterbrewen were found withGraurof ISJdM? »n Jheir posaession, and fined £50 each,with £418s. costs, aa the law provides in such cam. There is,hoW- Weft no reason to suppose that theVve "P*»#|W*tireofthet»da at large.and open to nnpieka. The btert examined by Mr. Blacietti proted to h brewed frem malt, sugar, and hops, all of very good quality, the sugar bem e j! the proportion to Jthe malt of from 80 to 55 per cent. There seems to be little reason to doubt that brewers would use malt entirely, or almost entirely if they could get enough , of it of good quality, since the organ states that the prices of ^oeits during the past year , have not been in favour of the use of that material, Bnt the entire barley crop of Victoria does not equal the requirements -of the Victorian brewers, and much of the barley grown is unfit for their purposes. Consequently, the use of sugar is a necessity, and there is no present means of avoiding it. Bat, tie best Victorian malt is admittedly of first-class quality, and it is for the fanners to take counsel and to see whether they cannot supply all the malting barley required. There is, of course, no adulteration whatever in nsing sugar for brewing. Beer is now defined as being " a fermented saccharine infusion to which has been added a wholesome bitter." There is nothing to prevent a brewer, if he pleases, from leaving out the malt entirely, and using only' sugar for the work, with gentian instead of hops, excepting the difficulty he -would have in selling the compound. Good malt, in the proportion of four bushel) to the hogshead, flavoured with fine, well-grown and well-cured hops, makes the best, the most nutritions, the most wholesome and the mo8t palatable beer, and it is pleasant to know that, while our finest beerB approach closely to the highest standard, those of poorer quality contain no deleterious ingredient, nd none the UBC of which is proscribed by law. ' MB. SPEIGHT and hit OUB POSTAI. brother commissioner! DBPAETMENT. might profitably take a lesson from the heads of our Postal department. Notwithstanding our expensive ocean mail service, cable subsidies, and innumerable other heavy outlays, the Post and Telegraph department has not only paid its way for many years, but a large credit balance has appeared, each year on the official report. This docramest, dealing with the affairs of the department for 1890, has now been published, and the result shown is a credit to all who have had any. thing to do with the business. The postal event of 1800 was, of course, the establishment of the , penny inland postage. It is satisfactory to find that the estimated loss of £100,000 for the past year of reduced rate has not been realised. The departmental figures place ' it ' at about £70,000, which deficiency would, no doubt, hare been still further reduced had it not been for the depression and stagnation of business caused through the strike and the collapse of the land boom,; It is interesting now, when, our PoBtflffiw has grown to be . such an extensive con. cern, to look back at what it was fifty years ago. Then the entire staff of the department comprised three persons —Postmaster at Melbourne, a Deputy P. M. at Geelong, and a letter-wirier at Melbourne. Now there "are; on the staff over 3000 peoplei The total expenditure for 1890 was £637,784, or considerably more than three hundred times the amount which sufficed in 1841. With the entry of the colony into the Postal Union it may be predicted that the extension of poitu business within tfce next few years will more than equal the average of put years. We may look with satisfaction at the 84 new post-offices opened in 1®0 when we read that in 1842 no new pffieu were opened* and the only change in tbe status of the Post-office was the iappmntment of a clerk to the Melbourne With regard to Telegraph matters, the report has much that is inteiwtpfr Those who object to the "over-bead wire" in the streets will be glad toleatoUMK experiments are beiing carried out vw a view to their being placed underground. Several hundred Bales of newlius W" been erected, and very few disnuatM- The total reoeipta to the colony »» submarine cable was £117,662, whieb must be considered a very sttiifaewrj amount indeed. THE ABORIGINES It would be interesting to know what the unfor tunate aboriginal thinks in his innermost soul, of the white man and his ways. In the early days the poor blacks were treated by the civilised invaders of their country in the same way as were the kangaroo and other native animals. The stories told of the atrocities committed in every colony, but more especially in Queens land, are shocking to younger colonists, who neither took part in the butcheries nor condoned them by acquiescence. Writers on bush life as it was in this colony twenty and thirty years ago tell us that a favourite pastime with gome settlers was to practise rifle shooting from the verandah of a station homestead at unfortunate natives who were roaming in fancied security. When the black fell it was evidence of good marksmanship, nothing more. Whole tribes of the poor wretches were swept away in this manner. The time has, however, now passed when such deeds could be committed with impunity. It would appear, however, that the rifle and revolver have given place in some quarters to weapons even more deadly. At Rutherglen on Tuesday a woman was charged with supplying liquor to aborigines. It appears that some weeks ago the blacks at the camp at Lake Moodemere were given a quantity of liquor, when a drunken orgie took place, and a child of one of the lubras was burnt to death. Those who know the terrible effects alcohol has on the poor wretches will admit that, inhuman as was the treatment of the early settlers of the natives, it was more merciful than that of those persons who supply them with intoxicating liquors. If the aboriginal is at all capable of reasoning, what must he think of a race of people who send missionaries to him one day to teach him how to save his soul, and the very next furnish him with the white man's brandy ? 