HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27, 1842, the good ship Mary Compton, of Bristol, Eng Iand, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear. and the captain expected every moment to get sight, of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. One. there, and they were safe. :ure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the captain was saved. On reaching the shore they found a s'fangs thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most i ýpoetant light house in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit P " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1880, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whlrled "and," she said, "all obiects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawlabout the house," she says, "I was so weak. I tried different repedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Brigegate and asked the dootor to tell me the wrst. His answer was, 'I have mitrep ' you some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, than gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, 'You are past human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a moother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick; I had no appetite, and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it" seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced 'vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once Ibegan tovomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning,and scarcely g4s rOest from it until Monday morning. " A this time I remembered that Mrs 'Wilson, with yliom I formerly wor ed in Opo'vford's ýdill5 is Easy street, Leeds, where I liye, had been cured iy Mother Seigel's Curatiye Sytpp. So I sent to Mr Jesson's, the chemist, $i great GGrden street, and got a bottle, A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had g. t over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890) in better health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Scigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was ost of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club; but I thank God . did get it at last, and itcured me, bad off as I was. AI my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry' fSignqd) Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread- street,Y rk rdad, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion And dys pepsin, with symptoms showing how far it hbd affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after havingknown what Mother Seigel's ,Curative Syrup had done for her friend erei FWijo, 