BEOADBBIM's JSTEW YUBK LETTER. Of all the days in the three hundred and sixty-five, Independence Day is th>* particu lar one that has left on me the deepest and most lasting- impression. In New England fifty years ago there were only two regular holidays in the year—Fourth of July and Thanksgiving—and they were far enough apart to make each one welcome. The 4th July was a summer holiday, and aside from the delights of fireworks and shot guns, there were gingerpop, sweet cakes covered with gold leaf, molasses candy, and other nameless luxuries, which are looked on with contempt by the present generation. Then there was the chance to go swimming and to see the sojers. For the heroes of 1812 were thick as huckleberries then, and the old Revolutioners, not a few. Yes, Fourth of July was a big thing, we waited for it all the year ; saved up our coppers and went on a frightful spree on twenty five cents. The country sojers who turned out with shotguns and old rusty flintlock muskets, to do honor to Independence Day, may not have been able to march and wheel with the precision of the Seventh Regiment or the Boston Tigers; but they were fighters all the same, and they loved their country and they were the fathers of the boys who turned out in '(Jl, and who didn't come back till '65, if they came back at all Yes, Fourth of July has couie and gone, but it came in such noiseless fashion and slipped away so quietly, that we hardly knew anything about it. We are getting very ordeziy, v«ry diplomatic, and highly civilized; wc can see deeper into the millstone than our grandfathers. W e know the literary difference between Dar win and Moses, and Edison's phonograph may enable posterity to know just how j smart we were, but it does seem to a plain | American who has not had all the Yankee ! Doodle knocked out of him by baccarat and Tranby Croft, that the wholesome smell of 1 a little burnt gunpowder, the sweet toot of a fife, the rattle of a snare drum, and a j general hurrah for Uncle Sam and the \ Eagle, would make the Fourth of July seem more homelike. But I cau hear the youth ful patriots of 1891 say, old man come down —take a back seat; oh, go take a swim. All right, boys; I'm done good day. I thought I had buried Count Cheesboro about three years ago, and had him safe under ground with a heavy stone on top of him to keep him down, but like Alexander T. Stewart's ghost he keeps bob bing up in the most unexpected placcs, and ' thus he appeared in court last week—not in the flesh, it is true, but in the person of his daughter who is fighting to get a por tion of her father's estate, but who was thrown out of court on a legal technicality. The property for which the girl was batt ling was left to Cheesboro by his mother and to his Irgilimate children. Cheesboro, who was a dissipated old roue, met the girl's mother in Baltimore, and lived with her as her husband for sixteen years; they travelled all over United States and Europe. The mother swore that she married him in Baltimore, and there was not the slightest doubt that the girl was his daughter, but on the question of legitimacy they threw her out of court. ^BJassus Cheesboro, or Count Cheesboro, j J as lie called himself, represented a clas: j I unfortunately too common in Jfew York. ! don't know liow many families I have beei \- . acquainted with among our ancient aris r I toe racy whe.e the sons have remained it i, willing bachelorhood, and the daughters ii © lforced maidenhood into extreme old age. r Mrs. Cheesboro was left a rich widow with two sons, and a couple of more disreputable , worthless vagabonds could scarcely be con ceived. Prom the hour of their births till the day of their deaths, they never did one useful or reputable thing, but having plenty j of money they lived on the fat of the land, I despised the poor and preyed upon the I innocent and unsuspecting. They put on [ immense airs, boasted of their blue blood, , and hunted up a coat of arms and a crest i for the family carriage; while in Germany , at the sale of the effects of an old t-ate, ■ he got hold of a lot of family plate with a coat of arms and a monogram C engraved I on them. He brought them back to the j United States, and set up as a scion of j nobility. A more pitiable sight could | scarcely be imagined than this disreputable j ancient roue, as he ambled along the sunny j side of Broadway of an afternoon ogling j the women through a glass which he" had , on one eye, and twirling his cane with the ; air of a young buck of twenty. Time and ; dissipation had left few hairs on his head j the loss being indifferently repaired by a coal black toupee. His wither ■] face was garnifbed with a poor old moD=t->ch« which : was dyed black like his hair, his eyebrows : were pencilled, and even Lis eyelashes did : ?ot escape the hand of the frieiiJly artist; : lie wore tight pants generally of a ii-ht ; color, coats that fitted him like his skin, : '?u<* vests, LilL-d shirts and ct-ored neck : ties of ths most pronounced patterns. His jewellery was flashy and vuViar—tkoturh valuable, for he made it a point to have the best of everything that money could buy. He generally carried his glove in one hand and h is cane i n the other,- his ungloved hand displaying some valuable ringsT sup posed to be heirlooms in the family. His crowning infamy was the deserting of his wife or reputed wife and daughter a few years before his death. He had no direct heirs to his property, which notwithstand ing his extravagance, was considerable but he left it to be fought for by a lot of people whom he never acknowledged while alive, and finally, exhausted and "worn out with, dissipation, sunk into a dishonered grave. I know six wealthy families at the pre sent time whose lives have been made a burden by the conduct of their sons on whom they have lavished thousands of thousands of dollars. Young men to whom the grandest business opportunities have been offered, and who have thrown them away. One, a short time ago, blew out his brains in his father's diningroom. This week the only son of rich parents was sent to the State Ui-formatory for settino- fire to several houses, where two people^were burned to death. Last week the son of one of Brooklyn's most respectable residents was detected in window smashing and a number of petty larcencies where the plun der he secured was so insignificant that it could be no possible excuse for the crime In the case of the incendiary it was liure cussedness; he had everything that heart could wish for—a beautiful home, a father and mother who idolized liim, horses, carriages, servants—everything; yet he stole out of his house night after nicrht, bought benzine, set fire to tenement i houses, and then stood off and enjoyed the fun as the house blazed up and the wretched tenants tumbled into the streets with their children, while their little property perished in the flames. In one of the ! houses two people were burnt to death. This comes as near total depravity as any- | thinyr I ever met. Speaking of total depravity—the convic tion of Ameer Ben Ali, an Algerian, for the murder of a wretched creature of the slums-—is a matter of congratulation. I i have forborn up to the present time men- j turning this terrible crime in these letters though all the papers in New York were j full of it, and it has excited more interest than any murder committed this year. All , the parties concerned, principals and wit nesses, were the vilest of the vile, and the house where the crime was committed was a den that affords shelter to just such a class.^ It was perpetrated in- the peculiar manner that has rendered the | region of Whitechapel a nameless horror j for the past two years. It is believed by many here that Ameer Ben Ali is : the "Whitechapel fiend. By the pigheaded- ] ness of a juror he was saved from the I electric chair, so that the other eleven, were i compelled to agree to a compromise verdict, I which involves a life sentence. Every body is glad that the horror is over, and : we want to forget it as soon as possible. j Once more Coney Island is in a blaze of glory, and all New York aud Brooklyn, that ' can t get away anywhere else, are makino j the most of it. Not that the company is by any means entirely composed of the Home Guard, for this week the sands of ! Manhattan Beach were pressed by the feet i of Royalty. Prince Georco of Grfpce giv- j ing the sea-side liosne of New York and j Brooklyn a Royal christening. Apropos of Prince George.- Although his stay v;as brief, he goes from us with the reputation of a thoroughly good fellow. A self-respect- I mg gentleman, he w; n favor with every body, and if chance should throw iizin this way again he may r^t assured of a hearty American welcome. He is put up like a" king. Only about twenty-three, he stands about six feet two or three in his stockings, and has a complexion as rosy as a girl. He has a good honost face, fine blue eyes, and fair hair like the purest of the Danish stock from which he springs. TTig gran — ' father's family has contributed some of the best royal blood to the principal thrones in Europe, and it looks as though the future King of Greece would sustain the honor of his raee. But to return to Coney Island. The war of the cornets, bassoons and fiddles begins once more, and they propose to maketluno-s lively ' By the sad sea waves." Herr Anton Seidl with a splendid orchestra is at Brigh ton Beach, and the only Patrick Sarsfield : Gilmore is delighting the visitors at Man hattan. It is useless to attempt to com pare these two distinguished leaders, for in nothing are they alike; their methods are unlike there is not the slightest 1 <e-5em blance in their styles, and the audiences differ as much as their leaders. Herr Seidl is a thorough Wagneritej he believes he has a mission, and that is to educate the people up to his own sublime standard ! crashes and dashes, and slashes and boon.® j that sound like the harshest discord to ' uneducated ears; to the ear of the Wao-ner- ! ite it has a sublime and mysterious me.'in- i mg. Herr Seidl has a heavy following. ! Ine Germans as a class swear by him The i Jews who are a music loving people flock! by thousands. Then he has a large female j following of that class which desires to be thought away, away, away up in the music, and I may add that the gentleman is worthy of all the praise and esteem that i? lavished on him. But when it comes to personal popularity ,• to the music that stirs the heart of the mil lion ; to the music that sets your feet going; to the music that you keep humming or whistling till you drop off to sleep at night, and still find running in your h«id when yea waka np in the inorning—give jnePat* rick Gilmore against the world. Ti e difference in the two orchestras may lie : summed up thus: Seidl's orchestra respect i and fear him; they look upon him as he ' looks upon himself, as a being- of superior clay. Gilmore's band respect and love liiin, and -while a strict disciplinarian from long , association, they are like a great big happy family. I personally met him first in Paris ; in 1878. I have watched Mm closely since then, and I have come to the conclusion that in all the elements of a popular musi cian there is only one Paddy Gilmore. PffTsrQDE and Nicotine.—The instruc tors of athletics at the universities of Yale and Amherst have been making some inter esting observations with reference to the effects of smoking upon the physique of the ; culler students. We do not know whether those w ho conducted these inquiries entered upon them with any-prepossessions or pre judices. but there appears no reason to suppose that the observations were not fairly made and accurately recorded. The consensus of results in the two institutions ! is decidedly unfavorable to the use of the weed. Dr. Soavor. who conducted the experiments at Tale, found that those students who did not use tob:vcco showed a gain over those who were addicted to its use of 20 per cent, in height, 25 per cent, in weight, and 60 per cent, in lung capacity. Dr. Seaver has sept up his observations for ei«-ht years, and finds that they show an equally decided advantage for the non-smokers during the whole period. A fact which seems to afford an identical but remarkable confirmation of the con clusion thus reached by actual measure ments is that not only do all the boating crews abstain from tobacco, but that among the whole body of competitors in the different fields of athletics there is but one smoker. At Amherst the study of j effects was in the case of the graduating class. In this class the measurements and tests showed that 71 per cent, had gained and 29 per cent, had remained stationary or fallen off during the four years. Separat ing the smokers from the non-smokers it was found that the latter had gained 24 per cent, more than the form*" in weight, 37 per cent, more in height, Mid 48 per cent, more in cliest-girth. Still farther, those who did not use tobacco were found to have an advantage of 8.38 cnbic inches of lung capacity over the smokers. These statements, which we give on the authority of the Neva York Nativn, may be accepted, we suppose, as scientific facte, and as such may be commended to the study of all lovers of the weed.—Toronto Week. A Com pa nx op Soldiers Struck bt I/iaHTNi2fG.-A Berlin correspoadentsays:— On Tuesday morning a company of the Grenadier Regiment (" Emperor Francis Joseph ") was drilling on the Tempelhof field when a severe thunderstorm came on. They had just finished their task of digging a ditch when a tremendous peal rent the air, and the lightning struck the middle of the company. A great number of soldiers were rendered insensible and fell to the ground. The captain's horse, veiled in a cloud of smoke, reared and fell dead. A soldier who was holding the bridle was dangerously wounded. The lightning had struck his helmet, and made a wound on the back of his head the size of a five shil ling piece. His clothes and the right side were singed, and from the wound on his head to his neck the hair was burnt clean off. The left side of his back is covered with burns and marks left by the lightning and he is also badly marked from the neck to the left side of the breast. This light ning tattoo is of rather a reddish than a blueish hue, and is in the form' of fir branches, with the points turned down wards. The captain, with seven soldiers, who lay insensible on the ground, ware all taken to a neighboring hospital, where they soon recovered, with the exception of the one, who is still in a dangerous condi tion. About twenty-five other men eom plain of headaches, burning on different parts of the body (no wounds, however, being perceptible), and of twitching and pricking in the muscles and joints. Gbape Juice.—Very many .European doctors, says the Garden and Field, prescribe freshly-expressed grape-juice as an allevia tive or cure for dyspepsia; diseases of the liver, kidneys, and spleen; and especially in haemorrhoids; also for catarrh of the air-passages, bronchitis, &c.; Scrofula is often cured by this juice, which may be described as a rich vegetable milk. Com pared with miilr, the grape juice stands thus:— Mil&_ Grape Juice. Album enoid and nitro genous milk 1*6 1*7 Sugar, Gum, &c.; ... 11"0 I2to2G Mineral substances ... 0 4- 1*7 Water 87-Q 75 to 83 Grape-juice is credited with a strong recuperative power where patients suSer from exhaustion The height which a horse can clear is a frequent subject of dispute. In the foot note to page 4 in the third edition of " Remarks on the Condition of Hunters/' by Nimrod, which was published in 1837, it is stated:—" In 1821, Mr. Mytton'e horse,. The Hero, cleared timber 7 ft. high, with a. very short run to it, and Mr. Mytton on his hack. It was on Mr. Jellico's grounds in Shropshire." Remarkable as this story is, it wants the information of what Mr. Mytton weighed. Now, the number of stone on a horse's back is a factor the statement; of which should never be omitted. An un mounted, horse belonging- to one of the con stabulary,. is reported by the Lire Stock Journal to. have cleared a gate 7ft 4in. But even this is less wonderful titan the prowess- of the famous "Sober Robin," which early in this century, would carry over a hurdle or gate Mr. Dick Gurney, who weighed over ISst-in his stocking feet. It was said that he was the heaviest man of his time who went out with hmmiji, except a famous Welshman,, who rode Vat. with harriers. How these horses were bred is not stated. PERTINENT QUERIES. "Why do we always talk of putting on- a coat and vest ? Who puts on a coat before a vest ? We also say putting on shoes and {tickings. Who puts on shoes before t tickings ? We also put up signs telling p -ople to wipe their feat when we mean their shoes or boots. A father tells a boy he will warm his jacket when he means to warm bis pantaloons. Many persons say they have taken a dose of Cough Elixir, or Eucalyptus, when they mean Faulding^a Cough Elixir and Faultiing's Extract of Eucalyptus. A Norwegian engineer has invented a machine which can pack l.OCO boxes of matches in a minute. " When I want a nice day all to myself," says an ingenuous wife, " I tell George dear mother is coming, and then I see nothing of him till one in the morning." FOUR THOUSAND PHYSICIANS. The above number of medical men have, over their own signatures, most emphati cally confirmed the popular verdict long since rendered in Wolff's Schnapps favor. That man is the most wealthy who, hav ing perfected the functions of his own life to the utmost, ha? also the widest helpful influence, both personally and by means of his possessions, over the lives of others. Six tons of locusts have bSen destroyed in £va days in on a Egyptian province. _ 