CHAPTER XV III.-A PAINFUL STJBY. The bright sunshine of a summer morning shone into the sitting-room, of a lodging house situated in a quiet street not far removed from Hanover square. The apartment, though not wholly uncomfortable, showed little effort of adornment. Moreen curtains, once crimson but now faded to a tawny hue, hung from mahogany poles by wooden rings that rattled noisily when moved; the floor was covered by a carpet somewhat threadbare with the jassage of feet, but retaining much of its primitive freshness where it had been mercifully sheltered by the centre table. A large mirror in a gilt frame, from which the floralj ornamentation had been broken, stood upon the china ney-piece o£ eraked! white marble, and reflected the large bouquet pattern of the wall paper, relieved here and thereby lithographs after Sir Edward Landseer's pictures incased in cumbrous frames. It was just 10 o'clock, and Mrs. Simmons was busily engaged in brushing the crumbs from the centre table, at which someone had already breakfasted, routing an army of flies from the cat-glass sugar bowl, and arranging a bunch of flowers which she placed beside a white and gold china breakfast cup. Her round, shining, good-natured face were an air of perplexity; her plump hands dallied with the plates, knives, and spoons as if her mind was wholly pre occupied, and presently, when the door opened and jjady Fothergille entered, the landlady fairly started. ' (rood morning, Miss Ethel-beg pardon, I mean my lady,' she said, her eyes brightening. 4 Dear old nurse, don't call me ' my lady'-let me forget, if I can, all that has happened within the last few months.' Mrs. Simmons smoothed out the white apron tied round her ample person, and regarded Lady Fother gille closely. ' You have been crying again this morning, I can see-your eyes are quite red.' ' I couldn't help it,' Ethel replied, striving to keep back her tears even then. < Well, never mind, my dear. Sit down, I'll bring up your breakfast in a minute, and I hope you have some appetite after your long journey. I can tell you I was surprised to see you driving up to my door in the early morning.' Ethel seated herself in the spring less horse-hair sofa, the faded chintz color of which totaled a multitude of blemishes, presently the odour of fried bacon rose from the lower regions and pervaded the house. It carried back her thoughts to htr early days when bacon and eggs were allowed the hard-working doctor and his growing family on Sunday mornings as a special privilege. Shabby as the ^ld home was, well worn and home-made as her clothes were, she was happy then-before the cares of life and the shadows of the future fretted her mind-happier perhaps than she had been since. The entrance of Mrs. Simmons bear ing a tempting breakfast on a tray interrupted her thoughts and brought her back to the unhappy present. I 'Now, my dearie, if you can eat a good breakfast yon will feel much better; and yon needs be thai, for your pretty face is pale, and your eyes are sunken in your head from cry ing. Sit down here and I'll wait on yon myself, and grateful I am to whatever chance it was that brought youback to me once more.' .You 'are the kindest old nurse in the world,' Lady Fothergille replied j with a smile. ' What would yon e iy if I were to live wfthyoufor ever. w * X should feeI proud and glad, my dear; you were always my favourite child,* Mrs. Simmons answered. * But yon only say that in jest-I know you don't mean it, my lady.' . 'No! I am quite in earnest-I shall never go back to the Abbey. The perplexed look which had hovered over the landlady's florid: countenance now deepened. She made no immediate reply, but watched Etiiel closely, studying her looks* tbinking over her words, and striving' to arrive at some definite conclusion. When breakfast was finished she quietly said: * Now, my dear, y ou told me nothing th;s morning, nor did I ask, seeing how pale and tired yon were, but to day you will tell your old nurse what has happened to bring you up to town alone and make you so unhappy. I have seen a good deal of the world, my dear, and my experience may help you.' 'I know your kindly intentions, nurse, but I fear no one can help me,* Ethel replied, rising from her chair and taking a seat on the sofa. * Wait a moment, cried Mrs. Sim mons, walking quietly to the door and opening it suddenly. *1 am afraid the maid listens,' she explained. * Fll send her upstairs, and then we shall be quite safe/ Having issued her orders she returned, shut the door, and sat down beside I/ady Fothergille. * Now, tell me what is your trouble.'' * Sir Danvers and I have parted/ Ethel replied. ' Parted!' ciied Mrs. Simmons in astonishment as she looked shrewdly at Ethel. * Yes. Lately his manner began to change towards me-I don't know why-and then yesterday he came into my room and declared I had be trayed him, that he bad proofs of my disloyalty, and he hoped never to see my face or hear my voice again !' 'Did you give him any cause for jealousy ? Ethel drew herself up and looked indignantly at ber questioner. ' Don't be angry, my dear, but IT know young wives, without meaning: any harm, are sometimes foolish.' ' I gave him no cause.' i Then he must be a brute,' said the* landlady sympathetically. 4 Oh, Alice you don't know him or you would not say that. He is one of the kindest and noblest of men.' * Was there any one in the house any women that flattered him? I know liow brazen and forward some of them can be, my dear.' 'Certainly not/ replied Ethel in dignantly. ' Then I can't understand it. What did you say when he made these charges, my dear,' she asked. I told him they were false, but he wouldn't listen. He said he had proofs of my unfait^dness, and I was too indignant tepl^k him what they were. I could not bare tbat he should think me otherwise that 1 am, his loyal and devoted wife, and now I shall never forgive him-never,' fihe added, bursting into tears. .But why did you leave him? don't cry, dear.' * I could not stay with him after such an accusation, and besides, he said we must live apart in the future, that he would leave the Abbey in the* morning, and trusted I would have I gone before his return. It was too I cruel; I cannot bear to think he wonld say such things to me,' she sobbed,, tears running down her cheeks. 'And then you came away, poor child,, said Mrs. Simmons soothingly as . she put her arm round Lady Fotliergille's waist. * Yon wrote to him, I suppose,! denying the charge, , and told him where you were going ?' * No I didn't. How could I after, such words V If he did not wish to hear me I was not going to plead my innocence, X left him as he desired, and I shall never go back.' .But your whole life will be spoilt* ' I cannot help that, the fault is not mine, 4 There is^ some misunderstanding but what it is l can't say. Have you any enemips ? Perhaps his daughter wished to partyou.' / * 4No, no; she is the deadest and sweetest of girls. Bufc I am ems I I hava no so,savethat I Hie is this woman ?' ' Mrs. Crayworth who lias been staylngat the Abbey. Yet I cannot seewhat advantage she would gain fcom a quarrel between Sir JDanvers *I can't s&y;, she is a widow/ ' They are always the worst; trust them for making mischief be tween man and wife.® 'Even if she did scheme-he, my husband, should not have believed her word before mine. I shall never foTgive him-nor do I ever wish to see \- hito again,' Lady Fothergille said between her sobs. The words Sir Daavers had spoken yet rankled in her mind, filling her with indignation, wounding her pride anew. ' Mrs. Simmons made no remark, being busily engaged in thinking how she conld best awaken Sir Danvers to the wrong he had done his wife-the girl whom she had reared and stall loyally loved, and by what means she conld rennite them once more. In the pause which ensued a light footstep and the sweep of a silk dress was heard descending the stairs, and passing through the hall. A second later and the street door shut almost noiselessly. ' That is roy queer lodger,' said Mrs. Simmons starting np and going to wards the window. Sheltered behind one of the faded moreen curtains, she looked into the street and saw a tall figure closely veiled, and dressed j in shabby black garments, &tand; upon: the doorstep irresolutely, then turn j swiftly to the right, and almost im- | mediately retrace her steps and take j the "opposite direction. * I can't make her out/ continued j the landlady,' and yet I have no doubt she is a gentlewoman bora and bred,' she added, anxious to distract Ethel from the remembrance of grief. ' What is her name ?' Lady Fother gille inquired. 4 Freeman-Mrs. Freeman. She has been with me a couple of months, never gives any trouble, and is as quiet in the house as a mouse. She's bard up, I know, but she has great hopes of plenty of money when her husband comes back. Where he is, or who he is, she never says, and it .seems to me there is something 'mysterious about her.' * Poor thing, perhaps she is also in trouble,' said Ethel. ' Many a wifeis, my dear, and through no fault of her own. She thinks she owes me several weeks' rent, but I mustn't tell her so.' ' Why not? It might be arelief to her mind.' . * Well I'm not allowed. 3Tou see it happened in this way,' explained Mrs. Simmons; ' One evening! when she came back a young man came with> her. When she had gone up toj^er room he returned and made iiu^^B.; abpat her payments. .She two weeks at the time, and 1 thinking of giving her notice. He then told me he was intrustedJjy her friends to ask about her £nd paLy her Tentj. thoijgh she mustn't Imow that, \- as o^mg to some family quarrel she wouid^not accept anything from them, and ^dulil rather suffer, want than receive their help. So here she remains with me.' 'Did he tell you who her family were?'. ^ j 'So, that was another mystery. 11 hope, dear, you will not mind dining with herpMs evening^! I have but one dining-room, and Soft 'will find her quiteagentlewoman.' ' I should like to see. her,' Ethel re plied ; ' you have interested me in her already.' * * . . * %A|ii you always^wias that pleasdfnt and agreeable yon'd do. anything' for your old nurse,' said Mrs. Simmons, smiling on her. . * * And my oM nnrse, would do any thing for me.' 't' V' ' y* . * ifow, my dear, if you wil^-take an old womans advice, you vifl jfey your pretty eyes and write a fefter' to Sir' Danyer, telling ^im you are in nocent of his changes, that he has been inthe wro^' and letting him ferfywm %xe safe with me/ * Whi ,.fet him. If he wishesto know where I am, lie will find out / * Who would think, to look at yon, that you were bo positive,' re plied its. Simmons. But if you don't doit to-day you will to-mowow it's only a question of time, I'm sure.' * Never,' cried Ethel. ,* Never, I cannot forgive him. * At 7 'clook that evening Iiad^r Fothergille sat in Mrs. Simmons s drawing-room, an appartment per vaded by a mosty odotir, as if not frequently used- White faced cur tains screened the tall windows, be tween which stood a small table bear ing a family Bible * surmounted by fl tea caddy; bundles of flowers under glass shades ornamented the chimney piece ; chairs, with knitted anti macasear?, sfood at equal distance like sentinels along the walls; a chandelier depending from the ceiling The room was empty on her en trance, but she had not long been seated when the rustling- of a silk dress, such as she had heard in the morning, fell upon her ears. It suddenly ceased, and then looking ar the door' Ethel saw the handle torn. It was not, however, pushed open; who ever it was hesitated to enter, the swish of the silk dress was heard retreating and once more drawing near, then the door swung back, when a second later Mrs. Freeman appeared, looked round her swiftly, and seeing Ethel, bowed nervously without speaking. The long, pale, sensitive face lighted by dark eyes expressive by turn of restlessness, timidly, and pathos, and set in a frame of rich brown hair heavily streaked with silver, at once struck Ethel's attention and. appealed to her sympathy in a manner she could not explain. There was something pathetic, not only in the countenance but in the tall spare figure and in the highly nervous manner of the woman. 1 How do you do ?' Lady Fother gille said, rising, scarcely knowing what to say. * I am well, thank you. Mi s. Sim mons told me I should find a new lodger here - Miss Fayne.' 4 Yes,' replied Ethel, who desired her name should remain unknown, 4 I came early tins morning.' 41 have been here some time,' said Mrs. Freeman, advancing into the room and sitting down with her back to the waning light, * I am waiting always waiting/ 4 What for?' The question startled her, she looked keenly at the speaker, and then seeming to gain confidence from the expression of her face, answered, * for my husband. He is away at present in France, but he will return some time-some time.* 4 He does not know you are waiting i for him ?' * Wo, I wish to give him a surprise; he does not expect to see me, but he will be glad when we meet.' ' But how are you to know when he returns /" * His servant Barlyl will tell me.' 'BarlyV repeated Ethel. The name seemed familiar to her, but she could not just then remember where she had heard it, or to whom it be longed. 1 Yes he is very kind. He speaks to me about my husband, and he let me take one of my husband's photo graphs.', Her hearer felt puzzled; there was sosgdlhing strange in the idea of a servant giving,his master's portrait to his master's #gife. j The smellof - roast beef and apple tart, which had been growing stronger { every minute, now reached its climax j when Mrs. Simmons flung open the door- and announced that dinner was feerved. - .*1 All through the meal Mrs. Freeman silent; she ate but little, drank Ite&wineb; seemed wrapped up in her \- thonghts, and relieved when dMaer ended. 4 If you ladies will go to the draw ing-room I will bring you some tea in half an hour,9 Mrs. Simmons said, her face shining from the effect of her recent labours in the lower regions. Those she addressed rose, and Ethel ! waited for Mrs. Freeman to pass before her, btit the latter shrank back, and after a friendly dispute Lady I Fothergille preceded her. As she went vp the narrow stairway she .dropped her handkerchief. Mrs. Freeman picked it up and was about to return it to its owner when her eyes tell upon the name it bore, and sue gassed' upon it in seeming wonder and consternation. ^4 Fothergille! Fothergille! Fother gille 1' she repeated as she entered the drawing-loom. Ethel started at the name, and turning round was surprised to see Mrs. Freeman's face flushed, her eyes sparkle, and her whole appearance excited. 1 It is jours,' she said, holding ont the handkerchief in a hand that trembled from emotion. * I saw you let it fall-tell me, do yon know any one of that name ?' Ethel drew hack a step from the woman's strangely altered face, t® which a hectic blush, burned brightly,: and for a secoDd it flashed upon her i that Mrs. Freeman had become in-! sane. For economical reasons the j landlady had turned down the gaslight of the chandelier, so that the room was half in shadow, but the lurid eager j eyes of the questioner shone through the gloom. 'Speak,* she said in an imploring voice. *It lis my name,' Ethel replied, hoping to calm her. ' Yours! I was told you were Miss Fayne.' 'So I was before I married. My j husband>'s name is Fothergille.' ' Husband!' Mrs. Freeman re peated, putting her hand to her heart, a look of fear dawning in her eyes. * Where is he now?' ' In the country,' answered Ethel, still intent upon calming her. , * Not in Fiance, you are certain he is not in France,' her questioner gasped, the expression on her face becoming painful from intensity;. *1 am quite sure. You seem anxious and excited; won't you sit down r' ' No,' Mrs. Freeman answered, and then paused as if holding com munication with herself. Suddenly she looked round, advanced quickly to the door which stood partly ajar, closed it, and returned to where Ethel still stood, lost iu wonder at this woman's strange words and move ments. *1 think I can trust you,' she said in a calmer tone, looking eearchiogly into Ethel's face. 4 Your eyes are kind, and yoo, too, have suffered; you have a heart.' The words touched her hearer because of the appealing tone in which they were spoken. *1 have known sorrow,' Ethel re plied sadly. ' I knew it. There is something in the eyps of those who have grieved which tells it, even though the smiles upon their lips and the words upon their tongues deny it, and once having known sorrow they feel for those in .misery. You understand me F 1 Perfectly,' Lady Fothergille an swered. 1 ' And you will help me if you can?' Mrs. Freeman pleaded. * Certainly. I shall be too glad to aid you if possible,* said Ethel, who was filled with pity for the woman. * I trust you, I trust you,' she said, still looking into Ethel's eyes, and then added after a pause, * My name is not Freeman.' * Then what is it ?' * Fothergille.' * And your husband P 'Is Captain Fothergille. Do you know him ?' she asked eagerly. 'There may be many men bearing the same name in the army; what was his Christian name ?' * John,' she replied. * Tell me if you know him ?' she implored. <1 cannot say,' Ethel replied cautiously. * My husband's cousin is Captain John Fothergille, but he is not married/ she added,, remembering hi s attentions to Meg. ' Then it cannot be the same; but wait, I will show you his photopraph,' said she who had been called Mrs. Freeman ae she took from her pocket a leather ease in which was enclosed i her husband's portrait. l Ethel held it under the gas ; one ' glance sufficed to show her it was Sir; Danvers' cousin. j * You know him,' exclaimed the strange woman, reading her face. 'Yes. He is my husband's cousin.' 'Then/ she said excitedly, ' you" ean tell me when he will return from France?' Hie is not in France; he is in>. England.1 know6* ^ C°me back i 1 not Ethel saw the poor woman had been , misinformed, but refrained from pointing out this deception lest it might give her additional pain.1 He is at present staying at Fother gille Abbey, Ayton, Devonshire,' she replied. * Then I must see him at once. I will go to him." 1 Does he know yon are here ?' * 'No, he thinks I am in Australia, but those who kept us apart had pity at last and let me go, and 1 have - come back to him,' the unhappy woman said, her manner becoming excited, a wild light burning in her eyes. *1 don't understand,* said Ethel. * Why should they have parted yop^^^,. ' Because they were wicked people and-and*-she said, looking- rounds her, * they said I was mad.* Her hearer started; the thoughts that for some time had. been gaining ? ground in her mind were suddenly put into worde. " Don't be frightened," she said, seeing Lady Fotbergi lie's movement, j "It was only one of their wicked* i lies. I was ill. bat I am quite well I now, as I shall p»ove to my husband, [ and when he s« . ?< me he will believe it, and we shall happy again.' ' Where were you married ?' Ethel asked, thinking this might- be an insane delusion. 'In Melbourne. I will show you the certificate; I always keep it with me,' she answered opening the upper part of her dress and taking out a silk bag suspended from her neck by a string. Opening this, ishe drew forth a paper certifying than Anne Lawson, spinster, was married to John Fothergille. ' I have always kept it with me,' she added; they let me wear it; they did not deny I was his wife; they could not.* Ethel* handed it back in silence, a sense of depression fell upon her as she concluded this poor woman had" been wronged, by whom she did not yet know, though she could not refrain from suspecting. * Where did you meet the captain ?' she asked. 'I will tell you all, then you will"".' perhaps be able to help me.' 'I shall be glad if I can,' she answered, raising her hand to turn on I the gas and lighten the room, for I sitting in this semi-light oppressed her 4 Stay.' said Mrs. Fothergile, plac her hand on Ethel's arm. ' If you please, I would rather not have a strong light; I can talk best whilst it's like this-I am used to it and I like it,' she,explained. ' Very well,' Ethel replied, anxious' to humour her. ?' It was in Mel bourne you met Captain Fothergille, I suppose?' she added desirous to lead her to speak of her past life. ' Yes. He had just come from the gold diggings when he was introduced to me, and from the first time 1 met I loved him. No man had 'ever | spoken to me as he had; he told me of his love in words such as never heard before, and when fiev asked me to be his wife I answered my heart had been his from the first.' She paused a moment as if to ' linger over recollections which ! softened and beautified her face as; with a glow of inward light. ! 'I should have been completely | happy if it were not that my father opposed my marriage, and set his i face against the man I had chosen as I my husband.1 On this we disagreed for the first time in our lives, for I loved him well. I was his only child,, and .had never known my mother's face; He disliked the captain, whom he called an adventurer, but I pointed, out to him that he had held a high position in the army; he said he was. penniless; but, I answered, my for tune-which came to me from my toother-was sufficient for both. He knew it would break my heart if I did not marry Captain Fothergille, and eventually he gave his consent to our * union. We were therefore married, hut soon a cloud came over my new ^ Tife, my father died. It was the first great grlef I had known and it * ""weighed upon me. I should not have heensoselfish as to indulge in it, for I fear my husband found me dull, and my home not so cheerful as before. He remained absent from me for many . fhours e^ery day, and sought pastime at the card table.' 'Had you been long ma r ried at iihis time?' Ethel asked. * Only a few months. I strove to -conceal my grief^ and to appear re signed. I asked my husband to bring his friends to our house, which he "frequently did, and after supper they naturally played-sometimes, I fear, for high stakes. Anything was "better to me than his absence, for I loved him with all my heart, and was jealous of every hoar he spent away from me. I therefore did not remon strate with him for the losses which I knew he met with at play.* "* Hie gambled!' Ethel remarked. *He did. I could always tell by Tiis manner when he won and when he j^ggfcrthough what were the sums that %4Sgaw^ed hands I never ventured to ask-all I bad was his to do with as iie pleased.' 'Did you not urge him to give up gambling?' 4 Yes bat he would not heed me. We were abont twelve months married, =and I was expecting the birth of our. child, when the darkness fell upon me that ruined my life,' she said, a; .nervous spasm contracting her face, .a wandering restless look coming into %er eyeB. * Do not speak of what pains you,' Ethel said compassionately. * You must hear all, I have told it "to no one else, hut I want you to understand me,' she replied, and then .continued more slowly, * X knew he 8iad been losing for some time. One .evening Hawkins, the man who had won his money, came to supper with .us; he was to start for Sydney next day, and my husband said he must! have his revenge. I retired early, j %ut I could not rest. I dozed and woke, again and again; then, I must have dreamt, for what I saw could not fie real,' she said, patting one hand to her forehead, as if to concentrate her . ^thoughts. ' I dream't I heard a noise ^and went softly downstairs; the sounds increased as I drew near-the sounds of a scuffle-I hurried onward j -and reached the room where X had] left my husband, to find him stand- j ing with a knife in his hand over! the prostrate body of Hawkins the hand holding the knife was smeared with blood. I gave a scream, -and immediately felt as if a blow ? had been dealt me by my ha band. She shuddered at the remembrance of the painful scene her words .called up, and her face grew ghastly pale. 'X suppose I was delirious, for -when I began to recover I found myself in a great house surrounded ®>y insane people. My hair was cut, I wore a uniform, and doctors came and saw me continually. They told .me X had been ill of brain fever, that my child was born dead, and X myself fiaid made a hard struggle for recovery. I asked for my hnsband, being sure lie would come and take me away, tint they said he had returned toi ^England. No doubt they assured j him I was hopelessly mad, and would niy^recover, for he 1-ft no word for wrote me no letter-they may shave told him I was dead. X would j have left the place immediately, but they would not alio* me; at times ! memory deserted me, the past was lilbtted out, a great c'oud hung over me, and the remembrance of this ter rible dream pursued me,- but gradually X grew better, the dream became more faint in my mind, and X. was pronounced well. When X was per anitted to leave, an bid friend and schtbolfellow took me to her home, fi^ioshelteredandprotected me.* ' Did you not write to your hus band?' asked Ethel. , \- No, I determined to seek him fjr if he knew X was coming he might forbid me, and I could not disobey him, He had taken my money , not thinking I should want it; no doubt hewouldhave sent me some if X had asked him. My friend strove to die Buade me from following him, she did not know how ranch I loved him. ! Under the name of Mrs. Freeman X ^gpiight for and obtained & situation . * as stewardess on board a steamer mmimr to London, and with the money. I earned and that which my liiendLlent me I hare since lived here, awaiting my husband's return. But now yon hare told me where he is, I shall seek him and all will be well/ she concluded, her countenance beam ing with delight. Lady Fothergille, understanding from the artless confession she had heard, the cruel heartless character of the captain, feared a fresh grief awaited his wife, but she withheld from clouding her happiness by words of doubt or warning. 'Would it not be bettor to let him know you are in England ?' she sug gested. ' Kb, no, I must see him, I have waited so long- and so patiently for the hour,.and he is so Bear. I must go to him,9 she replied excitedly. * You will tell me how 1 can get there, I shall start to-morrow.1 * If you will allow me to lend you some money I shall be glad, we sue no longer strangers, my husband is Captain Fotheigille's cousin, so we are kinswomen and need not stand on ceremony.* 'You are very good,' she said hesi tatingly, her band almost uncon sciously touching a heavy gold brooch, her fathers^ wedding present to her. 'But I think I can find enough for my journey.' c But if you don't you will let me act as your banker,' said Ethel. 'Thank you-yes,9 she answered, and then to herself she murmured, ' to-morrow I sbftll SCO him!' her face I was radiant with happiness. It seemed as if years had been lifted from her life. Lady Fothergille looked at her with pity, hoping that the meeting on which her hopes rested might not bring frssh disappointment and misery. From the little she knew of the captain she was not inclined to credit him with unkindness-the fact of his paying attention to Meg troubled her; suspicions rose in her mind which she could not banish; and she feared for the suffering woman before her. ' If yon will excuse me,' said Mrs. Fothergille, *1 will leave you now, but I hope you will give me the direc tions for my journey when I return.' Saying which she left the room. Soon the ghost-like rustle of her silk gown was heard on the stairway and along the hall, then, the entrance door was softly closed. Sirs. Fothergille was on her way to the pawnbroker [TO BE CONTINUED.] 