a breach' of faith- By GRnSVENOR IlUN'STF.R. Mrs Blogg was a widow, residing in <St, Kilda. She lived in her own house, which (rxs a very comfortable one, and enjoyed an Mnnual income of aomo L800 left to her by tho Uto Mr lilogg, the eminent pork butcucr auu bacon surer. MrsBlogg was a very dcsirablo sort of 'person. Sbo was nice looking, plump and rosy, and was only about thirtv- aix years of age. She was good tempered, lively, alert, and kind. Ho marvel then that abc was regarded with tho eyes of favor by very many worthy gentle- taieo in the neighborhood. Say what we like, „ there ia something very attractivo in tho widow, especially when abe is tho proprie tress of a comfortable income and a cosy home. Who shall wonder, therefore, that the bachelors— young and middle- aged— used to eye the trim garden and pretty villa bo- longing to Sirs Blogg with hungry eyes— yes, hungry eyes? But Mrs Bloeg was a prudent woman. Whether her experience of the late Mr Blogg had iuspircd hor with a very modified estimate of the disinterestedness of the oppo. site sex, or whether she enjoyed the liberty of her widowrood with too keen a relish to indaco her to relinquish it, the author of this veritable story caonot say. It is certain, however, that she surveyed tho position with coolne&s; and candor. She had evidently inndo up her mind that if she should ever again experiment in the direction of matrimony, she would not permit herself to be dcladcd by any clamor of sentiment or romance. Indeed, at thirtv- six, sentiment and romanco have a vorv weak bold upon a woman. She theu hcgjns to look at tho practical side ol tiie picture, and is ready to weigh the eolid advantages of wealth and position n against tiic moro ephemeral matter of a hapdaomo person and fascinating manners. There wcro two of her suitors who 6tood, perhaps, in higher favor than any others. Ho doubt tbis arose, in a great measure. In the fact that they Wcro moro eager and per sistent In their wooing. Widows ara nut like maids, they like the ardent, impulsive, band-clasping, bold lover. They don't appreciate ejo worship, and lackadaitiacal sighs. Ho, sir. As Butler puts it very graphically in " Iludibrua," your widow must be taken by assault. At sny- rate, this particular widow regarded Mr William Rubbles and Mr Augustus Sprapclcs with the greater favor, that tnoy fought manfully for her smiles. And she liked them all the better, perhaps, because they hated each other with tkebitter And abiding hatred of rivals. ' Mr William Hubbies was a retired grocer. Be was " well in," owned a terrace of houses, somo Bound stock, and was alto gether in a very satisfactory financial stato of health. But physically and intellectually— from A cultured standpoint — Mr William Hufiics was below par." Ho was not thu sort of man to excite within any womau's bosom BcntimcntaofAitamatorynature. Hewosshort and fat, and whccry, lie breathed in an apoplectic way. His manners were coarse. .He hud a h&hit;, for example, when eating, of breathing hard nndsiontoriously, Tohcnrhim consumo his soup, was to bo reminded of rural days and tho pig-trough. -For nil that, there wcro very mauy widows— aye, and maidens, for that matter— who would have been ghul enough to take Mr Hubble. for better or worse, and who, having accurately compared tho advantage of his Ihianuiul position with hiR physical and mental dis abilities, were ready to put up with tho latter in order to enjoy the former. Such is "tho sordid character of the age. A ten- pound note is a prettier picture than any in tlie art gallery— a more eloquent sermon tHan any on the library shelves. As for Mr Augustus Spr&gglcs;, ho wis a very dashing sort of fellow. His In ard was oft, and wavy and silken. His moustache, as tiio Indies put it, sugccstcd kisses. Ilo had fine features. His eyes were dark hazol of color and ch&ngctu;! of expression. Ho stood six feet high, and hnd tho shoulders miu vneat ut an nvmcie. xu a wont, no was as clean bnilt a fellow as you might meet any where. ButhewasaspoorastiioprovcrbialMt. That was no secret. When a man Attempts tho graud Seigneur business, and can't pay the shot, tho secret soon oozes out. And so It was known pretty well nil over .St. Kiltla that Mr Spragglcn was " down on his luck." Katurully, those who observed his attentions to Mrs lUo-jg referred them to a dr.siro to take up bis quarters iu her comfortable house, mid become matrimonially co-partner in her comfortable income. Ami, of course, Mrs Blogg shared theco suspicions. She preferred Spragglcs, of course, to Hubble. Bat it was obvious that tho latter lind not such cause for bis wooing, ob was suggested by Mr Spragglca's untoward financial jHisition, If Bubbles wanted Iter it was for herself, ami uol her money— that Was evident. Now, although Hubbies and Spracglcs hated each oilier like " poison," each out wardly ignored the the fnct. A kind of semi- confidenco was maintained between thein of that kind which is an attempt on cither side, to mielcud ami de feat, On the part of Bubbles, how ever, it was, in some sorl, the conces sion of an ignorant and nursc-proud man to An intellectual superior. Hubbies was wholly without educational advantages. Hocould not oven read. Ho was one of thoscaur- prising tnen wo sometimes encounter, who, despite educational disabilities, push their way to the front, and eclipse their intel lectual betlers. The necessity, I suppose, stimulates the mind. Tlius, tho blind learu to read. On the other hand, Sprnggles was one of those flashy, superficial people who, by dint of great self-assertion, and a certain fluency of speech, so readily impose upon averago humsnity. Rubbles, aware ns ho might have Ixicn of his pecuniary ndvans tsges, was never wholly freo from a consciousness that there arc soma things which money cannot buy, and that Mr Bprngelcs possessed them. Nevertheless, bo was determined to win tlie widow, and, curiously enough, selected hia rival ns a means by which to accomplish his desires. One day lie called upon MrSprtgglcs at his lodgings. He found that gontlemau attired In a ragged nod faded rircsxiuu'.gown, and occupied in tho discussion of a red herring ami n jugaf boor. The curious wonder with which tho enquirer regarded tiro surround ings of tho broken-down gcntlcinnn was not lost upon tho hitter: but ho inferred that the) visit meant business, nml so did not resent t lie intrusion. Spruggles," said Rubbles, " I supposo you won't think mo rude, when I say that I cues you want money." " ltudo J" ejaculated Sprngelcs. " Truth .Is never rudeness to a sensible man. Ot course J want mouey. Havo you como to show mo how to make it ?" Fvo como to buy you olT if so be yon'ro willing," said tho cx.grocer with blant directness. Mr Spragglcs regarded Ids rival with curiosity. "Buy mo oiT," ho said, slowly. ' " What the devil do you mean, Mr Bubble?" "Things Is como to a crisis," was tho Answer. " Look here, Spragglct— there's only two 'osses In the race, mo and you," nml Mr Bubbles put his lorcfingcr against bis noso aud winked. A faint perception of hib moaning dawned upon Mrdpragglcs. " The raco J" lie echoed. " 'Xnctly— tor thu 'and and 'cart of tho widdcr." " Mrs Blogg," cried Spraggles,t with a laugh. ' ' " Mrs Blogg," responded tho other. " Either mo or yon has to 'avc her. Now I aegges a compromise. Look 'ere. You want mouey. I've got it. Now, i'vo been thinking that a smart young fcltew Uko you could do woll with a start of MOD. " Mr Spragglcs pricked his eara. Mr Rubbles wont on. " I'm quite willing to baud you ovor L100 if. you undertake to ekedaudto, and leave the field open to mo. But you must writs a letter in my name, offering Mrs Blogg my 'aiid and 'cart. I suppose you know I ain't an cdicatod man.. Bus I've an 'oadpleco, and that takes me along without any school-learning. What lay I" Mr Spragglcs stared at his visitor for low seconds— very hard. Then he leaucd baok In his chair, kicked up his hoola, and burst into a fit of laughter. " Bubbles I " ho gasped. " yon are n wan of business; This is rcduciug lovo to a icienco of commercial economy." "That's as may be,", salii tho other sullenly. " Come, ore you agi ecablo?" " Aorccabln I "echoed Mr Hprngglei. " I should think so. Haud n.o time writiug pad."' Then lre wrote out this form of agreement «— " Mr Bubbles proposes to Mr Bpraggles, that be, Mr Spraggles, should, in con sideration ol receiving 1100, resign all pre- tenuous to tbe haud of Mrs Blogg, widow 1 and Mr Bpraggles, hereby receiving tho said sum of L100, does so resimi such pretensions, subject lo the approval 0? Mrs Blogg. 4 read by Ur'Bpranlps, ikg document ran. thus 5— "in consideration, and upon receipt of. LJQ0. J, Augustus Spragglef undertake to leave tha colooy of Victoria fcr twelve months, and in no way to inter fere with Mr Babbles in his suit for the hsn<l of Mrs Blopg.' v " Yill that do?" asked the volatile Spragglcs. " Splendid," wss the answer of the delighted Bubbles. You're a man of 'onor, Spraggles. And now for tho other part of the bargain. You're a schoi&rd.; I ain't— 1 want you to writo for mo a first- class proposal of marriage. Thcro's ten tenners. Put Vm iu your pocket, and make good use of 'em." Mr Spragglcs fairly gasped when the ex- grocer handed over tea crisp bank notes, each of LIO value. He placed them in bis pocket with a chuckle. Then be wrote tho following letter j — "Dear Mrs Blogg,— This moraine Mr Hubble called upon me and otTerca me L100 to resign all pretensions to your hand. 1 took tbe money, which is at your service, if, in these hard times, yen should be pressed. I need not say that millions would not bribe me from the hope of ono day calling yon my own. Babbles has engaged tnc to writo a proposal of marriage to yon on his behalf. I have placed this in iris haada for traiismiuion to you. As you may be aware, this iguorant person cannot read nor write. It is for you, dear lady, to choose between tho rich block head and the pnor gentleman." As read hy Mr Spraggles tu Mr Bubbles, tho letter ran than Dearest Mrs Blogg — As you aro aware, I have long given my affections to you. I tore you, inarf&m;, with most disinterested affection, which is moro than could be said by Mr Spragglcs, or any of his sort. At my ri-ne of life lovo is not a fleeting passion. Give nic the right to pro tect end cherish you. Grant mc an inter view, in order that 1 may lay before you, not only the state of my affections, but that of my worldly affairs. Let me, by placing beforo you the talancc-shcct of my affections and my property, prove at once the purity of my ssperations, and the sound ness of my exchequer. — Your adorer, Wm. Bubbles. "That'll fetch her, Bubbles. Women love metaphor, and this Is choke full of it." " What a clever chap you are, to he sure," cried Bubbles, ecstatically. " Lor' bless me,- ii I hadn't compromised with ycr, I shouldn't ha' had a ghost of a chance. Thankve, Spraggics. I suppose you'll ho off at "Oh, yes, in less than a week," and ho added under Mb breath, " on tny honeymoon trip." Theu aloud, " As you said, my dear sir, these matters are best settled when re duced to a question of pounds, shillings and pence," and he bowed lire other oat of the room : after which he sat down on his rickctty old armchair, and laughed until his ril>3 ached. That evening, Mr Spragglcs received a note from the widow, inviting him to supper. Sho received hint with the prettiest nir of consciousness, under which, however, a tender melancholy was observable to tbe shrewd Spragcle. NYhllo they were at supper Mr Spragglcs put the momentous question. Supper time, as the rascal knew, is a good time ts propose to a widow. A euggestivo domesticity hangs around, wldch is always calculated to wake a widow kind. "Mr Spraggles," said tho lady, "I will not deny that I regard you with feelings of tho icnderost nature. I haro great belief in you, nml would willingly conftdo my happiness to yohf 6670- Mut, — " and hero tlm lady hesitated. "Speak, darling," whispered Bpraggles, taking her hand. " I atn no longer the rich woman I was," said Mrs Blugg faiutlv. Spracglcs felt a cold chill go down his initio. " In nil evil hour," she went on, '"and following the advice of a friend, I realised my property, and invested the wholoof the proceeds—" " With Larkin?" gasped the lover. " No j in tlie Land Credit Bank. Now you know all do you still urgoyourauitfand the widow's fino grey eyes were lixed upon his face. What inspiration urecd him to throw into that faco-sn expression of the deepest sympathy, the tenderest condolence ? How catno the lucky thought to him, that (Iris was tho 'imperial moment for making sere of his viotory. Ilo drew. Mrs Blogg to his breast. "My poor, wronged, swindled dnrling," he murmurred. "But grieve not. Wiiilo I havo health and intellect you shall never want, l'erish tho money. But for that, you should havo been mine long ago. Don't thiuk about it, dearest. Only say that you love mo — ," "I do, I dol" cried tho widow hysteri cally. "Best of men. Ah, Augustus, for give mc. I did but jest. I have nob lost my tnonoy." Mr Spraggles winked inwardly, as ho thought. "I was right then. It was only a moro ot tho old girl to try inc." Then no let go Ids hold of tho robust form of the widow, end resumed his seat. A sad and disap pointed expression was in bisfaco. "Ah!" ho exclaimed—1 " Then perhaps you will think 1 ciro for your inonoy 7" Tho widow came to him and kissed him. " Of course you do— a littlo," alio said. " But I know now that it is I you waut, and not my fortune. Am I the lct.8 acccptablo that 1 am still fairly well off? Why, you dear, old gooso, shall we not bo the happier for my money. Believe mc," and sho spoke sadly, " tncro Is very little happiness with out it, let them say what they may. And now, dear, it is tiino for you to go. I havo iny reputation to think of," and with this, tho widow kissed tho ourapturcd Spragglcs nut of tho house. They were married 12 months ago, and spent their honeymoon anil Christmas Id Tasmania. When they returned, Mr Bub bles brought on action against Spragglcs for breach of agreement, but ills cuao was literally laughed out of court by Mr Skip jack, the celebrated barrister in such matters, "All is fair in love and war," and Mr Spraggles has given graphic proof of the soundness of the axiom. As for Mr Bubbles, ho declares that if he had known as much as Ire docs now, ho would havo placed faith in neither man nor woman— wliioh is wluta far moro intellectual person than Mr William Bubbles obsorved, iu tho good old days of Queen Elizabeth. 