BBOADBRIM'S NEW XOItK LETTER. W.C.T.TT. CONFERENCE, The Presbyterian Council to consider the trial of the Rev. Charles A. Brings for heresy met at the old Scotch Church on Monday, and, after much consideration, a good deal of which was on the north side of friendly, on Tuesday arrived at the con clusion that, as the discussion was likely to be heated, they had better postpone it until November, when the excitement of the election was over and there was a probability of the thermometer reaching 30 degrees. One of the reliable newspapers here, in giving the report of Monday's proceedings, stated that Dr.. Booth called Professor Clark a liar-. Dp. Booth rose to a question of privilege on Tuesday and declared!, that he had never said anything of the kind-r what he did say was, that Professor Clark had not told the truth; so it appears then th«.t he wished him to be considered a liar in a Pickwickian sense. Professor Clark accepted his. re-v. brother's explanation, but seemed, to ha\e an utter contempt for his logic. Professor Briggs j addressed the council on Tuesday, and was listened to with great attention, but, from the whispers heard oh every 'oide, there is no more doubt of his conviction than that the sun shines. But Union Theological Sen>inary stands at the back of her recalci ■ trant son like a wall of steel and endorses his famous, pronunciamouto notwithstanding < the pro.tast of the Pan Council and the Westminster Confession. Since first this question was agitated, things have taken rather a queer turn, an^ it is. safe to say, if | the matter wore left entirely to the clergy, j the whole thiug would be allowed to drop j out of aight and Doctor Bngge would j never h3 tried, but the balance of i powe? is in the hands of the lay | delegates, and they to a man are in favor of | pushing Dr. Briggs to the wall. Biblical | scholars in the Presbyterian, church and out j of it have long- been aware of errors and inconsistencies that have been engrafted in the sacred book by imperfect translation and still more imperfect human -execution, which led by the common consent of the Evangelical churches to a scholastic exami nation syad correction of what was known as King James's Bible, p, n\ymbep. of years ago. Some of the ablest Bible scholars of the age were engaged in the wort, but to this day- it has t^eyer met, in the church or out of it, a general acceptance. As I moved about among their delegates and heard their expressions of opinion, I could not keep from thinking of Tom Hood's immortal lines; " Alas for the rarity Of Christian charity." Two reverend brothers from the interior of the State were conversing together in a very excited manner. One, whose face was clean shaven, of lon^ lank visage, with jaws as bard as steel, said; " Brother B, we don't want any atheists or infidels in the Presbyterian church; let him get out where he belongs, and if he don't, we'll drive him out 5"- " That's the talk/' replied Brother Bi shaking his friend warmly by the hand, " I'm with, yon. every time." With such a spirit as this it is evident that the fight will be to, the death. It is fortunate for Professor Briggs that he lives in New Nork and in the Nineteenth Century, or he might share 'the fate of Servitus in Geneva or John Huss in the market place of Constance. Not tho least impprtant meeting of the. week was the Women's Christian Temper ance Union, which occurred on Tuosday at the Broadway Tabernacle and continued through the week. A very intelligent, hard-working and determined body of temperance apostles were they, and the dram-drinkers will have to look out when they are armed with the ballot. There were committees on everything, and the ten minute pttje was s,ternly enforced, so that the speakers had but brivf time toair-thei? eloquence. The secretary had.a watch.on the table before her and kept her hand oa the bell, and when tho oratrix struck the ten-minute limit down came the- belli When a fat lady from one of the upper counties was suddenly cut off by the boll a spinster i i tho back of the hall sang out "Chestnuts'." This irreverent remark nearly upset the convention, and it was some minutes before they could proceed. One of the most alarming reports was from the committee on tobacco, and if the report be true the terrible cigarette is not solely confined to dudes and naughty boys, but that the girls t tke stolen whiffs behind the door. There is one comfort about this miserable indulgence, if it is true. It is a vice that cannot be indulged in secret, for if the cigarettes they Binoke are anything like those in use here youi can smell them a block off, and no self-respocting young man would ever think of keeping company with a girl who would make herself such a public nuisance. Notwithstanding the report off tie Women's Christian Temperance Union, I hope it is not truo—at least of those whom we consider good girls; for the other kind of girls I am not quite sure but a little smoke and a little fire might purify tlieui. but I leave that matter with tie union, Just before they adjourned they sent their congratulations to Mrs. Cleveland on the late addition to her family. _ When the question was put it was carricd with an unanimous aye, and the resolutions were formulated and sent up by special messenger. But it was in matut lining a headquarters at New York that they showed the stuff that they were made of. The sum involved for rent was only between three- awl four hundred dollars, and some sister lrom away , back, on the score of economy, proposed to close - the headquarters in New York. Then the fun began. The president left the chair and. took the floor, and in a sjjeech of burn-. ■ ing eloquence protested against iA. Several took the- other side, when &, little •weak j sister rose-in. her place and sftid.her county would give twentyJiye dollars towards it. Then like an> avalanche came offers of assistance from every sideband "when motion was made to pay of tit** •deJ it the money still rolled in until eight thousand <JpUars were raised on the spot. Xt was one of the most orderly, best conducted assemblies ever- fetlcs in Thjo- siisy, and reflected; unbounded honor oa woman's work. I A funny case camo up in. the courts this j week which,. I believe, has few parallels in onr calendar-. Paul Katz. a German, aged 27 years, fefl desperately in love with Miss Nettle Lehnelson, who owns up to 33. In regard to the lady I can only eay she looks every day of' it..- The-y had been courting a year before Mr. Katz could summon courage enough to.pop the question, but on December second he put on his best Sunday suit and called on his sweetheart and asked her to. accompany him to the City Hall, there and then to. become Mrs. Katz. Both the parties were Hebrews, and Miss Lehnelson, who waa a stranger to onr institutions, thought it was only a kind of preliminary engagement, as there was no Rabbi in sight, and when Alderman McCarty asked her if she would take Paul Katz for better or worse, she readily exclaimed, " Yaw void." So tne alderman ] pronounced them man and wife. Then they parted, and each went home as if j nothing had happened. In a little while, | however, P&ul; called on his Nettle to fulfil her part of the contract and be his. jfci-U; but as Nettle had never been to the Rabbi she did not consider herself married at all. In the nick of time she. had another admirer, who had been, a playmate of \- Paul Katz in Germany, and he told Nettle that Paul had a glass eye. This discovery acted lite an explosion of dynamite. She did not mind marrying a bully boy, but she didn't -want a " bully boy -with a glass eye V' So she immediately broie the engagement, Paul has now appealed to the courts for a divorce, which there is no doabt he 'will get, B-ut the moral of this story to all future lovers is, " Mind your eye." But while Presbyterians, Methodists, and temperance, peiple have been unusually active all the week, politics have not been forgetten,. and every republican who thinks that the Hon. J. Sk>at Fassett is going to hare a walk over, had better have attended the Democratic meeting at the Cooper Institute on Thursday- evening last. While it brought all factious of the demo cracy together, it w;is eminently a County Democracy endorsement of the State ticket, and the make-up of the meeting gave cold comfort to the republicans who were looking for a break in the ranks of the ®zi terrified. Maurice J. Power beamed benignantly on Richard Croker's ablest lieutenants, and some of the staunchest supporters of Tam many declared that there re;illy never was any substantial difference between Tam many and the Counties which should keep them ap u t on election day. But - the most assuring feature of tha meeting and the one most pregnant with results, was the appearance on the sam» platform of Ex-President Grover Cleveland and Governor David R. Hill—the two opposing candidates for tins Pxeoidency in 1892, whose claims threaten to split the democracy of the State of New York, which, if persisted in, may lose its thirty sis; electoral votes to tho Democratic party. For the nonce, you could not have told whether it was a County or a Tammany meeting. Grover Cleveland, who- presided* received a tremendous ovation,, and Governor Hill, who made the speech of the night, was evidently in the home of his friends. His speech was a terrific arraignment of the sepublican candidate, Mr. Fassett, of Mr. Piatt, and the republican party, and was received with cheers that shook the house.. But th* audience that packed every nook an 1 co .-nor of the Cooper Institute great hall was only a small portion of the crowd that came out to see ex-President Cleveland and to hear Governor Hill. There were acres and acres of democrats that crowded Aster Place and np and down the Bowery for blocks. The vast crowd surged and seethed- like the waves of an angry sea, and when they hurrahed the very earth seemed to tremble. The meeting was a great success,. and seemed to justify the remark made by Judge Power, "If the county democracy is dead, this is a — lively ghost." Both parties are on their mettle, and things are just booming. Politics hive taken a strange turn with our neiglibois over in Brooklyn, which, for the time being at least, threatens to end the political career of a very promising young statesman—Mr. Chapin, the present mayor. Only four weeks ago a delegation of five hundred democrats good and true, at an expense of over twelve thousand dol lars, went to the convention at Saratoga to nominate Mr. Chapin for Governor, but Mr. Flower got the prize and Mr. Chapin got left. On his return to Brooklyn he was anxious to got a ^e-nomination for the office of mayor, when the local leaders suddenly disco voted that his connection with the scwealled water steal had so damaged his chances that he might impair the safety of ifye State ticket, sq they threw him overboard,, bag ^nd baggage. But it is funny, very funny; the very men who were backing him with their dollars as a candidate for Governor, go back on him for the office of mayor. Well, politics is politics, and that is all there is of it.. 