The hl'uic That Con?itrer's Catre. Nay, frown not, fairest I Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wino ; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulso with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul tonight. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and qunci The wine that conquers care ; And breathe upon the glowing cup, Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange groves Upon rome tropic sea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Ring bravely out once more I Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the pastl My soul ehall follow thee Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conqueris care; A Great Traffic in Fowls.--Speaking of the immense number of -fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The sides are of latticeowork, and internally the van is dividdd!into-nine tiers, or shelves. Ou each tier there-are twelve cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the- prodigious number of three thousand,two hundred and fifty-fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tins for water on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank IItaven that we a o not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment ol animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow could see the arrangements that are made for the eccomodstion of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the careless kindhearted ness of the English. and handed over to the calculating merei.s of the Italian. Beggars Supported by Gminblers.--'er haps the estuberes are use bre: .llppert rf beggars. It you know where a poker game or afaro bank is beted-of course you don't; you never saw anythi?g of that kind, and I know , will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, it, indeed, you know what they are-you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are eunerstitious, and they will not upon any consileatioin pass a beggar by without giving him a emall contribution. It would be bad luck. Perhans there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their heloing theneedy. A gambler will borrow to give to a begar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the supersiition. He had a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the curtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He rave him a penny. " There," said Ihe, " that's good luck. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure. " I wish I'd given him a florin I " he said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costumes.-Riehard Wagner gener. ally received his visitors in mediaeval costumes such as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. " You are all dressed up to play 'Gessler,' eh?" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelings of the author of "Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned h. Dumas' visit when next he went to Paris. After same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life- belt round his waist, and enormous riding boots. "Pardon me," said he majestically, " for appearing in my working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me when I write my love scenes." Moral Courage.--There is a brave man in Kentucky. 'Ine State is noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we speak of has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Rhea. On the stump recently, Mr. Rhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Rhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 3. There was some one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Ken. tucky. These are arguments which his op. ponents will find it difficult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most scrapulous personal respect. A feeble but facetious applicant' for em. ploymentin Brisbane called upon the alder man from his ward, the other day, and press. ing his claime to consideration upon the ground of service rendered upon electioni urged the alderman to secure him-a place. " Why, my dear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of the question; there is no one of the departments that would fit your case." "Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department ? " 'I Female students are numerous in Paris (most of them ltuesiasr), and generally poor, so they club together and put their resourcea into.a oommon fund. One room is used as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., and a sinsta ntai rlb winc ro** 