HOW a GOOD SHIP was LOST. On the night. of October. 27th, the good ship ' Mary Oompton,' of Bristol, England, was struggling with, a fearful gale off the coast of North Ameiica. 1 The winrl blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse ou the Iron Rock Shoals. This licrhtbouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on con fidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing hod happened. An enemy of the, lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot atd extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit P ' You are beyond human aid.' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for he might.be wrong — and in any case . he had no business to put., out the ? light. This woman bad been ill for some time. In June, 18S9, she was greatly alarmed by. her symptoms. Her .heart palpitated, arid she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. | Her head whirled 'and,' she said, ' all ob jects seemed to' go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of fal ling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her ;frame so that she could not lie down in bed, and sleep. ' I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she says, ' I was so weak. I tried differ ent remedies and medicines without avail. I .went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked, the doctoi to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed' you some medi cine ; you can 'take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. ' I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, 1 Yon fire past human aid .' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mothers love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till 1 was as thin as a ghost\ .My mother came to see me and did not know ine. , My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate a/nything it seemed to stick in my ' throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up wais tinged with blood. Once I began to votnit at nine o'clock on a Saturday uiur iing and scarcely got rest from, it until Monday i ling. ' At this liuitf 1 iemembered that Mrs. Wilson, with ^aom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East- street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Symp. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stop ped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the- second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and wa& fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than evpr. before in my life. 'I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have, related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case.of , indigestion and dys pepsia, with symptoms showing how : far it had affected the nervous system. A few monthsj or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 