gunbar. _ SATURDAY. January 31. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Scarcely a rabbit is to be seen on the plain country now. and what few there is are thin and emaciatcd, mere ghosts of raboits, unable to move out of your way. It is different in scrub and beside water. There they are lively BB ever, because they get plenty to eat and drink The different bushes are barked as far up the stem as bunnv can reach. The Itev. Mr. Varso, Church of England minister at Hillston, preached in the Presbyterian Church here last Sunday to a good congregation. Strange, that though the church here is open to any Protestant minister, yet a Presbyterian minister wont be allowed the nse of an Anglican pQlpit. I learn that the late rainfall registered double the quantity 30 miles north of us that we had here. At Whealbah there fell 41 inches. 10 miles north of that fi inches, Vagg's H.L. 603 points, Molong 400 points. The water thereabouts has spread far and wide. The swamps are as deep and full as they were any time during the past winter: it was not the L&chlan; that caused this phethora of water, only the local rainfall. The Lachlan then came tumbling down as it has since A party in a buggv from here to the north had the greatest difficulty possible in getting through the swamps and swollen creeks, and owe their safety to a pair ot staunch horses, When they reached Box Creek, a little four four-year old girl, who rode with her parents, exclaimed as she saw the rolling creek, « Let it rip. We'll turn back again." The first month of the year ends at 12 °- c '° ck to-night, and with the exception of the roaster we bad on 4th inst., few can remember of a January more temperate and cool. One person eaid to-day, "I fere been in this place for 13 years and never found a previous January like this—so unoppressive and bearable." We have had hotter days, with the above-named exception, in A pril. Mr. G. Spry, the. biggest teamster on the roft'Is, who has three teams constantly nn the move, and whose waggons when I aded resemble haystacks in size, carry seven and eight tons of goods. He has got built for himself a new waggon with tyres that measure 8in. in breadth, It is sunposed their great width will present the wheels sinking in wet weather like other wheels. The freightage from Uarratbool to Hillstoti is now £5 per ton. Mr. Spry says it does not pay, as thuy have all the feed to buy. The grass that made a feeble attempt to spriag np since the rain has gone under again, except on the margin of small lakes. So, notwithstanding the season's abnormal rainfall the country here' away was hardly eversovoii of grass and herbage I have been taken to task for stating things as they are and as I find them, in short for calling a Ep&de; a spade ; but I was built that way. It's a weakness of mine whic'a I cannot help, nor would I if I could. What we want is another downpour to wash out tha poison the locusts seem to have left in their trail. In connection with the me.npjlitfin journals there are what is cilled " pickers-up," reporters who go round and take notes of any matter thut may turn up of geccral interest. Country correspondents are not precluded, I presume, from forwarding anything of a spicy, pithy nature, whether it be local or not. In fact general readers like tbesa tit-bits even before dry, hard, local facts, and the correspondent who relates a short story, or a funny anecdote, or a wi;ty ssy ing, will be read before productions of more scholastic and elaborate pretentions. Here is a bit I picked up, and the benedict who wrote it ought to be curtain-lectured for a whole week God bless our wives; They fill our lives Willi little bi'ca and honey. They case life's shocks And racud our socks; But don't they sjtend the money ? When we are sick They heal us quick. That is, if they love us; If not, we die. And yet they cry. With juat one eye, A nd wink the other on the sly To some young- man above us. 