The Warneford ,Ghost. SThe house Is very full, Florence, and I al .thought ponwould not uind sleeping in this I room," maid Miry ''srntalord, as the uahrerd w mo into a large, airy bedroom, into which the in bright rays of the setting sun were streaming di aloriously on acertain afternoon in a bygone sn June. it "I really ace no viible reason why I ol bshould do so," I replied jestingly, with a hi smile. "I think it about as aharming a room as it well can be." an " The room is fairly pleasant in its way," h, she returned carelessly. "Only, as you know, it is aupposed to hbe haunted." SItonented i" I repealed, euthrer ghast. I "Do you mean to esay that this is the haunted h rooe f r"Tes, it is the room that is said to be El haunted," she replid quiht'y. " Da you ob- b, joel to it? If sopray sy so, dear." e words woke me to a sense o my duty d to my hostess. " Oh, dear, no," I replied quickly. " I call n it most interesting ?" in "Very interesting, no doubt, to those who it believe in ghosts," she returned quietly. '"I do not,orI need seoarcely sayl should not have n nut you in this room." SOt courar, I know that, and ol course tho ghost qooestion is all nonsene," I agsned b lightly. " Just so, dear," alto returned in the same tone. "I hnew you were blessed witlh a y little commca sense. and that was why I seleeted you as a suitable occupant for this It room. VWe all know that you are quitenhabove b anything of this sort, and do not possesa subh inconvenient things at 'nerves.'" And with this flatltering assurance ringing to in my ears I found mysell alone in the it haunted room at \\\'.arneord Abbey. I looked curiously around it. A charm- o Ing room certainly. but haunted,the haunted c room. y Now the hbanted room at Warneford Abbey was about as well known as the haunted d house in enrkeley square, and toe years it r bad been elusely locked against al poaible a intruders. r It was an understood fact that the late Sir v Charles Warneford did not like any mention b of the Warneford ghost to be made in his presence. t There had been a charming mystery about i a the Warneford haunted room. veryone a told a different story about it, and everyone nas quite snres that his version of it was the a true one. Some people swore it was a man; some people knew for a nfact it was a woman; others were sure it was a monster, too dread- t ot in its hideousness to be deetribed, and a others had been told, on reliable authority, . that it had a tail and cloven feet, and its form altogether was the reverso to heavenly. I But when Mary's husband, the present r baronet, camu into the property, which he v did very shortly betfore the time this story t begins, be took quite an original riew of the l ease, and proolaimed for and wide that there s was no ghost at all, much less a monster. t Mary backed him up about it. They an looked thebs room, had it thoroughly done up and refurnished, and gave it to be understood that they could not underetand how anyone in his senses oould possibly have believed that there could have been a word of truth in any of those old, foolish, superatitioues stories. And it was thus Mary coolly introduaed the first guest into that haunted room. Did I quits like it when I found myself alone there ? Of course it is nice to be told that you pcssess plenty of common Rense, and that your nerves are good; and equally, of courre, to proclaim yoursell no wirer than yoursneighbors, and your nerves only indif' ferent, in thse fae of such high pratse, is a moral impossibility; but there is a great deal of difference betweens proclaiming a thing and thinking it. My duty to my hostess had forced me to treat the matter in a conventionally light manner; but uo sooner did I tied myself alone than I began to think that there is an unnecessary amount of conventionality in the world, and that il one might sometimes indulge in an noubrcaltof sincerity it would be an infnite relief to one's feelings. But I had not indulged in one, and there I was in the haunted room, feeling very muob as thebs man who once jumped a big fence by acoldant, and eser afterward had to keep nup his character as a hard rider, must hare felt. I gazed around the room in an sawestruck manner, and came quickly to the conclusion that the thing I liked the least in it was the bed. A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on which was carved innumerable extremely unnttrac tive objects. Heads of murderous-looking men and women, interwoven among horrible, openmouthed animals, which had never been copied from any of the cpecies supposed to have come out of the ark, and were not the less ghastly because their proportione wEre a physical impossibility. No, I certainly did not like the bed in which I was doomed to sleep that night at all. However, lucky for my peace of mind, I had not much time to spare in meditation. We had arrived just in time to dress for dinner-papa, ollly and I-and when Mary left me I had only hall an hourin whieb to unpack my dressing-oase, rummage in my box for some evening elothes, and dress my aelf for dinner. Molly was the beauty of ur family, and, therefore, of course, monopolised the almost undividedattention of our maid. We spent a pleasant enough evening. Mary understood thoroughly heow to keep things going, and it was long after twelve o'clock when we ladies trooped upstairs to bed. Molly ceme into my room for a few moments, and commented condescendingly upon the facot that it was a nice room. I fancaied she was rather annoyed to find it much larger and more elaborately furnoished than her own. Molly was a capital girl in some ways, hut just a trife spoilt in others, and she used to liketo be thought a very important young lady, and to get the best of everything. Alny way, she did not slay long with me that evening, but, after a few remarks as to how Mlies Jameson Carr-Murton - the latest American beauty-had hated her all the avening,and how much more she would hate her before the next few days were over, she went yaswning itf to her own room. It was next door to mine. Once again I found myself alone in the haunted room. But this time I was resolved not to think about it. I was nervour, and I knew that the more my miold dwell upon the matter, the more nervous I slould become, and so I bustled energeticallg about the room, heapedoals upon the fire, which, had the season had its due, ought to have been conspicuous by its absence, and began to undreass. I had not mentioned anything about it to oelly. Talking about it would only hone made it worse, and Molly would probably only have laughed at me had I done so, for since she was not going to sleep in tte haunted room herEell, she would cecrtainly haoe been disposed to treat the ghoul ques lionlightly. A tap at my door, and Muerden, our maid, enterd the room. "I shall not want nwything tounitot, Marsden," I eclaimed, upon seeing tier. " It you will eanon moy doine ao, 1 wish t0 say a tow nords to you, my lady," she re plied in a srther nervous mooner. " lucre are some terrible alte goinig down in the eousekeepareso room, my lady, about this room," she seid, in a omyalerious whisper. "Thanh you, ?loMor'en. I know all about it, tboglth. ItnuosLed"'I erplied with would betndiflfreneo. "Yes, my lady, terriblyhaotntld, Ibeliece; and, not teeling qotits toappy about your ladystip's oleepinto here, I took the liberty oa looking about the room a little tbis ouen ing." "Thanh you again, MIaraden, for thinking of me. Well, and what have you discovered I" I raourued lightly. "This, my lady,"sto replied quietly, draw. tag aside a curtoin as she epoke, and disolou ing behind ito smut) panollad door. ge it a cupboard ?" i ootuired. "No,'my lady." ebo reeilied, opening the door and reoealing a small, narrow, eatremoly steep, winding Ilight oa stairs. "I don't know where it leads to," she continued sonlmnly, "but I don't libe the looke of As a nettler of fact noe more dirt 1. i\Va will ltik this door, Mtrredon;' I to. turned with deciion. " There is neither hey nor bolt, your lady ship,' she oexlaimed protestingly. nd, seeing that she was right in this, I was forced to hide my lears, and, foigning e indifference, to put an end to the matter by c diamisriong her. But no sooner badl nileft dl me than 1 seizid a candlestliok and hurried into 2tlolly'a room. I had eiven up 4ll den 0 of sleeping alone in the 1Varnevlrd Abbey haunted roonmr. Molly already was sleeping Eoundly, but wit'hout a moment's consideraticn I waoke lier. " Whtl is it, dear?" she inquired droweily.9 "Wake up, Molly, I'want to talk to you," t I replied briskly, sitting down on thie loor ofl her bd. " Can I sleep in here with you 2" "lly dear Florence, just look at the bed I" rho eelaimred, riing up as shn spoke, and beltoning an indignente glance upon Oi. l "jit i certainly ratlitr small," I replied dolelully. "Small! Indeed it is. I assure you it in nearly hall a yard too short, andn r to turn. ing over in it, it is a sheer imposesibilty,"he i reitrned testily. ' 0e, I am so glad I' I exalaimed, and meant what I said." '" Glad ' rhe repeated, ' ''ry glad; beonuee I have a huge double bed in my room, and I want you to share it with lee." But, my dear, I am so sleepy, and I know t you will talk all.night." SNo, indeed I will not, Molly," I.assured lher. " You mustcome, really. The room is banord." " Haunted 2" " Yes ; haunted. Mary has given moe the haunted room, and I assuro you I don't like it.' F " I will come,, Florence," sric agreed at once. "I call this too bad of Mary. Wo cannot both sleep in here; and, ot course, yeou cannot Bleep alone there." And, without turtherdelay. rhe put on her droesiag go0n and 0allonid ilhe into myoc room. It soon became evident to me that b I she loiobed upon the lortheomicig night as a rather excitiRng adventure, and nhat upon the whole ahe was prepared to smile upon me for r having sought her prosection, b SJuas as she was getting into bed her atten a tion was attratetd by my friend, the bed b I stead, and she peered curiousaly at it for r 5 evertal minutes in her noar.sighted way. S" n ell tbrt distinctly nray," she re- ti marked with would-be gaieity. "I wonder if Sone can sleep comflorlably in that bed I" if "Shall we try ?" I returned, suiting my a tone to hers; and before long we both had p I our beads on thebs pillows, and silence reigned n in the haunted room. SSo complete wasr the silenes that I believed SMolly to have gone to sleep almost im I mediately. I was rather restless myeelf, but was just dozing cit at last, when Iolly Stuorned over so violently two or three times b ethat she left me absolutely without bed- a e clothes. I was obliged to remonstrate, al- a Sthough roluctant to d o so becanse of her good.naturoeincominginto my haunted room a P with me. Y "ou pulled al the bedlothes offn when you turned over the last time, dear," I pro t ested gently. "I really should not have a disturbed you about it it you had left the e sheet, bat-" "Pray take them all," she replied shortly. el Molly's temper was rather short sometimes. "Thib is a most uncomfortable arrange II ment." d " Do not be crors,"I suggested calmly. e, "Let us go to sleep," she agreed. F. This time nothing happened to distuarb os, I n and we both did go to sleep, and slept for f' sereralhours,. S When I next awokae I did so with a start, at and trembling all over sat bolt opright in I 'd bed. Mly breath camo in quick, spasmodi I gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes bse o canme fied in a horrid atarenpon the curtain it which covered the secret door. If Undeniably there were footsteps coming n slowly and stealthily down the hidden stair n ease I a The fire burnt dimly in the grate, casting d an unnaturasl, ghostly light over the scene, I and horribly weird did that large, oak I panuelled room look by that feeble, flickering I t ilght. y Utterly powerless to more or speak, I sat P there in a waking nightmare as those foot re steps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just Outside the door. i 1 tried to close my eyes; but no, some n etrange, uncanny influence seemed to hold 0 them riveted upon the curtlain, which pre-. b seatly was slowly drawn aside. E' Very stealthily the emaeinted figure of a 0 very tall woman entered the room. Slowly e, and noiselessly this blob-roehd figurecrossed 0 over to one of the windows, pulled back the o curtanino with a long bluc-white hiand, and 'e stood gazing outward in the soft brilliant a light of the full moon. ' Still unable to stir a fioger or utter even a 'o single word, I seemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with its backh toward me. O0 Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, r and began to rapidly move across the room 7 toward the bed in which Ilay. Murder and O insanity were plainly visible upon the faceof I y the woman who approached me. Her lonug ' cloak was thrown back, and in her right hand she hbeld a targeand extremely awkward it lookingknife. But, ah,Heaven, therelief of it it It was a living woman with whom I had to deal g" Another second and I had ronsed Molly, P and was out of bed, struggling with my foe, re whom I so much sorprised by the quickness to of my movements that, with only the matter of two unpleasant gashes, one on my hand w and another on hero, I sucoedingin wresting i ly she knife from her and throwing it far away I out of the open window. it Then it merely became a case of physical d strength; and, as I was luckily a strongly. built woman, I held my own very satisflo. t terily against her, until Molly brought every to one in the huurE into the haunted room by tO her screame in the corridor outside it. y' Is provred to be the housekeeper, who had at lived at iVarnefold for nearly fifty years, and 'i whom no one had ever connected with the st ghost in the haunted room, although the he servants declared that they had always to known that she eulcered from its of insanity, he but that they bat never cared to mention it, knowing that shie was a favorite and a vain. able old rerrvant. They had believed her to be be quite barmlese. S A little mistake, by the way, which might be haves been awkward lforme. be, Id TE amnount of ateat which the sun sends en forth every second is calculated to be so to great that it would requirol 2 quadlrillions of aons of coal to produce it-an amount quite to beyond the power of the common mind to ne srusp. The imount o wrater which it raies ly from the earth every minute is estimated at or the enormous weight of 37,000,000,000 of ie eten. eTp ting of the bee is so peculiarly eon' atructed that if you pull it out, inetead of re 4 lieving thie pain, it adds greatly to it, tor in etend of pulling out the poison, you push it it e i rho the sle. This in not genrrally knlown, Shlne the severer pain from the sting. SorapO to the sting out imemediately wiic a hnife, and eg yea scrape the poison out also, rD I stonier. en get youehave been eleog. 20 Tie Caredian (lOnecmeatCeOaed In pgrnt ce mssiated pasragesa to emigrants in July, 1t9i; but tlie tatliscis of the port of ilontreal Ut asow that 8. li, emigrants arrived in hint d- city last year, against p.IRl the year beulre, and that the imnigration is now of a better ci alass than formerly, the amount of money Ir brourghct by the new cimers having risen lrom 17 £5,140 to In£llll.l Of laol rear' arrinats 0'ibould be naidl that 1,01O were on their way to the Uoited mtales. I" Tim almost ienicren t verdiot of tGormen scionlisl is ngeiiiRt rmoktin10 and enul taking v. as extremely iiijuirios. Ililrotlr, liii famouis e- Viennaa rsogen, eyo: "'in Iattino posterity ol the niewtininel anit' aloolinlived higher eociety is becoming steadily weaker and 'e more nervoue, is by no meanos urprialog. ty T'lle oloosel incrooen ol nervo and mind 1'I diseases in our day in indonbtrdly tie result, id to a great exieno, of the tobaote and alnohol of habit, and at tie straining of the nervous system tanned by Ibese pieones." 