N'mPOftTE. Bt J. O. B. A series of national concerts is being given at a Sydney hall. The performers are all practised professionals. A few nights ago one of the most accomplished of them created wild enthusiasm by the way he imitated bagpipes upon the fiddle. The question naturally suggests itself. If people desire to hear a pibroch, why not secure an instrument of the kind and a broad-chested Scot to blow it? Surely no imitation, howsoever creditableor faithful, can approach the real thing itself. There is another and more serioiiA side to the Question. Imitations of the kind named may be very remarkable, may even evoke widespread enthusiasm, but they are not music any more than the Balaclava charge was war. Once more, purely national music and purely national instruments are very good in their way. But real music, like the instruments which execute it, is more cosmopolitan than national in character. In fact, now I think of it, the best work of any kind — artistic, literary, or scientific — might almost be considered anti-national. It is scarcely fair to the fiddle to be obliged to neglect its legitimate work in order to imitate the pib roch — it is certainly not fair to the bagpipes. * * * * In the Eev'tew of Reviews (Stead's magazine) for September are two items of more than common interest. One is a picture of the Holy Coat of Treves ; the other, an invitation to all readers of the Review to send authentic ghost stories to the editor. A steady look at the coat is apt to undermine all but the most robust faith in relics. Yet there it is, or was, in the middle of latitudinarian and laughing Germany, with an interminable procession of devout peasants passing tearfully before it from morn till dewy eve. The exhibition has made business a little slack at Lourdes, through drawing off a large amount of the season's custom from the latter place. But is there so much difference after all between Hie simple faith of these poor peasants and the statements of the sceptical Mr. Stead, written amid the roar of half -pagan London, that ' there is more evidence to establish the reality of ghostly apparitions than there is to ? convict most of the murderers who ever were hanged. Taking it, therefore, as conclusively established that such apparitions do appear, we are still as far off as ever from knowing the laws of their being.' In view of the foregoing, it is painful to think on what slender testimony the .bulk of murderers have been executed. Ghosts proceed from the stomach in nine cases out of ten, and, probably, from hysteria in the tenth. The editor of the Revictc may rest assured of obtaining before Christmas, by which time the stories are to . be sent in, as choice a collection of marvel and mystery as ever unhinged an enthusiast's brain. But it is doubtful if a single genuine case will be received from Australia. To old lands alone do ghosts belong. There is no room for them in new. * # ? ♦ A Glebe Point man (Sydney) was summoned this week for discharging- his gun last Sunday. He didn't want it to be lying about the house loaded, with children passing to and fro ; so, to make sure and prevent accidents, he fired it off. He was let off with the costs of court and told to be careful. Had his young son looked down the barrel and got the contents in his head there would have been no costs, except for the coffin. Always a wonderful people, the British. Waterloo was fought on a Sunday ; but there is every reason to suppose the soldiers were not punished for firing. Still, it is in the far interior of New South Wales, ~ away beyond the Barling, that the discharging' or even carrying of firearms during the Sabbath is punished with becoming severity. When the river was a banker, the ' billabongs ' overflowing, and the toothsome black ducks in myriads in every lagoon, the unfortunate that started on Saturday night bo as to catch the fowl feeding at dawn had to pay dearly for his Sunday's dinner when the \ solitary trooper that guarded the ten-house hamlet caught him returning carrying a gun. How it came to pass mat, alter tne restoration of the delightful Charles H. and his attractive brother James, the Puritan laws of Cromwell and his saints were not cut out of the Statute Book will always remain a mystery. More mysterious still is the fact that they were not only left untouched, but more stringent ones — so far as Sabbath dese cration is concerned — were added. Yet it may be all for the best. In a country like Australia, where man or boy can carry a musket without let or hindrance, Sunday-shooting might render suburban life as deadly as a weekly forlorn hope. * * * * It will be remembered that when the late M. Pickwick was discovered skulking behind the door of the young ladies' seminary the head mistress haughtily ordered him off the premises or she'd ' send for the military.' Nor will it be forgotten that a few years ago any Englishman who con sidered himself imposed upon by any hotel-keepers from the Urals to Lisbon would wither the offending landlord by threatening to write tc the Times. It is bnt meet that people like the school-marm and the Briton should have soldiers or newspapers to fall back .upon when aggrieved. At the same time, when news is slack, too many persons are permitted to air purely imaginary grievances in print. Editors cannot be too careful in banishing such complain ings from their columns. But in a Sydney journal there appeared a couple of days since the account of a genuine outrage — one of those real, exaspe rating wrongs that make the blood speed through the most sluggish veins. A lady oniered an ice making machine. The man that brought it left written directions how to make ice, but not before obtaining payment for the apparatus. The directions were brief — merely a Buggestion that gome ice should be procured and carefully placed in the invention's inside with Borne salt, while a bystander, the purchaser's husband if possible, vigorously turned a handle. Sixpennorth of ice with a commensurate quantity of salt was obtained, and by the time the person at the hflTifllp -was in a profuse perspiration the ingredients were reduced to brine. On calling at the establishment where these useful machines were, manufactured, the inventor was found to have gone to a flower show, but an assistant considerately advised the purchaser to try ammonia. Now the hot weather is almost upon us, there is sure to be a run on these handy freezers. Some years ago the authorities of the Bendigo hospital ordered a somewhat similar machine for 10 guineas. It would be such a com fort to the patients to have ice always in stock. Fortunately, the engine was never paid. for. But the cheerful manner in which the hospital authori ties from the resident surgeon down to the con valescent patients worked at it all night, to be re warded towards morning by a block of ice as big as a walnnt, is still green in my memory. Yes ; the Sydney man has a real grievance, and from the un compromising tenor of his letter to the press he appears to be well aware of it. * ? * * The world's geographers and hydrographers seem to have become mentally unsettled over the jettisoned bottle craze. To obtain some approxi mate knowledge of the ocean currents, sealed and corked bottles of every shape and size are being heayed over ships' sides in every ocean. Having been deprived of their legitimate contents, they are pressed into the service of science and oblig-ed to convey messages stating the time and place when and where they were committed to the deep. Months or years afterwards they may be found either still buffeted by the waves or high and dry on some lonely beach thousands of miles from the spot where their adventurous journey began. The practical joker — the person but for whom life would be a holiday — has hero a fine chance of pursu ing his favourite calling, ~ a,' chance which he will be certain to embrace. Therefore it is that, other considerations apart, the information to be obtained from the buoyant bottle will require careful handling. As it was possible to imagine the dust of Imperial Caesar stopping a bung-hole, so it is not impossible to fancy a mid night meeting on some undiscovered Pacific atoll of vagrant bottles animated with the ghosts of their former contents. How the champagne one would strut superciliously over the coral hummocks, scarcely deigning 'to notice the vulgar gin . bottle nodding at him from the shelter of a ledge ! 'I've attended the carousals of Emperors' says gold-top with a haughty ttare, ' and feel out of place in such low company.' ' Oh, you have, have you ?.' retorts the unabashed Hollands with a coarse laugh. ' Well, I've attended, as y' call it, the frolics of Tars ; an' I'll bet there was more fun there than among the hemperors. Jack an' Poll sang an' danced round me an' hugged each .other after every drink I gave 'em, which was more than the hemperors did. Besides, I had more good stuff in me to keep the jollification goin' than a dozen long-necked, false-bottomed coves like you. An' now I've corked up in me a true message, where I came from, an' were I was pitched overboard,. not like you with a lyin' piteh about sinMn' with all hands. W'y my stuck-up feller, I've seen more innercent sport of a night in the Sydney Domain than you in the boodwars of Eoosha.' If empty bottles could but speak, either afloat or ashore, what a lot they could tell each other, not of ocean currents alone, but of human fun, and, alas, of human frailtv 1 