DOGS AND GHOSTS, (Daily JSews^) A psychological and sportive periodi- : cal, Hod end Gun, has recently been discussing the question whether dogs can see ghosts. It appears rather late in the day for differences of opinion to arise on a point so elementary and well ascertained. In all properly-regulated ghost stories the apparition is per ceived by a dog first, usually an animal of great beauty and value. His con duct is invaluably the same. First he stiffens all over, thea hie hair bristles up on his back, then he utters a wild and piercing cry, and talis over on his side, dead. His demise, in the excite ment of the moment, is not general'v observed by his spirited proprietor till after his own interview with the ghost. The locus classicus for doge seeing ghosts is the late Lord Lvtton's ex cellent story, which frightened" Mr. Thackery so when he read it in the hotel drawingrooin at Folkestone: '■ The Haunters and the Haunted, or the House and the Brain." For sus tained richness of incident this narra tive has never been equalled. Here the dog—a bull-terrier, we think— behaves in the manner described, j Another anecdote of the same kind if, j we believe, less generally known. A j gentleman staying in an old house j belonging to a friend took his dog with j him into his bedroom. He wakened on hearing a low growl, and found the chamber full of a mysterious wavering light, in which a. headless figure in j white satin was dimly visible. The | figure slowly approached the bed, : under which the dog retreated, growl ing, and bristling. As the headless form drew noarer, the gentleman in bed was naturally perplexed. But suddenly there came a vague inarticu late murmur from the opnosite side of the panelled room. The figure paused, seemed to listen, and presently with drew to the wall, where it disappeared. Next mornine the occunant of the room finding his dog, a Dandie Din mont, cold in death, with an awful expression of supernatural horror frozen on his features, was, of course, annoyed. He accused his friend of inhospitable conduct, in subjecting -a valuable hound to such a trial, and threatened to appeal to the Society for the Pre vention of Cruelty to Animals. But the friend asserted his perfect inno cence, nay, his ignorance of the fact that there was any ghost in his establishment. He was fortunately able to appeal to hiR census return, in which no such inmate was mentioned. He had but recently become the possessor of the house, an old one, and to investigate the matter he removed the panelling of the liauntsd room. Behind one panel was found j a headless female skeleton iii decaying satin, and wearing the family diamonds, which were missed in the 17th century. Behind the panel where the vague inarticulate murmur which stopped the ghost proceeded was discovered the head, or rather the skull, of the skeleton. This remarkable incident establishes the fact that dogs can see, and are peculiarly susceptible to the unwhole- j some influences of the supernatural, I or psychical. This was well-known j in ancient times. The dogs of Eumaeus, the swineherd in Homer, i see the goddess Athene, and run away whining, while Eumaeus himself and Telemacbus are unconscious of the supernatural presence. In the same wav the ass of the prophet Balaam beheld the angel before the prophet was aware of the apparition. In a haunted house recently investi gated the dog of the philosophers concerned was extremely uneasy, though the philosophers themselves were only disturbed by little boys, who rang the door-bell and ran away. That dogs may, and do, possess ghosts of their own is proved by many remarkable examples. The Mauth dog, which lived in a kind of crypt, under the Castle of Douglas, in the Isle of Man, used to make himself quite at home among the soldiers, till one of them followed him to his retreat, and died a gibbering idiot This was he of whom the story ran, " he spoke the spectral hound of Man." In the case of the ghost of a bishop, seen near the bishop's stone, between Ail and Ettrick, somewhere about 1830, the spectre of the ecclesi astic was accompanied by that of his favorite dog. The ghost of a dog belonging to a lady of letters of the last generation was seen by her in her own room shortly after the animal's regretted demise. Many other instances occur in such historical treatisesasMrs.Crowe'8 " Night side of Nature," and should suffice to convince the most sceptical inquirers. This,how ever, is a field of study in which experi ment is admissible, nay, requisite and desirable. The Psychical Society should take dogs of approved valour to seances and see how they behave when the raps begin and " the bodiless gang about." In the interest of valuable lives it might be as well to muzzle the hounds, as it would be no trifle for a medium to be pinned by a tenacious bull-dog. Mr. Pod more or some other official might also illustrate the science by pretending tobeagbost and visiting the slumbers of a bull-dog or bloodhound just to see what -would happen. We might then learn whether dogs are only superstitious or whether they have a smell for a genuine spectre. The service demands courage, but gentlemen familiar with the terrors of the other world will not shrink from mere physical dangers. The field of experiment on the lower animals is large, if Miss Cobbe does not disapprove. Miss Martineau was said by the Quarterly Hevicw to have mesmerised cows, but the results of the experiments are not recorded What could you " suggest" to a cow in a trance ? If dogs can really be hypnotised, much might be done for their education. It might be sug gested to them not to howl all night, for example. Few of us kept awake by a noisy cur have the philosophy of the genial poet, who said, " Poor fel low, no doubt be has his distresses, as I have mine." A deBire to put the animal out of his pain is a more com mon emotion. By means of hypnotism the streets might be kept quiet at night. Owners of dogs would merely hypnotise them, and observe to them, " Mind, no barking." The whole subject is of peculiar moment to per sons who wish to share the creed of " the poor Indian," though most of us look for better things. The unity of mind, in man and the lower animals, might be established by hypnotic experiment, and to the horror of all sensible persons, who wish a quiet paradise, a few canine ghostB "would pptablish the dogs claim to a future life. A dead dog may be of more interest to psychology than a living lion, for nobody has yet maintained that lions can see ghosts, or possess ghosts of their own. We are only on the threshold of psychology, evidently, j and the whole thrilling subject of black cats in their relation to the unseen and imponderable has yet to be investigated by modern scientific methods. The changes of transmigra tion being received as a scientific doctrine have also to be reckoned with, for it is plain that no sooner has common sense discarded superstition than physical or psvchical science brings it back again. The old witches, if we go on at the present rate, will be reckoned among martyrs and persons in advance of their age. Thus the whirligig of time brings us hie ravages —sense, nonsense, science, and ignorance take hands and change sides in the dance, and persons whoBe grand mothers laughed at ghosts now ask whether dogs are capable of discerning apparitions. And yet we hear laments for the ages of faith, as if they were not always with us, as if many excellent and even emancipated ladies of to-day were not as credulous as the mother of Guibert de Nogent, a mediajval example of belief. The truth about dogs is, that they are suBeeptible of panic-fears in the dark, and in the presence of the unfamiliar; and their exhibition of this dread resembles superstitions terror in reasonable beings. But that is not to the credit of the more highly evolved intellect. 