la ron; snips of the ancients. (" Mauix-DIE Register" U.S.A.) We moderns are justly proud of the wonderful and magnificent specimens of naval architecture that crowd the great ports of the world. If there is anything new under the suu, a first-claSs ocean steamer, it is believed, is that rarity. In our conceit we recall only the galleys and triremes of the ancients^ that scarce ever ventured beyond I lie coast line, and the small bark in which Columbus and those that followed him conquered a new world and gave commerce its greatest field. But the ancients built many goodly sized craft, and made luxury a study! on some of them. That much con troverted craft, the ark, is. an example of bigness. Her tonnage is estimated at about fifteen thousand tons, smaller, it is true, than that of the Great K.istern. No less an authority than'Lindsay thinks that she was simply a raft of stupendous size, having upon it a structure resembling a huge warehouse. As no means of propulsion were necessary, this desciiption may be correct. The cargo, however, was unique, and probably ;the largest and most valuable ever earned. The description of the ark, as given in the Scriptures, makes the vessel about 450 feec in length, 75 feet in breadth, and 45 feet in depth—proportions similar to those now in use to-day for great vessels. But as the agnostic is not sure that this lifeboat of the human race ever existed, and as the materia list is sure she never was built, let us take for example of big ancient vessels some other craft vouched for upon the authority of profane and not sacred writers. The Egyptians, fond of large things arid big dimensions (Philopator) would have ap preciated the Great Eastern. He was fond of building big boats. One ol these is said to have been 420 feet long, 57 feet broad, and 72 feet deep from the highest point of the stern. This vessel had four rudders, or what some would call steering oars, as they were not fastened, each 45 feet long. She carried 4,000 rowers besides 3,000 marines, a large body of servants under her decks, and stores and provisions. Her oars were 57 feet long, and the handles were weighted with lead. There were 2,000 rowers on a side, and it is supposed that these were divided into five banks. That this extra ordinary vessel ever put to sea is doubted, but that she was launched and used at times if only for display, several historians are agreed. Another "ship," the " Thala megus." built for one of the Ptolemies, is said to have been 300 feet long, 40 feet broad, and 00 feet deep. This was a far more magnificent vessel than any previous one. An Alexandrian historion, Catlixenus, in describing her, speaks of her having colonnades, marble stairs stairs, and gardens. Another great vessel, historical by reason of its size, is one built by Hiero, King of Syracuse. Her dimensions are estimated to have been large from the description of her cargo and the number of her decks and houses. She is supposed to have been sheathed with lead, and accomplished at least one successful voyage. A full descrip tion of her would read somewhat like that of one of our Long Island Sound or Hudson River steamboats. She had three entrances, the lowest leading to the hold, the second to the eating-rooms, and the third appro priated to the soldiers. There were thirty rooms, each having four couches, for the soldiers ; there were fifteen couches in the sailors' supper-room, and there were three more cabins, each having throe couches. The floors of all these rooms were laid in stone mosaic work. There was also a temple of cypress inlaid with ivory and dedicated to Venus. The mainmast was composed of a single tree, and the vessel carried four wooden and eight iron anchors. As a freight carrier she would rival the largest of our ocean tramps. It is recorded that one or two of the launches belonging to her would carry about eighty tons. This vessel is said to have carried " sixty thousand measures of corn, ten thousand jars of Sicilian salt fish, twenty thousand talent's weight of wool and of other cargo twenty thousand talents, all of which was in addition to the provisions required for the crew." These are the notably big vessels of ancient times,but the supposition is that as rulers, whether king or people, were as emulous in those days as these, other big craft were also built. From the foregoing description the thought is suggested that the first ,'desiguers of our own river steamboats may ha velieard of the Egyptian and Syracusan vessels and taken a hint from them in building floating palaces The Smoker's Last Comfort Gone.—The Narghile, or waterpipe, commonly supposed to be a harmless method of tobacco indul gence, has been the subject of investigation by Dr. Emirze, of the Armenian Hospital at Smyrna. The Narghile has a bowl for the tobacco, and from this a tube extends into a vessel containing about t.vo quarts of water ; to this is fixed a flexible tube with the mouthpiece, and the smoker draws the smoke through the water. Dr. Emirze finds that the effect of the Narghile, unless used with the utmost moderation, is quite as bad as that of cigarottes or cigars, and it has an additional bad result caused by the inspir atory effort necessary to draw the smoke through the water. Smoked once or twice daily, Dr. Emirze considers, the Narghile might prove beneficial as a respiratory exercise, but used in any ■ excess it induces chronic pharyngeal, laryngeal, and bronchial catarrhs,and a host of other evils. What then is tho smoker to do—his cigar, his cigarette, the homely pipe, and now tho hubble-bubble are all condemned ! There remains the only, consolation that he must enjoy tho fragrant weed in tho groatest moderation or suffer. John Locke, who was sedate philosopher enough, says, "Bread or tobacco may bo neglected, but reason first recommends their trial, and custom makes them pleasant," but if his ghost walks around now he must, we think, consider that custom has made tobacco a little too pleasant.— " Hospital " 