MISCELLANY. TjIK COJirLETE AKGI-ER.-Eudid. AT PAKTING.-'A lass," sighed he. "Ah, men!" wept she. FAtTH, HOPE, AND CHAtirrr.-'The loan ot mi umbrella. THK men who shine are the men who have had the hardest rubs. A WOMAN has only to differ with a man to be stubborn. WHKHE ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to open your husband's letters. IT is one of the easiest things in the world to economically lay out the money you uever will have. _ M "THAT is a nice way to begin the week, said the mail who was going to be hanged on Monday morning. CURWIN-" The Indians don't seem to be holding any more ghost, dances." _ Dogberry-" No, they're indulging' now in rifle balls." FIRST SAILOK-" And you say there wasn't a drop of wine on the ship. What did you do, then. Second Sailor-" We made port." A CERTAIN author once talked of "knock ing the hydra-head of faction a tap over the knuckles." THE COURT-"Would you believe this man on oath?" Paddy Oileilly-" Not onliss he wor lyin', yer honour." IT has been suggested that a locomotive is always spoken of as "sne" because of the horrible noise it inakes when it tries to whistle. Oni) PLACE TO STASH.-An Irish financier once said at a company meeting-"This fund will be a nest-egg for us to take our stand upon." HRRKDITV.-The Visitor (viewing the new liabv)-" Do vou think he is going to resemble his father?' The Mother-" I shouldn't be surprised, lie keeps me up every night." "MRS. SMALL, this coffee won't settle," romplained M'Watty to his boarding- house keeper. "Then it is in pood company, Mr. M"Watty," replied Mrs. Small, frigidly. EASILY CORED.-Patient (weary of waiting in fashionable physician's ante-room, <o servant) "Go tell Dr. X-- that if he can t see me within five minutes I shall get quite well." A DRESSED CHICKEN.-Young Housekeei>er -" Bridget, hav'n't you that chicken dressed yet?" Dridget^-" Sure, muni, I'm after havin'a good fit on the pants; but the divil floy away wid t-h' coat." MR. UPTOWN (to waiter)-" Bring me some devilled crabs, lobster salad, a Welsh rarebit-and a glass of iced milk!" Waiter (politely)-" Yes, sir. Any particular kind of flowers you'd like 011 your grave, sir ?" UNDERTAKER-" And what kind of trim mings will you have on the coffin V" W idow-" Nane a\a'-.1 plain coffin. It wa-« trinnnin's that killed him." Undertaker-"What?" Widow-"Ay, deli rium triinmins." AT HKKWOED.-Penelope-"Don't! Stop!" .Jack-"I can't help it." (Kisses lior.) Penelojte " How dare you when I forbid it." Jack-" Vou merely said don't stop." MRS. LoNGWKnDK.-" Such a charming hus liand as Mrs. vou Pickel has! So tender after ten years of marriage." Mr. Ix>nirwedde-" Quite natural. It, would make a rhinoceros tender to be kept in hot « .n.er for ten years." A REGULAR SNAP.-"What is Smith doing now?' " He is travelling with a circus." "Pretty ?ward work, isn't it V" "No; he lias nothing to do ex .c]it stick his head in the lion's luouth twice a day." -Texas Sittings. Miss MAGUIRE-"Any letters for me''" Postmaster-" What name, pleaseMiss Maguire ?' Must I tell ?' Postmaster-" Certainly." Mi® Maguire-" Well, Toiu.Dolan ; but he'd be mad if he stiew I told on him." CANDID.-Fred (enthusiastic young fellow 5ff for a day's sport on a lovely autumn morning) ?Good-bye", Charley-! :I wish you were going.with tie." Chariey-"What are you going to shoot, '"red ?' Fred (in a.burst of frankness)-" I never can .ell tiii after I've .fired." SHE - '? Did you succeed in mastering French vjiile abroad?" He-" Nearly. I did not succced in making the Frenchmen comprehend me, nor could I make oiit whatthey were dri ving at; but I rot so tbiat I could understand myself when I talked." . . ' ' ? LADT-LECTGBKR on Wouaatfs Rfehte (waxing warm)-" Where would man be. if it had not 1K?«I for woman?". After a pause, and looking/round the hall-" I repeat, where would man Ipe if jt had not been for woman ?' Voice from the Gajleiy-" In Paradise, ma'am?". ; JUST BBFORE THE Miss-Qulsby " Ah! Vou "'army men; Lieutenarit,-are'to^ conceited. Whv, there's not ope ina hiindrpd that ever'smelt l<o«'der.'" IheUeuUsnaiit-'"I have, though." Miss i^iisby-"Really. How romantic! Where?" The Lieutenant-"On a girl's chfek!" IN THE RESTAURANT.-" I'm sorry, sir, to have to ask you not to come to this restaurant a»iy more, but you are so continually shaking your bead that it might give rise to misapprehensions as to the quality of the dishes. I know, of course, that you are reading the political news, but the other guests don't know it." THERE WERE NO OBJECTIONS.-" lt *aiay here present," said the officiating clergyman, " can. show just cause why this man and this woman *nay not lawfully be joined together, let him speak jrww or hereafter for ever hold his peace.*? The Kroom. Mr. l.-uiat, of Arizona, casually laid A pair of revolvers on the roiling in front of him, and the ceremony proceeded. -? -'X1; ' CACGHT.-" Any letters this morning, Mary f " Nothing but a post-card, ma'ahi." " "Whom is it from, Mary?' " Ana did you think I'd be read ing it, ma'am f said the girl, wiih an injured air. " I'eihaps not; but any one who sends me a message on a poet-card is stupid and impertinent-that's all:" " Vou'll excuse me; ma'am," said the servant loftily, " hut that's a ntoe purty way to be talkin'oboutyour own mother*" . ' THBBARBER WAS RKADV.-A young Con* federate officer, who. was pretty lutich ot a bully, stoppjd at a harber-shop. .Drawing W« word, he onleredUrf barber to .shave him, at the.same time warning him that if hecut his face or drewadrpp.of. blood he wdukl kill Win when he got up. The opera tion was performed without accident. Before he went out, however, the bully asked (he artist if he was' not'very' imieh-,frightened while he was doing the work. The barber smiled. " Not in the slightest," he replied, " for if I had ubcidentally drawn a drop of blood 1 would have cut your throat from car to car before you could have moved." AN epicarean smoker was travelling on the railway With a passenger from Berliti who wag smoking* vtfe cigar. As all hints and signs proved unavailiiig,- thfe epicure had recourse to an often tried experiment : Bising from his *eat,-hepolibely. said, " Will youWlow njfc to .©pen the window V-. At the.same www he "fiulte accidentally" brushed against jth&Jw;»doi.hi» fellow-passenger, camiughim to drop ht»'<3i?Ar.' ife had the additional jnktortune tosit^pn*l£*nd«i3^1ni|ila*m, 'J Oh, I beg a^tobu sand pardoii*!> Allow trie todffer you one of mine Ahcvtmhed" y°ar Wndpennis pleasecL^tteXook three score out of the opFvt&ented; to and jnfc>htspocket, saying, "These area first , titcwiuid; til;smoke 'em on Sundays;" and with |ftaaeMBd tofight another of his own. yi r ' ???-? 