THE SYDSEY FLYING SQUADEON YACHT CLUB. The second racing event of this dub was held on' Saturday afternoon in the vicinity of Clarke Island, and although the iviud was again a little too boisterous from N.E. tha racing ou the whole was ven- creditable. It would be much better if the races wero started t-t time, instead of delaying them nearly half-an-Uour, which is chiefly caused by the competing bouts uot appearing ui- to time, ns in thelta! ov./iit.MtliOUfc'l) theUetttaaaiidGraco Darling wero punctual they had to bo kept wait ing till tho Uautura and Latona appeared iu sight, and the starter would have done well to leave them behind, teliluh might impress them to bo more punctual iu fnture. Otherwise, the arrangements were woll carried out. .Several st-iftmers conveved a largo number of visitors, lauding them oh Clarke Islaud, which formed a natural giillovvfrpm which' tbe whole of the proceedings was witnessed. The flrst heat started at 3.23 p.m., the competitors being -iraco Darling 3min, Cynthia. 2min, n ftWri 1 Rnr-iiflP 1 Imln T*n nnli lr Hmin, Starve! ? Hniin, jrantura scratch. Tho Boralee aud Kananhook did uot start, the others getting away to their time, but Marvel was soon out of it. Grace Darling led all tho way, aud won easilv. Mantura passed Onr Owh and Cynthia on run from second mark. The finishing times were :— Graco Darling 3b 51min 65seo, Jlatluu Sh 52miul5sec,OurOwn 3a 5'Jinin Wsec, Cynthia 3b. SSinin'SSsec. The second heat comprised Marifaua 4min, Bottiua :i!™in, Gho3t Sim'.u, Latona 1 }mln, Violet l)inin, Begiua 3Usec, Lottie and Volunteer scratch. The Ghost, Eegina, and Lottiedidnotstart, tho Ecsiua through her rudder carrying away. The Bettina, being over the liue, had to re-cross, nud lost a little time; the Slarifcina retired when near first mark, aud Bettina, sailing well, secured tho lo.id, with Latona and Violet close up, not much distance ssparntini: them atthe second mark. Square-sails nnd balloon jibs boomed out were rnu mi, ami tho boat3 bounced ahead of the fresh nor-easter, Latona finishing at Hi Slmin 15s!tc, Bettina 41i 51min 25suc, Violet 4h Slmin Mice. For the final heat the starters were Bettina, Graco Darling, Latona, and Hontura, start ing at 5.20 p.m. The Grace Darlius and Latona not a bad start, not looking- after their time. Bettina again sailed well, aud led the dust, Alantura passing Latona oil Shark Island. The finishing times wero Bettina 5li 49miu SOsec, Grace Darling 5h SOmiu 29sec, Mantura 5h SOmin 42sec. Tho winner was sailed by W. IVilthrew, securing first prizci-iO; Oraco Darling, by D. HanBOO, £!; Mantura. bv C. 'Webb. £3. 