HOUSE OF RIMMONJ S0OBY O TE11 "SLACK COUNTRY . SOUTH BrAMIO)SDBHIL w* FANIE GWYNNE BETTANT, SAuthor of A. S ' sAnssm 's Two LxQtmas," Ere CHAPTE; LIX.-TrEo PA.u- oF FEBEDOM. ,'rtehrmd other's death and burial, Made line returned to Mr. Saltring's without any maeistence on her father's part,. It wa agreed between her unce anda heccelf hiat she should not; pat suddenly from those who had be. fdended herin her sore need. Moreover, they 4tearmined not to be pre:ipltate in letting the eventa which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action would ensue for his niece any recognition by them.. Besides the Saltrings, only one family was admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers; and that came about this way. SMr. R~ocinigham had resolved to make in quiries asto the places Pelbois had visited when he had come toLangton; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody W'addy he chanced to inquire first Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps foi Jody, who was indeed there, smoking his little dirty pipe. He todched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited for Mr. Bockingham to address him. SIt's not worth swearing about, Jody, put I the clergyman: "It's a plain question, and tequires only a plain answer." \- "'Have you seen a strange, foreign-looking gentleman about here anywhere .'" Mr. Rock figham asked. ; An' if I haven't,"responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, " may the Lord . * Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give the plain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in a wrong sense, -'"he wor the darnedest tongue- " _" That isn't quite what I meant,"plained knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polecat, or my missis yonder, than 'im. I've never been well sin' he wor here, and I'm 'feared as he wished me ilL." 'Well, well," said Mlr. Rockingham, grow ing impatient under this tirade, for he'felt sure e refered to Pelbois, as in a place like Langton a foreigner was so rare a visitor. "What war he like ?, ." I don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't abide to look at 'im. He looked'black enough, Iknow that; an' he pulled a hat over his face, he did, an' he asked me to show 'im the way .t Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An', O Lord, don't I .wish I had the burying of 'im ; he wor the aggravatinest furriner--" Jody, to his utter surprise. found himself let at this pointby the clergyman. Helooked after him as he disappeared down the road, with a fied eye of disapproval. '" " Oh!" he exclaimed, " I thought he wanted toknow about it, but it's like 'em all-they all leave me to talk to the ghosteses. I ain't sure the ghosteses ain't better to talk to ; they don't jnap a man's nose off in a-answerii' of'em, the ghosteses don't. Old Betty might, but she aia'ta right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' she couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, sol don't suppose 'er ghost can walk." 'Ai2dhe oldman filled his dirtrpipoagain. It was a habit of his to haul about a spade,. as another man might have. done a stick, as a .mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appro priatetohis office; and between his puns he anig it now, though he hadn't the faintest notiop of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated .-the 'words,. in years of repetition. -The refrain he liked best was " Iveburied 'em deep, and my duty r've done; and one line, referring to the numbers the gvTedigger of the song had buried, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in singing this song at the Bull's Head, when a 'little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions-no, not companions, :foa he had none-but to on6 of those seated -beside the same fire with himself at that time, :,'If there'd only come a pestilence, as they 'talk of in the church, an' I could 'ave the 'bnryin' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' at the end of it myself. When I know as 've buried' mre than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done."' "M'r. Rockingham was far out of reach of the -song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited by the doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a 'friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because Se had never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, so he was always '"elcome when he cilled. SThe tiny nittingroom was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it, and sat down on one of the chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. SThe doctor was just starting out on his frst tound, but he came at once to Mr. Rocking ham. " TYou are just going out, I fear," he began, <( and what I have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. H?d I not better walk with SIf ou don't mind,* said the doctor, *"I bhould'beveryglad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. There's a good deal of sickness about." .- The clergyman took his hat and putit on, as the sign that he was ready, and he and the doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. "I hope von will not think," began the clergyman, with some diffidence, " that what 'I am going to say is undue interference with our affairs. It you will have the patience to 'earme, you will see that at any rate I am .asdeeply implicated as any one can be in the affair of which I am going to speak, and my oalymotive is to liberate you, if possible, from \--whatmust be, if mysurmises are correct, a most bitter bond. A man who has caused me the bitterest trouble my life has known s, I fnd, also connected with your house." SThe doctor's great chest heaved, and his piercng eyes caught all the expression of the 4lergyman's face as he spoke. '" " The name of your maried sister is the same as that of the man I have alluded to. I have traced themanto your house." The doctor's face became very pale. "Will you tell me in the ame friendly spirit in which I ask, if that man ever profee.d to marry your sister?" ;. Hre did marry her," replied the doctor, hoarsely. [" Can yon give me the date'" , " It was February, 18-." "You are sure of that" "I have reason enough to be sure." *uablise by mpecal ur?sýa weat es. Meur auP Iee), sad O, vpulabihe C234l" "Then," said the clergyman, "I am, indeed, 1 messenger of good to you. I" "eHow can yonube?" "He is not your sister's husband." - ", Explain yourself." "He married my sister before that date." The doctor stogd still in the road. The clegyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new meaning in each cc. What a bond there is in a common sorrow That iiiterhbanged look made these two men Ibrothers. "Strange, passnmg trange!" said Towers. "How cn l re oicein your presence? I feel Sift youhad taen my place in a prison-cell. I Al rest is uall "he added, thinking of his sister, "compared d tit her bearing his nane Sand being his wife. That he hag betrayed, ruined her, seems nothing to it.-At least she is still mine ourd. need onever trouble herselt about him again." "Hoew you must have sýffereda," respondedt th-e-lergymat. sadly, "to have learnt yoer alon so well! I too have had to learn that the ase is less wretcwhd when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, than when he hm the right to call her his property, and bid her ep aad come, and none are able to help' or forbed. Vio en I saw Pelbois he told mei e had abeen soewhere after money. Have you indeed been paying him to leave to youen what was not his to elaim n t" es"That is the whole story." "iThen it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all."'-- 5 " " You have i~deed; you have emovend the The clergyman did not begin, as some very yonog curates would have done, to attempt to 'rdse to this man of science the existence of a od oft mercy. Mr. lockingham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was mar-sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance up ward, and hiseeyes were swimming with" tears. They walked on a'little further, and the doctor said, "You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friendby what' you have done, that it cannot be wrong in me to sk you if your sister is beyond the reach of that "aShe is beyond the reach of thatman, beyond the reach of everyone. Man cofld not freeher, s so God did it;" and he added, as if deftemined to be thoroughly frank with this man,whom he had respected all alonig, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering-. "Myi sister had a daughter. She is with.me. So God hss not left me etirely desolate." The doctor looked inquiringlv. "You must guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I do not wish it to be known at pretset.. I must break it carefully' to my. family. I would not hlvse Madeline suffer in justice at their hians. dhe must not go to them orlbe known them unli"a' in heir right i ful position." "Pride is a hard dictator at times.'.' re; marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. "That is true," replied the vicar, " and my family I havefound as hard as ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their resting-place in the family vault. Dot I have *a plan in my head that shall right Mladeline; and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt-. ring's as before, which she is very willing to do." Moremight have been said, but the doctor's time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when be entered his patient's room, so very chatty, that the very eight of him produed a good effect; and when he had left-that house and was once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then" when at last he was at liberty to return home to his usual early dinner, he made some purchases of special dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, and sent theron gbefore him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attentio to it. "What can be the meaning of his spending all this moey?" said Madane Pealbois, as we shall continue to call her. "These things must beso pensie. It's so early in the season." "I tell you what it it," said Amy, putting her thus hands together tightly, "we are some how in luck." "Very much so, indeed," said Dr. eowers, coming pon them-" We shall.be he arm and led them into the little' sittingroom, and closed the door. "Girls," he said, "I declare for the first time this room does seem to be horribly small and inconvenient." His sisters dared not speak. They were almost afraid of this mood of his.e The doctor was only amused by the fear in their faces, and tantalisingly went on,holding bad news as it were high above their heads. "What do you say to the gabled white house, Amy?"'! . "The gabled white house! Mr. Richard son's house?" "lNot Mr. Richardson's now," ..said the doctor, his face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would suit us?" W'Why do you talk of such things, "answered Louisa deprecatingly, when youe kow they the quite out of.our reach:" "Out of tur reack they were," replied the doctor, "so long as other peopl e spent our money for us; but not so if; our income were our own. Wemohave never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "Ho is dead!" exclaimed Madame Pelbois with a-gasp. "Then es deead:" ", "Dead to you, my Louisa, for everand ever." said thre"doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "He is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never lived. You have had a bad dream, that is all. None of it has ever been," he went on, look ing with glowing eyes at the pale face he held. "' We must allbelieve that." "Tell us what you have, heard, at once," insisted Amy. "You have' heard something; tell us the meaning of it all." "My lore," said the doctor,"l there is nothin to tell but this. Louie is your own, very own sister, just as if she had never gone away; no one else has any right over her. There is no more to tell than that. He.has been a villain to tosou, Lottie; but it is all over. He has no right over you; ha never had. He dare not trouble us again. ie was a married man at the very tim -" He did not finish'his sen tence, and it was not needed. It was all understood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so disappointed when Louisa showed no sign of .pleasure had he weighed more carefully the difference between his position and hers. He had lookad for a wild outburst of joy from 'both his sisters at the news he had- commmia rated, and it was received in dead silence. The doctor had not made allowance enough for the physical and mental degeneration which comes so often to women who sit at home and suffer, while the happier men go forth to work. They had not the power left in them to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they had that innate fearand suspicion that come of such experience, and could not allow their minds to trust that they had at last sure ground benealth their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and apa thetic way in wphich they received the news, his heart' sank into a depreseion for the time being as deen as that which had been his for years until that. morning. In his depression he began to ask himself whether the nesss he had Gteard was true, whether he had been too hasty; whether, in fact, their trouble was over; and he felt that niothing could remove this torture of mind but some seitive proof. So with a kind of prophetic pulse, he said to his sisters, "You don't re allee it. I will fetch you proof ;" and went out. As he spoke the words they were echoed bsck to him as if some one else had spoken them; and a great courage welled up within him. He was not going to seek proof; he was going to fetch it; and naturally enough his feet took him into the vicarasge. He was not long there; and when m6 came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than he had worn in the morning, cur worthy sexton accosted him with - " Has a fever brake out, Doctor Towers ?" "Nh'ot that I know of,"-anaweced the doccor, not wishing to be interrupted. "0 lord," said Jody, diseousolately, "I thought there wor; you look ee jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, "other tolk's trouble's yours and my blessin', ain't it, doctor? · Folks die so we can live, don't they?" "I don't aet my living by killing people," responded theedoctr snappishly, and walked on, with his hand pretsed against his side, where his pocketwas, as if he had a pain in it. He banged open his door, to the terious damage of thelock. Blut what of that? He wonld not be there long, he knew. He found the letters where he had left them. "If you want proof," he said, "look here." It was a/Iom-l,/e copy of a marriage certifcate. "It's tree, Louisa." said Amy. "You were never married to him at all;" and she began to feel something of her brother's gaiety of spirit. '"'Where is your womanhae, Amy," cried Madame Pelbeos bitterly, ' that you trtumphin mydisgrae? Ifl am nothia wife, wht am I ? A disgraced being, fit only to creel to a P cornoer. and hide, and die.". - "Why should you die, because you have ibeen deceived?" replied her brother.. "After B all, is not anything better than to know your- I self the property of that man t" "At the cost of being no oinger' an honest woman," rejoined Louiten, with' bitter irony. "Iam to have my freedom from him at that price." "Look here,- said the doctor, striking the table with his- heavy fist till it shook.- "Leot me hear none of that society cant abouthoneset women. Is society your tod to judge you? 'I believe," he went on; with an energy that caused the little room to vibrate, "hat all this world's judgmnents ill be reversed in another.' There can be no disgrace where there is nosin" " But I live in the world, and what will the i world call me when they gett, know ." : "Can it matter what the world calls yeo, when it alled the greatest and 'vpurest being -that ever lived, blasphemer? aodl up yeour head, and do not fear. Give the lie toany word, by your look. Integrity is stroner than slander, and silent truth invulnerable against busy lies. I promise you, you shall have no ti.ne to dwell on this; you -halln be. up and doing. I mean to take the white hoase'I spoke of; not to leave you in it all day when I'm away, though. I shall do what Mi. Saltring lone ago recommended; I shall have a caMrge, and you' shall go out with me ; and you can't think about'everything all ait once." Louisa only looked-more alancholy at an this, said to h eer' he o S would have to Weter, however, was sanguine: Nothiin seemed to check the sudden flow of his epirits since he had had the proof. And before long the white house scheme was carried into execution, much to the general eatis faction of the Langtonians, who looked uiaon the doctor as their property, and his respecta. bility as in some way or other reflected upon them. CHAPTER LX.-KcZcult Sbraws. .")Ismma," said Lucy Beredith,' looking up fromasome work she was doing, "I 'cajtsbe quite happy, for tupertlooks so eatd. Ithought at least we should be happy to.day, when to. morrowwe are to be married." o o "You cannot expect him to look happy, my dear, untilitis all over. It is afterwrds you may hope to make hii -happy, and then you must not expect everything to happen in a day." pn a "I wouldn't so much rtid, if I could feel sure it weould come right afterwards." "Nobody can know the future," Mrs. Beredith replied "' it is wolthey can't. You'll be all right, so long as you do not demand too much of manwhohas had his experience." Ieo can't help gror ing to love you, Lucy. I am sureohsewis -h"giein tii slve'youahe fornhe saw Keziah. ' If' you are always kind and" gentle, and willing to let him be gloomy and silest and- never'looegtoomyL and silent your. self because of it, I will answer for it it will be as happy a larriage as anyone could desire." And the good lady thought in her own mind, and it may be forgiven her, that Lucy was, after all, so much more lovable and more suit-. able to be Dr. Elworthy'e wife than Keriali. You see, m? dear,' she went on, "you will go right away fror 'Engla:d, sand be seeing ,new things. There wrill be notlhing to remind him of- England and trouble; and enjoying things togetiher is sure to prove a greattieh'. _ 1 Lucy smiled, though not very happily. "But wlat if," she said, with hesitation, "it should all provewrong afterwards? What can we do thena". ' Mirs. Deredith hIeld up her white fat hands deprecatingly. "Those are only morbid fancies," she said, "foolish, morbid fancies. When I married your father, I" wondered whether we shohlf get on, and all that sort of thing, and what could happen if we did not. t we got on all right and were the best of friends, though it wasn'texactly alove match.' And her eyedis trembled a little, and her ample, bosom heaved. "lBut, you see, papa had never loved any body but you." "But I had loved some one else," replied her mother; and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she gathered her 'apron up, with her work in it, and abrlptl.ly-haeged the subject. "We'll see if Elia has.oinished. those things, so that we can fasten s that box, at any rate. You had better c up and havethem tried on ; or else you ma nd-.some difliculty. when .you gzet won't B' -sii-hbultbaie ome o everytshag mendi h'187fc.B "VWphOl awaywith ur poor papa to Scotland, I never got to the ttom of one of my boxes; and 1 part of flou came off a puce dress I had, quite a favourite of your poor papa's ;. and we couldn't get any site to match it, to mend it with, and was so vexed that none had been put into my box. And when I came back and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that silk at the bottom of one; so my advice to you is, unpack your boxes when you get away, and see what you've got. But you won't have much trouble, because the odds and ends are not spread about as mine were, and all the mending things are together in the sandal box; and other little boxes have each a label on them, so you can know what's in by look lag outside. When I went away I was always unwrapping or undoing the wrong thihg, and you sha't have any of that trouble. But 1 come now, leave what you are doing, and we'll see if the bodices fit. Dear, dear," he said, in going upstairs, " I hope Miss ichards won't belong before sending those dresses; 'you'll have to go without them if she's muchlonger; for I'm quite determined no box shall be left to be closed to-morrow mo?eiing. Nons of my boxes were. closed the night before, .when I went away, and everybody was in sucha dread. fatlflurry on the morning tfant theo didn't get half fastened up ; and when we got to Carlisle, they just threw my boxes out of; thevan on to he platform-those porters are so careless--and one was quite open when I came up- to it, and it was so full that your poor papa and two porters had tosit on itto get it to shut again, and all-the people laughed; and then it wouldn't lock, because the lock was broken; and your poor papa had to give five shillings to a porter to get some cord of his own and do it up. Oh, the way your poor., papa threw about the money! Rupert won't do that, I'guees." They were now standing in Lucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Not a chair, nots table, but held its treasure of beautiful garments made for this importat event. There. were farmore than could have been necessary; but'asa child has never too many dresses for ate doll, so the mother can never get enough dresses for herdaughter whois oingtobemarrie.' " Look, Lucy, said Mrs. ileredith, dropping on her knees in front of one of the open boxes;'r "all the linen is together in this box. I think itmuch better that you should have all of one kind of thing together. Mine was sadly mixed up whenI went away." She took no' notice thn t Lucy did-not reply to anything she was saying. It was but natural that the child shculd be quiet. There could be nothing remirkable in that. The bodices were next fitted, and proving satisfactory, took their pice in one of the boxes. . .: ""Who is that coming upstairs "' said Lucy, when she was pu'togn on her dress again. "Stow can I tell, my dear?" replied Mrs. l Beredith. "Duthow scared ye.look! You shouldn't allow yourself to get so nervous." Mrs. Seredith might have admonihed ber self on the same subhjeeta momentlater, for she uttered a wild cry. In the doorway stood Keziab, with a face so white, eyes so an naturally dark, and a manner so agitated, that anyone might have been forgiven for being frirhtened at sight of her. Lucy trembled like an aspen. Keziah stared i at them both like au animal at bay; then atall i the preparations.' Her wild eyes took in every thing. With a sudden movement she placed herself before Lucy, and was clhtching her at arm's length. "Lucy," she said, "you cannot do it. Tou must not do it. Yon dare not do it!" Lucy had such a terrified look in her face that her motherinterposed... ;.. ' "Keriah," she said, .'"it is not kind, it is not generous of you to come like this." "It is, it is," cried aezab, 'looking wildly into Lucy's face, and not at all at Mrs. Bere dith. "I know what it" ie,·'iuey. You have no right to do it.," on h a "Maeiah," said Mrs. Beredith, pitilessly, "I must beg you to leave my child." "Oh, no, no, no," cried Kezish, "I will never let her go, I will never leaveher, till she I has promied -never to commit this sin against I me. Lucy.heaise ot yours, he is mine, mine," she cried, timing up her arms, "you know he Lsmine. God kmowsheismi"e.', Lucy opened her pale lips, and a voice spoke from between thtm, that neither of the others would have recognisod. It was at Keciah she was lookieg, but to her mother she spoke. ,"She is quite right," she said. "I thought it could never come to pas.s." And then her form swayed, and she would have fallen on the floor, but for KMacab; she was quite senseles inther arms. "Lay her down," shrieked. Mr. Beredith, ha xvenoright to touchhbr. It was an , ?d?. youy ever 'came to this house, Kemah S.ackbit." And she fell to chafing hag daughter's hands, Unloosing her thingst ad performing all the other offices usual on such occasions. Lucy's eyes opened, and they fell on a white satin dress that hung on a ebeet-covered chair. Her brow was contracted painfully, and she said with great effort, "Take them all out of my.sight, mamua . N?'ever let me sea one of them again, as you love me. Mrs. Ilereditl groaned, and looking fixedly t at Kezlah, who was holding to a bed-post, she began to rain abuse upon her. "Look what you have done, and perhaps your cruel heart will be satisfied. Oh, I wold not be you for all the. world, to have made so many peoele miserable as you have. Whreaver you have been you have brought sorrow, and. all of your own chooeing and willing.' If were you, Keziah; I would go t the uttermost parts of the earth add hide myself. You are a very heartless, wicked girl." . Kziah's great ayes etaredt at tMrs. Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her face was rigid, and one little hand n;as so tightly shutby, her side that the mark. of every nail was left in the pink .palm.. "' • .- . • She loosed her hold of the bedstead, and moved her hands desolately and belpdsele before her. "What ean I say? What can do "' said poor ieziah. 'i.Nobody will believe any good of me, I know.. .Perhap,". she added, bursting into a passionate flod of tears, "if I had had a home like. Lucy's; and a different bringing up altogether. I shouldn't have done all I have. But t'eno mattes. Oh,' she cried, in a heartbroken tone, "if I had ,L . " hat was right at all, I riymg. Oh, h5enoo ,o one w?l.FeeTltl6 all any more; then I shan't make them miser. able. Oh, Ood," she exclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it wasn't worth while." • Anyone who could have seen her at that moment- would have pitied her -=except Mrs.-Detedith; and how could :she be expected to do. so.. with'.her own child lving desolate upon her breast, undone by Kezish? "You were always so headstrong." cried Mrs..Beredith, roughly, . "You would never be advised." "Who ever tried? You don't know, you don't know, Mrs. Boredith, what it is to be oh liged, whether you like it or not, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so young, and to have no one care what you do ecuse they like you; it makes you head strong." "I am sure you had a chance when you came here." said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. - "I know it," replied Keriah, humbly. "But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she said, a bitter smile passing over. a white face, "those things that are hammered in hard -stick fast, and if you pull them out the mark is left. I don't know," she continued, "why I was made with -so many corners, and with -so -much wish not to have any. Itds?sn'to teogether,sotatal5"-"?' " "You could always talk," rejoined Mrs. Beredith. "soad wiselyenough no doubt. But all your acts have bree foolish, all of them." "It is quite true," said Keziah, with an evident over-willinguess to own herself in the wrong. "I have come here. now to-try and undo some of it. " " " A nice way to undo it,'" retorted Mrs. Beredith, hotly. "'You come to seek for your self, and to make my child desolate-she who loved him alonalog, better, mieh better, than you did. How did sheo treat you ? You are proud. You have often said so. You don't like it to be said that he threw you. off, and marriled another. - - " IDo you tinak," broke out Kezish, hotly, in her turn, " that that is what I have come for? Do you think I weouTd have come at all, had I believed he would have been happy with her, or she'with hizi'" - "He would have loved her if he had married her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her bosom: " when hewas bound to her, and it was his duty to think of no other." - . " Oh, Mrs. Beredith," cried Keziah, with a face that spoke of experience, ."'duty and possibility are so far apart sometimes. Love does not come, after marriage that has not been there before." ' " You know nothing about it," said Mrs. Beredith, " nothing at all." " Perhaps I know more than most," rejoined. Keziah, " about that." - • "Issuppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothing, then," replied rs. Beredit indignantly. was neither.bined nor mad hen-he proposed to my dafghter." '.. . . Yes," answered Kezial in a soft voice, Lucy," she said, suddenly, neeling down by her side, " can you forgive me ?" " Oh, don't," said Mrs. Beredith, as if she could not bear to hear it. " Let me kiss you before I go; I may neves see you again," begged Kezah, in an enticing tone, so fullof pathos, few could have resisted it. "You will kiss me i" she repeated. The girl turned her face nearer to her mother,. away from Keziab, and moaned: " Some day, perhaps: I cannot now." Keziah looked once more at the mother. It was of no use to ask any mark of reconcilia tion from her, so she left the room and gently closed the door behind her. CHAPTER LXI.--REsr AT LstT. About 7 o'clock the same evenina Mrs Beredith's front-door bell rang, and Dr. Elworthy was announced. Mrs. Beredith sent down a message that she was unable to see him. This he interpreted in a sense far from the true one. It was, after all, not to be wondered at on the evening before she. was to lose her daughter. But he wrote upon, ea arl, " I most earnestly beg that you will see me." . He expected that on receipt of this she would forthwith makeher appearance, flurried, per haps, and peevih, from being forced against her will. But it was some little time before she came. Hereyes were red and'ewolfl? . Elworthy at once noted this, and attribpted it to the prospective loss of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and saw that something was wrong with him too. She. who had seen him through his worst times of. trouble, could not recollect a single oocasion when he had looked so ill and wretched as he did now. Shealnlmostsoftened-towards him. .for a moment. -. - " How ill you look !" she said. " Mrs. Beredith," he beganl, advancing to wards her with his chin upon his breast, "lam. -come taprove myself avillain. But you must forgive me, for you w.ill be'the gainer." He instantly perceived she did- not under stand him. He would have to speak more plainly. " I[ who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men most miserable. In the eleventh hour' .I come,-aa I have said, like a villiau, to'beg for my release." - "- -Mrs. Beredith had one shock, but she had not expected this tofollow it. - " So you-have serdn'r!" was n rher rpyin a: bitint tone. - " " "Sbeen her !" cried Elworthv, throwing back the hair from his brow with a desperate im patience. "No, I have not. I may never see her again. But I cannot so wrong your daughter as to bind her to me, when with my whole being I love another woman to dis traction."' " You might at least have found all this out before," exclaimed Mrs. Beredith, shaking from bead to foot. "I deserve all you can say to me," he answered. "But, believe me, I have tried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, hut it was not in human nature. You have seen my anguish and my temptation, my hopekse misery for love of that woman, which is as strong to-day asever it was. Can you not pity mea very little perhaps, but still pity me ? And perhaps make Lucy know some time how I thanked her in my heart for her goodwill towards me, and respected.her, and would die at this moment couldI undo the sorrow I have caused taboher and to others ?" Mrs. Beredith turned her head, and east down her eyes, while she moved one foot up and down the carpet. " She wll not talk about dying," rejoined Mrs.-Meredith at last; " she will-do it. Oh,: why -could you not have let us alone when we were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you ? It was very, very cruel of you. She has not deserved it of you.'. " . . . . " No, she has not deserved it," said Elworthy, compassionately. " "I have called myself a villain, If you knew aworse epithet, I would use it now. Mrs. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God ia my witness that I have tried to fulfil my word to Lucy. Thiat is why I appear in so much worse a light in At the words "' break faith with her, "- Mrs. Beredith froze again. " You miRht- have spared yourself the trouble, Dr. Eworthy," she said; " Lucy would not have married you. There is a letter on its way to your house now ' to tell you so." And then she made half a movement, as if to end the interview. He looked at her with an accumnulated amszement in his face, as if this thing were quite beyond his comprehensi?on. "Lucyis ill," went on the lady, "I must beg that yoiu ileave me, that It may gRo to Bsheart smote him at the. words. " She bIe seen my troubles" be thought" ansI hase I re?ased me vsluntaritfy? o" "How ehaU l speakF' besid.. "Howshall I express my gratitude to her-for her noble act ' inreleying me ofo her own accord P Nox to he-, who is indeed a part of mve"ry being, Lucy Jieredlitlh rauke among women. Some day, lilong time heucs, perhaps, I may beable to d toll her so. tl "Do not mistake the situation, Dr. b Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible a eforteident in her manner. "It is this other n woman who has done it, anad not my poor tl child: It is Keadah s,-'ai who hasn been ise hear at these words beat so violently U he could hear itt He thought Mrs. Berediths must hear it too. v He' cried .in a.frenzied - tone,. hysterical u laughter breaking from him with these words,; ' Lhe has been "here I el 0 my love, my r loe i" lhe. quite forgot he wee standing in I the pv s ofthe mo ter of the other gl wro.ha fr-eod wheoioma e h e hwa e ooraak Hsl-cheelo, that' he?. ~rown' ma uunke aad:. l .were flushed .ith`- exitement. ' Wild I t 6 agan Iah d tgai broke fohem him, ond then heotears, hot-andrgla,?,rapidly chased i each other down his' cheek i Igd'haa5?eated Sagewin and again: !! Shecamehere. Shedlditi Ohtobr» Sgirl, my own Keziah ! t All this was more then Mrs. Beredith could bhear. Sheoaedtrom the rom, aind hel did not ieem'to notico that he was alone. LWhen he dil percive it, however, it wa the work of a moment to take his bat, which he *hunpers aw-y boyateuc n nact meant. Kezoah had come, ad preventedhim marrying another. I 3 He sped along the etreete by instinct rather I than anything else, till he reached his own r Harwyn wos making an emntry oa book. E lwortl?v in two strides rossed tho surgery to'where Gerald tarwyn was staundig atihe I dek, and seizing his hands, the one with the I pe.as w'ell as the other, knocked over the ink t r without noticing it in the least, and shook Gerald's bhands until his coat sleeves Were per Sonin the oflice of blotting paper in the pool I -poathebooh " Gerald, tmy boy, congratulate me !Tbe 1 ' lppy ever after'-time of the story has Scome. A deuccdlong time it's been coming."I "Icongratulato you,'" resaid Gerald, in .his own minadfearing hu poor friend had oat his 1 e with. lut tell me what for." "Can you ask? You, amen of your intel- 1 ligence, can ask such a thing There is but one." happy ever after' to my atory." "= '! Well,well,said Gerald, not understand-. ing "If you'll mtop -mopping up that ink o with my coat sleeves, and mot down and tell me e all lboutt it, I shall Is botter able to judge how 1 mucrit:ht you have to congratulations."' " 'been toher !"-said Elworthy, laughing be ?r rosly. I "'She's - been -- to --- aher.'! reperteda Gerald, checking the wordAoff on Ihise fingers. " Whobas been to whom 'l Han-it, man, be I a little more en licit:." " t Smeziah, of course," replied helworthy. a "She'sbeen to L.ucy and put it all right. I couldn't staud it any longer; so.' after I had seep the last patient, I went round there to.beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have t sinned against her if I-had married hier." '_'lng it if I cail understand what you have s to rejoice so much about " said Gerald, hotly. 1 "It's'vear heartless of you, and very selfish, 1 to ba thinkin so much-of -yourself, whenn you t thate srade thlatsweet girl so miserable. Itr a?a a distardly trick of vor." . ' t woas maI when I did it, you know I wa , Geapld; but.l nray Lucy may forgive me.". .",om kind; of madness ought to be punish ableo, I thiki', " sid Gerald, applying blotting 1 paper to his eleeves and the page of the book. I S oI think I have bees punished for every kinde of punishable madness, then," returned l' Elworthy. - G erald went onsrimly moppintg up the ink. "Why didn't yod doadeI told you, and tell her at'once; andnot let her go on till the very day before the w eddin and then break off with her. It is a aneakiug.trcck." "I know it is. .aGo ahead, old man. Pitch l intome as much as t ou like. Nothing could I mak" me miserable, now I know she loves me enovih to have done that." . "' m{s she been there to.diay?' inquireda GerT-d. - ues , to-day. I wonder if she has left a Le?ington," he added, consulting his watch. "Of course they have." " .7'¢;. t here'spnothber train e:e _ The train.s h" Pt," exelaimed Elworthy. witih a burst of joyous laughter, "I loft it iastened to the a e Beidiths' pailinge".' "I wish to goodross you hadn't knocked this eink der. I don't know for my lifesow whlether it's June or July or August these cases are do • n for." t "They'll let you know when the time comes,' said Elworth. "Anyhow, I'm off.'" And he took his hat'again, and went to the railway t station. The train for Manchester was waiting,. but not ready to start. He ran the lengtlh of the train.. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriage, sat Keztah,.and by her eide was her 1 uncle David, comforting her.. elworthy did nor speak to her IHea'roshed and got his ticket, then.quietly stepped into the carriage asthtrainwas moving of; and taking her little hands in his; spoke not one word: obirt they looked into each other's eyes, nad were at rest. Poor David, who was always being startledin 'I one wayor another,.stared out of the window r and blew his nose, with astonishing peraisteny r considering heneiad.not a cold. u r IIhAPl's It.LtII?.-Wo - a- aiesft POLES . Asrt-oa. . AsKezaiah partiuelarly wished that her habpy o wedding should take place from the same house which had witoessed her ill-fated union to Hack- . bit, and as Mr. Rimmin eagerly welcomed any' plannwhich allowed of .his ehowing .hi newly. acquired' furnituro to a festive .palty, Dr.. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at Jumley in thecharater of abridegroom. But we should I not dwell upon any incidents- connected with. l this. wedding, were it not that Madeline bad dbeen spesially-pressad to come with Mrs. -Salt ring froman -Lagtoen and- hadyielded.after. much solicitation, being quite ignorant that Rimpler reeided.at Mr. Rimmol. s, \--Even Rimplere do not know everything that I w.concerns them; and Silas happened never to hear Miss Ormoe's name .as one of the invited I guests, and failed to learn that she had actually I arrived, for he-had taken up his qjuartersi temporarily at thehotel. H-, undertook as lege I a portidn as possible of the outside arrange. 1 ments for the wedding, and had even refused to sit down at .the wedding-breakfast, that he might see that everything was sent in in dlue order, and that there should be no delay. with thecarriages.. : e sbad, htwever, 'ropped in after- Koiah'" went upstairs, when the carriage was standing atthe door and had drunk to Keaiah in her 1 -abaeae. It was atthispointthat Stsdelionand Mrs. Saltring suddenly wee. out of the room. ao one thought anythittg of this; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequently goes our, at some setage or other, overcome; ana the generalattentionwaedrawnaway from Madelne •sal -Mrs. Saltring's exic by- th-'e-traocdinary eapression of countenance Miss Dorcasput on at the entrance of Mfr. Jimpler. There waano mis I taking the look:- it was one of mingled hatred, a malice, contempt, and defiance, which 'rnlytsoma faces can combine in one expre eson. Every body saw theblook, including Kr. Rimpler him self, who was clever enough to show no sign of It, but its conaequenee had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that he did not notice who went out of the room. Mr. Rimplerhad made asort of programme for the entertainmentof the wedding _este, atMr-r. Itimmon's suggeation. After breakfast the whole party was to be- driven to Augleton Park, the- seat of Lord Jomley; and at a prettycountry inn on the outskirts of this park, a -adaintylunch had been erdered for 2.l0. The day was a glorious one, as if to favour this scheme; and Kaziah had scarcly been waved off beforettwo carriagesarrived for tlhin eapeditiot. To every one's surprise, and to tbe great annoyance of some, Madeline begged not to be one of the party. Mfrs.Saltrin could say noth- I ing in explanationthou K'hd did hedr best that would -content tha otbhrs.- The drive would do Madeline good. " Madellne must come; andbshe, poor girl, with the face of alabaster, at length Mr. limpier bad made inquiries abeut Madeline since encountering her at the Salt rings', and hadreeently wormed it out of some i one who knew that she was Mr. Isockinghamsas' niece. He could hardly have told why, but this feature in the case made him appean to himself aworse villain. Itw? not then onthe daughter of an ordinary music-hall singer that I h phadrproetiandaiatud. Such peronawere used to that sort of thing, he thoog? But it wasa lady, of noble descent, who.h a been good nature and umselfiboass. . i .etinothbsinferred, howe-ger, that Fimpler i tncludedany other than this tne act of his life a nilsea the denomination of villaony; the rest rsaall fair play. Whege- there were fools, • taremunstbe kuave, bpcossidered. Itwsan provision of nature w~bhwonhl improve tbe * sace, sooner or latet bi sharpening the eti. fools on the k?ave'r gandatones. Hse bd ha often arted this in his own mind, as an occu patlon in the dark, at his window: It s-only nature, Mr. liimplef world think; everything is linked to overytbisg else in iature. What a pest~tlsoflieswould be, if it were not or the } spideis to eat them up:. So with many other c disagreeakble things, statue provided at chck to t the undue multiplieation afofols. Tlhen was it his fault that hle hlul been chosen an instru. ment to this latter end Noet t all. It was a I merit rather. - The humans rare hd much to I thank him for, anld those like him. 'He hadl heard soinewhcre tiiatphysical' esaitie..eves organs, degenerated, ,iud were wittisnately lost under persistent disuse. "The wit-o" even thee wise; l- not exercised to aefcat tho kaves, I wouldt tlms degenerate, n doubtr . Ite was a universal benefactor. Ite moued' fools from I ctheir. apathy, and' exercised -the wits- of the t wise, and in theroce?s considerablhy sharpened his own. It au not for thin otfethis kimd that he shoeld tall himsolf a vilain. But I .ladeaine hadnotbeena fool Shelihadeen 1 caught by reason of her own goodness'annd on selfishnoss, and had been ered wretched. l SIt wa clear the patcould not be altered by any amouintousthneg asnd reviling. Hehtooli oethispcsket-book, in which we have' seen him make eatries : and wrote upon a leaf init, in Italian, of which language he knew Madeeine to be mistress: "Beat ease. I see you recog nize me. I am too much ashamed of myself ,over to press my ac1uaintanao upon you. I-send this only that yon may be sure that Ishll treat o on as stranger on all occasions when we may chance to meet, whieh is the least I can do to 1 nm:earnrpa erstio a . . . ... - . - - palmed it, when he found they werevery near to the little inn; and he begatn to mentally gather himself together to form some quick and undetectableplan of conveying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his ueual.cool fashiou, lie dismounted when the carriage stopped, and gracefully helped out Ms. Saltriung before Mr. Rimmou had even thought of alighting. ie next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, who trembled a good deal. He appeared profoundly unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. No detective'could have imagined, if he had looked at Mr.e impler's countenance, that he had ever met this lady before; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to - her hand. Madeline knew it, however; and had she not perceived by his face that he did not wish people to know they wero anything but strangers, she would have been terrified. She could not let the note fall, and show there had been one; souher.hanl closed upon it. Madeline moved towards the window of the mroom into which the party was introduced, with the slip of paper folded between her fingers, and nobody noticed her: Her back was towards everyone; and by a subtle instinct some women have, she feltshe must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How could she guess, sndeed, what grave importance might attach to -I her knowing its5contente at once AMr. Rimpler, who was engaged in giving directions to a waer at the other end of the room, knew by her attitude that suhe as reading the letter. She took her purse from her pocket, and put the foldedpaper into it, just as sho was joined by Maud Towers. At this juncture Miss Dorcas, feeling rather in the shade for a moment, made her way to these two, and, with an insolence some people show-a instery of, threw herself headlong into conversation by remarking that the Misses Langley's dresses (the sipinSlt's daughters, who had bsen bridesmaids) were a Ligure. " lnd that all comes," she added, "of their soiug to a cheap dressmaker. as can't fit, spoilug good stuff. If they'd have come to mr-, non-,-to make them, they should have looked tit to be SNeither Maud nor Madeline answered; both Slooked extremely uncomfortable; and MIiss Dorcas was not slow to sea that she had made a v mistake in addressing her remarks to them. She moved off without apology, but with' a' great jerkh: and said to her sister - in law' quite. audibly, "that of all the , stuck up Ipeacocks, "that 'Mrs. Towers and Miss What's-her-same as came with Mrs. Saltriug,.were the tiptoppest. Can't hear: half a word without sticking up their heads end looking jt yos as if they could stay you. I've sno pattence with proud peacocks.'- - HMra. timmou touched her eister-in-law's sleeve by way of a hint that she was being ovmr , noet ndamed of what I ny," said Miss Dorcas, who'fds in a bad temper, owing to Mr. Ilimpeut' neAglect of her. "If people will be proud peacocks, they must expect to be talked about." \-- . ei"..plor- ehno...e t he'r Dorcasn's ls.u opp]|tde- e' nose. toot; w c'ie wont, have appied a;t y One selse. lut she wan noltlly reckles, and would have her fling, as ?os often said, if sihe died for it. With a sudden iospir. ation she looked Rinmpler full in the face, and asked him when he had come to the ithrone; at • which sally she was so much delighted that she laughed uproariou?ly, attracting general atten tion to her. Shet should have waited for Rimplrr'nanswer. "I've never been in danger of coming to the throne: butI have been in danger of being dragged against my will to a certain altar several times. That is," he added, as if to make his meaning quite clear, "I should have .been, hed not the ldy lacked all personal charm both of face and years, and manner and mvoice, and all the resa, 'aving nothing ill fact to *drag with but her pcrseverance." And with this he turned away. Dorcas was so overpoweringly angry, that thb firstthing she thought of-a commeon enough thought in the Black Country, s oo-was the purchase of vitrol. lBut everybody else.made anu effort to pass the thing over: and tloiughall :understood who the lady referred to was, there was not toe -least proof against Mlr. liipler. iHe had not committed himself in ansy way. The luscheon was great success, and after 'it the party eel out to walk in the park. Mr. timpler had noticed that ladelihe was more Scomfortable than at first. lie was glad of that; and he low did his best to entertain ors. Salt- - in, who ha lln to his lot-since they had come out. All at onir?e he beheld seated upon a benncl a woman, with grey hair and a ragged shawl. Onher arm'was an oll canvas bag; and she looked miserable enough for anything. Mr. Rimpler for some reason could scarcely keep down his excitement. He said to Mrs. Saltrisig, quietly enough for all" that, " We must not.ýee a person look so wretched as that eoin so gay a day;" and he fumbled in his paket. MrJ. Salstnng, with pleased eyer, watched. him go up to the woman, and bestow his willing alms upon her. She did not hear,e however, the few words Mr. Ilirmpler spoke to the woman, or she might have • seen an altogether different meaning in hisact. In that brief moment he had made an arrangement with her to meet him at the tavern they had, just quitted, the next day. He then passed on, as. if nothing had occured ; and everything wento morrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it was time to return to Jumley. - . ' CHA?P TER LXt tI.?Cbe?.Uih.L AaI?rl?orra. The sojedue abroad of tr. anad-Mrs. Jubale Rimmon was consierally protaetoed: andoit was not until the first wieek in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was. neoring Newhaven, with a precious cargo in-. deed. The journey had been made by. night, and the sea looked as blue ns the sky orerbead, and the white cliffs quite deazzling in the morning sunlight. Laura, with a peevish, dkiscn.. tented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, Weought to have som commiseaterion, siqese she had been sufering from sea-sickness, was- re regarding the pretty view from the deck 0f the steamer. Jubal, a thodJght thinner than when we last raw him, appeared to be making no effort at all to brighten the spiritsof his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar.-qpite spite.. fully. At leegth a smalt creature in a, blue shawl came on deck and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followea and herarm taken by a lady who appearid to be her mother., Laura, oat of mere curiosity, watched tho couple scat thomoelves on thab ide of the steamer, and then they tund- their faces towards her. "Jobal," eshe said, giving her lord a tug, " do you see wheithot is ?" i "No, Idon't; nobody I know." \- "It's Lusy Beredith andi'er mother." .' Ctan't help it if it is," replied Juba, con. tinning topulfL - "At leautyou might take a little intresot in, what I say.". "Other people takt too much intoreot in wh.t yin say for me tbtake much." "I haven'I theghost of a notion what yeo mea," retnrned Laura, tossing her head \- " BUt there are thoostersdithe, I wonder ?ow it was we didn't oue them when we coma on S"I did see tarh at St. Lz.-?eca oeusreud Juhal, with thecasme ill-natucIO tone mad look; "i and I saw them get intoer? train, s~d 1 sw them come 03 heoad.". - "Then why couldn't yon tell me)' , "A nice sage you'd get into if I ware always narrating to opu e'eryhedy I saw." "Whaa a tim?awe are' getting in?when we are so cloe -toandl have been aso for ever so long toall, appearance," remarked Laura, in anwer to this. tIt is a horrible steamer. Yeas oup'ut to have looked after it better, as te "gentlemen do. lut no one can yotS lohe a geatleman." p • -'There's only one gentleman in the world. ,,we nosw," retorted Jubal, "s'mre Winterck put isE iotappearance a Prati. Ant the deril knows how he found us oat" " n"I'm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly ullin athread out of her love. "It would have been dull enough witrut him. I sup poseo you didn't encourage hire to come at all, did you?" You didn't want it to be thought at the hotel that your friend'was thr son of a lord, did you, Jubil ." : he always calli him Jubhal woen she was not on particularly good terms with him, which had been rather frequently of late. "Are you going to" pewak to thoe Bere diths?" Jubal had asked, when a suddetlutrch of.the ship had sent him- ignominiously idto a sitting posture on the eo?t near his wifl-ho had been stnudiagbefore.. 'Laura burst into a laugh and several other passengers, who had come on"ieeck, were moved to smile also. Jubal's hat lied flown off, and rolled with the movement of the vessel to the feetof. the-Derediths. He wse very angry; more angry with Laura than any one else, for laughing at him. He was proodof her beauty, ant was as really in lore with heras his nature could ho: and he wished to be envied, and that the world should see that she was all his own. It appeared to him that her careless laughing at his nlisfortnue would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the young lady could not be very much in love with her husband. The casual observer of human nature ia quick to notice anud give their full value to indications of this kind. A wife-above all, a new wife, who is in love with her husband-would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position in i sense doubly keen. Jial's 1But Laura seemed rather to enjy u1 s truant-"oad-gcar to the feet of the two ladies. Ile apologised to them as he picked his hat iup; and placed it on his head; and when he turned he saw a young French girl, an article Jubal had .purchaspd for his wife with his uncle David's money, iu the act of receiving a 'spirited account of his misadventure from her -mistress. This was too much for Jubal. He' took in the situation at a glance, aild did not go towards his wife, but remained sulkily where he was; and the ship ploughed.eon through the water, and the white cliffs came nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the lug gage properly on landing, as the readiest means of avenging himself on his wife for her wantsof feeling.; and he became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and one only, and that was, his own bag lined with cigars, on which lie meant to pay no duty.. IHe likewise resolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, hut on artistie grounds. Jubal was an a?ppendage of hersown, and she always remembered'this" when he made a beast of himself, as she called it,. though she appeared to have forgotten it ust nowr, when Jubal fell, IButthen, after all, t was fate that had done that, and Jubal chose 1s get drunk. It'hai been seen that Laura made no step towards speaking to the Berediths. Tho Bere diths;nevertheless, had recognised her, adi'd litd known, Ieer well enough not to expect her to accost them. "Don't you think,. mamma, ?that Laura is handsomer than ever?" Lucy 'sanid to her mother, with her eyes fixed on the White cliffs they were every moment nearing. . "I certainly do," ilrs .Beredith acknow. ledged unwillingly. She would have.beiiglad "had the fact been less evident. "She was angry with Laura. " Don't you think it strange that we should have been on the same ship:" . " I should have stahed for the later ship if I had known they'were coming over," saoid' rs. ,Beredith,. tathier 'aha?ply; "and if'.that's Keziah's-brother, lie's very muich of her type.'! IHerBits. Beredith was wrong.. But we all 'judge incorreetly of'pedple against whom we 'have a preconeetved opinion. . "' Why doesn't he go to her?" remarked Lucy.. '' They don't appear to be on very good 'terms; '.Oh, usmma," she added, turning her wistful face-away, from the chalk cliffs, and towardshfer mother, "if I had' married lies, and were returningwith hint in this steamer insteadofyou, we should have been farther apart than we are now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. "'I:sECe it all dtfferently now, mamma," .went on Lucy.. "1I know it would never have done, and I want to tell Keziah so I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now. And how much better to be separated from him as I am, than to have himnhate meand I be tied to him. I :m sure fate was hinder to me than I knew; and time is kind. When I last saw that shore, I wsa'tiahingr I mifht osver ee it again ; and now. I am jua.t lonagi to got bacy and use ths td homi-. twanverby LIud of (erald 1saswyn to wen-o o often. lft.. -ori e 5nt, lookied inruirinage nOt her doughter.,as if not iuite sure what tbls ihrase meant, introduced suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald Harwyn had writtenregularly to Mrs. Beredith, to snake inquiries about Lucy, hsice they had Icft England, which they had done immediately after the events we have before described; and Lucy had certainly read his letters with evident pleasure. After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it be real, is acceptable in time' of pain;, and Mrs. Bleredith had not attached mush meaning to Lucy's gratification. The steamer was at last close to theoshoreand entering the haqbour, and Jubal, leisurely enough advanced towards his wife and told her she might as wellgather her traps together- that was the phrase'he used-if shehad left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. "Perhaps you may go and inquire about 'them," rejoined Laura, saucily, " eeing you are so very steady on your feet, and we are so very near shore." The eyes of the little French maid twin?kled at this sally ; bhut she neverthe less said that Monsieur must not troublehimself 'to go for the things; she would go at once ler selt and see if there were anything of her mistress's left below. "At any rate, Jubal," observed Laura, " you can look after the boxes, and see that some of. them don't get carried oif by somebody else." "They'll see to, that," replied Jubal, vaguely indicating he knusw'not whom. "I'm not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An 'infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I Lknows"" "But real'," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap about her, and droepiang from her pedestal of satire, am?d mounting that of :anger, " You. must look after the thing, Jubal; you know they' wall be lost, and things stolen ,ut ot teem. You must stand by -all the time ithey look in.them, too, and see they don't- take' anything out of all those lovely things I have 'bos-ht' "Yovely. things be hanged," said Jubal, 'rudely; "what thedevil did you want to get 'so many things for? It's through you buying aso masy things that weihad to-have new boxes to carry them int and got charged for eares luggage."" " Wall we don't go to Paris' every .day," returned Latai; , 'imInantly. " - '* Unicl Daidl may be very glad we don't, answered ,abal. "It has cost enough." And nbotwith a loud grating aocse, and a :littlvehudder, thnstemer stopped; and' then 'began the rush to land. Jubal kept his word about the bomes; and they were ruthlesaly opened and turned over awithout any remonstrance from him. The only thsgl.he took an interest in was his leather bag, which he opened himself and pushed towards the offleer with a -nreles air, as much as reo say, "'Youmay leeok; there's nothing wrong with that." All it appeared to contain w?ds a half empt7. fIsk of brandy and a few toilet re'iuinite. Thea.oeer pushed it back towards him with some impatiae; anud Jubal, triumehant, marched away with his cigars to the crowded breakfastroom, which lookeduninvitiogenougb. Thaproprietors well knew that the travell?rs must breakfast, at no matter what cost, nd that they must take what was put before them, or else face the next part of the journey 'witout a3nything. So the several tables were spread in no very attractive manner with focdu which would have been left untasted in a london restauriant. The passengers, who had' fur the most part been sea-sick, contended themselves withl mild grumbling at the stewed ten and wretched coffee served to them at an satetionate prise. (TOD n CONTINUoD.) 