Lumley the Painter. By John Strange Winter, Author of "Bootle's Baby," "Houp-La," "Miguon's Secret," "My Poor Dick," "Dinna Forget," 'Beautiful Jim,' 'Mrs Bob,' ' The Other Man's Wife,' ' Good-bye,' &c.;, &c.; Chapter III.— GOOSEBERRIES. Let every one, of every condition, avoid curiosity and all inquiry into things tliat concern tlieni not. When Mrs. Jock had fully decided in her own mind that Vere Nugent was au attraction so great to George Lumley that he did not even want to confide the fact to her, she at once determined upon a. certain course of action, which was that she would do every thing in her power to further the marriage. Now this was a very magnanimous resolution on Mrs. Jock's part, for George Lumley was of all her men melius ^uiiu bius nu.u many ) tuu unts lii.ii, euu valued the most highly. She was veiy proud of her own position in the world, this little woman, and she was always especially proud of the friendship of certain people, and that of the great painter most of all. It was an endless satisfaction to her that her friends knew and acknowledged that Lumley, the painter, was more often to be seen at her house than at any other ; that when they met at parties Lumley would always take her down to supper ; that at most dinners where tliey met Lumley was, as a matter of course, put beside her ; and 'for her voluntarily to give Lumley up to a mere girl, to determine to do everything that she could to further his unmistakable desires, was about the most generous tiling that any little woman ever did in this world. But Mrs. Jock was generous ! You see she had passed through a rough and bitter experience in the days of her youth, aud out of the blackest night of despair she had suddenly and unexpectedly found her self in a blaze of heaven-sent sunshine. She adored her Jock, she was perfectly happy, and she wanted everyone else to be as happy as she was. So that evening, while Vere Nugent was singing from memory in the firelight, while the children — Beta, aged six, and Frankie, two years younger — were swarming over her, as children 'do over a mother who loves them better than her go mis, Mrs. Jock's busy aud fertile brain was very busy thinking out schemes for the future, which would very considerably have startled the other occupants of the room had they been put into plain words. Aud Vere Nugent sang on song after song until the maid came for the youngsters, and Mrs. Jock sprang up declaring that they would not have time to get into the teagowns, which were the nearest approach to conventionality that she allowed at the Fish Ponds. Aud so they all scurried upstairs just a quarter of au hour before the dinner would he on the table. Now, with the best intentions in the world, you cauuot greatly further matrimonial schemes in a. party of foui1 during the time that dinner is in progress. And, indeed, Mrs. Jock, who was a very sensible . woman, did uot try to do so, but simply gave herself up to the enjoyment of the hour. 'It's so jolly down here,' she said once : 'no horrid parties to go to, no post to catch if you don't happen to have a party on.' ' But your letters have to be written all the same,' Jock Airlie suggested. ' Well, yes. iu a. sense they ha ve, only the day seems so many hours longer in the country : aud when there's no post after (i o'clock you don't ruin your evening trying t-i get level with your responsi bilities and— aud — well, it's just, like heaven here, and I'm thankful to find myself iu it.' She was thank ful too, for she was a hard-worked little woman, who would never lose her place for want of energy. ' Sing to me again, Vere,' she said, when she found herself once more iu the drawing-room lighted l»y a prettv shaded lamp now — 'your voice is so sympathetic : St thrills me through and through : it makes me feel all at once iu a writing mood, as if I must sit down and write the saddest, sweetest story that ever I cried over as I wrote. When I'm rich ''—she was very fond of talking about the time when she should be rich, wliich, with lier, meant anything between £'20,000 ami £30,000 a, -year — ' when I m rich I shall look out for a girl with a real rich sympathetic voice, and I shall just have her to sing all the toucliingest songs to me by the hour together.' Vere looked at her smilingly. ' Should I do for that post?' ' I should think you would.' 'Then, why don't you try me? I will willingly give you my voice in exchange for my board and lodging.' There was more tlian a touch of seriousness in the girl's voice, as if she really meant what she said. Mrs. Jock, however, took 'it quite as a joke, and laughed merrily. ' Oh ! my dear, you'll be married and singing to a charming husbaud, I hope, long before I can afford such a luxury as a songstress of my own.' ' That is very doubtful,' said 'Vere coolly, as she moved to the piano : but whether she meaiit that it was doubtful if she would be married long before Mrs. Jock could afford herself a certain luxury or whether Mrs. Jock would assuredly be soon able to afford any tliing that she wanted, she did not explain, and she struck the opeuing chords of a song before Mrs. Jock could ask her. Before she was half way through the song the two men came in, bringing with them a faint scent of their cigarettes— Jock' Airlie going by instinct to the hearthrug and George Lumley establishing himself in a big basket-chair as near to the piano as he could very well get. ' Another,'' he pleaded , when voice and music ceased. ' 'ics, another, dear,1' said Mis. Jock, who was wandering restlessly about the room, aimlessly changing the position of the flower vases aud pho tograph frames. ?So Vere began again ; and while Lumley drank iu the beauty of her lovely head and tliroat, and lav back iu the big chair, his senses- soothed by the rich tones of her voice, Mrs. Jock made a little ghost of a sigu to her lord aud quietly disappeared through tlie doorway which led iuto the conservatory, whither he iu a moment or so as quietly followed her. ' What is it ?' he asked, iu a loud whisper. ' Gooseberry,*' she whispered back, 'come and sit here by me.' There was a pleasaut seat at the end of the long conservatory, aud Jock sat down and put his arm rouud his wife's waist contentedly enough. ' You cau smoke, Jock,' she said presently. ' I don't care to, dearest,' he answered. ' I'd rather you would, Jock,' she said. ' It will be a good excuse for our not staying in there. You couldn't smoke there when she is singing, although I do let you smoke upstairs, and downstairs, and in my lady's chamber.' ' But why do you want an excuse V' ' Well, because — oh ! you stupid old thing, don't you see'r' He looked at her in the clear moonlight for half a. minute before a gleam of real understanding came to him. ' What ! you don't mean — old George and her'r'' jerking his thumb over liis shoulder in the direction of the door of the drawing-room. ' Of course I do. And I don't want to spoil it by being always in the road,' she replied. ' That's the worst of being such a small party : there's no getting away from eacli other without making it too con spicuous.' Now Jock Airlie was very big, and. like many big men, he was not as quick to see what was going on around liim as his keen-witted little wife was. He looked at lier incredulously for a few minutes, and then burst out: 'Well, what on earth can he see 111 her?' Mrs. Jock was almost angry. She seized hold of liis arm aud shook it. ' Jock, you stupid boy. they'll hear you,' she cried under her breath. ' ft doesn't matter what you see or don't see. You are not wanted to marry her, so it. is immaterial whether you can see anything in her or not George Lumley ? ' ' Has got to, I suppose r' he said drily. Mrs. Jock nearly cried in her vexation at his ob tuseucss. 'Oh! Jock, what did I ever take a fancy to you for?' she exclaimed. ' My poor father always said I was too sharp to live, and. that I should marry the biggest fool 011 earth. If I didn't quite do that 1 ? ' ' Went within an a.ce of it. Quite so, my dearest. Well, you were sayiug that ? ' ' That George Lumley is over head and ears in love with her,' she explained in a rapid whisper. 'It's 110 doing of mine. Should I be likely to wi.ut George Lumley to marry anybody Is it reasona.ble to think I would actually plot to get rid of my smartest man friend, the oue that all the other women a, re envying me 'i Of course not : only when, after puzzling for days to find out what is the matter with him, I sud denly find out it's the very girl I've got staying in the house, I naturally want to help him if I cau. . I'm not selfish, whatever other faults I may happen to have.' Jock Airlie broke into a smothered roar of laughter, and, gathering his little wife close to his capacious breast, kissed her a dozen times as passionately as if he had been engaged seven days instead of married nearly seven years. Mrs. Jock wriggled free and shook herself into order again, as a, sleek cat does when it has been roughly hugged in the cruelly affectionate clasp of a child. ' Then it's as good as settled,' he remarked, smiling broadly. ' Nothing of the kind,' she returned sharply, ' Vere is a very uncommon girl. Siie has the queerest ideas about marrying and all that, aud unless she really likes George I am sure nothing would induce her to take liim, though how any girl could resist liim, I can't imagine.' ' Perhaps she won't. You're quite sure that it is so 'r' ' Certain sure,' she replied. 'It'll be a deuce of a good match for her,' he went 011. ' old George is such a. thundering good sort, all rouud, to say nothing of his position iu his pro fession. Oh ! I shouldn't thiuk she'd be such a fool as to say no.' ' She will if she doesn't really care for liim,' Mrs. Jock replied with conviction ; ' and if dear old George comes off badly, I shall never, never forgive myself.' ' Nor her either, I should thiuk,' Jock added. ' Well, we cannot honestly blame a girl for being true to herself — not if one has any belief iu the sanctity of marriage, that is,' she said with, for her, quite uuusual severity. Jock drew her closer again. ' Wouldn't you have married me if ? ' ' If I hadn't liked you as well as I did r' she ended. ' No, Jock, that I would not. It's true that you were big aud good-looking, aud well-off, and all that I most admired in a man ; and yet— yet, if you dou't get just that oue touch that makes all the difference between esteem and real downright honest love, marriage must be a. very poor business. No, Jock, dou't smother me agaiu, please — oh !' as she escaped agaiu. 'I often do ttiink it's a mercy I really do love you as well as I do, for I should liate and loathe you to a certainty if I didn't. I wonder why you can't love me half a yard away without wanting to squeeze the life out of me about every ten minutes Oh ! — and here are the others.' ' Very busy playing gooseberry, Mrs. Jock 'r' said Lumley. with a quizzical air. Mrs. Jock laughed. 'Yes, I kuow. I would blush, only that Jock has long ago worn out my power of blushing,' she said. 'Has tea come ill V Then let us have it, and then go for a walk down the drive. Wc shall all sleep better for it.' Chapter IV.— VERE THE MARTYR. fihedoe th little kindncts ;es wliich most leave undone or despise. ' There isn't much to see iu tliis part of the world,' Mrs. Jock remarked during the course of breakfast the followiug morning, ' but what little there is I want you to see, Vere.' ' You're very kind, Mrs Jock,' tlie girl returned gratefully. "Well, I believe I am kind," said Mrs. Jock, with a delightful candour which was one of her most charming characteristics ; "but at the same time, as you will find out for yourself, my dear, in a way I'm a thoroughly bad hostess, because I cannot give all my time up to my visitors. I have my work to do, and they have to look after tucmselves until dinner time nine days out of ten.' ' Which is perhaps the reason why the Fish Ponds is such a popular house, Mrs. Jock,' said Lumley, smiling. 'It is very dreadful and unpleasant when your hostess makes out a chart of your doings for the day and sends you out perhaps tete-a-tete with the lady some other man iu the house is 111 love with, to her cliargriu, his despair, and your unmitigated dis gust. Don't apologise for your charming Liberty Hall — we all love it too well to wish it altered in the least.' ' Then I will not. But as Miss Nugent has never be 311 here before I must have a sort of idea of what she is going to do, or else I may find at diuncr-tiiue that she has beeu neglected aud lonely all day.' ' Oh ! I shall be all right,' said Vere, ' prav don't worry about me. I shall be quite happy with the children if you leave 111c to my own devices.' ' I thiuk not to-day, dear — the chicks will be per fectly wild aud unmanageable for a week or so, they love the country so. By the by Jock, what are you going to do?' ' Oh I 6hall be awfully busy all the morning, darling. I've got to get all my fishing-tackle iu order — and at least a dozen letters to write for you.' ' Aud you, George?' she asked, highly pleased at her Jock's ingenuity. 'I — oh; I am quite at your service,' Lumley replied. ' Well, I'll tell you what I do wish you would do,' Mrs. Jock said eagerly : ' if you will take either the stanhope or the pony-trap and drive Vere into East. Court and show her the outside look of the place and bring me some fish, you would be doing me a real service.' ' I shall only be too charmed.' he said promptly. _ Miss Nugeut, however, sat bolt upright, for she did not by any means see being, as she thought, palmed off 011 to this important man, who was probably swearing at fate that he must pass the next two hours or more in the company of a girl whom, ten chauces to one, he looked upon as au uumitigated nuisancc. ' I would so much rather idle about here, really,' she said, hurriedly. ' There is nothing I enjoy 60 thoroughly.' ' Miss Nugent!' exclaimed Lumley, in accents of deepest reproach. She flushed a little as her eyes met his. ' Oli ! well, of course I didn't mean anything per sonal to you, Mr. Lumley, but ? ' and then she broke off short and looted at her resolute little hostess with every signal of distress. ' Oh ! I quite understand, Vere. I, too, quite hate to be parcelled out with or without my own consent. But I really do want the fish ; the Squire and his wife are coming to dine to-night, and you know what a country dtunw-table looks like without fish — and I don't think I'd quite trust George to choose it — and we must have some ice — a, shillings' worth I think — and — and really it would he very kind of you both if you would help 1110 out of the dilemma,. I daresay you both thiuk I might send Jock, but Jock has fish ing on the brain, aud men are so intolerably selfish wlieu they're married — lie doesn't care a button whether I give the Squire fish for dinner or not.' ' I'll catch you some fish if I can, Ruth,' said Jock, with imperturbable good nature — 'if I can, mind.' Mrs. Jock elevated her little nose instantly, aud laughed. ?£ ' If you can — thousand thanks, dear. ©.lid fancy Mrs. Fergusson's face if I gave lier roach enrj) for dinner. No. dear Jock, the Fish I^ndsSre very charming, but they're not productively a saving to our fishmonger's bill. Then you wil V,ro, you two dear things ? I shall have au easy mind all day, if you will.' I11 the face of this appeal Vere Nugent had 110 choice hut to put 011 her coat and hat and to take her sea t iu the smart little curt which Lumley had chosen as being the most suitable for the expedition. I must say tlia.t for a man who had professedly been avoiding matrimony all his life, aud the intricate aud slippery paths which led thereunto, he proved himself possessed of a, very pretty ingenuity in those little dodges aud devices which help the pilgrim of love 011 the way toward the goal of wedded bliss. It seems to me, as it seemed to him that day, that uo matter in how cold and stiff a mood you set out in a small wobbly pony cart behind a frisky little sleek-coated person who is never two minutes in the same mind, who wants to crawl up one hill and tear down another, who stops demurely to pretend to bite viciously at a fly and takes advantage of the oppor tunity to get a. mouthful or two of the sweet young grass a-growing by the wayside, you must end by becoming perfectly friendly with the other occupant thereof, taking for granted that there is no positive dislike or bone of contention between you. And so with these two. I a, 111 hound to say that Miss Nugent came down dressed for the expedition with the air and feeling of a, martyr. She was very polite, and very particular in taking all Mrs. Jock's instructions as to the kind of fish aud the quantity she was to bring. ' Salmon, if you can get it,' said Mrs. Jock elabo rately. well knowing, wicked little woman that she was, that salmon was not to be had in East Court for love or money — 'if you can't find salmon, bring any good fish that you can get — enough for eight persons, and don't, whatever you do, forget the ice. We are lost without the ice.' ' Is there anything else ?' Miss Nugent, inquired. ' I think not, dear, I thiuk not. And I hope you'll enjoy yourselves — I'm sure you will. George is de lightful to go anywhere with.' ' This last was spokeu iu a discreet whisper, and Miss Nugent vouchsafed uo comment upon it. not even a smile. As a matter of fact she was boiling over with anger; she felt that she had beeu thrust upon him whether he would or not, and not even his reproachful exclamation of 'Miss Nugent!' had been euougli to reassure her. Tliey had jogged along the road for full a quarter of a mile before Lumley realised the frame of mind that the girl was in. Wlieu he did so lie lost 110 time in trying to break down the wall of icy reserve wliich she had built around herself. 'Miss Nugent,' he said abruptly, finding that she oulv spoke in the coldest tones and 111 monosyllables, ' I hope it. doesn't bore you to tike this drive.' She flushed scarlet. 'Oh, 110; it's — it's that — only — I wasn't sure whether you ? ' ' Whether I should be bored or not,' he suggested, looking down upon her with twinkling eyes (and Lumley, even when most in earnest, liad a desperately keen sense of humour). ' Well.' she began a little awkwardly, 'you don't, know how horrid it is to be disposed of without ? ' ' Oh, yes, I do,' he answered, findiiig that she stopped short, at, a loss for words 111 which to express her thoughts. ' I've been victimised so often that 1 kuow exactly what you mean. But in tliis case I do hope you won't miud, because I did want to drive you iu to East Court dreadfully badly.' ' Reaily.' She looked straight up iuto his honest eyes in her surprise, and Lumley smiled down upon her, and somehow they seemed to be friends all in a minute. And, as Mrs. Jock had very truly said, Lumley was delightful to go anywhere with. He was amusing aud had a deferential ail1 which implied a compliment with every word that he spoke ; and being, as he was, more utterly iu love than he had ever beeu in all his five-and-thirty years before, he not unnaturally exerted himself as much as possible to please her. ' I thiuk we had better put this person up,' he said, as they turned into the main street of the little seaside town. ' It is five miles home, and if I re member anything of East Court, we shall have to hunt the town pretty well over before we get so much as a little unier-sized crab for our pains. I think we had better put up.' Happily. Miss Nugeut had no opinions on the subject. He had come out in charge of the pony, aud for the matter of tliat of her also, and he was therefore responsible for taking them safely home again. So, as she made no objection to the proceed ing,- Lumley put up at the principal hotel, and they set off 011 their quest of fish together. They found, exactly as he had foretold, that tliey had to hunt the little town over, aud iu truth they did not find it even then. No. there was 110 Jisli in East Court, the different fishmongers told them, the morn ing's take had gone straight up to Loudon as quickly as it could be packed : there might he a. boatload or t .vo ashore in an hour or an hour and a half. Yes, he would be down to supply several orders he had. He could get them anything they wauted if tliey liked to wait for it. Eventually they decided to wait uutil the midday ltoats came in. As they walked down the little street Lumley looked at his watch. ' Just eleven now,' lie said : well, it's about teu minutes past. What shall we do with ourselves ? ' ' Go down on the beach, I should think,' she replied. ' Good ! we will.' lie agreed. ' Wouldn't you like some lollipops to cat the while ? Somehow, I think lollipops and sea-beach go so well together.' ' Oh ! do you like lollipops ? ' she said. ' Oh, don't I ? ' he answered. ' They always make me feel young again. Now this is the best shop ' in East Court for that sort of thing — I have the ad van - tage over you, you see. I have been at the Fish Ponds b if ore. and I know the ways of the place and the likes aud dislikes of my friends, Beta and Frankie.' ' You have come with them iuto East Court ? ' she said, by way of saying something. ' Many a time. Now, don't you think those mar zipan bon-bons look very suggestive ? And these chocolates? I should think a pound or two of those might satisfy the young corwarants, eh ? Yes, a pound of each, and will you send them up to Mr. Airlie's trap at the Rose and Crown ? Thanks. Now, Miss Nugeut, what shall we choose for onr own delecta tion ? Those are awfully good, I'm sure. A pound of those then.' I11 less than ten minutes they were sitting down among the rocks and seaweed 011 the beach, the bag of lollipops between them ; Vere sitting gazing out over the water with her -wonderful eyes ; Lumley, the j great painter, lying on his hack, watching lier. I fTo be continued.) 