EPISCOPAL VISIT TO TALLANGATTA Tho Eight Eov. Dr. Roville, coadjutor Bishop of. Bendigo, arrived at Tallang atta on Saturday afternoon, after administering confirmation at Iviewa. His Lordship was accompanied hy tho parish priest, Eathor Carolan, who drovo tho Bishop from Kiowa. A nutnbor of ladies and gentlemen, on liorsoback and in buggies, mot the ecclesiastical party near Bolga, and oscorted thorn hack to Tallangatta, tho wholo forming quite an imposing cavalcade. Tho Bishop celebrated Mass at 8 o’clock on Sunday morning, in tho prcsonco of a largo number of wor shippers. Eathor Carolan was celebrant of the 11 o’clock Mass, at which thoro was an overflowing congregation, tho largo Atlioumum-hall boing crowded. The altar, which had been improvised on the stago of tho hall, was vory chastely decorated with flowors and forns, reflect ng groat crodit on tho tasto and devotion of tho ladies (Mrs. Eoper and Miss Ley) concerned in its arrangomont. At tho conclusion of Mass, tho Bishop preached a stirring sormou from tho Gospel of tho day—John xiv., 23-31. In an eloquont pororation, ho oxhortod his lioarors to so ordor their lives as to bo abovo tho contompt and sneers of tho world and rondor their hearts fit temples of tho Holy Ghost. Tho Bishop thou donned tho mitro and procoodod to admiuistor tho sacra ment of confirmation to some thirty young people of both sexes, first ad dressing tho postulants in a feeling manner, impressing upon thorn tho sacred nature of tho function they wore about to participate in. Thoro could bo no more suitablo fostival than Pontocost for rocoiviug tho sacrament of confirmation ; tho same Holy Ghost who doscomled upon tho Apostlos on tho first Pontocost would como into the hearts of tlioso re ceiving tho sacrament and ondow them with His sovonfold gifts. In tho course of his examination ot tho candidates, lio had been exceedingly ploased with tho good knowledge of thoir religious dutios and acquaintance with tho Christian Doetrino exhibited by tho young people. This was especially gratifying when tho distance from tho ceutro of tho parish was considered, necessitating as it did all tho religious instruction being imparted at home, and tho fact reflected great credit upon tlio children as well as upon their parents, especially tho motliors. Ho hoped tho young pcoplo would study their catochisms still further in preparation for their first communion, a mouth lionce. Tho sacrament was thon administered, Mr. Ed. Kelly acting ns sponsor for the boys, and Mrs. lloper for tho girls. At tho conclusion of tho ceremony His Lordship again addressed tho young people, congratulating. them upon receiving confirmation. Ho onjoinod them to lead good lives, to always remember thoir daily prayers, and to frequent tho sacraments. Ho had also a few words to say upon tho utility of young womon learning domestic and household duties. An opinion sceinod to provail among man}’ young womon nowadays that tho performance . of domestic duties was undignified; but ho contended that thoro was no bottor training for young womon than to bo instructed in household management. Tho Bishop further stated that ho always on tho occasion of a confirmation sorvico asked tho young pooplo confirmed to givo a promiso to abstain from tho uso of intoxicating liquors until thoy roachod tho ago of 21 years ; and, if any of their number woro over 16 years of ago, to so abstain for a period of five years. Ho asked all who cared to mako such a promiso, and to strictly obsorvo tho pledge, to hold up their right hands. A unanimous rosponso was given to tho Bishop’s invitation, all the recipients of confirmation pledging themselves by holding up thoir hands. Tho children boing dismissed, Mr. T. J. Murray approached tho altar, and read the following ADDRESS TO THE PRELATE To tho Eight Reverend Dr. Eevillo, Bishop of Ceram, and coadjutor Bisliop of Sandhurst. Very Eov. and Dear Sir,— Wo tho undersigned members of tho Catholic Church in Tallangatta beg to greet you with a hearty welcome. Since yoiu‘ last visit, now nearly six years ago, the district lias inoreased in prosperity, as your Lordship then predicted. Wo approach you on this occasion in the same spirit that characterises Catholics all over the world in showing their respect and veneration for their clergy of every grade. We beg to thank you on behalf of our selves, and especially on behalf of our children, to whom you have this day administered the holy' sacrament of con firmation. Wo pray that Almighty God may grant you a long life to minister your sacred office here, and eternal happiness hereafter; and we trust that in your wisdom you will think fit to pay us another visit when' our new church will be completed. Signed on behalf of the congregation— T. J. Murray, John Ley, Patrick Mullins, Joseph Toal, M. Peacock, John Kelly, John Eeid, Matthow O’Rielly, M. M‘Maliou, James Kearney, Eugene M'Swiney, Edward Kirk, Edward Kelly, Thomas Kelly. Dr. Eevillo, in reply, returned thanks for the nicoly-wordcd address, and also for tho cordial and enthusiastic wolcomo and kindness which had boon extended towards him on his arrival in tho town. On tho occasion of his last visit to Tallan gatta lie carried away most pleasurablo recolloctions of tho town and its residents. Ho confessed himself surprised at tho respoctablo turn-out of tho previous day, and felt highly pleased with the manner in which not only members of his own church but other gontlemen had gone out of their way to show their kindly feeling towards him and oxtond to him a cordial wolcomo to tho town. Ho alluded to the fact of Catholic bishops, when travelling, being always treated with respect by members of other congregations, as ovi douco of tho great union of Christian peoplo. Ho also roforrod to the progress made by Tallangatta since his last visit; tho town had advanced far beyond his anticipations. Ho assured Ins hearers that nothing would givo him greater ploasuro than to visit tho town for tho purposo of opening a church. It was a great drawback to the local Catholics that they had not a placo of worship of their own. Ho was glad to hear, however, that steps were boing taken to have a church erected hero. He felt that no town had any stability until all the denominations therein had churches of their own. The presence of tho sacred edifices afforded proof of tho enterprise of the residents, and of their assiduousness, not only in worldly concerns, but in the matter of their spiritual •Welfare. He hoped his hearers would enjoy a great measure of success in this life and eternal happiness in tho hereafter. Tho bestowal of the bene diction concluded tho proceedings. Bishop Eovillo proceeded to Bcthanga on Monday moruiug, for tho purposo of administering confirmation in that town. 