AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The production of a new play by a lo[?]al author drew together a large and interested audience at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening. The dress circle was well filled, the stalls also, and the gallery had a. large but somewhat unruly number of occupants. The latter should Lave been more considerate than they were to the amateurs who formed the company, and given them at least the same fair play they would have awarded to a professional troupe. We trust this reminder will be taken in the spirit that is intended when the play will be repeated to- night. We may say at once that in our opinion the play fa a good one, and that the acting throughout was of the most praiseworthy character. Had the same piece Ijeen produced here say by Kyrie Bellew and Mrs. Totter and company ib would have met with a cordial reception, and every point in it would have been watched with the closest interest. Because it was the work of a local playwright and present.-*! by local amateurs, it was subjected to a some what careless criticism by that portion of the audience to which we have alluded, who looked for the usual slips or embarrassments of amateurism for something to rouse their merri ment. They were not justified, however, in their interruptions even in this respect, because the performance on the whole was one of the best ever given by an amateur company, and the performance created a thoroughly favorable impression upon the large bulk of me audience who were qualified to judge of its merits. The author, Mr. Boothby, is well enough known here as an aspiring young dramatist wbo lias written various plays, besides thelibrettoof the opera of "Sylvia." He may possibly overrate the value of Ids own work, but he certainly deserves encouragement, and it is quite on the cards that he will one day achieve all the success that he desires on the road to fame and fortune that he lias mapped out for himself. He is desirous of producing a work that may be accepted for representation by a London manager, and believes that in "The JonquihV' he has struck the right thing. Haddon Gliambexs and others with no greater literary pretensions originally than Mr. l&oothby; have made their mark at home, and there is no more reason why the private secretary of the Mayor of Adelaide should not in time blossom out into a success ful dramatist than a representative of the fourth estate in Sydney. Mr. Boothby's - latest effort "The Jonquflle"' is not a great play.butitisatneritoriousone. Haditbeenpre sented here before '"La Tosca/' after whoselmes it is fashioned, it would certainly have arrested direct and immediate attention on account of its construction and its literary merits. Its defect is that it follows somewhat closely after Sardou, but this even as a comparison may be considered as complimentary to it. The lan guage is at times stilted and highflown, and we are reminded of Bulwer's gardener's son, who so glowingly pour trayed to his expectant bride the beauties of the Lake of Gomo, ending with the enquiry, " Dost like the picture T " The JonqiuuV is well conceived, cleverly contrived, and tho roughly actable throughout. Although a first production it went well from start to finish, afforded some excellent situations to the prin cipals, was never wearying, but kept the at tention of the audience engaged and elicited very hearty and well deserved applause. The author was twice called before the curtain, and bowed his acknowledgments to the compli ment. We need not detail at length the plot, as it is a story of the French revolution, based probably on one of the works of Dumas, with a modern style of treatment. The heroine, Margot, has been brought up in childhood on - the estate of the Marquis}de Chateau Boy, and has exchanged youthful vows of affection ' with the heir to the title and estates. In a friendly way he has told her that some day she shall be his wife, and these words lightly spoken K> far as he is concerned became of vast importance to her. She lives with the idea that the marquis is really in love with her, and although only filling the humble capacity of a turkey herd she spams the affections of Gamule, the son of her foster mother, who is devotedly attached to *""•. A rude awakening comes when the marquis arrives to take possession of his chateau ana to marry an heiress. Then Margot, desperate and determined, casts the portrait of her lover at his feet, and takes her departure for Paris. Her'scheme is to become a celebrity on the stage, and in the nest act we find her efforts crowned with success, and that as "La Jonquil" she is the fashion and the favorite of the tune. She has achieved wealth, and par chased the estates of the marquis, who is ruined, and he being one of the nobility has to fiee for his life under her shield and protec tion. The various stages of the play lead to the scene in which the JohnquittVhas be*n arrested by Mathias Sonterre, the revolu tionist, who is the sworn enemy of the Chateau Roy, because he was robbed of his first love by the marquis's father. He causes the Chevalier de Beauharnois, an old noble, to be *hot, and threatens the Jonqoille and her maid Favette with the same fate if they will not disclose the hiding place of Chateau Boy and deliver him into the hands of the exeen rioper. This fate is 'averted from the mar quis by the loyalty of the actress and her peasant lover Camille, who is actually the uatural brother of the marquis, and while the latter regains his free dom the former becomes mad, as the JonquiHe, or his first love Margot, dies of heart disease before him. Sonterre enters with his soldiers to find that death has no farther terrors for his captives, and the cur tain falls upon a very impressive finale. The - various characters in the play were -very capably sustained. Mr. Leonard Parker dis played conaderabledramaticskill in performing the dual role of Chateau Boy and CatnDle Valdor, having to make rapid changes of dress and to sustain the active part of the dialogue from the first scene to the last. He was letter perfect except in one slight instance where an interruption from the gods distracted his attention, and he acted with a verve and con scientiousness far beyond the ordinary run of amateurs. He was eomewhat at a, disadvantage occasionally in the dress ing of the part, such as the set of the wig, &c; but he displayed on the whole histrionic talent of no mean order. Miss Dora Moulden, as the heroine, had a very arduous and difficult task to perform, and acquitted herself as but few lady amateurs could. She was earnest, impressive, and realistic, and in style and speech seemed to emulate Mrs. Brown-Potter, but was neces sarily lacking in her finish and effectiveness. Her physique also is in & measure against her in such a role, but she acquitted herself so ad mirably as an amateur that we can only speak of her in the highest praise. Miss KtifcKlfifn Stock made a decided bit as Favette, and re minded us of Pattie Browne by her piquancy and archness. Her pleasing features and neat figure were set oS to foil advantage, and with such a waitress the Silver Stag Inn should never have been wanting in customers. Her devotion to her mistress in the later acts was well exemplified, and she aided largely in the success of the representation. To Mr. W. G. Daly as Mathias Sonterre full credit tnusb be given for an Artistic rendering of a very arduous role. He was the rough desperate out cast in the first act who sought the life of his foe, and in the subsequent acts was the gentlemanly courtier and again the triumphant revolu tionist, and in each acquitted t?img?lf admir ably. The other characters were:—Chevalier de Beauharnois (an old noble), Mr. L. Wick steed : Yicomte de Bosny, Monsieur Dander, and The Due D Etolle (Parisians), Messrs. Percy Begg, Seymour Smith, and L. Kaines ; Zacknst (a revolutionist), Mr. Williams; Goupil (amanservant), Mr. A. Kaines; Little Jean (a peasant child), Little Lillian Bruer; sergeant of soldiery, Mr. Preston : Dame Valdor (of theSilverStaglnn), Miss B. Lindsay. The advantage of having so experienced a stage mentor as Mr. Harry Ivorman was observant throughout the piece, which for an original representation went smoothly and most credit ably throughout. "The Jonquille" will be re peated this evening, when his Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Kintore will be present, and we understand that seats are already at a premium, and those who would, witness the performance must be early in at tendance. The Damimeks. The Dampiers and their Australian Dramatic Company—an organisation, by_ the way, which has been in process of formation for the past ten years—commence a brief season at the Theatre Royal on Monday night nest. Their opening piece will be " Robbery Under Arms," a sensational and romantic drama, which has been a success wherever produced, and shortly to be transplanted to the London boards. It is written by Messrs. Alfred Dampier and Garnet Walck, and founded upon the first and best of Rolf Boldrewood's capital novels. The part of the hero, Captain Starlight, "a cattle stealer, a mail-robber, a bushranger, and yeb a gentleman," is performed by Mr. Alfred Dampier, who.se name is in itself a guarantee of excellence. Miss Lily Dampier appeaxs as the heroine, Aiken Marston; Miss Rose Dam pier as her friend, Grace Storefield ; and Miss Kathenne Russell as Kate Morrison, all characters which wiii be remembered by readers of Rolf Boldrewood's work. Amongst the company supporting the Dampiers we notice the names of ladies and gentlemen who are established favorites and of others whose merits the audience should not be slow to appreciate. "Robbery Under Arms" will be illustrated by the original scenery specially painted for it by Monsieur Alta Tischbauer and said to be in excellent keeping with the play. Gabneh's Rooms. Mr. Thos. Hudson, the popular proprietor of Hudson's Surprise Party, was tendered a com plimentary benefit at Garner's Booms on. Friday evening, when there was a Luxe an A appreciative audience, who accorded tbW benenciarea great reception. Several additinoffi were made in the programme, which want witfi a siring from start to finish. Miss Habsood for her brilliant execution o| *' Irish, diamonds' 1 mi the pianaforte was awarded several floral ?Seringa- utd loodlp charad. Xo- wghn the company will appear foe tbe las* time- prior to their departure for India, and no doubt thero will be ? bumper house. Saturday Porous Cowoebt. Tb? programme of the tenth of this season's series of Saturday night concerto is announced in tke advertising colnnras of this issue, Ik will be teen thatthe manager is determined to I keep up fte attractive character <rf the concerts by obtaining the best possible talent for this week. Those two well-known and papular artistes, Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Armes Beau mont, have been engaged, and will each sing two popular songs a duet and a trio from Dohn?ttTe ey>era '^BeUsarL" Mr. T. H, Jones, Mue. Ban, the popular organist, will play four organ Solos on the anna organ, Messrs. 6. ReedaadH.lt Holder also contributing two songseacn to the programme. This being toe last concert of the present series and the strong combination of talent should ensure a larg; attenda?o?> T? ACHTRCH-CHAHBryCTOS OOMPAXY. As announced in our advertising coimnos, Miss Janet Achurch, the popular English tragedienne, will make her reappearance in Adelaide, but the season only lasts threa nights. Miss Aohurch, who is supported by Mr. Charles Charrington, Mr. Herbert Fiera luing, aad other capable artiste, will appear in the Albert Hall on the 22nd, 2tth, as* 2Hh August. There will be a change of programma ••ach evening. On Saturday next the powerfu drama "Foiget Me Not" will be staged. This piece has been popularised by Miss Gena?«?v? Ward, but Miss Achurch has achieved great success in it On Monday, when his Worship the Mayor announces his presence, Henrtk Ibsen's play "A Doll's House" will be pro duced. This piece eroked much disOTiskm and comment in Adelaide when presented before, and there is little doubt the play will prove equally interesting on its reproduction. The final evening of the season, when hie Excel lency the Governor has promised to be present, the Norwegian author's latest work " Hedda Gabkr* will be introduced for the first time in Australia. The Fastikg Max. Tanner is now in die 18th day of bis 40 days and sights' fast, and op to Friday morning at S o'doek he had lost 19 lb. in weight. During yesterday several medical men visited him and diagnosed his case. On Monday be will have completed the half of his task. Mcsical Ghost lixcsjon. This novel entertainment in Hindley street contamea to grow in public favor, boch the musical and the illusory portions being good. •The afternoon performances are specially adapted to Indw** *«^ children. 