The Daddy of the Sharks. The shallow waters around Key West, writes a Florida correspondent, is the home of millions, more or less, of big man-eating sharks, and scarcely a day passes but what one or more are killed from the wharves and in the shallow waters around the island. W. S. Wilson and Duke Dart, of the naval station, recently had a big experience with a fine specimen of the man-eating variety that will last them for several years, so they say. The other afternoon, while near the bar- racks, they saw several huge specimens swimming in the shallow waters, their huge dorsal fins going in every direction. Arming themselves with a couple of heavy-bore rifles, they started out. After chasing the 'daddy' of the gang around for some time, they got close to him and planked two bullets from 44 Winchesters through his ugly body. The big shark leaped clear out of the water on feeling the bullets, and came down with a swash, nearly upsetting the boat. To their surprise he then became perfectly quiet, and as they thought they had secured a prize without much trouble, they hastily pulled up to him, and putting a rope round his body, started to tow him to shore. All at once the seemingly dead shark awoke to the ignominous fact that he was being towed hind-end first into land, and his objection was shown very strongly. With a dash of his big tail the end of the boat was knocked to pieces, and the two shark fisher- men were hurled head over heels about ten feet into six feet of water, with scores of other sharks in very close proximity. The big shark started in a circle round the two wet fishermen, the rope trailing beneath him still fast to some portions of the boat. The shark hunters, however, were not thoroughly cowed by their surroundings, but seizing hold of the rope, attempted to stop the shark. As Dart explained afterward, it was like stopping a locomotive with 200 pounds of steam on. On feeling the additional weight on the rope, as they grasped it, the shark darted forward with lightning velocity, tow- ing the two astonished hunters through the water at a pace that they did not relish. Bravely they held on for a hundred yards, and then finding the pace too much for them they let go especially quick, as the shark was heading out for deeper water. The big shark, finding himself partially free, again turned and came for them with a tremendous plunge. As he came up he turned over on his back, opened wide his capacious mouth and made a dive for Wilson. The latter was spry enough to elude him springing high into the air as the shark neared him. By some mischance, as he dropped back, he fell a-straddle of the shark Instinctively his hands caught the knot in the rope that was tied around the shark's body, and the big water tiger, greatly astonished at this turn of affairs, started off with all his might. Fortunately he was so blinded by his terror and surprise that he did not know which way he was going, and, being headed toward the shore, he ran up on the sloping, gravelly beach, and in a second or two lay gasping almost out of the water. As he struck the sand and glided up the incline he gave a vicious twist of his tail that sent his rider head over heels on to dry land. Dart then hastened out of the water to his com- panion's assistance, and, securing big pieces of coral, they both began pelting the object of their wrath. For ten or fifteen minutes the fight was a right lively one, interspersed with many narrow escapes on their part from the monster's big tail, but at the end of that period the coral rock proved too much for him, and he gave up the ghost. On being measured the monster proved to be thirteen and one half-feet long, and would have weighed probably not less than 1,200 pounds. When he was opened they found one big shoe, a cigar-case, mouth organ, a large number of bones that plainly showed that his fame as a man-eating variety was not a mis-nomer. Strange to say, when the fragments of the boat were hauled to shore both the hunters' guns were found under the thwarts, where they had become fastened in some manner when the boat overturned. Both say that hereafter when they go shark hunting they will 'remain on dry land.' A beautiful diamond necklace, which has been brought forward by a New York jeweller, represents a wreath of oak leaves of small diamonds with several large stones set at intervals. 