THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken many years ago before a magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is given as follows: -A sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the praye-s and took the text:. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common-book, but pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company sawhim, and said-"Richard, put up the cards ; this is no place for them." Never mind that, said Richard. When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him be fore the magistrate. Well, said the^ Magistrate, what have you brought the soldier for? For playing cards in church. Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself? Much, sir, I hope. Very good! if not I will punish yoU severely. I have been s lid the soldier, about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Com mon Prayer-book. I have nothing but a uack of card sancl hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions. Then, spreading the cards before the Bailie, he began with the ace. When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce it re minds me of "Father and Son. When I see the three it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached -Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five it reminds me of the wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were fool ish, and were shut out. When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world-viz,, Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down tp Moses on the table of stone. When I see the king it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. W hen I see the queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was a woman and he was a man. She brought 50 boys and 50 girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were girls. The King sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. Well, said the Bailie, .'you have described every card in the.pack except one." What is that? The knave, said the Bailie. I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry. I will not, said the Bailie if you do not term me the knave. The greatest knave is the constable who brought me here. I do not know, said the Bailie, if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool. When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find 365, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find 52--the number of weeks in a year. I find there are 12 picture-cards in a ]jf>ck, representing the number of months iu a vear, and on countiug the tricks I find 13-the number of weeks iu a quarter. So you see .> pack of cards serve for x iiible, almanac, and Coinmou Prayer-book." 