BY ORDER o? THE CZAR the raws. (?AH Bights Reserved.] '(3»mmenoea. in the Evening News -if 33mxBiay. June 3B,]. . PART IIL ./; I CHAPTER ^.— (C0OT3NTTED.) Presently the Milbankes and the lovers stepped into the Venetian cab. It was lying by the station steps. It had no wheels, nor any horse. It was not ' the gondola of the London streets;' it. was the gondola of Venice, solemn looking enough, but not so solemn as others with their hooded decks. Walter had been minute' in his instructions, M for,' said lie, *« I always -remember my poor father's first and last visit to Venice $ it was winter, but daylight ; the gondola to him -was a float ing hearse ; to enter it when it is in its, full panoply of service you have to back into it ; my father lost his hat in doing so y the weather was wet and cold, it rained, the palace where he was lodged was chilled with a little,,charcoal .stove ; the next day he left the city in the sea j and there you have the prosiest possible idea of Venice.' y:: - --i-' ??--'- y- : - 'Walter, be: stni/' said Mrs. 'Mjlbankej ' the relation of that reminiscence is like throwing a stone at a lovely monument j don't you see we are afloat ?' 'I only -wanted to cap Philip's disap pointment at the start ; to put the finishing touch to the znudbanks and the stark, prosy realism of ihe railway station.' jJPhilip made no reply, for by this time they were in those quiet streets, \- A«i iS. a dream So smoothly, silently— by many a dome Mosque-like, and many a stately portico, - The statues ranged along an azure sky; By many a pile-in more than Eastern pride. Of old the residence of merchant kings ; The fronts of some/ though time had shattered them, '*'.- Still glowing with the richest hues of art, : As though the wealth within them had run o'er. Philip said not a word. Dolly's hand had somehow found its way to his. She sat beside him. He was wrapt in the spell of his first sight of Venice. She, too, felt the strange witchery of it. Dolly's was not exactly a poetical nature ; but like the dullest of us she had her moments when the mind soars and feels a consciousness of its divinity, ?-? ' . The air was balmy. There was no breeze. The moon shone steadily down upon them. It was an azure sky, as the poet' hath it, though it was night. The blue was dark but blue, and the more blue for the one or two silvery stars that twinkled about the silent reflective moon. The queen of night was surely contemplating the queen of cities. *' We are the two queens of the world,' it might have been saying, so high, so lofty, so dignified, so proud, she looked up in the heavens ; and so majestic, so pathetically majestic, looked the dreamy city of the sea, where moon and palaces glassed themselves in the calm waters. The one or two gondolas - that accom panied onriirienda .when they- started dis appeared mysteriously round bends of the Grand Canal, where lamps glimmered now and then in a half-hearted kind of competition with lighted windows that sent streaks of . gleaming darts or , broad beams of yellow down into the. deep, making the rippling wavelets that accompanied the gondola rise and fall with splashes of color that had the effect of molten gold. But this was only momentary j the gondola slipped and stole along, like some shadowy boat in some imaginary city, where the palaces rose like, architectural spectres out of the bosom of the dreaming waters. Philip ? pressed Dolly's hand. She re sponded faintly. Somehow she felt in clined to cry. Walter had lighted a cigar $ he had one arm round his wife; he was thinking of the supper he had ordered, and wondering whether he would ask Beppo to stay and take them out later. There -was music on the water far away. It fell: upon their ears like the moaning of an jJSolian harp. From one of the palace windows there came the ripple of laughter. r Beneath the balcony there shot forth, from a little canal, a gondola gaily lit With lamps ; it sped away with great swiftness, and Philip watched the fading lights until they disappeared as if the sea had swallowed them. How solemnly beautiful it all was ! ? Palaces on either hand, carrying the mind back to the most romantic days of the world's strange life, full of heroic passages of human history, gay with love ditties, red with tragic story, ramping with war, and blatant with defiant trumpets. And, oh ! how poor the modern: lay of the Venetian., glories^ how dim the words that burned, how intermittent the thoughts that breathed when Venice has been the theme '1.... Byron^ ptvray, Jjlusset, George Sand, b?ow flat in. comparison' wit*h' ihe reality ran Philip's thoughts; how wise that American writer, Howells, -who did not strive to describe the indescribable, but wrote a book of thoughts and facts and impressions ; for Venice is a fact j it was a. dream to Philip, though he fully realised that it was a fact- — it and its palaces, its Doges, jits great wars, its rebellions, its Bridge of Sighs, and its historic Rialto, its pageants and its pictures, its San Marco of -the grand old ancient days, and its IFJorians of the frivolous present. ** But who shall paint it fl? he thought. And *« why bas the poeticRuskin tried to catalogue and set forth the details of ite beauties aVif it were a pile of architectural bric-a-brac P' r- -- There was one thing Philip resolved* and that was not to paint Venice. The^queen of cities, yishe ;': was;^ ;be/%u^gestedi*/iaot painted ; - she was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study, but to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Ganaletti's pictures of her Berene beauty inade him shudder \ but he ielt that Turner ?hi^^toSerstopd L';-the:i. city in the lagoons with her Binki^ sun, hjpfshimmer^^ |h^-#h^^;i^€;*gpl*|en tp^exi^aierxlaay^eio.-; ing; boats, luiribering in :^& the sea. :Ph^p ^a| hardly, resp f or ^ppiiat ihte ; ^t^^r -tti^uglit Ifhe^ ^ottha^i^es ^xeaBqn;pri^ner^ could he have4)een happier Tnlus dreamy^ helplessness. Ip. the 'jBhadow of, a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying ihe flags of England and the P. .and 0., they pulled up at the stairs jtf^the hotel 5, and on their left, like a^reatVhite ghost* vfaj*. the robed statue of Victor JEmanuel, wait ing the coming of the King and Queen to have' its fair proportions disclosed to -the people. « Supper V* said Philip* when Walter in vited him to that aiecessary repast* 'X feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungryi?' ?'? ?'* Not: at all,' said Walter, i* It would; be if I bad not taken caie to order arepast ; ; but just as nothing makes one #6 hungry.; as a good play or the opera, nothing is more exhausting than, the first impressioniBVof . Venice. I remember., when. first I came to Venice,, that trip down the canal made me as hungry as my first experience of Don; Giovanni.' ' Jenny and Dolly appeared at supper with: bright eyes and in. bright costumes. Dolly was not so radiant as Jenny. The truth is Dolly was not quite happy. ? Alone during those last touches of the toilette, which Dolly arid Jenny often performed together, Dolly, had said to her sister, ' I really do not quite know whether Philip does' not see a little too much in nature and art outside me, I mean, of course, to be quite happy yriih. nxe; I. don't want to have nature and art always in competition with fashion and me.' - \- ?'« My dear,' said Jenny, kissing her, ' you are in- yourself the highest embodiment of nature £and»4art.' ?;. - '../ ~; .. „_ *' Not at all f if we were both putr up tfb auction, I shouldn't have a chance in com petition with One of those old palaces, or with a moonlight night on the Grand CanaL' f* You are a queer girl,' Jenny replied, ' he will get tired of Venice in a week. Venice is always the same j a beautiful woman is always different.' ' Now, girls,' said Walter, putting his head inside the door, 'supper* and Bhall I keep Beppo for a. floating siesta after wards?' : ? ' :-, ** Yes,' was Jenny's reply, *' what is the timef' ' Ten,' said Walter. So -Beppo and his comrade ate their polenta and. drank a measure of wine, and smoked their cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their supper near5 the hotel balcony, where you could see Carlo, the head waiter, flitting to and fro in his dress coat, enjoying' the chatter of the guests. Beppo .arid his comrade agreed that the ladieB were very pretty girls. Jenny. would have been- much com plimented if she had heard Beppo speak ing of her as a girl. ' They are so free and pleasant,' Beppo said, as he lay back in the boat looking up at the hotel windows. ' Most English ladies are, they are like our Queen ; she is fora Queen wonderfully free and pleasant spoken. Just the Queen for a free people, eh, Bettina ?' Beppo called his comrade by. his nick name, Bettina, which had been given to him, because he was supposed to be womanish in his manners and had never been able to grow'Ja~beard, but who in his build and in his strong arms was quite unlike a woman; and he was still moire unlike in the fact that he rarely talked, only as sa rule said ' Yes ' or ' No ' when he ..was- not .simply content to smile.or frown his yeses or noes. ' Yes,' said Bettina. 'She will be here to-niorrow, Bettina, and the king will unveil that noble statue of his royal father, Victor, Emanuel, under whose banners we fought in the war, Bettina.' 'Yes,'1 said Bettina. . ** And conquered, eh, Bettina p» ' Yes,' said Bettina. ? ' And at the base of it there is Italy in chains and Italy free ; and we helped to break iier chains, eh. Bettina P' «.« Yes,' said Bettina. j' And these English people are our best friends, Bettina, and when next we have to fight they will fight with us on shore and at sea.' * . ' Yes,' said Bettina. While Beppo was romancing about what Italy would be like after the next great war, the English party came out with pretty cloaks and gauzy wraps upon their arms, the men with cigars in tbeir mouths, Beppo, hat in hand, was ashore in one moment, to be handing his passengers into, the gondola the next, and helping Walter tb arrange the cushions so that Dolly and Jenny should be at their most perfect ease, with Walter and Philip at their feet, the moon dancing away^iiown in the sea beneath them, and sailing majestically above them with two attendant stars. (to be continued.) 