THE SCIENCE OF FICTION. 18 TIIR NOVELIST DORN OB -HADE 1 Three mea BO very different as M. Paul Bourget, Mr. Walter Besant, and Mr. Thomas Hardy take part in a symposium in the New Review upon " The Science of Fiction "-which is as much as to say that the subject is treated from three widely varying standpoints. The author of "Men- songes " gives us a delicate little essay upon tho schools of fiction-the school of Flaubert and Turguenieff, the school of Balzac, and the school of analysis. Mr. Besant, as a practical man, dis- cusses thc feasibility of an Academy of Fiction ; and Mr. Hardy feels impelled by his poetic vein to say that it is im- possible to set forth the science of fiction without writing a " whole library of human philosophy, with instructions how to feel." There is much that is interesting in M. Bourgct's definition of the art of fiction : "The art of fiction is the art of imagining and depicting persons. Hero we seem to have a principle capable of making a line of separation between two classes of novelists. To delineate a character the writer may, in fact, employ two methods. The first consists in effacing himself behind his hero, so that his own impression does not influence the reader's ; his own views are not mixed up with his narra- tive ; he is like a watchmaker who has made a watch. Whether that watch- maker was merry or sad, fair or dark, young or old, the watch does not tell us. Its function is to tell the time. In the same manner the personages of the novel should, according to this method, come and go, live and breathe, without revealing anything respecting him who has thus manufactured them. Thus it is, say the partisans of this method, in the actual world. You meet a man in thc train, at a table d lióte, or in the drawing-room. This man speaks and acts before you ; you judge him by his words and acts. It is for the novelist to present people to us in the same manner by their words and acts. This is somewhat pedantically called the objective system. There is another method which consists in the writer explaining what his characters are while delineating them. He makes them act before us, and he comments upon their acts. He studies them, and he communicates to us the reflections thereby suggested. Stendhal, Georges Sand, Balzac proceed in this manner." M. Bourget finds that the novelists of action and of manners, as well as the analytical novelists, have their faults : but the whole matter, he points out, is full of difficulties :-" When- ever we touch these general osstlietical problems we feel that they includo an in linitc number of particular problems. How, for instance, is the historical novel, as treated by Flaubert in ' Salammbô to be connected with the idyllic novel conceived by Georges Sand in her Berri stories, and the novel of manners? What becomes of the analy- tical novel when it transforms itself into a novel with a purpose, or when it devotes itself to the study of morbid matters, as in the queer stories of an Edgar Poe or a Hoffmann ? In which nation has romantic literature most abundantly nourished, and why have the English, the Russians, and the French excelled in it, while the Ger- mans and the Italians have merely followed at a distance! Of what development does it appear to be still capable, or does its apogee indicate the approach of its decline ? These are un- settled questions which all deserve to be treated in minute detail. What a vast field a critic like Sainte-Beuve would have before him if he wished to write that ' Historie des Espèces Littéraires,' almost all of which remains to be traced, and which would be a history of the real modern rhetoric !" Mr. Besaut is much touched by the unhappy fate of the young novelist, condemned to make an inadequate use 1 of his material because he can get no instruction in the technicalities of his art. Least of all can he expect help from the unspeakable reviewer : " I am not one of those who enter- tain a blind animosity to reviewers. I do not picture them as a tribe of wolves lurking for their prey in anonymous shade, nor do I imagine a disappointed and envious crowd, longing for an opportunity to backbite and to slander. Quite the contrary. Reviewers, I have always found, are human creatures men and women. Therefore, they are good or bad, kindly or spiteful, scrupu- lous or unscrupulous, truthful or false. Mostly, thanks, perhaps, to the control and the choice of the editor, they in- cline to the better qualities. That, at least, is my own experience. The re- viewer of tlie novels, if he can afford to read what he reviews, for the most part contents himself with a single expres- sion of fact. He says that he tikes the book or he does not like it. This is the meaning of his criticism, that, and nothing more. He says it in three lines, as in some papers, or in half a column, as in others; but this is all he says. It amounts to this and nothing more. And the young writer who reads thc reviews hoping to find guidance or leading, or thu recognition of any laws or canons of art, or the perception that there are any such laws, may look in vain." " Can the technicalities of novel writing be taught?" asks Mr. Besant. He is entirely of opinion that they can : "In a school of fiction I can con- ceive a lecturer dissecting a work, or a series of works, showing how the thing sprang first from a central idea ; how tins idea gradually attached itself to a central figure in a central group ; how there arose about this group scenery thc setting of the fable ; how the atmosphere became presently charged with the presence of mankind, other characters attaching themselves to the group ; how situations, scenes, conversa- tions, led up little by little to the full I development of this central idea. I can also conceive of a school of fiction in which the students should be made to practice observation, description, dialogue, and 'dramatic effects. The student, in fact, would be taught how to use his tools. In this way the young writer might at least be saved a great many disgusts and disappointments, and a deal of valuable time. He would learn at the outset something of what is absolutely necessary. He would especially learn, unless his teachers were pedants, that mere knowledge of the technique is useless without a natural aptitude for the art is present to begin with. But what if the natural aptitude is not present? We shall then, it will be objected, be training a horde of mediocre and incompetent novelists. Not at all. . It would be- come more and morn impossible for the bad novelist to get his work published, even on the bose and ignominious terms of paying for it." Very different are Mr. Hardy's opinions. He grants the value of observation, but points out that a great deal more than that is needed to make a novelist : "A sight for tho liner qualities of existence, an ear for the 'still sad music of humanity,' are not to be acquired by the outer senses alone, closed as their powers in photography may be. What cannot be discerned by eye and ear, what may be apprehended only by the mental tactility that comes from a sympathetic appreciativeness of life in all its manifestations, this is the gift which renders its possessor a more accurate delineator of human nature than many another with twice his powers and means of external observa- tion, but without that sympathy. To see in half and quarter views the whole picture, to catch from a few bars the whole tune, is the intuitive power that supplies the would-be story-writer with tho scientific bases for his pursuit. Once in a crowd a listener heard a needy and illiterate woman saying of another poor and haggard woman who had lost her little son years before, 'You can see the ghost of that child in her face even now.' That speaker was one who, though she could probably neither read nor write, hod the true means towards the ' science ' of fiction innate within her-a power of observa- tion informed by a living heart. Had she been trained in the technicalities, she might have fashioned her view of mortality with good effect-a reflection which leads to a conjecture that per- haps true novelists, like poets, are born, not made. 