GOSSIP. Perforated wash-leather gloves for sleeping in dr« good for hands disposed to get rough. Mar\\- AndciBon't married life is said to have bsen nil unhappy one, and she is as thin and pale as a ghost The family have been obliged to practice severe economy. H omeui announces the fact, that EopTjihL in proportion to population., has more women workers thut any other country, * twelve, per cent of the industrial classes being women. It is announced iliat on and after Jauuarv 1, 1S92, all the telephone clerks in Beiiis will Ire replaced by women. The clerfcs who at rs^ni act as telephone clerks are tlc- ircd Co themselves by that time a= telegraph o: post-office clerks. The laundresses of London are asking to be pat upon the fame terms as other workers m the administration of the Factory Acts, and the London Trades Conndl purpose assisting them to obtain what they demand, and make their path in life as bright and smooth as a newly ironed shirt front. An esterprismg young' American lady has started ?-*Hoose Cleaning Brigade.1 She has with her a band of practical, capable women, who take possession of the home ' wnHe the family spend a week elsewhere, at the end of wMeb they return to find the house swept and garnished, and a delight to inhabit. ' The Question of the marriageable age for women is very much to the fore in Sweden. A bill has been introduced into the Swedish Parliament, that the lowest age at which women might be allowed to marry should be raised to eighteen, and the matter -will non form the subject of exhaustive inquiries as to the various points which may bear upon it. -Mr. WTwsrtWn Wmt iMm to tn minr the walls of a room dead black, and when this is dry be covers tt over with a +*'' wash of yellow. This has the effect of increasing the apparent size of the apartment, and the spectator feels as if be were in a fog in a room of enormous size. Another original idea for wall decoration is a dado from the fluted paper in which bottles are packed, covered with white enamel. It is Bad to bear that the passion for Bamblioff among ];uti»j is becoming ft serious evil in New York society. They form them selves into little dabs for playing * poker/ and at some of these little dubs startmgly large cams are woo. and lost. The gatherings always take place at the private residences of the members. Ten thousand delegates attended the Women's Conference at Washington. Miss HorencB Balearnie and one or two other ?English ladies were included amongst the nomber. Presents in a cotillon are expensive items at a bafl if the hostess intends to do the thing welL The latest idea, Transition ticdances, is to give each lady in the cotillon a whole piece af pretty washing eUb, suitable for a dress — a Very practical ofiering. Tin order of the Beraardine nuns spend much time in the culture of white camellias in a remote village an the shores of the Bay of Biscay. Their vows compel them to observe -'absolute silence.' Engel Hessell, in Vablde, a seamstress in needy 'circumstances, seat a petition to the fimperor of Germany, begging faim to send her * vowing machine Last week, to her great joy, she -was told that a machine had arrived for her in I*uenbruck. ? Miss Ethel Cain, daughter of Mr. Robert Gain, Jan., of Liverpool, has just succeeded in winning a free open scholarship for singing offered by the Roval College of Music, London. Mmh Cain was one of 320 candidates who competed for the scholarship. She already posaoiBeB two Royal Academy certificates. Miss Ella Swing, who is eight feet high, and weighs 245 lbs., recently passed through New York on her way to Europe. She is eighteen yean of age, her figure is perfect, and she is pretty. Tfaiayoonglady will not visit ready ? made boot-shops, because her feet are eighteen inches long — & -urcu n ^stance, by the way, not ?KkeJy to make European belles' die of envy. An afternoon, entertainment called a 'magazine vrrant™ Is the latest tiling in Boston (U.S. A). There is a stage on which are presented tableaux in. which beauteous Boston maids and macrons tabe part. Lovely classic altar in centre with a perennial fire burning on it. Greek cnstaiDes, «moke of incense, and a room full of critical Bostomans looking on. Such is the usual programme. And it ia considered great fun, except when some one varies the proceedings by telling a fanny story. Ann TeVford, the Maryport centenarian, died on March 3, aged 111. She was born at Torpeahow, Cumberland, in 1760, her age being fully attested by the parish register. Her maiden name was Charters, and she was married in 1809- She leaves a son and three daughters, and a number of grandchildren and great-grand-cnildreii. Her eldest son, who was in 1810, died two yean ago. The old lady's mental faculties were unimpaired to the last. Why should not women be allowed to -practise as solicitors ? A case of considerable hardship has recently been brought before the Incorporated Law Society. A country solictor wished to ask to be allowed to article bis daughter. She had for several years helped bun in his business, and was prepared to undergo the examinations required by statute. Her father urged, in addition, that he had no soos, and that he was anxious to make pro vision for bis daughter. The society, however, in accordance with precedent, refused to admit the lady to the profession. Children should be taught m take care of and wait upon themselves. 'I can afford to he-ve servants to wait ou my children.' Then you can afford to spoil vour children, that's alL Children should wait oo themselves. You have j^rt, au only boy, and there are two servants to wait upon him, and they trot np and down the stairs to wait upon him, to get liis boots, and almost help bim to pnt them on. You are spoiling that boy. Children should lie laught to mm it upon and take care of them selves as mueb at possible, then they will be prepared to be independent when they go out into life. 