FACTS PO CUSSED. ? « ? The Central Australian sa--8 that in Bathurst Mr. F. B. Suitor knocked that long slab of senility, Mr. W. H. Paul, out in one act. Mr. G. R. Dibbs received communi cations from six different constituencies asking; him to allow himself to bo nominated. The Educational Gazette, a journal pub'ished in I'.ie in 'crests of the Depart ment of Education, made its first appearance iu Sydney on June 1st. Mr. Barton calls Mr. Reid a fallen Angel. As well be that as a rnil-sitter. There was quite a ' rresh ' in tho Macquarie yesterday after the rains of Sunday. Mr. A. G. Hales, in retn-ning thanks at the offiVal declaration of the poll for East Maiqi-iv'e yesleiJay, made a vevy effective speech. -. The-o is somc!h;ng very .significant about the number of votes recorded for Mr. Newman, the libor candidate, at Lucknow on Saturday last. Parkes' aphorism.. — A man who lives a do.ub'e l'Ee cannot expect to be single in purpose. , This is the plain matte r-'f-iact sort of i\faj; 'American 'journals report a hang ing — 'Birchall worked off — the murderer jevked.into eterniiy.' ; Of evo;y million people in the world j800 are bl;a.d' and the remainder, as a jrule, caooob see their own fauKs. . Appe.i\ an ces are frequently deceptive. Because Parl'ameat House presents a briUiah't'. exterior it doesn't follow that the mi rids iof those who occupy it are of the same calibre. The South. Australian Parliament are discHSS'og tbe advisabi'ifcy of legalising eight hours' work. So far fivc'Jof the g'-ab brigade who have, with ;iircd- bayopets,1 cuaigcd the electors in1 'tlie 'fight' for £300 a year, have dyqpped.iibeu1 £40. How many wi'l-therc be at the fioiph ? Almost the same number as tbe remnant of the historic Light Brigade we think ! Mr. McKinnoD,'' by h-'s victory for the Hnsl:ngs a*id Mannir^, has secured another scab for proicclion. Bravo ! The lioal returns for Carcear give the £S00 Plunib io Mr. Jeanc'et'e, instead of ,the nairie given .previously with Mr. Donoolly. . Most of the informal votes, if not all, recoi'ded iu West Miuquario on Satur day were intended for Mr. Crick. Jtis easier to make a nvstakc Lhan remedy it, as many of Parkes' sup porters have J'oimd out since the elections commenced. The Workshops and Factories Bill passed its t'liid reading in the House of Commons on Fridavinight. The Gentian Erapeior says he didn't write to the Qccen protesting against the geneial conduci. of the Piince of Wales. What if he didn't,'thafc does not palliate the known vices oE Tummy. The Russian ' bear is t'irca-cning another growl by arranging for the pur chase of another 'haif- a-mil!ion rifles in France. Sir Prescott G. Hewett, F.R.S.. President ' of the Royal College of Surgeons, is dead. According to the latest returns 25 , members of the late Parliament have been defeated. It's about time new blood was inlrodHced into our army of legislators. Sir Saul Samuel has cabled the Colonial Ticasurer fiat his timely refu tation of Dibbs' ? statement-' will tend to prevent any prejudicial effects. We can imagine Pavkcs lif.ing 'is 'oly 'ands in 'oivor, and, with a shake of his shaggy mane, ^claiming 'Saul! Saul! why persecuteth ithou me,' for that's what the cable means. Mr. G. B. Dibbs, leader of the Opposition, was nominated for the Murrumbidgee yesterday. The elections which took place yester day were for Mudgce and the Maclcay. Results are published elsewhere. McMillan, champ-oning the cause of freetradc at Coonia on Saturday, said Ills Government had Ivought the country out of financial difficulties. He didn't refer to his own difficulty, when he had to get hrlf a in;llion from the Savings' Bank, making tho country pay o per cent for -.'he accommodation. Dm.'og Sundav n;glit's storm a brick wall was I'own across a street in Surry Hi'ls b'ocking all .'vaffic. .Another strike among the London 'bus men h feared in couseqcienee of the directors of the companies dismissing the leader of the late strike. Probably goaded to distraction by ridicuic Siv.livan has now consented to light Slavin. He'll be pretty nigh goaded to give up tho ghost before Frank is done with the builying actor pugilist. Roberts' Hotel, at the intersection of George and Market sts., Sydney situated in the very heart of tho city, forms one of tho most imposing structures in the colony, while for internal elegance it stands unsurpassed. The well-appointed dining-room, ladies' drawing and gentle men's smoking rooms are all furnished in tho most luxurious style ; the cuisine is under the charge of a French eliefdc cuisine, while the attendance is excellent. The bath rooms are special features of attraction, and visitors to the capital should slay at Hoborls' Hotel. 