TEE BONE-IDLER AT ST. MARY'S .? PASS. All day a wind had blown strongly from tho east, scourging a desperate sea and flicking its wavering frontier to revolt beneath the cold exposure of an apathetic Bky. Frets of wliitcnoss ridged in leaps upon tho unrost of its grey, and a sallow Bcuni clung to tho breakers' rollo go. Stricken into froth, great blots nud drifts of this accumulated on tho const, burying rocks and lovolling indents. Theso leos of elemental anarchy, might thoy not emblem tho recur- rent cbrama of a tyrant and the mob, Heaven in- different? At night, whon thcBono-Idlerstrollcd down tosmoko "a pipe of Latakiii-pious conclusion of yet anothor day exempt from Adam's curse-theso crusts of bubble loomed ghostly against tho roughened darkness of the sea, and made it, by contrast of thoir pallor, black. The night was cool and dim and swoot, somo palo stars glimmered in the dawning of their vigil, tho moon swung dreaming in a cloudy hammock of soft mists, the wind foU weary, and tho torn sea sighed for pence, and swopt a sad refrain into the hollow arch of distance Across tho barway stolo a pungeut sweetness from tho scrub, liberating, by its scont, a train of memories nglovv, sungilt nnd crisp of broc/.y day. The lnoio lay sunken in its shadows, narrow ed to a dyke, tho black-art of night had swallowed up the rushy pen ; beyond, tho markings of tho landscapo faltered out,to whero.tho lulls weio craped1 in gloom. The moon leaned over from tho clouds, and from her bright curvo loosed a nimble s'milo that silvered whore it glanced. It showed the tido returning, and as tho water1 pushed against tho stubborn-yioldiug barrier to lc-ossort its right of custom, tho lustre íoycdit with a spnikling tremor. From Fabnouth headland to the sandbank opposito was now a volo of viscid snow, pnling tho dusk ; far up tho coast it spread, Iny piled in drifts upon the anglo of the bar and linod tho mere's incurving. As tho volume of tho inflow grow nud dolvod beneath the crust, a weird commotion rocked and swayed the airy terraces, on which the moon cast frcokiih lights. The tide, re- pulsed, iled back for aid, and tho tired wind lifted up its head and blow. Tho bodying swell carno heavily, with raurmus of resolvo, and undor-rodo tho foam, upheaving it in ridges, toppling domos to spent collapse, crumpling a solvago higher up the strand, and severing clots, which swam circling on tho inland son. ' Tho sovereign of tho stars was ilcot ing through a court of clouds, ond flashed capriciously tho signals of her favour, liko diamonds scattered on tho jealous murk. It was a sight BO strango, its power touched tho finor fibres of bousation-tho dark form of tho water choked and swaddled in a solid mist, the blind contention of two forces and their trembling, tho uncouth shadows of tho baffling owl-b'ght, mocked by levin glinfci, the silence toned by ocean's drowsy chant. Tho wind gained forco, tho water fury, and from overhead the light fell, flooding all the crater of Ulis turmoil. A wavo carno swelling from tho deep, gathering as it rolled, tossing tho air with spumo and training follows, till its lifting, curl- ing onsweep plunged into tho main of soothing lava, tearing a darkling breach, and flinging far ahead rent frays of whiteness and a hissing smoko. A riven wall uprose on oithor hand behind the passage of the brokon mass that Bvvaled into tho open spaco within tho bar, scattering flights of feathers in the shoals, careening on the hither bank, or scudding on to join tho Bnow-b'no circling ever farther up the mero. As tho Bteiidy inrush ploughed'a wyoning channel, hurrying its ramparts to Boa- smoltod fusion, tho wild wind drovo an islo-flotilla onward, and brought the tumult to a 'wildering head. Just thou the moon slipped off hor cloak and shono revealed, effulgent, mollow, lucont. -1 " Good business, very," muttered tho Bono-Idler, as ho watched tho transformation sccno. Tho doubts, the brokenness, the mystery all molted ns the crystal radianco flowed. The .bubbles of this great sea soufflé caught illumination and omitted diamond sparks of grcon and rod ; tho edgos of the floe, where sundorcd by tho cloavago of tho tido, woro traced in lightening glitter ; and snowballs, rolling to tho puffs of wind, flow Uko revolving prisms. Along the sil vored pathway of the moon, a turbid eddy set, flared to a whirl of burning tinsel, too intensely bright to watch, and distant scrollcrics ran out moou-gilt, but in tho shadow yawned black, cruel-looking holes of water, nud whero tho borders of tho drift thinned to a bluish ice- white tho opou spaces took a groeu-dovo tiut, picturing Bomo hugo design in wedgewood, shown by a strong electric b'ght. " Wonderful placo, Falmouth," soliloquised the smoker; "wo'vohada perfect autumn day, and its finalo is a Midsummer Right's Bream of tho North Polo !" Tapping his pipe upon a rock, ho strodo up the hill and burst into tbo parlour. " Como out, como out, and seo a- cummer snow- storm! Tho moon's spilt in the mero, its shcon's washod up upon the shore ! Surely 'twas such a sceno gave birth to Aplirodito! Como-;" buttho Young Person, who was engrossed in a book, refused by otto emphatic gesture Kow, the poor creature who was nominally lord and master of this dominant atom had early in their acquaintance realised that she was the Volitional Descendant of all the Modes (with all the Persians thrown in), and that with her it was in- deed If »ho will, «ho will, depend on't, And if abo wont, she won't, and there's an end on't. He thcreforo grumphed resignedly, and, securing a match, made for the door, but tho Young Porson lifted hor littlo flngor, and tho arras of a long chair oxtonded to lum so irrcsistiblo an invitation that ho' fell into thom. Presently ho saw tho reader wipo away a furtivo tear, and asked hopofnlly if she were re-reading tho morriago servira in a spirit of penitence. If so, ho added encouragingly, sovonty times sovon had failed to exhaust tho arithmetic of his forgiving disposition, and bosides, thank goodness, she had a great man's word for it (hut it was never too late to mend ! Turning humid eyes to him, abo said improssivoly, "I am reading o very romarkablo book. It s written by a woman. Jo« would make fun of i t, because you would uover understand it. It strikos tho flucst chords of a woman's natui o. I boliovo it is the cleverest book that ovorwas writtou." By and byo she went to bed, and, aftor sitting motionloss awhile-for fear of ambush-tho Bono-Idlor spread his length of arm and, with tho gloo of a Jack Homer, possessed himself of this literary plum. Tho Young Porson was perfectly right whon Bbo said ho would not understand it, but bo sat up till 1 o'clock trying to. ' Tho Bono-Idlor was not a horsey man, but nullor the teaching of Gilboit ho bad learned a thing or two, and now rather suffered from tho mlmont of au imagined proficioncy. To bounco over small obstruc- tions, turn cornors sharply, graze dangor, and hustlo the wiso ancient through bad bits of road pleased liis random valour, and ho became so vainglorious that ho was ready to volunteer to drive a chariot in a hippo drorao, but tho Young Person, holding on, would prophesy disaster. This morning, stinting for tho pass, as he pulled on his driving-gloves ho ran his oyo over tho harness, for is not that the action of a good horsemoster boforo ho climln tho whool ? " Is it nil right ?" asked his companion, suppressing an unwifoly wish to laugh. ? " As right as it eau bo, but this old tacklo would novor hold a horse of spirit, or stand an equine jolto. This old follow," pointing scornfully and ungratefully with tho whip, " hasn't many jokes loft in bim." Tho Young Person thought thii was lucky, but sho said, " "What ¡B the English for ' an equino joke,' horso-play ?" " No ; that is a distinctly human gambol. You may havo noticed Unit any littlo charoctoristic man is ashamed of ho disowns, affocliug to considor it tho nttributo of an ' interior ' animal, from which ho con dosconds to borrow it." " As how ?" " Monkoy tricks, ns stupid asa Ash, adog'B tempor, liko a bear wiUi a soro head, and so on." " And in return," said tho Young Person, " no doubt Mndomo la Maro chillos tbo antics of hor lilllo foal by Baying, ' You aro as silly ns a man ! ' Do you supposo that animals havo any fun among themselves at our expenso ? " " No," said tbo Bono-Idler clo cisivoly, " man is tho only laughing animal, and scientists aver that no other lias a sonso of humour." The sea snow of tho night boforo lind thawed to dingoy sud, with which tho mero was sluggishly a-swim, and tho tide, ashamed of its outburst was hastening to obliterate theso traeos. It was a languorous, lingering morning ; tho onrth, reluctant to assumo tho burden of the day, mot Sol's impress- ment with a ponsivo loth and dallied to proclaim renaissance of tho sovereign art. Tho still air wai hotly damp, and vapours crept about the blowsy meadows, all diBhovellod in toni mist. Warm sounds famt-rustlod in the li«_o, as if it voilod the breath of unscon life, and this interception of a blindness roused tho imagination. Tho homely habit of the giasH, a simplo green, bodaz/.lod with tho pearhige of tho dow, lawnod all tho bottoms to tho crook and served as blcaching-ground to spider laundry-maids, whoso fibny naperies wore spread betimes. A bolt of coarsor horbago, intorspcrsod with bushes phantomod by Uio fog-emitting thin and momontary glitters from thoir leaves-Bank back into the dank obbourity of wood«, huddling from the chilly monaco of the groy clouds crushed upon the tior bohind. At the cheeso-former's gate Gilbort swerved off tho road and stood. " Q-r-up," said tho Bone-Idler firmly, flourish ing tho whip. Gilbert leisurely described a figure in tho road (a sailor would havo said ho boxed tho com- posa), thou romemboring that fieiilcsse oblige, ho settled to tho collar with a sympathetic jogglo of tho hoad and tad, expressing resignation, "Alia ! Ho knows I'm behind him," said tho Bono Idler, triturfphantly. Tlio magpies woro bUBy in tho fields, running with affected limp and crowing jovially, breaking into chuckling whistlos of dirisiou, chatter- ing thoir discoveries, ond sco-sawing, hcod-oud-tnil, head-and-tnil, over ovory grub. At tho Dovil's Crook, a white cow-opicuro Avaa grazing into a morass, craning her eager nock to crop tho hlodea of tempting aucculonco ; aho vontured doopor, "soggmg" in tho miro, and hardly dragging out her logs, black-bootccl. A dog barked dully near-at-hand, and his hoarso ynps circled in tlio thickened atmosphoro as sounds ring rouud ¡mido a sholl. A tall troo, foalhorod Uko a cochin's log, was fluffed with mist and loomed gigantic, tho linos of fencing fleeted glim morsomo, tho hoiso's hoofbeats followed far bohind, and through tho opaquonesB of tlio moisturo-inufflod air quick colours carno a-fiash. Tlio sun Avas trying hard "to touch tho hoait of things, and sonsod tho shrouding tissues with a trembling, goldon glow. Thoy lifted hero and parted thoro, but always closed again, baffling his dispolling suasion. All at onco, tho light prevailed, rosying tho palo body of tho fog and breaking up its particles ; tho molting cloudlets curled togothcr, floating, blending, edged and rolled away. Tho preludo to tho Pass is Millor's nill, a quartz white road piercing tlio fresco of the oaks, whoso closo ranks draw togothor thin, dark folingo into dopths of delicious dimness. Their lugoso bark lins ruddy tonos of tan, and the neodlo-littered grpund completes tlio scinblanco of a pino-wood. Whitc- giun' seedlings grow botwoon-a sunimor-show of youiig tico vesture. AVhat gorgcousnossof garment in thoir rind ! Tho inuor skirt of mollow white, or buff, or duck's ogg groy, or almost bluo, ia vested with a mottlod i iist- rcel, yellow, bronze or claret, thon comos ¿ragged coaling of polo dovo, a sunny fawn or cloar browu-groy,'curled back to show ita lining of sionua or flesh-red. From tho brow of tina first eminence-whoro Gilbert paused to ponder on tho pull-lo-como-high across tho iosuo of tho gorgo, beyond a slopo of stiff shrub-cones (liko thoso in Noah's ark) opened au extended harmony-undulating maadB of forost-liill, in groups and links recoiling to St. Helen's. Some flodglinga of tho mist yet nostlod in the hollows, but tho sun was regnant, tho vibrations of his Avili upon tho' aerial balancement of verdituro toning to his mood tho goldon murk of ohvo and marking each suspended cadeneo with doop scores of purplo-groy. The donso mazo brandling tho noar hills was fuaturod, if intricate, .ita troo-lipa (in tho stylo of spring) tossed spirala of a sprightly groou, with primroso-buddùig of young loaf, flutes of Btoin glouccd in.'betwccu, aud ray-roulodcs ran-hghtly, quovoring attendant koys of colour, oro thoy sank, with crescent catches, into tho sweet droning of still shade In retiring grades the gladness of full colour faltered to a tender melancholy, its groen momorios swooning in a mist of ¡tinted light te the groy-olivo of obiivion. Limpid with a Turuerobquo transparencyf seen through a dull, still sonso of yollow, each suc- cessive facing of tho rango ' (profiled on ita suivant), was loss articulate, a fainter tracery, was doopor drenched in distanco, amoothor to tho oyo, ita covings over bluor. This drowsy swolo of gumland, rising ond falling to tlio horizon in a restful monótono of colouring, spaco 'aud BÜOUCO, was tho very hush, tho froo, tlio glorious, tlio murky, scouted bush in all its appiohonsivo charm. Onco seized of its ulluro mont, no country is moro rosistlossly nostalgic tlmu Australia Felix, unless perhaps tho Karoo to tho African. The outlook boro was instinct with the mellow rawness of bush atmosphere-au undertone of rod, perceived through tho medium of a fino-graiuod hazo, and,,glowing tlio moBt neutral ohjoct with a warmth subluininous. Tho Australian artist has ovor in his path this Dragon Rougo ! As Gilbert,' affroutod by the shadow of tho whip, rosumodhis fly-walk up tho pauo of hill, tho Young Person, heaving a sigh of pleasure said : " There aro lovoly bits of nature in that book I was reading lost night. I Avoudor what the authoress would say to ÜIÍB ! " " That it was wanting in human interest," replied tho Bono-Idler, dnly. " AVhat aro woods to a woman or fields to a flirt ?" " Mtse-en-sccnc, to bo sure !" Aa tho.whoelwoy traced its score along tho moira tain-sido (bi-socting, ns it woro, its steepness), now in the .Btrong, freo sunlight of an outwaid CUITO, now through the shadow of an inbont, tho timhor on tho wall above ascended with the gaining hoight, groat ironbarks, footsot in tlio rock, bolnncod high boyoud tho blockwoods and tho vivid graco of nntivo-poar, tho fptteriug of young peppermint, swung from whips of crimson, and the drooping splays of. cheny. Tho rent rock glistened moistly, harbouring small ferus, the viscid pitchor-plant, taporiug jointe of grass' and crusts of moss. Clustered daisies, of a tonic yellow, flung down thoir awootness, and tiny cloves of bloom, sot Uko turquoiso in tho coliot of its calyx, gommed tho adgoa of brown stone í " By the byo, what ia the name of your pot book P -1 have it.' ' Hot or Cold, or if it isn't wroug it can't he right!'" " On tlio strength of that clumsy littlo ancor, I supposo you think you know all about it f " "I don't know whothor tho talo'a us dceoUili aa tho title-page, but-" " S-8-ah ! Now I'm going to toll it to you," said tho Young Porson, Bottling hersolf comfortably against his shoulder; a it's all about a poor young tiling who IOBOS hor husband-" ' " A/ory cal doss !" murmured tho listener. " -and his cousin, who is tho imago of bim, wants to marry her. She ia a widow, you seo-" "First oxporionco?" " -sho adoros him, too, but littlo traits of tlio rosom blanco revivo her grief and shock hor inexpressibly. Howuvor, after lots of dreadful worry, becauso sho can't moko up hor mind that it is right for hor te bo happy' again,'t it io all settled so nicoly and thoy aro both fio happy, and thoo, just at tho hut, she gets frightened about hor Hitit husband, and won't !" " Thought a doad dog-in-tho-mongorbolter than a \-- and a vory propor widowly sontimont too. AVidows aro about to bo the vogtio in society, and thoroforo in'novols. Girls aro hopelessly out of it, and young matrons aro bogiiming to scare, bocauso no follow can koop up with thoir paco. T prodfet tho apotheosis, during lifo, of tho wily widow." "Then you know Avhat to do, GoorgoP" said tho Young Person softly. Tho corrugations of tho hill woro ilooply soomed by winter sterms,/nnd rafted with tho havoo of thoir rush. Flaahing in loops, liko silvorfish, down ono of these carno water. -Some choritablo soul hod Bet a hollow steno, fed hy a trough of lvork, and boro good Gilbert laid his leathor Up and drank to Ula brio of tho brook. Tho mouth of tlio dofllo was moraincd sand and drift mid bouldara, its far sido Bçarrod with landslips ¡ but now it closed and nnrrowod to a dark, doop strait, from which, through tenaces of umhiago, roso tho earnest cudouco of tho rivor. " A¡rre> ?" said tlio Bono-Idlor. " AVoll, that is tho outline of it, but it ia told in tho most charming way, undia full of pathos ondox quisilo fooling." "A Bort of hands-off-touchingncss, oh? AVoll, I'm not takon with your two young egotists, whom wo'II call Domio and Semi, for thoy ino half-good, half- bad, .half-sane, half-mad. Thoy oro pic- turesquely crank. Lifo to thom incanB nothing moro Hum to wear a cranz of passion flowors and disport thoinsolves in a lunar rainbow ! Thoy blow hot and thoy blow cold, till thoir roador is agucd. Domio su flora from St. A/ilua'n danoo of tho mind, and is a hypochondriac of tlio emotions. Soiui is tho victim of hor . olaatic, night- cool chock,' mid both aro puppets jerked by passion." * " Oh, but-" "Oh, but, toko your Domio in dotail-a groat, golden, uncanny thing, with a diving gozo ; sho dnuvs ragged, teinpostuoua broutha; sho basa ratho arm and throat, whatov cr that is, and a stormy bosom (quory, hiccoughs of tho soul ?), abo laughs liko a «port, sho tokos viliiating strides, ond whon afflicted «bo sobs and writhes on tho floor till tlio boards vibrato ! Thoy meet hiiBtlodly, thoii mouths cling into a kiss, sho brnnthos difficultly, and scorns te seo through tho top of her head his sot face ! Sometimes ho calls her 'you dear thing,' somotimos 'my tigress,' tho hitter presumably whon La Bullo Barbare bites lum ! She is a red-haired jumhlo of voluptuous caprice, super- stition, and arrogant egotism. Tlio lindross of hor mind is only equalled hy the airiness of a toilette in which her bright smooth flosh is described as glowing through tlio smoky folds of a groy gou/o gown, Uko pleasure revelling itself through dronms ! " " It does sound silly ; but I lovod reading it, and yon will admit that it ia brilliant." "Yes ; it lina the gutter of the vory best paste. I do notdony ita clovornoaa ; but I oak, is it wholoaomo ?" " It has ovidontly disagreed with yon," hn¡A tho Young Person portly. " For my part, I wish thoro were a soquel." " It woidd ho that in six months sho would ask him to marry hor ! Tho authoress inscribos on hor titlo pngo, ' AVaiiling ia-what ?' As an honoat quill dnvor, aa tho father of a-pshaw aa tho wife of one husband-no ; I don't mean that oithor. Well anyway, lean toll her tho want ia tho doconoy of â 'I littlo common sonso, for in the wholo thing thoro isn't as much as would float on a fish-scale !" "Whilo tho Bono-Idlor broke a lanco upon this cachet of tho public taste thoy had .drawn near tho | hoadiug of the pass, tho part most boautifnl. Tho road had described an S, and thoy wore halted in its tail loop. Far, far below lay Falmouth, and nn opon fan of placid soo, vvhito- wnterocl liko palo moire, its islets spangled by tho dnzr.lUg surf. Tho glou was drawn in tree Blrokcs, tho hydra-heads of rank luxu- riance jostling in a full-fledged foliage. 0ut of viewless depuis ascended frithy odours from the donso and soddou vogotntion. Tho pointed sassafras,' a nativo willow, ouormous wattles, whoso tops, light starved, woio scanty as the ghost of loaves, distorted blackwoods struggling for a placo, bunched croisos of tho dogwood, profuso troo-forn and bowers of in- distinguishable leaf, were varied by the coral sprays of doadwood, coated with white lichen. On tho vertex 'of tho hoight opposed wa» Germantown, it* hcAison biddon by a shoulder of tho tier, but man s vicinity botrayod by tho bare tract of fossil-forest. Whon lifo is lot with sap, wo soo tho posturing of trees, tho fixture of tho attitude it strikes, grotesquo or vvoird, this statuary of tho woods, Uio oyo-clang of great rocks marked whero tho scarp no longor offered foothold ; and boro a cascado gushed from out a ferny crevice of red Boil, its pro- gress seen, till, turning in tho h'ght, it sank within tho rill-liko subsidence of frees. Tho river, coming underground, omorgos from this rounded heading of tho gorgo, boldiid which lies St. Nary's-road ; and hore tho Young Person set their picnio camp, whoro tho breezes blowing from tho sea brought minglod scouts, nlid whoro tho sido ways vista of tho iuclincd trco-plnucs descending in perspective showed goldou grovos of sorricd hoads soomiug to tilt agniuBt Uio rayB of sun, but baffled by tho atmospheric blue. As tho Bouo-Idlor tethered Gilbert to a treo tho Young Porson hospitably spread his hay. "Toko tito bit out of li» mouth." But Gilbert was already oating. "My dear," said tho Bono-Idlor, in a mild voico, " it appoars that ho has never had it in ! " Tho Young Person sat down on a Btump, and, 'midst poola and tears of laughter, cried, " And it's tho first of April, and tho poor old follow hasn't a joko loft in him, and ho know who was bohind him, and animals have no sonso of humour. Ha, ha, ha ! " THE BONE-rDLEH. 