DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL N OTES. (BY ToUcnsTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 110. THEATRE ROYAL. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT. The distinguished and accomplished artiste LADY DON Will commence on engagement, for a few nights only, on MONDAY, MAY 29, 1865, Supported by Miss Emma Howson, liliss Clelia Howson, Miss Shepparde, Miss Rogers. Mrs Crosby, Mr Frank Howson, Mr S. H. Rogers, Mr Bartlett, Mr James Hesker, Mr Lloyd, Mr Hill, Mr Sala mon, And a full company. The Marian Willis Dramatic Company are at present appearing with success in the provinces. J. F. Sheridan and Company with ' Bridget O'Brien, Esq.' due at the Laun ceston Academy of Music on Monday next. A panorama, ' The Mirror of the World,' will be presented in Launceston shortly. Miss Janet Achurch and dramatic com pany commence a season at the Launceston Academy of Music on the 3rd October. Walter Carla writes under date Wednes day:-Friend " Touchstone," - Returned from my Lefroy trip with Miss Marian Willis, I piloted that pleasing little lady there for two nights, and business being so good we remained there two nights extra, making in all four performances. The pieces produced were " Erma the Elf," "East Lynne," "Lady Audley's Secret," and " Lancashire Lass." The people around there were delighted with one and all. Miss Willis and Company visited the mines, and were treated very kindly; Mr W. Stubbs doing all he could to entertain them. Visited George Town on Monday,add travelled through pouring rain so as to keep faith with the public. We were rewarded with a good house and very appreciative audience. In this district Miss Willis had hosts of admirers, and made many friends, and should she ever wish to return, I know there is a hearty welcome awaiting herself and company. I shall in all probability arrange with her now to start for the N.W. Coast and Zeehan. If so, there is a treat in store for my coast friends, for she will " make hearts beat, faces smile, and bring tears from the jolliest of those who have heartily laughed at me on my last trip, as ' good old Mary Anne.' "-CARLn. The following are the attractions at present offered at the various Melbourne and Sydney theatres:-Melbourne-lRoyal, 'A Celebrated Case '; Princess Theatre, London Gaiety Company; Bijou Theatre, 'Devotion'; Opera House, J. L. Sullivan and Dramatic Company. Iydney--Royal, ' The Old Guard'; Her Majesty's, ' Merry Wives of Windsor'; Criterion, ' Dr. Bill'; Garrick, ' The Idler.' ' Devotion,"a drama by 'Dot' Boucicault will be produced at the Melbourne Bijou Theatre this evening. Mr A. Garner having dissolved partner ship with Mr J. C. Williamson, left for England by the Orizaba last month. Mr Williamson is now the sole representative of the once powerful triumvirate. Thus the Age of Monday on John L. Sullivan's initial appearance at the Mel bourne Opera House on Saturday evening: ' Champion boxers run in the same cate gory with the strongest man in the world, the heaviest man in the world, giants and monstrosities of various kinds, and they have a field of their own for the exhibition of their peculiar developments. It would be well to let them stay there. They have nothing in common with the drama except that the public pay to go in, so it could not be expected that an attempt to amalga. mate the two would be successful. There could be no doubt that the drama was written solely to show off the capabilities of Mr J. L. Sullivan, so it was to be expected that at least the exhibition of fighting would be first class. Here how ever, disappointment awaited the audience, which was willing to make allowance for Mr Sullivan's poor representation of the village blacksmith. Such trifles as putting his sledge hammer in the fireand knocking down his anvil were easily passed over in the hope that he would make amends in the boxing contest. That was the feature of the play in which he was confidently looked to for an exposition which would be worthy of his great name in the world of pugilism. Evenin this there was disappoint ment,however,for Mr Sullivan was suffering from the nervousness incidental to the novelty of his position,or else he purposely refrained from giving an exhibition of that science in boxing of which he is supposed to be the master, and which so many had come to see. The exhibition was not superior to that which may be seen any day in our own athletic halls.' 'Formosa' proved such i complete failure at Drury Lane, London, that ' Drink,' with Charles Warner as Coupeau, was put on to replace it. As soon as this piece is fairly set going, ' The Sailor's Knot' will be got under way. The programme at Toolo's Theatre has been further strengthened by a panto mimic verson of ' Ici En Parle Frangais,' in which ' good old Johnny' plays Sprig gins with a white face, a l" 'Enfant Prodigue.' The fun is possibly a wee bit long drawn out-a common fault, by the way, of Mr Toole's-but the idea itself is good. 'Ibsen's Ghost' crowds the house to excess every night from ten to eleven. Mr Henry Brodribb Irvine, eldest son of the tragedian, will make his I rofessional dcbut in the revival of 'School,' which is now being busily rehearsed at the Garrick Theatre. M1r Gilbert Hare (s u of John Hare) and Sydney Brough (son of Lionel Brough) are also in the cast. Miss Kate torke aspires to succeed Mrs lancroft as Naomi Tighe, and Hare himself will of course re-create Beau Farintosh. Mr Irving, as dit, will be entrusted with the important part of Jack Poyntz, originally played by Mr Bancroft. A certain actor was once playing in a snelo-drama the role of a brigand confined in prison, who files off his fetters with a tool supplied him by an accomplish, climbs to the top of a wall, gets one leg over, and is then shot by three soldiers, who rush in just as escape seems certain. The actor brought the business up to the usual climax, when the guns all missed fire. The soldiets were supplied with fresh weapons at the wings, but, as the properly man had forgotten to load them, naturally enough no explosion followed. The brigand, in a state of disgust, at once fell heavily from the wall, and, paying no attention to the soldiers, rolled forward to the footlights, gasped a little and exclaimed, " Good heavens i I havOe swallowed the file i" gave several kicks and expired. Minse Lucy Harwood, who visited Laun ceston with Mr Wybert Reeve's Dramatie Company, has been specially engaged by Miss Morreys in London, to play Mrs Lindon, in ' A Doll's House.' Mr B. S. Smythe, the well-known manager, has engaged M. Padersuski, the eminent Russian pianist, for an Australian tour. The Australian songstress (writes the 8ydn~y Mornitng Herald's London corres pondent) who,under the name of "Madame Melba," is already reaping fortune and honour in the Old World is not the onl1 daughter of your Greater Britain who is destined to take a prominent place among the lovers of melody. Miss Mildred Birch, a charming young brunette, already favourably known to the musical world of Lydney, has come to this city in search of the further development and training of her beautiful and sympathetic voice, a meszo.soprano of remarkable purity and sweetness of a couple of octaves,every note of which is perfect, constitutinguan instru ment of a musical quality of tone altogether exceptional. The young Austra lian artiste has placed herself under the care of the talented vocal trainer Madame. IMackenzie, who confidentially anticipates a brilliant future for her pretty and grace Sblack opera troupe,all the members of which are niggers, has been performing at Hamburg. The prima donna, Maria Selika, is known as' the black.patti.' There are fifty artists in the troupe, p11 genuine blacks. An English journal remarks: SIn L'Africaine the 'black Patti' wopld be all there, but what about La Dame lenche or the blo?nd Tirania of Mignon I' 