IRoveHst. -' [NOW first published.] Tie Yerdict Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND By Harold JIT, Mackenzie, Author of 'The Squatter's Daughter.' CHAPTER I. A WAKEFUL NIGIIT. Tho sun had sunk to rest hours ago, lending pcaco and calmness to the scene. Although tlio hands of tho clock on tho mantel-shelf pointed to tho small hours, littlo or 110 sleep as yet lmd come to tho eyes of Sybil Prescott. Tho room was furnished in that light and niry stylo so often Boon in tropical climates. On tho floor, which once had boasted of varnish but now dulled by long usage ftnd fierce noon-doy suns, wore scattered rugs of 'opossum and wallaby. . Tn tho centre of tho apartment stood a largo bed, so situated as to catch every particlo of broozo which on this calm uud sultry night was wafted through tho room in scarce sufficient force to have extinguished a lucit'er. Unuer the canopy of a mosquito cur tain, despite the caroful hunt of a black attondaut to rid Sybil of his tormentors, .buzzed and pinged as murderous a Bet of demons as Queensland can boast. Lying thus with now and thon a violent ?dart at a more than usually audacious ?member of tho tribo, which invariably ?ended in missing tho fair ono (for wo .-nro told that it is only tho female that ?bites) bIio would Boar merrily upwards, ^serenading as sho flow to propare for a fresh onset. Mosquitoes aro bad enough at all times, but whon to this is added a mind ?o'erwrought with thoughts distracting — try to banish them as one may— Buroly the cup of woo is filled to its utmost. This was Sybil's case, whon for the hundredth timo ho tossed and turned on his weary pillows with tho over ominoUB hum of mosquitoes ringing in his ears. ' ' Confound tho thing I I can Btand it lio longer !' he exclaimed, dashing tho curtains asido and reaching out for a cigarette. Having lit the consoling roll of rico -paper and tobacco, ho thrust his feet into a capacious pair of Chinese slippers and sauntered on to tho verandah. Here comfortably onsconced in a long cane lounge ho seoincd more at case as he watched tho blue rincs nf imnln Mirlmn upwards in tho air. Tho stars woro out in great clusturs of diamonds ; shining with that ? intenso brilliancy and purity which alone can bo viewed in hot lutitudos. Novor had tho puffing of the fragrant wood soomed to bring Buch consolation to Sybil. His mind was soro troublod and needed some thing whereby roliof, if only temporary, might bo afforded, aud this he was seek ing from tho goddess Nicotino. Aud has she not dono much to soothe the aching brain of man 1 Have wo not heard of oases where brave moil, though death wore nigh, and each moment might prove tho last, calmly awaiting it with pipe in mouth ? Whilst^ Sybil is contemplating the heavens* it will bo a favorable oppor tunity to inquire what has brought him to this rising colony of Northorn Aus tralia. That ho was 'not an Australian by birth would havo almost convincod an observor »t first glance. His looks, manner und everything else connected with liim had ?n unniistakablo English appearance, »nd surrounded as lio was on tho planta tion with avariod assortment of humanity, including South Sea Island' Savages, Malays, and tho roughest species of the Queensland baok-woodsman, who diffors but' little from tho rest, except that his ?kin may be a fo -v degrcos less swarthy, made him stand out conspicuously in their midst. Sybil had boen roared at one of tho good old English publio. schools, and not a great many yoars from tho timo of the reador's introduction ho was distinguish ine hiiueolf moro, porlians. in the cricket and football fields thau iu tho pursuit of Greulc Iambics or Latin Prose. Tlio result, whatever eUo it might havo been had ho shone in tho latter respect, wnB that most desirable of all qualities, a sound mind in ,V sound body. To edu cate \the' mind at tlio oxpenso of tho jaaiclet'ii bad at all timeB, but to ex pond a Bullicioncy ot forco on both ill ordor to attain a mens sarni in corporesano is what ovory right thinking porson should desiro. Tho muscular training which Sybil had undergono in his youth liact given to his body that flexibility and onergetio liiovo mont enabling liiin to undergo long days of fatiguo under !a-t Buns which to a lees hardened pliyairj iTu in iyh t have told sorely upon him. Having quitted school, ho passed two or threo years under tho guidanco of noveral ' army-crammors,' who failed to drivo tho required subjects into his head in ordor to qualify him for commission in the service. Wlicthor it was that Sybil's skull was thicker than the general run of young mon'i, or that tho cramming system wa3 not ad ministered in proper form, is a problem still requiring solution. Tho sporting parson with whom ho had last tukon up his residence was chiefly remarkablo for a knowledge of horsollesh moro than any other subject. Sybil would often hold long discussions with him on the pointa of a new equine purchase to tho exclusion of all such tiring arguments as to whether or no any two sides of a triangle aro together groatortlian the third. And bo tlio time passed pleasantly enough in tho quaint old Sussex village, which in tho small hours of tho morning would ofton ring with tho shouts of tho obstreperous young uiooas, awaiting from their slumbers the hoary-headed parishoners who brought down on tho worthy rector's head anything but bles sings. When Sybil had appeared for tho fourth timo at 13urlington Houso boforo that array of grim-visagod examiners which have mado many a daring young soldier quako in his shoc3 at tho thoughts of being ' plucked,' ho know within his own mind that tho papors sent in wero not up to tho mark. He was right in his conjectures, and onco moro was hopelessly spun. ' It's no use, sir,' were tho words to his fathor after this, his liiial attempt; ' I'll have to chuck it up and go out io Australia.' This sudclon dotoriiiination in order, as it wero, to seek some consolation for hav ing failed to become a defondor of his country mot with but scant approval from Colonol 1'rescott. Ho was indig nant and displeased to think that his only Bon could not havo followed in tho footsteps which ho himself had won so much favor in. 'Go to Australia, if you've set your heart upon doing so,' ho had said ; ' but, remember, this is tho last thing I could havo wished. I had hoped that beforo my death to havo seen you winning honor in something more noble (hail perhaps driv ing a team of bullocks. However, whon a man has been given a receptacle for brains it can only bo regretted that tho necessary article was not supplied. Colonel Prescott wa3 brut'jvc in man ner, and at times when his reason was governed by passion a vory dangerous person to oncounter. In a mood irritable and displeased with tilings in general, chiefly on account of his son's failure for tho army, ho had bidden Sybil farewell on his journoy to Queensland. With this brief outline of Sybil's former life, once more wo return to tho verandah from which ho looked on tho silvery night. Tho sceno was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it seemed that day light had been prolonged, so clear and so bright was it. Tho houso looked down upon tho long sloping banks of garden which reached to tho water's edge, wlioro flashed and sparkled under the moon's white beams tlio sluggish rivor. The house itself was of that delight fully rambling character peculiar to houses wliorein tho owner, deeming that internal comfort is preferable tj external Bhow, had illustrated his good senso. The rooms it contained wero all spacious and airy, which oponed out by means of French lights on to a broad verandah running tho wholo length of tho houso. Bath-rooniB, perhaps tho most necessary of all, woro niado quito a study of in this edifice with their showers, plunges, and cool loungos for reclining in after tho ablutions. Closo beBide and convenient for supply ing tho inmates with an abuudancy of water ran a clear mountain stream, which' even in the hottest weathor felt cool and refreshing fo tho body. Who that has over passed weary days where tho skin seems parched and shrivelled for the want of tone does not know what this bath in a land of a fierce Bun means 1 It relaxed energy once more to its normal sphere. To say that one's breakfast in tho laud where sugar grows would not roadily bo forgouo in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced tho south, which was tho best situation for getting the benefit of the much longod-for sea-breeze which gonorally sprang up after sun down ; and then with what sweet-smelling aromatic perfumes would the air bo ladon, oxlialod from stepnanotis and magnolia which grew abundantly in the garden. Thon, glioBt-liko in their mournful rustling noise, with white feathery tops Bhooting upwards straight as arrows against tho deop blue sky, would wave and bond with overy sigh of the wind tho bamboo canos which liued the rivor bank. On tho opposite side by day, stretching league upon league through trucklesB jungle as yet undisturbed by tlio hand of man, tho oyo could roam at will over foilago from the darkest olive green to tho clearest emerald— changing, too, with as many varying tints aB the small lizards which woro thero in thousands, basking in a noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and cast its glow heavenwards tlio camp firo of the untutored Queensland Bavago who, crouch ing lilco some demon from tho nether world with shrunken limbs und unkempt locks mado tho only sorry spectacle in an otherwise porfoct landscape. In strango contrast to all this wild uncultivated land was tho appcaranco of tho Rappoo Plantation, where unceasing toil by busy hands from early morn till tho sun had Bet was carried on. Tho well-kept fiolds of sugar-cane, with its arrowing tops donoting that it was ready and over-ripo for crushing. Tho un ceasing whirr of machinery in the giant mill as it ground and crushed through tho Bunny day tlio long.Jliscious canes into a pulpy mass, oxtractirii*' ail tho thick croamy juico which ran iu sluggiah' stroams from the rollers. Tho dusky South Sea savagos, with grinning faces, kneo-deop in tho immense tanks shovelling out tho thick molaBses. AH this spoko of enterprise and activity on tho part of the owners, who lived iu far-away Melbourne. \ Sybil had chosen to mako his homo hero with a view somo day of managing tho estato which ho how Hold an interest in. Ho was young, not' moro than twonty-five years of ugo. Ilis personal appearance wns taking, though in the ?trict oenBO of tho term he was liot liaiid some. His good-natured smile, which was ovorroady to part his lips, andcloar, dark colored eyes established confidcnco in him at onco, consequently with but few exceptions ho was a groat favorito on the plantation. ' He's got tho whip hand of iin, has ho ?' ho muttored to himsolf, as rising from the loungu ho tossed away tho fourth cigarctto end and pascd tlio vorandah as ono troubled. He was repeating to himself somo words of Maurico Liscombo's, manager of Rap poe, spoken to him that day. That any body should havo darod to try and exerciso a power of this kind, nay, moro, a threat held out to him, in ordor that ho should appear oraven in thoeyes of othors, was more than ho could stand. Ho feared no one, aud, least of all, his con science, which was clear and froo from tho awful charge which ho know Lis combo intondod bringing against him should ho not at onco hush it up with largo sums of monoy. 'll-t him do his worst; I am prepared, x'horo must bo an end sooner or later to this.' Ho waB standing at the farther end of the verandah speaking to himself and bo absorbod with his own thoughts that tho footsteps npproaching wore unheeded. Suddenly, as if. by instinct, he turned quietly on his heol and confronted Maurico Liscombo. For a second neither spoke, but stood gazing at each othor, with tho palo moon boams playing on their countenances. At length, Mauri™ Liscombo, a man short of stature, with a coarse-looking face and an expression that was not wont to inspire confidence, brcko tho silence. 'So, Mr. Prescott, you choose tbroo o'clock in tho morning for taking exerciso besides awakening people fromthelrsleep. To this Sybil made no reply, fearing possibly that had ho given his tonguo roin something moro than a moro bandy ing of words might have resulted. Turn ing his back on tho manager, ho calmly puffod away at his cigarette. 'Ai: I' exclaimed Liscombe, 'so you still intond to ignoro mo? So be it. Ro inombor tlioconditions upon which I havo based my proposal thi3 afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know tho consequences. A month from this date, and unless they aro agreed to, you shall bo known to tlio world as tho mur derer of Gerald Dugdalo.' For an instant the desiro to strike this man, as he would a dog, camo ovor him, but as suddenly restrained himsolf and gazing fearlessly on Liscombo uttered in words both calm and clear : 'That God should havo deemed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat which you holdout to mo, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, docs not frighten ino. I say, do your worst. Now I havo finished. Words with you aro useless.' Beforo tho manager had timo to make reply Sybil liad vanished, leaving him to his own reflections. In another hour or two tho great hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by slirill-tongued birds of brilliant colors, tho low croaking sounds of reptiles which camo from their retreats to bask in its genial rayB, and all tho thousand noiseB which are ovor present in this steamy Bugar land. Tho month was July, and cool onougli compared to blazing Decem ber, which, indeed, is a voritablo vapor bath in Queensland. The morning-bell had sounded, awakon ing tho hands from their slumbers to begin another day of toil and weariness under a vertical sun. Such a hot sun, tho liko of which is scarcely realizable by those who have not stood for hours under its scorching rays within tho donso cano brako whither no breeze to refresh the body finds its way. For hours toil tho coolies, ridding tho ground of noxious weeds which seem to grow in a night in this natural forcing-house. Thon afar off aro seen the patient plough liorBos tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after tho lato rains, in order to prepare tho ground for next year's crop. Slowly and with mea sured tread, groaning and tugging at their chains, are seen teams of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firowood to foed the ever- ready jaws of the liugo furnaces, whilst tho stalwart 'driver walks slowly beside them with inany a curse on their heads and many a cut from liis double- thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on without cessation until tho crop is oil. No sooner are the day toilers released than a gang for night wont Buccoeas tnem. xno nuge rollers aro silent for a time and give way to the whirling centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with tho saccharine mattor which is to be converted into sugar. It is all lifo and energy, the work of a sugar plantation. Races from all countries mingle to gether. The shrewd Scotch engineer, who has charge of the machinery ; the heathon Chinaman, who wields an axe to prepare fresh sugar land by felling tho ]unglo ; tho treacherous Malay, who skulks and would like to run a knifo through anyono who offends his dignity wero it not that tho laws of Queensland are not thoso of his own peninsula and ho fears the consequences. Then come all tho overseors, rouBe-abouts,mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading Btoamora with the precious bags of Bugar thut will eventually find their way to tho Molbourno and Sydney mar kets, others carting ' megass' to the mill furnaces which has been drying undor the sun for days past. Dusky and well-proportioned women with babes slung at their backs move about arrayod in cheap, bright garments purchasod at a neighboring store, load ing drays with fuel. For the women of tho South Soas know hard work equally with tho mon weeding und stripping the cane, laughing with tho ' bright sunshine playing oil their pearly teeth, which might cauBO a sigh of envy from many a less favored woman of fairer hue, and ovor all tlio brilliant sunraya gleaming on wliitonod roofs and throwing shadows across tho purplo-hued mountains which frown liko mighty fortresses that havo been scorched and wind-swept for cen turies paBt. CHAPTER II. MAU1UCE LISCOMIiii's DELI1UUSI. — .Tlio_words which had beon uttored the previous 'ovoning by Maurico Liscoinbe Btill rang in ^Sybil's ears throughout tho wholo of tho \iext live-long day, as though a hot iron li.id beon seared across his brain. Usually ' .joyous when em ployed iu his day's work, singing aud light-hearted as tho veriest school-boy re leased from his studies;, ho was on the illuming after this night of mental tor turo sad and absent in manner. I'ho day waB an unusually busy one. The truck loads of cano , 'tacked high in uir camo pouring iu toSfced the tollers, which ground away With a crackling ' ? V noiso, slowly but surely extracting every particlo of juice from tho long, swcot : sticks. Tlio lino of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, pulled up, each in turn, to recoivo a load of ! ' megass,' thenco to bo carted away and i sproad out in tho sun, where, as children i in othor countries might play in tho hay- : fiolds, so would tho littlo black savages — 1 tho offspring of Kanaka womeH — delight in rolling and tossing it in each othor'u faces. In the far distance glimmered and ehono with almost aupernatural brilliancy tho mighty mountains, on which could bo traced tumbling water-falls, sparkling and dancing liko millions of crystals undor tho vigorous sunrays. Tlio sceno was all color, life and movo ment. Sybil of an ovening would delight to join in a friendly game of cards with tho overseers, whore hid cheery manner and good-natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After tho day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombo, ho was in no ready frame of mind for the light-hearted throng which was awaiting his coming at the barracks. Ho morely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that he would not put in an appoarauco that evening. ' Why, what's up, old boy, with you?' quoriod Fred Roycroft, a bright, good looking young fellow, employed on tho place as storekeeper. 'Yes,' added Alex Sugden, 'youlook as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny.' ' She's thrown him over,' said Arthur Richards in a playful tono. At any other time Sybil would have had quick repartee at his command to parry thoso thrusts with, but this oven ing ho was distrait, and found but little to amuse him. The society of his fellow-creatures for once proved irk somo. Havo wo not all felt bo at times? When some cloud lowers over tho sun shine of our path, would wo not wish to be away, far away and alono to think it over and try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble ? ' Well, hire wo are, boys,' eaid Roy croft, placing glasses on tho table with a whisky bottle beside tlieni. ' Let us chaBo away dull care and make our old friend smile again. Never shall I forget him shouting to mo the evening that alligator was bohind me in the river. If ever a man swam for his life I did on that occasion.' 'By George, yes!' said Sugden, 'you had a narrow squeak that timo, and can thank Prescott for being alivo now. ' Sybil, who was leaning over tho table flicking the duBt from his boots, poo poohed the idea as was his wout when any special act of h is doing was brought for ward. ' Nonsense, boys,' he answered; 'it was all duo to Roycroft's swimming. Cor tainly, I drew his attention to tlio alli gator, aud can truly say- ho cut to land like a torpedo boat.' 'Gi'omosomo whisky, and hang tho cursed crocodiles,' bawled Richards, holding his glass at arm's length, ' I'll tako good care they don't get mc for a meal.' Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing loudor as the glcasscs were drained, when one of them suddenly exclaimed : ' Who tho devil can this be galloping for his life V at tho same timo looking in tho direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of Bunset. ' Well, Jim, what'B wrong with you 1' shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his maro up in front of the houso a few seconds later. 'Mutter? Nothing much with mc. The boss though'a como to grief. On tho road home he got slung off, and Bprained an anklo. He's as tight as they make'om. Ho told mo to rido liko blazes for a bandage, and I'm horo accord ingly.' Tho quartette listoned in silenco to Singleton's account of tho accident, though it could hardly be said that any ono of them showed tho slightest sign of pity for Maurice Liscombe. 'Curse him I' was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah. ' Now look sharp with tho bandagos I' said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to tho store. Soon all tho necessary articles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil resided with Maurico Liscombe, a distance of less than half a milo from the barrackB. As thoy rodo along the river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they can get au opportunity of showing what mettle their stoeds are made of. On entering the houso they found the manager of Rappoo stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring . into space, and now and then an effort to articulato something which was perfectly unintelligiblo to them. ' A knife at once,' said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himself up as an authority whenever anything in tho doctoring line cropped up. ' I must cut that boot off, first thing.' So, Buiting the action to the word, he ripped tho seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. Liscombe, then sinking back, was soon wrappod in heavy Bleep. To givo Roycroft his due, although far from having any great knowledge or skill as a surgeon, he was what might have been tormcd a handy man when occasion demanded. He could bind or Btitch wounds, could propare and put on a poultice with all the skill of a profes sional nurse, and, on more than one oc casion had been known to extraot teeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted he was not prepared to say. ' Seoms a naBty vvrenoh, and likely to lay him up for a time,' said Royoroft, as lie bathed tho ankle with ammonia and wator. The two were standing on either side of tlie manager, who lay as one inanimate, Bave for the labored breathing and con vulsive twitching of his lips, caused by heavy drinking. ' That beast can nover go to the town ship without coming back tight. Some night he'll got his neck broke, and it won't bo much loss either. I know ono man on tho place as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up.' Thoso remarks were uttored by Single ton, who was oxprossivo in his phrase ology, if not having due rogard for Quoon's English. ' Who's that?' queried Roycroft, wind ing yards upon yards of soft linen round the swollen ankle. 'Now, then, can't you guess, instead of iiying to play the goat? You know jolly well tho man I mean.' Roycroft often assumed this kind ot feigned iguoranco on certain subjects, , being what one might have termed rather . . ' ? ' i vv' a safe customer, as regards not saying too much. ' Well, if you want to know, Prescott's the man I'm roferring to. Lord I to hear him cursing the boss this morning was onotigh to havo frightened tho devil him self. Thoro must ha' boen somo jolly row on last night, for I novor in all my born day b ? ' Beforo Singleton had finished, Maurico Liscombe opened his oyes, though what was taking placo ho soomed scarcely to be aware of. His oyes rolled wildyfrom ono to the other. His arms wero thrown ovor his head, clutching at the cushions upon which ho lay. For a momout all was silent. In anothor instant a low, chuck ling dcmoniacial laugh broko from Lis combo himself : ' Escapo mo, can ho ? Novor 1' Tho tone of his voico was unnatural and unliko that evnr hoard beforo by those watching beside liim. It was clearly discernible that ho was wandering in his mind from tho dis jointed naturo of his remarks : ' As true as my namo's Liscoinbe— saw wholo affair plain as — call it murder of courso I do — that follow Prescott — moon shining full — sea calm — I'll havo money Having relieved himself of so much, ho shut his oyes onco more and Blumbercd. ' What on earth is the old fool driving at?' oxclaimed Singleton. 'Prescott mixed up with full moous nud murder. Il strikes mo tho moon's had a go at him by his talk. Perhaps Prescott'll be able to tell us all about it.' ' Take my advico,' said Roycroft, ' and keep what you've heard to yourself. It might cause tro'ublo.' ' Porhaps your right,' Baid Singleton, ' though I've always heard say that whon a man's suffering from delirium its not right to attach too much importance to what he says. Now taking my own case, for example, when 1 was laid up with rheumatic fover, I took all Borts of odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. It strikes me, however, in this case that tliore's something amiss between tho boss and Prescott. I've noticed 'om for some time back not hitting it off quito pro per.' ' Yes,' said Roycroft, ' that has beon pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder either. A hotter chap never trod this earth than Prescott. I'vo novor known him guilty of a mean action yet. A gentleman in overy senso of the teim, which is more than can bo Baid of him,'' pointing to the manager. ' Why, the way Pri'fccott is spoken to sometimes, it's a wonder to mo that ho hasn't broken ovory bone in his body beforo this.' ' Good Lord 1 do you think for a mo ment that Prescott would tako such a mean advantage as to striko this flabby tiling hero,' said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on tho sleeping form. 'No, lie's not built that way. Givo him a man of his own size and woight, and thon thoro would bo something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver.' Tho ovening was now woaring on. Without all was still aud peaceful, save for tho the cry of birds which piped merrily all through the night, as some are wont to do in this hot laud. Or again might bo heard tho piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading tho bright moon in somo deop receas of tho thick jungle, a whine so piteous and uncanny as to mako thoso who hear it for the Grst timo imagine it from tho regions where torments may exist. What nightB are these of tho tropics, whoro tho deep vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright worlds? Do they not speak to us of something that wo may hope for in that unveiled future whither all, we believe, are trending ; something of peace, some thing of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which iB tho goueral lot of mankind on earth ? Yes, ouch are tho dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of these lands wlioro Great Sol in running his daily courso beats down upon tho earth bo fiercely. Beside such nights as these, what com parison can be drawn with tboso of tom porato latitudes where the stars shiuo but feebly, where fogs drift up from cold morasses, aud whore tho sun lookB sick so often through banks of dull-hued clouds? One is all lifo, color and gaiety ; tlio other sombre, dull and Bad. Tho birds in their rich plumage darting across tho jungle path, tho lizards timidly gaz ing from their bowor of fern and rich, moist grasses, tlio troops of dazzling butterflies, the emorald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through tho undor growth, all seem to bo endowed with greater vitality in lands whoro spices grow, and, alas I where Europeans sicken and die. Over all this wealth of color, this abundance of Nature's greatest gifts, whon but to bo able to bo proof against malarial fever, would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comes the warning note of death. Tho ride, perhaps when tho sun has set, floundering girth deop on your trusted steed through stagnant water, are then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming the dreaded malarial gases. This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, mon who havo travolled many weary leagues in the saddle without food for dayB would gladly experience them all again rathor than fight tho common enomy of tho tropics, which racks them both in mind and body as nothiug else can. Lying for weokB togothor, with overy bono, as it were, being hammored by mallets, by sproys of ice-cold water coursing down tho spine, &b; soon to be followed by scorching irons, as it woro, tearing the lleBh asunder, aro some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whose rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With his fine pliysiquo and well trained muscles he could defy almost any thing in tho shape of bodily ailments, and would laugh when any ono complained of headaches, so much the rulo with all about him. ' Well,' said Singleton, breaking a somewhat prolonged Bilonce, 'do you fhinlr vmi'll nnnt inn nnv lnnenr. VnR. if you don't, I thiilk I'll bo getting back to the missis.' Singleton was a married man, and al ways spoke of his better half as tho missis, A kinder huBband novor breathed than this somewhat rough-and-ready stockman, who took a pride in seeing everything around his small homo as neat and natty as hands could make it. Its well-kept garden,^ in which ho would work after tho day had finished. The snug littlo parlor, with its suito of fresh, bright-colored chintz and favorite books and photographs. Its tall and coollook ing ferns, - shading the- vorandah, tho prido and joy of his wife. These all told of kind and loving handB which, in others, might bare been loft to languish and decay, . ? 'Only ono thing more, Singleton,'' said Roycroft. ' Whon you'ro pnssing tho barracks, soo if Prescott is thero, and if oo, tell him to como as soon as he can. I want to arrange about tho boss. lie must have some onn by him all night. In ono of his moments of frenzy he might become troublesome.' 'Right, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her bridle aB if sho saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll bo off at onco. Good-night I and keep the old beggar quiet.' In anothor second ho had swung lightly into tho saddle and wnscantoring through tho moonlight with many a leap from tho young maro, who seemed to havo an idea that shadows of trees and stumps wero treacherous wator-jumps. Roycroft and tho manager woro alono. Tho room thoy woro in was long and airy, and, as the sca-breezo camo in gentlo gusts, it made music in tho glass chande licr above. I'l t}' o gardon, flying-foxes amidst the cocoa nut nnd banauna trees played hide-and-seek; tho crickets chirped and bats flow in and out, attracted hy the light. All creatures of night-time were hold ing high festival. Presently a deoji groan camo from Maurice Liscombo, which Btartled Roy croft somewhat, who was enjoying a cigaretto in au arm-chair. In anothor instant- he had risen in a sitting posture, but seemed to tako no heed of Roycroft's prosenco. His oyes had a fixed bleary look, and wore an ex pressioii of pain as ho drew from his pocket a soalod letter and as quickly thrust it back again, fearing lest any ono should see it. That he was suffering from delirium was evident. ' Poor Dugdalo I Poor Dugdalo 1' he kept repeating to hiuiself. 'Nover mind ; you'll be avenged for it. Pres cott'll havo a hard case to prove, a hard case to prove— d ? n him 1' Roycroft listened with some interest, wondering what on earth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. In tho distanco came the noise of clat tering hoofs, which Roycroft guessed to bo Sybil riding homewards Soon the young Englishman pullod up and dismounted. When he entered tne room he Btood for an instant gazing at tho bloated features and swollen ankle of the manager, then taking his seat closo to Roycroft, they talked for a timo in low voices. ' Is he wandoring ? Has ho been say ing anything?'' queried Sybil, who was apparently anxious to know something about the patient. ' Yes, he is saying a lot moro than he ought to.' 'Anything about met Is ho uncon scious?' ' Very much so, and for that reason I attach no importance to his wordB.' 'But what has ho been sayingi' Sybil inquired, anxiously. ?' Better not bo too curious ; it mightn't please you.' 'Come, now, Roycroft ; there can be nothing between us. Tako ino into your confidence ; I promiso you it'll go no fur ther.' 'For your own sake, I truBt not; it's a vory ugly report, old boy.' At these wordB Sybil rose to his feet, foaring what ho guessed whon he had heard that Liscombe was delirious. Ad vancing Blowly towards Roycroft he took him gently by tho shoulder, gazing fear lessly into his oyeB. 'Doos he — does he' — hore ho fal tered a little — 'mention tlie name of Dugdalo, accusing ine of — of — ' Ho sank into a chair, the f-ords refus ing to come. Koycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. CHAPTER III. sybil's NARllATIVE. Seasons como and go in sugar lands without that remarkablo change in charac tor which distinguishes those of more tempeiato climes. The sun is always shining; tho trees, tho «hrubs, and the flowers aro for ever frcBh to the oye ; winter, so called, may be a littlo less severe than autumn ; summer may be come intensified as spring departs, but days are hot always. The dancing rays of sunshine blind the eyes at noon-day oven In the month of June, and when night closes in chill mists, at times arise hanging liko, a white pall abovo the arrowing cane-tops. The Malay crouches around his hot embers, his form so lithe and activo under vertical sunrays, when Europeans gasp for broatb, now shrinks and Bhrivolls before the cool night air. It was tho winter soason at Rappoe. The season when all day long in tho cane-fields the toilers wore busiest. Clink, clink, went the cane-knives, sharp as razors and flashing in the sunshine, from a score of duBky savages. Women and children, too, woro gathering up the bamboos aB they fall and piling them on the trucks for the mill. No ono was idle. But what a change is the season of heavy rainB, whon for days together no work can be pioccedcd with, when the great mill has ceased pounding an, and birds and flying-foxes wheel about the building, ucscared by the roar of steam. Then courso down in all their fury the racing mountain torrents to join' the broad, fast-flowing river, which carries on its surface mighty tree trunks, torn from their roots, to be borno seawards. No craft could stem that current, rushing madly on to join the wide, blue ocean. Man perforce must succumb to tho in evitable. Ho watchoB, and not without anxiety, the riso of the storm watera as slowly, but surely, each day they make, headway, fearing lest that in one' overwhelming avalanche they may burst their boundB and carry all before them. In June a man might wado the river, were it not for the grueBome thought that under that cilrn, unruffled surface a hideous crocodile may be lurking. Sleep ing, sleeping alwayB, until it scentB its prizo, then with a dart magical in its speed, tho prey is seized and dragged by a triple-row of teeth to be ground in Jiieuu-Iiieui. ' If you'vo nothing to do this evening, we'll rido to Thornton and have a game of billiards,' said Sybil to Roycroft. ' Is Singleton about 1 I want him to come, too.' Sybil was riding, and had pullod up in front of the mill-house, where a gang of Chinese, Malays and Kanakas wero busy foeding the rollers with cane. ' My reason for wanting you to come I darosay you can easily guess. You bave heard quito sufficient last night to set you wondering, I've no doubt. Singleton has also hoard part, and for this reason I want you both to ride to Thornton with mo. There wo can have a quiet chat at the 1 pub ' over the mattor, which I don't care about doing lierb.' — (To lo tontinilcd,) 