HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship " Mary Compton," of Bristol. Eng land, was strugling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind biew fur- lous.y, but the weather was clear, and the Cap tain expected every momeut to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals Th:s lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once, there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ful shock and went to pieces. Four men, in cluding the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange tiling had hap pened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper bad bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most importani lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit 7 " Tqu are beyond human aid" These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so 7 No ; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," she said " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed aud sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was' ' 1 have mixed' yon some medicine ; you ean take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. " I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid :' " My heart sank "within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave tbem without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. 1 had no ap petite aud had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost I My Mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morn ing. " At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wil son, with whom I . formerly worked in Craw ford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where 1 live) had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. J, sson's the Chemist, . in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, aud by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, ap.d was fast getting my- strength back. I am now(April, 1S90). in better health than ever before in my life. I should have taken Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work aud we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank- God I did get it at last, and it cured ine, bad off as I was. All my friends aud neighbours know the facts I have related and I wiU reply to my letters of en quiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. 