The Daddy of the Sharks The shallow waters arouud Key West, writes a Florida correspondent, is the home of millions, more or less, of big man-eating sharks, and scarcely a day passes but what one or more are killed from the wharves and in the shallow waters around the island. W. S. Wilson and Duke Dart, of the naval station, rejently had a big experience with a fine specimen of the man-eating variety that will last them for several years, so they say. The other afternoon, while near the bar racks, they caw several huge specimens swimming in the shallow waters, their huge dorsal fins going in every direction. Arming themselves with a couple of heavy-bore rifles, they started out. After chasing the 'daddy' of the gang around for some time, they got close to bim and planked two bullets j from 41 Winchesters through his ugly body, j The Wg share leaped olear out of the water i on feeling the bullets, and came down with a swash, nearly upsettiug the boat. To their surprise h° then became peiectly quiet, aad as they thought they had sec urea a prize without much trouble, they hastily pulled up to him, aud putting a rope round h*s body, S'arted to tow him to shore. All at onoe the seemingly dead shark awoke to the ignominous fact that he was being towed hind-end first into land, and his objection was shown very strongly. With a dash of his big tail the end of tne boat was knocked to pieces, and the two shark fisher men were hurled head over heels about ten feet into six feet of water, with scores of other sharks in very close proximity. The big shark started in a circle rouud the two wet fishermen, the rope trailing beneath him o^ili fast to some portions of the boat. The shark hunters, however, were not thoroughly cowed bv their surroundings, but seizing hold of the rope, attempted to stop the shark. As Dart Explained afterward, it was like stopping a locomotive with 200 pounds of steam on. On feeling the additional weight on the rope, as thpy grasped it, the shark darted forward with lightning velocity, tow ing the two astonished hunters through the water at a pace that they did not relish. Bravely they held on for a hundred yards, and then finding the pace too much for them they let go especially quick, as the bhark was heading out for deeper water. The big shark, finding himself partially free, again turned and came for them wiih a tremendous plunge. As he came up he turned over on Lis baok, opened wide his capacious month and made a dive for Wilson. The latter was spry enough to elude «iira springing higL into the air as the shark neared him. By so rue mischance, as he dropped baok, he fell a-sti addle of the shark. Instinctively his hands oaught ibe knot in the rope that was tied around the shark's body, and the big water tiger, greatly astonished at this turn of affiirs, started off with all his might. Fortunately he was so blinded by his terror and surprise that he d'd not kunw which way he was going, and, being headed toward the shore, he ran up on the eloping, gravelly beach, and in a second or two lay gasping almost out of the water. As he struck the *&nd; and glided up tho incline he gave a vioious twist of his tail that sent his rider bea 1 over heels on to dry land. Dart then hastened out of the water to his com panion's assistance, and, securing big pieces of coral, they both began pelting the object of tbeir wrath. For ten or fifteen minutes the fight was a right lively one, interspersed with many narrow escapes on their part from the monster's big tail, but at the end of that period the coral roak proved too much for him, and he gave up the ghost. On ^eing measured the monster proved to be thirteen and one half-feet long, and would have weighed probably not less than 1,200 pounds. Wbea he was opened they found one big shoe, a cigar-case, mouth organ, a large number of bones that plainly showed thai his fame as a man-eating variety was not a mis-nomer. Strange to pay, when tbe fragments of the boat were hauled to shore both the huntere' guns were found under the thwarts, wheie they had become fastened in pome manner when the boat overturned. Both say that hereafter when they go shaik hunting they will 'remain on dry land.' A. beautiful diamond necklace, which bas been brought forward by a New Yoik jeweller, represents a wreath of cak leases of small diamonds with several large stores oat at intervals. Cigarette oases and match boxes are now domed with miniatures. 