COSTLY INDIAN WABS. (FEOM THE OLOBE-DEJCOCEAT.) Since the 4th July, 1776, when this Government began, the Indians have cost the United States a thousand million dollars. When the old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rock, and said. " Welcome, Englishmen," he spoke for 1,000,000 ynfti»™ That wits the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the United States. And so it appears that to date the act of dit possessing the aborigines has cost J ,<W0doL for every buck, squaw, and papoose iivine on the soil when the white man came xaeee are rouna ngures, out tney are very dose to the exact record. Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of tiie Indian census, made a careful compilation. He ebowed that from 4th July, 1776, to 30th Jane, 18SG, the Indians had cost the Government 929,239,28l-02doL It is safe to say that the four years added to the record since Mr. Donaldson's researches will brinethe figures up close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one-third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One-third of Hie one thousand millions has been spent in pacifying and DRCLISIDG Indians. Two- thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in fighting Indians. SenatorDooJttle,ofWisconsin, once ventilated this Indian war business. He was in Che Senate wheu it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Kavajoes. Several other senators demurred to the cost of the proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about the cost ot Indian wars. At the same tune he gave some interesting facts about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant complained. Tbu officer in command at the poet sent out a subordinate with twenty men. Tins little force went to the Indian camp, and demanded the surrender of the Sioux who bad killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians replied to the demand: " We are willing to pay for this animal: we will pay you in bufialo robes or buffalo skins." The army officer declined. He repeated bis demand for the immediate surrender. The Indians refused. The officer gave the order to own fire. The men, 20, obeyed. In 20mm. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The war lasted three or four years. It cist the United States between lo,000,Ooodo!. and 20,000,OOOdol. The Navajoe War was another which Mr. Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navafoes lived there was no trouble, One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew hi= bow aud put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he Sed to hit, tribe. The officer £s.-:t a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troor.s were marched out, and war was begun. _ Three campaigns were made against the Navajoes on this provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each ox them. This Navajoe war cost the Government nearly 20.000,000dol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was published. It began in 1832. It had its origin in a comparatively insignificant matter. A contractor for tuniishing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mess pork. Ths consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went hack on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Su!ly conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the "Galvanised Yankees," as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these " Galvanised Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate pri sorters who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in l, preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Kot being hampered fcy the humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibley adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as thirty braves were made " good Indians" by the rope in one day. There is a record of engagements with hostile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from ISfiS to 1S52. In the recapitulation of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded" in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes rere fought with Indians iu the fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1SS6, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 1867 to 18S6 had been 22:1,891,264'dOdoL la 1S6S and 1809 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Oklahoma. Between 1S62 and 1SGS there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south* west. On the 2nd of March, ISSS, this war to punish the Cheyennes. Arapahoes, and Commanches began. It ended on the 9th of February following. Three hundred and fiftythree officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, ^ wounded, or captured in the 11 months* campaign. The Indian los6 was killed, 2S9 wounded, and 3B captured. The actual field operations during the 11 months coat 1,356,oI5-57dol. The Modoc war in the lava beds cost the army 111 soldiers tailed or wouuded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assaainahon of General Canby. Seventeen citizens were killed and wounded. The record which was sent to the Senate by the War Department savs: " No Indians reported ldlled." So far as losses were concerned, the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1876 cost, for the actual field expenses, 2,312,531doI. But the campaign was chiefly notable for the Caster massacre. The army foes was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 8-5. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued. Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows-trees and there wouldbe no ghost dancing to-day. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their possession. The Nez Perces war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost 931,329*o2dol. The Nez Perces lived in a valley in eastern Oregon. They occupied land which, from its extraordinary fertility and adaptability for irrigation, is now worth from -50doL to 75dol. an acre. That ought to be sufficient explanation of the way hostilities came about. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white man. Troops were sent to the Nez Perces' camp, and wore whipped with a loss of a lieutenant and 33 soldiers. Then followed the Nez Perces war. * General Howard followed the Nez Perces over 1,400 miles, and then failed to be iu at " the death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and hia band in the vicinity of the National Park. Hie killed six chiefs and a lot of warriors, and captured all the others. The wind-up was on 30th of September. Howard came up with his advance guard just after the victory was won. In that campaign 241 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve ritzeas were ldlled. The Indian loss was 1S8. The Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 356 t636-l9doL When it was ended the record showed a loss of 2* to the army, 30 citizens murdered, and 74 India;jia killed. The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on the army of 32 lulled aad woond«d. No Indians were reported killed. Since 1882 the only Indian trjrhtmg has been with the little squads of Apaches in Arizona and New Mexico. For every Apache tun down and ldlled or captured the Government is said to have spent 100,000dol. Here (says the Pall MaU Gaze lit) is a plot for Gaboriau from real life. About two years ago an outrage was committed in Canada similar to one which has just raised a storm of fury in the north. The grown-up daughter of a Congregational minister in the Eastern townships-was waylaid when going home along a dirk country road at night, and was foully assaulted and murdered. When her body was seemed to have left no mark. Large rewards were offered; but without effect. Within the last few months a fugitive criminal from the States, who under an mm lurfheeri playing the part of minister of the Ooq)C& for seven years Mia MSmiii .AA'HKM inmdMi; n t frninJ 