bogus mining-companies.— confer ence with the stock exchange. . The committee of the Stock Eyqhange of, Mel bourne-waited, on tho Minister of Miries yesteB- dayat Mr Outtrim's invitation, to confeq, as,fb tlie ' necessity ' arid pos&ibility...; of regulating ,-tJie prbmbtion of mining and blhter companies. -The gentlemen represented tne btock ' Excnange i— Messrs F. W. Were (Chairman); Robert Wallbn, Gavan G, Brownv'J. M'Whaei "G. S." Griffiths, W. H. Quick, M. J.; Keririb (feebrfttlirj:.) . Mr' 0uttriiri,r'in explriining h» bbjbct ih asking them to wait upon him, said he had no doubt that they would. .acquiesce in his rbqiibqli to con sider the advisabieries pftoriaidering tho nieans which.sliould be adopted to place the floating of mining companies/ up.on a mora.-. satisfactory basis.. (.Between the: Mining. Department, and tlie Stock Exchange they dughb to db everything they possibly could, to "ossfsb. ininitig; rind' to jJtibge" It 'of fcbftiliu Section tliat bring upoh sohio vbjitutoSi to that tliey mlglit h'avb rilrittfeto Wrir- r ied; Bn : fr itrf-As Indefi u'tfty te ' pbfefet bib: Tt iriust li'avb Bceft iMcrtoJtq IHbrii— it wris 'pritbh't to,/.hin>— that tlie . peoplp of the colony were fleecefj .Ao; thq b'xten\ bt t ftl'riny thousands of ppuh'dAahnually.by .the" ffpritiii'g 'of h'crAffb com- panies. Tne Sections to wliicli he referred hung on to. the skirte. of legitimate mihihg; ini'a man ner that was riot conducive to. the best interests of prpspecting and mining. When aline of reef, Or . a iwell- defihed- gutter, .wis discovered, "the rteighbohrhb'adf as 'soon as gold was: struck; ' was peggftd drit fdt lully a. tnilb round about. Those clriijiis werb placid oh' tile 'riiftrket frithout the gho'st Pf a bhteqe that the mV®5tpfB frPUld get the dolour bf gold fori their ihoriqy. Tri tiriies of excitement . people., were carried away by 'niis. leading /prospectuses; . Ariel toot iffftfis ih all kinds..pf yentures and lost th'qir mijhey., If this -coft jffinT.fr, '.niln. ing frOuld; be assiBted. .very 'greatly, but being thrbwn awriy-, it served to discourage legitimate investment. There were a fefr . facts which he STiS/gqiirg to submit to thetri; and as men inte- i-est'ed lft" tlii lranefety .of all investments, ho wquldtS8k .thorn to coWiidfer whAt hi had to say. AAPpterfed fo hiiri,- for oxiimple, thatho mining icpilrifty," hnbUld ( bb riigisteried ft n til iarif ril sx- amination of the locality by e'/cpBrts had shown that there was a fait examination that th® sink- ing.wpuld bo upon, a lead or jpayablo "deposits, or until the amount of capital'which was provided under,; the i Act" was subscribed: In the next plhce, there should bo a certificate frorii a bank manager in proof that the money had beou sub scribed And was placed to tho company's credit \- f(ft purposes arid nothing else. It frdftld nbt bo used, for instririce, for tho payment of ptomqters. He proposed legisla tion in the direbtion 61 Tncreri'siilg the alhouut of' rapfral to bo called up, arid would ask tlio Stock Exchango . to fully inquire into the bona rides. ;pf. companies about to bo registered, so that that important institution should riot uri- willmgly be used to assist tlie undertakings of questionable soundness; Before a company was placedon their list they might require it to comply With the terms, of a stringent by-law, which should be framed with a view of giving investors that measure of protection whioh they thnf 'l vli Tllw054iau Act had taken iff® ,v5 1 ,au'labl® direritiori, ahdlts bpeia- tionliad bteh attended with ribua VeBUlts. It was a woll-known faet that shares were oftori1 bqught in large quantities by people frho .hrid roi nfney tnp!ly, for If the goods rose m pneo, well and good ; but if they Went down, the unfortunate fellow frho had trusted, the purchaser had ..to suffer. This n1n of b6 'PWl'Orit of existence, as \- 8u®h a riieaaure as that which was m force in Canada, hig Aqt also pr6ri«M for ifee feSnii.flJffent' of tliosfi frho mafl , declafetiSHi jjt : connectibii wM .tho floafi coHtji6hi68: Bferb frere mfthy bthor CNJ conneotibH .wiIh tho bujiiHS and selling 0f S in addition to those whioh he had glanced at t upon which, he desired tho assistance nf Stock. Exchange of Melbourne in the fram.l . thb Bill1 frliith firid beon forfeshfidowcct 012 refo.rm..of.the.mininglaw. ""l Mr F. W. Wore cxpressed the pleasure mat ivhich liiinfeelf arid colleagues had Hsteticii 1 r the proposals of .tha Minister of Mines ! they had hoard for tho first time, tho natum if' tlift bufeirie'fes tipoii whicli the Minister li deffifid to sfee thbni; tliby had not lirid tin,-.. fdlly ',affrilyg6t tfift driteilfe of tho prdftbscd ' fprm's, tout, be nulit riay tluit the Stock V oliftiigo ' wris riot mdlfforient to tho tobiM 1 They had already proposed to prevent as fa 7 possible the registration of bogus commite upon their, list, and to make promoters corrisi US' riearly; as possible with tho law. in ty oiideavour they had met with much difficulty ,!; far. brit they intended to persevere. Thero ? ! already a rulo i'ri existence at the Exchaiu dealing with the plriclng of stooks on tho tnai ; ' ket, whiteK/reqiiitfed tho promoters to furaia ' Alien particulars rip would serve as a cuidiii iffvfefetorf; They Haa foviffd of late that com panies lind beon floated with too littlo trionei placed/to their credit, fori, although tho As ' said, that , thp funds should amount to 5 cent. . of tho total capital, promoters ingenious in getting out of this provision 7U': intention of the committee, of the Exchange m to make coriipanies comply with this rule and unless tliey did so, the committee hoped to ft : able to got the mfembers tb agree to decline to place such venturesi on tho official list. c Mr R. E. : Wrillen said the committee ha! done their best' to .render mining investnlctti l; wliat they ought/to be.; Perhaps it was haftllj possible to .surround the flbritihg of comb-inia with perfect safeguards. They could not a, what ground was good ...and wliat' was bad, btf they could and would tako precautions to 'pre. ' von t wilful jlef version pf 1 facts. : As to'tho Stock Exchange as a body; there was no place intt>;" world whferft transafctiohS: WPre; carried- on ii r the sarrie horiourAble -way, or. iiil. which dtp honour, if it occurred, would be more sfcvercli1 ptlriished. : ; .- - -; ;. ; Mr Gavan Brown said. that tlie opinion 6f ft.i S66ck" Exchange . waB tliat 5 per cent sliould ft 1 paid up. The fact was this : There was a god deril of difficulty in making an Act of Parliament elastic enough tb'Feep those mining transaction!1 pure dnd fiatch tlie thief. He did not think the Department " would 'be ( able to define wtq grou.hd'fehould be, taken lip. There were a kft oTftfiiailties iii jblirii fray. No attem)t was likolt1 to/be iriade by the Stock Excii'aiigo as to wlia! ! grojind should be token up, but. they wei e think , ing of; calling upon all company promoters to'1 give some guarantee of their bona tides. Lcgis- 1 lation might be introduced punishing people foi1 making' false declarations. He believed th»( Executive would pass a bye-law, punishing - wrongdoers who promoted companies which 11 were not what they were represented to be, The public could not; he was afriaid, be protected : against' gambling, in these shares,. It wasim.f possible to iriftltonien intelligent in thesematteis f- They., would .riot, read what was ' placed - before them . in these matters. He was boh that each was quite alive to doing something in ! the matter. . / . . Mr G. S. Griffiths; said. that, they had refused 1 to put several conipanies on their list during the past friw tobnthSj because they were not satisfied about;tho 5 per cent. , . ' ( Mr Outtrim, in cbriclusion,, thanked the com. : mittee for having waited .. upon him; and hoped r to .-(have their assistance, in drafting, the bill whioh it was proposed .to submit to Parliament ! in the course of next session, arid the necessity t. frit" Which the committee joined with him in re- f- cOgiliaing.' / z; . -:.r 