ICE BOUND. 10E 3 .81 NU BY W. CARKI RUSSELL. C'APTIER X?-Continued. toni1 the daylight being broad enough now that the hatch lay open on top, I remarked a eliding door on the larboard side of the mast. I put any shoulder to it and very easily ran it along its grooves, and then found myselt in the way of a direct conmmunication with all the fore portion of the schooner. The ar. raugenllnt *decd was so odd that I sos pected a piratical device in this uncommon method of opening out at will the whole range of deck. The air hero was as vile as in the cabins, and I had to wait a bit. On entering I discovered a little compart menit withl racks on either hand filled with small arm.. I afterward counted 113muskets, blunderbusses and fasils, all of an antique kind, while the sides of the vessel were hung with pistols great and little, boarding pikes, cutlasses, hangers and other sorts of sword. This armory was a sight to set me walking very cautiously, for it was not likely that powder should he wanting in a ship thus equippeld; and where was it stowed? There was another sliding door in the for ward partition; it stood opeu, and I passed through it into what I imnmediately saw was the cook house. I turned the lantern about and discovered every convenience for dress ing food. The furnaces were of brick and the oven was a great one-great, I mean, for the size of the vessel. There were pots, pans addi kettles in plenty, a dresser with drawers, dishes of tiin and earthenware, a Dutch clock -iin short, such an equipment of kitchen fur nlitur'e as you would not expect to find in the galley of ani Iudianuan built to carry two or threoe hlundred paseigers. About lhalf a chullidrou of snall coal lay heaped in a wooden angular fence fitted to the ship's side, for the sight of which I thanked God. I held the lanter'n to the fri'nace, and observed a crooked clhiuney rising to the deck and pass ing through it. The inoitth or head of it was no doubt ceoyeredby the snow, for I had not notied any mstili objiet' int the survey I had taken of the vessel abovd. Strange, Ithought, that thoese men shottd. nave frozen to death with the niaterail in the ship for keeping a fire going. linBut then lily whole discovery I regarded as one of those secrets of the deep, which defy, the utmost imagination and ox perience of msni to explain them. Enough that here was a cvhooncr which had been fuin terred in a sepulcher of ice, as I mightra tionally conclude, for near half a.century; ha thetrtle. i'ere dead imen in her, who looked to.have beien frozen to death; that she was aplmrently stored with miscellaneous booty; that she was powerfully.aruled for a craft of her size, and had manifestly gone crowded with mien. All this was plain, and I say it wias enollughu for site. Before I could make a fire the chimney must lie cleared. Aongii the furniture in the lrlins roomu were ita nuIhie'r of spade headed speart--the spadie us wide as the length of a aunl's thtmllll aind ihollt it foot long, miounted on light, thin wsod. Ariied with one of theso weapons, I passed into the cabin to pro ceed oil deck. I speedily spied the chiiuumy, which showed a head of two feet above the deck, and made short work of the snow that was frozen in it, as nothing could have been litter to cut ice with than the spade shaped weapon I carried. This done, I returnled.l to tile cook room, and with a butcher's ax that hung against the bulkhead I knocked away one of the boards that conlinedl the coal, split it into small pieces and inl a short tine had kindled a good fire. WhenI I was thoroutghly warmn and coma forted I took the lantern and went aft to the stewavrd's rooln auld blrotight thence a cheese, it hlaii, somie bisettit iuan one of the jars of spirits, all of which I curried to the cook roomlili tll placerd the wholo of them it' tie oven. I was extremely hungry ii]ind thirsty, and the waruith and cheerfulness of the flre set lme yearlning for a hot meal. But how was I to tuake ilu ai bowl without fresh waitera I awent on ildeck anl scratched up soeie snow, but the salt ini it gave it it sickly taste, and I was not only certainl it would spoil and mlake ldisgnsting whatever mluixed it with or cooked iIt it, but it stood. as a drink to dis order amy stoimach and bring oil an llness. o,. tiloughlt 1 to imyslf, there must be fresh water about-clisks enoulgh in the hiohl, I dlare say; but the Ioldl was not to be entered ual, expilored without labor and dillitulty, anld I was weary anal failsished, and.in lio tetulllar for hard work. In all shipsll it is the celntoln to calturyoie or more clsks cailed seuttleudtts on dleck, into which freshl water is p?alel?iul for thile ue of the cretw. I stepp~ed along, looking earnestly lt the several shapies of guns, coils of rigging, hatchways, and the like, upon which the sno;ll a Ily thick itnd solid, bitlaerceived noth ing that answered to the shluae of a cask. At last I camne to the well inl the head, passed the forecatstle deck, antld, n looking dlown, spied, among otlher eishapt?s, three bulgedl all blulky forlms.. I see?ulll 1by inlilnet to knlow that tlhese were tihe snttlelbutts, ind went for the chuplur, with whlich I returned and got into this hollow, that wais foir or live feet deep. The snow had the hardness of iron; it took mlle a quarteir of tilt houri' of stevere labior to uliake sure of the character of the bulky thing I wrougl!t lit, anid then it proved to be a cask. W\Vhatevitr Ilight be its contents it was not elipty, but I was pretty nigh slent by the tine 1 had knocketli oFi the iroe 'anuls aunl btlein out staves enough to enable nla to get att the frozen body within. There were three- quartiues of ia cask full. It was spark ling clear ice, and, chippig oif a piece and suicking it, I found it to be very sweet fresh wiater. Tils w~'as ll labor rewardeld. I cut oi? s llunch as, whien dissolved, would m)lake a couple of gallons, acud returned to the cook i'otm.u, The fire blrnenl, briightly, and its ruddy glow was sweet i! ll )liuali domn)allsinshlip " Iput the ice iJito mu enileplni ahn? pet tIh utpon tile fire, autl thelln pullinig hie chooese and halll out of the ovell fullll them warsn and thawsld. Oi siielliig at the mouth of the jar, I discovered its coentcats to be brandy. Only about al inchl deep of it was melted. I poured this into a pailuikiu and took a sup, and a finer dropl of slirits I never swallowed il ail lly life; its elegant perfunmo plroved it anlazilgly choice and l old. I fetchaled a lemon and sonll sugar, cuand speedily plrelsred a ntlalil slioking bowl of ipunch. The lhal cut eandlily; J friedl a couplh of stout rishers, andi fell to the l?isuttlo?t put lmusqt delicious repast I ever sat down to. At any tinto thelml is somethinig fragrant anid apetizhlig 'it the smell of fried hal; conceive, then, the rcll~ that the appetite of a starvedl, Ihalf frozen, shipvrecked man woulid find itl The cheese was extrilcely good, and was as sound as if it ilad been Iuado a week ago. Indeiled, the preservative virtues of the colt struck ime with astonlislnienit. Here was I making a fine meal oilff stres which, in all probabllity, Mhad Ilin iii this ship fifty years, and they ate as choicely as like food of a similar quality asholre. Possibly sone of thlese days scieni play )aYl.'a au means for keepinig the sLores of a ship f'tsaigu, "w}itili syigml ls p s great a blessing as coull befall thiI srinoirUe, aidl a sure reilmedy for the scurvy; for then as inluchll fresh mllleat miighlt be carritled as salt, besides other articles of a perishable kind. CIIAPT'ER I XIL. A LONELY NIOICT. I hadlid plmpf ny own ill mly pocket; I letched a smlnall bllock of tlll clack lohapeo that was iii tihe pantry, ud with" somelU tirouble, for it was as hlIrtll a u1'"y as glass, clipplied olf a bowlful anid fell a-pulling wvith Ull the satisfaction of a hardened lover of tobacco who has long been denied hisfavorite relish. et \- 11y pipe being emptied, I threw some more coals into the furnace, and putting a candle in the lantern sient aft to take another view of' the little cabins, in one of which re solved to sleep; for though tho. cook room would have served mae best while the fire burned, I reckoned upon it making a colder habitation when the furnace was black than those small compartments in the stern. The cold on deck gushed down so bitingly through the open companion hatch that I was fain to close it. I mounted the steps, and with much ado shipped the cover and shut the door, by which of course the great cabin, as I call the room in which the two men were, was plunged in darkness; but the cold was not tolerable, and the parcels of candles in the larder rendered me indifferent to the gloom. On entering the passage ini which were the doors of the berths, I noticed an object that had before escaped may observation-I mean a small trap hatch, no bigger than a man hole, with a ring for lifting it midway down the lane. I suspected this to be the entrance to the lazarette, and putting botlh' hands to the ring pulled the hatch up. I sniffed can tidusly, fearing foul air, and then sinkidng the lantern by the length of my arm I peered down, and observed the outlines of casks, bales, cases of white wood, chests, and so forth. I dropped through the hole on to a cask, which left any head and shoulders above the deck, and then with the utmost caution stooped and throw the lantern light around me. But the casks were not powder barrels, which perhaps a little reflection might have led me to suspect, since it was not to be supposed that any male would stow his powder in the lazaretto. ' 1 As I was in the way of settling my sme givings touching the stock of food in the schooner, L resolved tol'push through with this business at once, and fetching the chop per went to work upon these barrels and chests; and very briefly I will tell you wlhat I found. First, I dealt with a tierco that proved full of salt beef. There was a whole row of these tierces, aldl one sulficed to ex press the nature of thu rest; there were up ward of thirty barrels of pork: one canvas bale I ripped open was full of halts, and of these bales I counted half a score. Thie whit cases held biscuit. There were several secks of pens, a number of barrels of flour, cases of candles, cheeses,- a quantity of tobacco, not to mention a variety of jars of several shapes, sone of which I afterward found to coltainl mnarmnalude and sliccadoes of differ ent kinds. Ont knockhing the head off one cask I foulid it held a frozen -body that by the light of the lantern looked as black as ink; I chipped olf a bit, sucked it, and found it wine. I was so trausported by the sight of this wonderful plenty that I fell upon iny knees iol an outbutrst of gratitude, and gave hearty thlanks to (tod for his mtercy. There was no further ieed for mlu to dismnally wolder whether I was to starve or no; suplosilng tile provisions sweet, here wtas food enotlugi.lo last tile 1 hlree or fourt yeals. I waits so over joyedi and withatl curiolus that I forgot till allbout the tille, alid Ilour'ishlliug tile chopler nutle the, round of thle hlzarette, sinupling its freight by inrlividunl instances, so that by tile tilllo I was tirld I had llenlrgel tile list I hiave givent by lliscoveries of Illuludy, beL?Ir, altlnwal, oil, lelions, tonglues, vinegar, rtunl nt1d eight or ten other nlatters, all stowed verly untglingly, 11liad ill so lnitly diffrenCt kinlds of casks, -ases, jllrs and other vessels, ils dispose?d 1ne to believe that several pirati. etai runtungillgs mIlst have gone to the crea tion of this hauldsonle and plentiful stock of good thlings. Well, tholght I, even if there be no more coal ill tle ship than what lies in the cook llholse, enough fuel is here in the shape of casks, Iboxes and the like to thaw se pro visions for six mouths, besides what I may eoolne across ill the hohl, along with the lnte lmocks, beshlilng, boxes, and so forth, ill the folecastlie, tall which woull be good to feed mlIy fire with. This was a most comforting reilection, and 1 recollect of springing lout throughl the hlTurette hatch with as spirited II clper as ever I had cut at any time of muy life. I replalced tile hatchl cover, and having re solved upon the aftInost of the four cabins as 13ly bedroom, entered it to see what kind of acconnodlation it would yield me. I hang up the lantern, anld looked into the cot that was slhtng ntiiiwartships, ?1 spied a couple of rugs or blankets, which I pulled out, hav ing no fancy to lie under them. The deck was like anl ol clothes shlop or the wardrobe of a traveling troop of actors. Frol the coufusion ill this and the adjoining cabins I concluded that there llad been a rush at the slat--L wild overhauling and flinging about of clothes for art ic?es of more value hidden amlong thel. But just as likely as not the disorder mlerely indicated the slovenly indif fel lnce of Ilundererl I to tile fruits of a pillage that had overstocked them, 6 Thi filst garment I picked up was a cloak of a sort of silk llmaterial, richly furred and lillned; all tile buttons but one had been cut off, and that which remailled was silver. 1 spread it ill the cuot, 1s it was a soft thing to lie upon. Then I pickedl up a coat of the fashion you will see il IHogarth's engravings -the coat collar at broad fold, and the cuffs to the elbow. This was as good asarug, and I put it into the cot with the other. I swept the huddle of things with my foot into a corner, and lifting the lids of the boxes lsat more clothes, 1ome books, a collection of slnall armas, a couple of quadrants, and sllndlry rolls of Ilaler, which proved to be charts of the islatuls of the Anlltilles and the western South Aluericau coast, very ill li gested. There werlle no Ipapers of any kind to leterielll the vessel's character, nor journal to acquaint mie with her story. I was tired ill anly lillls rather than sleepy, land went to the cllok roo00 to rmlu mlnsei lt the fil 11111and get 1ne sollll slupper, meaning to sit there tillthe tire died out and then go to lcst; hilt wlIeil I pullt illy killifeo to the ham I foundl itt as hllld frozetl as whlen I had first Inet with it-so with thle cheese, ild this tlhoughl tlhere had LIee 11 t'ire burning for hours! I putO tile thiniligs ilnto the oven to thow, as before, allndl sittillg down fell very iPlOsie otcr- this s?,elsity of cold, ithich had power to freeze wilthin ayalrd or two of the furulnnee. To be sulre, thile ti'e b ny absellce llhad slhrillilik, aulll tle slilitig doluor being open allllittedl thle col0 of thile chin; but tilh con silleilltioli waS, How was] t1 esist tShe killinlg elfUoldlllent of thils utlIlloSllhereI! 111 slept ill tlhe ibat, it is tlll,, a1nd was nioneo the wrorilo, ilnd now ! ,,ni w nnlhr shelter, with the ihelt of ta lle-ltilllul llflll of mt-nlt and liiluor to wtr IIll IIIC; bult if ile 111 1111111 naud cheese flozO ill 1n air ill whicih a flireo had tlllere ills l ili?, alnd life beatl weakly, as it ldots i lulnIilet'; Tirtslte figtlsll. ill thle cabin were dilsutli wnlidhltgs lnlil ltsitallrlctes; they, had bctll tmeu pte'h-lllllS stouter ad lhelartier tlhaunll ever I wilas i their day, Ilbutl thoy Iald been frteon ,l lto stony ilnages, nIleverthe less, uliderl cover, too, with thle ma telrllsl to Ilulakeo a fire, .and In mluch strong' 1water inl tlheir lazanretto as would serve their. schlloonller to float in. - It strangely anld inlportunatellcy clntered my leamd to conceive tllat thloughl thlose meI1 were frozen allt stilless thsey.wrl Ilot ideadll as corl-es arc lb 5e, 1 n tas l str 11a 1 05ho clll'elnt, clleckell y it, will .low whllen thile ice is) mlated. Mlight n, lt life iu then bo sulslsldedtj by the coll, lnti ?lildedlt Tilero is vitality in tho. seedtl, though it lies a dead thing in the hand. Those men are corpses to my eye, but, said I to myself, they umay have tlhe principles of lifoe in them, which heat lnight call into being. Putrefaction is a natural law, but it is balked by frost; and just as decay is hlindered by cold, might not the property of life be left unalfected in a body, though it should be mlnibed in a marble form for fifty years! This was a terrible faincy to possess a?man situated as I was, and it so worked'in lue that again and aganll caught myself look ing fithst forwardl, then aft, as though, heaven, help mnel my secret instincts foreboded thiat at any moment I should behold some form from the forecastle or one of those ilgures in the cabin stalking in, and coining to my side and silently seating himself. I pshawed and pished, and querulously asked of myself what manner of English sailor was I to suffer such womanly terrors to visit mne; but it would not do; I could not smoke; a coldness of the heart fell upon ile, anlid set me trembling above any sort of shivers which the frost of the air hlad chased throughlune; and presently a hollow creak sounding out of the hold, caused by some lmovement of the bed of ice on which the vessel lay, I was seized with a panic terror clad sprang to my feet, and lan torn in hasnd made for the companion ladder, with a prayer in mle for the sight of a star! I duust not look at the figures, but setting the light down' at' the foot of the ladder squeezed through the comnlpnion door on to the deck. iy fear was a fever in its way, and I did not feel the cohld. There was no star to be seen; but the whiteness of the ace was flung out In it wild, strlnge glare by the blackness of the sky; anld made a light of its own. It was the most savage anid terrible picture of solitude the inveution of man could reach to, yet I blessed it for the relief it gave to mly ghost enkindled imagilatioln. Presently, Whlen the cold was beginning to pierce lme, clly cdiirlgo was so much the bet ter for this excursion ilto the hoarse and black and gleaming realities of the night, that liny heart beat ait its usual measure as i iassed through the hatch and went again to tile cook roocm. I was, however, sure that if I sat here long. listening and thinking, fear would return. So, rakig out tile fire, I picked tipthe lantern nid was about to go, then halted, considelring iWhllether I should not stow the frozen provis ions away. It was a natural thought, seeingl bowi precious food was to lue. But, alas: it mattered not where they lay; they were us secure' here as if they were as snugly hiddenc in the bottom of the hold. It was the white reohl of death; if over it rat had crawled ill this shipl it was, ic its hiding place, as stiff nulld tille as the frozeci vessel. So I let the llhulp of wile, the ice, lhalc, and so forth, rest where they were, and wentto the cabin I had chlosen, involuntarily lpeeping at the figures as I passed, anld hurrylig the faster because of the grin and terrifying livelinless put into the cmanll who sat startiing froni tile table by the swing of the lanternl in my hand. I sllhut the door null hung ithe lantern inear the cot, lhaving the flillt Icand iox i e miy pocket. There was, indleedt, anll lblllllluulce of cIalc iles il tiue vessel; nevertheless, it was Iny busiess to husband theml with the utmlostl ciggardliness. How long I was to be im prisoned here, if indeed I was ever to h u de livered, Providence aloie knew: alnd to run short of candles would cdild to tihe terrolrs of nily existence by forcing mIce either to icpen the hatches ancd ports for light, and so fluling the ship wil the tlccadlyaic outside, or liring in darkness. There were it cloak and a coaot ic tihe cot, but they would not sunicoe; there was, however, plenty of aplparel in the cor ne' to serve as,wriscg, aInd havillg chosen enolgh to slmother me I vaulted into the cot, .aid so covered myself tllat the clothes were above the level of the sides of the cot.. I left the lantern buriing while I nidelo sure ny bed was all riglht, and lay lmucisinlg, feeling extrlemely mlelancholy; Ihis harditcst' part was the thought of those two inlen watching i lithe cabin. Thile most fantastic alarmus possessedl ell. nicpllcose their ghosts caienu to thie shipl at mlidight, and enttecring their bodies quickened thecli inlto walkiing: I caught myself listening; andl tllers was enough to hear, too, what with the' sunbiied roarilg of the wilnd, the spliUtecricg of fee, tihe occasional creaking-ceot unlike it heavy booted tread-of tie fabricie tiC the schooner. to 'ho blasts of the galoe gainst her masts, or to a movement in the bed oil which she reposed. ' j But pIlain sense caee to lily rescue at last. I resolved to have noil- milo of these night fears; so, blowing out the candle, I put mny eadcl o the coat that formlled lly ipillo, i-res olutely kept Illy eyes shut, and after a while fell asleop. CHAPTER XIII. 1E?XPLOi- TIE IIHOLD AIND FOREC.STI.Ir. It was pitch dark when I awoke, and I concceived it nmust be the iciddle of the night; but, ti! my astonishment, oil lighting the lautern and looking at the watch, which I had ta:en the plrecaution to wind up over night-, I sanw it wanted but twenty lllinltes to eight c'clock, so that I had pic.seld throughl eleven hours of solid sleep. However, it was only needful to r?ecollect wheln I was and to ca?s Sgltnceo at the cloned door and porllit, to lnderstand why it was dark. I Iad c lecpt fairly walcrm, anid atwoke with lno sensllatcion of ,ramp; but tile keen air hIdc caused tilhst clan of nly breath to freeze uIllloll ly mouth inl slch a lnlluller that, when fceling tilhe sticky inlconvenleience I p11t ilcy illnger toiit, it ci.l! like a little lask; anld I likewise felt the pain of cold in mily flce to suclh ani extent that had I been blistered there, Iay cheeks, nose anld browv could nIot have siciartetl imorce. This resolved me lhencelforwal'rd to wrcap up any Iead and face before goinlg to rest. f I opened tlhe door and passed out, and ob servedi anl ciIczing dilference between the telmperatlure of the air in .which I had been sleeping and that of tih ntnlosplllere in the passage-a halppy discov-ery, for it served to assure me that, if I was careful to lie cIcdier plenty of coverings aclld to keep thie octer air cxcluded, the heait of n"y bIoely would raise tie tenlpelraturu of the little clbin; nior, pro vidhlig tile CoUIIcrcl'tlllcect ivIS ventilatedl throughout h.le clday, wasi there Ianytlccg to be feal'ed frlin thie vitiction of the cuir by lcly owc breathing. ly first beusiless wlcs to light the filrc idc set Ily breakfllstto W) tllcw, acd hoil Ine a ket tie of water; andi while this was pIrel'ielcg I wen?t oil deck to view tile wenlcher aid tOl cc'c solve in cccy ccind the routine of the dccy. Oc opelnincg the dobr of the coclcIscidion ilatch I aes Ilcearly ililcid 1C b thi glorious irillianco of thce shiicoi tccilc eI .ic l i'i; ltterth IIc blaclk ness of the calbin it wics like looking ait tihe sun hiciself, nccd I ihad to sluteid a flll threu luilnctes with lly ilcc ucclil nlmey e'es beforce I conll cecucstotn Ii?" igt; tcc lie cdanzlilcn glare. It wais tlln we!chelcr cgainc; thie sky over the glass like ilci-ts cf lihe rsclicooller was a clear, dark blue, with a few light clouds blowing over it frol lllthe rsouthlward. The wincd had slifltccl at ilisl; Ccili, lilre s tho heavells were, thie bireeze iwns lipliig briskly vith the weight culd song of cc slccall gale, and its fangs of frost, evel in the coIcimera tive quict of thie sheltcrcil deck, bit with a ulerceness that had not been observable yes terday. The lcolleit I lhad the body of the vessel iln ly sight I Iperceived tluit clhieull clilcoged hler lccitioci aincc tciy dll-. vinesw O l hler, Her bows swere niro llluisei, c llli aileo lay over far ther by thi e dleplh of I philauk. I aticredl ear uostly at the rocky slocs ocs either hanud~, but could not bare swnem their figuration wad changed.. An eager hope shot into ny'ilmitu, blt'itquickly faded into an emotion f atli preliension. It was oilceivable, indqgul, that anl a sudden some etrly day I mlllilht find h the schooner liberated and afloat, aniL' this was thile first inspiritlnglhush; but tlhen eante tlte fear that the disruptlon and volcanic throes of tho ice might crush her-a fear rational enough when I saw the height she lay abovd the sea, and how by pressure those slopes which formed her cradloi might beoJanumed and 'welded together:.: The change of lier iostture then fell ipon, nme with a kind of shock, andl determined ime, when I hind rokea amy fast, to search her hold for a boat ar for materials for coustructing some ark by which I laight float out to sea, should the ice grow menacing land force me from the schooner. I mlade ia lentlful meal, feeling the need of abundanco of food it such ia telperature tis thills, an heartily grateful that there was no need why I should stint mtyself. While I ate my inlul was so busy with considhlerations of the chatinge in the ship's posture during the nlight, that it ended. it de termnilnlng me to take it survey of her froinl Ilae outside, illand tlhen climb the cliffs and took around before I fell to any othler work. Arnllg myself with a boardinig pike to serve is It pole, I dropped into the fore chains and thence stepped oin to the ice, a?td very slowly ald ,ilrefully walked rtould the schllooner, examitinig her closely tund boring ilto(g.ho snow ulpoll her side witll my pike wherever 1 suspected It hole or indenlllt. I could flnd tothlillg wronlg with her in this way, though whahtit tItw tiglt revea. i could not know. HIer rdder htung frozen r ::t its pilntles, and looked as it should. nume little distance abaft her rutlhler, where tile hollow or clhasm sloped to the sea, was it great splic three or four feet wide; this had certainly happened lit the night, and 1 must have slept as soulnd as the dead not to hear the noise of it. Such a rent as this sufficed to necount for the sub tidence of the after part of the schooner and Ler farther inclination to laurbard. Indeed, he hollow was lnow colilng to resemlble the "ways" on which ships are ltutultd; aind you would have conceived by the iappear atoe of it that if it should slope it little more yet, off would slide the schooner for the sea; amd in the right posture, too- that is, stern in. But I prayed witlt all amy might nud unain for anyythlng bult tllis. It would have Ieen very well had the hollow gone in i gen t1e declivity to the wash of the sea-to the water itself, int short; lbut it termlitnated at the edge of a cliff, not very high, indeed, but igh enoughl to warranht the prompt founder ing of any vessel that should launch herself lff it. Happily the keel was. too solidly frozen into the ice to render a passage of thil description possible; tlnd the conclusion I ni lived at, after careful inspection, was that the sole chance that could oler for the de livery of the vessel to her proper element lay in the cracking up anld disruption of the bed it which she lay. i Satisfied as to the state of the iee and the losture of the schooner, viewed fronm with out, I sent a slow and piercing gaze aloing th i ocen line, and then retlurned to tihe ship. TIhe stronlg wivd, the dance of the sea, tlhe grautdeur of the great tract of whiteness, vitalized lby the flying of violet cloud shad. ews along it, had fortified my spirits, and being free (for a while) of all superstitions dread, I determined to begin by exploring tihe forecastle and ascerltainig if Ilmore bodies vero in the schooner that those two in the cabin and the giant form ou deck. I threw ,omo coal on the fire, antd placed an ox tongue aloong with the cheese and a It lump of tile frozen wine in a panuikiu into the oven (for I had a mind to taste the vessel's stores, slid thought the tongue would makean agn ree ablechange), and then, putting a candle into the lantern, walked very bravely to the fore castle and entered it. I was prepared for the scene of confusion, btt I must say it staggered tie afresl with solething of the force of tihe first impression. Sailors' chests lay open it all directions, and their contents covered the decks. Tilere was tie clearest evidence hero that the majorily of the crew laid quitted the vessel in it vio olt hurry, turtning oul t their boxes to craml heir money and jewelry into their pockets, ntud heedlessly flinging down their ow acnd ite clothes which had fallen to their share. ThisIl hadul every right to suppose frotn the character of the muddle oni the floor; for, iasssing thelight over a part of it, I witnessed agreat variety of attire of a kinl which lIer tailly it, sailor in ally age ever went to sea vitlh--rl so fine, erhalps, las that which lay in the cabins, lint very good, nevertheless, partieularly the linen. In manlly places, glittering among the clutlles, were gold and silver coills, it few sil ve" ornamlelts, such as buckles, nlud watches -things not missed by the pirates itl the translpot of their flight, in kiekinkg a coat aside I discovered ta couple of silver cruci lixes bound together, and close by were it silver goblet and the hilt of a sword broken short off for the sake of the metal it was inado of. Nothing ruder than this interior is im aginable. The men must have been mighty Iut to it for roost. Thler was a window in (hte head, but tite stiow veiled it. dlaybe the togues tmessed together lift, anldl only used this forecastle to lie in. Righit under the latch, where the light was strongesti, was a lead rat. I stopped to pick it up, mleaninig to fling it ot to the deck, butt its tail broke ,it at the rumllp like It pipe stem. Close against the after bulkhead that selp urated the forecastle froum lhe cook room was it little hatch. There was a quantity of wearing apparel upou it, inld I should hauve missed it but for catching sight of some three ltches of the tdark line the cover made hi the deck, On clearing away the clothes I ierceived a ri!lg similar to that in the laza rette hatch! and it rose to my first drag aud left m the hold yawning black below. I ,eered down, and observetl a stout stanchion traversed by iron pins for the hainds and eet. Tho atmospherle wats nasty, and to give it tinto to clear I wentt to to cook hlouse and iarmed nlyself before the fir'e. The fresh air blowing do.yq tihe forecastle autch speedily swecteoses thie hold. I lowered he lautert ajid followed, andul found myself i tapl of soine rum or. spirit casks, which on ilty hitting them returastl nle ti solid note. 'here was a fore peak forward ill tIhe bows, ud the casks went stowed to the bulkhead f it. The top of this bulkhead was open four bet from the upper deck, anti on holding the antern over anld putting tny lienad through I sw a quantity of coals. If the foelpeak vent as low as the vessel's floor, thet I ca?oet ated there would niot be less ttan fifteeitn ens of.coal in it. This w?ve ., pqbln didcovery ato fall uplon, ad it mclt ade me feel so happy hat ] tlo iot kmlowv that thie asautanct of itmy being immediately Iesued frollt this islandtl ould have giveu a lighter pulse to ity heart. The candle yieldLed a veTry smtall light, and t was dillicult to see above a yard or so head or around. I turned my nace aft, autd ru'awled over tie casks and emune to under he main hatch, where lay coils of haws?~, uckets, blocks and the like; but hr'g ~ was o vinnace, though here sl? ga beoffstoweil, s a sailor would hase. prnunpt'l seen. A t tie way' e 3'ppd, uricier the g'eat ; hhig, wes he powder utagazln, 4 t aell" hhlkheaded ubmpartnteoit Wvith L little doot, atop of ilticly was w sltnall bull's eye lhamp. I peered varlily otough, you wvill suplpse, illto this place; and mado out twelve barrtels of pow let.~I heartlly wished themn overboartd; and et, after all, they were anot very mnuch miore ('|l' b .' u-b lttinltll.) 