" TJie Mystery of Allinton." (By " Poyciiolooi't " in tho Town ami Country Journal.) "What, do you beliovo in gboiUP Jwk, old boy, I nm surprised at you. You don't moan to toll luo thut you havo added another to Iho already long list of superstitious idiots ? GhoBts, iudecdl Had there been suoh goutrv. you would undoubtedly havo boon visited protly frequently ero this. Why? For tho simple reason that the spirituul tenants of tho varioua corpses you havo dissooted iu your timo would cortuirly havo appeared to settlo accounts with ynu for Iho unskilful butohoriug practised upn, ti.ir earthly shells." 'I i. -j speaker, Tom Leslie, nt this junoturo found it convenient to duok his head as an ovoc- ripepeaoh whizzod through the ait aud smashed uguiust the opposito wuil. "Fio upon you, Juok," cxolaimed Tom; " don't ioso your temper. Remember tho diguity slippered to bo vested in a medical msu. Why, if poor Mrs. Evorimaladio had wituosred thatlittlo outburst of yours you would assuredly have lost ovo of your most opulent nud trust ing patients. Bat pax, old ohap, I am sure you must havo somo valid reason lor your re marks, as I know you are too steady f ir your ghosts to bavo taken sliupo through tho medium of tho punchbowl ; and if you will honour mo with any particulars in support of your, throry, I will prove an attontivo listou-r. But first of all, I will troublo you fur uuotlior cigar." Whilst Torn ia lightiug up let us get iu a a word of explanation as to tho gentlemen thom selves. In tho first plnoo thoy wore college chums, and by their follow students hud boon nicknamed " the inseparables," in fact their friends learnt nt laBt that it was of no uso issu ing invitations to one without including tlio other. Turn Leslie ii a young barrister of about 33, who ia s- -wly but surely making himself a unmo nt tho bar, whilst J.aok, or us wo should style him, " Dr. Joku Ainsllo," is about the sumo ago us Turn, aud has alreadv built up for himself a lucrative practice. 1 need say no more, us wo aro moro particularly interested in what tho doctor iH about to reuonnt than in tho gentlemen themselves. So wo will at once return to our theme. You will remember, Tom. said tbo d-otor, that somo 12 months ago I took a hard-oarujrl holiday, and paid a visit to ouo of my old fishing haunts at AUiutnn, on tho River Whituddir. Well, after spending tho first d ty in settling myself and b ig.-aao and visiting oao or two old friends, I iviimiienc.'d my h ii ! iy :u real euircv-f, aud sallied down to tho pi-iicy rivor, which was distant about a mile or so from my longings. 1" gave myself up cu'ircij to spurt, for tho l-iver abounded with su ae si the fiucet trout thai ever rose to a fly. One day as I tvua roaming along tho river bank I mado tho aequaiut-inoo of an old g-ni.'.i- man of interesting appearanoe, who had built hiiusolf a rude hut souio 10 or 12 rods from the river tide, and therein dwelt a veritable hermit. I (.cored into oosrsrsution with him, but ho proved a re'iceat eoaapmiiu. Howovor, I soon dissevered that tho o'.d gentleman was himself n ltcon fnhennan, being really tho only hobby he indulged in, and I suppose this bond of uuion was tho mums of hiooventually throwing asido liis air of re. servo aud imparting to mo cortaiu details nou- cerniug bis past. "Gradually ho became m ire communicative, aud I learnt that ho hail ones been a busy nud prosperous city mau, happy iu tho ecj jyment of the pleasure of everyday life, when troubio oast her fcosvy hand upon him. To bovin with, he had an only nou —ft youth of great promise — who, at tho ago of Id, repaid his father's care and iudulgemo by running awey to sea. This wns a great blow in itself, but was not oil, as tbo boy's mother, novor a strong womsn, collapsed entirely and died within a few months of a broken hoort Thou it was that tho poor uilliotod man felt ho could no longer pursue his ordinary avo ration, und selling up Ids business and tho wholo of bin property fled for rcposo to too spot where I found him. Although 10 years hod olapsed without word from his son, ho still cherished tho h '.po that the boy would return, if only in timo to close his father's eyes ; and said he, " Did my sou but know how my heart hungers for him, and tho forgiveness that awaits hirn, ho would not longer delay bis return." Ho then, iu u vary exsited state, proceeded to tell mo that ho had hidden away tbo bulk of his life's earnings for tho benefit of that son who hud proved so un worthy, and that tho dooumont rovoaling its whereabouts, together with a will in tho buy's favour, wore to bo fouud upon him. Hero I ventured to remonstrate with him upon tho im propriety of mentioning this faat aloud iu such a place, and involuntarily glanced aiound to satisfy myself that there had born no third party within elirebot. What was my astonishment to dUoovor, not mote than a dozen paecs from whom wo stood, nn individual of moat unprepossessing appear ance, who I hud no doubt had heard every word to which tho old man had given uttoruuee, and was even then endeavouring to slink away unobserved. Without a momout'a hesitation I dropped my rod nnd gavo chuan to the indi vidual, who, finding himself di.-tooverod ewos- dropping, showed us a "clean pair of luols " Being fleeter of foot '.mm I, ho was ouiblod to eludo capture. I was forced to acknow ledge myself baffled, and nandn tlio beet of my way back to the spot where I hud loft iho old won. Von may imagine I found him in a very per turbed statu of mind ; bat, in epito of all my entreaties, 1 could not induce him to leave h\s hnt, for a timo at least, aud aojompany nm to safer quarters. However, as ho and I mst togoihor every day for at least a week after this oveut, au-1 nothing had transpired to cxcito further nlarrn, I made up my mind thntmv fears for tho old man's safety were groundless, and dismissed the matter from my thoughts. About this tims bad woathcr set it, aud I was kept a prisouer at my lodgings owing to the heavy ruins and gales whioh for days rendered falling impossible. Ouo ovening 1 felt far from well, and was sitting alone in my room endenvonring to pass awny tho time in reading; but do what I would I could not settlo my mind upon the novel boforomo. After several vain attempts I threw down the book and sat musing in my chair. Moohanioally, my thoughts rovertod to tho old gentleman who had of lato been my daily companion. I wondered how ho was faring in his poor tenement, which I was sadly afraid was sorry proteotion at suoh a time as this. By aud by I retired to rest, and I sap- pose had slept bat a couple of hours when I awoke with a start, feeling oertain that some body bed passed a hand across my faeo. I sprang out of bed instantly, struck a light, and looked round the room, but no person oould I ceo. The door was looked just as I had loft it, and I waB forced to believe that it was pure fancy on my part— no doubt I had had the nightmare. I blow ont the light and returned to my bed, when I instantly . experienced a feeling that I was not alono. I strained my eyeB into tbo darkness, and whilst doing so thought I heard a moaning sound, apparently just outsido my room. This sound gradually came nearer and nearer to my bedside, when suddenly a flash as of lightning lit up the room, and to my horror I beheld the old mau standing before me, beokoning mo to follow him. Find ing my voice at last, I aoooBted him, but re ceived no reply. Ho still stood in the samo attitudo, only that now his beokoning beoarao more frantiu, and as I gazod I folt a thrill run through mo from hoad to foot, and tho figure seemed togain amesmoriopower ovormo. With- out really knowing whatl did iBlippod out of bed, aud to my astonishment found that I was putting on my olotbea as inothodioally as at any other timo, finishing by unlooking tho door aud making my way out of tho house. Still, under iho influence that I cannot oxplain, I followed my guide, and presently noticed that ho took tho path I was in the habit of using whon pro ceeding to tho rivor. Tho wind howled and shrieked amongst the trees as wo hurried on, but strange to say I had now lost all the tool ings of dread whioh had at first taken posoission of mo. I seemed to bs noting entirely under instructions from a stronger will than my own. All at onoe I found myself alone. My guide had suddenly vanished into air,' leaving me pnzzled in tho oxtreme. I was now almost alongside the old man's hut, and whilst I was debating as to whether I should seek to gain admittanoo, I heard foot steps behind me, and immediately a figure brushed paet me that I fancied I had seen before— bat whore ? My memory refused to assist me. I hailed tho man ; then, as he did not appear to havo hoard me, I called out in a still louder voioe. No response. The man appeared to bo so intent upon some pur- pose or other that ho ucitlior soemod to' hear' or Eoo anything around him, but woat straight ahead, not stopping till ho roaohod tho hut. Ho then paused and knookod smartly at tho ittledoor. It was shortly nf towards opono-1 by tho old umn, who stood on tho threshold peering iuto tho darkness, with a lautern ruiso.l above bis bead. What thu two wero saying aa tbey stood I hero I oould not mako out for tho noise tho wind mado through tho troos, bat iro- sontiy the straugor followed my frioad inside, nud shortly afterwards I heard sounds of a struggle, then a wild shriek, followed by a heavy fall. RiiBhing to tho door I tried to open it, but it was fast, and for some timo rofistied all my efforts to burst it opon ; at last it yielded. I staggered forward into tho room, and by thn light of tlio lantern which stood upon a re lo table, I beheld a fearful spootoolo, for thoro, u: i my foot, lay tho ot<l man n oorpso— with tho blood streaming from a wound in his ohost, and n knifo buriod iu his throat — foully murdered, but by whom f As I stood gazing spellbound, tho door lending iuto tho only otb-r room, that in whioh the old man used to Bleep, opened, and a man came forth, bearing in ouo hand a heavy oudgel, und iu the other a small packet of papers. Ono look at his face was ouough— the mystery was solved. Tho man who stood hoforo mo was tho samo to whom I hud given ohaso a fortnight previously, and tho p ipers now in his possession, without doubt, oontaiuod tho old man's seorot. Alas ! My forohu, lings had proved ouly too true. Tho murderer re cognised me instantly, and a most iliabulioal look overspread his oouutenanoo, as ho strode towards mo. Befero I had timo to seize nuy weapon in self-dofetico ho was upon mo nud lrisMDg out, "I foiled you oueo, und now you loso tho game," raised his arm to strike. Tun next instant ho donltrae a frightful blow on the head, felling mo to tho floor, aud I romembjrod nothing further. When I reooverod consciousness I found my- Belf lying in my own bed, fooling wonk nud dizzy, nnd suffering grent pain. Involuntarily I raised my huml to" my hend, which I dis covered was enveloped in bandages. I cried aloud, nud a femtilo voieo uuswei'ed, enjoining mo to keep perfectly quiet, and on no'ueoonut to nttempt to usk any questions. I'resaatly a class was placed to my lips nnd I v/ai ordered to drink. Moekauionlly I obeyed, i> dt-iito of drowsiness supervened, und I fell into a dor p slcen. When I ngaiu awoke I fait rather better, to find thut a dootor was bonding over me. My first words to him were, " Dal you find iho oid grutlumm ?" ' Don't excito your self, my poor fellow," r-aid the doctor. " You bavo had a nasty noeideut, but I boliovo with envo yon will soon bo yourself again." "Na.ity ueeident !'' I exclaimed, "I tell yon it was no accident, the man intended to murder mo ad ho did my poor friend." A look of bDuk bo- wilderii'iiuc wns his auAwec. nud then, seeing bis pitying glaneo, I remarked, " You believe I am ruving, but I oan assure yon I am as s mo us yon aro and I tiion recounted tho atraago adventure? through whioh I had pass»d. " Non sense," muttered tho dootor. ' Why, man alive, you bavu not loft, this room for a week." Ho thou proceeded to tell mo thut lato ono evening my landlady hud hoard aa riuuwnl noise proceeding fiorn my room, aud after knocking at tlio door and receiving no reply entered, only to find lhat I had fallen heavily from tbo chair in whiuh I had no duubt been aslosp, and had etruok my head against tho fonder, iuflioiiug a ghastly wound, and, us n natural consequence, days of delirium had BCK'oeedod, Before tho doctor left I had exacted from him a promise that ho would huva search aud inquiry made, but his looks told mo plainly thut ho attached no credence whatever to my etr. y. Weil ! after tho lapse of about a woek, I was ooxsidtrod sulUoiently convalescent to ha allowed my liberty, aud thou I loarnt tint a search party bad prucoeded to tho old mau's hat and fouud matters wore ai I desoribed An inquiry was held by tho village ooronor, ired on opeu verdlot returned, then my poor friend's decomposed romsins wore aooordod tho rites of burial. After this fishing wua, of coarse, cut of the question ; I paoked up my traps ami Uft for homo— a sorry ending to uitoh a promising holiday. I endeavoured to rnsumo practice, hut found I could not settle down at all. Somothiuq within mo told mo my first duty was to bring tbo murderer to justioo, but how to sot about it was quite another question. Ono nvoning, not lung after my return, as I was sitting iu my study, a. stranger was ushered in to me. ,1 hogged Mm to bo seated, and asked wlnt I could do for him. "You aro Dr. Aiuilie, are voa not?'' ho inquired. 1 answered iu tho nfiirmativo. Ho then stated tout ho was Mr. Arhur Alloa, tho son of tho gentleman who had boon mur dered at Allinton, and had lately returned to bio native city, only to learn that hiu tuothor wuo no moro, and that his father hud long luff, tho place. After muoli troublo ho sacoeodod ia treeing bis whereabouts, but found ho lx-icl arrived too into. From soma of the villagers bo gleaned particulars of my strango story, and at onco set out toafind iro. I gave the poor sorrowing fellow a full recital, ami nsiurod him I would afford him overy'assistuuee in my power in tracking tho murderer. At thid point ho rose to leave, but as ha turned towuvds tho door started vioiuutiy, ev olaimiug in horrified aooeuts, " Groat honvens, look there, my poor father." Before us stood tho spootrvl form of tho o'd man, regarding liis 'son with ft wistful and yearning look that was pitiful lo behold. "Father I futhor ! speak to ma," sobb>d out tho poor young man, " nay what yon wish mo to do." Then in Blow and mournful accents the speotro spoke — "Arthur, my bolovod biu, rest not, I prey thoe, till thou has brought to retribution tby father's ussassin. There stands cno who shall diroot thoe in thy soaroh ; leave hirn not." As suddenly as it had appoxred thu figure vanished, and we woro alono. Tho young man fainted at my foot, aud it wus aomo time before I oould restore consciousness, after which I had a bed prepared for him, arid ho beoamo my guest. For tho noxt day or two wo did littlo eleothun talk about tho Htrenga visita tion, and discussed divers plans in referenda to our projooted search. Ono ovoning, as wo woro sitting smoking on tho veranda in front of the house, a peculiar sensation stole over me. I at onoo understood its moaning, and turning to my oompanion said, " Mr. Allen, I hav a presentiment that some unseon power is again at work withia mo, whatever I do, wherever I go, bear mo com pany." Immediately my identity seemed to fersako me, I was once more a mors tool, the means to an end. Re-entering the hoose, I paokod my valise and started out into tho night. Whore I pro ceeded, what route I took, I knew not; aud after travelling for what seemed an age, I found mjeolf in the interior of a gambling saloon in the sonth of Franoo. One glanos around tho room was suffioiout. I understood my mission at onco, for there, seated at one ot tho tables, waB the mu'dorer. Stepping up to him, I plaood my hand upon his shoulder, oxolatming " Vilo assvssiu, at last I havo found you!" His faoo assumed a a ashen hue, but only for Bn instant, as forgetful of his surroundings he sprang to his foot, unl with a frightful oath ojaoulated— What, again? I thought I had olowod you up for over, along with that damned old miser ; but you shan't osaapo mo now !" and saving this, he rushed at mo with knife uplifted. Be fore it could descend a shot was fired from be - hind me, aud tho ruffian fell at my foot. This broke tho spoil. "What is this? Whore ami?" I cxolaimed aB I regained my natural statu and nolf-con'rel aud found myself standing iu the midst cf an excited throng. Tho mystery was soon explained— tho man who had fired the Bhot was nono other than Arthur Alien, who had, true to his fathor's oommand, followed me in my wanderings, taking with him two English deteotive officers whoso ser vices ho engaged direotly he had seen my pre parations for departure. Tho rest is soon told. Tho murderer was not brought to tho gallows, as tho wound ho reoeived terminated fatally. But before his death he made a full ocnfeaBlon of his crime, und restored to young Allm tho remnant of his father's fortnno, now only somo £6,000 or. £6,000) the hnlk'having been squandered at tho gaming tables. Tom! my story iaonded, and I trust I have not bored you. with its details. < Should you be still inolined to ridioulo my theory I would ask your explanation of the following points : How aid it huppon that I was at the lonely hat on that awful night a witness to tho torriblo orimo ? Tho dootdr swore that I had not loft my lodg- "ings, being iucapaoltatod by my aooident from doing so. You cannot toll me P My answer is my form : may havo been nt home, hut I was nt tho hut. Thon, ngaiu, why did ' tho , murderer assort that he thought ho had slain mo along with tho old man.' ' He bbW mo before him as ha struck mo down. No, tho spirit of tbo old man found in m; a porfent medium, aud usod mo aa it would, not oven appearing to tho son till hb was ia my prcecnoo. Am I n believer in ghosts F Most emphati cally I answor " Yes." 