IRoveltet. In Love's Crucible. By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER I. TUE GHOST OF THE FAST. For fifteen long years Hartleigli Hall had held its doors shut to -friends and strangers alike; for f:fti en long years a shadow had hovered over it. and the gloom of a dead past had filled it. Ttao silence of a buried life lisd brooded there, and the people had learned to shun it. And now, of a sudden, the doors had been thrown open, and life and gaiety, beauty and fashion thronged its erstwbiie gloomy chambers. Fveiy window gleamed joyously with tho warm blaze, and soft, melting strains of music mingled with the hum of sweet voices and tho rustle of silks and satins; and white shoulders gleamed, and bright eyes flashed with Cupid's artillery, and hearts were lost and won. And the lawn3 and drives were gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants; and the pebbled driveway crunched under springing hoofs and grinding wheels. And the gloom and silence of Hartleigli Hall were driven away. ,. I Some there were there who had known the Mad Dick Hartleigh of twenty-two years agone, and . these were curious to see the changes time and sorrow had wrought in the mau whose wild exploits had set the sober world a gog. And others there were to whom he was only a name, and they looked to seo what manner of man this was who had started life with almost an unlimited wealth and a title that went back nearly a thousand years; who had in his youth startled England with his caprices, and who had lived a miserly recluse for fifeeen years only to end by opening his magnificent mansion to feasting and mirth. And. when they entered the drawing room, what did they seo ? They saw a tall, thin man, of per haps fifty-five years of age, with a clean-cut patri cian face, distinguished by the Hartleigh grey blue eyes and well-formed mouth—a thorough specimen of old English nobility, who greeted his guests and welcomed them with a courtliness which smacked of the manners of tho old world that had known him as Mad Dick Hartleigh. He was not a whit embarrassed; he did not explain why the hall had been closed to them for so many years, but bore himself with the well-bred ease of the man who is aware of nothing extraordinary in what he is doing ; and with polished ease leaned one white, thin hand upon the arm tf his nephew, Guy Hartleigh, as he went about introducing the young man and doing the honors of the even ing. Heir as he was to the title and estates, Guy was even less known than Sir llichard, though his boy hood, too, had been spent near the Hall; but since his boyhood he had visited the Hall ODly at Etatcd intervals, and for a brief period at those times. His relations to the old man had been of the coldest and most formal kifid, never reaching the length of affection, and always constrained. To him the Hall had ever been an awesome place, and no one of tho gay throng was more surprised than he to see tho old place radiant with light and jojous with mirth and mnsic. Guy was a Hartleigh. Everybody raw that at a gianc;. He had in full measure ail the qualities I for which Ids race bad been famous. Tall, stal warl, erect, sntl bold of bearing as one of the ancient Vikings, he was yet a patrician from the ta wny hair of his head to the well-shaped feet which he u:-ed so gracefully in the mazy wind ings -.f tho wa! x. Aud for all the strangeness of ik? gathering, he did not fail to enter into the enjoyment of it with all the zest and ardour of youth. Tlio bail was a success, so everybody agreed. It was threatened to be stiff; bat, as the little Lady Gladys Vyntr said, who could resist the infectious gaiety of Guy Hartleigh ? Nobody, apparently, for after the first feeling of wonderment at finding themselves in a house which most of them had come to look upon as a tomb they one aud all abandoned themselves to the enjoyment of the occasion, and made the walls ring again with their joyous mirth. ^ -j. It was three o,clock before the last gueBt left the Hall; and then the tired servants hastened to extinguish the lights on the lawn' and in the house, so that before Guy had returned, after put ting pretty Lady Gladys into her carriage, he found himself, with something of the old boyish shudder, in the same gloomy Hall of the past. His uncle, tooKhad disappeared,. aud Guy, with a shrug of his broad shoulders, told himself that, after the one gladdening glimpse of joyous life, .the old cheerless life was to be taken up again. Aud if that were so, what was to become of him ? He would not consent to bury himself there, as his uncle had done. He wo old return to the con tinent rather than that; and with this thought in his mind, he turned from the drawing'room aud made his way to the library, where he could have a last smoke before retiring. A lamp was still burning in the library, and he was about to light his cigar when a noise in the adjoining room attracted his attention, and he turned his head to listen. ' Is that you, Guy V demanded a voice. * Yes, sir.* ' It was his uncle who had spoken. The room was dark; and Guy wondered what the old mau was doing there at such a time. It was a sort of dis connected picture-gallery, aud was used for the protraits of the late generations of the Hart leigh.s. * Come in here, Gay; I would like to say a-few words to you, if you are not too tired to talk with mo.' * Not at all. I was going to sit up and smoke a cigar before going to bed. * Bring your cigar in here; and if there is a candle, there, bring that, too.' Guy lighted his cigar, and lifting the lamp car ried it into the gallery. His uncle sat, in a great arm-chair, with a weary wistful expression in his usually stern impassive face. He motioned Gay to a chair, aud after a pause, which Guy occupied in idly puffing the cigar smoke in circles from him, Sir Richard asked, abruptly, but not unkindly: * Do you know why I gave this hall to-night, Guy T | * I understood it was to introduce me." ' Bnt you pre three years past -your majority. "Why should I wish to introduce you now, more than three years ago, at the age when such things are commonly done—can you guess?' ' No, sir, though I have tried to do so.' * You are heir to the title and the estate, but c-xceptat my will you could neTer have en joyed a peuiiv of your inheritance until my ' I know that, sir, and I am very grate ful ' ' It is cot for that that I speak now. Listen. Tho estate is a good one, and, by my will or not, you will at my death be in possession of a fair in come; but there is an immense fortune, part of which I inherited and more of which 1 have ac cumulated, which can be disposed of according to my own wish. I have bad yon educated, and I have always provided for you with the one idea of leaving to you this wealth, which has never done j me any good.' .. .... 1 Guy murmured something ia the nature of thanks for this promised munificence; his uncle, however, took no notice of his words, but, as if ho had not heard them, went on : ' I havo watched you can fully, and I have so , much confidence in you that 1 do not now hesi tate to ask of you what with another 1 would mak-3 a condition of the bestowal of this wealth.' t'~ j ' I am glad it is a request rather than a condi tion,' said Guy, with quick pride, i ' You would have resented the condition, per ! haps even refused it ?' queried Sir Richard, with an anxiety he made no effort to con ceal. j ' I am a Hartleigh ?' was the proud an swer. ' But the request ?' ' Is acceded to without hesitation. I make no reservation, for I know it is as little likely that j you would ask, as that I would grant, anything that could not be done with honor.' ' It is true; but you must know the request be fore you grant it.' Sir Richard let his head fail upon his baud as he said this, and for several minutes did not open his lips. There was so little of the old familiar | sternness, and there was so much of repressed i sorrow in his uncle's tone aud manner, that Guy ! felt a new sentiment coming to life inliis generous | young heart. It seemed to him that in place of i the hard, repellent old man he had accustomed I himseif to see in his uncle, there was ono who needed bis affection and support. He put his band out with a frank, generous gesture, charac- ! teristic of him, and would have spoken ; but the j older man seemed to comprehend, for he looked up -with a smile as sad as it was rare on his face, ' and taking the hand in both of his for a moment, gave it a gentle pressure, which seemed to say, * 1 know what you would say, and I thank you. Then he dmpptd it, and rising painfully to his feet, said, brokenly; ' Guy, you bare known me a silent, unlovc-ly man. A miser, some have called me; a misan thrope, others. 1 have been n;ithc-r, but a suffer ing, self- condemned wretch. The cause you b' a'l know.' He drew a tiny key from his pocket, and ap- : proaching what looked like a large cabinet resting against tho wall, inserted the key and unlocked it, i The doors swung open, and there was revealed ' to Guy's astonished eyes the portrait of a sur passingly beautiful woman. Many times had Guy stopped wondcriugly b:fore this seeming cabinet, but never had ha snspected what it really was. He turned to Sir Itichard wilh a look of j inquiry. ' My wife,' vera the only words he spoke, and then turned away with such a look of agony on his face that Guy's kind heart went out to ! him. lie would have gone to his eido and given him that silent sympathy which men like, but he felt that it would bo wiser m.t; solie stood looking up at the lovely face, which seemed to be smiling down at him, in a trustful, tender way that be spoke his confidence, in spiie cf the story he vaguely remembered to have heard of her. By and by his uncle returned to his side, and asked him, softly : L G 1 ' Could you believe her to he falec?' ' No,' answered Guy, in his fearless way. ' Sit down. Twenty years ago to-day 1 married Constance Faulker. She was young, and as you see, rarely beautiful. 1 loved her, and 1 believed she loved mo. And when 1 say 'love,' 1 mean ell the word can moan. Adoration, worship, devo tion. 1 had been, as you no doubt have heard, wild as few men are.. Mad Dick Hartleigh 1' be said with a sigh. 'The name tells the story. Butafter my marriage 1 was as faithful and true as 1 had been unstable and wild before. Two ! years after our marriage a child was born to us— a girl. We were very happy. So happy that for ! five years we shut ourselves from the world, con tent with each other; but then I one day met an old friend, one X had loved as Damon loved Pythias. I invited him to the Hall, to renew the 1 friendship of the old days. One day 1 returned : unexpectedly, to find him at the feet of my wife, speaking words of love to her. He slept not again in this house." The old man lowered hi3 voice. 'He went with me to Prance, and there 1 left him dead. When 1 returned to my home, my wife was gone—my wife and my child,' The prematurely gray head dropped on the thin white hand, and the silence of anguish and despair fell upon him. GuyBaid not a word, but his broad chest rose and fell, and his eyes filled with a sympathetic moisture that did him honor. All thereservo and the coolness of the past melted away, and the young heart and the old throbbed to gether. Presently tho old man looked np .with a pathetic smile, and continued; ' 1 did not seek to bring her back. 1 doubted j even that the child was mine. 1 asked noques tions ; 1 would not even look npon the things that were hers. 1 shut up the Hall and went abroad. Five years later 1 came back here, my heart hardened and fnll of scorn for myself. 1 went through the rooms, scoffing at myself, to ] see them just as she left tbem. 1 went even to her chamber and tossed over tbe ! dust-covered articles on her toilet- table, try- j ing to make myself believe 1 did not care. And my heart was crying out all the time 1 Guy,', his voice sank to a low whisper,' as X turned over the laces and jewels that lay there I came upon a yellow, time-stained envelope addressed to me. | It was in her writing. I tore it open; I know j not what I thought to find in it; bnt, oh, Great Heaven ! it showed her to me as white and spot less a3 the angels themselves. She,who had gone away in her innoconce, knowing myfnrions anger and unreasoning passion, had left that letter, hiring that I would read it and follow her for her forgiveness. I sought her then, but, alas 1 it was too late. I hired detectives to search for her, and for years they searched in vain; hut at last they , came upon her and her child in America. But just as they were about to communicate with her she unaccountably disappeared. Then again they searched, and agaiD found her, only to he baffled in the same way. Time and again tnesamethiug happened, until it seemed to me that she must be trying to elude me. X did not dare go seek her myself, fearing, I know not why, that if I did some diro misfortune would befal her and the child. Now she is uead.' Jj C - He arose and paced the floor, not, however, with the assured step Guy had been so accus tomed to see, bat feebly and totteringly. But it calmed him, and in a few minutes he resumed hie aeat and took up the story again: 1 ' The child is found, a young woman now; and it only remains to bring her home. Home, Guy ! I daranot go, and every day I fear to receive a telegram saying that she, too, has disappeared again. Guy's handsome face lighted up, and he spoke eagerly, ' You will let me go for her ? If. she disap pears again, I will trace her. 1 will find her and bring her to yon. That is what you would ask, is it not? It is what I would do. Tel! me what you-know of her whereabouts. Where is -she now ?' ' In San Francisco. But it is much to ask of you.' 'It is nothing. I can be quite ready by to morrow. We will not delay a moment more than is necessary. I am not only willing, I am eager to go.' 'But, Guy, there is more to be said,' 'More? What is it?' asked Guy, uneasily, for there was a 6trange expression in Sir Bicliard's face. * Can you picture what my child must be.having led 1 lie life she has ?' ' But what doeB it matter ? She is your daugh ter and my cousin. You doubt how I will receive one who 13, perchance, ignorant and uncouth? Doubt no longer. She is the victim of an injustice, and I as well as you will do what is in me to rec tify it.' ' All, Guy; as noble as a Hartleigh I it applies to you as it never did to me. But have you con sidered—have you thought—do you ' ' You hesitate. Tell me, without reserve, what is in your mind.' ' Guy, there is but one way to place my daugh- j ter right before tho world.' ' And that is ?' J ' By her marriage with one who is her social equal.' Guy looked down as if studying the full mean ing of the words, and then looked up with a frank smile, and putting both hands out to his uncle, said: ' I understand you. Tbi3 is the request, that 1 marry your daughter ?' ' I noticed your attentions to Lady Gladys to night.' 1 She is pretty, and I was' attracted; but it might never have gone any further. At least it shall not. I will find your daughter, and, if she will have mo, will make her my wife. And,uncle, I do it with a cheerful heart and without one mis giving. ' Heaven bless you, Guy ! I donot deserve this from you." i 