MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, 12TII SliPTKHBElt, 1891. Tuilnurronb story that an .American lms succeodod seven times in eilit in lirealciu; up a drought by exploding dynamite in tlio clouds is uot so well authenticated at pre sent that wo can build voi'v much on it. Thoro is thus much in its favor, iliat heavy -cannonading has often been supposed (o living on rain ; and tints much against it, that tlio same experiment has often been tried unsuccessfully. If wo assume, however, that the present plan has succeeded because the laws of nature allow rain to ho distributed in this way, a number of interesting questions will arise. Will it he fair, for instance, for tlio people of tho United States to intercept tho showers that would otherwise pass across the Atlantic and descend upon the meadows of England ? Thoso who think with Bishop Moorhouso that prayers for ram are undesirable' or wrong have always boon a littlo influenced hy the view that it was selfish to ask God to give us the rain which our neighbors were presumably wanting. Here, however, will tlio question arise whether it is right to intercept tho water supplies which Providence apparently destiuod for other parts of the world, and whether it is not in foot as if a strong country in time of faminu wero forcibly to intercept tho fond for which a weak country is prepared to pay ; or as if Austria wero to turn tho upper course of tlio Danube into canals, so as to leave Bulgaria and Wallaciiia divided only by a dry ditch. It is scarcely prohahletliat much weight will bo attached to tlicso considerations. In tlio case supposed, indeed, tlio Americans -may fairly argue that much mure rain than they will over require habitually wastes itself in the Atlantic, and that Engtisli science must devise the means for procuring its snflicicnb supply. On the whole, the world bocius more likely to gain ttian to lose by this particular method. There havo been other plans, howover, that would involve more important consequences. Five and twenty years ago the defeated Southerners of the United States, in their bitterness against England for not assisting them, were consoling themselves that as soon as the Isthmus of Panama was pierced the Gulf Stream would ho diverted, and Eng land would .be reduced to the climate of Labrador. There aro still schemes on foot for piercing the Isthmus, hut as the last and most feasible includes locks, it would .make no diflcreuce to the temperature of tlio soa on the west coast of Britain. Supposing, howover, the old plan of a level cutting to ho carried uuv, .urn lu UUYU sou cuuee contemplated, it becomes an interesting question to decide whether Great Britain would not bo justified in making war to save herself from national extinction. Tliero is another scheme which has often been seriously dis- cussed in French scientific circles, for a cutting by which tho waters of tlio Mediterranean should- he allowed, to How out into the Sahara, ami so to convert it into an inland sea. Wo need noo iiouiiie ourselves much about this plan, as it rested upon the assump tion that. tlio Sahara was below the level qf tho sea, whereas it is, as a rule, considerably higher ; but wo limy say with a good deal of certainty that, if the plan were feasiblo and wore carried ont, tlio level of the Mediterranean would he changed, and Marseilles and Toulon would 1m seriously injured as ports. Beyond tins, as ii cold wind from the sea would replace the hot wind that bus hitherto blown from tho sands, tho whole climate of the South of Franco and of the North of Italy woiiltl bo transformed for the worse ; and the invalids who now go to the Riviera would have to migrato to the South of Italy or to Greece. The famous Erasmus Darwin conceived tlio idea that if icebergs wore rigged up with sails the' winds would soon drive them into southern latitudes, whero tlioy. would " cool with arctic cold the tropic year." With, all possible respect for the philan thropy of the philosopher who desired to bring ice within easy roach of the negro, it ;is impossible not to reflect with horror on the possible consequences of a fqw hundred additional icebergs adding to tiio torrors of the New foundland fogs, and making a voyage from England to America almost as dan gerous os a forlorn hope. Neither would the averago Englishman or 'American readily conscut to havo the climato of Ids own country spoiled, and the sum- mere made oven more sombre than they are, in order that tlm resident at Sierra Leoue might havo tho price of iced cocktails reduced. Fortunately, this particular scheme is as impracticable as that for making tho Mediterranean flow up hill over the Sahara; and the niaritimc nations are movo likely to comhino , for destroying or diverting icobergs on their way south than for bringing thoin into tlio track of ships and near to any inhabited country. Although, liowover, it is not likely that any scientific discovery will produce inter national. complications, we ore certainly justified in thinking that applications of science on a gigantic scale are bound to alter tlio relative importance of nations. We all see this in cases relating to warl France, for instance, is said to have dis covered an explosive compound of unrivalled ellicaoy, called Fortes; to have nearly- perfected a submarine boat, and to . he experimenting hopefully iu tlio direction of flying liiacliiucs. She is hot likely to lake hoi watuliful neighbors alCogothnr hy sur prise, hut if -she really possessed a lleob that could cross tho Channel unobserved, and flying machines that cquld be steered, and that could drop tons of murderous oflieaoy with nbsoluto precision into any, given Gorman fortress, it is scarcely . .un reasonable to supposo that the chances of peace in Europo would bo soriohsly impaired. Tlio real safeguard for Europe is that its nations are a littlo alive to tiie risks of war, and a littlo scrupulous about letting looso its horrors; but if a l'ctor the Great came to tiio tlirono of China and sot himself to buy up tlio host engineering talent of the West, I10 might givo tlio strongest of his neighbors somo years of disquiotudo. Evon whon it aims purely nt poaceful and industrial results, science is not always a safe friend, espe cially whon It takes to crude experimenting.' There is tho well known caso of a dis tinguished English botanist, who natura lised an Amorican wood in tlio water ways of tho Eastern 'counties 'with such Kuccoss that it almost miido navigation impossible, and had to ho kept down for a timo at enormous cost. Tho cases iu which the destruction of forests lias changed tho climato and turned fertile land into wasto aro so nnmcroqs that '.they suggest a doubt whether tho Stato ought not in many cases poworfully to restrain so dangerous an industry as tlio timber cutter's. Again, wo can imagine a double process going on— an .increased simplicity of life making our wants less, and an increased fortihty of mechanical processes, so that what wants there we, re should be morn readily '. supplied ; and in this way it is possible to suppose , that tho domand for man's labor might ho enormously reduced. In short, n, pessimist might argue that wo aro approaching tho consummation dreaded by the people of Erewhon, and - that machines are beginning to govern men instead of men governing machines. Happily, there is at least as much 'to be said on the hopeful side of tho question. So much of tho earth is imperfectly peopled, and indeed so "much that -was once populous is desert, . that for a couple' of centuries tho human race need scarcely trouble itself about more than increasing and multiplying and keeping at peace. This new discovery of calling down rain at will, or nearly so, may he invaluable for mitigating droughts, even if it is not of universal efficacy ; and tho wealth and labor of generations will he needed to restore Central Asia and North Africa and Central and South America to what they once were. No one could complain if Persia under a civilised administration were to renew her old prosperity, so that a country three times as large as France, and once studded with great cities, might maintain a reasonable population, instead of as it now does one that is not half .as large again as Belgium can boast. In fact, everywhere there is room for work of the most useful kind. As to great international works, the Suez Canal and the Mont Cenis and St. Gothard tun- ncis are wo greatest, instances or wliat enn he done ; and the Suez, Canal has blessed England, which it was expected to curse, while the Alpine tunnels have been such unmitigated blessings that it is only a question how far they shall be multiplied. The day will probably come when tho English Channel will be tunnelled, under or bridged over, in spite of the opposition of alarmists. It may even lie that nil enter prises which practically afloat more nations than one or two will always he carried out under international guarantees, so that they may not be misused for any selfish purpose. Meanwhile, if there is evon a faint possibility that the 'rain arrested in a tropical zone is diverted from a temperate latitude, that need not prevent us from hoping that some future discoverer may endow the north with a little more sun light or its equivalent. The tropical zone has nothing to fear from a diminution of heat. To be or not to be ! is tho question which the Rev. Mr. Addis discussed in a notable discourse on Immortality which he preached at, tlio Australian Clinreh last Sunday, aud tlio substance of which we publish in another column. To tho simple Christian who accepts his Bible as tho Book of Reve lation it professes to he, tlio answer is easy ; for the doctrine of life af tor death is aflirmed in it, not only by precepts, but by visible ap paritions of the dead. Mr. Addis, liowover, does not believe in apparitions. To him tho Witch of Endor is merely the modern Medium, and tlio materialisation of Samuel of no more evidential value than tho mate rialisation of Katie King, once so popular at Spiritualistic circles before Spiritualism began to go tho way of all dis- credited cults. Nor is his unbelief with out justification. A ghost is so completely outside of our terrestrial experience that tho impulse is to pronounce the persons who profess to have seen one to be the victims of an hallucination rather than to admit that one has actually appeared. And yet it cannot he denied that such persons are both very numerous and very credit- worthy. Addison and Johnson, for instance, are certainly among the' number. The former thinks that a man who owns to having seen a ghost is in a much more reasonable frame of mind than' the man who, in spite of the traditions of all nations and the reports of all historians, persuades himself that tho appearance of ghosts is fabulous and impossible. Dr. Johnson is very much of tho same opinion. To Miss Seward, who interrogated him on the subject, he said:— That " the dead are seen no more I will "not undertake to maintain against " the concurrent testimony of all ages "and all nations. There is no people ' among whom the apparitions of the dead "are not related and believed. This " opinion, which prevails as far as human " nature is diffused, could become universal "only by its truth." These authorities are thrown away upon Mr. Addis, who bases his belief in a personal immortality upon scientific rather than on supernatural grounds. If we have not a soul, or, as the Apostle finely cails it, a spiritual body, then mind and matter are merely two different phases of the same substance ; or, to put it in another way, what we know as mind is only tho property of what we know as matter. To admit tho truth of this proposition is to ho a materialist, and Mr. Addis altogether repudiates the conclusions of materialism. He cannot deny that the brain is the organ of mind, and that between the manifestations of the two there is such an unfailing sympathy that they might very well be taken to be identical ; but then he is confronted with the question, How can tliero he any thin" like relations of identity between that of which the differential attribute is thought and that of which tho differential attribute is extension ? The question, we need not say, has puzzled and will continue to puzzle a great many philosophers before it is solved, if indeed a solution is possible with our limited insight into the constitu tion of matter. From tho days of Socrates and before, the materialistic hypothesis and the spiritualistic hypothesis have divi ded tho empire of philosophy between tliom aiid nqthing short of a divine revelation can reconcile them. Perhaps tho nearest unaided approach to a reconciliation lms boon made by tho school of thinkers who say that we only know matter through' our senses, and that it is quite possible it may be something "other than it seems to them. It may, in fact, he only one of tho modes in which the otherwise lnscrut- ablo Spirit manifests itself. 'With materialists of this school, we venture to' point'' out to Mr. Addis to whom all materialists are alike inexcusable, that a denial of the doctrine of immortality or of an' existence after tho dissolution of the body is not necossarily a corollary from thoir confession. On tho contrary, they - will have no difficulty about granting Mr. Addts's hypothesis that our ghostly personality on tho other side of the grave may be as real and substantial as that of tho fat boy in Pickwick. The difficulty after all which besets tho controversy between this sort of mate rialist and tho spiritualist is one of termin ology. We can only speak of spirit in terms of matter, and we cannot directly translate matter in terms of spirit ; so that we may be quarrelling over a distinc tion without any real difference. All we can say we know is, that man is a thinking being because he has a brain; but it is quite as fair to argue that tho cerebral suhstance is tho product of mind as that mind is a product of tho cerebral suhstance. Thero must be an organising principle before there is organisation, and whether we call that principle tho vis viva of the ancients or the mind or soul of the moderns is immaterial to .tho argument. -- Whatever it is, it alone is the immortal part of our personality, bccause it alone had any existence-' prior to our incarnation, For we needn't -remind so well informed a Student of the subject that immortality iu tho future implies immortality in thu past. That which is immortal never has an ending, and therefore can never have hail a beginning. Plato, among others, believed that our souls lived before they were encarnalised ' in their present tenemonts ; and inexorable logic, as we see, domands it. Yet it is curious to notice what little inquisitiveiioss is shown about our pre-mundane state by most of us who, like Mr. Addis, would feign forecast our post-mundane destiny. ' It is the life after death, and nob tho life before birth, that absorbs all our interest; though a know ledge of the latter-would materially assist us to a speculative knowledge of tho former. In, fact, we may accept it as beyond dispute, that if ever science is able to bring tho future life within our intellectual grasp, it will only be after it has succeeded in exploring the secrets of our ante-natal one. Mr. Addis lays groat stress on the steady persistence of our conscious identity, in the midst of the ceaseless (lux of the atoms of -which we aro composed, ns cvi- dence of an indestructible principle within us which does not change with the changes of the body, and therefore may survive it. Throughout the seven ages of man this sense of identity is preserved 'un broken, except, indeed, by disease. A mad man may believe that lie is somebody clso than ho was or is ; hut a sound man can speak to a sense of unity almost from infancy to toothless old age. If tho material is changed, then that which remains unchanged cannot belong to . tlio material order. This we take to ho Mr. Addis's argument. It is tho common one ; but we cannot say that we have ever been very much impressed by it. Hard and dry materialists of the school of Buchner and G. H. Lewes get over it by replying that thmugh tho constituents of the brain are perpetually being destroyed and reconstructed, tho mode of their com position must be after a permanont type, and therefore tho mode of individual-conscious ness must be permanent also. This may ho a step, hut it seems to us a very imporfect step towards a solution of the phenomenon. When Mr. Addis says that tho particles of tho body are continually changing, he is only repeating what science tells him ; but science does not tell him that the change is instantaneous, and that tho old body is immediately replaced by a new one. What change there is must be gradual ; and indeed it is so gradual that we are not conscious of it. Reconstruction goes on simultaneously with decay, repair with waste. While a cell is in process of being broken down it is also in process of being built up ; and the new growth participates in the qualities of the old one and perpetuates thorn. Diseased tissue, for instance, will reproduce diseased tissue of -the same degraded type, as anyone may see for him self in tho case of an ulcer that will nob heal. There is no absolute breach of con tinuity in the physical body, in other words ; and therefore to plead that the Soul alone is not conscious of change is not a conclusive argument in favor of its non- corporeal nature, whether in man or in brute. Whether the consciousness of a presiding unity is or is not the best criterion we can nave of tho existence of a soul, however, tho fact remains that wherever there is a belief in the soul there is a belief in the soul's immortality. That a belief in a personal immortality must necessarily follow is another question. If we are immortal,, we must have had an ante-natal existence ; yet though Plato fancied that he caught glimpses of a previous state on which he framed his doctrine of reminiscences, he could not he said to be 'conscious of it. The idea of the persistence of the per sonality has been imported into tho discus sion by theologians of a philosophical bias and philosophers of a theological bias, because it seems essential to a theory of an 'after life which makes it a mere extension of the present one. According to this theory the emancipated soul beyond the grave mounts into a spiritual sphere corresponding to its affinities while imprisoned in tho body. But though there may be identity, what matters it whether there is personality or not?- It may seem of very little import ance to some of us whether tho soul he immortal or not, if it is not to carry tho pleasant memories of our life-experience with it. But. who ever complains that it has nob retained the memories of its ante- natal existence ? Nobody feels hurt that it parted with them at birth; and why should we insist that, it must retain them at its next transformation to complete our happiness? After all, it only concerns us to know that its next transformation will be determined by its earthly experience as certainly as tho fate of the man is determined by his life as a boy; and that we have the power to determine it a good deal in our own hands. If, as science and theology both teach, we are encouraged to dream of conscious states of existence arising by a natural process of evolution out of each preceding state, then tho grave may be tho vestibule to a life of a larger and more perfected insight, in which we may discover that time and space and personality are merely provisional forms of thought incidental to our earth- experience, and that the clouds which make that experience so dark and inexplicable to most of us will be dispersed in tho ampler oether and diviner air of a beatified World.' 