%ht §al\mit Jft*cc Jprcss. Ho at adcertariet do in lata. Strive mightily, but eat and drink a* friends. Wednesday Rob. 25, 1891* THE POLITICAL OUTLOOK. Within a week from to-day Mr. Dibbg will make another ' attempt to foist the doctrines of Protection on to this colony, j The financial statement will be made, and in order to provide revenue for an empty j treasury 15 per cent, ad-valorem duties will be proposed. Up to the present all the attempts of the restrictionist party to alter our fiscal policy have proved dis-1 mal failures. They have tried to sneak j in Protection, they have tried to bully the House into it, and now after discrediting our financial position in the London mar ket by manufacturing a deficit, they ask i for 15 per cent, duties, not for protective i purposes, but simply as a means of rais-1 ing revenue. All the energy and deter-" mihation of the Freetrade party must now.be brought into play to defeat thi<= latest move. Directly the question 1 of finance comes on the -Govern-1 ment must be challenged, and, it j is to be hoped, sent once more to j the cool shades of the opposition benches with which they are so familiar. When that unforeseen accident winch placed Mr. Dibbs in his present position occurred, it was generally anticipated 'tfyat he would win further laurels as a bungler, and that anticipation ha$ been fully realised. He first of all began to look for a deficit, 'and not finding a substantial one, by a little clever manipulation spon produced the desired article. His colleagues were soon introduced to it, and the news of our financial failure found its way to the don money market. Now the only result, from such a course as this was tue ;dls comfitiire of the preceding Government. The present ministry gained nothing froni it, but simply lost what little reputation they had as capable politicians. In! ad? dition to that triffing loss, they havej de stroyed all chances of successfully floating another loan, for perhaps years. Colo nial credit was shaky enough before this, but is infinitely worse since. Iij reply tQ this the ministry state that they desire to discontinue our borrowing policy,: and don't take much interest in the London money market. They must know, hoWv ever, that there are certain obligations en tered into by the preceding administra | tiori which must be carried out.' There | being little money in the treasury, it] will be absolutely necessary to apply >to. thew home money market before very lqrig," l and thus in damaging the country's credit, the Government have been woefully short sighted. j ' Bad as this blunder was, the announce ment of purposes was irifinitelyvfaftse. IfftHe first place protection resolutions have already i been twice rejected by the present House, 13nd unless some remarkable change of; front is shown by many members, the same; fate awaits next Tuesday's" resolution. Mr. Dibbs, latest plea for protection .is this: —It is necessary to raise revenue for the purplose of completing certain public work and fhe customs house is the ionly source from which that revenue can tie derived. It is evident, then that he and his colleagues are not advocating jpure protection but revenue tariffism. They don't want to keep the despised foreign goods out of the country, but simply to levy at 15 per cent duty.' The greater the importation of foreign goods,, the greater will be the revenue derived from thejciife' toms. Let the present Government 4ohre~ fairly out as advocates only - of revfenue tariffism and not in the garb of protect' ion. The country is eagerly watching for the'result of the comirfg struggle,! lieving that the result will largelyaffebtlfs future prosperity. / Once again tne labor party are masters of the situation and, it is really upon them that the fate of the Government depends. If the Government insist on their policy of plunder, and put their miscalled pro tection before anything else; then the third party will in all consistency be compelled; to dismiss them from the public service. They by resolution recently affirmed! the desirability of referring the fiscal question to a plebiscite vote, and cannot now go back on th^ir own openly expressed opin ion. They too have continually professed to tiaye Sunk the fiscal issue. a:rid, inj. re> jecting Mr. Copeland's : tariff resolutions during the session, confirmed- these -pro-., fessions. : Thus, if the labor party are. consistent; to their pledges and are not decoyed by tK#' blandishments ojf ;;Dibbs - and Co., the cause of commercial- freedom and liberalism is safe for some time to come. During the next few days organised efforts will be made to frighten them into a vote for protection, but if they will but stand as solidly as they have, in the. past, aud use their own judgment, protection won't " come " during the life of the present par liament. A lady known to the world'aa "Mrs. J. R. Aahton has recently justified the libels that are constantly in circulation concerning a woman's tongue. :She became a member of the Women's Suffrage League, and burning with a lofty desire to emancipate; her suffering sisters stated " that the time had come for at) alteration or blasphemous as it might seem the complete destruction of our present marriage Iowa.", This was pretty tall talk (or even a petticoated osopher, and excited a perfect storm of indignation, in the Metropolis. Leaders, and sub-leaders, < and' columns of correspondence appeared in the papers^ and by the time the roasting was over, Mrs. Asnto'n was done brown, " * There is a story of a-madman who onfce ' tfirid a, steam hammer for the purpose of destroyiig a ilea; and the tremendous amount of ink and editorial ability expeuded on this woman with the new ideas, reminds one forcibly 0f that pieoe of folly. If' the press had simply smiled on her ecaantrioities, and passed on, all would have been well. But as it is the dame now enjoys a notoriety which will make her preach some other fresh doctrine at the pext meeting of the Woman's Suffrage League. * • * Mr. G. H. Reid, the leader of the opppsition ,and the coming premier, is a sleek well-fed self-opinion ted lawyer and an able politician. Be has- for many years been lying low until 8ir Henry Parkes was off the boards, and now that the old warrior is pretty near the end of his political life, the oppor tunity has been seized. The freetraders of this colony will extend a hearty welcome to the new bnd brilliant leader. He is the only mau in the House who on personal grounds'is worthy of succeeding Sir Henry Parkes, and there is a probability of his displaying most of that gentleman's virtues without many of Bis vioes. .. • ... • i Lord Carriagton is at present posing as an extreme liberal in England. Beading between the lines, thin means that at the forthcoming general election'; in England the liberal party are likely toi' Boote a big victory. His Lordship, having an Ambition for political life, has adopted the popular cry, and this assumes the title of a " Liberal." How can any representative of English aristocracy adopt such a contradictory title ? Lords and Liberalism aw' pot at least in this colony related, The Sydney Socialistic fjgagae is as present suffer ing from a very severe attack of internal dissensions. This rBmarkable~body of-seoolariats, atheists, anar chists, and revolutionists. has never:faeeq a model happy family, and the last few weeks have seen , a series of revelations whioh threaten its early de struction; Two notabilities, known by thie re-, speotive names of S. A. ltoja and Con Lindsay, are at present engaged in mortal oombat, before their' fellow-socialists and the air is full of awful charge s ql treason and villany. When a body of|menjCui*t agree amonget themselves, there must be^ something wrong with the capse that calls them together. Truth always breaks down all differences, aud m3kes its adherents work together. V Mr. Barton in introducing his electoral Bill seemed chiefly coucerned about the rotes of dead iaen. Everything else sank into insignificance before tfja ghosts of departed electors, and a most elaborate provision is to be made with the object of making dead men record their votes in .spirit land. Now while everyone will sympathise with the attempt to do away with all forms of impersonation,- we .must say that the Attorney?General in his close atten tion to details loses sight of great principles whioh are necessary to complete representation. The bi}l wag. {e^lly q bfjd jigjtatiqn gf the one introduced by the previous Government. Russia is again in trouble. Ita down-trodilon, semi-civilized millions of slaves aro struggling with the most awful of visitations—famine. Tho cable announces that the Czar ha* granted monoy equalling £S,000.000 for the relief of tho sufforcra andtliatthe nobility are denying themselves luxur ies in order to keep up the reliel fund. There is a vein of grim irony in such announcements as that. The Ozar and his satellites extort enormous incomes from the peasantry, and with them keep on foot a system of militarism which is constantly endanger ing the peace of Europo. In return for. this they dole out a few millions to their victims in time of famine, and the tidings of their generosity are sent laroadoiist for the admiration of the world. Will the Csar ever consent to the alteration of the awful ays tern under which Ma subjects groan ? Will he grant them some measure of civil and religious liberty, and discontinue ihe extortions which crush from them all the virtues of citizenship. A grant of £10,000,000 will never atqnq for ccnturies of tyranny, injustice, and brutality.' " 