CÍK ê>l?î3îiry áíííorm'ng; Siraßi« TJlUESJ)ATt SEPTEMBER 17, 1891 . ?? ? ? o. THE British Mediterranean fleet, having; flnishod ita ordinary manouvre«, has loft tho waters of Mitylene. IN replying to tho Porto, Sir ?William Whito the British Ambassador at Constantinople, has ex- plained that a few sailors wero landed at Mitylono for gun practico. Tnrj Standard, in referring to the incident, says that if Russia extorts unfair concessions England will swiftly render them nugatory. TUB Berlin press asserts that if the reported occupation of Mitylene wore true, Germany would not object to it. IN Turkish and French circles tho manouvres of tho British vessels aro regarded as a warning to tho Sultan as to the probable futuro action of England. THE Governor has received a cable notification to tho effect that the latest intelligence from Constantinoplo is that tho news which led to the common ta regarding the British fleet at Sigri was based upon unfounded roports. It is authorita- tively stated that tho Britibh warships wero simply manoeuvring. DOUBTS aro expressed in London as to whether tho New South Wules loan will bo covered. Tho syndicates are undecided whether to take np the loan or not. THE feeling among bankers and other financial men in London is, that the timo for issuing tho loan is inopportune. Many leading financiera aro ahsont from the city upon holidays, and tho publio demand for stock of the new loan is small THESE Sydnoy banks, through their London offices, havo offered to invest one million sterling in tho Now South Wales loan of £4,500,000, lenders for which will bo 'opened in London to-day. THE Powers havo renewed their protest to the Chinese Court at Pekin against tho continued out- rages that toko place in China upon the persons and properties of foreign residents. Unless tho outrages aro suppressed a naval display is threatened. IT is reported that the naval reserves of Italy are being armed. IN another column appears an nrticlo cntitlod " The Truth About the Squadron," in which tho mattor of tho Mildura stokers is dealt with. M. nu GIEES, tho Entsinn Minister for Foreign Affairs, will visit Paris. ITAIIY has ordered 12 torpedo boats to ho built. BAEON HXESCH counsels tho Russian Jews to havo patience, and not to attempt headlong and reckless flight from tho country. Thoso ignoring the action of tho organised committee, which is working with the oonsent of tho Government, will not bo assisted. ME. AENOUJ WHITE asserts that tho Russian, decree against the Jews is constantly enforced with increasing severity. IN the famino-strickon districts of Russia acts of brigandage and murders aro frequent. Tho har- vest has entirely failed in 13 provinces. THE Daily News states that tho cheapness of money favours the placing of tho now loan, though it reçoives little attention. THE Times says that tho most alarming feature in connection with £hi corruption disclosures in Canada is its closo alliance betweon fraud and party organisation, owing to tho existence of needy professional politicians. AN extensive plant for the manufacturo of champagno has been purchased atRioms in Franco for uso in the Great Western Vineyard in Viotoria. THE olerk of tho Doutsoho Bank in Berlin who recently absconded after having, in collusion with a broker, defrauded the bank of a largo amount, has boon captured in New York. Two hundred and sixty claims havo boon lodged for damages accruing in Newfoundland through French ships stopping the looal boats engaged in tho herring nahorios. IN Toledo tho floods wore so sudden as to sur- prise people asleep. About 1500 inhabitants of Consuegra wero drowned. THE Archbishop of York has boon onthroned at York Minster. IN the Now Zealand House of Representativos last night, tho Coal Mines Bill, whioh contains several important changes in tho law relating to coal mines, was passod. Under it tho Crown may toko possession of mines lying idle and work thom. THE Earl and Countess of Jersey and the Countess of Kintore visited tho Art Society's Exhibition yesterday. OWING to mistakes on tho part of the presiding officer at Bulli, and tho returning officer for the Blawarra olectorato, the Elections and Qualifica- tions Committee has dr-clnred the election for Illa- warra to havo been wholly void. Messrs. Nicholson and Lysaght aro thoroforo unseated. THE body of the lato Pastor Daniel Allon was yesterday interred in tho Rookwood Cemotery, in the preaonco of a largo number of friends. THE Mayor of Albnry has received a letter from the Governor reiterating an expression of the pleasure which bo and Lady Jersoy oujoyed during thoir visit to Albury. AT Balranald eight shearers havo beon fined £3 each for leaving their woik. SOIIE troublo is likely to arise at the South ' Clifton Colliery owing to tho mnnngoment having notified thnt in futuro day men will bo requirod lo work nine hours per shift. Tina unnunl report of tho Queensland Railway Commissioners shows that tho not rovenuo for tho year ended Juno 30 wns i-03,107, tho total inórense in trnflio receipts on tho _ircvious year being -100,880. IN tho Legislativo Council yosterdny tho Albury Ruoing Club Bill and tho Voluntary Convoyunoos Amendment Bill wore road tho third "ino, and tho Children's -rotcotioii Bill was read tho socond timo and referred to a select committee I- Uto Logislativo Asaorauly yesterday Mr. Bruro Smith slntod that tho interest on tho now loan was 3J- per cent., and would bo payable from September 1. A bill introduced hy Mr. Fitzgerald to nmond tho Trades Union Aot was read tho first timo, and tho Representation of tho Tooplo Bill was further considered in committee. YEST_I_>AY tho Marino Court of Inquiry into tho Gambier disaster proceeded to Queeusoliflo and oxaniiucd the sccno of tho collision. IK tho Victorian Legislativo Assembly yoslorday a hill to amend tho Post Office Aot was read tho first timo, and the Councils of Couniliation Bill, tho Friendly Societies' Bill, and tho Contractors' Pro- tection Bill wera road tho second time. AT II largoly-attcnded conference of fnrmors of the Darling Downs, Queonslnnd, it was docidod to form n Fanners' Political Alliance on similnr lines to tho South Australian Farmers' Mutual Associa- tion. Two wool steamers, tho Ilubbuck, bolonglng to the Blue Anchor lino, and tho Port Denison, be- longing to Iho Anglo-Australian lino, took their doparturo for London yesterday. A third wool steamer, tho Gulf of Guinea, was cleared last night for Loudou. Tiru R.M.S. Oceana arrived nt Suez from Sydney on September IS, and tho Britannia sailed from Adelaide yesterday homoward bound. TUB R.M.S. Carthago, with tho inward English mail, arrived at Adolaido last evening. TUE Rev. C. H. Spurgeon is stronger, and is able to tako constant outdoor exercise. AT a coufcrenco last night botween tho coopers and their employers, tho eight- hour system was conceded to tho mon. THE Post Office clock and bells woro sot going yesterday by tho Countess of Jorsoy. Tun Customs rocoipls yesterday amounted to £7985. Tho courso which has boon token by tho Admiial in regard to the statements mado as to cruel treatment of. stokers on board the cruiser Mildura will havo a roassurlng offoct on the inind of the public. The holding of an open semi- official inquiry, in which full opportunity is given to tho men to, givo their own version of what occurred, in conjunction with that of tho responsible officoi- of the ship, is a perfectly fair and reasonable way of discovering the true fact? of the case. At the same timo the informal manner in which the inquiry is held may bo fairly viewed as a recognition of tho influence of publio opinion in these colonies, which is "highly sensitivo in 'respoct to matters of this nature in which anything is involved which can bo made to assume the appearance of harsh inhu- manity. There can be no question that tho proceedings of the Egeria court-martial, which took place in Port Jackson last year, and the hoavy -sentences then passod, exerted a strong effect on the mind of the public hore, an -effect which has boen much in- tensified by the comparison of the Draco- nian severity of those punishments with the light penalties which have since that event been imposed by tho military and naval authorities in England in soveral much more important matters, it was not desirable that anything resombling that impression should be caused by pro- ceedings in respect to the ships of the Aus- tralian Auxiliary Squadron ; and though tho discipline of those ships, as we havo re- marked before, is outside the jurisdiction of these colonies, it would be an unfortunate beginning of tho new arrangement if any- thing luce a clash of public feeling on the one side and iron discipline on the other should take place at tho very outset in rogard to the treatment shown to the mon on board the auxiliary fleet. This danger the discreet and considerato course adopted by the Admiral in holding this inquiry will servo to obviate. A formal assertion of juris- diction in the matter on the part of the Grovornniont of one of the colonies might havo met with a brusque reception from the Imperial naval authorities in our waters. Fortunately nothing of this kind has happened. The action of those authorities has not waited for such a demand. It has recognised the existence of a public senti- ment, and has spontaneously met this by an open unbiassed inquiry. The proceeding which took placo yesterday on board the Mildura was not of the nature of a court martial, the antiquated, one- sidedkforms of which are possibly better suited for the enforcement of discipline than for the administration of justice, or for the satisfaction of the sense of equity of the general public. "Whatever else may now come of this aJ-oir, the mon who hold themselves aggrieved havo mado their statement freely and openly, this has been confronted with those of the officers, and the materials aro now beforo the public in our columns for it to form its own opinion upon them. There is no roason to doubt the sub- stantial truth of the statements of the stokers as to the intense heat in the stoke- hole of the Mildura on tho passage from Suez to Aden. The stokehole of a steamer is usually a very hot place, and when the steamer is passing through tho lied Sea in the heat of summer, the heat, in spite of all precautions, is always verging towards the unendurable. It. may be that the extru speed maintained on the Mildura for the purpose of overtaking the other ships of the squadron operated to intensify these uncomfortable conditions, and to make the atmosphere of the Mildura compare un- favourably with those of the othor vessels of the squadron, ' which, it is to be re- membered, are all built on idontical lines. It is painful to read accounts of the "after stokehole being sometimes red hot," and that "men tainted and were brought up on deck and revived with sea water." But, the experienced traveller knows that those conditions aro not uncommqn in the stokeholes of steamers in similar torrid stretches of navigation. The traveller by the P. and 0\. or Orient mail steamer through the Red Sea in summer time may, if he has a turn for investigation,' discover for himself, some highly unpleasant facts regarding life in the stokehole of a steamer under such conditions. It re- quires a somewhat stony heart to come in contact with these conditions without strongly sympathising with the men who aro exposed to thom. The average traveller usually takes the course of ignoring them or closing his mind and eyes to them. But the faot remains that in regard to the ordinary circumstances in the stokehole of a steamer passing through the Eed Sea in summer time, it would be possiblo for a newspaper reporter with a turn for the vividly descriptive to composo a narrative which should be truo to fact and would form highly unpleasant reading. _ It is not many months ago since an article appeared in one of tho leading London reviews describing the life for 24 hours of tho chief engineer of an Atlantio mail boat in the engine-room and stokehole, and in this apparently quito faithful narrative there was much that one did not like to read. If we comparo the state of things on the Mildura with that on vessels standing nearer to her in this kind of comparison we reach much tho samo result. AVhen we are told, as our reporter was by the Admiral, that tho aver- age temperature in tho stokehole of the flag- ship Orlando is " ahout 30 dogroos higher than that registered in the Mildura," and that in a rocent passage of the Orlando from New Zealand to Sydney in a cool latitude and in the winter season tho tomperaturo in tho stokehole rose to 1G0 degrees, thoso statements put Deforo us possi- bilities of fierce, almost unendurable boat in which human beings are labouring for their daily bread which the imagination Bhuddors to pursue. But when wo havo given way to a not unrea- sonable sympathy in respect to cases of this kind wo must, to be reasonable, also remember that tho mon who follow this vocation freoly adopt it of thoir own choice, that the conditions and periods of labour aro mitigated for thom as much as possible, and that they reçoive a rato of pay which is presumably accepted by thom as a compensation for thoir dis- comfort. If tho complaint is that the demands of civilisation should impose such haid and ' unploasaut duties, wo may echo the reflection in spite of its very unpractical and vaguo character. But whon upon these un- pleasant conditions and this undoubted hardship and great discomfort it is sought to prefer an iudictmont against a particular ship and its officers, theu we must in all justico consider how far the causos of com- plaint aro general, or how far they aro exceptional and limited to a particular caso. And when these considerations aro applied to tho Mildura, what wo want to discover is whether theso conditions wore on board hor moro than ordinarily severe, and whethor disciplino waa so enforced as to amount to inhumanity. The report wo give of tho inquiry puts each of our readors in the position of forming MB own opinion ou those ques- tions. Ho can judge how far it is likoly that actual cruelty was displayed, and how far the feeling of undeniably hard condi- tions was rendered moro nouto by a dis- position' to discontent wliich in some way or olhor may havo developed among the men, and in the end fur- nished highly-coloured matter to tho pon of an eager and enterprising newspaper reporter. Without attempting to closely analyse and weigh tho elements of what upon inquiry seorns to resolve itself into a comparatively small matter, we may content ourselves with accepting tho free and opon inquiry which has boon held as a welcome concession to Australian susceptibilities, as a gratifying precedent for guidance in similar cases, should they arise, and as affording the best possible guarantee we can receive against the occurrence in our Auxiliary Squadron of injustice, cruelty, or t3Tanny, or any acts which are unable to face tho daylight of full investigation. Although it is the proposal of the Government to deal with the liquor traffio question this session in a practical way, tho House has boon discussing two abstract resolutions upon the subject. It cannot bo 6aid, however, that the discussion was fruitless, or altogether in the air. If Mr. CLARK'S resolution had boon carried by as large a majority us that.which rejected it, or that which carried Mr. ALLEN'S amend- ment, the effect would have been to con- demn by anticipation the bill which has been framed by the Government. The meaning of the two divisions is, that the Govern- ment has chosen the right course in this matter. Both parties on Tuesday night wore agreed upon one point, viz., the necessity for legislation upon the subject at tho earliest possible moment j but the contest lay between goneral prohibition and local prohibition, and, as was to be expected, local prohibition won tho day. Mr. CLARK asked the Houso to declare that the most reasonable, democratic, and satisfactory method of dealing with the question would be to pass a law prohibiting the manufacture, importation, and salo of alcoholic liquors for beverage purposes, and to submit that law to a vote of the entire adult population before bringing it into force. Mr. ALLEN asked the House to deolare instead that the most reasonable, democratic, and satisfactory method would bo to pass a law providing for the exten- sion of tho principle of local option, so as to give tho peoplo power to restrictthe sale of intoxicating drink. The majorities of 50 to 19 against Mr. CLARK'S motion, and57 to 12 in favour of tho amendment, showed how futilo it is in the present Assembly to move for tho absolute and general pro- hibition of the liquor trade ; and, however confident some of the expressions of opinion in support of general prohibition have beon, the probability is that in rejecting the motion the Assembly fairly represented the country. It is not to bo sujiposed that tho people of tho country generally regard tho uso of alcoholic liquors as an absoluto and unmitigated evil, which can only be adequately met by prohibiting their importation, manufacture, and sale ; and to pass a law for that purpose, whon the country is not prepared to accept it, would bo worse than an absurdity-it would bo a public wrong. And yet it may easily bo seen that Mr. CLARK'S resolution was honest and straight- forward, carried all its meaning upon its Burface, and was a logical exposition of tho belief of those who gave it their votes. It is not quite clear that all this can be said of the amendment whioh roceived, so large an amount of support. The amendment recommends the extension of local option, BO as to give the pooplo power to restrict the sale of intoxicating drink. "Wo have local option already with restrictive effects; and what is meant by the ex- tension of it is, to carry it on from the point of restriction to that of prohibition by onabling local communities to pro- nounce, not only against tho issue of new licenses, but also against re- newals ; and further, in providing for this prohibitory action -within dofined localities tho practical effect would be to givo' to sections of the pooplo an authority which on demo- cratic grounds, should only be exor- cised by the people as a -whole, -whether directly or through their representatives, ït is obvious that this principle of local action has been invented, and is generally advocated, because tho hopelessness of re- ferring tho question of prohibition as a matter of goneral interest to tho poople collectively is fully recognised. Wo aro not at this point questioning oithor tho soundness of the calculation or the tactical wisdom of this policy. The point to bo noticed is that it is misleading to talk about domocratio principles, and about giving tho peoplo power, when tho mani iest object is to avoid a general reference to the peoplo, and to enable local majorities boro and there to exarciso a power of legislation which it is practically acknow- ledged the peoplo as a whole-would refuse to exercise if they were asked to oxorcise it as ono community, and in relation to the whole community. If tho trade in drink in all its forms is an unmitigated evil, it is as much so in one port of the colony as in another, and any legislativo measure for its suppression should apply everywhere. Wo can understand those who say, ''It would be impossible to procure the passing of a measure of general prohibition» and therefore wo advocate a measure authoris- ing local prohibition, because there aro some places where a majority would be found willing to give it effect." There would be nothing deceptive in such a state- ment as this ; but it is misleading to use in support of the tacliùs of localism words that naturally indicato faith in " the people." The splitting up of tho pooplo into sections really implies distrust of the whole. In such a matter as this it would be unwise to legislate in advanco of public opinion, and therefore, sotting aside con- siderations of courage and candour, the courso of action proposed in the amend- ment was the bettor of the two. Paw nowadays advocate freetrarle in drink. Almost evoryono outside tho number of those who would suppress it altogether will recogniso tho necessity of subjecting it to regulation and restric- tion by the State. Tho words of the amendment, taken litorally, do not go be- yond this point. To "restrict" the trade, or to apply limits to it, implies that it shall bo allowed to continue to exist. But " full local option," applying, ns is in- tended, to the renewal of liconsos, goes beyond this point, and aims at bringing the trade within tho boundaries of certain districts, hore and thoro, to an end. It is possible that tho majority both inside Parliament and without may bo willing to pormit this. The organisations aro confident in their strength. But outside Parliament there will bo a large minority opposed to the prohibitory action which is really in view ; and though they may bo ovorruled, tho soundness of the policy of going beyond re- gulation to prohibition will havo to bo tostcd by its results. If ono limited district is placed undor prohibition and the adjoining is, not, a process of convorsion will sot in on tho one side or on the other, and no one can predict with certainty on which. In tho prohibition district tho stoppage of the retail trado will not bo sufficiont of itself to suppress drinking habits if the rotail and wholesale trade are both allowed to flourish immediately outside. Tho tendency may oven bo the opposite way. The folly of asking too much was recognised in the rojection of the resolution tho other night. But some of those who advocate a less drastic policy might do well to cultivate a spirit of moderation and to repress extra- vagant desires. The Government bill will be more likely to pass, and to bo useful if passed, should there be a reasonable ab- stinence from attempts to push its prpvi sions beyond the limits of sobriety. Co-0__NTH(J tho Kow South Wolca loan of ¿-,600,000, tenders for which will bo oponed in London to-day, it may bo staled that threo Sydnoy banks, through their London offices, have offered to invest one million sterling. Tho banks in ques- tion aro-tho Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, tho Bank of Now South Wales, und tho Australian Joint Stock Bank. Tho directorate of these three institationshavonotified their willingness to advanco tho amount named, uud in the courso of yesterday negotiations took place between tho Commercial Bank of Australia and tho Govern- ment in tho direction of this lastnumcd institution taking a quarter of a million share in tho loan. At a lato hour last night this arrangement had not been oompleled botweon tho Treasurer and tho bank. Yesterday, howover, Mr. Coghlan, tho Government Statistician, supplied to tho Government tho latest . roturas showing tho value of tho different kinds of wealth in Now South "Wales at the timo tho census was taken, in April of this year. The figures olosoly confirm tho offioial estimates that havo boon mado public from time to time. At tho instanco of Mr. M'Millan, tho lost Colonial Troasuror, information was com- piled lo onablo him to form som o idea of the public assets of the colony. Tho returns sup- plied to the Premier yesterday aro us follow :-Private wealth : Land, £173,362,000; houses and improvements, £129,800,000 ; other forms of wealth, £104, 253,000 : total, £107,-05,000. Public Wealth.-Valuo of railways, tramways, waterworks, sewerage, and other revenno-yielding works, £44,958,000 ; valuo of works and buildings not directly rovenue-boaring, £20,313,000 ; amount duo on lands purchased from the State, £13,224,000 ; publio lands loosed but not sold, £91,400,000 : total, £172,896,000 ; municipal property, £6,400,000, making a total wealth of £586,700,000. Tho private wealth, £407,405,000, equals £363 por inhabitant, and tho publio wealth, £154 per inhabitant, or to- gether £517 por inhabitant. In 1881 tho private wealth was estimated nt £204,000,000, equal to £215 per inhabitant, so that there has been an inereaso of about 100 per cent, in tho total wealth and 45 per cent, in tho distribution per inhabitant, a ratio of increase without precedent in any port of the world. Tho total indebtedness of New South Wales to English creditors is £16,051,000, or only 7'8 of the total wealth of tho colony, and a littlo moro than 26 per cent, of the assets at tho disposal of the State. The surplus of the total wealth is, therefore, £540,649,000, and of the publio estate alone, £126,844,000. This infor- mation havo been cabled through Router by tho Government to tho Agont-Genoral in London. W_ aro informed that tho Governor has rocoivod a cable notification to the effect that the latest intelligence from Constantinople is that tho news which led to tho comments regarding the British fleet at Sigri was based upon unfounded reports from the Consul ut Mitylono to tho ambassador at Stamboul. It is now authoritatively stated that tho British warships wore simply inn-touvring, and that thoy havo sinco loft Mitylono. THE Earl and Countess of Jcrsoy and the Countess of Kintore visited the Art Society's Exhi- bition yesterday afternoon. Thoy were mot by tho president and several members of tho council. THE present weak has been a busy one, events following ono. noothar in swift succession, and Sydnoy has al prosont many visitors from tho other colonies. It was thna only natural that given fino weather, tho garden party at Government Houso yesterday afternoon should prove a thorough success. Though rain fell in tho early part of tho afternoon it was quite fino of tor 3 o'olock, tho weather, howevor being quito wintry. Lord and Lady Jersey received'tho guests at tho entrance to tho garden, and by half-past 3 tho company was very numerous. The band stationed on tho lawn played at intervals, and refreshments wero served in the vorandah. Lord and Lady Kintore wore amongst those present. Tins Legislative Council sat until a quarter to 6 o'olock last. evening. Mr. Suttor, in answer to a question, announced that the desirableness of bringing in a general mensuro to deal with olectrio lighting, and to defino and regulate tho neces- sary powers in connection thorowith, had been under considération by tlio Government, and a bill hod been prepared to accom- plish that object. Tho Albury Racing Club Bill, and tho Voluntary Conveyances Amendment Bill wero read tho third timo and forwarded to the Legislativo Assembly with tho usual messagos. Tho Children's I-otection Bill, wliioh had boen entered for second reading, was referred to a Belect committee for consideration and report. The business ontorod for this evening con- sists of tho Bocond reading of tho Workmen's Com- bination Laws Declaration Bill, and tho second reading of the Australian Gaslight Company Electrio Lighting and Supply Bill (as omonded in select committee). > THE questions on tho notico paper of tho Legis- lative A_sombly last night wero fow in number and unimportant in ohoractor. ' Still thoy touched npon a variety of subjects. Tho appointment of an Imperial officer us director of military works in tho colony was explained ; information was given regarding defects that had been discovered in tho bridgo over tho Murrumbidgee Rivor ; and one or two answers relating to departments in tho Civil Service wero mado. Most of tho motions wore objected to, only two members succeeding in persuading tho Houso to pass thoir matters as formal. Mr. Fitzgerald was given leavo to intro- duce a bill to amend tho Trados Union Aot, and Mr. Cann obtained an order for certain documents rolating to leases to be laid upon tho table of the House. The Albury Racing Club Bill carno up from tho Council, and waa taken ohargo of by tho Premier, whilst Mr. Want took under leis care the Voluntary Convoytinces Bill Both measures will como np for debato in duo course. The House was about to settle down comfortably to business when Mr. Garvan managed to " catch the Speaker's eye." The member for Eden made inquiry for the Treasurer, and Mr, Bruce Smith, who had been temporarily absent from the Cham- ber, was instantly in his place Mr Garvan ex- plained that he had read something in the Press about the placing of a new loan, and desired to know all about it The House seemed pleased that the matter had cropped up, Mr Bruce Smith staled that he was glad that the question had been asked. Mr Garvan was evidently satisfied with the attention that was being paid to him, and for a moment or two at least one could have heard the proverbial pin drop The explanation of the Treasurer was short but to the point A loan had been placed upon the London market The interest was 3½per cent It was for 28 years The interest would be payable from the 1st September -statements to the contrary made m the press notwithstanding About the interest being paid from March last the Treasurer abso- lutely knew nothing, and, as tho Agent-General had received his instructions from Sydney, he did not think that the information was correct It was suggested by Mr Garvan that the Agent- General should be communicated with on the sub- ject , but Mr Bruce Smith did not think that this course was necessary "The interest," he said is due in September and March and this is how the mistake has arisen " Mr Garvan wanted to know something about a second loan - a conversion loan that was already on the market Mr Bruce Smith professed that he did not know what tho member for Eden meant, which gave that hon member an opportunity, which he was very glad to take advantage of, to tell the Minister and through the Minister the House, " all about it " The result was -when the Treasurer got an oppor- tunity of replying -that the information was given that the "conversion loan" was not a " loan," but merely an exchange of one kind of stock for another. Mr. Dibbs wanted to know whether Mr Bruce Smith was sure of all he had stated Of course the Treasurer said that he was The leader of the Opposition appeared to be satisfied, but Mr Garvan. required more information He also hinted that in time past the Treasurer had neglected his duty in not keeping tho House folly informed of all that had taken place in regard to the matter Some of the occupants of the Government benches called out "hear, hear" in an ironical manner, but the member for Eden tried seriously to impress the House with the fact that "someone had blun- dered " It was quickly shown by Mr Bruce Smith, however, that he had nothing to do with the matter, and as he declined to be answerable for the shortcomings of his predecessors, the matter was allowed to drop The House resolved itself into Committee to further consider tho Representation of the People Bill. Tho first mattoi which occnpied tlio serions attention of members was olnnso 26,, relating to tho declaration of tho poll w hero an absolute majority of votes polled has been obtained by a candidate On this clauso Mr Carruthers proposed to test the question of the tatong of a second ballot This idea, ho oxplainod, had not boon abandoned by the Government, who had decided to lenvo it to tho vote ofc the 'Houso Personally, ho favoured a second ballot, as ho considered that it was tho only way ra wluch tho will of tho majority could bo obtained Mr Lyne said that ho understood the Government had already given way on tho matter, and ex- pressed astonishment that so unportmt a question should suddenly anso The member for tho Hume found ono election enough, And shrank from going through a second ordeal Anxiety was expressed by tho Premier that the bill should bo got on with Rather than debate tho matter at length, ho woidd, ho 6aid, adviso hia colloaguo to givo way upon it A suggestion waa made that an amendment proposed by Mr Traill should bo voted upon at once, and then, if the Houso decided upon a second ballot, tho best means of "taking" it could be discussed. A chorus of " hoar, hean " signified tia assout of muny members lo this course, but other«, objected. " If wo are to voto upon tho question," Baid Mr Gormly, " wo inuht first debate it" Othor incmbors also objooted to voting on the clause first, and dobatrag it afterwards, and so the discussion wont on Venons ideas relating to the best means of taking a second ballot woro put forward. Several members suggested that the modo of calculating by "points" should bo adopted Mr Prall instanced a course which ho confidently asserted was simplicity itself, but Mr Want, who had been listening with attention, declarad with emphasis that-by tho end of tho elec- tions the lunatic asylums would be full An attempt was made by Sir Henry Parkes to obtain a roto on tho matter boforo adjournment îs umbers of members called ont " Question," whilst others cried "Divide," but therowero yot others who shouted "Tea, toa," and, as several gentlemen. expressed a determination to continuo tho dobate, Mr Molvillo had to giv o way and to quit the chair without submitting tho motion to tho House THE resumption of the bill after duiner was delayed for a httlo timo vvhust the House received a report from tho Elections and Qualifications Committee, which tho Premier signified it was necessary should bo communicated at once Iho matter was oertainlv of importance, us tho result was to unseat tho present members for the Ulawarn, Messrs Lysaght and Nicholson. Blamo was thrown upon two oflicors connected with tho lato olcotion who, owing lo "errors of judgment," had comnuttod " irrognloritiBS," and tho practical outcome was that tho Speaker ordcied tho issue of now wilts Having thus determined upon a second poll, tho Houso proceeded, with fresh vigour, to discuss once moio tho advisability of double elections, as part and parcel of the general law of the land Mr Crick modo a long speech Ho twitted the Government with desert- ing their causo Ho looked upon the principle as one of the most vital in tho bill, and asserted that if it were struck out tho measure would not be worth tho paper it was written upon Ho fafled, however, to convert the Houso, for npon tho divi- sion being token BhorÜy afterwards tho decision arrived at was altogether against second Ballots, tho voting being 72 against 17 The result was received with cheers from the Opposition, and one or two mem- bers were so j ubilaut that thoy cried out " Ecsign I resign '" Tho Government, however, took but httlo notice of their enthusiasm, and proceeded, m tho most deliberate manner possiblo, to malo a number of minor alterations in other clauses of the bul THE Committee continued to make good progress Whon clauso 100 waa reached members mod oat "Hear, hear," and therowero attempts atohcer ing, but Mr Molvillo passed on rapidly to tho next subject Tho alterations mado m tho bill wero not important Words woro struck out, and othora wero inserted m place thereof, but no vital principle was tonched. Members seemed mebnod for business, and the Government certainly had no reason to complain of lack of attention to the mattera thoy brought for- ward. In clause 108, providing for the punish- ment of bribery, Mr Vaughn moved as an amend- ment thai a defaulter should bo incapable of voting for five j ears, instead of only at "such election," but tho amondment was nega- tived by on overwhelming majority, tho voting bomg 75 against 9 At this point Mr O'Sulhvnn startled tho nonso by pro- posing, as an addition to tho clause, an amend- ment providing tho penalty of £1000 to bo imposed upon any person-at first ho said Munster- who should attempt to sway or undulv lnlluonconn eleotion by the promise of pubho works or bv throats of withholding tho samo Tho reading of tho amendment was regarded by many mem- bers as a joko, but the representativo of Queanbeyan not only declared that ho brought it forward in sobor earnestness, but pioceeded to ox pound his reasons for so doing Ho asserted that tho «-running about" of Ministers at election times was becoming too common, and ought to be put a stop to Mr Haynes chnrao tensed tho amendment as ridiculous, hu* Mr Traill hoped that it would be taken into earnest consideration "Brokon bridges" and "brokon promises" woro, in the dobate which followed, linked togothor , and the " ímpeacliment of Ministers" was advocated, as was also the necessity for tho "purity of elec- tions" Ono" mombor pointed out that tad pubho works which had been promisod throughout tho country wero mostly gaols, whilst the com- plaint of another was that tho gaols wero not filled Tho matter was pressed to division Vi O'Sulhvnn and four colloaguos voted for the amendment, whilst tho remainder of tho Houso, numbering 73 mombors, wero arraved on the oppo- site bouches THE " offence of treating " was responsible fe a lot of talk Clauso 110 provided that every candidato at an election who should " corrnptly provide meat, drink, or ontortainmcnt, to forward his olection, should bo guilty of a misdemeanour A proposition was put forward to expunge the word " corrupt!) " on the ground tba. it was not necessary, and would only provide "food for the lawyers", but the BOnso of tho Houso was against the amondment and it was negatived At tho suggestion of Jur. Seo, olauso 113, which prohibited "tho wearing, carrying, or providing o£ cockades, flags, «>.> i vras omitted On clause 115, wluoh provided that candidates guilty of offences ßhonld bo mcapablo of eitting foi iivo Jours, nu amendment "j, propo'cd limiting the prohibition imtd t_o following gonoral oleotion This was opposed by Mr Schov, who, however, only found jír Vaughn to suppoi t lum, tho amendment beuig earned by 60 votes to 2 The next clause pro- hibited wagers on the result of elections Whether betting should be a crime or not was debated with some warmth. Mr Garvan thought it was an unwarrantable insult lo the people of the country and the House to assert that betting on elections existed to the extent necessary to provide against it, but against this Ministers insisted that tho provision was necessary How, it was asked, could a bet of a "couple of cigars" or " a new hat " influence an election; but on tho other hand, it was argued that the matter was important as affecting tho social posi- tion of the country The subject was debated in a small House, but on the division bell ringing, it was seen at once that the Govern- ment had scored a victory, the clause being retained by a large majority. At 12 o clock clause 3 had been finished, and Mr Carruthers suggested that the fourth and last clause of the bill should be entered upon, explain- ing that it was merely a copy of the present law Appeals however were made for an adjournment Mr Garvan urged with considerable force and at some length, that more thought ought to be given to the subject, and that the discussion should be adjourned until the following day Mr Car- ruthers appealed to the IIouse to go on with its work, but other speeches followed in favour of the business standing over. At half-past 12 o'clock Mr Melville left the chair for a quarter of an hour When members reassembled, Mr Carruthers moved that progress be reported On themotion for adjournment, Mr McGowen brought forward and commented upon a circular issued by the Railway Commissioners to the employees, and Mr Bruce Smith promised inquiry into tho matter if it was mentioned to him privately. The House adjourned at half past 1 o'olook LiBT iUjjbt Sir neury Parkes laid on the tablo ot tho Legislativo Assembly a return bhowmg tho number of ofheors engaged in the Forost Dopnit meni -hero aro 53 ofhomls, whoso total salarios amount to £11,202 12s 6d per annum It, the Legishtivo Assoml ly last night, Mr T ]) Suttor, the Chuumiin of tho Eleotious and Qualifications Committeo, appointed on July 16, 1891 to whom was i oferrcd a petition from Mr Alcjuudor &pouco; Al tis, against the return of Messrs Jolin Baruos Nicholson and Andrew lysaght, as mombors of tho Asaombly for tho oleo toral tbstriot of Ulawarrn, submitted its roport, vrbich -was drafted after full luqutry This report [tates that tho election for the electoral district of IUamuTa ivas wholly >oid Messrs Nichol- son and _iysa_;ht aro in cousequonoo no eager members of tho Assembly Tho irregularities in tho condnot of tho oleotion wcio due to errors of judgment on the pirt of tho presid- ing officer at Bulb, and of the returning oiheor for the oleotoral district Immediately after this report wai read Mr Crick oppressed tho opinion that the officials referred to should bo romoved and that tho Government should considor whether or not the unseated members should bo remunerated to tho ortont of thoir oleotion expenses lho Premier announced that tho Houso conld nob erpect tho Government to mako known its inten- tons, until tho evidence gtvon before tho eominittoo lad been poruscd Tho Govorumont, however, vnmld not fail to consider the oonduct of tho offlelolfl through whoso error the oloction had been declared v oíd It was tho original intention of Mr Speaker to issue the wirla for tho new oloction hil night, but âiffioultaos hnvo arisen respecting tho most convenient dates, ond therefore tho announcement of tho dato on whion the election thall tale place must bo postponed This was tho last lnqmry to como boforo tho Elections and Qualifications Committeo, w hich now stands ad- journed «ni« du h-QABDtvo the nppointraont of a Director of Military Works, &u; Henry Parkes informed tho4 Assembly last night that tho general ofheer com- manding, as " oil as tho commanding enginoor, ro commended tho eorvices of au Imperial othcer to Ml the position Lieutenant-Colonel Boddam had had great experience in tho coushuotion of impor- tant military works in Now Zealand, Tasmania, and this colony No oflicor m the paj of this colony could bo iccommendcd te fill tho position of Director of iühtai y Works -B J D riT_oint_t,D introduced into tho legislativo Assembly laBt evening a bill to provide for tho recov cry of contributions to tho funds of trade unions from members of such unions, and to amend the Tindo Union Aot, 1881 Tho bill was lead tho first time lho prmoipol (mooting portions if it are us follow -' ' Whenovor any person being «member of a tiade-union legistered undor tho Tindo Union Act, 1881, is, or shall bo hablo, linde- say rcg_terod rule of such union, to pay byway of contribution, and shall owo to snob union (whother io tcspect to the general fund or to any special fund of such union) any sum of money, legal pro- ceedings may bo taken by tho trustees or secretary of such union against such person, to recover the ram owing by hem, iii any Court of Petty Sessions m tho Petty Sessions district within or nearest to Nvlich tho place of mooting of such union is held Bach Court shall have power to hoar and determino fuch proceedings m a summarj way, and to moko fuch order for tho payment of tho sum found to bo due, and of such costs 03 tho said Court may think jast, m accordanco with tho Acts rogn hhng Biuumary proceedings before jus- tices And suoh order may bo enforced in default of compliance with tho terms thereof by distress and sale of tho goods and chattels of tho defendant, imd m default of distiess or payment tie defendant may ho imprisonod foi any term not ciceeduig one month, or until tho sum ordered to h) paid lie sooner paid " Tho bill also contains a proviso to the ofloct that nothing therein contained itali "-authorise proceedings to bo taken against «ay member of any trade-union being undor any legal disability, or against au} femólo member of lay snob union " To DAY at half-past 2 o'clook a deputation from fie Picton Process Assooiatiou "ill wait upon Mr Brunker, tho Minister for Lands, with reference to tho granting of land for a publio park lad show ground at Picton THE Post Oihco clock and bells wero sot going »' noon yesterday by tho Countess of Jersey Tho dock has been working for somo timo for purposes if regulation, but on Tuesday it was stoppod,-ovory tuing having been dono that w as necessary pond ug tho olhcial coromony At tho invitation of the cntruotor, Mr H Daly, a nuinboi of prormnont residents attended to witness tho coromony, and a crowd collected outsido tho colonnade in Martm placo Among tho visitors wore-Mr Gould (Mraiiter for JiiBtice), the Hons John Davies, CMCr , James Norton, C J Roberts, OMG, W J Trickett, and A J Riley, Ms L O , Mo«srs Wiso, Mm tin, Seo, Inglis, Joannerot, Hclvülo, Kelly, J D Fit-gerald, Black, sod Davis, Ms L A , Aldermcu Donn and H Chnpman, and Messrs W Curnow, J 3 Calvert J F Burns, and James Barnet (« Colon al Arohiteot), dopartmcntal officials, «id a number of ladies Shoitly boforo noon tho vice regal paity aimod In addition to tho Eail >ud Countess of Jersey thoro wore presout the Countess of Kmloro and Lord Aneram, ADO ?The visitors wero conducted to a platform about Mfway up tho clock-tow or (which had boen deco nled for tho occasion w ith bunting) and provided Wa chairs IVoni Ibero Lady Jorsoy sot the nifls in motion by means of a wire attachment at hro minutes to 12 After tho brief nitorvnl tho chimes were heard from abovo, and, as tho big bell «ut forth it« doop note, Mr O'Connor called for 'Jeers for tho Quoon, Lady Jorsoy, Lady Kintore, "rd Jersey and tho oontraotoi Mi Daly thou T% thanked Lady Jorsoy for her kindness m «'tending and oxprossod tho hopo that bor ludy ""P s life and that of Lord Jersey might lost as °ig as the clock Lady Jorsoy, in roply T a speech, modo by Mi O'Connor, said «io hoped thnt tho ohimos would always »>* happy notes for tho peoplo of Sydnoy, "id hoop both tuno and tune Tho ínstruotion "»?n was then inspected by tho visitors After T< a numbci of the visitors adjourned to the PostniORtcr-Goneral'B room, whoro tha 'Th of Lady Jtrsoj? was proposed and trank with enthusiasm by tho company After jT his Lxcolloncy tho Govomor proposed T health of tho Postinnstor-Gonoral Mr "Connor ßmtibly repbed Mr J F Burns Praposed tho health of tho Tost Office staff, T°mg Messrs Lambton, Dalgarno, and Dunk "plises having been modo to this toast the «-puny broke up Tn_ action Adorns v Richardson, which was ««nmenccd on Tuesday m No 1 Jury Court, was alM on again yesterday morniug, when a vordict V consent was enternd for the plaintiff for £200, wthout costs, on tho third count of Ins declaration, «ich allégea that tho injuries windi ho sustained *Uo instructing the volunteer field battery of irtulery, wore hi ought about by tho Go\ ernmont ?"J1*, supplied hun with horeeB whioh "oro un ,W «4 paE, fox ¿he work_ Ia the, «loader I action, Gavin v. Dymook, a vordiot was returned for plaintiff with damages 4Us, and his Honor re- fused a certificate for coats. In tho case of the Commercial Banking Company v. Bardon, plain- tiff bank is suing to recover tho sum of £4300 upon a gunranteo bond signed by defendant in favour of his brother, Alfred Bardon. Tho ovidonco was not concluded. In tho tifo. 2 Jury Court tho notion Mulgravo v. Morrison, to recover compensa- tion for tho allogod nogligonco of defendant or his' servants through whioh plaintiff was injured, was resumed, and tho ovidonco and oounsel's addresses wore concluded. His Honor will sum up llris morning. AMOSO tho matters considored in Chambers yesterday wero two possessing somo interest out sido tho parties immediately oonoornod. In Hobden v. O'Kcofo, the dofendnnt, a dean of tho Romnn Catholio Church at Yass, applied to havo tho venuo of tho trial, which had boon laid at Goulburn, ohanged to Yass. The notion was ono in which tho plaintiff, tho lookup-keeper at Yass Gaol, sued tho defendant for having, as allogod; ohnrged him at church with falsifying the lookup book by inserting as Roman Catholics prisoners who professed no religion, in order to mako it appear in the annual statistical returns that that religious denomination furnished tho preponderance of criminals. Dofondant's application for a chango of venuo was basodupon tho represen- tation that tho balance of convenience and balance of expenso wore ia favour of Yass, besides which jilnintiff had formerly rosidod at Goulburn, and had friends and rolatives thero. Plaintiff, on the other hand, contended that ho was not likoly to havo a fair trial at Yass, boeauso dofondant being an old rosidout and a olergyrann was well known thero, and the case had not only been tho subject of gonoral comment in Yass, but had given rise to press correspondence showing that publio feeling rau vory high thoro. His Honor the Chief Justioo refused tho application, being of opinion that undor tho oiroiunstancos the case should bo tried at Goulburn, whero plaintiff had laid tho venue. In the second matter a olioutmado an application for an order against nn attornoy direotiug him to furnish a bill of costs. It appeared that applicant gave tho attornoy a mortgage over somo property for his costs in certain matters, and it being agreed that tho amount duo was £110 tho property was realised, and tho attornoy, with tho biitiction of his client, paid himself the £110, Somo timo afterwards, however, tho attornoy was called upon to furnish his bill of costs ; but ho de- murred on tho ground that the matter had boon settled. The client then applied to tho Court, and Mr. Justice Stophou yesterday made tho neccssury order. THE NO. 3 Jury Court only sat for about half an hour yesterday, threo of the cases on the list being struck out owing to thoro boing no nppoar anco of tho partios. Two other small cases, whioh wero nndofonded, were dealt with, a vordiot boing returned for tho plaintiff iii ooah case. His Honor Mr. Justico Innes dolivorod judgment on the question of certifying costs for tho Picturosquo Atlas Company in thoir case agarast Yates. Ho hold that there had boon no necessity for bringing the case boforo tho Supremo Court, and ho there- fore refused to issuo a certificato for costs in tho case. TITE fortnightly mooting of the Tondor Board was held yobterday, whon the following tenders woro reooived :-Erection of a timber beam bridgo over Umbango Creek, at Humula, (four), lowest N. Barton, £409 4s ; timber bonni bridgo, over Dun- garubba Creek, on road Woodburn to Broadwater (two), lowest Jos. M'Geary, £570 3s 8d; now superstructure for timber truss bridgo over Manilla River, at Barraba (one), Edward Fitzgerald, £2355 5s 4d ; construction of a bridgo with opening span and viaduct over North Crook, Riohmond Rivor (two), lowest H. Dening, £2355 7s 4d ; erection of a bridgo ovor Attunga Croei', on road from Manilla to Tamworth (five), lowest! A. Kahlhut, £854 14s 8d; erection of bridge ovtir Crisp's Creek on tho road from Goulburn to Cooma (threo), lowest John O. Rose, £303 8s lOd ; erection of low lovel timber beam bridgo over Tarra- bandra Flat, on road Gundagai to Brtinglo (four), lowest R. Long, £199 8s lOd ; erection of bath- room at Liverpool Asylum (nine), lowest W. Gazzard, £67 ; erection of verandah, matron's quarters at Parramatta Benevolent Asylum (10), lowest Mackellar and Wilson, £150 ; erection of timbor bridgo over Carabost Crook, at Humula (four), lowest Cummings and Bowden, £498 14s ; erection of gun-mounting shed at Spectacle Island (10), lowest T. L. Binns, £456 Is 4d ; erection of empty caso atoro at Spectacle Island (eight), lowest £191 5s 9d ; alterations to Young Gaol (eight), ono informal, lowest R. Millard, £234 Is 6d ; and erection of sholl stores and detonators' store at Spectacle Island (11), lowest George Boothby, £188. AT yesterday's meeting of tho Tendor Board the following tenders for the construction of looalworloj woro received :-Erootion of epileptic ward, Hospital for Insano, Parramatta : Geo. Boothby, £4995 ; G. W. Browor, £5163 ; W. Nollor, £5297 ; Banks and Whitehurst, £5320 ; G. and W. Peters, £3337; H. Cornish, £5445; J. Lavor, £5458; Brown and Tapaon, £5965 ; J. J. Dakin and J. W. Park, £6490 ; Mackollar and Wilson, £6082. Renewal of planking on iron wharf nt Darling Harbour : Geo Weeks, £2001 8s 5d ; Geo. David- son, £3994 2s ; Atkinson, Frnzor, and M'Clyraont, £2842 2s 6d. For tho same work, Messrs. Tilomas Ornm, Samuel M'Gill, John M'Donald, J. Arness and Sons, W. Mail, Taylor and M'Cluro, and T. F. Fagan and Co. teudorod at schedulo rates. For tho supply of labour only required in the construc- tion of stages for jetties at tho foot of Erskino stroot, threo tenders, ono of wliioli was informal, the lowoBt boing that of Atkinson, Fraser, and M'Clymont, £517 15s 6d. Tiru revival of the "Profligate" at tho Garrick Thoatro, last night, attracted an audience Bpeodily interested and touched by the Btöry of repentance and remorse. This ovoning Mr. Cartwright will take his benefit in " A Scrap of Paper, a delightful comedy by Sardón, in whioh this popular artist has a strong, high-toned oomody rule as Colonol Bioko, whilst Miss Olga Nothersolo is soon to great ad- vantage as Susan Hartley. "Tile Idler" will bo revived to-morrow, and "Villago Priest" will bo produced for the first time iu Australia, on Satur- day. A VEitY large and demonstrative audience wit- nessed tho final performance of " Lights of Lon- don " at Hor Majesty's Thoatro last night, when Mr. and Mrs. George Rignold, Mr. Wm. Rignold, Mr. Cathcart, Mr. Jowett, and Miss Roland Watts-Phillips were especially recognised with warmth on the eve of thoir departure from this oity. Abont a score of tho mombers of tho Rignold Dramatic Company loavo by tho express for Molbourno this afternoon, in- cluding all tho principals oxoopt Mrs. Goorgo Rignold and Miss Kato Bishop. Tho formor dolays her departure for a fortnight, whilst Miss Bishop is already in Molbourno, resting in antici- pation of tfco coming Shakespearian season, whioh, as has boon already stated, will bo openod at the, Theatre Royal by Mr. Rignold with "Merry Wives of Windsor." This evening and to-morrow Her Majesty's Theatre will bo closed, and on Saturday Miss Laura Villiers' company will make thoir first appearance in " A Colobrated. Case." AT tho Alhambra Musio Hall last evening a orowdod house assembled', the occasion boing a complimentary bonofit given by Mr. Frank Smith to the Btago- managor, Mr. Harry Barrington. Long before tho curtain roso sonta wore unobtainable, and at the commencement of tho performance thoro was no standing room. During tho evening Mr. J. Deoble sang " So was Mino," for whioh ho rocoivod muoh applause. Tho programme presented was that placed on tho boards on Monday," and whioh will be adhorod to for tho remainder o£ the week. THEBB was a moderate attendanoo at the Y. M. C. A. Hall lost night;, whon a pleasant ontcrtain montin aid of " Our .Boys" Instituto was givon undor tho direotion of JUiss Monres, with tho assist- ance of some of hor -pupils. The honours of tho evening were carried off by Miss M. Broadbout and Miss Portas, the foranor reciting with a great deal of spirit and feeling " The Newsboys' Dobt," and the latter- giving dramatic expression to Lytton's "Aux Italiens." The speaker's voico was supported by a pianoforte aocompanimont, but thiB, though wolf played, was muoh too obtrusivo, with the effect of partially obscuring the story recited. Little Miss M'Nicholl gained applause for hor recital of "Becalmed," and another tiny ohild, Miss lûlnrinstor, was encored for her pianoforte rendering of variations upon " Home, Swoot Home. " Tho littlo pianist would bo bettor advised, if directed to play oasier musio on snob occasions, as tho profusion of wrong notes last night was astonishing. Miss O'Shun nessoy, Miss Maud Portas, Mr. Nobbs, and Mr. A. Noble snug ballads, and Miss Naylor accompanied throughout with »kill. A LABOI: audienco assembled in the North Sydney School of Arts last evening to listen to a recital of Churlos Dickons' woll-known " Christmas Carol," givon by tho Rev. Joseph Parker, pastor of tho North Sydney Congregational Church. The moral, pathotic, and humoro'uB passages in the popular author's ghost story wero recited with effect l>vJiio rov. gentleman, who fiora the. corn,-1 menceraont to the oloso of the piece was successful in evoking the sympathy of those present. At tho conclusion Mr. Parker was loudly applauded. Tho ohair was taken by Mr. E. M. Sayers. The pro- ceeds of tho entertainment a\vo to bo dovotod to tho fund for tho extinction of tho dobt now existing on tho church. Trm half-yearly social of the Now South Walos Eleotrio Tolograph Socioty was hold in the Sydney Catering Company's Rooms, Pitt-streot, on Tuesday evening last, about 90 boing present. Mr. W. F. Corbott, obnirman of tho sooioty, pro sidod, and there wore presont as guests Mr. Crack- nell (Superintendent of Tolegrnphs, Now South Wales), Mr. W. Wilson (manager), Mr. R. H. lXipsley (assistant manager), Mr. C. Gregory (ucliouutant Telegraph Department) ; also, Mr. W. Burnott (president) and Mr. Templeton (hon. scorctary of tho Post Oflioo Clerical Association). Apologies for non-attendance woro received from tho Postmaster-General and heads of the depart- ments. The musical portion of tho programmo was supplied hy Messrs. Spencer, Keogh, Hyndos, Lartor, A. M'örath, and Pago. y TnE second annual banquet in connection with tho Cornhshmon's Association of Now South Wales was held in Quong Tart's rooms, King street, last evening. Tho ohair wus occupied by Dr, Crugo, and about 100 porbons sat down to an oxcellont repast, after whioh an oxtensivo toast list was disposed of. Tho toasts of " Tho Queon," " Our Duke and Duchess," nud " Tho Governor " wero proposed by tho chairman and drunk with musical honours. "The Comishmen's Associa- tion of Now South Wales" was givon by Mr. F. W. Denbigh (secretary), and was responded to by Dr. Crago. Tho other toasts woro-" Tho Old Home," proposed by Mr. E. W. Jenkins and acknowledged hy Mr. L. Tiddy; " Fish, Tin, and Copper," givon by Mr. White and responded to by Mr. Uren ; " The Land Wo Livo In," by Mr. Cox and replied to by Mr. Hawken ; "Visitors and Kindred Associations," proposed by Mr. F. W. Donbigh and responded to by Mr. E. Wedlock (of tho South Australian association), "The Press," and "The Chairman." At the conclusion of tho toast list tho party sang " Trelawney," tho Cornish patriotic song. Solos and recitations wero con- tributed by a number of tho members. A KEETINO of tho Assooiation of Graphio Arts took placo in tho Royal Foresters' Hall, Castlo reagh-stroot, on Tuosday evening, tho purpose of tho meeting being to finally adopt tho now rules and elect officers for tho ensuing your, Thoro was a largo attendance of mombors. Mr. D. H. Souter waa otected president, Mr. Alfred Wensloy vico-prosidout, Mr. H. J. A. Baron troosuror, and Mr. 0. Tarrant secretary. A'HEETINO of French residents was hold yes- terday afternoon in tho Woolbrokors'-chombers, Ciroular Quay, for tho purpose of forming a benefit society under the titlo of Société Françaiso do Bienfaisance do la Nouvelle Galles du Sud. About 50 of tho principal French residents wero presont. Mr. F. Rigoreau, tho Vice Consul for Franco, presided. Tho socioty, pi which tho Consul for France is tho patron, has for its objeot the roliof of casos of distress among Fronohmon in tho colony. Rulos for tho govornmont of the socioty woro agrood to, and the following gontlemou woro elected officers :-President, Dr. Lauro ; vioo-pro sidonts ; Messrs. A. Lo Forestier und F. Rigorouu ; treasurers, Messrs. 0. Moutofioro and E. Miohaut ; secretaries, Messrs. Th. Funck and E. Boivin. Before hor departure Madame Sarah Bernhardt gavo a donation of £3 to tho then proposed socioty, nnd Baron Gourgaud contributed a lileo amount. The committeo of the national feto has handed over to tbosooiety the balanco from tho lost pionio, viz., £24 6s 6d. Subscriptions toward the fluids wero also mado at tho meeting. ON the 9th instant, a lecture was delivered in tho Congregational School Hall, Croydon, hy tho Rov. T. J. Pepper, who has recently returned from a tonr in Europo aud tim Holy Land. Tho subject oí tho lecture was "A Week in Jerusalem." A largo panoramio pioture of the Holy City was displayed on tho wall. The lecturer commonccd by enumerating the points of interest of which ho intended to speak, and tho position thoy occupied in relatian to the city. Lantern viows woro then thrown upon tho screen, and each representation was described. Tho accounts of visits paid to tho Church of tho Holy Sepulchre, tho Mosquo of Omar, and the Garden of Gothsemano wero especially full. Tho disoussion of the truo Bite of Calvary oxoitod oloso attention. The chair was occupied by Mr. Win. Pratt. Hourty votes of thanks brought a profitable evening to a oloso. 0» Tuosday ovening tho Rov. Goo. Grimm, M.A., lecturodin St. Paul's, Balmain West, on the " Exploration of Africa." Mr. John Kirkland presided, and Mr. Noblo, of tho Public Behool, traced the travellers' toutes on a map. LAST evoning the Rev. J. W. Inglis, of Parra- matta, dolivorod a locturo entitled " Field Preachers of tho Scottish Reformation," in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, off Bathurst stroot. Tho ohair was occupied by tho Rev. Alexander Miller. The lecturer dealt prin- cipally with tho sacrificing work for tho causo of freedom and Christianity of John Welsh, Richard Cameron, and Alexander .Çcdon. During tho ovening organ solos wero oomtributed by Messrs. A. and T. H. Massey, and solos wera rendered by Messrs. P. Bates and A. Edwards and Mrs. A. Massoy. THE weekly sailors' concert ivas given in tho Bethel schoolroom, Circular Quay, last night. There was a largo attendance. 'JPho chaplain (tho Rev. J. Bonnott Andorson) presided, and opened tho ooucort by reading the story of tho Prodigal Son. Among those who took poa-t in tho enter- tainment woro Mr. Haigh, city missionary ; Mr. G. A. Gullivor Geo, Miss Mott, Miss Richardson, Miss Tatham, Mr. Power, Mrs. Firth, and Mr. T. Loigh White. WE havo boen shown by Messrs. Kerry and Co., photographers and ort publishers, of Gcorgo Btroot, somo enlargements of instantaneous photo- graphs taken at Randwick on "Derby Day." Tho pictures aro 22in. Tiy 18in. in sane, and havo beou reproduced by tho process known as tho "Mezzotypo." Two of thom show tho saddling paddock on tho course, just hoforo the start for tho Derby, and a third shows tho same paddock after the race, with Lady Jersoy pinning tho hluo ribbon round the neck of tho winner. All tho photographs contain oxcollont groups of well-known sporting characters, with the Vico rogal party in each of tho foregrounds. Tho horses, too, can bo riîadily recognised, and in- deed, tho dotada aro brought out with much clearness. The process adopted, it may bo men- tioned, has the advantage of being as nearly per- manent as is possible. Tim annual meeting of the Churoh Socioty in oonnoction with St. John's Churoh, Darlinghurst, was hold lost evening in tho schoolroom. Tho Primate ocoupicd tho ohair, and was sup- ported by the Revs. A. W. Pain (incumbent of tho parish) and S. S. Tovoy. The annual report was read and adopted. It showed that .tho total receipts for tho year 1890 had amounted to £604 2s Od, as against £675 4s 8d for 1889. This falling off was attributed to the loss, through doath, of a number of largo, contributors to tho fund and also to tho removal of others. The Primate moved and tho Rov. S. S. Tovoy seconded,-"Tlint this meeting, oelieving the Churoh Sooioty is carrying on a groat and benofi cont work, and is deserving of tho hearty snpport and sympathy of all churchmen, resolves to con- tinue to it a warm and steady support, and to endeavour to oxtond tho interest in tho Booioty and it« work." This was carried unanimously. Mr. 0. B. Stephen then moved and Mr. 0. Dolohory seconded,-"That the following bo the office- bearers and committee for the ensuing year -.-Pre- sident, Rov. Arthur W. Puin, B. A. ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. W. L. Dooker; ropresontativos, Messrs. W. Douglas Walker and W. L. Docker; committee, Rev. A. Kill worth, B.A., LL.B., Messrs. Justico Stephon, F. It. Dangar, R. Hills, J. Soroggio, P. B. Walker, J. F. Hoylo, R. Jones, 0. W. Darley, V. Walker, 0. Dolohory, W. L. Dooker, J. F. King, A. H. Macarthur, M. 0. Cowlishaw, T. 0. Burnell, 0. W. F. Addison, Dr. Rundió, and Colonel Airoy ; Lady collectors : Mrs. Soroggio, Mrs. Briggs, Mrs. Hammorsloy, Miss West, Miss A. Jonoa, Miss M. Icely, Miss M. Grovillo, Miss Sparke; secretary and treasurer, Mrs. E. Palmor." M'his motion waa also carriod. Tho Rev. A. W. Pain proposed a voto of thanks to tho chairman for presid- ing, which was carried with acclamation. In replying, tho Primate referred to tho pleasure it gavo him to bo residing in Darlinghurst, not only on account of tho convouionco it was to himsolf for attending to his dutios, but also because it wa« tho first suburb ho lived in whon ho arrived lost year. It was notified that .£277 had boan promisod in the hall, and tho mooting closod. O.v Tnesday ovening Dr. J. 0. Paton, one of the founders of the Presbyterian Mission in the Now Hebridos, addressed a mooting in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Sohoolroom, Parramatta. The Rov. J. W. Inglis presided. Dr. Paton referred to tho I Tyori;. oai; -J,,, on, ia, thoeo. islands,,, sod, gwo 4«. account of his narrow escapo from martyrdom somo 30 years bnck, when several native teachers wero killed and oaten. Tho speaker said that in thcbo islands now mission work was progressing wonder- fully, and in oneil of tho 20 islands life aud^ pro- perty woro absolutely secure. At tho conclusion of tho address a collection was mado on behalf of tho mission funds. THE Prim_to desires to notify that, during Ü10 Session of tho General Synod, his arrnngoments for interviews ni tho Registry will bo suspoudod. Ho will bo glad if the olorgy and 0010« will allow business not of an urgent character to remain in abeyance until the closo of tho Synod. THE anniversary of tho Contrai Mothodist Mission Sisters' Homo was colobratcd in tho Cen- tenary Hall, Xbrk-streot, yesterday. In tho afternoon a largo numbor of friends visited tho now homo at No. 6 Jeraoy-terraeo, Crown-slrect. A tea was afterwards served at tho Cen- tenary Hall, their being a largo gathorhig. At a later hour a publio mooting was held in tho hall. Tho Rov. Gcorgo Brown, president of tho conference, presided, and thero was a largo congregation. Tho mooting having boon opened with prayer and praiso, tho Rov. W. G. Taylor made a stntement oa to tho position of file mission, no Baid that from its inception thero had been clear indications that tho mission was a work of God. It commenced with four bisters, nnd thero woro now 10. Mr. Vickery had lidded to, his provious kindness by placing nt the disposal of tho committoo a much botter and larger building than tho mission had at first. This has been fumishod principally by monoy contributed by tho Indies of tho comiuitteo and thoir frionds. It was also intended to extend tho work in tho direction of dealing moro dircotly with tho spiritual needs of cabmon, 'busdrivers, shoeblacks, nnd polioomon, ono sister having already volunteered for that work. Tho col- lections nt all tho bcrvioes uraountod to £114 11s Gd. An address was dolivorod by tho Rev. R. Baviu, and Sisters Hagon, Jones, Parsons, and Wllker woro asked a series of questions, pre- sented with Bibles, and formally recoivod into tho sisterhood of tho Homo. -The sisters gavo their experiences, and tho Rov. W. Clarko dolivored a special address to thom. THE body of tho Into Pastor Daniol Allen was yesterday interred in tho cemetery at Rookwoo a. in tho presonco of a largo numbor of friends repre- sentativo of lho Loyal Orango Institution, of whioh tho deceased gentleman was grand chap- lain, and of différent Religious Beotion- of tho com- munity. Tho coffin containing tho remains was taken from tho pastor's late rosidonco into the ad- joining chupol, whoro a special funoral sorvioo was hold. Tho coffin was then transferred to tho hoarse, and, preceded by a largo numbor of Oraiijgemon and followed by tho relatives and frionds of tho deceased, was takon to tho mortuary station, and thenco to Rookwood. Tho mombors of tho deceased gontloman's family wero tho rcçipdouts during tho day of many tokons of sympathy. MB. D. KI__OA_D_S, tho oliiof trafilo manngor, has reported to the Railway Commissioners that a passenger on tho Sydnoy- Bourko oxpress on tho 8th iuBtant, ubout 1 p.m., wheu tho train was »bout half u-milo west of Girilambone, was asleep in ono of tho enrriagos. Suddenly ho jumped out of the ourringo window lo the ground. Ho escaped uninjurod, and subsequently proceeded on his journey. A L_oOtm__ named Peter Rigney was admitted to tho Sydney Hospital yesterday Bnßoring from ti fracturo of tho baso of tho skull, said to havo boon causod by a fall down a lift-hold at Mossra. Golds-rough, Mart, and Company's wool store at Darling Harbour. A YOUNO man named John Allen, l8 years of ago, had tho misfortune to havo his loft oyo badly injured yesterday afternoon. Ho staled that the injury was caused whilo ho was qumrrolling with another person, who is alleged to havo stuck the end of an umbrolla into Allen's oyo and. split tho oyolid. Allon was taken to tho Sydnoy Hospital and admitted for trcatmont. ' AJÍ accident occurred last night shortly before 11 o'clock, at tho Redfern Railway Station. An engine, as is customary, drove a number of carriages attached in to No. 5 platform, for tho Homebush train. For somo unknown reason, no ono was in charge of tho carriages. Two smallor cars wero at tho end of tho platform, and into these the carriages for tho Homebush train collided with great force, and tho cars wero telescoped. Mr. Stntionniustor Johnson, seeing the blunder, ondenvoured to roach tho braira ; but, boforo that could bo accomplished, tho collision hod occurred. Tho damage was confined to threo carriages ; but thoy Buttered considerably. Ma. J. B. PATTEKSO-, M.L.A., giving ovidenoo boforo lho Victorian Parliamentary Standing Com- mittoo on Railways on Septombor 8, with regard to lus observations on the American railways during liis recent tour, Baid that ho found that Amorioau engineers and peoplo had an abhorrence of tunnels, and did a great deal to avoid making ono. Street railways woro common thero, and with the pre- cautions tuleen wero safely eonduotcd. Mr. Patterson's Amorican oxporionco has dissipated an idoa ho previously ontortainod-that railways might bo constructed in u flimsy manner with suocoss. Ho now bolicvcs ia a thoroughly sound roadway, with Bound sleopors sufficient in quantity, and strong rails. With these condition-, and proper drainage, ballast is not required. Tho Americans save largely as compared with our rail- ways in tho matter of equipment of country lines, for thoy havo no stations, platforms, or fences, nnd no porters or gatokeopors. Thoy also gain muoh in tho economical management of tho traffic, re- fusing to run trains oxcept whoro there is loodiug backwards and forwards. With tho exception of tho want of conveniences for possongors on long journoys, ho considers tho Victorian railways equal to any in tho world, and tho care* and attention which tho publio receive aro not to bo exceeded anywhere. TEE roport of tho Now South Wales Royal Com- mission on Strikes is (says tho National Observer) a didaotio dooumont. It contains a rovolation of how in Australia and olsoivkoro tho " groat problom of the ago " is to bo got rid of, and leave that problem piotty much whoro it found it. Labour disputes injuro tho interests of industry, frighten uway capital, and "damp tho spirit of antorpriso." Trades-unionism, bonton onoo in ita strugglo for tho upper hand, will como up again to tho scratch ¡ a bettor understanding botweon work- men and employers would toko away half tho desire and most of tho occasion of quarrel ¡ a com- bined board of oonoiliatiou and arbitration might do tho rest, without rosorting to lho new-fangled inventions of sociaHam. That appears to bo tho sum of tho roport, and it scarce neodod a Royal Commission to toll us that. AN advertisement in onothor column announces tluit a dopot for tho solo of noodlowork, flowers, &o.;, m connection with the Women's Industrial Leaguo has been oponed at 334 Georgo-streot. 