THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I WOULD give a million dollar» for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Noa-, a million dollors (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to by the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, bf No. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, ia not so rich as many, beingngardener.buthe was readyenough to give all Tie had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beesten, near Nottingham, my ap petite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky chat I often had to remove it with my fingers. My ohest used to ' fill up' and my tbrrat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of breath und had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six week». " I then went ns out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my f rienda said it was all up with rae. For eigh, teen months I kept gutting better, then worse and at last tho doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I come to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an in door recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmary, Derby. I found, however, that all thc beds in the hospital were full, and I saw roy club doctor ana also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and mutt die ; the other doctors, after soundingmylungs and chest, said nothing, but »hook their head*. "Getting a trifle better my old master, allowed me to do what littlo I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things wenton llketbis until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was alwaysooughing and spitting up phlegm, some times as much as a teacupful at euee, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm mould cholee me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parohed and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a Sicco of brown leather, ana Icould keep nothing awn. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' / can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, bemuse your lung» are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a oou_'h cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * d'« <\ you wont cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world. ' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills, Darloy Abbey, said to me, 'Tom. did you ever try Mother Stigel's Syrup f and told me how he had been cured af ter being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sont my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine far three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days mure I was ahle to go out for a shqrt walk, By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, as Itellcveryono, tnatMother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. Ioommenced work nt once, and have never lost adey's work since, "Of course my strength did not return a|l at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever sinoe. In giving his consent to the publication of thia remarkable B ta tomeo t, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to himor to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is ac quainted willi all tho facts alleged. Mr. Gas kin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears nn excellent reputation. Now, wlyit was tho complaint from which bc suffered ï Äof flattening Consumption cer tainly (as one of the doctora t/ioujht), or he could have galloped into hit grave in le.su that, three tnonthi, instead of growing wareo for si'ven yenrB. His complaint waa chronic in flammatory dyspepsia (ur chronic gastric catarrh) which has luug symptoms like con sumption, (or which it is BO often ignorantly mistaken und wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Motlier Seigel's Syrup, was used tho diseuse yielded, as all díanosos of the digcitive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation- We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin eu his recovery, and commend tho facts of his case to all thinking paapkv Tl\o qarçk at Monto Carlo has boen winning tn u wonderful extent recently, und there has boen a groat increase in gambling thora, A lunatic (¡rod three times at the Kev. John Hill, an eminent Presbyterian Minister, when tho latter was leaving bis church in New York yesterday, Tho rev. gentleman was, howover, unhurt. A rumour is current in political circles that owing to differences of opinion lu thc Unionist party with regard to the proposed Local Gov ernment Bill for Ireland, the Government will mako au appeal to tho country in January next. 