CRUMBS. A wet autumn. Sir George Grey. Wheat—No sellers. Jumbo's boss followed him. Victoria is in a tight corner. Strike me lucky, wot a fine! George Bates is 91 years old.' Hats off for David Lindsay. Rather a stiff fine, Mr. Pater. Northern Land Board are busy. Obit—Genial James Johnston. Pastoralists happy; plenty rain. A smack on the eye for Victoria. Victorian wheat statistics alarming. Rain fallen where it is most wanted. Victorian loan only partially floated. The Irish tenants deserve sympathy. Wheat is being held for larger prices. David Lindsay is off to unknown land. Statesman, scholar, aristocrat, democrat Sir George Grey, K.C.B., D.C.L., LL.D. ' Umbrellas and overcoats getting an airing. The only Kennedy ib off for a provincial tonr. Mr. Oswald Brown nearly finished his task. Alexander Hay hadn't a rosy time at Nor wood. Good totalizator dividends at Morphett ville. The Middlesex is the champion jnniorcrioket team. ■A father and son poisoned through eating tripe. Mr. Beddome had a good time in San Fran cisco. . Mr. Cox got £250 for the erioted Irish tenants. Our police were not asleep at I a.m. on Sunday. The word " kaipi" (Maori) is "very good"in English. The delegates received great hospitality in Sydney. Dr. Campbell had a quiet meeting at Kadina. Farmers' jubilant. Is that in type, Mr. Printer? Johnston, the Ballarat murderer, sentenced to death. Mr. McDonald starts races no more for the S.AJ.C. Government let a contract to Gawler for £300.000. Public schools to be better deoorated. A good idea. South Australia is proud of its exploring traditions. Mining prospects at Broken Hill improved by raiufaJL The old warrior could not resist a return to the battle-field. Colonies may have to aocept much lower prices for loans. Professor Rennie says Adelaide water shows . no deterioration. Mr. Egeson's last cbance for drought was rudely shattered. Years since we had such a complete break up in the weather. Milkmen promise good measure now the wet weather is coming. Fifteen miners doing well on the alluvial in MacDonnell Ranges. Six ounces of nice alluvial gold from the MacDonnell Ranges. Adventures on land and on water by Cald well and J. R. Kelly. Protector had better bo pnt in readiness for trouble with Victoria. Sir Thomas Elder has splendidly eqoippod the exploration party. Goodwood Handicap weighed out the largest field on reoord—23 horses. Our Railway Commissioners must fasten the Barrier trade more than ever. 560,000 gallons a day excellent water struck at 1,000 ft. depth in Queensland. Mr. Cox discharged a delicate task with much judgment and considerable tact. IJiiiLaii Uinlsf/uwl Dlinnlina Ml IVli Father Bickford supplies am interesting account of a visit to Yorke's Peninsula. An interesting character sketch of 'Uir George Grey, K.C.B., D.C.L., LL.D., elsewhere. It has been suggested that there should be a race meeting monthly during the dry season. Playford and Munro can weep together now they are brothers affliotedby unsuooesaful loans. Mrs. F. Hart, of Aldinga, died last week, and was buried on Sunday—another good old colonist gone. Martin & Co. bave undertaken to reoeive £00,000 a year from theUailwayCommissioners for five years. Poor Johnston must be still mad. He be lieves himself to lie innocent of murdering bis wife and bairns. Are the Railway Commissioners sacrificing the convenience of the public to get an extra | per cent, profit? New South Wales wants a loan, but will not float one on account of the unfavourable state of the market. Mr. W. H. Fatten has not recovered his mental balance; while Mrs. Patton is, it is feared, incurably ill. Freedom of contract—" The right of any man to give or accept employment without interference or molestation. The Mayor. Adelaide, New Zealand, The Adelaide Jtcgisler, Melbourne, South Australia. Those are English ideas of us. Alarmists may rest assured that it would be as impossible as unwise for the larger colonies to gobble up their little sisters. The Commonwealth Bill to bo submitted to the people. " A Bill so pervaded by toleration and consideration must Ire the basis of federa tion." Professor Rennic certifies as to the quality of the Hojkj Valley brand of <tgua para. Satisfactory to those who take their liquor straight. The last number of the P.M. Budget repro duces portraits nmougst leading men of Aus tralia, of the Hon. TV Play/ord and Sir .7. W. Downer. The .electric lire-alarms have proved so successful that the men and reels are not now stationed at the Arcade and in King William street during every night. The mission of Mr. Mitchell, M.L.A, to England to induce capitalists to aid bim in the development of the iron mining industry of New South Wales, is likely to be successful. Some Quorn residents attribute the recent outbreak of diphtheria to the disgusting con dition of the State school outbuilding. What do you say to that,. Inspector-General Hartley? Pax.—On April 10, sixty-two years ago, tho Roman Catholic Emancipation Bill was passed in the House of Lords by a majority of 213 to 100\. three days after wliich the royal assent was given to it by George IV. of pious memory. Many years before this indigen cies were most graciously granted to the Catholics; thus in 1780 they -were actually permitted to purchase land and to bold it by descent, and this, too, in Protestant Eng land. " 0 tempora l O mores I" But this roused tbe righteous indignation of the Protestant Association, which 40,000 strong, headed by Lord George Gordon, petitioned for the repeal of the obnoxious Act, insulted tbe members of burned down, and demolished the chapels and houses of the Roman Catholics, broke open the prisons, liberated tbe prisoners, attempted even the Sank of England, and for six succes sive days set the civil power at defiance. As many as thirty-six fires were seen biasing at one time. At length 2X0 of the rioters were killed, 248 were wounded, and lots of others were tried, convicted, and executed. Mais you know nous avons nowadays chmngt for better or for worser tout ccta. . HO. Fax.—You ore not superstitious, are you ? O, dear no. I thought not. And you don't believe in dreams, nor palmistry, nor legerde main, nor conjuration, nor astrology, nor sortilage, nor magic, nor cenomanoy, nor Borcery, nor physomacy, nor witchcraft, nor decromanqy, nor thaumaturgy, nor soothsay ing, ' nor christaltomantia, nor psychomacy, nor demonology, nor any other of the occult sciences. O, dear, no. Well, but you will admit that fax is fax as sure as "eggs is eggs." Then what do you think of the following, which is related on authority as unimpeachable as that which in the reign of CbarleB IL brought Lord Stafford tothescaffold. In the lifeof Lord Lvttelton it is recorded that in 1779 His Lord ' ship had adreain or vision that a young female, dressed in white, solemnly warned him of his dissolution in three days from thence. On the third day His Lordship had a party to spend the evening with him, and about the time predicted, ho remarked "I believe I shall jockey the ghost," but in a few minutes after wards he wa6 seized with a sudden faintness, was carried to bed, and gave up the ghost at the age of 35 years. Fax.—It is a memorable fact that on tiiis .memorable April 13 of the memorable year, 1598, Henry IV. of France issued the memorable .edict of Nantes granting to the Huguenots the unrestrained exercise of their religion. And .you know this continued in force till in 1CS5 it was revoked by Louis XIV. Now then, my candid and intelligent reader, just "read, mark, ' learn, andinwardlydigest" what that biographer of Louis, surnatned Dicu-doune lias to say about it:—"Amid all his glory, Louis com mitted an act of impolitic cruelty by the re vocation of the edict of Nantes, granted by Henry IV. in favour of the Protestants. This revocation drove from France a vast number of ingenious mechanics and others, who settled in Germany, Holland, and England, where they established various manufactures to the detri ment of their own country." You know, I .suppose, what an old author named Shakes peare has Eaid about " he who has no music in his soul." If you are not one of that class you will join with me in paying a heartfelt tribute of profound respect to the memory of the illustrious George Frederic Handel, who de parted this, lite on Easter Sunday, April IS, 1759. J1 ax. — JLlus is wli.it our indefatigable Crumbman and Historiographer-in- Chief has rescued from the literary duet and rubbish of the misty past, author unknown:—"The trial of Milo for the murder of Clodius during the courtship of Pompey took place April 0, B.C. 52. All the unwashed industry of the City of Home was crammed within the Forum upon [that momentous day; but neither Cato's candid ballot nor the splendid labours of Tully were sufficient to save the tyrant-killer, so he was banished to Marseilles, and his estate confiscated." But you must not confound this Milo with that other fellow of the same name who in the sixth century B.I. posed as an athlete at Crotona.. Why, they say that his strength was so enormous that he carried a bullock on his shoulders more than forty yards. And they do say he then killed the bullock with one Mow of his fist, and ate it np clean as a whistle at one meal. We no more doubt the truth of this than wa do the statement of the veracious Ovid, namely, that " in attempting to Bplit a tree it 'closed upon his hands, and held him fast while' wolves devoured him." What say yon. Fax.1—It is a fact that during the second ' ' Axoth£Expedition of Captain Parry the mari nere■issued; a manuscript periodical entitled tfhe'bMIforth Pole Gazette," and that this ■Gaeette oontained an account of the trial of TbmSmithfor damaging the frontispiece of rcone Bob Ratling. The evidenoe went to show fJ'ddiat . Smith was shaving himself while the '^sboatswatyi waB toasting his rum, that the cuddy j door was unexpectedly opened which instantly '•(cahadd' the lather to freeze upon Ratling's ■ .'phiz ; that Ratling applied to Smith, theship's carpenter, to remove the frozen suds from his figurehead, who, by his unskillful use of his imallet and chisel, carried away three-quarters of an inch of complainant's proboscis. Yes, .and it is a fact that "faots are (sometimes) stranger than fiction." E.G. In northern Siberia the thermometer has been known to fall 96° below freezing; that milk is sold in frozen blocks; that butchers' meat defies the knife as if it were granite; that frozen chicken, partridges, and other game are thrown to gether in heaps like bricks; and that the butchers often place their animals in fantastic positions before freezing tliom to death. 