WOMAN'S COLUMN, GIRLS, GREEKS, AND GYMNASTICS BY ROSS DE BOHEME. "Her stature tall—I hate a dumpy woman,''which proves Byron to have been a cynic of discerning taste, yet there is the woman whom he would have probably agreed with us in hating still more—the gawky. You may, by dint of judicious dressing, drape Miss Dumpy into something winsome and wholesome-looking; mothers and dressmakers alike wring despairing hands over that long-drawn-out awkwardness commonly known .. a " gawk." For liberal stature, like many another good thing in life, require tact of management, and your poor gawk can manage herself so little that she foals eternally in the way, and .jon»«»« - har discomfort to others. Lit'le Miss Dumpy, as a rule, looks comfortably self-satisfied ; at tba worst abe knows she is nat taking up an" body's room, snd if people don't admire ber very nuoh, st least they like her Ketty well, for is nt abe always msrry «nd good-natured, after tho manner of plumpness ? But her elongated sister, -with a stoop and a shuffle and a deprecating " I .«ouldn't-bslp-it " air. painfully suggests a hedge- ley on th» look-out; and no wonder, poor thing, iori! not her physique a chronic grievance against humanity ? She cannot help it, 'tis true,' but somebody else could. Yea, somebody else could; or perhaps, to be strictlyexact, we should say that a good many people ar» responsible who gave never a thought 10 her existence, physical or moral. Her one-sided ' development, juBt like little Dumpy'» stunted growth, is the fault, not of mother or nurse, but of generations of mothers and nurses, who preferred ' narrowness to nature and sentiment to sense. Her ätnguid limbs and languid energies are th« off nyring of fashion and prejudice, and it will take 'décales, if not centuries, to undo the evil wrought .during deotdet if not centuries. Tradition has ¡landed down to oe a female idoal, a delicate bundle . »f nerve» and fads, of freaks and tears, of elegant tae'lnesi and lady Uko lanzuor ; snd lifo brings us ? lice to face with a female reality, unfit for life's 'ordeals, unfit for womanhood's ordeal, and afflicted with nu'uberlesi diseases bearing high-sounding names which might all be included under one heading : Nature's Revenge. ' And, really, when you think of it. Dame Nature is a terribly spiteful " old cat." Nobody would suspect the mother of à large family of sparing time for such petty doings. The way in which she pays children out fox parental folly,'bestowing flat chests as a reminder that mamma tight-laced, or sprawling feet as a legacy from port-gouty grand paps, crooked backs, sickly complexions, useless muscles, ' over-active nerves, all as retaliation for ancestral vice or folly- well, if you or I were one qojrfUr as vindictive we should be " dropped " by cfWy self-respecting member of polite society. But that is where Nature baa the pull ovorui; we oannot ignore her ¡ and having to reckon perms-, wolly with the old lady and her mean ways it be hoye» ns to study her tactics and fight her on her sown ground, ve., don't offend ber in the pre- ssât and let the ohildren of tho future have fair jlay. ; Foi th» children of tho present have undoubtedly st hone to pick with her-a very largo bone, I thought, as I watched some of them tho other day «tagymnastio lesson,' Not that thee girls-it vas a girls' class-were such as a mo hrr would lisan te own, quite iha|contrary. There were lair, «weet faces to be noted in their groups, blight ayes, Bong silken plaits, fluffy ourla, red lips curving .with merrimont aa in i their pretty costumes they .wialdod clubs, elinlb»d ladders, and swung round on ?whirling rope», toïthe imminent dangerof my head. 'Thee wore unmirtikab'y happy and apparently healthy, but.-buV-^thst pretty, page-'ike costume, . 'moetrwonmioi otmlltoa well- modelled figure,is amer «llMbetray«rs}f ?shortcomings. And lespitogymnastio training, th» ebortcomiucs ar» there, so numerous, so ohv¡ouf>,^tjo terrible in their prophecies, that one wondoni.'wbat is to bo the end of a race the future ttothr^» of which have »neb an inheritance of woe to p'/tt on. A few months and years of phvsioal couture cannot undo the physical negleot ef genera ' jbtH ; and as my ey» roved from the unhealthy corhplexien of one bright fae« to the sharp contour ?of another, from this rounded back and contracted .ehast'to that.attenuated limb, the weary ghost of ..the coming woman seemed to overshadow the lithe .form 6f the happv girl, and I understood with a nuddei pang why the med'cal brass plate is so ex- cept iotally common in Sidney. "Yea, »ha's a fine-grown girl," said a mother, wheie ' bright, well-iiereloped lass I had boon ad- miring," but she'* th» only strong ens I har«, and von sse sb» has'nt begun hor hard étudie» yet ; they all lay np with th» long hour» and the examinations)-at ltsst, l^say it's the study, and their father say» it's tb» »tay»; perhaps we're both right, but what'» to ibs done ? You can't lat your children lag behind, sad yon can't dies» them like guys. My girl likes thi» dregs better than any, bat she'd bo mobbed in the street if »ha went out in it; though they all do in América, I'm told ?" '' "Not quit» all," I aniwerod demurely, with a titi« of a New York belle floating before rn»; Imt ai I answered I studied my new friend's appear tiM*. - Just so. Parched dingy skin, narrow chest, :furur» aceultomod to sit " all of a heap," and on tit fats) that peculiar dragged and dejected look so ejomonly seen among our womenfolk. Was it , or study ? Could this woman's children i&iiiUy; btv» the stamina needed to dispense with ¡hs first and fae»the Moondi;vA» I looked at the fairjbtixon daughter my eyes filled; for the must «ot lig babied the rest, and »he roust dress like the test-and »he must also stiffer Uko tho test, But it it not the ttaya or the study t Creeks for the South- Set Greece I A popular modern historian whose activity of imagination is ?only equalled by bis capacity for administering ibutter, gave us years ago an overaose of the mnguont, from which we have not yet recovered, .A Urjsok land, thia of yours, ho told us unctuously, .with a Gr^ek olimate,-and Greek forms and facos Jo graos it Wo wore'naturally far too muon plessod with our classic- solves lo suspect tho groat historian of sarcasm: on the contrary, we straight- way sot to work to hunt up thia Greek type in our ' nijdat,' «nd by way of developing it our women hàvo assiduously cultivated Greek robos and Greek coiffures ; but the typo still remains hidtlon. lt is thiro no doubt; wo have a groat man's word for .Ibo, fact-there, but latent and it is evident that -we; must use some more aotiv« means to call it forth. For tho presont, will you kindly imagine -7°ur sensations at sight of an averago larrikin .er larrikiness porpetuatod in- marble on a pedestal ? ?If'yon objeot that the larrikin is not your national -rebreiontativiy I retort that ho is the weak.spot whereby the strength of the bridge ÍB proverbially .teited, and tliat so long as he romains a pronounced .national feature he romains a national typo of mis applied nerv* and muscle. The tvpe is susceptible .«of improvem/.'nt But how did the Greeks do it? we ask. We own t» their climate, and wo ara willing lo imitate them in the matter of beautiful surroundings ; Dtit bow are we to be born beautiful and statuesque ? ?Well, who says) the Greeks were originally born »0? Whoshalij provoto us that they never, like Topty, "growed " into the loveliness of form wt adoiire and envy ? Surround- ing! ;helped them, doubtless; artistic eta tnâfy, beauteous myth, sympathy with the soul of nature, the general harmony of'orzanio life finding eoho in your spirit all thnso, combined with healthy opan-air pursuit», oontribut« to beauty of face.»nd form ; but not these alone. Without her,Olympic, games Greece would never have been able to furnish her sculptors wilh those models of «anhoodaod womanhood which art has handed ^9.WH to the dj «pairing admiration of degenerate posterity. .It is a trite truth that the extraordinary beauty of ancitmt Greek «tatuar» arises from the perfect development of muscle and sinew th it underlies the jwifcot oontour of aimulated flesh, but do. wa all iiicognite the value of that truth ? Do ws ?remuiuher the «indy of hoalth laws, .tne.,. ,hone»t consideration of bodily ré quiwmentt, th» nature- culture, a« distinct from brain-culture, which gave to the «culpior sf rid hin model ; in a word, do we Hold a beautiful body to ba synonymous with a sound body in it» highett development ? The " beauty-of-decay" «hoöl'ha« hai I it« dsy, and lost. But haw we not .tili', « ; tende noy to look upon .' rude" health at somewhat va Igar, «sneoially for women, and ars we sot disposed i to pet and pamper female fragility, i forgetting t'&st; it ia a ours* not only lo th« owner thereof but 'lo the nation at large ? "True that our raedera modesty and morality would not consent to Ul tight of lad» sod lasses running and wrestling b publto-f;bough a cynic might draw unfavourable »mparitODi» between our hole-and-corner morals and ft» lotti pudeur et tam reproche ways M Greeot--but the same »nd can bo attained by Mit oonjpicuom means; and every true woman of to-dar viii till you that the noble, large-hearted lifo Itter which the etriies would be easier to compass If ovei.^queamish ancestresses had not handi *»PP»d, bs» with an undue »han of nerves aod tatas»!*. ' A;G»fi» objeetioiii ? I should think io, I know wn idl'by biart! Haven't thty btn dinned into *v «tn by timid greadmamu, ttrait-laotd eahool NHU> aMttukuf moilun, milmantsliit*, I tralilionUt», poohpoohiiit, till wt are ditf to blind1 ind ututtdled wi h tbe nitrated a»<*rtioi which «. not argument ? We ehalt over-strain lb girl's musoics and oripple 'them lor life ; w ?hall malte them maecu ¡ne in deportment, an consequently in mind ; we ahull enoouiage tsatt and habits which necesítate indelicacy in clott ing-this with an indignant glance at the gyn nastio tunic and knickerbockers; we shall rc them of that oharm of helpless dependence wbic ls so powerful in the matrimonial'market; w shall make them restless, ambitious, and combative wo shall teaoh them to wander from their hom allegiance ; above all-this from the masculin camp-wo shall unfit them for their proper sphen As a rule, be it observed, the male bird who crow loudest about woman's proper sphere is unable ( manage his own satisfactorily, but lot that pass in thia, as indeed in most cases, it is woman who i woman's worst enemy. Of course it is possible to overstrain girls'muscle as well as thoir brains, and' if nrij body oilers t train your daughter into an acrobat or a coutoi tionist, you will be wiso to doelino ; but jo would, I imagino, bo equally avorso to soein your pet eon oonohed as a prize-ii¿htor ? A lor tho risks involved in ordinary athletic exe cieos, do you really believe them to equal the ris implied iu leaving divers muscles unused till the aro woll-nigh paralysed ? Do you assert - but somo subjects aro only suited to a medici journal, and this artiolo is for family reading; i you really want to argue out the matter just g and havo a quiot talk in your doctor's consulting mom, and he will tell you that the appalling pr< portion of female ill-health in this sunny, wholi some land is mainly due to de.iberate defiance c Nature's laws, and that chief among the offence stands that neglect of specialised muscular traiuin which you uphold.. Tho quostion of coslumo is, I adroit^ mo: serious, for ws have the « hole army of millinei and dressmakers arrayed before us, flaunting thu standard of delicacy whioh is really tho only thin we cannot concede to then ; convenience and tn ditien and even taste tboy may plead if they Uki «e can even go so far os to iVavo them tho «tay for the prosent; for, say what you will, it ia absur to attempt to doprivo women of customary support till you have strengthened thom out of all need c support, and this is the work of'. more than on generation. But when it comos to dolicicy. . . H'm I Oh, don't luppote I should like to soe you Mathilda walking down the block in her " gym dress ; she might get mobbed, and mobbing it nc plo jsant or modest. But if you base your objeotio lo the proceeding on the score of delicacy, bot was it that you did not faint witl shams whon you took ber to the theatr last night ? Are bare vertebral and fore arms so very much more modest thai neatly covered ancles ? I am quite aware tba Diana in her classio costume would bo refuted ad mtttanoe into a dsoont ballroom, but I cannot fo the life of ma sea why Diana, running awiftly witl a healthy colour in her rounded cheek, should b lets estimnb e than little MitB Aphrodite waluinj the pearl powder off her shoulders. Yet, the costume quostion ia a more serious on than people suppose. It is around it that th auflest fighting will be sean, and it will hs onl Bottled when we have routed the tforementionei army by proclaiming aloud tbe creed that foina! modesty lies deeper than clothes. Thors ar already evidences of the ooming change; ou equestrienne no longer wear graceful skirt that imperil their lives ; our boating lause don rowing attire ? that givos the chest muscles full play ; French sportswomen thin! it no shamo to be seen in kilt and gaiters, or in tuni and knickerbocker ; when our women havo loarnet aliko to wear flowing drapories with graceful ease and to bestir themselves in kirtlo and buskin whei energy ia -required, then, and perhaps onl] then, shall wa know the fulness of physical life ant health. As it is-and the confession is humblin) enough-we are very muoh what our tailors ant dressmakers make us. But but, but, gasps the maddened camp of ad versaries, do you not .see what you are doing ! Your pretence of physical culture and freedom ii dress only veils a still moro deplorable laxity give woman muscular development, license her ti dressas she pleases, and you. know aoli enougl what follows : publio life, public .ambition, deter mined independence, professional careers, social ant religious heresies, a conlorapt for hor sphero, whj the mischief is already brewing, and if we don' take care there will aooa ba no women whose busi ness it it to get married, ind thoa May we only live to see that day I Tho da; when, not tho business parchment of marriage, bul tbe aloe flower of love, shall be a nob'o woman'i bad/e of honour ; .tho day on which s sordid union tba 1 bo looked upon as saorilego, and the mystert of life protected by sanctity ' of hoarb Uerosy Was there ever deadlier heresy than that whiol proclaims it a woman's duty to dispose of herself for life at the bast pries tho can oommand? . Het tphore ! Do vou know what it is, you who prate thereof so glibly? Do you know that ber sphere il love; that ahe waa born to cherish as well as to be chorished, io give as woll as to receive; to bear, guard, rear, and de- velop ohildron in aa atmosphère ot love, to be eternally sending out loveraya from her great heart, whereby the bloi-oma of ' our natnre ehall expand and fructify. And yon expoot her to accom- plish this by making marriage her "business!" Yet her business, ay and her chief business it must ba ao long as you trammel and fetter her-so long as yon proclaim the realm of tho hearth to be hot duty limit rather than hor joy- boundary. For so long as you clo-e avenues of occupation to hor, or stunt ber capacities for occupation, so long do you force her to sell herself into bondage, and who snail dare to blame her ? Tho wi man who lacks hread and cannot earn it must win it; and many another who is not short of food, sells herself out of pure deaouvromcnf and tho look of self-respect which life-weariness brings. And BO the matri- monial matt continuo» to thrive, and with it attoadant evils that cry aloud to the very heavens for justice. And yet you fear and demur and tremble; you think that physical and mental development will cramp a woman's heart ; you imagine that active life abroad may unfit her-for aotive home-life; that publio Burce-s will bo dearer to her than the reali- sation of those hop -s that are soor-tly plucking at her heart's sweetest sti-ints; that the enriched life- blood pulsing through hor voint will novitr glow with human emotions; that her clear, power lui, magnetio brain will never harbour dreams of a strong heart beating in unison, and little ohildreu I gathering round tho k'noe ; that she will abandon her glorious lovo-sphere tb the incapable little sister whom you have cramped and trammelled into cbronio hystoria; that she who is best qualified for maternity will refuse its joys and sorrows. I The Greeks knew better I The grand old G rooks who put their faith in nature and .guve her full play, emiting calmly ai thoy law the harmony around steal Into human life and attune it to the universal choir. Wus if by stunting and narrowing down her meioJioa to their own notation that they boped to produce grander cords ? Tht Grooks knew bettor ! Th«y feared not death, yet they valued life ut a great and noble boos, and, reverencing in woman tho life-treasurer, they did their best to aid ber self-development, to perfeot her in her task of linking the generations throughout all time. With no thought but the good of the race th-y bid hor throw down barríais and overleap obstaoleB, knowing that her woman's heart wou.d enlarge with har woman's frame, trusting to saturn's own talisman for tho preservation of Bex, And they have embodiei that trust in ons of their fairest legends. Atalanta, keenest »ports wo mao, and fletest runner in all Greece, lott the raoo and thereby brose her vow of celibacy-lost because »ha awerved saide to. seize the love-1 apple. ? ? 