THE SPECTRE CAPTAIN. Queer Acts of a Ghost Which Haunts a Steamer in Brooklyn Basin. “I’ll never go out near the old Taber Again,” said a well-known boatman of East Oakland one Sunday as he looked towards tku black balk of the steamship. William Taber, which lies near the Oakland estuary. “ Why not ?" Why, because she is hanntsd. Last night- I ws3 out with a party, and I ran my boat in under the eiera of the old ship. As we came around on the starboard side of the vessel 3ome one halloed, “ Who cornea there? Backwater quick or I will shoot.” I looked up, but saw no one. With me were two ladies and gentlemen, guests from Tubbs’ Hotel. They heard the voice, but, like myself,' were unable to see any one. “ The ladies were badly frightened, and begged m9 to pull away. I was about to do eo, when the watehman on the ehip looked over the gangway and wanted to know what wae up. “' Is it yon people that is making that noise down there?’ queried the old fellow. ‘If it is, you had better steer way, because I have heard noises enough on this ship to night without you people coming along and making any more.’ ” A WHITE-ROBED FIGURE. Continuing bis story, tbe best-man said: “ I pulled away io tho shore, arid es wo cloared the ship I Baw a white robed figure on the bridge. It was that of an elderly man. Ha had a fiowiiig white beard, and was directing the helmsman by hand signals I saw as plain as could bo the sprectre mo tioning to starboard, part, steady, Gtc-, and occasionally he would put down bis bend as if to null the slow down or back bell in tho engine room. No bell responded, but tho figure on tho bridge went through all tbo motions. Aft at the gangway stood the watchman, and in the sheen ot the moon light I saw the watokman o' tbe steamer. His face waH blanched and he called us back. The ladies in tbe boat were terror-si* ioken and insisted upon my rowirg to the shore, I had no alternative but to oompiy. By the time I landed them the tide wes flooding, and, although I wanted to go out to the vessel, I concluded to wait until morning rather than row against the tide.” This in substance was tbe story toid by Old Bob, tho well-known boatman in tbe Brooklyn Basin. Tiie man is noted for his sobriety, and hia Btory to the dfiCtlhat there is a spectre captain on the old Taber is confirmed by a number of canoeists who row on that portion c-f tbo bay known as Brooklyn estuary. They all claim to have seen the “old man on the bridge,” and aro' positive that it is not the watchman of the ship. T'ue old steamer is full of legend, and to' enumerate thorn all would bo almost impos sible. - ;; THE VBSM-m'S HISTtltY. Something like 10 years ago the steamship . William Taber was drawn up through tbe drawbridge of Oakland Creek. The vtSEtl is one of the old time steamship i. Sho S3 a side-wheel steamer, and when !i-,s5 put m the coast trade ran in < pgositien to-tho Goodsll-Perkins Eteamers. Tn this;mission she proved a formidable rival, inasmuch as she carried passongers and freight at such a reduction as to appal of thcregu \--njjjhe. : - :':.W d',;; going to coast pbrtSdsid-e£?sSi5_0ider to ride on tho vessel. > " The regular steamers charged 20 dollsra to Viotoria and Seattle, while the opposition carried passengers io the same ports for five dollars steerage and 10 dollars cabin. The result was that the rival companies made a pool, and contracted to pay Urn owe ere 5000 dollars a month to tie the shin up. Tue contract was to run 15 years, ard since then the old veeeei has been the 1 ;i The copper on her bailie mould*.u ar.d grt-.n. The woodwork of the bulwarks is decay mg, but- the engines and fire boxes are In trim, and the old ship can be fired op on a few hours notice, r.nu put iaio service. AS lliesame lime tho people of E jsl Oakland think the Wiilism Taber is haunted, and if she ever goes to sea again they will not rida 