AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. "Robbery Under Arms" certainly hits the taste of the Adelaide play going public for the houses at the Theatre Royal steadily increase even beyond the large returns of the first per- formance. Last night the gallery was full at half past 7, and the stalls rapidly followed suit. AH concerned played with the utmost spirit, and the piece went merrily from beginning to end, the curtain having to be raised several times on the sensational tableaux at the close of each act. Air. Dampier is to be congratulated on a state of things that augurs well for the reuiaiuder of his season. AcHvncn-CHAnBrN'CTOX Comi>axv. ilr. and Mrs. Charriugton (Miss Janet Achurch), with the members of th'.-ir company, arrived by express train from Broken Hill yesterday, having played the mo*t .sueoes- ful season, both financially and artistically, kno\vn ' on tlie Barrier. A great compliment was paid j to the young English tragedienne by nor admirers in the silver city on the con cluding evening of the season, she being the recipient of a handsome testimonial at their nands. As already announced, Miss Janet Achurch with her very talented com liany, which in addition to Ilr. Chides Char rington, includes the names of Mr. Herbert Hemming, Mr. Harry Power, Mr?. Boltou, Miss Alice. May and others, will make her re appearanoe before an Adelaide amlienoe on Saturday next, August 22, at the Albert HalL The three performances as announced in out advertising columns should ensure a liberal ]iatronage from the general public. Ordinary theatre goers are sure to be present, but that section of the public whose conscientious scruples prevent them from visiting the theatre will have an opportunity on the dates men tioned of witnessing intellectual plays without fear of endangering those scruples. Marshall and Sons have the right of booking the seats, and «arly application is imperative to secure comfort. Tiik Fasting Max. I-'elix Tanner i.- now in the 23rd day of his 40 daj> and night*' fast, and has lost 24 lb. weight. The attendance on Wednesday was considerably larf er than usual. Miskai. Ghost Illusion. The adili;i<n ••! music to the afternoxn pripr.uniin- of ;l:e- Ghost Illusion is much apptveiated. Madame Bousmard"s rendering ot " Tho Garden of Bleep" yesterday was par ticularly tint- and drew forth hearty applause. 