CHAPTER X." Sydney was reached at last, and it was with, a feeling of down-sinking that Bob recognised that his happiest time since his college days had come to an end. Findley and his wife and he went to Petty's Hotel they for a short time only before visiting country friends-he indefinitely. Some of his cynical manner had returned iu those few days, and Nettie felt grieved for him. He had become to her a big brother, and to her husband a solid friend. On the morning they were leaving, Findley had said, * Now, look here, don't go and hide-at least from us,' and Bob promised. Nettie, as they were shaking hands, said earnestly to him, * And so you won't let us know even now ? ' 'Not yet,' he replied, 'but you shall soon.' And thus Mrs. Findley felt satisfied that her first impression had been a just one, and though he would always be * Bob ' to them, he wasn't ' Robert Smith.' She thus indulged in a small crow over her husband, who remarked, ' Don't see why a Robert Smith should not be a gentleman, or why Bob should bother himself to go under a false name. It's all one to me, my dear, he's a sound good fellow, awfully good to you, and marvellously patient with those preposterous Smarleys.' Double Case told me that Lord Robert had decided to come out to Australia for two reasons. The one was a sickening of life. Ile had seen all that ought to be seen by a man in good society, and had done all that ought to be done. Tired of the never-ceas- ing bothers of a bachelor, as he styled his invitations, his society duties and the attacks of mothers and daughters, he made up his mind to marry and get out of them. He never had been in love, and was not with the girl he proposed to, but he thought her sincere, fresh, and good, ' And, you know, that's enough,' he explained to hit bosom friend, Harvey Droup, a young artist. He became engaged, but not long afterwards heard the following -wordi spoken by the woman he was trying tc love, and in whom he thoroughly believed ' I won my bet. you see, Polly, and for s good match Robert Miverton is really rather nice. I'm keeping awfully prope] now, but after we're married I can hav< my fling. He's, a sort of King Arthur tha wouldn't see a flirtation if it was righ under his nose, so I shall. have lots of fm when I'm Lady Robert, and can often se< Noel Leshange.' He had then and there faced her ; ex planation there could be none. In a fev quiet words he told her that he ha< esteemed her for her supposed qualities o fresh-heartedness and truth - that hi regret at finding her ' like all the rest ' wa far more directed to herself than to hin He could, he thought, never trust a girl c woman in the future, and that if she ha only thus accepted his offer, he felt tha there could be no happiness between then and he declined to continue the engage ment. Double Case said that the bride-elec turned scarlet with shame, and the covered her face in her hands and buri into tears, perhaps discovering at tha moment his worth and her own af- fection for him. Lord Mi verton ' s horses shortly afterwards excited spirited bidding at Tattersalls, and his properties were adver- tised to let. He himself ap- peared as usual at his clubs, and revealed not to a single soul his decision to go out to Australia. As -we have seen, the true girlishness and sweet- ness of Mrs. Findley had struck his dormant boy-character, and had made life happy to him. As Robert Smith, he had made truer friends than he had ever before done, and had found a true woman. 4 There can't be another, though,' he muttered. 4 Good-bye, Bob ; you've been awfully happy. Here's to your burial, old chap, and I don't mind how often your ghost haunts me.' I wish I could take a pen and write a real novel, instead of dictating while perpetually swinging this monotonous pendulum. I know when I have to excite interest-I'm now doing it. All the readers of this will want to look well ahead, but please don't. I've got a half tragedy coming ; - be content till the 4 catastrophe ' bounces oat. Bob was lying on the verandah at Petty's hotel, in the same deck chair in which we found him on board the 4 Punjaub,' smoking the same G.B.D., and reading Bell's Life,, since dead, which he had ordered to be sent out, that he might have a whiff of hunting and shooting on his arrival. The darkness, after a scarlet sunset, came on with the suddenness so irritating and depressing to English people on their arrival. He could hardly see to read, unless he went to his room and his lamp, and it was a tussle between his desire to finish an account of a splendid run with the 4 Quorn,' and his sensation of laziness after a regular scorcher. He hadn't made up his mind when he was thus addressed : * Terrible hot day-cooler this evening, thank goodness-you look pretty cool, in those white things.' * Yes, I am, I suppose, pretty cool. I shouldn't mind the heat so much if the dust would but keep down.' 4 That's bad enough, certainly, but I don't feel it much. Try driving cattle along a dusty road up country, shouting like the devil, in the saddle for hours, per- haps up all night after stragglers and on again without any sleep. It's all use, though, and you new chum's amuse me,' the speaker added good humouredly. 4 You don't take kindly to roughing it. Now I'm off in a day or two, and jolly glad to get back to it.' 4 It must be very delightful to feel jolly glad,about anything,' replied Bob. 4 Don't you ever feel jolly glad, then ?' 4 No, never. Can't see what there is to be glad about-except that some other fellow is glad.' 4 It must be blooming dismal to feel like that ; isn't it?' 4 Oh, yes, very. I'm going to,have a, claret and soda, will you have onè, with some ice ?'.. 4 Thank you, won't I? I was going to ßhout, only you were too quick.' The glasses were brought and both men refilled their pipes. Bob, who had appeared bored by his visitor when he made his offer,; seemed, Double Case said, to wake up suddenly; 4 How long will your cattle jou.rja.ey take you ? ' he asked. * About three months. Good .weather for travelling if it keeps as it is. We've had enough rain for; a hit. I couldn't stand your life. I wasn't "born for a swell, as you were. Don't it keep down your muscle a lot and give you headaches ? You look a big man all the same, but I suppose it's fat.' ' Lord "Robert measured sixteen inches round his biceps and was forty-five round the chest. He replied, ' I never could fathom the term " swell "-glad tó find a man who can. I am laziness petrified, and thus hopeless of improvement. All I can claim for myself is that if I am led I can follow. l am like Samson, I always think, who groaned in his blindness in the Agonistes. " But what is strehgth without a double share of wisdom ? Vast, un- wieldy, burdensome.'' I lack the wisdom you see-Halloa, what's that ? A run- away, by George ! ' Before the bushman could turn round, Bob was in the street, running in the same direction as the vehicle which came dashing on behind him. The playing fields*at Eton, the towing path at Oxford, the training for the sports, supplemented by his work aboard the 'Punjaub/ now were to be turned to account. As the run- away came closer, he turned his head slightly to mark his distance, and tore off at a racing speed. As the horse's head came level with him, he made a gallant rush and caught hold of the rein close to the bit, bearing upon it and bounding in a succession of leaps to avoid being borne off his feet. For some, moments it seemed that the man must succumb to the brute, and Double Case confessed, with a sorrow- ful tick, that for the only time in his new service, he wished he'd had another master, ' It was just awful, Pendulum the whirl of the wheels and the jerks of the jumping- but worse than all to me was the frightful strain I could detect Lord Robert was suffering. I thought his muscles must have burst his waistcoat. I screwed my ' fusey ' up to hero-point, however, in a second pr two, and gradually felt the pace decrease, and as my master's arm shook violently, I knew the horse was trying to dislodge him, and that this would take His attention off his racing, and if Lord Robert could hold on he might »top him.' * Did he, Double V I asked, anxiously. ' Did he ! ' retorted Double, disdainfully. 'Didn't he! Yes, arid more. "When he had stopped the horse, and a crowd had come round, and he found the occupants of the buggy-a woman and child-were being helped out, uninjured, by kindly hands, he quietly walked away. Meeting Baldwin, his bushman friend, running down with the crowd, he caught hold of him and said, ' Come back, like a good fellow. They're all right.' ' Come back ? Why ?' ' Because I hate crowds,, and fuss, and all that.' Baldwin was no fool, and divined the real reason. He looked at the Englishman for a second, and then said, ' No, because you know they'd worship you with grate- fulness, and you're one of them fine fellows as is modest. I'll let them know, though.' ' I have two favours to ask you before you do so. Will you grant them?' ' Well, one is " don't," I know ; what's the other?' 'To take me with you "right straight along," as my Yankee friends say.' ' You're a rum 'un,' remarked Baldwin. You are a swell and you are lazy, and you're as shy as a boy, as plucky as Cardigan, and as brave as Nelson, and as strong-my eye ! strong as a pole bullock j did you do it all yourself, man ?'.... ' Oh yes, I only held on.' ' And I,' said Baldwin regretfully, * only held off.' ' But my life isn't worth a pickled onion, and then I've done a good bit of running in my time, and have been climbing masts and hauling ropes lately, and that's got my muscle up.' Here Baldwin put his hand on the speaker's biceps. ' Fat, I said-ha, ha, ha, fat? why it's a ship's cable. Take you with me ! Man alive, I ought to ask if you mind coming. I don't know your name, but down it goes along o' mine till you get tired of me.' ' Robert Smith.» ' Well now, that's English ; but I expect you are a good many Smith's rolled into one, and a deal more besides.' A few days later Baldwin and; Lord Robert left Sydney for the bush. Double Case told me all about their journey, but as bush travelling is simply bush travelling I don't think an account of it would -interest you, so I keep my memories for myself and any friendly fellow clocks and watches. One thing I may say, that the Englishman astonished Baldwin by his power of endurance' and the matter-of fact way in which he took to ' roughing it.' He proved also a capital companion. His old stories found an eager and laughing listener, and many aD hour over fires and pipes were beguiled by accounts of his adventures in India and Africa. One question rather posed the narrator, Bald- win asked him if he knew the Viceroy of India, and had ever been to Government House. Bob, however, was equal to the occasion, without more expense of truth than that he conveyed to his listener a wrong im- pression. The Viceroy had been high up at Eton when he was but a small boy. He replied, therefore, 'Oh, yes, I've dined there. Travellers get asked, you know, especially if they are hunting tigers on elephants.' 'He's an awful swell, isn't he?'asked Baldwin. * He is a little king in point of court and surroundings, but he has to steer very carefully so as not to offend the native princes.' This conversation led to stories of tiger shooting or pig-sticking, and these, and other sporting adventures in England and abroad enthralled Baldwin, who was a born lover of manly actions. Much as I should like to go over them again, as told to me, I must refrain and recount a little adventure which led to my acquaintance with Double Case. ; CHAPTER XI. j . Two hundred miles of country had thus been traversed, a more uninteresting route could scarcely have been desired, the Eng- lishman thought to himself, as they passed through miles and miles of gum-trees standing close like ragged wihite . pillars, with a scanty bunch of sage green-or rather not green-leaves at their summit. Here and there appeared a peep of moun- tains, and at first there was a charm in their strange blueness and in the sepia tinted headlands that frowned upon the valleys, not smiling with verdant slopes but savagely luxuriant with tree-fern and creepers. Yet even in this there was a same- ness, which after a while marred the effect of the beauty, and the desolate barrenness of the foreground, even to the loveliest view, depressed the eye of one accustomed to English verdure. Yet for all that, Lord Robert enjoyed the new experience, and the aromatic scent from tb ose dismal trees exhilarated every nerve and organ. And when they left the beaten track and, guided by the sun, wended their way through untrodden .bush, there came a strange wild sensation of freedom, a. bar- barian joy in treading where, perhaps, man had never trod before. The instincts of savage ancestors lie dormant in every man, and the blood of Mi verton, filtered through many an enervating generation, bounded with fresh life ia the Australian wilder- ness. ' - Baldwin was taking his cattle to market. at tbs very town to ? which those in Warbürtoñ's ' charge were destined when Dale's : accident befel him. He was on More's line. Lord Robert was with him, and had gone one afternoon to turn some stragglers. He had ridden far away from the camp; and, as he - thought, in the direction he was instructed to take, when> night: came on, and he was bushed. : He coo-eed over and over again, but without reply, and ultimately accepted the fact that he was lost. Double Case told me that he remarked aloud, and very quietly, ' Lost, by George.' Then he struck a match, arid pulled my friend out, who showed him that it was nine o'clock, Lighting a pipe, and addressing his horse, 'Well, old crock, do you know your way out of this, for I'm hanged if I do ? I leave it to you to ..[Aa the horse's head came level with him, he made a gallant rush and caught hold of the rein close to the bit, bearing upon it and bounding in a succession of leans to avoid beinq ... , borne off his feet? do as you like,' he let the reins fall loosely. At once the tired animal turned in a totally different direction to that which the rider thought was the correct one, and in half an hour they came in sight of a light. Thinking it was a glimmer from the camp, Lord Robert gave a coo- ee*, to let his com- panions know he was there. An answer came, arid a moving lantern showed that someone' was on the look-out. A' few seconds more, and the horse stopped at a slip-panel. ' Hulloa there, I've lost my way,' shouted the wanderer. ': ' Wait a minute, and I'll come,' a man's voice Teplied. Lord Robert dismounted, only too de- lighted to wait any number of minutes, arid called' back, ' don't hurry-I'm all right.' At length an approaching light, swaying to and fro, gave the ere-while misanthrope, as he^ said afterwards,4 a solid love for a fellow', creature ;'f for j though a brave man, and one now fairly .accustomed to bush ' hardships, he acknowledged to his new- found host, over- their pipes, that he had never,' known what absolute loneliness meant until that night, and that he could well understand men going off their heads when they were lost in the bush for days together. » * As the bearer of the light caine near, Bob laughingly'called to him: M beg to say I throw my>fhands up. I've no ammu- nition outside me, and, by, Jove, I've none in.' 'Perhaps you can do something with cold steel, though. You can practice on some dead sheep choppings.' ' Anyhow, I'll try. I know I'm putting you about most awfully j but I won!t say I'm sorry, for I'm famishing.' ' Come in 1 ' replied he of the lantern. * I'm only too glad ydu got here.- If you'll take your saddle off, I'll turn your horse into the next paddock, where there's water and grass. We are ' at the corner of the two fences here.' This having been done, the men walked towards the hut in which was the light, originally seen by the traveller. 'Where am I?' asked he. 'I've come from More's line, and I don't know how many miles more, somewhere or other.' * This is my shanty,' was the reply, ' and a bit further is the owner's, Mr. Dale. He and I manage the place together. ' Bolt is my name.' ." " ' Lord Robert gave his ; as. before.. Bolt was so accustorned' to speaking to and of Bredesdale Ventnor as Mr/ Dale that the name slipped from Mm' unawares. ' Lord Robert was so fearfully, hungry and thirsty that he 4 did hot" care,' as he said in relating his adventure : 4 one blind black beetle what anyone's name was, or whether anyone ever had a name, or was likely to have one.' Bolt ushered him into his cottage-a slab one-but made cozy within by Lucy's kind hand. Cold mutton and home-made bread, with some capital butter, Lucy's great pride, and the remains of a custard pud- ding, occupied Bob's attention after a sluice in a bucket ; boots and leggings being exchanged for slippers. 4 Oh, the height of this joy,' ejaculated he, after some mouthfuls and a cup of tea. 4 Do you know this is magnificent mutton and bread.' Bolt laughed outright at the solemn e irnestness of his guest's tones. 41 mean it solidly. I never enjoyed anything so much in my life.' * Glad to hear it. Hunger and weari- ness are the bond friends of cold mutton. I often wonder how one of the luxurious, self-indulgent noblemen of England would look if he was set down to our ordinary fare-barring the bread and butter, which is grand and which you seldom see in a selector's hut. It would do some of 'em good to be lost in the bush and be made thankful for cold mutton.' 4 It does,' was the reply. 4 Does ?. . Well, it would do, but catch 'em trying , it. Oh, the lives those men lead! They'll give thousands for a horse and a sovereign to a hospital. They'll travel hundreds of miles to shoot a bird, .and wouldn't go a .hundred yards to visit a sick- poor man. ?. Look at the waste in their - houses. . Perhaps thirty or forty servants feeding like prize pigs ; -, the head ones getting commissions here and com- missions there, and the more they order the more they make. Why, the broken victuals of those houses would feed fami- lies. Yes, and a stone's throw from the palaces of princes and nobles lie children starving and naked.' 4 But don't you think you are hard on the aristocracy ? Some of them give large sums to charity.' ' What is it in proportion to the income spent on luxury ? and they get well paid for it in the coin of praise. The news- papers crack up all they do and don't do, and if a child of a noble is ill, they " learn with regret " that it is so. But they never " learn with regret " that thousands of poor wretched little ones, from no fault of their own, are diseased in body and mind. But I must leave off. It's a condition of things as old as the hills, and my harking never did any good and never, will ; . hut in the future let the aristocracy look out for themselves. They will, and they-shall be made to contribute to the requirements of the poor, and if they don't do so volun- tarily they will be forced to it.' Bolt had risen from his chair as he was speaking, and at last his eye fired, and his whole man seemed to impersonate indigna- tion, as he clenched his fist and shook it menacingly. Lord Robert had remained quite silent during the tirade, apparently busied with his custard pudding, but his thoughts were i ar away ; far away indeed, for they were carried back to his old life of what he now recognised as utter selfishness. Never till now had he realised the completeness of his disregard for the poor and. suffering. His purse had truly been ready when the ordinary demands upon a rich man were made. His guineas and five guineas were gladly paid, and all his friends gave in the same way. 4 The poor ' had been to him an English institution since his boyhood ; they always had been and always would be. They were usually dirty, generally drunk, and often criminal ; they were poachers and thieves, while sisters of mercy ' awfully good women, you know,' visited them and spent his money and that of the other members of his order. But ever to think of giving to any one or more of those suffering beings one-half as much as he spent upon, a hunter, why such a thought never had oc- curred to him. Now the words of the Socialist, so unexpectedly encountered in the bush hut, 4 They'll travel hundreds of miles to shoot a bird, and wouldn't go a hundred yards to visit a sick poor man,' had placed his position so exactly before him, that he felt" like a man who had sud- denly awakened. He was not, however, called upon to answer, for the door opened, and Dale entered. Lord Robert rose and bowed. Dale came forward as Bolt said, 4 This gentleman was lost in the bush, and his horse brought him here. His name is Mr. Robert Smith.' Dale went up to the stranger, whom he instinctively recognised as English, and shook hands. 41 see,' he said, 4 that you have had something to eat. I hope Bolt's larder was better filled than it generally is : unless we look after him he lives or either the recollection of past feeds, or the hope of future ones.' During this brief introduction, each mai had mentally guaged the other, and th< decision in the mind of either was, 41 gentleman, and a good fellow.' There is a freemasonry among such mej wherever they may meet-that I've learn during my clockdom-and when they ru: up against each other, far away from th life they have led before, and especially i: the Australian bush, a friendship arises be fore an acquaintanceship wouldbe formed i the old conventional world. Both me felt warmed to each other, each recognise joyfully in the other the bearing an manners of his old associates. 4 Come to my diggings,' said Dale. 4 M wife is still up.' 41 shall be delighted,' and then Bc suddenly stopped short, and looked dow upon his slippered feet, adding,.4 But ho about my slippers?--and my boots ai worse.' Dale took his arm. 4 It does one's hea good,' he said, 4 to come upon a sentime] of the old life. But I think, possibly, ju for once, I may succeed in making yoi peace for you.' 41 feel thoroughly piggish,' laugh* Bob; 4 but I'm utterly destitute of ever thing but what I stand up in. By-the-b} those camp fellows will think me lost, don't see what I am to do. I haven't t most diluted idea how to get to them, a: go back to-night I certainly do not care from pure laziness, even with a guide.' Bolt, who had left when Dale came : here returned, 4 You're in luck, sir. couldn't make out how. your horse cai here, but I find she is a mare we sold some men travelling with cattle some fe months ago.' 4 Not Betsy ?'~ asked Dale. 4 Yes, Betsy, and she is ás contented a am, which is saying a good deal.' 4 How are you to let the camp, know I Smith is here ?' asked Dale, . 4 Well, the only thing to do would be. send Charley off on Boxer, or I could go ' Upon my soul, I won't have; a hou hold put about like this,' broke in B ' I'm no butterfly, and can find my way you'll put me on the right road.' Bolt smiled quietly. 4 If you've b lost once, I think you must be content w that. You're a new chum, sir, and it ta a bushman to travel at night.' ' You leave it to Bolt,' said Dale, always do, and find myself best off.' Bolt gave a smile of satisfaction. 41 really-' But Bolt was gone. 4 Now then, you come with me. W have a smoke before turning in. It i often I get an old-world visitor, and going to make the most of you.' Bob looked at Dale's handsome f. upon which sat no sign of early 4 v oats' or present care, and seemed q overwhelmed with the kindness he receiving. His usual 4 By George ' headed answer-a very simple one, and given -v great quietness and much feeling-* " are both wonderfully good to me/ . he followed Dale, who cheerily laughed, ' Not a bit of it, man-only bush customs.' ' Certainly not London ones,' returned Bob. Now, if you please, I, Pendulum, who have been modestly taking a back seat for some time, resume my position as novelist. The last sentence I heard. 4 Whose ever voice is that ?' ticked I. * Where, in the maze of my adventures, haye I heard the sound of it ?-yet not then the spirit in it, either.' The door opened, and in walked Dale, and after him, Lord Robert, of the auction sale. I knew him, altered as he was, for we Royal Pendulums in old families notice and remember people, as members of the other Royal Family are supposed to do. Two- penny pinglers, who are not entitled to the name of * clocks,' wouldn't, of, course. Their beggarly little lives are given up to frivolity, and all they think of is. their china faces, their quick-silver pendulums, and their bells. I consider it downright immodest, the way lots pf 'em , expose all their anatomy ! And then, some of them have their scape- wheels in front pf them;; conceited asses ! But I know it will be asked, ' Why blame the clocks ?' I'll answer-they could stop dead, and refuse to work. Oh, we can go or not, as we like. Don't think we can't. Just before Mr. Ventnor's death, the old Bredesdalë clock and I had determined to form a society for the preservation of the old style of clocks. A great niany old 'tur- nips,' asmen call them, had agreed to join, but the catastrophe in the family disrupted all that, and out here, there is no object ir doing it. Men mostly ' go by the sun, and see no clocks and fewr watches, anc most of the latter are silver trumpery o: no conservative principles. They lead í dog's life, too, and often lie unwound fo: weeks. What's the use of them ? Pah Low-class fellows - shickery shackery pitiful dyspeptics ! Well, here's a stopper to my Englisl growl. . Dale's face was bright as a sun beam as he said to Lucy : .' Here's an Englishman, dear,, a ne\ . chum, lost in the bush--Mr. Robert Smitl -and you must make him amends for loj huts and mutton, by chatting about you baby to him Mrs. Ventnor went to meet him with smile of welcome. ' I am .very glad to se you,' she said, ' but I won't obey my hus band about baby,' and she shook the: guest's hand warmly. 'I'm quite content to hear all abpi baby,' replied Bob, with a hearty laugl ' It will be an education for me. I ney< touched, one in all my life-except when nearly murdered a small specimen whic was rolling on the floor-I just misse him. Yours isn't on the floor, is it ! said he, looking nervously about. ' Oh dear, no, she's in bed long ag But she does roll, so in the morning ye must take care where you step.' ' I expect you'll walk out ot the hou when you see and hear her. I alwa; hook it when she's in a temper,' ' Dale ! ' said Lucy solemnly. ' W] hushed her to sleep last night, and ever many nights, when she wTas crying wi her teeth ? ' ' A poor mashed-up banana of a husbac my dear,' whimpered Dale. :Bob's face was. shining with joviality this colloquy proceeded, and said- : * I thi: your husband has very quick powers recovery,, from a mashed-up. banana ,sta Mrs. Dale.' I struck eleyen o'clock-loud and de -at Lord Robert. He turned,* gazed at me, and. lool bewildered. ' What a grand old clock. I didn't know it was impossible I COT declare I've heard his tone somewhere, a seen his face and case.' Then suddenly, after a second or tw cpnsideration, he broke out with ',Go oíd Pendulum! ha, ha, ha! gracious, can't be, surely 1 ' and he walked up to i 'I believe it is,'he said slowly, and tl turned with rather a serious face to D and his wife. 'I ought to beg your parc for breaking out in that way,' he. sc colouring, ' but-I forgot myself in recollection of a humorous incident.' 'Not at all,' said Dale, with a lil stiffness. ' It is an old family clock ours, and belonged to a great-uncle mine.' ' A great-uncle of yours,' repeated. L Robert, in surprise. « I must ind apologise, but may I ask your une name ? ' ' Lord Bredesdale.' Lord Robert was mystified. He bad known Kenrick Ventnor, and bis father bad been a friend of the old lord. -He also knew that none of the family boré the name of '' Dale.' ' My father,' he said, ' knew your great uncle, and I knew, as a boy, a nephew of his, older than I was a great deal of course -a Mr. Kenrick Ventnor.' , ' That was my father,' said Dale, softly, a sad expression coming over his face. Lucy put her arm through her husband's in sympathy. They had so lived down the \ great tragedy in their lives, and this was the first time that anyone had brought it to their remembrance, that now a shadow seemed to have crossed their sunlight. ' I beg your pardon, but I thought your name was Dale. I .am afraid you have thought me very unfeeling.' Lucy,; with Ï quick desire to put their friend at ease, replied, ' We did not at all.' \ No, no,' interposed Dale, ' Bolt I see spoke of me as " Mr. Dale," the name I have always gone by at home., It is a shorten- ing; of: Bredesdale, but our surname, is Ventnor. I suppose you saw our venerable companion-old Pendulum-either at the Beeches or in London ? ' ' Yes, in London; I have been so many years going about the world that I, have löst; touch even with our old family circle and it is not, therefore, to be wondered a that I never, met you. I was in the Crime« .a¡s¿a traveller, and when the Mutiny .bröki out I followed war and bloodshed again.' ' Were you through the Crimean cam paign ' ? asked Lucy. ' Yes,, I was too lazy to join the array but I had a pop at a Russian now and the: on the sly. But I. must not keep you uj Mrs. Ventnor, though I like rambling pr A man does, I think, when he's away froi his old scenes, and looks back. Some otht time I will tell the little all I have t relate.' v ' Yes, Lucy, you must turn in.' - ?, ' Very well, and don't you two sit ..u late. Good-night, Mr. Smith, you are a old friend already. I can't tell you ho very nice it is to meet someone who knov our people.' ,Her colpur rose as she sho( hands with womanly friendliness, and ] answered, rather huskily, ' What must be to; me, do you think ? ' i On Mrs. Ventnor's departure, the tv men sat down to a good-night pipe and ' night-cap.' Dale had a puzzled look upon his fa< and Bob was looking down steadily on t floor, his pipe in one hand and with t other he was meditatively stroking 1 beard. I divined that Dale wanted find out who bis father was or had be< arid that the other was burdened with t feeling that he must disclose his nan Suddenly he raised his head,, took t long whiffs, and turned to his companio 'I feel very guilty,' he said, ' I ht been committing rather .a deep> 'offence suppose, and must rid myself of my morse, as you are so connected with < family circle through your people.' Bredesdale Ventnor's eyes opened.a liti He,did not,''of course, kno\y, as I did, wi was coming. . He restrained, however, Í expression, of wonder pr .curiosity, f \- smilingly said, ' This sounds very terril ; but I'll gird myself up for it.' ; > You have heard of the Earl, of Ba ford?! : ; f Oh, rather. My father often spok< his young days with him. Did you know him? ' '-He- is my father. My Christian name is Robert. I am only travelling under the name you know me by.' ' Lord Robert Mi verton,' ejaculated Dale. ' Of course I know your name. We always wanted to meet you. - It is nothing less than marvellous that we should meet in the bush.' ' Everything, in my life happens like that, and whatever I go for to do I. come for to don't. I've come out here to snuff myself out.' c'And I';ye Í lighted the candle again,' laughed Dalev ... ' You must ?make a dark lantern of it, please; i that\ is, .to; everyone but. Mrs. Ventnor.; But as you know ray real name, I must explain why I .came out under another, that ,is to say, the immediate reason.' And| Lord Robert proceeded to give a slight history of. his engagement, winding up with, 4 You've found one true woman, Ventnor, and. I've met another, but beyond them, I never hope to see one.' ? Ü ' I believe there are good women in every class,' replied Dale ; ' but they are hard to find, and hard to get when found.. But you're desponding, ,Miverton ; we'll drive it all out of you.' . 'I'm your man,' answered Bob. 'I'll ride, shoot, drive cattle, shear sheep, cook, cut wood, anything; only put me to it. But remember, I don't know how, except as to riding.' ' We'll just put off cooking and cutting wood for a bit, and give you some plea- santer employment. Stop a week or two, or a month, or many, if you will, and teach a young aspirant to bush life who is coming to pay us a visit how to ride over rough bush country after cattle.' 'Very- well. How old is he? I like youngsters. They're awful rogues, but they do know so much more than we think they do, and their sly impudences show you that, they laugh at you in their sleeves. One thing-do you mind calling me Bob. It was a name given me . by a shipmate, and does not make me feel so utterly false as the whole amount of the lie.' ' I'll call you what you like,' The men then wished each other good- night. Bob went off happy and contented, marvelling that he should have come so far to find what he did not believe existed disinterested friendship. 'Bob, old chap,' he said aloud, to himself, 'you'll just have to stop here.' Bolt had, on leaving Dale's cottage, sent put a hand to the camp, and, starting ; before daylight the next morning, he and Bob rode over, catching the drove as they were moving. Baldwin used some bush language suited to his state pf .mind when he found they were to. part, but ultimately con- soled himself with predicting that Robert Smith would be with him again shortly, as he would never stand hanging about a selection. A bank note for division amongst the men and a silver pencil-case to Baldwin, marked the parting ; Robert receiving a pipe from his late host. Taking his valise,; he and Bolt rode back, and to neither came any ' second sight' disclosing that future of jpy and sadness, the result, in so many important points, of Lord Robert Mi verton having been lost in the bush. ._.,;/ (To be continued.) 