1"-.. . : ' '1'-. »»vS.Vi ;<553WJT fSST'- =£t . ,4\;\ G'... . <. [?] HENRY HER. Q 0 !; ' Author of " eiri t Fortune, -Eagle Joe," 44 Between t ie WbiJFs,'V4 ALdiuglAdyfu" 44 EVwQto Vitiate/' fctc(j JU' CHAPTER V.— THE SCEOTRE O THE PAST. They had been juttaug there fpr fully a quarter of an hour, pufting silently at their cigars, the old man stfumg in front of him blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on sua chair, oastuig wistnu glances at his companion, and drumming a silent march with his finger-tips on the table, " Tell me ail about yewrsqlf," Aaid the pioneer on a sudden. " Let's have a fair, square look at yew r devil, an' see. if be e as black as yew've painted turn. Tell us all about how yew've growed up, an' whar yew're growed up, au how yewve come to be what yew are. 1 guess then I'll know what I've got to do." The young man hesitated for a few moments undecidedly. " It is perhaps better that you should know all," he sail at last with a heavy-drawn sigh. " I have told you the worst. The nest of my history has no surprises— of the disagreeable kind at any rate. ' 1 can remember myself first ofall/ he con- tinued, " a grimy, smudge- faced, half-ragged urchin, running about Front street, <St. Louis; divtug a ucl aouging about the steamboots on the levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits ot iron, au i all such rubbith as are generally found iu similar neighbourhoods, and carrying thtin to my mother, who lived in a tumuledown shanry not far from the railway station. The steward and cooks of -the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin- pie, of meat, and of corn- cake I got from them. I remember well how, even at that time the boje of my own age used totthuu me, and taunt me with my father being a thief or with my lather being in prison. At that time 1 saw very lfttie of hiui. Even when he was uot in gaol he was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a very uell upon earth. He used to beat my mother unmercifully, and went so far as to briug other women into the house. As I grew to ye,irs of bt tter comprehension, young as £ was, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Bap cist missionary had been talking to me on the levee, and f had been going to the evening school, an t there I had learned that it was w r< iu«.r to steal; and 1 knew that it was wr .ug to sfenl when one night my father took me wirh him and auother man on an expedition to break into a nouse. I could climb like a cat then, aud ttiev wanted me to get Over a high wall and open a do.»r for them. ' 1 had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for b<nng-he son of a thief, and quite a honor against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. Bo I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, aud the people of the house were awakem-d and came out. and my father had to run away vowing veug.-ance against me. "After that i davd not go home, but Mr. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scul.ery boy on the steamboat Wisconsin, ruuuing between St. Louts and Dubuque. Ail weut very well with me for a wniie. From the post of scullery boy 1 rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me, and lent rue books to read, and when winter came . he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, t" - g o r ve V fk-burgh aud Yazoo city, and I passed another season there. " o ' tuue would, nave it that on that boat, i uir-c the Hon. Levi Walker, memb-r of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City 'Star. He offered %o make a journalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office £ rose from one position to another, and all would have b en well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street, run acioss my father. He was uufortunately too well known in the place. He had been tarred ami fetthered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the cbaiu-gaug, he ha-> been within an ace of bei tg hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and 1 had to confess the horrible truth to Mr. Walker I tried to buy my wretched father's departure, but the more money I gave him, the firmer became his resolution to hang onto me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They had had time to learn to know me and they pitied me, " Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, audi left Kansas City, and with it ray dreadful father. I found- immediate and remunerative work in Cincin nati, and I stayed there several years. From! Cincinnati 1 weut to Chicago, and on my journev from Chicago to New Yorkyou met me. Now you know all about me. jQtlo not think that I have forgotteu anything of im portance." j ' — '.o.u.i, ULJ-jjt :rr<J33 TT. . -zii mm! Y father ftiqce »m t Ye toward from Mm ?" asked X vfe bf- Ms existence oplytofodgh the i replied Uaderwood. 4 They oW»lyfeo0t4 his cop vtctioqs. Mypaothejr died shortly offer my leaving Ginplou atl, updfir Wrutal treatment, that I know also." i-SSs "ifyewaip't Jieerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yew'il never hear nor see no mere of him." 44 Thatia not to be hoped for," sighed the 7?ung man. "I five in daiy dypad ot run- ntngacrotehim in the 'street, of ffiscajfltng at ' toyiwimSi of his ooming hers. If the slightest ehanes is given htm of blackmailing me or ybu, he will fas ton onus like a leech, and it would ' he easier to get rifl. of a vampire than of him. M \- i I'vehadto deal vii tbaitkind o man afoire to- day," said the froutieisman quietly, 44 go they nary once got the best, o' me yet." ' M Ah/' replied the young man bitterly, 41 It Ss easy for you lo say that. Not one of " the ecoUiAfrelft whom you have come across was your own father One cannot mete out justice to the man to .whom one owes one's life, and not he soiled by his guilt. The taint dings, one's clothing recks with it, it poisOnB fhe food, it embitters the - drink, it calls ' up. hideous | grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns j your honest handiwork into rebuke, ft makes 1 good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. O God !" he cried in a J sudden agony, 44 how can Ibe rid ofit? Shall 1 I ever be rid of it ? . I have never felt it as I do | at this moment." -J 1 The old mm cast a scrutinising glance upon J him, a long qlauce fill of pity. J 4" Poor boy 1" fie muttered. " The sins of the 1 fathers, .poor boy!" j Underwood jumped up on a sudden. " You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried. 44 You really must not try to detain me. Don't think me a coward. I do not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to eBC&pe; from myself. I love your daughter, and I have no right to love her. God knows I have struggled, and fought, and contended against myself. I have tried to be marble, aud Fee the result. I 1 am bur human, alter all. Pity me, by having J no p'ty on <ne. There is no harm doue yet. j Let me go before it is too late " In his heated excitement he walked up and down the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limh. He grasped the decanter that was standi) g on the table, and pouring out two glasses < f water, swal lowed them greedily one after the other, as if thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. " Sir down thar," said the millionaire softly, pointiug to an armchair, " and led me bide this Over. When they've bin cryin sign, yew've got to stand to yewr rifles an' be ready. But that aiu't no reason for runnin away an leavin' all yewr peltry behind. Yew've got that thar father o' yewrn, au' yew cayn't get rid of him nowhow, cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. Yew've got to take kear that he don't harm yew, nor those that like yew, that's all. It's all well, an' fine, an' easy for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup ; but whit am I to do with my Angel, who'll cry hef eyes out when yew're gone, and who'll pine and wither, an' die, perhaps, for she ain't over-strong — an' she's ah obstinate critter when she sets her heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew've got to be a man, an' yew've got to bear yewr load like a man, an not sit do wn under it, au' yew've got to do it for the Bake of the gell that loves yew. an she's worth it, I can as are yew." " But " exclaimed Underwood. " Thar ain't no but," interrupted the old ' pioneer. " On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that lies afore yew# thar ain't no bye ways an thar ain't no turnin's. Thar m iy be rocks an' boulders an' big stones ail along, but yew've got to sit on yewr hoss an iet to ride over 'em. It ain't no use a-sneakin' away as if yow was the guilty one. Holiyewr head straight np, young man, cob j yew've got the right to hold it up, in spite of j yewr father, an if so be as any bod v challenges j yew, yew say 4 Go an' ask Da,nT Kershaw for I my character, an 1 guess Dah'l Kershaw's ! party well known from the Platte to the j Canadian, An' Irom the Rockies to the Atlantic ; 1 an' if they c ime to me an say anythin' agin J yew, they'll soon find out the truth." I " I don't merit this, Mr. Kershaw/' said J Underwood, in a voice broken by his emotion. 41 I wish 1 could feel myself more personally j deserving of it. Believe me, your daughter's I love, your own friendship, are priceless in my 1 eyps. It is just because I value them so rarely j that I tremble to stay.". I 44 Come now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, M that's better. I guess that's heap better. Yew let me think this business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr people that yew ain't goin' to Yewrup, an jew can start with me as my secretary as soon as yew like. An'mindyew, not a Sylab of this to .my Angel, not a word, on yewr honour, until I nsee what's got to be done," I Miss Angelica Was sitting in the dining-room, Whiting for the result of her father's interview with Hubert Underwood. A trifle rnOre anxious perhaps than on the previous dr.y, and a shade paler, — the tiny fingers twitched a little more nervously, and Wrung the gauzy cambric hand- kerchief in rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her rocking-chair came very near over balancing itself, so erratic were the young l&dy;'s impulsiVe movements, and so forgetful was she of her own safety amidst her heart's tumultuous doubting promptings. She jumped up with a glad cry when she heard the door open upstairs, and Daniel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the landing. 44 Wfeere is Mr. Underwood she inquired eagerly,yyhen she saw. that the old man was alondf. . ; - 44 He Js gone out by the front door,.. my Angef/MLBwered thhpionder, pattiqghefhead, " an' he wants yewtp excuse him." ; ; . "Excuse him?" sl#Pted,.in a, dismsryed wonderment. ( 44 Excp»enim ? Toll qie, daddie dear/' she burst out convulsively , "««he going 44 Thar now, dry yewr eyes," he' replied soothingly, 4 4 be asn't agoin' away, not a little bit he jsni't. Ts wontdo at all, yew know. 1 cayn't havemy Angel a oryin', an' n-losing hw roses. Mr. Underwood not only aurt a-goin' away, but he'e goin to be my secre- aw«?sse luifrouaey® bMhtepXand and &med; him for tw iw«w news he bM toigbt hei, mid mm mmte aftepyards Skt bad fergotteftnU abouthpr iittlq troubles and fcho aoyrpw. fbey hftd brewed for. her aud tbe dyo«4f»l nt«?ipAtions .that bad aicited oi| thq imsgiqitfy w«peaau4 ioys oftb? hqrmneqf tbalatest UQvel, 6apifil Keraw w«s ritting at the big bpw WW&mM; the dubng rooin, lookiug out -intQ the street. Hq was aqt an imagiuatiye man, End had haeu aceufctomad, tp deal »itb brd matter of fact te e. hard mter-ofrtect WAR ah bis ljf#, Ready roqree, prompt deewpn, and swift action fia4 been aud were his chief eharacteHstiqa, y the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. Fo,r the first time in hss life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he Was angry ' with himself for being puzstah \- A conflict of thoughts and memories surged te hia mind, and threatened to interfere with his habitual determination. He. looked upon the Street, and the little crowds of passers- by, list lessly, uniuterestedly, when, on thq opposite side of the road, he espied a man, who. rather slunk than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, With broad- stooping shouiders. Hie gait was shifty, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking . ip this direction, or in that, as if seeking some body or something, he tpxned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kershaw sat, stud thereby gave the latter an opportunity of seeing his fane. It was not a pieasart face— thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A. great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous louk. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, with square set jowl, Und yet it was a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was i stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality | had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse aud white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and au unkempt, uushaven appearance added to the general reputsiveness. As Daniel Kershaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. 44 I've seed that man afore," he said to him self, and strove to obtain a better look. The man had slunk on, however, and was turning his back. A little further down the avenue he crossed the road, aud was loBt to sight. " What have I seed that man afore ?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking himself all that I morning. '4 I'm sure I've seed that face I afore.' j Whatever work he was engaged upon, i wnevner ne were writing, or reading, or rest I teg, or smoking, that pale, unshaven face j thrust itself between him and his thoughts. It j followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to i luncheon. 1 So pre-occupied was he, and so moodily ab- j stracted, that Angelica imagined him to be j ailing, and was profuse in her questioning, and j in her pretty solicitude. 1 After luncheon he sat himself down by the j window again, and the picture of that face I flashed across his xnind, but not . as hehad seen j it that morning. The white hair was nearly 1 dark, the face brown and robust, but even more | scowling and more villainous than as he had last seen it. j 44 I've got it," he cried. " I guess I've got 1 it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner j — -Cheestfaoe Mike — Heilfire's Joe's pardner I ' ' I CHAPTER VI.— ON THB PBOWI.. | Sleep was a stranger to Daniel Kershaw's I couch that night. He.kept tossing and roiling I from one uncomfortable position to the oiher, j now too hot, then, too Cold, first determinedly I closing bis eyea and vowing he would -neither 1 see nor dream, then opening them wide and I staring at the ceiling : in the dim light of He j shaded night-lamp. .Gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not. to him, his pulsation became more even, and his mind less troublous in its activity. 44 Thar woa ony eight men an' one woman, , beside myself, that knowed it," he said to ruLuself, " an' now thar's Mike Turner, JHeilfire Joe's parduer, as I'd forgotten. Thar wos Little Hoss Harry— some thievin BlackfeSt wiped him out, raised his bair at Two Buttes Greek. Then thar wos Rednail Jack — he's gone too. He died m the Staked Plain. An' Bill . Clellaudtoo — the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. Mar tin Biickh$ad went to Cali- iorny, an' got shot at ' Frisco. Bob Allen . an Pat Branegan got killed iu the war. Poor bfd Ruth has goue under these ten years. Thar's ony two more alive: Butternut Sam—he's keepui' a rauche at Fort Beaton ; an' Eli Wat- | kins— he's made his pile, an' is loafiu' about Palestifie, an' Roosha, an' Switzerland, an a: lot more ungouly places.; An'- Eli an' Sam they're both staunch an true, au' I'd trqst 'em with my life any day. But Mike— he looks harder than ever; he looks as if he'd cut" your: throat for a dollar, .. ; 44 1 guess thpih," he couttehfii ( h'U findi me a tough card." I settled his parduer, an' I'll settle him if he runs Athwart me, or my J AngeL" With the recital of the list bf his quondam companions, nod the recapitulation of the I events pertaining to the career of each, -his I power of calm reasoning returned in all its former vigour. The problem of HubertUnder- I- wood's troubles wae perplexing: enough in its way j And now that villainous face of Heilfire I Joe's partner added its mite to the difficulty. I Early morning came b foire the frontiersman I could find rest in sleep, having discovered a plan I which would tnable hun to do wlgit was right, and avoid all trouble to his doling. When Hubert Underwood came to work as usual the next morning, he found both> Daniel j Kershaw -and Miss Angelica in- the library. I 44 I'm a man as cayn't bear beatin' about the J bush," said the millionaire 44 an' when I've got to do a thing, I like to do it an make no hones I about it. I'm a-goin' to speak plainly to yew I both — to yew, my Angel, ah to yew, young man. Come, sit down hee&r; right by my side, both df yew." I Hubert seated himself in a hot trepidation, j The old man spoke pleasantly. There was |. nothing to be reared; nothing but his own j heart. I 44 1 guess yew're both yery fond o one I another. That's the way Jthey put it in the 1- story books as a general rule, iBn't it ? Waal, I've bin xeadin stories, too—stories that's true j an' stories Hiat isn't, an Pve heerdit said, an' I 1 guess I know, that many a time two young I people take their oath that they love oue f another, an believe it too, believe it hard ; but 1 when they come to live with one another, they j quarrel an' fight like cats an' dogs, an' it t I mostly the woman's heart that's broken fust." j Miss Angel threw her arm#; round her j father's neck, and plaoed her soft hand over I his mouth. 1 44 1 shall not listen, you dear, silly, old j daddie." she exclaimed brightly,1 41 if you will i rfT had opt;.tlwA||v||pit te listen toa sermon." . ' 1 He disengaged hiipfClf genthfr v | my Ahgel/ he esi4r»oiBy» 'Ht's a sermon as yew ought to listen te, an kAep firm j in yew mind, ah' renumber always. I dop't intend to play euchre Of brag with yewr young fife an' happiness, ap' I'a tek kear that yew shan't 4o it yewwelf, U yew ve 'got the nght bpwer, an! the left bojiver, an as many trqmps as yew like, not even then." j Sim oestled Goser to him anxiously, MTeli me, don't keep me waiting, daddie dear/'bjB bpeathed. 44 It's' a-comin', my darling," he replied, 4fan'fii|re. I've turned things over, cm' slept oyer 'ein, an harm' slept over 'em. I've got j things straight an' clear, an I'll tel| yew both I what I'm goin' to dp. Mr. Underwood was ffote to Yewrup. Yewrup is a nice country, ate't it; Mr. Underwood?"". \- 44 It is. very pleasant, ! believe," answered the journalist. 44 Lots, of people go there for pleasure. I was going there on business." " I guess- as it's a country worth seem," the pioneer went on, 14 an' it won't do no barm to my Angel nor to me to see it, qn I propose that my AngeTan myself we go to Yewrup— tp London, an' to Constantinople, an' to Jeerposaiem. an' to Paris, an' to Ireland, an' tp A lot more places, an that wp stay thar a year 1 or to, we'll say, an' that yew, Mr. Underwood, yew come with us as my guest and as my Secretary at the same time, cos I'll want some- I body to dp my wrifcin' for me, yew know. An so yew an' my Angel '11 be together every day, an yew'il git to know one another better than yew do now, an each other's good points, an' each other's faults, an' each other's temper, an' if so bei as at the end of the. year yew're as fond o. one another as 'yew are now, an', as ready to take one another for gbod or for ill, for good times or bad timeB, for health or for sickness, an' for all the trials an' misfortunes that may befall yew both — for that's it, mind yew — then I'll sav to yew, 4 be man an wife, my children, an' God bless yew both ' " | His voice faltered just a little as he came to a close. I He had promised to give away that which he loved best in all the world. Loved! How poor, how incomplete a word for that holy, untranslatable feeling which made life worth liviug to him in her young happiness. His glory, his idol, at whose feet he would gladly have expired without a regret, without a murmur, without a sigh, every hair of whose head he would have guarded at the price of his he&rt;'B blood. She had twined herself around his being like the slender, verdant ivy around the sturdy oak, closely linked leaf to leaf, not to. be parted without hurt to either. HIb love for her had grown to be part of him, inextricable, inseparable— a blot, a stain upon the fair open page of ber young life would have scorched into his soul, and he had racked ms Drain xor devices to watcn over ner nappmess I like the dragon of folklore over the legendary j bidden gold. j His Aiigel loved this brave, handsome, young J fellow to whom both he and she were indebted 3 for the rescue of their lives. It was but natural I and in the fit order of things that she would love him. It was the right ordaining of a just and kind providence. But, nevertheless, he felt That in promising to allow another to share that which he held most dear, he had left himself impoverished. Would his Augel love him as she now did when her husband was there to claim her suany smiles? What terrors lay hidden in that doubt ! But he was prepared/or the sacrifice, and though his voice nigh failed him as he proposed it, he had never felt calmer than when he had got it over. 44 You're a darling, wise daddie," cried Miss Angel in her new-born happiness, 44 and you always know what is best." She ceased the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, un decidedly. 44 But," she exclaimed with dignity, 4 4 perhaps Mr. Uuderwood - 44 Fray don't misjudge me, Miss Kershaw," interrupted the young journalist. "If I fail in momentary warmth for this great joy which is promised me, it is not because I underrate ilo YtuuD oucu uit»aiugs uu uut uuiue iu uicu i and leave them even-tempered. I hope, Mr. 1 Kershaw, you have well weighed our cqnver- satioti yesterday." j 44 Full au' well, my boy," answered the old man. 44 it'll take me about a month to git things into shape, so that I can leave them safe in other bauds. As soon as that is done we're off to Yewrup. Now I'm goin' to leave yew. Yew can settle all that's necessary about the passages, an' the dress, an the outfit, au' all the rest of it between yew, jest as yew like." Underwood might yet have hesitated, but he perceived in the millionaire's plan a wisdom and ; appreciation of facts of the highest order. The intervening year might do wonders. It was pardonable for him to hope that th destroying scythe might perhaps cut short the criminal career of his terrible father. Who knew ? Any moment might bring a happy release. If Angelica Kershaw and he got married in Europe, they were rich enough to hve there until such -time as a return of his bogey was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kershaw was right, and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having proved that he himself had been Wrong. When they were alone, when for the first time they could unburden iheir hearts to one another without restraint, without fear of misunder standing ; when they could unaffrightedly bask in the sunshine of their mutu.il happiuess, brim ful of the joy f to-day, of their glowing hope of the future ; when they could sit quite close to one another and drink deep draughts of glad peace in one another's eyeB, and could vow, hand in hand, each to the other that they would never, never Ghange, nor in this world, nor in ; all eternity ; they forgot all about the arrange ments for 'the proposed journey, and neither of tht-m as much as cast a thought upon such very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, and If 'floLOyoILiPOf - I No happier young man lived that day in J Manhattan City than Hubert Underwood, as | &< be sat in the tram-car that was taking him to the office of his paper down town. He alighted J at Union Square, the slightly oscillating move- j ment becoming tedious to him, and walked I swiftly along Broadway, glad to expand his chest and to move his limbs, as a safety- valve for his buoyant excitement. The long walk from Union Square to City Hall Pgrk seemed but a dozen yards, so un conscious was he of the distance "traversed. He was swinging along blithely across, the I Park towards the Spruce street entrance, not j far from which the office of his paper was situated, when he jostled against a white- hairwd, white-faced old man, with a short, scrubby aspect, who elbowed him aside roughly, with a curse. The young man was far too happy, however, to be irritated by trifles. He did not bestow so much as a glance upon the old man, whose equilibrium he had unconsciously dashed out of balance, and walked on with quick step until he reached his office. Not so the old man, the same old man who had on the previous day tbigoat his face between . Daniel Kershaw and ;hfs content. When the old .mfliun had delivered Ms rattling volley of \- - -I— -- - - — . - oafltf. the stood atook Mffll iHA iia piercing eves, staring, aridhSithtifofite ' lMJDOiP -I ; j i-'-vr > It IS, Jumpip' Isaac I Wh»t a find ! Aoi' ma without adirne, an par copt to w Hk mustn't lose sight pFhtehbt Ss Sme, J , guess never up. ma, scoundrel has growedl F4 AW«ar to Mxa, though." . ->i . . / H® dashed aftep: ths jOUUg journalist With much swjfter energy I ' depepid, shrunken limbs would ha ve iroaute<L dodg. teg in and out befraft vqhifijes, kpeping qlosa to the buildings, end never fcrft mQineni sflQW<> mg the young man to get mpre than top yarflft ajkeudofhun. V-- - When he saw young Undprwpod enter thft office of the great jojurpal, .he gave a loner whistle, and dived into the eajferapqe of a wars, house nearly opposite, "Let mesee," he muttered. 41 Whsf wea the young good -forrnothetn' nmne when I last notched him in 'Kansas city ? I guess I shall be forgettin myowo name next. It wpf, Underwood. That's what it wos Moxy'ft maiden name. I've got to commopniket w ath Mr. Underwood. That's what I've got to do I reckon. I've got to 1st him git awear as ma fqpd an lovin' father |s Mivq an friskM'-— kicbin' denied hard If it's got to be, J guess," The cellar beneath the warehouse, in the entrance of which Mr. Michael Turner- — for it was he, of course — had found a temporary , refuge, was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of inviting and prosperous appearance, Mr. Michael Turner, after carefully re con- noiiring the Burroundinghouses and those oppo- | site, and assuring himself that the doorway, where young Underwood had disappeared wan the principal entrance leading to the! editorial department, descended into the Regions below, where an elegant, well-stocked bar mada vigorous and temptihg appeals to his strong appetite for food and drink, an appetite which, nevertheless, had — for the moment at least- -to be sternly repressed. The rotund and ruddy -faced Hibernian bar keeper did no: relish his oiiktomer's unkempt I and unwashed appearance. | 44 To the divil wid yez, and get out o' thSp plaice." he cried. 44 Shure an it isn't the ioikee j o' yez that wants cocktails and gin-slings. Take yer ugly faice out o' moi bar or Oi'll make it J uglier." Mr. Turner was not at all affrighted or j affronted by this welcome, but grinned calmly J at the irate son of Erin, standing with legs 1 apart and arms akimbo. 9 j 44 Is it the pepper-box yew've swallered, j Pat ?" be asked jeeringly, 41 or is it the petro- 3 leum can as yew cayn't digest, an as is J bustin ? Yew'il be spilin' yewr complexion, j yew will, if yew excite yewrself so indecent." I 44 If ye don't get out o' moi bar/' exclaimed | the bar-tender, preparing to jump over the obstacle that separated bim from his unwel come customer 44 Oi'll chuck ye out." 44 Yew keep that tertater trap o' yewrn shut. Yewr front teeth want filin down, Pat," re torted the returned convict with an irritating qui-?4;. 44 1 gness it ain't a crime to ask a civfl question, an' if yew wos half a man, let alone a decent Irishman, yew wouldn t insult a poor man that comes to ask it, jest becoB he's poor." I The apDeal to his national characteristic of generosity partially appeased the barman's anger. 44 Ask yer question then," he cried, 44 an' let me see the back o' yer head when ye've asked it." 44 Lord, I guessed as yew wosn't half aft snacky as yew made yewrself out to be," con tinued Mr. Michael Turner. 44 1 ony wanted to know, if so be as yew would tell me, if Mr Hubert Underwood is a-frequentin' this bar?" I 44 Mr. . Underwood!" sneered the barman j 44 Vat's Mr. Underwood loike to do wid a jail- faice loike yez? Faix, an vat should Gi be I answerin' such a question for?" J 44 Mr. Underwood is a perteekler friend o I mine." drawled Turner — 44 a very old friend I an' if be knowed as yew sassed me he'd be j annoyed — vf ry annoyed." j The mention of the young journalist's name however unauthorised it seemed, threw t Qjr8iSUr6 Of Olft upOD fiufi jvfuuvlOR WWBio# 44 Mr. Underwood does come here," replied the bar- keeper doggedly, 44 an' row ye can waH for hi in at the doore." j 44 Thank yew kindly for yewr grate polite ness an' civility," responded the old man with a burlesque bow. He had kept a lynx-like I watch upon the entrance opposite, mid besides gaining time to form a plan, he had assured himself by independent testimony that the person be had followed was really Hubert Underwood. While he was still watehing and seeking for phrases wherewith to continue his wordy warfare, the young man of letters reappeared at the entrance opposite, and his fond pareujk flew up the short flight of steps as if he had K en shot from a bow. Hubert walked with his usual briskness to the corner of William street. After following that street he rapidly turned the corner of Fulton Btreet. the old convict in full pursuit all the while. The pavement was thronged, and the street full of vehicles. At the oorner of Nassau street misfortune would have it that I a couple of big vans laden with packing cases j barred his way. and before ti e old man could I pass this obstacle, the eon had entered the great throbbing Mve of Broadway and, was lost to sight. , The old villain, in his rage at being thua baffled, at himself down on a small bale of I dry goods that was lying in thaentranoe of a warehouse, cursing and swearing with suo|t 3 fury that he was peremptorily ordered away 3 by a clerk. When he hesitated to obey that I summons, he m-t with more energetic treat ment than the bar-tender had meted out to him. An iron fist gripped him by the collar of his coat and flung him with contumely into the gutter, where only by a mercy of providence he escaped being run over and crushed by pasoiqg I nnnmnanroR "FT « 0)ith»TAd himself. tnmtliAr. v#a v » jwfciw »» — — -- --- - — — » ii> — — - — v scowling and tbr«-ateningf and slunk away, bruised, muddy, and sore. There was no help for it. He was foiled, for the moment, and he would - have to play 'the waiting game. He would have to be humble, very humble ; he would have to play Hie pari of a poor, unfortunate petitioner for alms, if need be ; but he would find Mr. : Hubert | Underwood, and having found him -he\Wonld fasten on bim, And never, never lose sight of him again. - . He dodged back into Fulton Street. It little way down, a German fruit and provision \- merchant was standing at toe entrance I store. Good muut was marked all dncws j adipose face, and Mr. Michael Turner gite ) ceived st a gGnce that here he wasfik«dy to j meet with generos«tv. - ; | He looked piteously at toe Teuton, r u . 44 Would yew be so very, very kind, ar, he whispered in his softest and most mellow tone, j 44 as to give a po< r man as ain't got a cent ra I shebt'Of paper an an envelope to write to hift 3 ony Sottas doesnt know as his father has jest ccSfitf© out o' Hospital, and is still very, vety sick." | The fat German looked the old rascal up and hdown dubiously. , — | 44 Come in," he said, with a broad grin, 44 1 L'uMish»-d l>v special arrangement with Messrs' Ward, Lock and Co., publishers. guessyou to oltlhabi nhie;®""r' ' ' 'L' ' With: tout he led Mr. Tnrner TO a iiwie mgn desk aud stbol. and placed a sheet zof paper .aM envelope, and pen his arms whilst the white-headed ruffian, with tee most woe- begone face imaginable, sat down and scribbled his note. . When thepistie was written and tee envelope olosed and addressed, the old scoundrel turod oat his pocket as if searching for coins that ought-to have been stowed away there. "Oh, you kpbws very veil you not got noddins dare," iaed the provision merchant, "und 2 I give you dwendy-fife sents you buy viskey. Here is dwendy-fife aenis, jou. go and buy viricey." , . ... The doubly lucky rascal weut away witn profuse expressions of gratitude, calling upon tee head of hia benefactor all the blessing of a providence teat had been w unkind to hun. Never bad so email a sum as twenty-five cents reaped inore fervent thanks and good . Mr. Turner felt that he was on the high road to torfcunewheu, with his quarter of a <Jollar m hi pocket, And hia epistle in his hand, he entered the office of a big journal. He was immediately accosted and stopped by a clerk. , _ " Your business?" was tee gruff demand. He remembered that humbleness was his beat resource, and bent his neck to the rod. " Would yew please be so kind as to tell me' 2 Mr. Underwood is in the office, an' 2 I can see him? he asked. \- " Mr. Underwood ain't in. and yon cmldn t aee him if he were,' was tee abrupt and de- dsivexeply. . .. " Could I leave this note , for him, if yew please?" he continued „carSigingly, : » yon can leave the Aote for him aud go,' waatheNrh«robtained. " I gu Ffe lost a day," he muttered to himself asT he stepped into the Btrett again, an I've got to keep my eyes skinned now, day an night. When he'll get away from me agin C guess he'll be clever— that he will." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 