The First Death. \---4- S, ,TIL)rYSLttirE THE FilNCi Ti ; La Farlede was'a little village' of: four or Ive hundred -inhabitants between Amiens sod Abbeville., Had in Autum, gay in spring lime, clean, silent, stretched along 'a wide road, its houses low, with roofs black and pointed;-sdriounded by swampy meadows and crowned by a fdrest of oaks, it was a sonterpart 'of all the other 'villages of Picardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to tha'coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, ;to window casings of whitb stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picsardian land. o ape, and that stands a thousand metres, more or less, from the outskirts of those liny provincial hamlets. La Fiarlede, at the moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying ground, had been achieved at last. The Monicipal Council, which had 's long hoarded the funds drawn from the taxpayers for the purpose,hod finally seen fit to pur chase u a ncient field, to wall it in, and to consecrate it to the well merited repose of the people of the country ;:" and on aid alter Novcmber..l; IS-,". so the annoiuncement read, " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready. for the reception of its guests. " . . Naturally enough, every one gossipped and jested with his neighbor on the subject of the ,'elect," who would point out the road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a positiveriot when simultaneously with the conclusion of the ceremonies that made the ancient field a "Gottsaker," handbills ap reared on the walls, including the tfaire's, to the following effect : Whereaa,beingB soend of tind and sound of body, I hereby'declare that in order to I soothe and sweeten the last moments ofthim or of her who will be the first to inauguiste the new cemetery, I have placed in the hands of the Maire of La' Parlede the sum of ten thousand frances, to be delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs for amotner and perhaps better world, .on and t after this the day of opening,' November 1, 16-. 1 In witness, whereof, signeds and scaled by myself, ? ' J ? is BI"UlI.tEUXn. I In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a BIlhe mian of the artellers of the Boulevard Clinchy r and enriched by' the decease of an aunt who, t at the final moment; had consented to afford him herforgiveness for the profession he had i chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate." In the days of his youth an incorrigible ' oker, hoetiltattimes, as in the matter of this handbill, indulged in the same propen. I city. The statement of the placard was true, g however, and in the twinkling of an eye the c news was all over the village. Groups, of i people congregated before the bills to read *for themselves, vwhile'otheramoreincredulous I ran to the lMairetohssk. for confirmation of the same:"'.. b "The fact, is exactly as 'given," he re. sponded; promptly; " there is no omistake c noout it., The. money is in my hands and c will so remain,:' &e.;,'&c.; The announcement thus officially vouched for, everyone joyously returned to his home h to oegin at once the calculation of his chance f -ttd take stck, as ie were, of those belonging to himt, and to estimate their average long. tl evity. It goes withobt saying that those of e the inhabitants fortunate enough to have o sick or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though,'of course, they triumphed I secretly and in silence, whilst the othere- I those whose families were sound and healthy P -were forced to comfort themselves with the forlorn hope of an acsident, an unexpected sncizre, or insidious draughts of air. b ." Such and eucl a one's taking off," they g recalled, "had been extremely sudden; So a' and ea's trifling illness fatal; unlooked for T deaths were always dceurriog," and those tc thousnnd tanlalizing pFitoles danced a svra. bond in their dreams even when they fell tl asleep. .. SAs- for -the-Maire, poor man, life had be- b come a burden to him.because of the liourly t deputations and avalanche of queries to 0 which he was forced to listen. ' 'l Mus~t they be of the village," they be soudght him anxiously, " or was it senlicient to be a member of tbs parish? Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom "death might take by violenee?" queiles that plainly betrayed the villagers' a?gilesh of mind, and. hugely amused the. a donator. ": " . .. , b It is not every day, as yonu know' that people give up the ghost'in villages, cnd a whole week passed by after the opening of a the cemetery, without ad eveit if the" kind occurring. Still the brairis of the people continued to be over decited, and every one, "n from baker to butoher, from curate to hue. nandman, laid off work from time to tine to 8 measure with his eye, or calculate mentally, P tnle additional goods or larming ground por chasable with the' money-only the cafes h were busier than ever. By the end of the week the stloy of the d handbills had beeorme an old one, but by no means a ,less absorbing one, though the villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when -discussing the matter, and openly footed up the chances.- The family t of aeortsinLa l'oireaux, by common con. h rent, had settled it that they were to be thi fortunate inheritors, fair "ad they not cl among them, this family,- La -Poireaux an fi old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of e habit alone-a wheezy,yellow, dried up old a rummy, whom twice a day they carried to f the door to Eask in the usehine, and whose li demise had long been eideeted, . o " But sometimes these aged ones live for 'ever," objected a nmalicious listener,-" and t,,s0 one'showsno more signs of dying thano he has done for seimonths past." t" S'"-All the'same;" added another, " it is the a Ifinily of'Lu Piresux'wbo:i the tMaie has :his eye upon." ' '-. t Neverthelels, detpite the anguish of desireo Sthat had seized upon all in the race for this'money, La Farlede possesed no 'assae sin, It was true that the ailingaul the vecry _| aged had become a centre of interest to every one in the familyv,for they.would be able, if necoinmodatinog,toleave.hsbehind them a enug little saoum,; et no and dreamed of accelerat; ing their departure. -'In the houeholds 'of the less happily plaeed the interest was equally abbsorbiog ab. harsh dough, a.:labouied'breatrhin, bring Singthe ear upon the alert in 'an? iqs?!ant. Coughs anddifliualo breathings were bar .bingers of inftlammation- of the longs, and o .intammation of the lunogs, a everv on knewi S.took its vPictm quicely. .: If another doe had a red face or an indigestion they awaited apoplezy, and a child who had been anri f invalid from birtb, aid begn to recover from d Sthe moment of the' prdeclarmution, was cIot :- off with iashilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir itC'had prevooiulv bae. . :.!,T?he entire village at the exneratie of lthis ea.?me wreek.was pale and enacieted. Even \- ho?e,whobnltadscoffed::the loudest at 'this v.h~Yv~aPg-.,deed mienu shoes no longer slept .'drsnkards dreank:c'e at moosi .no.5 t' tdrgtnk .before;the avaricious '0o- r ten eret-i whle the sick, on the co '0''Iy, onee -ho ebj eeed, to this t O'rl hs rtiicgsg lthe btll,reirgd to vie with I I; -hasrevt'a.b ell, or riothcer a knoll, did ring ,'outotbaead of?his mornig Ah?gelu,u'ad the ple'op efallnoeri v~aher ea hother in-'the dark epo .nd;~ eo iisoltpg fate,-';precipi;tated them ,elvoe.vs ved g s ittiaeh ti erd.lwr o ;hhad' on. ,.- A . se;rrieo[,,tl~olprp, breathlesoas al. e 1p?ntlng, ttjvqeeoly to find tha the ?icadle .: n n?a:l)l. , llBi as' atbiep, oap r zed thap Silhrd h".lthinkihg bf iiak' ~ho b du death,[ 'ira'ins•c withuoiit reason. Truly ie was f| time this busndesq should end, o they wonld : 'ill'bs aid' inasd e? the beadl: '" " ;e c 'i t/''J I'' Ah, well, there lived at this time in La Farlede, a poor and unfortunate peasant, the father of two little helpless babies,, and with whom nothing had .ever succeeded. Thoiaige carcely past hie fortieth year, he had ran through every country of the world, r to return, at last, vanquished, to his native va illage. IIe was a good fellow, gentle, affec g tionate, dreamy, and inoffensive, but he was unable to gain a living for himself and family'in'a country where the struggle with, the earth was hard and endless. Hlssslender t frame took badly to the labour of the fields, and he possessed nootherresource. Misery and want encompassed the household, and each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undressing the children, and he, tortured and cowed by a sense of weakneas and failure, writhed in secret. The placard of the painter Bitumeneu? had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Nay, more than that, it had given him an idea. What if he should be tho one to leave ten thousand franics to his wretched family? It would I lift them above want for ever; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbe ville, perhaps, a habsrdashery-perhaps a more pretentious shop. Iias wife was in?l. Sligent, industrious.-sue would surely prosper as the business. He saw them alreacy, these deprived ones, eccuro of thee necesar ie Ihe had been unable to tive tihem, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a commiessire. That cer.iing he embraced them and heldI them upon his breast loender than usual, mur muting as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw. d I will doit-- must do it it is my1 duty " . . The idea that had come to him with the reading of the placard, and born of mniereyr and shame, was suicide. For him it' 'wes the rehabilitation of nil his disastrous enter prises, the atonement for the sorrow that he had brought uponhhis family. But, obh,the agony of parting from these beings so te- . derly loved, whose welfare and happiness hee could seere at last, but secure onl by bone means. He went out to walk for a while is. the embrowned fields, the yellowed forest. but the rustling of the dead leaves that his foot poshed aside sounded to h.m like the rust. ling of a shroud; robs burot from his, n guished. breast as he regarded the wide heavens, the valley full of shadows, and the litte.,village that held his ell. For a lone time be hesitated. I'erharn chance would deliver him--perhaps it would not be necessary to take his life in order that they might live, that they might have fire upon the darkened hearthetone, and bread in the empty cupboard. Long ago he had tesured himself by talkina with a neighbor, who had questioned the Moire. that suicides would count in this funeral play. (Of course he must kill himself-to wait longer was to permi the'chance that as yet was his, to be grasped by another. IIg took' his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the vil. lage, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body-a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the nrew-the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of ihe poor hero. The women nought to spit in his face, the Town Council itself waited upon M. Ititumoneuz to demand of him that the money should not bepaid to the family of each a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thousand more to the first ten thousanjd and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children. " It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy--" my fault, and but for ms the thing would never have hap. pened." 'The Maire alone and the gendarmes. whom it had been necessary to call upon before tne body of the martyr could be laid in the ground, followed it to its last resting olace, and that same day "the bid wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Picardy, and upon bis tomb one reqds the inecription (out there by a cunning but eaaeiligious hand during the diikness of the, uight alter the inter m ent). d The ditch of the thief. 