LAAY CIEiWY1ND'8 lPECTRE, in CHAPTER XLI. J NEAIILY DETECTED. Atfire was burning in the low bur. i nisbed grate, for the May evening wase chilly in the house. Lord Ohetwynd t was walking slowly up and down tl the a'ngth of the room, his arms folded t across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on~s face. The mellow light flhttered e dqý through pale tinted globes upon h fiats Monk's dark EastIndianbeauty ei an> Lord Chetwynd looking at her, ' noticed for the first time the pale y tuior and anxiety in her face and Weshat is the matter, Sylvial'ho asked i1 ki-dly. 'You are looking ill.' i .iThere is nothing the matter more than usual, Roy,' said Miss Monk, her oI gigersotill dropping softly on thekey.. a \- am not qutie well of late, and you hlve been too absorbed in your meu . rial school and your tenauts , notice the fact-that is all.' Lord Chetwynd lookt.d startled and a .anxious. A deeper gravity sett ea a'bout his delicate mouth under the ii "shadow of his golden moustache, and It iFi hite brows. 'Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvidl n he asked in tones of self-reproach. o *Believe me sorrowfull and hopeless c as I am, I am not insensible to, nor a ungrateful for, the great gift of your u pure warm true hearr. In time per- I hsps,' and his voice grew broken, 'in time I may learn to love you as you o deserve to be loved, but now Sylvia t be patient with me, and let the mantle r of your love and charity cover all my ahortcoings. .I am patient,'said Miss Monk with p an irrepressiblebitterness. Have I not borne to be set asede for that n memorial school ever sines your return This is the first evening we have I spent together since our second betroth I al. I could almost think that you avoid me. 'Sylvia has my neglect of you been so marked that it has seemed hke avoidance? It is not necessary that I should defend myself against such a charge as that. I have been preoccupied but you have known the reason, I , havo supposed you occupied with millindrs and dressmakers, and happy and content.' .'I have been so occnpie'7; tbut-not. continually, said Sylvia somewbat resentfully. 'My trousseau is in a forward state of preparatioo,and I hal, no further care in regard to it. Worth, is desipging for me some exquisite cos tumc? e.nd thi glooni'of Mass Monk's. brao lightened a little. 'You must take me to the Continent,to the German spas, and to thi French watering places.' • Wew)vill go wherever you wish,Sylvia. You: shall plan our tour.' !Then I will spend a year abroad, Ti, ",the summer in France and perappy,,thC aplltimn pt four villa at I: Menton, and the winter at Rome. I h am tired of England.' b *If we go abroad for a year, I shall it have to resign the Building of the It school entirely to Sanders and the architect,' said the young mart quis, w sighing; but I shall h ncefortrl cotsult S all your wishes above my own. It is si the least 1 can do for you, in payment of your great love for me.' - 'The calmge will no you good also ti Roy. You are :n a more healthy a frame of mind (ban you were a month I ago. Have you had a recurrence of your illusion lately' ti 'I have not seen the-the spectre I since that night in the park over a a month ago,' - h 'Thenlet us hope that the ghost is tl laid,' said Sylvia lightly. 'You see J s consider the spectre as simply an illus ion on your part. As DrHartright v saidyour liver was probably disordt:red. By the way the good doctor callcd upon a me the day after yCur visit to him, and I talked to me for an hour learnedly of a cerebral excitement, disordered liver, a and the necessity for prompt diversion. Anil Roy the doctor urged me to pushi a forward our marriage, and take you o away from the Park. lHe told me to S marry you directly, and not wait until el the time appointed. MhIa Monk wraethed Chetwynd's a face with a -idelong, ca -like glance, to see the effect of her seugestiols. In it her dread of Bernice, whom she knew p to be living, she would gladly a have hurried on her marriage and take-n a Ohetwynd abroad. Once on thu it Continent. she would have remained a away for years until she had ceased to t fear Bernice, or until Bernice should ]i be dead, a But Lord Ohetwynd did not catch l at her suggestion with a lover eager ness. Indeed his answer dashed her b eprining hopes to earth again p 'Hartright may be correct,' he: remark- h ed, 'bot I have ceased to see the spectre of and I am my old self again. The' b, mystery of those appearances I may it never know Sylvia but I cannot quite believe them mere illusions. If spirits tl can return and make themselves visible B then I have seen again my dead youog es wife. Butif, as I think, such ret:um by ct mere sup:'rsitiotn In those,who behslvt or in it, th, t nwhatis the mystery of the or epectre tlst has haunted mel No, th Sylvia, we wali not IH married untl: ht the time we have appointed. It is sow at May, and we are are to be "married the third week in June. We have not in long to wait,and in the meantime some- di thing may occur to throw light on ru this strange mystery.' to •Shall you always be so wrapped up tl in one who is dead1 asked Sylvia with di ,uddea emuotion, her face gro~sing pt?le a:d angry. Bernice gave you to w mue wates slle was dying. I laov you '5 ioy, with all my be .rt and soul, Will e' you always taUmpls otn that lovel Der- d nice in her best days, never gave you t the pssiunate d evotiont I lay at you itet-never. No one ever loved you is I love you. And what is my r·- r ward! You are always talking to me of her. You treat me as if 1 were your h sister instead of your betrothed wife. w You hav'n't kissed me since the night of ft your return home-thib night you asked h ute to marry you-and even then I S beeged ste caress. I give you every n thit:,; you gist me nothing. Is this I just or righttl' Site whirled round upon the music ft stool her face alatme with her passion ate protest her blrck eyes open widtit .nd3 all ablaze. La:ir Cte'twynd felt rt for her a sudden pry. It was true a ;oat she was giving hul all her love,and I it was giving her only a brotherly b affection. He moved towards her under the a impluse of that tender pity, and took her in his arms. I Aed just then alight, soft step came y noist ly along the flower bordered aisles u of the great conservatory, a;d appro;- I cited the door of the mus:ic room tr whence the sound of voicts issued. The t new comer was Bernice, in her silcen C burial robeo. All unconscious cf the near proximity a of the young wife whose death he a mour..ed so despairingly, Lord Ohet- d wynd bent in pitying .ffection above c false hearted being who had wrought t him so much woe, and whom he had promisea to marry. He took Sylvia's head to his bosom i and the swarthy East Indian face with t ts carnation cheeks lay on his t breast, and the black eyes looked love at him; and just then the sliding I doorolipped noiselessly apartat a tooth and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither saw her, Ohetwynd was ,aziog down into the black fathomless I eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was uncon' scious of all but him and her love for Shim. S'My poor Sylvia,' said his lordship, with a pitying tenderness that his til'ed Shis heart, 'but for yaou I should be irdeeddesolate. I love you Sylvia, "ann--Lwill_ to you a good husband, Stender and true>-I" shal lhavo inyou a magnificent bride, itideed-one worthy to bear the name of OUhetwynd. Kiss me darling. He losered his face and noble head ito the swarthy face on his breastr, and kissed Sylvia. She returned the car ess rapturtouly with interest, calling him fons names, and telling him how she loved him. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. The 5, earessess that had thrilled her loving ed soulwere lavished now upon Sylvia, a ·'r9pottenJ The cruel word scarred her writhing Eoul liking a burning brand. Forgotten! Supposed to be in her grave, while yet s'ie was living Better she had died. 'alnoher kiss,tmy darling,' slid COut- I wynd gently, striving to comipecns:ta Sylvia for his long co;lu s:, iy : show, of lover like warmth. Agaia the pot name S;note -:n 1·r" nice's ears arouting her from her du:mb trance. She looked at the p.ir wildly and a low, smothered cry burst fromi her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint round and turned and beheld her. For a moment he, too, stood transfixed. Than with a wild cry he dropped Sylvia from his hold as if she had been some inanimia'e thing and bounded towards the seeming spectre. Bernice fled before him like a vision. ?ires Monk clught a glimpse of the white robe., the whiter face framed in masses of floating dusky hair, and with a shriek came rushing with sinuous sweep into the conservatory. Bernice flew down the long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She sa's light and fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd "like a shining meteor. ,t. thle june!ion of mother aisle she tripp, d and stumrni., d upon a misplaced fiholer .ot. Oawt wynd now gained on her. His bri all ing sounded hoarsely in her ears. Her panic increased she could not see the rway before her. She stumbled again, and now b0etwynd retcihed out his hand to grasp her. She was aw.ry again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his hand and the yellow film gave way sndl remained in his clutch, while she flew on and out at the open door. He was at the door the next instant but the seeming spectre had disap-1 peered. There was a taint starlight and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawr but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the lawn and gardens the cliefi and the beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the ehadow of the porch covering the garden entrance to the house. Bat there, on the deep garden sea', Bernice had crouched until he hadl passed on towar the cliffs, and then she hurried into thn hoses and up the private stair to the attics. .. ... Her escape had not been made au instant too soon. She had scarcely disanpeared, when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps to the porch where theyoung marchioness had been hid. den. 'The door is ajar,' muttered Sylvias with a: baeleful gleam in her black eyes, 'She has gone into the house. ShP? evidently intends to hide. As sab dots not intend to reveal herself. I ut so far safe.' She closed thedoor, that Chetwy d might not be tempted to enter it,on bis return to the conservatory. 'I shall pretend that I did not see her,' she thought halting in the door, way, and looking o-t into the dism, fragrant night. 'It is best to treat her appearance as Chetwynd's illusii.. She is in the house. Gilbert must not know of her presence here, and Imust warn tagee at once. My old ayah must find means to remove her for is- r from my path this very night. \i iir swift, undulating movemnat, diia Monok returned to the musie room and thence proceeded to her own apartments. She found the old East Indian wom a crouching before her boudoir fire. She told her briefly what had occuured,rand enjoined her to absoluce cauticn and silence. 'Leave it all to me miss,' said the Hindco. 'My lady shall not trouble you after to night. I think sheis gone up to the attics, to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my Lord with an easy heart missy. After to night no ghost will haunt Chetwynd Park.' The woman spoke with a subtle menace which her mistress fully under stood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the-Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret draw within. Then with a face of a smiling demoo, the East Indian'woman concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away oat of the room and crept stealthily up to the attic.' Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and then set out to the music room. In the hall, just outside her door, she encountered her brother, who we s in his dressing gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. 'What's the row Sy!vias' 1he asked, wbhant does all the skurryin5 up and down stairs meant What ha happen edl' 4Nothing-nothing,'crid iss Monk with an eagerness that - used his susnicions that something as wrong. 'I camse upeto my.aroosfof piece of mue-ic. Go back to. b Gilbert, I must return to the ma lis who is waiting for me. She moved away as sh poke, and hastened todescend thea . Monk caressedI his besrd whi he looked thoughtfully after he Sho had g corme up to her room fo a piece of V music, but her hands tre empty. Mr Monk boing var state upon e ocrasion, whistled soft, and went g back to his room, drew st his coat a, and boots,and also hurr down to the d mteit rug; Hlis ister was in the rooe.. alone and 'r ,:ted his apprarancecwith a. black frown. *)go go .uck, Gilberl!' osh xcla:imed. ,fly a:.d I are having a private in' ervi ii. Ho will not. like this inter i:u t G. Go, or you will regret 'um !' said Mr M.-k oaging him Celf into aCotair, *I s.aall regret it if I do go, no doubt. I know you, my suntab:e eister, and I choose to remain here until your lover comies. Some game is ioot. lJa, what's itat.' There was a sound of hurried foot stops in the conservatory, and Lord Cnetwynd rushed into the music room pale, wild, and disordered. Monk lotped to his feet in amazement. The marquis looked past him with a wand erl?g gaze. 'H1s she been backi' demanded 0 e:wynd. 'I have missed her1' 'Wio?'cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk in a trath, the former pale. the latter eager. 'Bernice my wif.. Did she come back this wayl' repeated Chetwynd 'Great heavens ! Have I lest her egaiul' "Ahl has the spectre appeared to you ,g in my lordt' qnestioned Monk, his fae flaming. Has the ghost been becrel' 'Yes; Bernice came and looked upon as, .s Sylvia and I stood yonder. She sighed or moaned. and the sound seut to my soul. Isaw her face, and ,t was pale and sorrowiul, yet glorious :nits beau:y and loveliness. Sylvia 'aw italso.' 'No, no-I eaw 11o ghost !' 'Oaetwynd tursed upon Sylvia aloak ameazment. 'Surely you saw her,' he declared; 'you looked towards her-you did not see her. 'I swear I did not see it. And you looked towards yonder doer. Syivial' 'Idi . I lo(,kd strarght at yonder doorway, affirmed the swarthy beauty. Had anything been there,even ashadow I must have asen it; out there was nethiug there.' 'What am I to think?' cried Lord Ohetwynd his pale face, growing paler still. 'You looked at the epot where she stcoJ., nd you did not see fir! Do you think you saw an appara tlu, and deny it to deceive m intoe belieE bat.ht.I * aw siothing 1 saw w ghoit no Sylvia no spectre. I exper iencedno illusion. So sure!y. as there is a heaven above us, that vision was a living breathing woman. 'Impossible, my lord!' cried Monk alarmed. 'My poor Roy's brain is turned! wailed Sylvia trembling with affright. 'Oh my darling let, Doctor flarttight be sent for. liH does not know what he says.' 'lhush. Sylvia i' and Lord Ohetwynds' fair pale face became stein it its expression; 'do not speak like thmat again. Mad! I wonder 1 am not umad. What is this mystery! Who is this woman with Bernice's face gloritied,and with my wifea sweet eyesl A living breathing woman as I said, Monk, come search with me; she cannot have gone far. I must find her.' 'My lord,' said Monk, calming hime self bya strong tffort and speaking soothbtgly,'you deceive yourself. Sylvia did not yee her, and had there been a woman Sylvia muuat have seen her, You have experitne.td a recurrence of your singular optcal illusion.' 'I will not hear that word again Monk,' said his lordship excitedly, his tace flashing. 'Illusion ! why she ran along the conservatory and I heard her light footfalls. She tripped upon a flower pot left in the path! I was is near to ner as I am to you. I reached out my arm to grasp her and I caught this.' Chetwynd laid the scrap of lace flat pon his hand. 'The mystery deepens,' he said hoarsely. 'Whoever she is, how came she with this lace, which I remember so welll' 'Ohetwynd,' said Monk slowly. 'I think you are the prey of some design ing woman who presumes on her resemblancelto Bernice. Calm yourself look at the matter dispassionately, if you can. Bernice is dead and so your visitor cannot he she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said,some designing woman.' 'Bat the face was pure and noble- 'That proves nothing. The face might have even been mask. Let us re. sume our search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspect what wearedoing. Xou search the park, and I will search the cliffs and bheach. Shall it be sol' The marquis assented,and thrust the lace in his pocket, and went out with a perplexed and troubled face. The mystery had indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. He hurried out towards the park, into whose dark recessesa he plunged and disappeared, Monk did not to tpeak to his sister. He too hurried out of the house, but he did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, he went to the garden en. terance, and stole into the house; and made his.way up to the attics, as Rages had done before him. 'I'il lind her up here,' he thought. 'She has come up to change her goen Ihave been mighty near to ruin to night. Once I get possession of her again, I'll hold her fast, so that she gLall uot escape reo' CHAPTER XLI. A VAIN SEARCII. Gilbert Monk went from attic to attic in a vain and rambling search for Bernice. lie went from room to room searching udoks and cluoets. After a few uinutes thus spent, he became conscious that some one was moving in tin' rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Berniee was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and noiselessly, having reimoved his boots at the outset. He gained upon the stealthy per son in adv:.uce, and soon became aware of the fact that she had halted and was hiding somewhere in the stillness and darkness. Listening he was sure that he heard suppressed breath ing. 'I have her now,' he said to himself eunltantly; She sha'l not escape me again. Myglove of velvet shall conceal hands of iron. Now my lady have you like a bird in a cage. There is no out let to yonder room, I .fancy, save through this. You are caught at last!' He hastened in his stockinged feet towards the low doorway, passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. At the same instant a figure just within the doorway sprung upon him, and a pair of long, supple hands stole abhut his neck, as seeking to strangle him. 'Ha, I have you now I'hissed a voice which he recognized as that of the old East Indian woman. 'This time girl i you die.' The long lingers twisted themselves like snakes round his neck and the old woman clung to him like a horrible incubus. But suddenly her fingers came in contact with his beard. The shock of a great surprise unerved her fingers. The Thug like hold on him relaxed' and now Monk seized his assailant and flung her from him like some venomous.reptile, hurling her to the floor, as he cried out 'You accursed hag! You herel' 'You here, Mr Gilbert? said the old Hindooiun a chocked voice gathering herself up and scawliug at him through the darkness. 'Curse you,' said Monk angrily. 'I oug4t to kill you, you infamous Thug!' The Hindoo breathed hard, and 'gare ati rl m?__h h .e5 tht gleamed like living coals. 'You are in search for Lady Ohet wynd, ehb' The old woman muttered an unin telligible response in her own tongue. 'Get out of this,' said Monk author. itively. 'if you make another move against Lady Ohetwynd, I'llhave you sent away from Chetwynd Patk. You tried to murder her ladyship at the skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off new; You ore lighting me do you understandi You don't know Gilbert Monk yet and I warn you not to wake him. Let my lady alone. Again 1 Iwarn you. Now you old hestnen ro.' 'I will not go,' muttered the old wo n·n, dogeidly. 'You are playing some game of your own,Mr Gilbert but I'll block you in it!' 'Go away I tell you. Better not brave me I know you,root and branch 1 have plans of miy own, and so have you. 1 overheard that little interview of your with Sylvia. My sister shall be lady of Chetwynd I am trying to make a little money. Are you content nowt' 'No. There is danger to Sylvia whilE my lady lives. My lady must die.' 'And I say she shall not die. I love h r and .he shall live for me, 'Youlove my lady scoffed the old woman. 'I know better. There was never a trace of love in the look you used to give her. You hated her once for coming bhtween my lord and Sylvia. Love her! Bah! You cannot love, You are aiming at a fortune. You will produce her when my lord has married Sylvia, and claim a vastamount of money for having befriended my lady-' 'What preposterous nonsensel Cheta wynd would kick me out of the house in such a case, for not having restored his wife before. I repeat Sylvia is safe as far as a am concerned; Let her marry Chetwy)nd as soon as possible. And now leave me alone, and harm. Bernice at your peril.' The old woman snarled in disseatisfac". tion. She did not believe Monk's protestations, but she answered, with a hypocritical whine which did not in the least deceive her opponent 'If you say its all right, Mr Gilbert I suppose it is, and I'll go down stairs,' With this she abruptly darted past him into the larger attic, and glided in the corridor beyond. 'She haslresumed her search,' mut tered Monk. 'I'll follow her. We ate sure soon to find Bernice. And I willlook in the upper garret to which Bernice sent me before, He hurried out, but the Hindoo had disappeared. He sought for her, but he could not find her. He visited the little garretin which Bernice had before hidden, hut the youthful marchioness was not there. He searched for hours until he was fatigued and wrathful. then he went down sullenly to his own room, and lad scarcely composed his features to even a semblance of their ordinary calm when a knock was heard upon his door, and Lord Ohetwynd entered the room. Q've been to our rool trije? Gile bert,' said his lordship abruptly, and you were not in. Have you just returned from your search?' 'But five minutes since,' replied Monk arising and prolIr:ring a chair. I have mearched everywhere, but I have bat gained any light upon the mystery.' Chetwynd refusing the chair, strode to and fro,and exclaimed ercitedly 'Giibert I am blfll.'d by this mystery I feel as if I were strugglhug in a net, for there is one thing I cannot explain, and the marquis fixed his keen blto eyes in a piercing glance upon the boyish face of his stepbrother. 'I proved that this appartion is a living woman. It is she who appeared jto me in the park- and who appearedal9in the doorway between the conservatory and drawing room nn the night of my return home.' 'Ye--s, it would seem so,' acknow ledged Monk reluctantly, not seeing the point at which the marquis aes aiming. 'Then, demanded Lord Chetwynd, how was itthat you did not see her as she ran past you when you stood in the door of the conservatory on that night? Monk was startled. Chetwy d's keenness alarmed him. He changed colour, and in his embarrassment bent over and stirred his fire with aimless energyl 'I-I did not see her on that night,' he stammered. 'She must have hidden herself somewhere among the flowers instead of making her escape at once from the conservatory. I take my oath I did not see her. Ohetwy nd's piercing gaze seemed to read the very soul of the trem ling hypocrite Lefore him, ¶ he silenc and the keen prolonged searching sta un nerved Monk, who walked away to a window. 'Sylvia must have seen her,' said Chetwynd gravely. She must have seen her on the night of my return, and again to night, and yet Sylvia denies having seen her.' 'Sylvia did see her on both occass ions,' said Monk with an assumption of frankness. 'But she took the visitor to be Lady Chetwynd's spectre and feared upon ,your account, to acknowledge having seen it. Sylvia was nearly paralyzed with fright each time, but she conceived that your reason was threatened and esodenied having seen the apparition. Pear girl, for your sake, Ohetwynd she'endured fall her .dread the secret in her own bras , e a natural frankness impelled be to con fide the whole truth to you. Chetwynd looked grave, and was silent. 'The mystery will soon be solved,' said his lordship, with increasing calm ness. 'I have at last something tang ible to work upon. This fragment of lace proves that my visitor is living, and I intend to know who she is. I shall need your help aleo, Gilbert. 1 shall telegraph to Scotland yard in the morning for a skilled detective to he sent down immediately. I shall keep the identity of the detective as profound secret between ourselves, I will not even entrust the telegram to a servant and I shall beg you to take it over to Eastbourne and transmit it yourself L can trust you Gilbert, butwhom else 1 shall not know until I havesolved this mystery.' 'I shall be glad to be of service to you Chetwynd. Comman. me in any way you please!; and tip better to conceal my errand from the household here, I'll walk over to ghetwynd by Sea and hire a fly at the inn there.' Lord Ohetwynd aceedgI and drew out his note book and wfote a message upon a loose sheet addressing it to the superindent at Scotland ard, London. lie gave this into Monk' handsenjoin ing him to dispatch it im early hour of the morning, and son after with drew. 'There's trouble asad,' muttered Monk, 'unless I eaptp her again. She's not in the attic. daresay she's got off. I'll have to seodthe telegram, for any treachery in rPgard to it would be speedily detectedl I must avoid suspicion at all cost, I'd give ten years of my life to know where the girl is now. Unable to sleep he made another tour of the attic but' without success, Soon after daybreak he entered the inn yard and a stable boy came forward to him. i. -I want a fly to tale ?nbtt Eastbourne said Monk abruptly, 'How soon. can you have it ready? 'There's one here now reedy to start air.' replied the boy,: 'which belongs to Eastbourne, and broughtover a lady as wer veiledlast night, The lady got out up the street, and told the driver to come here and wait for her, but she have given 'uas the slip, and hasme't been nigh 'un since. 'And ;the sdvier are ravin' mad because he's to get no pay for the return trip.' 'Ah, said Monk. 'lllgo back with him. The lady has giveenhi the slip,has she? Is the fly ready to starit this moment?' The stable boyreplied in the affirms tive,and conducted blonk to the stable yard where the vehicle ia question was in wait oing. The driver was buckling the last strap, and swearing at his horse. Monk entered into negotiations with the cabman, and hired thIbe vehicle to convey him to Eastbourne, the stable man soa choosing to allow his horses to go out before their breaktfst, Monk gave the cabasn money for drink, and se loosing his tongue, obtained a description of the lady passenger who had comeover to Chetwynd on the previous night. The de¢FiptigP u he ere tedt tadlic1 tvith the appearance of Bernice. But why had not Bernice returned to the village after her visit to the Park, andgone away in the cab? Had the Hindoo found her and killed her? Or was she still hiding at Chet wynd Park? These questions occupied Monk during the journey to Eastbourne. He sent his telegram, and waited for an answer. He inspected all the passengers who departed in the morning t ain, but there;was no one who culd be mistaken for Lady Chet wynd. 'The question resolve s itself into two points,' he thought at last. 'Bernice is still at Chetwynd Park in hiding or else abe has been killed by the Hindoo. I'll searehevery roomin;the Park afresh. Great heavens the detective mustnot come here and find her!' He engaged a haosome cab, and met out on his return to Chetwynd Park,arrli eg home soon bifter the nine o'clock break fast. He had his repast alone, and sub sequently en interview in the library with Chbtwynd, after which he went up to his sister's rooms. Ragee was in attenoanenee upon her mis tress, but the Hindoo woman's head was bound up in her turban as in a bandage, and there were plasters on her face. She walked lame also, and Monk leaped to the conclusion that she had had a personal conflict with some one- probably with Bernice. He regarded the woman keenly, and detected a smouldering rage in her in her stealthy eyes, and he knew by that tigress look that Ragee had found her victim after the East Indian woman had parted from him. And if she had found Bernice, what then? He went out from Miss Monk's room full of fear and trembling, and muttered, as he stole again to the lonely attice 'Bagee found Bernice-that is clear. She must have killed her. But if she escaped her fangs. she is hidding somewhere now, and I must get her away before the detective officer comes, Whatsif he were to find her? Once get her safely eat of the way, and I can defy him. My traeke are covered.' CHAPTER XLIII. INVESTIGATING THE MYSTERY. The answer from bcotland yard to Monk telegram had been to the effect that the superintendent would place one of his best men at Lord Chetwynd's service, and that the cficer thus detailed would arrive at Eastbourne upon the following day by the express. In Lord Chetwynd's efforts to solve the mystery, he resolved that the real charac ter of the detective officer for whom he had sent should be made only to his ueost tnusted fri nds.-namely,Banders and Gilbert and Sylvia Monk. The 3cong marquis accordingly gave orders thata room should be pre. -,a.4fnc_.nmaseted guest, and in arder be or ere t cai - ? upon the following morning, and drove over to Eastbourne to meet the detective intending fully to enlighten him as to the cause of his own disquiet before the off?oer should arrive at Chetwynd Park. His lordehip occupied the interior of the carriage atlone, declining the proffered companionship of both Sanders and Monk. lie drove directly to the station arriving just as the train steamed slowly in, He alighted and made his way to the platform and eurveyedthe passengers as they stepped out from the carriage: From one of the first class'compartmenat issued a grand and commanding figare, ef tall and massive proportions, with grizrled head and beard, and a pair of keen black eyes that swept one swift comprehensive gaze over the platform and then rested upon Lord Chetwynd in a look of bright glad recognition. The .naquis recognized him on the instant. Ihe grand looking stranger was his recent tr velling companion the great explorer of Tartary Mr Tempest. Forgetting his errand at the station in his serprise Ohetwynd sprang forward with outstretched hands and hearty welcome. 'My dear friend,' he extlaimed, 'I eap. posed you had forgotten me. You ate surely bound to Chetwyod.Park.' Tempest pressed the young lord's hand in both his own with fervour as he an swered 'I have run down unannounced and very quietly, to make you a little visit my lord I have borne your kind invitation in mind, but have not been able to accept it until now.' 'You have given me a pleasant surprise air. I knew that you were still in Eng land The newspapers chronicle your goings and comings, your presence at dinner, and parties, and societies, and we dwellers in the country kept:well infomed of tio proceedings of the new lion. I fe -l flattered that you have abandousd all the gran! banqu tings got upin your home for visi: tome. 'I count Lord Chetwynd as one of my few friends,'said Tempest, with a bitter snile, and I am not sneha prodigal as to forget a friend. A little mn who had emerged from a second class carriage, and who had been wandering abootthe platform questi aleg the station-master, now approached Chaet wynd, raisieg his hat. To be continued. The Britannia, from Melbourne, 9th May, arrived st Plymouth on thea morning of the 20th inst. ,'tBn ivterTOz COUnaR MlDT onra Colgha. Cold, BronshiLtiaAsthms, Whoop Ing Coungh ight Cougbhs Tickliong Coaugh sad the adrsdful back saggestive of Gon. nmptilon, to guoarated. Ask yeor espeete lew-low-tormaman, John Eloset, E?q., af dolden Square, and l.000others of nanharut to whom the remedy is well kLowa, Sold by aill Druggists and General storekeepers ehroughont the colony at 9s per bottle FseacOc LoNesoae, nlraaeaosuser adero prietor, 138 Bourke street east, Melibonat tolsalst and retall chemist. THain Ba?e BaIaDY ro1 INDImsTIUR a TOrTOa'aCAsOsLeU PILLo ore Uonduntly recommended as aeimple remedy for adiges?. ti0n, which la the casna of Ueal all the die. .asse to which we are eaunje't. Norton'a Pills, with justice called the 'Natarnl Strengthener of the ULntu ttomarkch, autn o powerful touft ad guatle apenrtat am, mdd in th~t operation, and 'as a?des aay nlrounntantoe, Bold is bottle at is 1jd, i Id ils, by all Medicine Veadne thought? the World, 