Story Column. RECALLED TO LIFE on, What a Woman Did for Love. A. TAT, TI OF THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW, BY JAMES SKIPP BORLASE. Author of "Darker than Death," "Hichea to ituin," " An Ocean Secret," Ac., &c.; ill OUEKKSLAJOT HIQHT3 UKSEHVED, BDOK 1Y.— THE VOYAGE OF. THE MADAGASCAR. Citatteb XLYI. — Snows Honv Bit.vn- shaw Yi.vteo His Hatred on Giant. Tho dead were laid out on the port side of the ship, and tho wounded to starboard, and the latter, foe impartially with friend, had their wounds dressed and their agony as much as possible assuaged as promptly and effectually as both could he _ ac complished ; nor was even female minis tration wanting, for Bessie Grant and Xucy Webb, the latter rising superior for awhile to her own most bitter grief in her womanly pity for the intense and agonising suffering that slio saw all around her, volunteered for active service as nurses, and carried their duties through to the admiration of all who be held them. The wounds were, in the majority of cases, of so deadly a nature, however, having been inflicted so malignantly, and at sueli close quarters, that by far tho greater number who had received them gave up the ghost, and were shifted over to the port side of the ship amongst the dead, even before another day had dawne l, and by high noon, sewn up in sacks or sheets, one and all of these were com mitted to the deep; tlie prayers of tho Church beiug first read over tliem, tho latter solemnity in the instance of tlw slain mutineers, speaking mero for tho captain's Christian charity than for liis orthodoxy, since assuredly nine out of ten of them had not had a single moment, ero death claimed them, in which to repent of their terrible sins. Directly the sea had engulfed their remains, the decks were swabbed down, and as the captain had insisted that George Grant and his wife, together with Lucy "Webb, should take up their quarters in the saloon, the whole of tho second cabin was made a hospital of ; and as it was on deck, there could not have been a more airy or a healthier one. .Lucv "Webb would assuredly have been much more inconsolable in her grief for her dead husband had she bad her hands Ices full of work, so that her nursing actually came to her as a blessing in dis guise, and during the brief intervals in this moBt com mend able labour she joined Bessie Grant in her unceasing efforts to comfort Mrs. Meredith for tho loss of her little girl, concerning whoso terrible death and ocean burial the poor mother was for a long while utterly inconsolable. As for her husband's shattered knee cap, Grant did nil that could ho done for him, though he could not give kirn cveu a hope thathc would not be a cripplo for life. But our hero's popularity, so quickly, gallantly, and deservedly won — was soon frost-bitten, as it were, by the charges which Ben Bradshaw, directly ho was released from tho gng which pinned down his tongue (though not of the ropes that hound his limbs), instinctively launched at his head. Aware that his own doom would bo tho gibbet whether ho owned up to fresh crimes or no, ho, knowing that Jack "Webb had confessed to beiug tho sole perpetrator of the murder for which Grant had been transported to Tasmania, thus constituting tho latter a free man without so much as a stain upon his character, with fiendish malignity once more dragged him within the hangman's clutch by declaring himself to have been the deviser and leader ef the gold escort robbery, and swearing that Grant had taken an active part therein, and had certainly shot one trooper dead and seriously wounded another. Nor was the scurvy rascal oven content with spitting forth his toad-like venom at one of his own sex, for he next pro ceeded to accuse Bessy and Lucy of having "between them murdered their master, Captain "Wullnce Ashton, at Tort Arthur, daring them to deny the chargo on oath. Bessy, however, did deny it on oath ; declaring itto have been a case of justifi able homicide, and averring that under -dire provocation homicide wus not murder. To the female saloon passengers she explained how Captain Ashton had pro- woked and met a well deserved fate, and then she proceeded to express lior con viction that her husband had taken no part whatever in the Gold Escort robbery, and called apon him to indignantly dis avow it. For her sake ho made a faint attempt to do bo, but the perhaps life-saving lio would not rise to his lips, and ho "blurted out : ' Of mo he speako truly onough, but I was bound hard uud fast in his dcniou chains, so that I could not help but go wherever ho dragged me, or refuse to do whatever ho ordered. I believe that I did shoot a trooper, but noithcr I nor ho can bo quite sure of it, when so many fire arms were being discharged on both sides ot once. At all events I Btood up in tho open, and faced the mounted police fairly and, squarely. I did not firo on them from "behind tree trunks, as ho and others did.' ' Thoy'll hang you all tho samo for it, mate,' responded Bon Bradshaw, with a truly fiendish chuokle of satisfaction ; and then ho added, as ho looked rouad at Captain Martin : i You must supply mo with writing /.materials, and . I'll draw up d kind of «', affidavit, swear to it in duo form; and some of thies'e gentlemen shall witness it. Then, if anything should happen to mo on the) voyage, -Master Judas there, aye, and the two Madams also, will hang just as rarely.' j daren't refuse the fellow his rc- :.nuest,?, said Captain Murtin, turning to \--'Gxahfe-'v" " / t Do your duty, sir, nnd leave tho rest ' to Providehce or chance) was the sternly .spoken reply of our hero/ but there was a traoo of bitterness in his tono that ho could not altogether repress. So tho affidavit was drawn up, signed, sworn to, and witnessed, and then Bon Brudsliaw was rebound, le.l away, and im prisoned along with tho carpenter and twe or tlirco others of tho more desperate and bloody of the mutineers, down in the bottom of tho hold, where the rats stared at them with their sharp, bead like nnd glittering eyes, where thero was a malo dorous suiell of bilgo water, and also where tliey were closely surrounded by all that enormous treasure which they had risked so much and sinned so deeply to possess thcmsolves of. Surely never was retribution more moot than theirs. Chapter XLYII. — Lrev V>:im Huckives some IstroitTANT and Uxi:xt'Ecn:i> Infoiimatiox. But Ben Bradshaw was not much more miserable, confined with his fellow scoun drels in the depths of tbo Madagascar's hold, than were George Grant, Bessie Grant, and Lucy "Webb, by courtesy first cabin passengers, and nominally froo, yet all the time well awaro that directly they reached their dearly beloved native land, still many thousands of miles distunt, they would bo arrested and separated from each other, and sent back as fettered prisoners to the Antipodes ; Bessie and Lucy to stand their trial at Hobart Town for the murder of Captain "Wallace Ashton, nnd George his at Mel bourne fur having taken part in tho sold escort robbery, and in the deadly struggle shot a mounted trooper dead. Their chances were still, therefore, greatly in favour of their all three being hanged for deeds perpetrated by them of dire necessity, and when they wero any thing but free agents ; fur tho law, they wiro well aware, would pay no heed whatever to sueh excuses. Of course Boss'ckuew that Lacy would take the whole biamo ef CupLain Ashton' s assassination niton herself us in truth ami honour she was bound to do ; but even then, she, as a convict at the time, would have iiieuiml the punishment of death merely by cendouiug such assassination, and assisting its perpetrator and other convicts to escape from the penal settle ment; and, in view of the after U-rdhle misdeeds of the majority of them, the authorities wou'd assuredly hang his and lrcr companion together. Little wonder then was it that she, in common with lier husband, once more began to doubt the existence of a humane, protecting, nnd all- merciful Providence, and to believe rather in that fictitious yet seeming awful power which some call destiny anil others fate. Captain Martin, his officers, and the saloon passengers generally (though amongst tho latter there were some dis graceful exceptions) treated all three of them with the greatest kindness and con sideration, striving their very utmost to induce them to look more hopefully upon tho future, and declaring that they would make knowu fur and wide their noble and heroic conduct on board the Mada gascar, by which they, and tliey alone, hnd saved tho vessel, the treasure, and at least two score of precious lives, etcetera uud etcetera. George, Bessie, and Lucy wore well aware tlmt such testimony would ho of some benefit to them, though it would certainly fall short of saying u siuglo one from his or her impending doom. They were grateful for the kindly sym pathy that prompted such promises, how ever, and Lucy Webb wii3 presently destined to receive much moro solid com fort from a colonial merchant, who was going to Europe on business, us ho very frequently did, anil who, upon learning that her maiden name had beeu Lucy Sebright, asked her if she had not been convicted anil sent out to penal servitude on a chargo of robbing a lady in whoso employ oho wus at the time as a nursery governess, of jeweller' and lace, which had been even found in her box V to jus cwtjxukd to-jiobbow. 