THE mistake that is made by paving members of Parliament for tbeir services becomes apparent now and aaaiu. The payment system is responsible for the existence of the " professional politician," who not (infrequently makes politics a trade af^r be lias failed in every other calling. In America the political business lias been brought to a high state of perfection. The raie of pay is about tbo saiue as ours, l>ut the advantages of the position are greater. Til us, we hare heard of a hirq who was returned for a rural district. He had a "nominal" lodging over a barber's shop; that is to say his letters were addressed there. He also, for a trifling consideration, was allowed to store his shabby portmanteau, and wash himself aud change his linen upon, the same premises. He took his meals at a cheap eating house, and, instead of a bed, he slept upon his " railway pass," and slept very well too. In this way: When released from his public duties he •would saunter to the railway station, enter the sleeping-car of a train about to travel a certain distance, and sleep. He would then return in another train and have another sleep. Then the barber's shop and the eating house set him up for the day. We are not so bad as that in Victoria, but still, the monthly cheque for £25 is a bait attractive enough to induce many men to eschew hard work, and live upon the contributions of taxpayers, without contributing in return the value of a single farthing in legislative ability. Electors should look to tin's, and, when called upon to return members to the next Parliament, should look more to performances than to promises. Even amongst the men who belong to a higher grade in the profession of politics, and who are. dependent for subsistence upou the monthly stipend, a strict watch should be kept; for it is clear that self- interest, or an ambition that has nothing to do with patriotism, may sometimes lead them astray. How else are we to account for the line of action that Mr DEAKIN has pursued during the past week? Clearly, his votes and speeches were intended for effect outside, and not inside, the House. The subject under discussion was Federation, but the question too palpably present to the ex- Chief Secretary's mind was the probable state of parties at the polling-booth sometime next year. The. hon. gentleman is keeping bis weather eye open, and is calculating his chances of snatching a Premier's portfolio out of the general scramble for power, place, pay, and patronage. His late colleague has not the ghost of a chance, and knows it. The present head of the Government is doing nothing to justify his being sent back from the country at the head of a strong party. And there is the possibilities of the labor vote to be reckoned with. These factors have not escaped Mr DEAKIN'S attention. His late speech in the House is not to be taken too seriously. He was not talking to the hon. members, but to the people outside. • He wants votes, and to obtain them—and a following—he is willing to relegate Federation, and all the benefits it would confer to the nether regions, if necessary. ALFRED should be looked after. He is too flighty for a Premier. Spiritualism is more in his line. Wo have not gleaned any reliable information at to when it is intended to start repairing tile direot line, but several officers of the Railway Depart, ment visited tho spot yesterday. In tho Legislative Assembly oil Tuesday evening, in reply to Mr Armvtngc, Mr Shiels said that tho work of repairing the railway lino at Dog Trap Gully would be proceeded with at once. An embankment with culvert was to he built it the spot. An unfortunate man named Rigney, residing on tho Daylesford road was arrested on Wednesday atternrou by Senior-constable Boyce as a dangorona lunatic. Higncy has been ecoentrio for years past but was never considered dangerous until the past few weeks, when a complaint was lodged' with the police, which led to his arrest. Tbo polioo had great difficulty in securing the -unfortunate maw who became very, violent when their mission was made known, arid the straight jacket had to be called into -requisition. Ho was brought into: Bttllau, and Messrs Walsh and Blake, .J.s.P., on the evidence of Drs Marr and Day,- committed him to the Ararat Lunatic A.sylum, whither he was taken by Constable Casson yesterday. The Bacchus Marsh races yesterday were well' atteuded, and the meeting proved n great suocess. There were six events in all, for whichfsplendidentries were received. Tho bookmakers must havedone a fair day's business, as in nearly every instance outsiders got home. The following are tho results :—Kailway Handicay-BuM, 1; Barefoot, 2> Haste, 3. Bad start; the winner led all the way. 14 starters. Time, 1 min 4 sec. HordteKace— B.ouee-et:Noir, I; Erebus. 2; Master Jaok, 3.: Good sorted. nTi,ne;i3 rntaS Time, 56 sec. Winner was bought in. for £85, which goes to the club. Crpss Country Steeplechase—Torrent, 1: Juba, 2;-Stranger,. 3.' Ninestarted. Puzzle came down. Time, 6'tnio 5-aeo. Greystones Handicap—Hedfera I; Villiersi- 2; Clinker, 3. Time, 1 min 48 sec. A protest was entered against the winner for closing on Villiers, but was dismissed. Maddiugloy Open Selling Hack Hace—Lorua Doon (ail) 1; Vain Hope, 2; fioberto^ 3\. Two horses fell in the straight. Time, 48 sec. The winner was sold for £25, ^vhicb jroes to the club. Messrs M. R. Greene and B. B: Mogg. acted as judge and starter, respectively, and gave general satisfaction. Several residents of tbia district attended the races, and no douot a greater number would have gone from here had the meet' ing been advertised locally, as the weather being, fine the outing would have been a pleasant one. The Fifth Annual Report of the Ballanehire A. and P. Society ha* just been issued from this office, and consists of eight pages. It is intended this year to forward a cipy of the report to every person who has donated money, &c.;,'to the society (bazaar and Bruce auction included). There were 13 meetings of the committee last year and the following shows the attendance of each member— M. M. Mogg (president), 9; W. J- Andrew (vicepresident}. 6; M. Walsh (vice- president), ff; P. Oantwell (vice-president), 7; J. A. Atkinson, 6; E. Hake, 2; J. M'G. Barclay, 0; W. H. Bosanko, 10; T. Cantwell, 0; P. F. D'Arcv, 3: H. Donsley, R, Djuald, 3; J. Bgan, 1; L. A. Fairbairn, 8; J". Farrow, 0; D. 1C Fraser 8: J. Graham, 3; L.-Grant, 9; F. Harvey, 0; J. O. Inglis. 0; D S. Jamieson, S; T. MacGillivray, 0; R. F. Marshall, 0: B. B. Mogg, 5; J. Myers. 9; D. M'Donald, 2; J. Pearpoint, 5; J. H, Potter, 1; W. C. Pang. 6; J. Rattray, 4; A. W. Sa'ter, 1: J. Simpson, 0: M. Smith. 7; W. A. Smith, 2; .A; Wade. 0; Hon D. S. Wallace, 0; S. Warhurst, 9; W. E. White, 5; D. Wightman, 0; J. B, Wcotton, 3. At the Council meeting on Monday a petition was received from residents of Blackwood and Trentham asking the council to reconsider its decision relative to the ro.id through Chas. Dunn's land. There were 60 signatures to the petition, and according to Mr Mirotz only 25 of these names were on the rateDayers' roll, the other 35 belonged to adjoining shires. Mr Chas. Dunn, who appeared to oppose the application, was asked who drew up the petition, and caused much amusement bv bis answer—"a Wcslev.in parson." One councillor jocularly remarked that he (the preacher) seemed to have a good following. As will be seen from an advertisementin another column, the Rev. John \I'Neil, the celebrated mission preacher, is cnininc; to Ballan next month to conduct a series of meetings in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church. We understand that the annual social of the Presbyterian Church, in the form of a grand conversazione, will take place early next month. Alexander Watts, the young man who was sentenced to death for the attempted murder of Carl Stock at Ballarat, was officially notified on Wednesday that the sentence had been commuted. He appeared greatly relieved at the announcement,though BOirewhat staggered at the length of the term he would have to serve—20 years. Subsequently his chains were struck off. and he was removed from the condemned cell. In an interview afterwards with his wife and mother, he expressed his satisfaction at the result. He remarked that 20 years was a long time to serve, but he was a young man, and might have the term shortened by good behaviour. He would then, when he came out, have some years of life before him. The Ballan team of footballers journeyed to Egerton last Wednesday, and for tb& second time this season suffered defeat. Owing to ill health, Evans could not play, and altogether the Uallan boys had a weak team which accounts for the easy victory the EgerfconiaDs gained< the result being 8 goals to 1. The winning team were in splendid fettle, and their little marking and kicking stamp them as the best players in the district. Most of the Ballanites straggled hard to make the game a bit more even, but Schiller, after, playing a good game throughout made a brilliant run. by far the best of the day, from one end of the ground to the other, and was the means of Farrow kicking the only goal obtained by Ballan. The goal kickers for Egerton were Webster, 4; George, 2; and Culleeney 2. The first game that took place between these clubs was the tightest of the season, Egerton just winning at the c all of time. Blakeville and Blackwood played a return football match on Saturday last at Blackwood, which proved to be the most friendly and enjoyable game for the season, and the weather being fine a large crowd assembled to witness it. ; The home team being far superior than on the last occasion both teams expected to have a merry time, and from start to finish it was hard to say which would win. M'Inerney and Spearv were leading their respective teams. -At half-time-Blackwood had had the best of the game, owing to the splendid play of M'Guire, Jones, and the Robson brut hers. On plav being being resumed M'Inerney giir. into possession, aud by a good display of football kiciced first goal for Blakeville; and shortly after from a scrimmage kicked No 2 for his side. The now being even, was very exciting, bnt G. L ickhart settled it by kicking the third goal for the visitors. The final result was, Blakevilk- 3 2'^ls 8 behinds, Blackwood 2 goals . 12 behinds. Those who rendered gpo.d assistance for Bkkeville were J. M'Inerney, T. Lay, and Foss:' for the local team, Robson Bros, M 'Guire, and Jones. -Mr Emsley made a fast and efficient umpire, he being cheered by both sides for'his strict fmrt just decisions. The Blakeviile team are indebted to Mr aud Mrs J. Parke for the kind way in which they were entertained after the matchi; The annual horse parade of the.Bacchus Marsh. Ballan, and Peutland Kills A. and P. Society, will take place to-day at Mi'rniong, at 2 p.m., when Sir' W. J. Clarke's prize of £20 willlbe competed for. Spring and Summer Drapery.—We havp pleasure in announcing that Craig, Williamson, and Thomas, Melbourne, have just opened the balk of their shipments for the season, and are now showing a splendid assortment of the choicest novelties from the lea4iug London and Paris houses. The display of millinery, mantles, costumes, and dre&s; material has never been equalled in the colony, aud we have no hesitation in saying that the goods are 30 per cent lower than can be supplied by retail houses. In addition to the above'the firm has a very large stock of general drapery, boots and shoes, furniture, carpets, &c.;, which for style, value, and quality caunot be surpassed. Patterns are sent, post-free, to those who'cahnot'iVisit Melbourne, and all orders entrusted to their care are executed promptly, but mast be accompanied by a remittance for the amount. Tenders are required by .the Meredith Creamery and Butter Company for excavating tank at the Mt. Wallace-Beremboke branch. Particulars in our advertising columns. Tenders also invited for repairs to. Stitc- school 7S7, Landsberg Mains. ' • 