BREVITIES. The police at the Central Station have in their possession, since Saturday, a brown and white St. Bernard dog, for which they require an owner. At the Parramatta Police Court on Saturday, Mary Robins, charged with attempting suicide, was remanded. Richard Charles Brandeas, an aristocratic-looking man, was fined 5s or two hours for drunkenness. Brandeas stated he had been a qualified medical practitioner for a number of years, and had been drugged and robbed in Sydney. When summing up in a perjury case at Parra- matta Quarter Sessions on Saturday, his Honor Judge Gibson, in reply to what had fallen from the counsel for the defence, said that if perjury were not put down with a strong hand the whole of society would totter, and he was not certain it was not tottering now. He had known cases of perjury being committed to his own knowledge, but it was not the duty of a presiding judge to take action in the matter. If legislators were to give the matter full consideration, they might empower judges to sentence right off, and this would do more than anything to put a stop to perjury. Mr. W. Harding is announced to deliver an address at the Paddington Town Hall to-night, under the auspices of the local Single Tax League. A mass meeting to spread the principles of temperance was held in Arnott's paddock, New- castle, yesterday, when speeches were delivered by several temperance advocates, including Mr. J. L. Fegan, M.L.A. The boys of the training ship Vernon having been unable to accept the invitation of the Sells Brothers for to-day, will visit the great American show to-morrow afternoon. The city newsboys will attend the circus on the evening of the same day. The adjourned meeting of the N.S.W. Typo- graphical Association was held on Saturday night at the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. £20 was voted for the tailors' strike fund. Some business of no public importance was also dealt with. An old man named James Farley fell into the harbor at Port Adelaide on Sunday, and was drowned. Mr. T. Kennedy McDonald, member for Wel- lington in the New Zealand Parliament, has resigned his seat. Alderman David Owens has been elected Mayor of Carrington, vice Alderman D. Scott, M.L.A., resigned. It is probable that the prorogation of the South Australian Parliament will take place within three weeks. The Chief Justice of Victoria passed sentence on Saturday on George Giles and George Thomp- son, who had been found guilty of conspiring to secure the conviction of Edward Bell for burglary. His Honor sentenced Giles to two years' hard labor cumulative on his present sentence, and Thompson to four years' hard labor. The Mount Morgan Co. has declared a dividend of 6d per share for November. The death is announced of the Rev. Father Brennan, B.A., one of the members of the order of the Holy Ghost. At a special meeting of the municipal council of Kiama, held on Friday night to consider what steps should be taken in reference to the bridge over the tramway cutting at Pike's Hill, it was resolved : "That the Mayor and Aldermen Wells and Wood be empowered to make arrangements to purchase the right to remove the bridge at Terralong-street cutting, provided the amount does not exceed £200, and that the arbitration bond be cancelled." An officer from the Lands Department has been at Jamberoo collecting information for the report on the municipal council's application that the Government would purchase 10 acres of land for a public cemetery. At a representative meeting held at Tingha on Friday night, to protest against the bridge over the McIntyre River being erected at the end of Byron-street, it was resolved to communicate with the member for the district and several other members of the House, asking them to see that the money voted for the erection of the bridge over Tingha Crossing be spent there, and nowhere else. A communication was read at the last meeting of the Goulburn Borough Council from the gas company with reference to the purchase of the works by the council. It was decided to take a vote of the ratepayers on the question of the pur- chase at the elections in February, each rate- payer to have one vote. The rain-making experiments proposed to be carried out at Broken Hill on Saturday, did not take place, the principals holding off. It has been decided by the Roads and Bridges Department to form a new district in the Carcoar neighborhood, taking portions of the Orange, Cowra, and Bathurst districts. The difficulty between the woolbuyers and the Woolsellers' Association in Melbourne has been settled for the present on the basis of a mutual compromise. At a conference of representatives of both bodies held on Saturday, it was decided to adopt the somewhat modified version of the requests preferred by the woolbuyers, in order that the effects of the new regulations might be thoroughly tested before the question of their final adoption is definitely settled. A Narrandera telegram states that the bush fire on Gillenbah Station run on Saturday was still burning, the station hands being unable to extinguish it. The manager of the station esti- mates that over 3000 acres of grass have been destroyed. Shearing at Grong Grong Station was finished on Thursday. Twenty-nine Mount Morris shearers, who were summoned for breach of agreement, were each fined £3 and costs at the Charleville Police Court (Q.) on Saturday. The Customs receipts on Saturday amounted to £2412. Mr. James Martin, who is seeking re-election for Denison Ward, held a committee meeting at Keogh's Quarryman's Arms Hotel, Harris-street and Pyrmont Bridge-road, Pyrmont, on Saturday evening, Mr. McRitchie, sen., occupying the chair. There was a good attendance, and after some final arrangements had been made for the election to-morrow, the meeting adjourned. At an aggregate meeting of miners held at Lithgow on Friday night in connection with the recent strike at Hartley Vale, Mr. Cook, the Labor member, in the course of an address alluded to the need existing for courts of conciliation, so that industrial disturbances might be minimised or prevented. The Government had promised to introduce a measure of that character, and he felt sure that it would be a great boon to the working men, who were as heartily sick of these strikes as were the public. Haymaking is in full swing in the Cudal district. Pleuro has broken out among cattle, but other stock is healthy. Grass and water are plentiful. A brilliant meteor was seen at Dubbo on Friday night from east to west. The place was illu- minated with a bluish white light for over 10 seconds. Good progress is being made with the railway construction at Molong. It is reported that there is plenty of work there for good steady men. At a meeting of the strikers at Moonta on Sat- urday, the secretary stated that a draft for £130 was on the way from Victoria. It was resolved at a meeting held at Bega on Friday that, in view of the favorable report of the Government surveyor upon the connecting line from Monaro to Twofold Bay, the construction of the Bega- Eden railway should be proceeded with without delay. At the inquest on the body of a man named Lucas, who was found shot in a paddock at Tumberumba, the jury found a verdict that the deceased died from the effects of a gunshot wound, self-inflicted while in a state of unsound mind. Mr. McCreadie, the new manager of the Wil- cannia branch of the Commercial Bank, has arrived at Wilcannia. Mr. Foley, the late manager, was entertained on Friday night at the Mount Murchison Hotel by some of his friends at a farewell supper. The ship Moulton left Melbourne for Newcastle to-day. The Gulf of Martaban was among the arrivals at Melbourne on Sunday from Sydney. 