TALE. Jean Vidal. At the time when I was clerk in the office of the Minister of War, I had for a colleague and fellow-clerk one Jean Vidal, an old non- commissioned officer who had lost a left arm in the Italian campaign, but who still had his right hand, with which he accomplished marvellous feats with the pen, in round hand, running hand and Gothic hand, and executed with a single stroke of his pen a small bird in the flourish to his signature. Vidal was a worthy man, a typical old soldier, upright and pure. Although he was barely forty years old, and but few gray hairs appeared in his pointed Zouave's beard, yet we already called him at the office, Père Vidal, but with less familiarity than respect, for we knew his life of honour and devotion in his small cheap lodging in the farthest part of Grenelle, where his sister lived with him, a widow, with long string of children, and where he supported this little world upon his slender income, that is to say, the pay- ment for his cross, his pension, and his clerkship ; 3,000f for five persons. Never mind ; his frock coats, with the empty left sleeve looped up on the third button, were always brushed as for a review by the In- spector-General, and the red ribbon of his decoration, always fresh, was so serious a thing to the good man, that he took it from his buttonhole whenever he carried a package through the streets, sometimes a pair of boots from Latour's, or a pair of trousers, bought in the morning at the Belle-Jard- niére. As I used to live then in the environs of South Paris, I frequently shaped my home- word way so that I could go with Pére Vidal, and I fronted myself by getting him to recount his campaigns, as we walked by the vicinity of the Ecole-Militaire, where at that time could be seen (it was during the last year of the Empire) the showy uni- forms of the Imperial Guard, fugle men in green, lancers in white, and the sombre and magnificent officers of the artillery in black and gold, a costume in which it is quite worth while to go and be killed. Sometimes in the hot summer evenings I offered a glass of absinthe to my companion, a luxury which poor Vidal economically denied himself, and we would stop for a half-hour before an officers' cafe in the Avenue de la Mothe- Piquet. On such days the old ' sub,' who had become the most steady of family men, and had quite lost his habit of gossiping, would rise from the table with an heroic giddiness in his head, and I was sure of hear- ing for the rest of the way some good war story. One evening—I believe, God forgive me, that Père Vidal had teken two glasses of absinthe—in making our way through the miserable Boulevard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the place of a dealer in second-hand military clothes. There are a good many of them in that quarter. It was " dingy, dirty shop, displaying in the win- dow some rusty pistols, wooden bowls full of buttons, gilded epaulettes, and in front were hung, among some miserable rags, several old coats officers, ruined and tattered by the sun and rain, but which, still preserving the impress of the shape and the breadth of the shoulders, had something vaguely human in their appearance. Vidal, grasping my arm with his only hand, and looking at me with a gaze that was not without suggestion of absinthe, lifted the stump of an arm to point out one of the coats, the tunic of an African officer, with its skirt in a hundred plaits and a triple braid of gold twisting into an eight on the shoulder. ' Look at that,' he said ; ' that's the uni- form of my old corps, a Captain's tunic.' Then, coming nearer to examine the tat- ters more closely he read the number en- graved on the buttons, and called out ex- citedly : ' It is my regiment. It is the First Zouaves !' But suddenly Père Vidal's hand, which had already laid hold upon the old tunic, re- mained fixed, his face darkened, his lips trembled, and, lowering his eyes, he mur- mured in a frightened way ; ' My God ! If it should be his !' Then, with a sudden gesture, he turned the tunic round, and I could see in the mid- dle of the back a little round hole, the hole of a bullet, encircled with a black stain which was undoubtedly old blood ; and that tell-tale hole was as shocking, as pitiful, as a wound. ' Oh ! oh !' I said to Père Vidal, who had suddenly dropped the coat, and was on his way again, quickly with bowed head, ' there was a sad scar !' And, antici- pating a story, I added, to excite my com- panion into telling it, ' The captains of the Zouaves were not usually shot in the back.' But he did not appear to hear me, and he muttered some words, biting his moustache, ' How came it to be stranded here ? It's a long way from the battle-field of Melegnano to the Boulevard de Grenelle. Oh, I see it ; the crows that follow the army ; the robbers of the dead. But why just here, two stops from the Ecole Militaire where his regiment is stationed with the other ? and he should have passed by here, he should have recog- nised that ! Oh, it is like a ghost.' ' Look. here, Père Vidal,' I said, begin- ning to be a good deal interested and taking him by the arm, ' you are not going to con- tinue to talk in enigmas, and you are going to tell me what memories have been awakened by that pierced tunic.' I certainly believe that without the two glasses of absinthe I should have learned no- thing, for at the demand Père Vidal looked at me distrustfully, almost anxiously ; but suddenly, as if making a great resolve, he said shortly: ' Well, yes, I will tell it to you. Inas- much as you are a well-informed and honest young man, I have confidence in you, and when I have finished you shall tell —frankly —your hand on your heart—if you think it strange in me to be moved as I have been moved. Let us see. Where shall we begin ? First, I cannot tell you his name, the other, since he is living, but I shall call him by the nick-name which we gave him in the regi- ment, Thirsty—yes, we used to call him Thirsty, and he well answered the name, being one of those who don't stir from the canteen, and who toss off twelve small glasses at the twelve strokes of noon. He was sergeant of a company when I was quartermaster, and he marched by my side as file-closer. A good soldier, a very good soldier, a drunkard, roisterer, fond of rows, with all the bad habits of Africa ; but brave as a bayonet, with cold steel-blue eyes, brown face and red beard. Not an easy man to get on with. When I reached the depot of the war battalion Thirsty had just com- pleted his service. He re-enlisted, took his bounty, and went on a three days' spree, during which he rolled through the low quarters of Algiers, with four or five other rakes like himself, piled up in a cateche, and carrying a tricolored flag with these words : ' This will not last always.' They brought him back to the barracks, his skull cracked by a saber's stroke. He had been in a row with some loafers at the house of a Moorish woman, who had received during the squabble a kick, which proved fatal. Thirsty re- covered. He was put in the stocks for fifteen days and stripped of his sergeant's stripes. It was the second time he had lost them. If it had not been for his bad conduct, Thirsty, who was of good family and fairly educated, would have been an officer long ago. Now, after the affair of the Moor, his stripes were taken off ; but six months later, as I passed the quartermaster sergeant's, I saw that he had them on again, thanks to the indulgence of his captain, an old African campaigner, who had seen his bravery in Kabylie. ' Before long the old campaigner was pro- moted to be chief of the battalion, and they sent us a new captain, a young Corsican named Gentile, of twenty- five, just from the military school, cold, ambitous, full of spirit they said, but very exacting, hard on his men, giving you six days in the guard-house for a spot of rust on your gun or a button missing from your gaiters ; moreover, having not yet served Algiers and admitting no sort of laxity or frolicking. Captain Gentile took a dislike to Thirsty at 0nce, and the dislike was reciprocated. Indeed, it could not be other- wise. The first time that the Sergeant did not respond to the evening call, eight days in the stocks ; the first time he got drunk, fifteen days. While the Captain, a small brown man, stiff as wire, and with the brist- ling mustaches of a frightened cat, would throw his punishment in his face, saying, in a hard voice : ' I know who you are, and I'll humble you, my boy !' Thirsty did not say anything, and walked quietly to the side of the guard-house, but the Captain would have spoken more mildly, perhaps, if he had seen the angry flush which mounted to the Sergeant's cheek when he had turned his head, and the gleam of rage which shot from his terrible cold blue eyes. ' The Emperor declared war upon Austria, and we embarked for Italy. But we are not concerned with the story of that campaign. I will go on with ours. During the prepara- tions for the battle of Melegnano, when I lost my arm, you know, our battalion camped in the middle of a small village, and having broken ranks, our Captain made a brief address—a proper thing for the Captain to do —to remind us that we were in a friendly country, and that our honor demanded good behavior from us, adding that any annoyance to any of the inhabitants would be punished severely. While he was speaking, Thirsty, who was standing unsteadily by my side, leaning on his gun (he had half emptied since morning the keg of the cantimere), shrugged his shoulders lightly, but, happily, the Cap- tain did not see it. ' In the middle of the night I started out of my sleep. I jumped off from the bundle of straw on which I was sleeping in a farm- yard, and I saw, in the moonlight, a group of soldiers and peasants who were tearing from the arms of Thirsty, furious as a wild beast, a pretty girl, who was invoking to her aid the Virgin and all the saints in Paradise. I ran to hold him, but Captain Gentile reached him before me. By one glance of his eye (the little Corsican had the look of a master) he stilled the Sergeant ; then, having calmed the Lombard by some words that he said to her in Italian, he turned and stood before the culprit and said, shaking his trembling hand in his face : ' They ought to blow out the brains of such wretches as you. In the meantime I will see the Colonel and you shall lose your stripes again, and for good this time. We shall fight to-morrow ; see that you get your- self killed.' ' We turned in again, but the Captain was right, and at break of day were roused by the firing of cannon. We flew to arms, formed in line, and Thirsty (his cold blue eyes had never looked more cruel) stood by my side. The battalion began its march. It was to dislodge the whitecoats who had forti- fied themselves, with several pieces of artillery in the village of Melegnano. Forward march ! We had scarcely gone a couple of kilometres when, whizz ! the grapeshot of the Austrians struck us in the flank, and some forty of our company went down. Then our officers, who were awaiting the order to charge, made us lie down in the corn- fields as sharpshooters. But the officers naturally remain standing, and I tell you our Captain was by no means the least erect of the lot. We, on our knees in the cornfield cotninued to fire on the battery which was within range. Suddenly someone touched my elbow, and turning, I saw Thirsty looking at me, his lips curved in a wicked smile as he loaded his rifle. ' You see the Captain,' he said to me, nodding toward him with his head. ' Yes: well ?' I replied, looking at the officer, who was about twenty paces from us. ' Well, he shouldn't have spoke to me as he did last night.' ' Then, with a quick and rapid gesture, in two movements he brought his piece to his shoulder, fired—and I saw the Captain sud- denly twist, throw back his head, beat the air for a second with his two hands, drop his sword, and fall heavily on his back.' ' Assassin !' I cried, seizing the Sergeant's arm. But he threw me three paces from him by a blow on my chest. ' Fool, prove that I killed him.' ' I rose in a fury, but the rest of the com- pany rose too. Our Colonel was there, bare- headed and on a smoking horse, pointing with his saber to the Austrian battery, and shouting at the top of his lungs : ' Forward, Zouaves, with the bayonet !' ' What could I do but charge with the others ? It has become famous, that charge of the Zouaves at Melegnano. Have you ever seen the angry sea beat upon a rock ? Yes ? Well, it was like that. Each com- pany swarmed up like the surges on the rock. Three times the battery was covered with blue-coats and red trousers, and three times we saw the earthwork reappear with its rows of cannon undisturbed, like the rock after the receding wave. ' But the Fourth Company—ours—must carry the place. In twenty-bounds I reached the redoubt. By the aid of my gun I mounted the slope. Yut I had only time to see a pair of blonde mustaches, a blue cap and the carbineer's gun, which almost touched me. Then I felt such a shock in my shoulder that I believed that my arm had been blown off. I dropped my gun, everything whirled around me ! I fell on my side near the wheel of a powder waggon and lost consciousness. ' When I opened my eyes, I heard only the sound of distant firing. The Zouaves were there, formed in a disordered semi-circle. They cried Vive L'Empereur,' and bran= dished their guns at arm's length in the air. ' An old general, followed by his staff, came up at a gallop. He reined up his horse, and waving his gilded chapeau in the air, he cried : ' Bravo, Zouaves. You are the first soldiers of the world,' ' I was sitting by my wheel, piteously holding with my right hand my poor broken paw, and I recalled the frightful crime of Thirsty—killing his officer from behind on the field of battle. ' Suddenly he came from among the ranks and advanced toward the General—yes, he himself, Thirsty, the assassin of the Captain. In the fight he had lost his cap, and his shaved head appeared traversed by a saber- stroke from which a stream of blood ran down his forehead and on his cheek. Lean- ing with one hand on his gun, he presented an Austrian flag, tattered and with great red stains on it—a flag which he had taken. The General seemed to regard him with ad- miration, and find him superb. ' Say, Bricourt,' said he, turning to one of his artillery officers, ' Look at that. What men !' Then Thirsty said in his hoarse voice, ' That's true, my General, but you know the First Zouaves. There are enough of them for more than one time.' ' I could embrace you for that phrase,' cried the General. ' You shall have the cross, you know.' ' And, repeating always, ' What men, what men !' he said to his aide-de-camp a phrase which I could not understand myself —I am too ignorant, you know, but I re- member it all the same—' Isn't it, Bricourt ?' It's like Plutarch.' ' But at that moment my arm pained me again, and fainting, I saw and heard nothing more. ' You know the rest. I have often told you how they hacked off my arm, and how I was carried fur two months in ambulances, delirious with fever. In my sleepless hours I asked myself what I should do in regard to Thirsty. Denounce him ? Certainty that was my duty, but how ? What proofs had I ? Then I would say to myself, he is a scoundrel, but a hero. He killed Captain Gentile, but he captured an Austrian flag. And I could not decide. At last, when I was convalescent, I learned that, as a re- ward for his brave action, Thirsty had been transferred with his grade to the Zouaves of the Guard and had received a decoration. Ah, at first that disgusted me with my own cross, which our Colonel had just attached to my cloak at the hospital. However, Thirsty merited his as well, after all, but his Legion of Honor should have served as a target for the firing squad of soldiers. Well, that was a long time ago. I have never seen the Sergeant again, who is still in the service, and I am in civil life. But just now, seeing that tunic with its button-hole—God knows how it came there, hanging at that old clothes-dealer's, two steps from the barracks where the assassin is—I thought of his un- punished crime, and it seemed to me that the Captain cried for justice.' I did my best to calm Père Vidal, who had been much excited by his story. I assured him that he had done everything for the best, and the heroism of the Sergeant ball- anced his crime. But some days later, on arriving at the office, I found Père Vidal, who handed me a journal so folded that but one column was visible, and who said gravely : ' What did I tell you ?' I took the journal and read as follows : ' Another victim of Intemperance—Yester- day afternoon on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a Sergeant of the Imperial Zouaves by the name of Mallet, who bore among his com- rades the sobriquet ' Thirsty,' and who had been drinking heavily with some companions in the neighbouring drinking-places, was seized with a sudden alcoholic delirium while looking at some old uniform hanging in front of an old-clothes merchant. ' Becoming suddenly furious, the sergeant drew his saber-bayonet and run down the street, to the great teror of the passers-by. It was only by the greatest efforts that two soldiers who accompanied him were able to overcome the madman, who in his rage shrieked unceasingly, ' I am not an assassin ! I took an Austrian flag at Melegnano ?' ' We are told in fact, that Mallet had been decorated for that feat of arms, and that it was only his inveterate drunkenness which prevented him from becoming an officer. ' Mallet has been taken to the Military Hospital of Gros-Caillon, from whence he will presently be transferred to Charenton, for it is doubtful if the unfortunate man ever recovers his reason.' As I returned the journal to Père Vidal, he looked at me gravely, and said : ' Captain Gentile was a Corsican. He is avenged.' -S. F. Bulletin. 