SQ'OIikEr, (For cunlinualion of Social, see jiages 14 and JO. His EXCELLENCY the Governor hunted with the Uallarat Hounds on Saturday, and returned to town that evening. LADY HOPETOUN attended Miss Hamilton's ;ii-t needlework exhibition on 21th Juno, aud, with His Excellency and Lady Charles Scott, was present at the Masonic Ball in the eveuing. His EXCELLENCY and Lady Hopetoun left for Bendigo on Tuesday, where they attended the Mayor's Dall, and returned to town the following day, after witnessing some of tho races of tho Boudigo Jockey Club. LADY HOPETOUN, accompanied by Lord and Miss North, Lord Itossiuorc, Captain Hood, Captain Wellington, Messrs. Ralston and L>o Moleyns, visited the Canlfield Baces on Saturday afternoon, and the Princess' Theatre 111 the evening. His EXCELLENCY tho Governor,accompanied by Captain Willoughby, went to Uallarat to preside at the annual mooting of the Young Men's Debating Society 011 Thursday, and attended the ball given by the Mayor of Ballarat East oil the following day. His EXCELLENCY the Governor and Lady Hopetoun attended the niimuvl mooting of the Queen's Fond on Tuesday, 2,'ird June. I11 (he evening His Hxcellency and Lady Hopetoun, accompanied by Lord and Miss North, Lord and Lady Charles Scott, Lord fiossnjora, Lieut,. Fitzgerald, Captain and MTB. ,Hoqd, Captain Wallington, Captain Willoughby, M>. Ealefcon and Mr. de Moloyns, attended. Sir James MacBaiu's concert in honour of Lady Hopetun's return. SIR WILLIAM and Lady Clarke and family will leave for Europe on Ofch November. They will thus be in Melbourne for the Cup Carnival, in which their annual ball is always a brilliant tiefcail. SIR WILLIAM and Lady Clarice gjve a dinner party at " Cliveden " on ThursftiLj? eveliing as a farewell to His Excellency the Hear-Admiral and Lord Charles Scott and Mrs. lloberfc .Power, who was a passenger to England by the outgoitig mail. The diuner went off excellently, all the guests being delighted with the festivity. Beside the principal guests already mentioned, there were Lord North, Lord Kossuiore, the Hon. Marie North, Mr. aud Mrs. Mallesou, M."r, aud Mrs. Herbert Power, Dr. aild .Mrs. C. S. feyatl, Captain Hay, Captain Willoughby, M.r< Roy Ghjeuc, Mr. Hare, Misses Brush, Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton, Miss Nellie Clarke, Mr. Robert Power, Mrs. Edward Miller aud Miss Snodgrass. Miss NELLIE CLARKE has arrived from Tftsuiaim on a visit to Sir William and Lady Clarke at " Cliveden." SIR WILLIAM and Lady Clarke left town on Friday morning for Ballarat) where they attended the Mayoral ball in the evening and joined the hunt tho following day. ISOCI A L—(Continued.) f AITAIX and Mrs. A eland Hood, the Hon. J. G. and Mr<. 1 LUD'V,, rmnmander and Mrs. Collins Misses Fiskcu, l)r. and Mrs. J. P. liyan, Mr.J.M. Kidston, Mr. and Mrs. Haytor, Consul and Mrs. Ulm. Miss Xellie'Veil- cli, Miss "Ward-Cole, Miss A. Moore, Mrs. W. Smith, Mrs. Grimwade, the Hon. Uuiican Gillies, Madame Mouchette, Mdlle. Lion, 11 rs. AII)ert. Miller, Mrs. Henry Giles Turner, Mrs. Emery Gould, Mr. T. W. Thomson, Mrs. Dillon, Hiss <.'. H. Thomson, Mr. and Mrs. Jnmes Thomson. Mdlle. Seylor, Mr. and Mrs. .Tohn Kiddle, Mrs. Godfrey, Mrs. Balls-Headley. Mrs. IV. Leonard, Mrs. E. A. Wynne, Mr. .md Mrs. Charles 1'lesch, M. and Madame de Vicrj, Mr. and Mrs. \V. .1. Bayles, Mr. and Mrs. Ooldhaui, Miss Jennie Lee, Miss Ada L.-e, Master Jack Burnett, Mr. and Mrs. Tennyson Cole, Madame Dreyfus, Mdlles. Dreyfus Mrs. 0. S. Pearson. Miss Neild, hiL'nort.atani, Mrs. John Matson, Mrs. Fred Bird, Mrs. Kiggall, Miss Riggall and Mr. and Mrs. A Inglis, Mrs. and Miss Price, Mr. and Mrs. Fitzgerald. the Misses Robertson, Mr. Lorimer, Mrs. and Miss Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Browne, Mrs. arid Miss Croaker were among tho audience at the Princess' Theatre when the French colony in Melbourne and general art lovers made a special demonstration in honour of Madame Sarah Bernhardt. Through- , , , . , ,, out the house the tricolour was generally worn,and before therisingof the curtain the orchestra played " The Marseillaise," the whole audience standing till the conclusion of the spirited strains. When Madame Beruhardtappearedshe received ft magnificent welcome, and at the close of the first second and third acts she was warmly recalled Wlieu the curtain fell on the fourth act the scene is one of indescribable enthusiasm. The luidience stood CU HI issc and roared approval at her, the cui Lain having to be raised time after time. Again the orchestra played •' The Marseillaise," and amid deafening cheers the great actress was further recalled. At this time she was standing amid a psrfect avalanche of flowers such as a Melbourne stage lias never before borne. On every side were trophies, baskets and bouquets of varying size and beauty, and among them stood tlie .jueen of tragedy, a world of pride, gratitude ami satisfaction beaming on her wonderful face. She sent for all tho members of her company to share in the triumph, and liand in hand they stood while this time the orchestral rendering of the French national air had an accompaniment, from II thousand voices amongthe enthusiastic audience. Tills thoroughly aroused Madame's patriotism, and her expression was one of entranced delight, while she could not refrain from applauding the air tii.tt she loves so well. Tlie ovation was repeated at the termination of the piece, the audience after many recalls refusing to leave the theatre until there was more music, to which there was a running accompaniment of hearty cheers. The most noticeable presentations were a huge basket of flowers on a. tripod stand from the French Chili; a magnificent basket of flowers from Lady Clarke, President de L'Alliance Francaise. and from tlie Austral Salon a colossal star in blue and gold flowers, the centre having a raised crimson satin cushion iiiKcihediu French, " To Genius, toArt, to Sarah Bernhardt.'' Above this was thebadgeof the society, all being beautifully painted by Miss Walter. Madame Bernhardt was so pleased with thisoll'e ring that she announced her intention of having it forwarded to her son, Monsieur Maurice Bernhardt. Madame Monchette, Mrs. W. Smith and Mrs. Webb sent tho initials of Madauie Bernhardt on a huge stand, Mdlles. Dreyfus presented a most beautiful bouijuet of violets, Mrs, Hector Wilson gave an exquisite bouquet of roses, and, indeed, from all ijuarters of the house came floral tributes ot rare beauty, which, since most of tlie donors were personally unknown to the recipient, must be taken as a compliment which floral offerings rarely convey. " A NIOHT with Adam Lindsay Gordon " is the title of an excellent, entertainment that we are to shortly have in our midst, Mr. Hill Lewis hem" tlie elocutionary star. The provincial and suburban Press speak in the highest terms of I. 1 '; ^T'V'r 0 ™- ^i' 0 ?» tc , rtain >nent: comprises all the best things of the late lamented Australian unique entertainment, at. the piv.sent moment, should be well worth witnessing, and Mr. Lewis, when lie opens (probably in the Melbourne Atliemeum), may confidently look forward to large and fashionable attendances. A ijKNEiiAL niwting of the members of the JleliKiuriic Shakespeare Society will bo held in tlie Assembly Hall, Collins- street, Melbourne on Friday, :(rd July, at eight o'clock, when the billowing papers will he read and discussed Scott's " Kenilwort.h" through Shakesneare Sl'ectacles Mr. C. H. Long, M.A° " Shakespeare's Hinl World, Mr. F. S. Williamson-, recitation (Kichard 111.) "Clarence's Dream," Mr. Isidore Ko?.minsky ; " The Ghost in Hamlet," Mr. P. D. Phillips. In answer to many requests the committee has decided to arrange for a reading of -Much Ado about" Nothing" for the August meeting. Names'of members willing to take part therein must be given in to the secretary as soon ai- possible. THK Dagonet Club will JNI,,. .m dramatic pei-furmaiice in the Kichniond Town Hall Monday evening. „!„.„ :ln (,ri,rjnii] iii.'diett;,. by Mr. Joe Smith, entitled'" A Tangled Skein," will l* performed!^'iw the cuinedy " \ ice Versa." UNDKR the auspices „f H„. Melbourne I. Diversity L-iiion the second lecture of the winter series, entitled " The Artist," was delivered in the W ilfun Hall last evening by Pr.>ferfsur Ma)shall MR. and Mrs. Jessuu, of MAlvern, uave a farewell dinuer party on Tuesday last to Dr. and Mrs. Anstey Giles, whose marriage took place on the following afternoon. The tables were bountifully decorated, a prominent device being a moss hank, with the initials of briiie and bridegroom and " Au revoir " designed amid lovely flowers. THE Metropolitan Detachment. Senior Cadets held a very enjoyable social last Friday week. Those present were the officer in command, Lieut. T. Gilpin, Lieuts. Fuller, Gledliill, A. Gilpin. Sergt-.-Major Eekenstein, and about :!0 mnnihcrs of the corps; Sjerst.-Mn.jor Eckenstein in tins chair; Private Zelman as pianist. Votes of thanks were passed to the committee, Sergt-.- Major Eekenstein, Sergt. Connibere, Corporals Burton, Newell, Brockoff and Shepherd, as the success of the evening was due in a great measure to their exertions, and to Private Zelman for his services as pianist. The proceedings closed with the National Anthem. . , .. t, , . A GRAND dramatic ajld mu=ieal performance m aid of the widows aVid families of those who perished in the Turamvng disaster will be held in tho Town Hall, St. Kilda, on Wednesday, Sth July. The Ivanoff Amateur Comedy Club will perform "His Oivn Enemy" and " Winning hazard," under the npagement nf Mr. Millard Johnson 1SOI1. The I MP HrigllV)!) Hvi Choral ciifwul Society, under u n J I.,- Mr. A. 11. Gee's direction, wiU contribute, and a i 3 i i t ii musical programme, arranged by Mr. 1 red Jolley, will be given by Miss Ada Crossley, Miss Annie Bamsay Mr. A. 11 Gee. Mr. Dowdell Mr. Arthur Gould, l . ' J Mr. Hal r ! ' fT'. irancis , and , , Mr. ... Glennon. , In a d f ", t '? n the V' 11 ™ 1^' Stud<nlts I'endersome ° f thelr l ,opuIaV choruses - A GRAND sacred concert and organ recital to celebrate the opening of the new organ will be held in the Dorcas-street Presbyterian Church, South Melbourne, on Thursday, !)th July. Miss Amelia Banks will sing two songs, and Mr. Fentuni and others will assist. THF. Mayor of Ballaraf East and Mrs. Gale piesided over the annual Mayoral hall on Friday cvonins, held in the Alfred Hall, in the presence of Ills lixcellency the Governor. The decorations, « f >»all were of a specially effective nature, and tlie scene was a. :very brilliant one. Soon o n l.V toasts being" The Queen," " The Governor - and " The Mayor." Tiie jirau/cra dansc was com- I»"sed as follows :—Lord Hopetoun and Mrs. Gale, Mavor Gale und Mrs. V. H. Thompson, Sir William Clarke and Miss Ada Shonnee, Colonel i! •(., , , , ,,, , ,, Shoppee, Colonel y Mr I P ^ f M- r* aUd Wi)1 f tts ' Mr. John ltobson and Miss Lowe. Among those «ho accepted mvitat.ons were Captain and Mrs. and Mr0 lord, Miss Ford, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. I 11 ltzgeraJd, " A Colonel vr and Mrs. 'Jrumiem, Grenfield, nie the Hon. lion, T^t cf' ^ J- O- rnrf"". ;^utrnt and Mrs Stanley l.ow. Dr. I,. E. Morrison, the Hon. and Mrs. J. P. M'Pherson, the Hon. and Mrs. A K Ou m Dr' Hcui.^nd Mrs GK Toung aa ^ ^ ^ ^ ST. JOSEPH'S branch of the H.A.C.B.S. will hold the anniversary ' ball •• in • St. - Joseph's - .School -•'••" Hall, Port Mellxiurno, on 10th July. THE Mayoress ot Port Melbourne will hold a reception on Tuesday next. THE signalmen of the Victorian Railways gave a j " ^ AthenaJ U ' n 0U W^esday, 24th MU. JACOB MAIIKI swill give a Masonic eveii'iinmasons' Hall on ])art.y in the Freemasons evening next, Wednesday THE next dance of the Collingwoud l'rivate Assembly takes place in the local Town Hall next Thursday, nth July. Mil. and Mrs. Dorgan.of 'Evergrejn," Barkly-st. Carftin, invited a number of young people to i juvenile fanny dress ball at their residence on Thursday evening of last week, the outcome ot which was the formation of the Carlton Juvenile Operatic and Dramatic Club. The young folks went through the various dances with spirit, and thoroughly enjoyed themselves. During tho evening songs wore contributed by the Misses Winnie Bagnell. Blanche Mercer, E. Mitchell, E. Jeukinson, D. Frick, Anna Fleming, E. Dietrich and Masters J. Bagnell, T. Uorgan, J. Knox:, Geo. Leopold. The following is a list of some of the characters assumed:— Miss M. D ir^in Shepherdess. Miss B. Djrcan— P'owerGirl Miss Cecilia BiRnell—Queen of tba Stars. -Fol.jWi'jlk^e^D.ugbter^ t^e Jiaeimetu. Miss H. Fleming-Winter. Miss B.Mercer -ujaaghrauu. Miss A. Kenny—Cjlleen Bawn. Miss L. Hickey—Fire. Miss D. Crick—White . Oat. Miss )S. Mitchell — French Peasant Girl. Miss D. Cirey Cinderella. Miss B. Harnett—Nancy Lee. MisB A, Roberts—lied Itidinghood. Miss A. Fayno—Peasant. Miss M. Cautwell—Swiss Peasant Girl. Misa A. M:Qaade —Tambourine Girl. Miss M. Hamilton-South Melbourne nounie Football rootoaii Club. uiun. Miss JUISS W. w. Hamilton—Span —Spanish Dancing Girl. MiBB E. Dietrich-Starlight. Master W. Uennison -Count de Manprat Mister J. Bagnell- Night NlGht and and Day. nav. Master U. II.. Williams-Courtier Willlnmc— CnnrHop Beign ^ J S J ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ J ^ l Z i iuaa^i «i. iinruoi/L—ihlu uemury, aster J. JVQOX—Jaok Tar. Master J. Lowe-General Gordon. Master G Leopold—^Toreador. Master T. Dorean-Earl Tolloller. ^ ^ J l ^ ^ ^ J ^ f - S S ^ Z Williams-Cricketer. THE twenty-first . ..w^,, anniversary .I.iuivi.ioaij of the til^ Richmond -lliieUIIlUMU branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society was celebrated on Tuesday eveninir 23rd ittrc June,at tlie local Town Hall,in thep; thepresenceof a lu arge company. Among the prominent gentlemen present were|Mr. Bennett, M.L.A.,Mr. Nolan, secretary of the Melbourne society, and many other well-kilown members. Dancing was corn- menced at eight o'clock sharp. Among tlie toasts which were honoured was that of "The Kindred Societies," which was received with .'reafc heartiness. In proposing the toast of "The Society " Mr. Nolan spoke on the inauguration of the - Hibernian Society whi " " ' Tin? Mayor of Collingwood and Mrs. William ltt gi™ a ball in the Collingwood Town Hall this evening, • THE president of the Prahran Club, Dr. Leger ireo n ' ' ni 'ited a large party to a soiree .lo^.tc H mmicale in the club rooms on Wednesday, 2tth June. The eh,brooms are situated in Cbapclfurniture-alone costing jeiOUO. Ur. Le-er Erson was was the the iounder founder of of the club, which has been 1 « xist^nce *** thau one year, and now numbers nearly 20U members, including aU the best busin.ess and most of the professional men of the city T),„,.„ i d j.-i , • , "" & Amanaa I Z ~ Uoi coran, Huckell and Gladys Ure, JJ | ' S - O'Hara, Magilliouddy and Leger Erson,' Messrs. Baumon, Bruce, Dunlop Snazelle and Watkins (comique),. Messieurs ' ( ^ S ) "nil. Langdale, Barker (A.Ii.A.M.) Lawson, Uruest King, James Ure, Perkius, La Feuillade and Fred Ireland Dr. Erson sang famously that hue old song entitled "The Pilgrim of Love" When tlie first half of the programme had been :one through, \- - an adjournment . -J was — made to 1,10 supper-room, which was tastefully arranged, tUo 4111)105 appearance. Panting When justice a very had pretty baen and done artistic to the good things provided Mr. Bradshaw, in a complimentary speech, presented Dr. Le.ger Erson, on behalf of the members, with a handsome gold pendant-, with his monogram in open work in l.lie centre. Dr. Erson lvpli,,,! and dancing and singhe,- wore some very handsome™: thing passed off most en i- ! being a most attentive a,1(; ..„„ ( —6n t s most noticeable of Druttv r W 1 "Ji oe» ivuru Mrs. Dowsett—gown of croau/sa'in •, ostrich feathers. Mrs. Ure-M,,-i- ./''"Wwito lace, with a dash of crims0„, ' *°<l Cl2 oM gold and black striped na tip '.I'""-®® wrap. Miss Colboun—Biiapie roil Dunlop-dress o( mlmou pink mid«(iL^n* r »«llt ornaments. Miss SheporJsou~"own 15 Bid girdle. - satin draping* or" Toaca'^i.' MrY^*?^" mont—trained robe of black vei-.t shrimp pink satin, beribaofnet Mi^ coran- robe of cream surah strin™ «i Ani8 »l' 8nm Miss Tessa Herberte-preft.' com „?' trimmed with silver net and crimen J . ^ collar. Miss Beamish-shell ^ M l handsome gown of black velvet chifr 81B ' bodice. Miss Huckell-Greek gown of M**' augel sleeves. Miss Tait-eaectiveGrIvi 1,eMi Mrs. J. Sbeville-wbite silk roees on skirt and bodice Mi?* with , drawings of net. Mrs U^-St 1 " 08 , Chan tilly lace. Mrs. Pearl-cream br^Jj?.5 th - —pale pink, trimmed with watered 3 V s ' 1 ' pink silk and white lace. " Ilk Ul « A rt,AiK and fancy dress ball last, 2Utli June, at Tooradin, wheiTtfo „,| ti,„„. f,.;,.„,it. ,„„, 7.', ' ? " ' " n d s met- at tlie Mec Institute, at the invitation „f Jlr.andJlts 1,5 The ' rI... hall l,„ll was most t tasteful . . . h-"rln\ ,, . dancing, which commenced' s^VaS, o clock and continued until an early ]mr - morning, was very enjoyable. The" wet it outside did not at all affect the company inside. The hall was ifi L";?. ,• s £ ent i left ,1 when . tho dancing . finishedtllo- l,liu ^^i 1 ™ at enjoyed n most. pV ;' v e n,n S- " 0 noticed, amongst others, th dresses Miss E. Iiyne—tlqueRtrieniie. JUBSM V T Ijyue—Kveninc yue—liveninc dress. Miss Walkor-KJNIR.RR.; Wftlkor-Floimpfilrr R. Walker — Fisher M.id. Miss L virfib,' Peasant. Miss S:arlet — Ambulance Nurs»~ Kernot—Housemaid. Miss Masaa- Horootlli« Hasan—Evening dress. Miss Dora llisio-GretU» Miss Linda Uaean- Cinderella. MIBB Prestoo-J dress. Miss Stredwick — Highland Listo Kornot—Evening dress Miss M'ljeod (TortMel merveilleux and jet. Mrs. T. Basm- mem 1 mosaic jewellery. Mr. J. Lyne—Fireman. Jf Mounted Trooper. Mr. Geo. Atves—^Tomv' Henderson—Court Gentleman. Mr \V h' Policeman. Mr. lU'Douald—Cricketer, tir E K Cricketer. Mr. T. Basan— Pintaloon. Mr L. French Clown. Mr. Uertle Stredwick-Jocker Walker—Bandmaster. Mr. E. A. Cole-SIuhn Cole-Turkish Ofllcer. TUB Caledonian Private Assembly HE!I second dance on Friday evening last in t doniau Hall, Middle Brighton. The lull, is only about 100 yards from tlie MiddleB station, was tastefully decorated with pot and evergreens, and the floor was in order. Mr. ¥. Swectmnn's hand ot formers supplied good music, and the ca* the hands of Messrs. ijoodall and Sea very satisfactory. Tlie programme arranged that ample time was avai visitors to catch the special train forM and intermediate stations which left at after spending a most enjoyable creaim next dance takes place on Friday, 31st J following ladies were present: Mrs. Marriott—black Spanish lace.beliot' jet; diamond jewellery. Miss Fraser- blsck and chiffon. MIBS Malcolm—canary lion's chiffon. Mrs. T. J. Evans—black raerveill™ of beaded net; jet bodice; gold girdle. 1 pale de chine, pink Bilk and lace. Mrs. ( pink silk over skirt of chiilon, jewel coroctt MrB. llaymond—cream brocade, gold trimmii Chapman -blue surah Bilk. Mrs. M. V. F:: silk and Mai tese lace and flowers. Miss Tli:: silk. MrB. Thomson—cream satin andtulle. " Howden -- Bilver grey cashmere audpint Mrs. ISvliam — band-painted BOH green EUU feathers. MrB. Trnen—pink faille. MB, F green silk and cbiffon. Mi6s Freems-old canary net; red ponpies and tinsel lace. II black silk. Mrs. Main—.black merrsillcDi blue snrab ; garnet ornaments. Miss Chalk velvet and gold girdle. Miss Finemore-p»i( Miss Leslie—black silk snd jet, diamond n Holland—black velvet on pate blue, blue.; 1 me-nots. Mies Irwin—black lace over white necklace. THIS Prahrau Private Assembly heMtir dance in the New Town-Hall "ii Wedn~ of June, when there was a very 1 of ladies and gentlemen. The ).it< music was played bv Schwartz's band ,, , « r , ,i the number ot members i"> .lica«>™ desinius ot joming lire reijii.^tM W »»» names to the secretary, Mr. 5'. Haymmid, street, Prahrau, as soon possible^ dance of. the Prahran IV: place oil Wednesday, Nth .! TJiPfc. a list of some of tlie pretii' I drcssssir Mrs. M'Cardel—very effective- ™ptuineof silk, jet trimmings. Miss Froo i—costameof. jewelled eirdle. Mrs. Cowie-blsck metfol gown. Miss ltobson—blue silt customs f> net drees, with gold pass9u;rnleriB tflni- Thorn—pink Th0rn-pi0k"s-urah-R, surah Rown, 1-JI E. trimmlnli \-- MUs - FSan-black \- -- - and jet. Thomson- prune velvet, bias silt MISB M^s U^mSiond-cVeam' Hammond—cream c^^ers M myrtle sreen satin costume, wiib slnber "r'orchVdT"i^TGlTz^r"- J'i'uk cordrf ^ M i S Al P«on-»hit« lltwrtv «»wgs*- Mina Mercer—heliotrope tudit-n Bllk.and w Mis« yaUglian--cream Bilk nr i M ' ^ ^ S S S S , velvet toilette, with chiffon BU<1 jo<™i |BI1 Kdwarda-black velvet jetw-i. [Juin J uuu D S vuinuu K |;owu. ^ mi-** W — ^ mere, trimmed with darker shade w-WJ eilk and rows of buttercuii ^"""^llbon ribbon, SOCIAL- (Continued). GKAJI4M—STOBKHAM. 'I'mk marriage of Miss Fanny Sydenham, third daughter of Mr. Walter Sydenham, of "Kent House, St. Kildii-road. 'with Mr. William Orabsim, vigneron, of Rutherglen. took place at St. Matthew's Church, Prahran. yesterday afternoon. 'l'he bridi?, who was given away by her lather, wore a gown of ivory Sicilienne. trimmed xvilli ducliesse lace, wreath and veil. Misses Hettie and Bessie Munro, and Misses Marv Ellis and Kuliv Catanaeh were the bridesmaids. They wore pretty cream cloth frocks, trimmed with beaver, and fashioned with gold girdles, cream felt hats with feathers, and prett.V bouquets. The breakfast was held at the bride's residence, and in the evening a very enjoyable ball was given. GII.B6—JONES. A vakiiiokablk marriage took place at St. fieorge's Church, Malvern, yesterday afternoon between Miss Rita Jones, daughter of Mrs. \V. B, .(ones. of *• Brockelshy," Malvern, and Dr. W. .\nstev Giles, of Adelaide, eldest son of Mr, Thomas Giles, of that city. The church was very beautifully .decora ted, an array of palms and pre( ty arches being tile most. prominent features. The bride was given away by her brother. Mr. Murray Jones. Her gown was of white satin, with front panel of Indian silver embroidery. The latter also edged the long court train, and the whole toilette wtts one of exceeding beauty. A small coronet of orange blossom was worn in the hair and a long flowing veil, and she carried an exquisite shower bouquet, supplied by Messrs. l'aton and Sons, the Vice-regal florists. The bridesmaids were Misses Ettie Jones, Mary Chonilcy, Erica Hughes and Doris Jessun. Mr. Ansfey Giles and Mr. C. l/oriuior were the groomsmen in attendance. The bridesmaids' frocks were of white silk, fashioned in the Empire style: floral sprayB and court veils wore the headdresses, and each maid carried a yellow narcissus posey tied with white streamers. A reception was afterwards held at " Rrockelsby," about two hundred guests being present. The bride's travelling dress was of grey tweed, trimmed with blue, and a grey and blue hat. A list of the quests and presents is unavoidably held over till our next issue. 