THE NOVEMBER REVIEWS, Mr Justin M'Carthy, M P , opoiis this number of the Conti mpoi ai 1/ with a contribution hcudod " Charles Slow art P iriioll, " in winch he analyses m his judicial manuel the pu son ii character of his late political leader Ho assorts that the wholo of Hu liten n and aitistic side of life was darkuoss to Furnell, who was, notwithstanding, a man of cm imniiding intellect, and ho lins a theory that ut certain tunos tho wear and toar of nervous power bec uno too much for tho leader, leading lum to rotuo lroni aotivo life at intervals Madame Blazo do Bury writes about tho spintualisation of thought in -.nuco Sho sponks of tho strong reaction m that country agim.t its own realism in literttmo, mid quotes Dumas flihj to tlio cftcot that its "bearHess joutlis nro o\en now pupating a burst of spiritualism so tremendous that nothing ni the pist cm n'ford a paiallel " Tho wiitar ti aces the indications of Him now spirit in tho best French litoiaturo of tho day in somo pagos full of sa¿¿at on foi suoh r-s recognise, us »ho puts it, that ' ' there is an effort now going on whioh oan bo no longer ignored or domod " Tho study of Greek m tho uni\ omitios is disoussod by 1] A Freeman, BCL, w ho roplios to Mr Weldons remarks in a prowous number of this lOMow Dr O Lloyd Ttickuoy writes about tho applications of hjpnotism, pio fncing his rcmniks by tho statement that it is uuncccss ii} now to insist either upon tho reality of tho hj jmotie stnto or upon its commonness Ho distinguishes two leading theories as to tho nature ol hjpnosis-that of tho Salpêtricro, as omm oiutod by Ohnroot, to tho effect that hypnotism is p ithologic ii and a form of hysteria, and occurs ia hysteric ii patients only, and that of tho Nanoy sohool, w lnoh contends that hypnosis is a phj Bio- logical condition nnalogous to natural sleep, and that nonily all sane porson» can bo hypnotised Dr Tucknoj givo ii ounoiis instance of tho euro of tho tobacco-habit by hypnotic BuggCBtion, in thooasoof a University professor, and ho shows how habits of excessn o drinking havo boon regulated in tho snmo w ay No special gift, it is mentioned, is requisito to hypnotiso, tho scerot ljing in tho know ledgo of how to gain tho confideuoo of tho patient, but Dr Tuoknoy gives Bomo distressing instances of tho effects of injudicious hypnotising A bsugidar case was that of a sohool at Bor- deaux, w hero tho older bo} s took to hypnotising the younger ones But ho points out, ounou»ly enough, that susceptiblo subjeots may bo protected by impressing on thom during hypnosis that thoy nie not to bo hypnotised by niiyono oxcopt thoir own physician Mr D C Muntiy witto« on tho ronaiseanoo of tho stage, coming lather lato to the discussion of a particularly lntorostiug subject Tor his part, ho say«, ho no moro expeots an original drama than an original duiner, bat one m ly not unfairly look to oach for nutumout, and oxpoat m eaoh tasto, skill, and disoornment In the course of a oliatty, disoursno article, ho writes in a qtuto interesting wny about tho dram itists of tho tuno and thoir methods of work, their capacities, and their limita- tions But nono of thom, ho seems to think, writes up io tho standard of tho drama of tho near future, when the drimutio literature of tho nation ehall bo born again Tho graovanoes of elementary school toaohers, tho causes of tho gho al opooh, local government m Ireland, and tho foin th Gospol aro written about by i mons contributor«, and somo very severo reflections on tho sooial conditions of tho United States are made m a paper by Edw ard Wakefield on " Tho Brand of Cam in tho Groat Bepubho " Somo startling nistauces of tho facility with which hfo is sacrificed by lynolung parties and porsons who curry roi oh era in tho States aro givon, and Mr Wakefield tr ices this stato of things to the old Blavery customs, tho Civil Win, aud tho futility of tho law under tho Föderal system ' ' Tho Americans will find out to thou- cost somo duv," writes Mi Wakoliold, " thut it has degraded them from their placo among civilised nations, and brought thom perilous]} neir tho loi el of tho blood-stained anarchies which are nil that is left ot tho Spanish Indies " Tho oxease of o now country, ho sajs, is a smgulailj wonk ono , America is throo centuries old, and tho onso is desperate if a country cannot " got through w ith its oussednoss " in that timo Su? Charles Robinson writes pleasantly in the Kuutrcnth Ctnturij on " Spurious Works of Art " The subjcot is an almost înoxhnustiblo one, and this arttelo relates somo remarkable instances of tho way tho manufaoturo of theso ortioles, which, ho says, constitutes a widespread and flourishing bianoh of trado, is car- ried ou Tho stones Sir CUarle? Robinson tolls aro highl} eutertftining, but rather too long for quotation , one relating to the Freppa fraud being specially remarkable of its kind H. B. Wheatley writes about the unpublished pages of Pepys' Diary, of which about one-fifth still remains unprinted. A now edition is in preparation to remoiU this dolcionoy, aud m tho meantime tho gossiping diarist's admirers aro afforded an antici p itory tasto in this paper James Mow discusses tho "Cluibtian Holl" in an artiolo on which ho Booms to havo spent oonstdcriblo rosoanh, mid James Sully contributes a paper bonnng tho title, ' Is Mun tho Only ItensoncrP" in whioh ho declares that there is not tho least doubt that tho wido and aoourate observation of nu mu1 habita by tho naturalists of tho last century ha» tondod to raise \ cry greatly our ostimato of tho montai powers of other roprosontatn os of the animal world Tho most powe'rfill attack on the Darwinian theory of man's descont has como, ho say s from tho philosopher, tho logician, and tho metaphysical philologist, who have oombined to urgo the old argument that conceptual thought mdissolubly bound up with language seta an îm passablo barrier botween man aud brute. But a now w oik by Dr Romanes, on ' ' Montai Bvolutiou in Man," alms at bridging this /naftis Mr Sully's article rcsolvoa itself into a notice of this book, whioh argues that so for from language making the thinker, tho endowment of langnogo has to bo engrailed on a high quality of intelligence before it becomes a nitohanism for conceptual thought " Dr Romanes shnrcs," says Mr Sully, " tho hesit ition of o\ olutionists to uttiibuto rudimentary thou_ht to animals," but "tho wholo subjoot is still a dark and perplexing one and wo must re- frain from dogmatiHin_ " The recently discovorod " Mimes of licrodos," and " Byron at PiBa," aro wiittou about by O Whibley and Mrs Ross, and A Taylor Innes has a p ipoi about " ThaPsyohioal Society a Ghosts," in which considerable doubt is thro« a on tho ovidoncos of theso alloged telopathio phenomena Lord Stanley of Aldorloy has an artiolo on the "Houso of Commons and tho Church," doahngwith the oloncal moasnrcs before that body, and E Dohllo discusses Ironoh authors' opinions of c íoh otlior, suggested by a singular book by Mr Jules Hurot on literary ovolution, m whioh tho author coUVtod tho opinions of Trench mon of letters on htoiature and oaoh othor Quoting that of tho prohout hero of tho hour, M Maunoo Bnrrùs, wo read that naturalism m Ironoh literature was a reaction against tho roso-wator novels of tho Octavo ronillot type, juBt as tho psjohologioal school reprosonts au equally nooessary roaotion ngdinst naturalism-an opinion whioh scorns to coincido with that expressed by Madame Blazo do Bury in tho Conti mpoi ai y Among othor papers is ono on the question as to whether tho yeomanry is worth j of prosoivation or not, and another by Dr Louis Robinson, on " DarwIniBiA m tho Nursory," forming a quaint compunion papor to that by Mr Siillj m this uumbcr An interesting artiolo is tho dcsonption by H LViowioki of "Info ina Jesuit Colicúo " and Edward Dicey, O B , writes a roply to the ont'es of his recont papci on tho next Pailiament and tho leadership of Mr Gladstone In tho yoitmijhthj, Sir Chnrlûg Dilke writes at considerable length, and with muoh vivacity, on tho well-«oro subject of tho French armies, usseiting thut Gounany has this year lost that uncontostod siipromacy in Europo whioh sho has enjojtd for 20 year» E B Laura again approaches the disoussion of his favourite RusBian subjects m au artiolo about tho fomino, and T TV Russoll, M P , has something about lush loo ii govermnont Mr Arohor in quita at home jn a tioatiso íudofoncoof the now Independent Theatre, undoi tho tltlo " The Tree Stago and tho New Drama " Ho says that wo have soveral popular pinymakors, managers' hnoks, two or tlireo I competent playwright« who hover on tho vurgo of literatuie, and a host of incompotonts, " but tho genins, tho logenorntor, tho man of original vision and faoulty, wo olutnour for in vam " He describes tho aims and experiences of tho Independent Theatre, arguing that tho heit hopo for tho drama in England is to move with tho Luropoan movo monl, since tho insularity of Enghbh art, though it hns somotimos its charm, is cortniuly not a source of shongth Mrs Homy Tawcott wntoB m roply to Mr Tredorio Harrison on the émancipation of women, in poihnps as nblo and convincing, and withal moderato a papor as could bo written on the Kubjcot Mr V Adams writes about Rudyard Kipling m n tono of toinporod depreciation, nnd undor tho titlo " Ironoh and English," Miss Botham-Edwards gives hor viows on tho lot of women in Trauco Marriage in that country, she says, is growing moro and moie unpopular accord- ing to the showing of statistics, and she argues that th» Frenoh wiíe should b« «lowed from th* oondition of subj'ootion fe malo tutolago in which tho law holds hor. Reconstructed in silver, sho says, tho Eiffel Tower would require two addi- tional «torios to represent tho actual deposit« of French peoplo in tho national snviug» banks ; and sho advocates an international league of public instruction _ to improvo Anglo-Frsnoh re- lations. Thoro aro also artiolos about slavery in Madagascar, Carmen Sylva's translation of tho folk-songs of Itoumania, W. II. Mullock's contiuucd story, " A Human Dooumont," anda letter of Colonel Malleson, in which ho writes of Boulanger as a modorn Mark Antony, explaining his failures on that hypothesis. Under tho title of " Tho Intarviower Abroad," Professor Dowden deals with the book of M. Hurot, already mon tionod as tho suhjcot of a paper by E. Delillo in tho Nun teenth Century. I Tho New Review continuos Cnrlylo's account of his oxoursion to Paris in 1851, and Frederic Harri- son writes about Sir John Lubbock and tho London County Council. Tho papors deal with tho mis- sionary troublos in China, tho union of Italy, the dutios of a private scoratary, the British museum, and other subjects. Sir Morell Mackenzio con- cludes Iiíb series on "Training; ita Bearing on Health ;" and Profossor Garner contributes his second paper on "Tho Simian Tongue," whioh is full of interesting matter. Tho Westminster Review opens with an artiolo from tho pen of Arabella Kenealy, M.D., on " A Now View of tho Surplus of Women." All tho dangers of modorn living aro inourrod in undue sh.aro by mon, it is remarked, bo that the ratio of nature's numbers is reversed, and tho preponder- ance of womon, in this writer's view, brings into their life tho all-important fnotor of oompotitivo strugglO which is tho touohstono of excel- lence), loading tho growing woman to " recogniso early that sho ia but a flower in a gardon of girl«, and must needs grow straight and comely if she caro to bo oarried to tho market." An unaignod nrtiolo deals with tho political influonco of Sir John Maodonuld in Canada, admitting that his charaotcr was not an ideal ono, but olaiming for him tin important placo to fill in tho destinies of his country, and abilities as great as his oppor- tunities. J. F. Hogan writes about tho out- look in Ireland, and thinks that Parnell'» work was prnotioally accomplished whon ho had brought tho Liberal Party to tho boliof that tho recognition of her national Logislaturo was tho only possiblo mothod of scouring peace to Ireland. Tho second of O. H. d'E. Leppington'« papors on " Sidolighta of the Sweating Commis- sion" deals with differences of opinion upon tho influonoo whioh mnohinory, combination among tho workers, and co-operation havo oxer oised upon tho rates of wages and the condition of tho operatives, and on deterioration in the quality of tho work. "Tho Woman's Labour Day " is a contribution by Margaret M'Millan to tho consideration of woman's placo and funotion in tho social economy, in regard to which it seems difficult to Bay anything now. A contrast botweon tho working of English and Scottish unions in instituted by John Downie, and F. J. Crowest writes about tho London cabmen. Tho usual notes on contemporary literature oon oludo tho numbor. Tho Economic Review has papors on the Papal Encyclical on Labour, tho Socialism of Fordinand Ltissnllo, Darwinism and Socialism, tho Iinpcdi nienttoProdiiotion, and tho Co-oporativo Movement, amongst other articles ; and among tho namos of contributors to this number aro thoso of Canon Holland, Eov. F. Minton, T. Kirkup, and others. Among tho American magazines to hand The Forum stands desorvcdly first. In this November number Professor Freeman disousses the dangers to tho peace of Europe, and makes a spirited appeal for tho leadership of Gladstono if tho hour of trial should como. A com- panion article, by William R. Thayor, doals with "Tho Armed Truco of tho Powers." Most of the other papers aro of restricted interest, dealing ohiofly with American questions like the degradation of Ponnsylvunian polities, tho regula- tion of the lobby in Massachusetts, the death of polygamy in Utah, American shipbuilding, and othor matters ; whilo the principal of Newnham College, Cambridgo, Englnnd, writes apprecia- tively of English University lifo for womon. The Century Illustrated opens with nn artiolo of the Bones donling with tho Italian old masters, on Miohaol Angelo, with illustrations of the Delphian and Giimomn Sibyls. An interesting subject is treated in a paper on the effect of the war on Southern womanhood, aud another on tho Gorman artist Monzzol carrios some'offcotivo Ulus tracions. A description of the dramatio olub in New York, "The Players," makos a readable artiolo as it is handled by Brandor Matthews, and in this numbor of tho Century appoars tho first in Btalmontof "The Naulnhka," the new story by Kipling and Balestier, whose death was announced tho other day. Other papers deal with American progress in art, the food supply of the futuro, Maz"ini's letters, something about Lowoll, tho San Francisco Vigilance Committoos, »nd some stories and vorso. Scriliner has papers on "Explorations in the Sierra Madre," "Tho United States Naval Apprentice System," " Tho Ocoan Steamship as a Freight Carrier," "Tho Proposed Truns-Saharian Railway," and the continuation of Mr. R. L. Stevenson's story, " Tho Wreokor." Tho illustra- tions, as usual, are oxcollent, and thora are some roadablo skotohes and tasteful vorsea in the numbor. Harpor'i Monthly has, among other interesting matter, tho second port of C. F. Woolson's " Cairo in 1890," riohly illustrated, and the oonoluding ohapters of Du Mauricr's story, " Poter rbbotson." Tho third sorios of Diokens'a letters to Collins, a paper about " Stonowall Juokson," "Tho London of'Good Quoon Bess," by Walter Besant, "The Treatment of Canocr," nnd " Afrioa and tho Europoon Powers," with many oxoollont pioturos and somo short stories and vorso comprise this popular magazine's budget of reading for the month. 