THE RIED GHOST DANCE. (SEW TOoI WutLtt, roVE5.DR 2.) The snako dance of the Molui Indians, the strange sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the hostilea, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their tre:tlies have all been described. The weird ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shoe. hones are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian milennuium has never bes?n described, for the reason pro bably that it has never been witnessed lty a white man. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped here and at Rossebud, as well as further to the west and north, in Colorado and Moentuna, it is doubtful if any white man known to have seen a ghost dance would live to talk or writcmuch about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the whitalman first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to corne from the wonderful Messiah, the Ried Saviour, reported months ago to have comne down from the happy hunting grounds and lighted on the top of a mountain peak in south-eastern Mfontaua in the wild country on the borders of the National Park. That much alarm is felt by the white men hereabouts who understand the matter is sthown by the gravity with which the situation is dis cussed. Tihe Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in iheircabins and topees, and pursuing their cus. ternary loating and visits to the agency build. lugs, act as though under a spell. The Indian agents therrselves, who are in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation. Ix-Agent Charles I'. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when asked the attitude of Ogalalla Sioux, into which band lie married, and tu which he holds the rank of "White Chief." He said the Indians were his brothers aind so were the whites, and he hoped forpeace. lBut he did notquiet the fears of my informant, who succeeded last venuug in get tiug a glimpse of a ghost dunce in progrebs at tihe big comp, several miiles from this agonty, whoet the most faunatical postles of tite new Messiah are said to have made their appear ance. The situation at the famous Standing Rock Agency, where Sitting Bull iha been endea voutring to raise a revolt otn the strength of the promiseod aid of the New Messiah, is evin more serious than at either Rlosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent M'Laughlin iuas indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general dis affection, showing the alarming extout to which it prevails. Sitting Bull and iicking Hiorse, the great Sioux prophet, are about equally roe. sponsible for it. They predict the arrivtal of the lied Men's RIillennilnt as not later than the growth of the new grass its Mlarch, 1891. It is saidthat lied Clonil, the ablest and wisestof all the Sioux chiefs, revealed the Ilot to M'Laughliln. Sitting (lull, who has lobng benc itcapacitated by illneUh from active chieftain ship, has regained his strength, and is fero ciously desirous of a war against thie " pal faces." IHo points to his watrlike feats on the battleofleld of the Little Big hIorn, whore Custer and lis troop wore exterminated, and hias formed a band of 300 avengers, mostly young bucks, whoe he huta worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of the rests. ration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy in the North-west. Iis braves rely ott his tiroe miso that all the dead Sioux will rise from their graves and that their numbers, with thise re. nforcomenits, will be amply sulicient to drive out and " wipe out" the white mlas even were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on its this letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kicking H-orse goes so tar as to say that he has made a personal visit to the happy hunting grounds through a " hole in the clouds," and that he there beheld untold thou sands of red warriors all in war paint, armed with their lances and bows and arrows, and anointed 'with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to show fight. But Kicking Ilorse professes to believe that the white man will be so overawed by the numbers of the returning braves that the' will retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irrecon cilables, as Red Cloud does the " progressive" Indians, is supposed to be the chief whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead the red rlan to victory. In the wake of their trium Ihant progress the grass will grow waist.high and the prairies be thick with buffalo and ante. lope. Theo story that Sitting Bull has been under the spiritualistic inflienco of a " Mrs. C. Weldon, of Brooklyn," who came here to see him in 1889, and has had communication with the Great Spirit througl her, is believed to be without foundation. Tile ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn notiflication to the Indian dead that they are now needed on earth to help the remnasnt of their people exterminate the whites and seize their own again. It is ilso'a ceremnonial welcome, in anticipation of the returning braves, antl it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the whlite men, who are all to die when the Messiah makes his appearance, are mourned intadvance in the dirge movement of the chant which is part of the ghost dance scons hard to surmise. But the wild strains, which my informant's half.breed instructor in these ghostly mysteries said foretold tise red oorn's tinal triumnp, were, according to his do scription, certainly ferocious enough to satisfy the wildest sensation-lover. 'Tite camp this friendly half-breed led his widte cotupaulion to apy upon is in a hallow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to summit across the valley would perhaps be a mile. The waggons of the braves - many of them as farmers and freighters now have their horses and waggons--are corralled in the centre of the valley. A fringe of tentsskirts the borders of the camp, and a score or so of painted tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, wiho have novergivero it to "progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chickent issued to these Indians by tihe Government for btreeding purposes-for in the eye of the law most of them are farmers--have Ieen driven into the valley also, and are lariated or cooped on the outskirts of the cnmp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. Tile atmosphere was dank and murky when, two nights ago, may half-breed friend set out for the camp. After an hour's laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. The lights of the camp fires, on which the evening meatl had been cooked were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly be seet moving in and out among tbhe darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of the foot of theb hill on which the spies were seated in a clump of stunted evergreens was an open spaco, of an acre in extent, towards vhiach tie squaws seemed now urging, now driving tCe rest of the band. Around the outer rim of this open space fires were kindled of wood that seeomed tobave beeoon smudged, as there waslittl oir no ilame, only a dull red glow and a profuse palo grey smoke, which, rising fromn all sides at octe, formed a sort of canopy over the scene, through this cloud by its and starts the old squaws could bto seen forming the warriors in rows arountd the eastern edge of the expna?seo, will the younger bucks nd sillaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row were ktnelintg, the squaws behind them sit tiing, and the younger bucks standing behind Then the old squnawa retired to the western edge of the open ground, where they were ecreoned from observation by the bosi, tnd remained out of sight for about tse aDuring thlis time ltho picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the amouldering light of the fires built in a long oval about forty feet infront of the line, the warriors, with their women and children bo hind them. knolt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting-just what for the half-breed on the hill didn't know. When a tire would burn up too bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, is squaw vwould go and pull the fagots away from the coals and subdue the flames. When the old squawle'returned they joined hands and knelt down to the centre of the open. They began clanting what sounded at first like a death song, but now an'i again swelled into savagely trsumplhant yells. The smoke only startcd at intervals and 'while the chant was going on, blut while the strange scene waselut from view the wauriors advanced from the rants and, joining lhands in a aInrger circle around the old iquawes, began the ghost dance. Their clint was loss shrill than tlhat started by tile qttaws nd wats not so plainly Ieard. A portionu of it oeomed lanmeutation for their dead; thencame thie invocation to the dend to arise and come help their brctheren extermtinate the white man. The squaws hiad not been observed to leave the circle they hadl formed, but as the warriora' chant swelled into what the half-breed asid was the invocation to the departed Sioux to come back to earth, the old hag?e, one by one, stole like shadows under the linked arms of the braves, each with a burning stick in her shrivelled hand, the light from which fell with groy ghatstliness on hecr painted face. This light for the first time madoe visible to the watchers the feaccs of the braves them selves, and it was now seen that they were in full war paint. TIE DIo CHIEF AND AG?tO T. The old women passed through the circle like a procession of spectres, eachl carrying a taper of grave-wax tolight her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their will polormance looked like from the hill-top, and before the procession had snorethan ha If pssed throulgh the circle the smoko grew so thick und the clouds above thoe valley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the imsmediate necesity of a return to the Agency. Enough had been been of the ghost dance, which had then barely be gun, for report says it lasts well into the morning, and indeed till everybody connected with it is exhausted to bring out clearly at leastone signiticnst iact. And that was that the bucks had war paint on their faces. There is talk here that the Mornmous are en couraging the Colorado, lMontan, Utah, and Idaho Indians to look forward to the extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all the white men in authority- except the Mormoins-when the Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have come from the Weet, and may even claim to have been in the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, haie recently joined the Sioux at these age:cies is india. putable. They are spoken of ru apostlesof the neow religion, and it is by their advice that the Indlans have gathered into namps, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing-until hoe Millennium comes. APOSTLES OF TIIR NEW CREED. The excitement began among th s oux at the great council of the Sioux nation, held about the middle of September on Badl River, nome fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. White smen were excluded from the council, just as they are from the ceremonies in the camps int this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, named W. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of his business during the past few weeks through agreatdeal of the Sioux country, says that thli( fanatical mania which seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red man is the directresult of the ex hortations of the Indian emissaries frorn Mon. tana, where the Messiahlu was said first to have beenl seen last spring. YWho in the East had supposed that this strange agitation about it Messiah had reached such apitch among the lRed men thatemissa ries were actually despatched many hundreds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make readly for the appearance of their " Redeemer 1" And who has yet heard this Indiau 3Messiah's creedr Its maini article is the beliIef that the present surface of the North A.\ erican conti tent will be covered thirty feetdeep by a now stratum of soil, which shall he inhabited by Indians only, and le thick with game as were thoprairies before the whits nmncame. beneath this noew stratur the white man and his cities and his railroads and his steamboats and his civilisation shall be buried, in the twinkling of anss eve, and the New World shall be as if it had nevevr known itn, or at least as it was 300 years ago. But the Irunians-and here is a strange tlring--shall not be whelmcd ini the general ruin. They will be endowed with a sunernatural strength to wrestle with the dillicultie of the occasion, and will squirm though the now soil until, after much labour and many fec:e and lamentations, the Rled man shall at last struggle out to the now surface of thIe new earth where they will find grass waist.high and immenlo herds of buffalo, antelope, and wild horses ready at hand t There is somethling touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red man must pass through his purgatory-the new earth stratum. No pale face will over be permitted to mar the serenity of theose El,'sian Fields, nor will the game die out or be driven away. Visions of theso veritable Happy Hunting Grounds are seen in the ghost dance by the warriors, who spin around in a religious delirium until they fall in a trance. In this trance the ghosts of the dead braves and departed chiefs are said to come and toll them of the now glories to crown the red man. This by some is said to give its namoe to the danco. OENERAL INDIAN DISTtUIiANCEl . The outbreak of the White River Utes, who have left the rescrvation in Utah and gone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general uprising prelimiiary to the appearance in tie flesh of tile Indian Mlessiah. It is known that the Nez Perces near Mulleos, Idaho, to the number of '100, have appeared in a bhsnd at that town and presented a formal de mand that the whites leave the country, " to which they havo no title." These are the same Nez Perces who took part inthe massacre of 1877\. They are dissatisftled with their reserva tion atLa Pivia, and are said to threaten asgain to overrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. Th'e excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comanchee is scarcely less. Cap. tain Trimbleton, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, Commandant at Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that in his opinion " the greatest Indian uprising of recent tlmes is certain to come oon," as " the Indians have got the idea that tile Great Medicino Mant is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownership of the country." Captain ''rimbleton Is known as a man of experience iand discretion. Ilis declaration that thio ,000 Indians about Fort Sill have renounced Christianity and entered upona series of incan tations and fanatical orgies in certainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should double the frontier garrisons is a ques. tion for the Government to decide. AnIE TIILn SIOX STAnRVI.eW The opinion in this part of Dakota is that the Sioux have been so badly treated by the Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. The settlers along the edges of the great Sioux reservation are un. doubtedly alarmed. Those are the facts, to which there is abun. dant testimony, on which it is said the Sioux malke outa strong ease in equity against Uncle Sam. In Juno, 1889, the Sioux signed a treaty for the cession of a part of their reservation to th Governmenout. They have not received one cent of the consideration due them for that ces sion. General Crook was with the commission that secured their signatures to the treaty; General Crook haid been their conqueror, and afterwards their henefractor and friend. They know him and believed in him, and thlers is no doubt that it was owing very largely to his in iluenie that the treaty was ratified. It was General C'rcok who promised the Sioux that the Government would pay them ii full and promptly fortheirlande, andl that their rights should be respected. The Sioux have been repeatodly deceived by agents of the United States Government, notably whmen the attempt, that so niearlyresultedr. is 1878, in war, was made to remove them iy force to the hiis snouriiver, but they trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead the chiefl say that his Govern. ment has failed absolutely to carry out his pro mises. Owing to the delay in the passage by Con. gress of the Indias Appropriation Bill not only thle Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have lbeen and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the supplies due in July have not yet beens sent out to thlem. As a re. sault they liatoen all the snore eagerly to the emissarirsca who hlave come from that part of M.ontana where the Mesgiah is said to have beeas seen. The id:ea of an approruchling millennium and the extinction of tile whites renders the reservation Indians all the more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle. and fowls, andil quit work of every kind. The Siouxat thoso two agcncica--'inro Itidge and IRosebud-aro re. covivng scarcely anything at all, even under the reduced census apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to. All tlhis tihe since July the Government sup plies out here h:svo been. of course. diminilshing. There will soon be nothling at all on hand to feed the Indians except scanty ratiosi of beef. Suppose, as has been the case in the past, extra r\tions of beef were issued to tale the plnce of the rations of flour, etc., for which there is now no material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. Itis useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially when the mysterious aliostles from Montana and Utah have succeeded iin convincing hundreds of the Sioux thatwhen the Iressiah appears their struggle for their righlts will at Ist be crowned with success, and the hlated whites and lying Government agents will bo punished as they deserve. Why should they and their children starve in a land of plenty ? Ilndeel, a mnn oflicially acqualinted withthe Siouxfortrwenty-tive years said to maOtester. lday : '" Broken treaties, delayedl aprpropriations anod religious frenzy lhave combined to mako the Indians feel thalt the worst lhas come to the worst, and that even if no Messiahl came they migiht a? well die fighting, with their wives and children arouind them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes them a living and has abundant meansto pay that debt were it so disposed. By the very failure to deliver them their supplies in July, when they were due, the Government has, asa last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of the opportunity to earn money by fraightine these supplies. There was nothing to haul, so they have been deprived not only of their Govern. ment food, but of almost their only opportunity to make money enough to buy food elso where." 