BARAK HAGEB AND HIS WIVES. ("From the Hungarian of Moun'z JOKAI.] Barak Hageb had no les3 than three hundred and sixty-five wives; one for every , day in the, yeat. . How he managetl-iii. leap-year.with one wife short remain's for .ev»&<myfltery.. But you are not- therefore. to anpposfe that Barak. wa« a Sultan ; he was only high' chamberlain-as the title Hageb shows-at the court of Sultan Mahmoud. Barak had come into the ; laud in the first instance as ambassador from the great empire of Mongolia, and the regent, the widow of the late Sultan, who was still a young woman, had entrusted everything to him. Mahmoud was as yet no more than a child, Barak governed as he thought fit. It wa3 a very thrifty rule. He introduced that reform in the army by which the soldier's pay was reduced from four halfpennies to three; for he declared that three was a sacred number, if only because there had been three prophets. One day the Grand Yizier Darfoor All came to visit the worthy Barak Hageb, and while they sipped their coffee the guest spoke " Verily, said he,, "it is a piece of folly quite unworthy of you to keep so many wives. If indeed it were the custom with us, as among the Franks,.to give wives for nothing, or even on occasion, to pay a dowry to the husband, I should have nothing to say to it, for you would be richer than King Crcesus. But among us the world is topsy- turvey; we buy our wives, . and generally pay money down. You have squandered vast sums in this way. If it had been your own money it would have mattered nothing. But it is the nation's money that you have spent to buy more and more wives-that is where the mischief lies. A hundred warriors could be placed in the field for the price of one of your wives." . " Very true; but would a hundred warriors afford me greater pleasure than _ one beautiful woman?' replied Barak with profound wisdom. Ana Ali was obliged in his soul to admit that he was right. However, he objected to the multiplicity of wives, saying, "Everyone may gather asmany flowers in the garden of .the world as he pos- . sibly can; This the prophet allows, and you might have collected every variety-fair and dark,- pale and black, blue-eyed and green eyed 'women,- yellow Chinese, and tawny Malays, and, for aught I aire, women who' dye' their -hair red and their teeth black; still, I think that one specimen Of each would \- have been enough. By Allah ! Why, you could not even repeat the names of all your ; wives, or the use they are to yon." 1 "Yicra are quite mistaken," replied Barak Hageb. "I "will enumerate them all in order. First,. ther6 is Hdibah, who can prophesy, ; and is indispensable to the .'fate- of the country; then there is Hafitem, a ghost seer, who calls up the spirits of the dead ; ; Noiirmahal, who understands the language 1 of birds better, than I understand yours-; Alpaida, who tells tales which would send even a Sultan' to sleep; and Mahaderi and Assinta, who danee ajja-s de deux toper- i fection., As to Mangora, Bhe makes «stkfe3 fit for a Icing, and Sandabad prepares ; such a miraculous sherbet that when you have drunk it, it makes you sad to wipe your * moustache. Via Hia, rayGhinese wife, has'a:; .way of arranging cock-fights which are more amusing than a battle; and Haka, the' Hindoo, can subjugate wild beasts and ; tame even lions to harness to her chariot. Roxana is an astrologer, and can tell you the day of your deathA.ysha understands' the culture of flowers ; Kailca to be sure is ; hideous, but to this peculiarity she adds the power of rubbing the gout out of my limbs. Jarko, my Tartar wife, is an accomplished . horsewoman, and teaches the others to .ride. Abuzayda, who is highly educated, writes the letters I dictate to her; Josa , reads to me out of the Eoran; Rachel sings ; psalms, in which she is assisted by Kadiga- ; val and Samuza, for a man of any position at all must have a trio. Of Tuldnna I need only say that she is a rope-dancer, while Zibella can cast a knife with such precision as to ? divide a human hair at twelve paces. Barossa is skilled in medicine, Aliben em broiders in gold, Alaciel binds my turban admirably, and-Khaturn of Bagdad interprets . my most interesting dreams. Mavola plays the harp, Zebra the tom-tom, and Hia the . tambourine, a quite celestial harmony. Ah, and then Sichem--' The Grand Vizier had begun by counting the list of ladies on his fingers, and then on his toes; but when the number already exceeded thirty, he cried " Hold, enough!" for he began < to fear that he should remain all night, and still that his friend would not have done. "Well, well," he broke in, "I have heard enough. No doubt you require all the three hundred and sixty-five. Each of them has her admirable side, but beware lest some ' day the bad side should be turned outwards:" And the Grand Vizier -was right, as we shall see in the sequel. Sultan Sidi Ahmed, of Herman, the ruler of an adjacent State, had received information that the people in Mahmoud's territory'were ill-content, and.he determined to set the Op pressed free. To cure the diseases of' his neighbor was in all ages a favorite undertaking , with every'Oriental sovereign.. Sidi Ahmed was the master of a vast army. Some Persian writers affirm that he_ had ten thousand soldiers, while other historians esti- . lnate them at least a hundred thousand. Something between the two is - probably nearer the truth. He, had three hundred horsemen; that much is certain. Before declaring war the Sultan raised his., soldiers' pay from four halfpennies to five. This announcement fired the whole army with enthusiasm. At;the head of the troops was the Sultan' himself. He and his horse were a blaze of jewels, a sight which filled his bare foot- troops with honest _ pride. The most costly delicacies were carried in his train, and the thought that he alone would feast on these dainties brought great consolation to the hungry warriors. Mahmoud, too, iltted out a gfeat army ; of how many'men history does not tell, but at any rate they were twice as many as the' enemy could put into the field. The Grand Vizier Darfoor Ali led them in person. On the eve of* the first battle one of Barak's wives, the above-named Hdibah, foretold that the neighboring realm would be brought to nought; and the lady.Roxana, who was also a soothsayer, solemnly declared that on the morrow Sidi Ahmed must die. Barak Hageb had these prophecies proclaimed in the capital,, and the enthusiasm was_ soon 'general. Barak himself was firmly convinced that both would be fulfilled. He and all his wifely following ' took up a position next day on a hill .overlook-. ing the field of battle, whence they could enjoy ; the delightful prospect of the enemy's defeat. , The struggle began at daybreak, but-it did ; not last long. The historians before quoted,, or rather alluded to, differ widely in their accounts. Persian chroniclers assert that. Mahmoud's army lost forty-five thousand men, and that the enemy only left three for dead; another -writer, on the contrary,- ? says that Mahmoud's troops lost not even a slipper, much - less the man belong ing thereto, while the dead on the other side: may be reckoned in round numbers at thirty-three thousand. In this, case, again perhaps the truth lies between the two; But by fairly trustworthy accounts the worthy Malimoud's army-[the men whose pay had been so liberally reduced-at the first onslaught took to their heels, seizing the opportunity, of showing that no one could catoh them itp. What wonder ? Who would: care ' to sell-his life for three-lialfpenee ? Sidi Ahined's troops thereupon announced that they were masters of the field, and their first business .was,to ' plunder the villages in the neighborhood, at that time a favorite way of setting, a people free. . > "By the beard of the Prophet?" cried'Barak . Hageb, as he saw'his' countrymen take to flight, " I almost fancy that Ildibah's prophecy will'nbt be fulfilled; on the contrary, our side seems to be losing." _ ; " Patience," said Ildibah, to comfort him; " the sun has not yet sunk in the sea." This observation was true,, no'.doubt, yet: did Barak Hageb tarry no longer to philoso phise, but set spurs into his horse and rode away. His wives followed his example, Sidi Ahmed; tlie conqueror, had heard many fine thihgS about the fabulous wealth of Barak Hageb, [and mote especially about his choice collection!of wives; and when he .wastold that Barak and his women had taken to flight he tliought) he could iiot do better than start at once in pursuit. Till late at night two clouds of dust might be discerned scudding along one behind the other-tlie foremost raised by Barak and his wives, the second-by Sidi Ahmed's horsemen. "By the apron of the prophet's wife!" Barak growled, "Roxana's prognostications liave not proved true. It is I who shall be a dead man this day, and not Sidi Ahmed." " The stars are not yet risen," replied the sage Roxaha, and she added-"But there by that tank we will rest awhile. There you tan perform your evening ablutions. Leave the rest to us. . But never had Baxak so little enjoyed his bath. The woman meanwhile were plotting a stratagem; They cut off the horses'tails and made themselves. false beards, so' that they looked quite terrible. They out bamboo oanes in the neighboring'thicket, and fastened; their dainty little daggers to.the-end of them;.thus they contrived excellent lances. _ When Barak Hageb returned from his evening devotions; instead of his troop of docile wives, he found' an army of bearded warriors! He started, for they really looked very dreadful. Jarko the Tartar and Zibella tlie Indian commanded the light cavalry; and on this occasion the wonder was wrought, that one woman would obey another's orders. l'o be sure, the times were evil. The little amy formed in. three divisions, and: awaited the enemy's onslaught. Sidi Ahmed came rushing on in hot haste. But when he saw this force, with beards flowing down to their stirrup-irons, his heart sank into the depths of his baggy pantaloons. Before he had quite recovered from the shock a tall warrior rode forth and called to him, "Sidi Ahmed ! if you are not a coward como out and'try your strength with me in single combat." This hero was Zibella, so greatly skilled in casting the knife. Nor did her cunning bet-ray her. She flung her javelin, and Sidi Ahmed was that instant a dead mau; he had not time to drop from his horse. The rest of the Ainassons under the fsOm mand of Jarko, now pressed on the enemy. But Sidi Ahmed's followers did not like tno look of things. Five, halfpence aro jndeed a handsome sum, but even for suqhji guerdon a3 this a man will nob give hiaskinto bo punc tured ad libitum. So each man flung liis shield over his back, which he turned on the adver sary, and the horsemen fled as fast as feet could carry them, shouting as they went "The Tartars are on us, the barbarians are at our heels 1 Ten thousand-twenty thousand a hundred thousand fighting men have risen up to protect Barak Hageb! Ride for your lives-ride ! The Tartars shoot with light nings !" ' "N ow you see that myprophecy is fulfilled !" said Roxana to Barak Hageb. Sidi Ahmed lies dead before you." "Arid mine, too, will yet come true," said Hdibah. "Our enemy's realm will perish. Let us hasten to Herman !" So.theycutoff the dead Sultan's head, and set it on a lance. With this badge of victory they rode in triumph to Kerman, their followers in creasing from hour to hour. The soldiers who had ran away came out of their hiding-places, and joined the array, so that it was a large force by the time they crossed the frontier. The gates of-the towns were flung open joyfully, for every one was now ready to say that Sidi Ahmed had, in truth, been a tyrant and Barak Hageb was hailed as a deliverer, and was ; finally proclaimed as Sultan. This conclusion, which is so strange'that no one will believe this history, though it is the 