NEWS OF THE DAY- A petition has boon filed for tho liqnidation of tlio CBtato of Michaol Aaron Phillips, of Maryborough, liconsod viotaallor. Tlio lia bilities aro sot down at £1209 10s. 7d. The monthly meeting of tho Committoo of tho Toowooraba Hospital, which should havo been hold on Monday last, was postponed until Mon- day next owing to tho inclomenoy of tho weather. We loam that arrangomenls for tho concert to bo held by tho childron at tho convent school on tho 17tkiii8lautaroprogrc89iugvcry satisfactorily. An excellent programmo has beon proparod, and tho rohcarsals havo boon oxtroraoly gratifying. Dealino with tlio "ono man ono voto" con troversy, and tho opinions thereupon of tho Pro mior and Treasurer, respectively, tho Southern World of yesterday says Thoro is a crumb of comfort to bo had by tho friends of tho now movomontfrom tho Promier's declaration, but nono from that of tho Knight of Auchcnflowcr ; and somo peoplo profess to regard this disagree ment bctweon tho two Knights as tho forecast of a speedy dissolution, and if that bo so, all who earnestly desiro tho good of tho commonwealth should remember tho words of that stunlv nU patriot, John Bright: " Register! Register! I Register! ! 1 " The Committoo of tho Roys' Brigade ac knowledge with thanks tho sum of £1 Is., prtaontod to thorn for ths Brigade by tho Committee of tho Oddfellows Sports. At tho monthly sittings of tho Full Court on Tuesday, Mr. R. G. Wonderloy, of Too- woomba, was admitted a solicitor of tho Supremo Court of Quoonsland. Da. Frank A. Huet, having had special business to bring him to Toowoomba, maybe consulted at bis rooms at tbo Club Hotel to-day, tho 11th inst, botweon tho hours of 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. Tiie regular monthly mooting of tho sharo- holdors of tho Toowoomba Building Sooioty, No. 6, was bold on Tuoaday evening, whon the Bum of £19-1 5s. 10d. was paid in. Three shares woro offered for solo and purchased at eight por cont. ' The Independent Order of Reohobitos will oclobrato their 10th anniversary in Toowoomba to-morrow ovoning, tho 12th inst., by a tea and publlo ontortainmont in tbo Tomperanoe Hall. A roport has got abroad that tho ontortainmont bad bocn postponed, bat wo aro asked to atato that such is not tho cobo. A meetinq of tho croditors of Robert Bakor, storokooper, D&lby;, was bold on Monday afternoon, at tho office of Mr. Dodd, solloitor, iwnwmuu. au« precis oi dents banded in ottho mooting woro:— Alfred Shaw & Co. £50 lis. Id. Hoffnung & Co., £70 0s. Od W. Davis, £31 19s. fid. ; G. Myers, £17 9j. 3J ! Horxborg, Mlllingon, & Co., £56 15s. Gd. Tho debtor's statoinontof affairs showed liabilities oreditere fully scoured, £337; oatimatod value' of fioouritios, £480; surplus and contra, £143 oreditora unsecured, £220 15s. 0d. causes of insolvency woro attributed to bad times and prossuroof creditors. Tho soonritios hold wore mortgago of £100 on land and pro- misoa held by tho Commercial Bank at Dalby, and bill of salo ovor tho Btook. An offer of composition without security was made by tho debtor, and rejected. It was rosolvod to wind up tho ostato by liquidation. Mr. Caspar, accountant, Margarot-strcot, was appointed tmstoo, with Masses. A. G. Hatton (Hoffnung & Co.), and A. M. Horzborg as oommlttoo of inspection, and Mr. Dodd was entrusted with tho registration of tho resolutions, A puxsuo debate will toko place in tho School of Arts on Tuoaday and Wednesday, tho ICtb and 17tb inst., on tbo proposition " Is tbo Book o! Mormon of Divino origin," Mr. Young, of Toowoomba, affirms, and Mr. Houohins, of Brisbane, takes tho negative sido. Some people in Now Zoaland aro beginning to think that tho rabbits aro not altogether a nui sance. Such, at any rate, is the opinion of Mr. Woddcl, of London, whoa fowdays ago visited tbo two rabbit factories in Blcnboim, tho result of which was an " oyo opener" to him. Hoia not quite Buro whether rabbits aro a curso to Marlborough or not. Going intoflgarcs, for this is tho invariablo test which city men apply, ho finds that thoy afford moro labor and brine in moro inouoy than if tho sanio land wore Used for bIiocp breeding. Mr. weauoi says, ana woro is somo force in his contention, that there is n lot of land hero which will not crow shoop, and if this land could bo fenced off and used as rabbit warrons, ho saw no reason why this should not bo done. A few days ago it was intimated id ffio Courier tbat application had -boon inado to lite Govern ment by tho British-India Company for permis sion to defer for twolvo months tho commence' ment of tbo fortnightly scrvfeo by way of Torres Straits in conBcquonco of tho depression iu tho shipping trade. That journal is now informed that this etatcmont was not quite accurate;, as an inquiry had only been mada by tho agents of tho company on tho matter, and no actual request for a postponement had beon made. Ib will bo now learnt with satisfaction, therefore, tliat tho company havo doterminod to begin tbo fortnightly service next month, according to contract, it is presumed on account of the un usual quantity of morchandfao offering in London, although tho freight ratos aro ua« commonly low. Repeyino to a question on the eoeret of longovily Mr. Gladstono is kind enough to say tbat ho tokos Bcvon hours of peaceful sloop ovory' night. "Whon at Hawardeu Park,' ho adds, "I attend morning church daily. Asido from tho spiritual benefit derived from religious exorcises I boliovo tbat going to church exorcises a soothing infinenco upon tha whole nervous system." And yet Mr. Gladstono goes in for diBOBtablishmontl ThoPoot Laureate is repre sented ob staling that— " My having celebrated my 81et birthday is probably in consequence of my not Laving worried or fretted over tho small affairs of lifo. ' Cast all your cares on God,' is Enoch Ardon's advico to his wife. I havo tried to do so, and by His graco I havo lived to bo old." This disposition to Bliift one's own earos must bo genuine, einco ho who confossos to it signs himself " Alfred Tonnyson," and,not aftor tho maimer usual with thoso who havo received a pecrago. Pleasiko intelligence has juBtboonrccoivcd for peoplo who libo American pickled pork. A Swcdo who has diod at Tacoma is represented to havo confessed on his death bed that ho had murdered another Swcdo in tho slaughter-room of a pork packing establishment at Stoaz City, Tho murderer, tho agrcoahlo Btory continues, chopped up his victim and put him into tho frcozingrooin along with tho carcasses of pickled pork. Tbo story is so artistic that it ought to bo truo ; and it probably is as truo as tbat Now York is a woll governed city. Tka roraanco Booms to bo a distant oolio of tho famous talo that Dickens . told. A portly and respected father of a family disappeared as completely as though the earth had swallowed him. Wbon last soon ho was looking with fascinated oyes into a pork butcher's window. A wcok or two later tho sorrowing widow was consoling borself with saasoges for breakfast. Tho knifo struck somothing bard, and out rolled a trousers button, which she In stantly recognised as her husband's. The con clusion was irrcsistiblo. The good lady bad beon breakfasting on tlio doar doparted. "We learn from yesterday's Warwick Examiner that eovoral persons had beon prosocntcd by tho railway authorities at Warwick, for breach of tho railway by-laws. In most cases tho dofoudauts entered tho Kiilarnoy train while intoxicated, aud not only annoyed the sober paBsongorB, but obstruotod tbo guards ond Station masters in tbo performance of thoir dutioB. Although tho 'defendants were ably defended by Mr. E. J. Muckay, they were all found guilty and fined in various amounts with costs of court and professional costs. In closing tho cases tho Polico Magistrate said tho trip to Kiilarnoy romindod turn of tho proverbial rido to Donnybrook, and ho was very pleased to boo that tbo Railway Dopartmont bad deoldod to bring tho offenders before tbo court. Ho thought it a great pity and a shamo that pooplo could not como into town nnd return homo on a Saturday ovoning by a train without annoy- me thoir follow paRsongers, as tho dofendants who appeared before tbo court had done. Tho greatest credit was duo to tho Railway Depart ment for having instituted proceedings which wonld undoubtedly act as a cbcok to a roourronco of such unsoomly conduct in tbo futuro. Some littlo timo ago (says tho Courier) by tho direction of tho Minister for Agriculture (Hon, A. S, Cowley), circulars woro sent out to planters and /armors with tho objoot of learning from thorn to what extent boys of ogos ranging from 12 to 18 1 could bo employed iu agricultural pur suits. In tho circular it was stated that tho ' MiniBtor'e attontion hod boon drawn to tbo number of boys and youths iu and about Bris- bono ohgiblo for oraploymonfc, and ho was of opinion that thoir services might bo utilised by tho plautora and farmers of Queensland to their mutual advantago. In response to his circular somo 45 applications for boys havo boon recoivod. All information as to tbo terms and eraoloymont, &o.;, may bo obtained from tho Department of Agriculture), Tho Miniator boing untiaflod that ckmMid fat thia oloaa of labour, ot»na will bo talxon to mcot it. Tbo cliiof objoot in view by tho department is to afford opportunities to thoso desirous of following country pursuits, and in a moasuro to create a higher ambition among tho youth of tho colony than becoming a clerk in an offlco. An indenture has been carefully prepared, defining tho relations botwoon omployor and employed, and giving amploprotco- tion to both. Tho employers who havo offered so for aro station owners and farmers. Tho ages mentioned rango from 12 to 17, tho wages offered from 6s. to 12s. Od, a week, and the terras of sorvico six months to fivo years. For tho sako of both sides groat caro will bo taken in tlio Bolection of boys, and all applications from thorn will havo to havo tho eonBont of parents and guardians, and bo accompaniod by cortifi-' Tub Brisbono correspondent of tho Glen Innss Guardian , writing under dato Juno 8, says " Tho nowa of tho failure— and an ignominious failure it was— of tho Queensland loan, is tbo subject of genoral discussion. Tho Govornmont, it may bo remcuiborcd, put on the London mar ket a loan of £2,600,000. Of this sum something less than £300,000 was subscribed. Failure could hardly go boyond this point, and the nows or tho non-success of tho loau caused quito a sensation in financial and business circles fh tho colony. It was hoped tbat tlio loan would havo como about, uud by tbo moans o, thiB money tbo Government would bo ublo to go on with pnblio worta, und in this way bring about a royival in 1 10 drooping trodo of tho colony. Tho (ailnro o, tlio loan dashes Una liopo to. tbo ground, nnd gives zest and forco to the despondency that lias hold a prominent placo in business circles for somo time past. Thoro is no over-estimating tbo serious character of tho nows, and it has beon seized upon by tho onemies of tho Government to justify a deal of sovoro criticism. Tho Go- veromonfc ore censured for placing tho loan on tho market at tho timo they did, and are hold ro- BnonaihlD /nr wlmllv ylnynn:../ 4I._ ... ,1-t colony. There oin bo no doubt, sooiiig tho turn things havo taken, tbo Government mado a mis- tako to seek to negotiate tho loan ; but, I pro- sume, tho Government at tho timo occupied a position very similar to that of tho man who stood midway between tho dovil and tho dcon best y n0t nW A Case of rcmarkablo courage in a woman Is related m yesterday's Courier. A man named RoUrt Stanloy Hinktoy had been omployod at Samson Valo by a selector infmcd Brown, but was discharged on suspicion of dis- i!10 ho returned to tho placo during tho obsenco of Mr. Brown. Mrs. i i wll3 not required anyforthor, whereupon lie abusive and swore at her. Ho afterwariln wanl. in it,..!...!... a » . . n lini« v unuinauccu iv iii. lr . Ti muncJ A«noa Green, who is living with Mrs. to hleop all night in tho calf. £Sh/£tfr01",HC wo"W take her to town iinir.ei!if. i r,,g »nr"ii. After attending to her domestic duties Mrs. Brown retired to rest about ? ? „0,' oiriy other occupant o/thohouso tlin nrnw dt , , ,cb ,.u ?nll" 12 months ohl,ond tho nearest neighbour being fully a mile away. Bbo soon went to Bleop, but about 11 o'clock, sho !Sii'iMS awakened by hearing tho front hMf k bouse, which is fastened by a woodon bolt, burst in. In her alarm sho sat up in bed and screamed out. Soon afterwards tho ac- cusca camo into hoc bedroom, and plaoing ono hand on her mouth and tho othor onliorchesfc forced her backwards. A violent struggle on- sued. Freeing herself from tho man's grosn. 6ho jumped oat of bed and seized a carpenters hammer. Tlio man advanced towards her and sho struck him in tho faco with tho hammni and then jumped back. Sho then told him tbat if bo did not leuvo tho room sho would shoot him. Sho explained afterwards, however that sho had nothing to shoot him with." She now lighted a candle, and tho man. uttcrimr 1 oath, slunk out of tho house. When sho screamed out on tho man entoriog hor bed- room ho said to her, ' Hold your noiso or I'll wou,S tCLtd"" r, again talonm! flu, dow."" "S| A from a window going away on tho following morn' Sif£fioo'I.5S?a''y- Bail ,v,u llo"oa' w,n- oach rcspeetablo sureties of £50 Very comforting is a basin of nice hotennn " na", b btaincd overy morning at LaraE imM,',.m? i i'"!"t nooma. " largo number of lunJieons nod teas aro served up each day afc this establishment, tho excollont quality of what iitod l)0"'B wcl1 ta»«» appmci' "ivt" iea A tzlxojuu from Auokland, dated Juno 10. says that a bill for the establishment of labour eourts of conciliation has been prepared by tho Government, A btartlino incident occurred at Uio anniver sary services of Uio West United Presbyterian church at Kirriomuir entirely without a parolldd m tho momory of tho oldest Inhabitant. On tho afternoon of Sunday, Cth April, tho minister waft calmly preaching his sormon, when amodom Jonny Goddos, infuriated at ono of tho malo of tho clioir being asloop, hurled her Bible at tho head of tho delinquent from tho gallery whore sha was silting. Tho Biblo missed tho sleeper, hut struok tho shoulder of another man In tho choir, who started up amazed. Tho minister becamo polo, paused in his discourse, and oxclaimcd, "What's wrong?" "Tho Biblo struck tho wrong ruan," she cried, rising up in fr pew. although her frionds vainly attomptcd to hold her down, "'twas meant to waukentho sinfa slcapor." Strange to say, all present retained their gravity, not tho ghost of a emilo becoming apparent on tho faocs of tho infinitely tloklod and astounded congregation. The Now South Wales Public Works Com- mltteo hold Its final mooting lost week, when a report was presented and adopted showing that during tho past two years 82 works, representing a proposed expenditure of £9,287,042, were considered. Of these tho committee had dealt with 31 works, represent- Ing an estimated total cxpondituro as proposed by the Government of £8,745,942, and as Xrocommendod by Uio committco of £6, 1110,112. Tho committco approved of tho construction of 14 of tho works as rcforred to it, involving an oxpondlturo of £8,723,812, and 7 works wore rccommondod to bo carried out in an amended form at a cost of £2,524,800, instead of at a cost of £1,160,000, as originally proposed. Tho construction of tho remaining 10 of tho 81 works, reprcsonUng a proposod oxpondlturo of £871,230, the committco had not Uiouglit fit to recommend, and for reasons fully stated in tho reports. Those results clear tho commtttco's business paper of ovary work referred to it for inquiry, with Uio solitary oxcoptton of tho pro- posed railway from Glon Innos to luveroll, estimated to cost £192,000. The Emperor William prosontod in Borlin on Saturday, 18th April, now colours and standards to various regiments, including the Ziothen Hussars, of which tho Duko of Connaught is Honorary Colonal. . After tho consecration in the chopol, tho Emporor mounted his horse and addressed tho marshalled troops. Tho ceremony was followod by a grand military banquot, when the Emperor in toosUng tho regimants whom ho had just honoured romindod bis hearers ho could not havo choson a more momcutaus day for tho act, seoing that it wcb on tho 18th of April that tho Elector Frcderiok I., of Brandonbcrg waB enfeoffed with tho Mark, and it wa9 also tho sarao dato 870 years ago whon Luther before tho Diet of . Worms pronounced tho immortal words, " Hero I aland, I caunot do othorwiao, God help mo, Amen," words which were destined to bo fnU of moaning for tho future of Prussia, Moreover, it wqb on tho 18Ui April, 1864, that Princo Frederick Charles captured tBo redoubts of DUppcl from tho Danes. Tho Emperor con tinued:— "It was on tho 10th of January that tho first King of Prussia put the crown on his head, and it was also on tho 18th of January that tho now Gorman Empire was established at Versailles. It has boon tho soldiers and the army, not Parliamentary majorities and decisions, that havo wolded tho German Empire together, and my confldenco rests on Uio army. Wo live In serious times, and hard trials may bo bofore us in coming' years ; but I remind you Of tho words delivered by my lato grandfather iq tho . presence of his officers at Cablontz, whon ho said, ' These are tho gentlemen on whom I rely.' That is my belief and confldenco too. Whatever may caino, wo will hold our colours and our "traditions high, mindful of tho words ofAlbort Aohillos, 1 1 know no more rBpoctablo placo to dio than in tho midst of ray onomies.' This is the hcartfolt conviction of all Prussian officers, and my nnshakablo reliance on tho fidelity, tho coarogo, and tho dovotion of my array and tho regiments of whom I havo prosontod colours to day." On tho conclusion of his Msjosty's ad- dress Uio company broko out into onthusiastio cheers, while flourishes of trumpets were given by tho military hands, which performed a selec tion of mnsle during tho tyanquut. It may bo well to add (tho Standard 's correspondent says) that tho speech, if it Bccms somowhut warliko, was delivered before Prussian ofllcois and on a purely military occasion. Sato the Western 8tar of 8aturday last— By the English ' mail Mr. Kates received from Messrs. Robinson and Co., Limited, Rochdale, tho satisfactory news that tho manufacture of Lha roller plant for tho Roma flour mill was well in hand and that they would spare no troublo to turn out first class machinory, equal to tho best over introduced into any of tho Australian colo- nlos. Tosavo tlmo tho machinery will bp sont by steamor direct to Brisbano, probably by tho Tysor lino, Tho Sydnoy agent of Messrs. Robinson and Co., undor dato of May 27, also write to Mr. Kates as follows : " My firm etato you irill receive good valuo for your inonoy, and that Uioy will make you a good job Uiat will provo 'satisfactory in every respect." IIo also says " £ am pleased to inform you that Messrs. Fry and Co:, Limited, Melbourno, for whom wo ereeted a thoroughly comploto roller plant, In a now mill at Donald, in Victoria, 18 months ago, havo just. ordered us to convort thoir mill at Ballarat to a full roller plant of 10 bags per hour. They advise us and havo shown our representor ' tivo tho totals that wo wore tho highest tenderers by a considerable amount out of seven tenders, , but that thoy had given us tho ordor reloly because of tho first cIosb manner in which their Donald mill has workod. Messrs. Fry and Cowan havo b!z mills, two of which arorollor plants, and other combinations, and as tho daily returns are kept in Melbourno in a thorough and " and accur&to; manner, enabling them to compare at a moment's notico, no bettor criterion can bo possible." Tho above shows that Mr. Kates acted wisely when selecting Robinson and Co.'s firm for tho supply of his Roma milling plant. The Now York correspondent of tho Mel bourno Leader, writing under dato April 25, says that on tho deck of a steamer about to leavo for Germany, a man shot his swccthoart, who was about to loavo him, and then shot him- . self. Both ballots found thoir billets; tho deaths wore instantaneous. On tho samo day, not ten miles distant, a man called upon tho girl who had rejected him, and after vainly endeavouring to induco her to recant, ho used a pistol, first upon tho girl and thon upon himself. Bho will probably recover, but ho is as dead as tho traditional door nail. Tho guests at a wedding-supper in ono of tbo Western Statos wore mysteriously poisoned ; throo of them havo died, and others are In a precarious condition, bat tho most expert chemtats havo thus far failed to find any poison in tho food or drink served' at tho sapper. A young German, who wished to buy ft milk farm near Now York, was deeoyed by a man, who said ho had such a placo to sell, iuto a lonoly spot in tho forest, where ho was shot and robbed. Ho was loft for doad, bat fortunately was found by somo men passing that way an honr or two later, and now lies in hospital with prospect of recovery. Nc trace has been found of his assailant ; the polico think there is somothing connected with tho affair that has not yet been revealed, but there is no xniatakooboottho German having bconserioasly wounded by a pistol ball. A man who hod boon crazed by tho grippo imagined that ho had a decree from heaven to kill tho wifo with whom ho had lived happily for 15 years; ho oxccutcd tho supposed dccreo, and wonders why ho has been arrested for it. Another crazy victim of tho grippo lias killed his two children and seriously wounded his wifo. and there havo been a dozen or more suicides from tbo same causo. - People are saying that the Toowopmha Permanent Bonofit Building and Investment Society, established for 14 yoors, lathe outat and best Society for borrowers. J£2s.Gd. fortn'ghtly payments on loans of £20, and fiorrowora shore in tho thus moking interest on loons not more than 8 por cont. 7j Forms for tho registration of dogs may bo had at the Chronicle Office, Margarot-Btroot. 