THE HOLY OOAT AT TREVES THE HISTORICAL EVIDENCE, "The Holy Gout at Treves" formed the subject of an address which was delivered last evoning at St. Patriok'a College, before the members of the sodality, by the Rev, iBaao Moore, 3, J, The reverend leoturer said that with respect to devotional relica two things were to be kept distinct, the one being of principle and the other of faot, Why it had pleased Almighty God to cause the mortal remains of His saints, and objects oloaely oonnectod with themi to exercise the power they did exercise we did , not know. The fact that it was so was abso. lutely certain. There was the case recorded in the Old Testament of the prophet ISlisha, who died and was buried, and of the corpse springing to life again when it touched the bones of the holy man. The church did not pretend to explain the reason of this further than that as the body of the faithful was the temple of the Holy Ghost during this life, the body and anything connected with it became an object of peouliar sauctity after doath. Then there was the second instance narrated in the Aots of the Apostles, that the garments taken from the body of St, Paul commanded evil spirits, Consequently, ati to the principle of relics there could be no doubt. There could be no doubt bb to the propriety of exhibiting the mortal remains of the saints of God as objects of religious veneration, The brazen sarpeut of Moses, which was preserved and treated as an objeot deserving of religious reverence, was in the reign of Hezekiah, about 720 B o,, broken up beoauae it had become an object of super stitious reverenoe. The early church con tinued the praotice of the veneration of relics, and the remains of the holy martyrs were venerated in that way. The lateat utterance of the ohuroh on the subject was that of the Oounoil of Trent, whioh in ita twenty-fifth session commanded that the relics of the saints should be honored and venerated by the faithful, that through them many favours might be granted by God to man. That was the teaching of the infallible ohuroh, which no Catholic could doubt. Coming to the Holy Goat now being exhibited at Treves, it was better deaoribed aa a garment, being very similar to that worn by modern Arabs, At one time Treves was the headquarters of the Roman dominion in Belgio Gaul, and was very far from being the obaoute place it ia now, To the church of that city the Empress Helena, in the fourth century, gave this gar ment of our Lord. She undertook a pil grimage to Jerusalem for the express purpose of finding memorials of our Lord's pasaion. Excavations were made at Calvary, and three orosses were found buried there conformably to the oustom of the Jews, Who was to tell whioh of these was that of our Lord, and which were those of the thieves crucified with Him ? A teat was applied, A woman who lav ill in the oity was brought and made to touch each of the crosses. Two of thorn were without eSeotj the third healed her, There could be no doubt about it now. It was probable that the Empress had many antiquarians in her train, and it might be taken for granted that proper care was used to guard apainat imposture, Many memorials of the passion were obtained, and this garment was amongst them. It might be naked, "Why was this garment kept,?" Surely the question should rathec be " Why should they not keep it?" Among ourselves, when a great poet or other great man died, did we not venerate every memorial of him ? Even the rooms which Byron used in Newetead Abbey were Btill kept untouched. Whut won der was it that every memorial of our Lord and Saviour Bhould be oavefully treasured and deeply venerated? A little while ago antiquHiana discovered in Egypt aome remains of the pharoabs, and amongst them the wind ing-sheet of a Ramusea who lived at least 2,000 years before Christ, That garment was now m the British Museum, Out of the 80 millions of people in the kingdom perhaps not more than 10 were fully competent to examine into the historical evidence as to the authenticity of that relio, yet the verdict of those 10 uvea was aocepted, and properly accepted, Now, the Holy Goat was discovered before the daya of printing, or of telegraphy, and when asked where was the evidence for it, the answer was, "The avidenoa for it ia that it ia there, and the tradition about it haa been preserved." That was the evidence for the Holy Goat, There were great men in the church at Treves in the fourth century, and it Wfta too absurd to auppoao that thuao men conapired to defraud, {t was too absurd to auppoaa ihut the limpreaa Helena would lend heraelf to a fraud, Such a supposition could not be admitted with respect to any other historical memorial, What were the results of these pilgrimages to Treves? The results were found to be the oreating of an intense devotion, and causing men to change their liven by bringing prominently before them the Bufferings of Ghriat and teaahing them what the duties of Christianity were. The church inaiated upon the prinoiple, but it did not declare the absolute authenticity of any particular relic, A Gatholio would, he considered, be rash to doubt the authenticity of the Holy Goat, bi}t auch doubt would be indecorous rather than sinful on his part, Argus, 