AQTL POPTJLIo ' ,| Bt The Flaneur. Old man Parkes is 'on the wallaby' once again. With his battered old ' billy' in hand and his tattered 'bluey' packed fall of praise for him self and abuse for foes and friends alike, he started down South on a sorb of pilgrimage to the shrine of that ancient fraud the Kiama Ghost. Why he uorehimsalf away from the congenial sooiety ofi his parrot and monkey menagerie at; Balmain is difficult to understand, considering how ardently he has been sighing forre3t of late, but possibly Sir Henry is never so much at rest a3 when he is stumping the country for the purpose of stirring up political feuds and rancour. His remarks on the present crisis were scarcely up to the intelli gence of the monagerie referred to, while the vulgar Billingsgate abusa he heaped upon those who differed from him wculd raise a blush ou the cheek of the most depraved baboon in the whole collection. A Nowra resident, for instance,: was iaformed that he was 'one of those creatures who did not belong to human nature,' another was set down aa *- ' an escaped lunatic from Victoria,' while a third after being ordered to ' shut up,' was told that the best thing he could do would be to ' go out side and get drunk and get taken to the watch house' as he was ' fit for no other purpose.' ', That style ok scurnJous blackguardism miguttaKe . well amongst the ' black-red push' at Balmain, but it is scarcely the thing we might oxpect from ^ the refined lips of one who aspires to be a Chester- \s fieldian statesman and a poet of the sweet ^ Arcadian order. X At the noble and commanding city oE Gerring gong, with its teeming population o£ over !?& souls and several Chinese gardeners, Sir Henry, assisted by Lady Parkes, inspected a butter fac tory, and judging from the lavish, manner ia ' which he subsequently plastered the Gerringon geeee with their own butter he muat have caused a considerable rise in the price of that useful com modity. For a reason which, all married men who have travelled much, with their wives will under stand and appreciate, Sir Henry confined his f- buttering ap' to the men oO Gcrringong,, ' amongst whom/ he declared, ' a strong love of truth and freedom existed as great as that found iu any class of men . : beneath the sun.' Hampden, Kosciusko, Wil- i liani Tell, Brutus and many other champions of freedom were natives of Gerringong, or thej7 would have been if the matter were optional with them— while be could attribute his own unswerv° ing love of truth to the fact that he was reared oe Gerringong butter, and that in hia capacity as a man and a father he always asked his grocer for Gerringong butter, and he took religious care that no other brand was passed off upon him. Ifc did his soul good to see the stability of the men o£ the sturdy South, and hoping they would excuse his dropping into poetry he would conclude with the words of ft sweet little thing oO hia own-~ 1 would ask you now without stop or 8tutt«r; . !!' Braathos thoro a man with soul so tloud S£e 'Who in ii li.'i.sh-liouao ever :micl, if- ' (tiintuo olcomai'Kuriuo on my broad,' '*;,, W lieu ho could havu had good Uorriugoug butter ? -.',' Never ! Perish the thought ! He would sweep such a traitor to the winds, and his motto would ever be, ' Give me liberty or give me debt !' At Nowra Sir Henry modestly observed that he stood there ' filling a place which no other msa ' in Australia could fill,' after which he expressed his ' unbounded surprise at the anxiety of some men to stick to oflice.' To hold on to office with . , a barnacle grip was a thing he could never — well, hardly ever — do, especially when colonial credit was bad and the Treasury empty ; but at the same time hia profound patriotism would pre- / vent him from shrinking from office in future,, 1 especially as no useful legislation could be ex- \ pected from the men who were nor/ in power or ) those who were striving to supplant them. He j could have been iu office to-day ' bub he refused j to submit to the degrading dictates of tho Labour | Party.' After this Sir Henry explained a new ? reform scheme of forming labour colonies (which |) he stole from ' Bunkum. ' Booth and Booth stole' ) from ' Lieut.' Smith) which would find u}'Pj^j} meu(i fyr $% «?m! ^U30 ^ ' wtQ wosHtaiii \\\\- \ man ' to go down on his knees eeventy timc3 a day and bleBS the name of Parkes.', And then, the butter being ' off,' tho good old man gave his bloseing to all present and returned to Sydney in time to show he does not intend to ' shrink from office ' any longer. The solemn truth about all this trouble stands thus : Sir Henry did submit to the dictates of the Labour Party, for it was to gain that Party's support that he dropped the Federation business like a hot potato. He deliberately placed his lemon in the labour Party's squeezer and left it there until he found that a change of colleagues was desirabla, as sotne of the old team were kicking over the traces badly, and besides it was necessary that a new man should carry the colony's little bundle to the London pawnshop this time and fill the Treasury till with the pro ceeds of a new loan. When that was accomplished ho would Ehrink from office no longer, but return ing to his old perch he would proceed to rquander the new loan in costly work3 of ' igh hart' as usual. To his great surprise, however, he has just discovered that the country is very tired of Parkes and intends to do without him, and be yond doubt it was the fear cf being left out in the cold at last that impelled him to rush off to spread the Gerringoug butter and explain his stolen labour colony scheme to the truthandfree dom loving men of Nowra. But the Old General has woke up too late 5 his former officers are leaguo^ against him and are aspiring after instead of shrinking from office themselves, and history may repeat itself when the veteran holds out his hat ?with the 'plaintive cry, Dale obolum Bdisario ! e* Give your mite to Belisaiias !' Treasurer See's proposal to reduce the tax on tea is a first- rate thing in its way, but why Boi go one better and place a thumping tax on our abscn-tees — tho men who draw their millions from us without giving a cent in return, and who with the real dog-in-the-manger spirit would keep some of our choicest lands locked up till tbe Day of Judgment rather than reduce the exorbitant rates they ask for them by one farbhing ? Wo Go vernment can claim to do justice to the people until it places a crushing tax on the useless grasp ing absentees. There is a story told showing how firmly town life enters into a child's ideas. A clergyman was telling a little girl— a Sydney girl, no doubt— aU about heaven, and the garden of Eden, and the stately trees, and charming flowers, etc., when the tiny one broke in and said, ' Ah, what a lovely place that must have been ! But it was a very long time ago, and I s'pose it's all built over by now.' Evidently she had been through a land boom, and had noted the jerry-builder at work on his acres of rabbit-burrow terraces and cand'e box cottage homes for the people. ? As a sample of how land grows in Sydney we find that what is known as the ' Eiley Estate' was purchased in the ' good old days' by Mrs. Ann Eiley for .£7000, and possibly the lady's friends had then some doubts ag to her sauoness. She was quite correct, however, for in 1835 (ten years after Mrs. Riley's purchase) the ground was valued at-£100,000. Twenty-two feet frontage of one of the bye- streets was sold not long ago at a figure which would give a present value for the original block of a few thousand short of three million pounds steiTng. Estates even more valu able than thcEO are now held by absentees who draw theii rents with a punctuality which is beautiful to bahold, but they hand the colony never a dump in return. Mr. See rrai3t see to this if he wishes to retain the confidence of the people. This is'not all the trouble by a hatful either, for we find that 520 persons hold one-balf of the alienated lands of this co!ony to-day, and it is the far more valuable half tbat they hold too. On9 private firm — Dalgvety and Co. — holds no leas than 7-J- million acres of the public estate of New South Wales, and 18 banks and similar institutions have the grip on nearly 40 million acres more. Ab3onte3 Sir Samuel Wilson holds by 1c»bo and license 2,711',0G9 acres , o? Crown lands — including the famous Dunlop estate — for which ho does not pay, on the average, three-halfpcuce per aore per annum. The whole of this business is rotten throughout Australia, and it is just about time some true patriot came forward to re-echo Michael Da vi fit's thundering roar, ' The Land for the People ! ' I don't know whether others have noticed it or not, but to me it ha3 bean painfully apparent of late that a great wave of trouble and trial has swept across the land. Few have escaped the scourge of allliction's chastening rod in some shape or other, and it will be long before the sad memories of this fateful year will bo obliterated. Death on the pale horse has ridden through our ranks dealing big terrible blows on every side, cutting down old and young with relent less hand, and leaving voids that can never bo filled again. Amongst the latest sufferers in this way is our sturdy old friend the ' King ~o£ Lontbj' who hau just sustained the greatest earthly Io3s that can foil on man — the loss of a good devoted wife. It is as though his right hand were withered 5 as if one wing of his guar dian angel were broken, and every movement brought the spirit nearer to tho ground. The sorrower's eyes are dimmed and glossy ; his foot steps are unsteady now that the gentle guide has gone, and when the film of death comes o'er him he misses those loving tones which would have smoothed his passage to the grave. Scores of late have found themselves suddenly afllictod as the old pioneer of the Darling is to-day, and there is no real comfort for them now except that found in the inspired words — ' Blessed are the d;ad who die in the Lord — that they may rest from their labours, for their works follow them.' 