A FINAL RECKONING* A TALE OF BUSH LIFE IS AUSTRALIA. By G. A. HEN'TY. < HAjPTER XVin.—Serrij: g Accounts. ivuuDen Eoon cnecKcu the speed ot his horse. Anxious ns he was to arrive tis toon as possible, he night, for aught he kuew, jet have occasion to try the atumal to the utmost, and he there fore reduced the almost raciug pace at which he had started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up the space without flagging. Then they were allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, and then started into the pace, half cantor, half gallop, which is the usual rate of progression of the colonial horse?. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Donalds* station) a mile or so distnut, could bo per ceived. “ Thank God.” Reuben muttered to himself, “I am Kick here a*, last. There is no occasion “for further hurry.” and the horses were allowed to go at an easy walk. 4* Man on horseback,” Jim suddeuly said, touching RouWn’s arm. “ Where—where, Jim ?” 44 Gone from do house, sob. trough dem trees. Dare he go again, he gallop fast.” Reuben had not caught sight of the figure, pressed his spars against the horses sides. “ 1 wiil see who it is, nt any rate. Jim, «o you ride straight on to the house and say I shall bo there iu a few minuti a.” As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his course would probably intersoct that of the horseman riding in the direction Jim'had pointed out, ho turned over rapidly in his miud tbo thought whether hia anxiety for Kate Elliton was not making a fool of him.^ Why should he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full on the track of tb:» figure of which Jim had caught only a glance? It might be a stock man or someone who had riddeu over from one of the neighbouring Marions to eoo how Donald was celling on; but even so, he told himself, no harm was done by his assuring himself of that. It was not the way Mr. Darker would take to his station: had it been a neighbour who had cotne orer he would not bo likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables would be riding away in defiance of his orders on no account to stir any distance from the Presently he caught a glimp«e of the horse man. Ho was not more than half a mile away now, hut the view he obtained was so instonta he could not distinguish any parti ‘‘He is riding fast, anyhow.” ho said— faster than man would travel on ordinary trosjnoss. He is cither a messenger sent on ortrent business, or it is Thorne.” He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travel ling must take him ahead of him nt the point vJcr® Reuben had calculated upon cutting him a ®kort distance ho would get a view of him, for the tree* ended here and the plain was open and unbrokeu save by low bush. When the figure came dear of the tree* he was but a quarter of a mile a way, and iceubea gave a start, tor he recognised at once the uniform of his own cerps. It could only beoneoftho men left at Donald’s, and, with an exclamation of auger, Reuben pressed his horse to the utmost in* pursuit of the man. who was now almost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a loud ! The man glanced back, but to Reuben’s turprire, instead of stopping, waved his hand above his head and presses forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben was beside ** What oo you mean ?*' he. thundered out. Hut the man pointed ahead. ** Ho has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Drown dead. I will tell you after* wards. There, do you we, air, over that brow At the moment Reuben saw a figure on hone* back rise against the akv-Une fully two miles in front. “.Hide steadily. Smithson,” he said; ** keep me xn view,.and I will keep him. We must overtake him in time, for his horse is carrying double. I shall push on. for I am mounted than you are, and ho may try to double and throw us off his traces. If any thing happens to me don't atop for a moment, but hunt that fellow down to the end.** Reuben had been holding his horse somewhat m hand daring the last mile, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable’s strange conduct, bathe now let him go, and urging him. to bis full speed, soon left the con stable behind. He knew that for some dis tance ahead the country was flat and unbroken, and that the fuptive would have no chance of concealment which ever way he turned. Upon reaching the spot where be had seen the bush ranger pass the wide plain opened before him, and be gave a shout of exultation as he saw that he had ganed considerably. The fugitive, indeed, had evidently not been presung his hone. He think* he has a long journey before Hm,” Reuben muttered, “i fancy he’s mis taken. He thinks he’s only got a ooustable after him, and that he can easily nd himself ot him whenever he comes up to him. Xo doubt he learned from some of the convicts that everyone is away, and therefore thinks himself safe from all pursuit when once ho has wiped out Smithson. All the better. I shall over* take him all the sooner.” Such indeed was the view of the bushranger, who kept along at a steady canter, troubling himtelt verr little about the solitary constable whom be believed to be in pursuit of hjm When, indeed, on glancing round he saw his pursued was within a quarter of a mile of him, he reined in his horse, and turning, calmly awaited his coming. Reuben at once checked the speed of his hone. He knew that the man was said to be a deadly shot with his pistol, but he was con fident in his own skill, for, with constant and arsiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous proficiency with his weapon. But he did not care to give his foe the advantage which a man sitting on a steady seat pomsses over one sitting in the saddle of a galloping horse; he therefore advanced only at a walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed to* fear caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted: 4* Look here, constable ; you h&d; best turn your horse's head and go home again. You know well enough that one constable ia no match for me, so you h&d; best rein up before I put a bullet in your head. If you shoot vou are just as likely to kill the young woman here as you are me, and you know I don't make any mistake.” Reuben was already conscious of his disad vantage in this respect, lor the bushranger held the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her body completely covered hi*. She was enveloped in a shawl which covered her head as well as her figure. Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with hU left arm, ; while his right was fr^e to use a pistol. Reuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while be thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thome, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom he h&d; to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex elamaticn, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. 44 Oh, it‘s you, ii ithe said; ” I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all tny mates are down “ Your mates will never bo down on anyone again, Tom Thorne,” Reuben said sternly. “We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner.” “It’s a lie!” the bush ranger said furiously. “They are two hundred miles away in the “With your friend. Bobitu, eh? Yot they were, but they arc not now, Thorne. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's 1 who am going to have help, not ycu. My men will be up in a few minutes,” and he glanced round at the constable, whom the bush-ranger uow perceived for the first time less than naif a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were in tended to excite. They filled the bush ranger with fury and desire lor vengeance, while the sight of the appro&chiuc; constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures ho would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to his horse and dashed at Reuben. When within twenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp pain os ii a hot iron had been passed across his cheek. Thorne uttered a shout of exultation us he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to fire. In an instant Reuben discharged his pistol, and the bush* ranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Reuben’s bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thorne drew a pistol with his left liana, and tbo two shots rung out again at al most the same instant Reuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet Phased through the bush-ranger’s body, while Thome’s pistol was diverted some what from its aim. and the ir.nilet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his hC^t *n an instant he had drawn another pistol. 44 Surrender, cr I fire !” and then seeing by the change in the luahnuiger’s face and bv hts collapsing figure, that he was ladly hit he waited, still keeping Thome covered with the muzzle, for the bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which hettill grasped iu lus left T'wice Thorne tried to rafse it, but in vain. ' Then he reelei in the saddle, the pistol droi-Tied < from his hand, aud he fell heavily over on the , ground. Reubenjat once leaped from his horse am! ran \ to raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless on i the ground as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he found \ she was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he j raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute i later the constable galloped up. J 41 Badly hurt, captain?" he asked as he * Piifoisted by special arrangement with the author. < leaped off his horse, for tho blood was st mim ing down Reuben's face, and his left arm hung uscli u. “Nothing to spoak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in tho holster ; just bring it here and sprinkle her faco. I hope she is only stunned: hut that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well be badly hurt.” '* Is ho dono for, captain the man asked, glancing at tho prostiato figure of the bush ranger os he proceeded to obey Itcubcu’s in structions : ** beouuse if you ain’t certain about it. I had better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing ’possum and then turning the tables upon you." "There is no fear of that, Smithson; he’s hard hit. I hope he’s not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was somo time Ivforo Kate Ellison opened her eves. 1'or a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben’s face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. “ What is it, Captain Whitney? Aro you badly hurt?" “'l'hank Got! yon have recovered. Miss Ellison. You began to frighten mo horribly. I wai afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure vou I ain not much hurt; only a flesh wound, I fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar- bone.” "And you havo saved me again. Captain Whitney?” 11 Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune," Reuben said quietly, “ and this time for good, for Tom Thorne will never molest you “But can’t Ido something? Your face's bleoding dreadfully. Please let me hind it up," and tearing off the bottom of her diers, she proceeded to bandage Reuben’s face. The constable took off the black silk hand kerchief which ho wore round his neck. “ I think, miss, this will make a sling for his arm, and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do you think you can rido back, sir?" he asked when he find fastened the handkerchief, 1 or will you wait till I ride back to the farm and fetch help?” “ I can tido well enough,” Roulifn said, trying to rise to his feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the | wound was a more serious one than he had ! imagined. “No, I don’t think I can rido back, Smithson." i “ There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison said : “please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain Whitney till you come back.” “I think that will be the best way miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at onc«. It was an hour and a half beforchc returned, bringing the cart: but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, I the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. Whilo they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. “I did as you told me. Captain Whitney, I and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out. and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing np the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He Caught me by the wrist and said, ‘Come along, it’s no use screaming.’ Mrs. Barker caught np something and rnahed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt end of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, which was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught mo up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. 1 heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so mnffied up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no nse to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie qnite still as if I was still in sensible. till he put me down, and then—I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if 1 cculd not kill him to kill myself. There did not seem tho least hopo of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I sup poaed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and from tho distance you said you were going, I did not think you oould be back for days. Presently I felt him stop and turn his none, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible; but I could not he sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and 1 did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where tho bushrsngen were.” “ No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Mias Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrsngen altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner, hut all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance is not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles* march ana two sixties. We attacked them at daybreak on the third day alter leaving." " Bnt it is only the fourth day to-dav, is it not? At least it seems so tome.” ” It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader ot the gang was not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So westarted at onoe, and, after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterhole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second night out. Of course the horse I had ridden oould travel no further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses which we had taken from the bushrangers, and which had been led solar. We made another forty miles by midnight, ana then halted till daybreak to give the horsed rest, but they were so done uptha morning that we could not get them much beyond a foot pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said qnietlv: “ Thank yon. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me ?" " I had, as you see, good reason to be uneasy. Miss Ellison At this moment a horse’s roots were heard approaching, and J im galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint Mrs. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband : but the dead body of the con stable by the door and tho disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until he met the constable returning he had been obliged to follow tho track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its con lusioo. He uttered exclama tions of dismay at seeing his master’s condition, for Reuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to hia own comforts as well as to the jiossibility of its being required, lie now knocked off the neck and poured some iuto the cup of Reuben’s flask and put it to his *• Thank you, Jim ; that is just what I wanted.” “ Masai lie down quiet," Jim said, “ no good sit up ;” and gathering a large bunch of gTass he placed it under Reuben’s head, and Reuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr. and Mrs. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her full that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. “ Thai’s right, my poor child.” Mrs. Barker said : “ a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue.” “ I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almost a miracle/* “ Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground whenever he’s wanted. He seems hurt badly. The constable said it was a broken collar-bone, but it must be something a good deal worse than that." “ Oh. don’t tay so, Mrs. Barker, after what ho’s done for me. If he were to die!" “There, there, don’t tremble so, child; we must hopo that it is not so had as that; but be would hardly he looking so bad ss he does for onlya broken collar-bone. My husband broke his one day the homo ran away with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. “ Is he badly hurt, do you think, John r” she asked her husband who was kneeling besides Reuben. " I hope not," the settler said. “ He ought not to be like this only from a wound in the collar bone ; but of course it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anything—the reaction after a tremendous jervous excitement.” He has ridden s hundred and fifty miles linen .'•'•terday morning," Kate said," “ and ... "vo fights besides this. Directly he mew thatth 'leader of the bushrangers bad '• Uli! Uiey cbu^ -tit tile bustinuiger*, uiu hey?” "lire Barked “J « fraid by his getting bat* hey must have missed thu^1 . . , ’ ound they were on the wrong * s ss ridden all the way back, has u ' ealoue officer, Min Ellison, s ver, oung offioer indeed.” But Kate ». nxious and shaken to mark the significance OI It. Barker’s tone. "Don’t tease her.” his wits said in a low I oice. “ She is terribly onset and shaken, and j 1 in hardly stand. Ahl what is that?” | Tho interruption was caused by a low groan j from the fallen bushranger. 14 Shoot him dead, sib,’ Jim, who was aunpojting bis master's head, exclaimed. I 44 Don’t let dat follow coin© ’livo no longer.” I “ I can’t do that, Jim,” Mr. Bar er said, moving towards the fallen man. | “Tho man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber; but bo is harmless now. Ono cannot wish he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against hiai to hang him ten times over. However, wo must do wbat we can for the poor wretch.” So saying ho mixed tome brandy with a littlo water iu the cup, and j»cured it botweeu the bushranger's lips. “Is it mortal;” Mrs. Bicker asked as ho re* joined her. “ I think so,” he said ; 411 fancy he is shot through tho lungs.” “ A ou must really sit down, Miss Ellison ; vou look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you ouour hands just uow. Wo have got them pretty full as thev are. Ah ' hero conies thocart.” The constable hnd put a quantity cf straw in the bottom of tho light cart, and Barker and Jim raided Reuben aud laid him in it. “ W© must taku the oth?r too,” Mr. Barker said ; " the man is alive, nnd we can't leave him 44 A es,” Kate said ; 44 he roust go too. lie did Kcubcn a great wrong many year* ago. I hope he will confess it btforo he dies.” Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kato used tho young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of tho boy Reuben who had been accused of poisoning her father's dog, aud of comruittinga burglary from his houso. “ Vou had bettor get up in front with tho constable, Miss KUi?on,” the settler said when the two wounded men hAd been placed in the cart: “you certainly aro not tit to ride. Or, look here, tho constable shall tako n*y horso and I wi«l drive, and then 1 can look after you. and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak; but before we start I must insist on your taking a rip of brandy and water. It is no use your saving no.” he persisted as tho girl shook her head. “ We shall have you fainting before you get homo if you don’t.” Kato did as sho was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Reuben’s face. “Oh, Mr. Barker I” she said, 44 ho looks dead. You are not deceiving me, are you V” “ Bless in*, no l” tho settler said cheerfully. 44 My opinion is that hc*e dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sudden re-action after tho long excitement, nnd the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is that be is sound asleep.” ‘•Jim, do you lead your master’s horse, while tho constable ukes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed* up at once for Captain Whitney, and get some dean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the So saying he touched the hone with the whip, and tho cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to see Kate faint, and thought it betlcr to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. Tho journey oc cupied fomo time, for Air. Barker picked the war carefully so as not to jolt the cart, Mrs. Barker eudcavouicd to keep Kate’s attention fixed by asking her questions os to what eho had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of homo she «aid “ I think, desr, you are looking a little better ! now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the j beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong lea ready for ou That will do wonders ” When_ the cart arrived Mr*. Donald ran out. and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. 41 Come straight in here, ray dear,” Mrs. Barker said. “ I have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong ton, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero.” Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as be was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed bad been made up for him in a room on the ground floor. 44 Jast lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, aud let him lie perfectly quiet.” 44 Do you think he is really asleep Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. “I do, really,” her husband replied. “ Put your car close to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly as a child, and,” he added, placing hia fingers on Reuben’s wrist, 14 his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet; twenty- four hours of sleep will set him up again, unless I am grestlv mistaken. I don’t expect that this wound will turn out anythingvery serious. Bet me think. Was it not this afternoon that Ruskin taid he would be back again 44 Yes, either yesterday or to-day.” 44 That is lucky. He will be surprised at find ing two new patients on his hands now. I will go and hare a look at that poor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea; I will pour a spoonful or two between his lip*. You had better go and look after Kate. You will not be needed here at pretent. If your master wakes, Jim, let us knew directly,” he said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. “I can’t call the poor fellow away from hit master/’ be added to his wife as be dosed the door behind them ; 44 but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed. If, as Kate said, she heaxd the captain tell the bush ranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has in deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks hare had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a longtime.” Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water <4 d the tea had the effect Mrs. Barker pro dieted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. “ How is he?” Mrs. Donald asked. 44 In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald; his pulse is quiet and even, and he’s breathing as quietly as a child, and 1 believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, and I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe haved itself, I sec no reason why he ehonldn’t be up to-morrow.” 44 That is indeed a relief to us both/* Mrs. Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her bands in silent thankfulness. 44 And now. how U your husband ? 1 hope he is non© the worse for all this exertion.” “Ho was terribly agitated at first,” Mrs. Donald said. 441 fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course, ho is at weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think ho was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain "Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger.” ! Three hours later, to the great relief of nil, tho i surgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look 1 at Reuben, haring been told all the dxcum stances of tho case, and he confirmed Mr. ■ Barker’s opinion that he was really in a deep “ I would not wake him on any account,” he ■ said: 44it is a great effort of nature, and ho will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of coarse I can't say anything about thewoundtillhedoes. Now for his antagonist.” The bushranger was still unconscious, though ! occasionally broken words camo from his lips. The surgeon examined his wound. 44 He is shot through tho lungs,” bo said, “and is bleeding ; internally. I do uot think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no ono can with it otherwise. It will only save the colony tho expense of his trial. And now for my onirinal patient.” He was some time in Mr. Donald’s room, and when he came out proceeded at onco to mix him a soothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. “ We must get hint off to sleep if we can," he said,44 or wo shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done without paying tho penalty. And now, I suppose, 1 have done,” he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left tho room with tho medicine. 44 Yes, I think so/* Airs. Barker said; “ if you , had como an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under yonr charge, but I think that tho assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medieme than you could give her.” 44 No wonder eho is shaken.” Mr. Raskin re marked. 44 Mrs. Barker tells mo you had a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison.” “ Yes,” she replied. 141 was stunned for a i time, hut beyond being stiff and bruited I axn 1 non© the worse for it. 44 Look hero, Miss Ellison,” tho doctor said, after putting his fingers cn her wrist, 44 X suppose you will want to be about to-morrow when our brave army returns. Now there is nothing you can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse her husband, tho other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will tako charge ot the house, and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning.” “ I could not sleep,” Kate protested. “Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find yea are. restless you can come down for an boor or two; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Sow, Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine mp and put this young lady to bed.” 411 nope she will get off to sleep,” Mn. . *ksreaidwbec she came down-stairs again. ’*»*• bo doubt tkitonr .toot it,” Mr, Ruskm replied. “ I have given her a very ; strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than l ! should think of giving at any other timo: hut after tho tension that the poor girl must kuvo gone through, it would noud a strong dose to take cifect. I think you will hear nothing more of her till tho morning.” Indeed it was not until the sun waa well up tho next morning that Kite Ellison woke. She could hardly beliovo thnt sho had slept all night, but tho eastern eun coming in through her window showed her that she had done so. Sho still felt bruised and shaken nil over, but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and weut downstairs. 44 That's rigid, my dear,” Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. “ You look loony and like yourself.” 44 How are my brother and Captain Whit uoy V” Kate asked. I don’t thiefc Mr. Donald is awnkc yet,” Mrs. Barker replied : *' but Captain Whitney has just gone cut to the *£icd with my husband and the surgeon.” 4'(*«>noout to the shell” Kate repeated in astonishment. 44 Yes, ray dear. Thnt poor wretch out there ta going last. He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. Ho asked for water, and then lay for some timo qnit6 quiet. Then ho s»id, * Am I dreaming, or was it Reuben Whitney I fought with V 4 Yes, it was Cap* tain Heubcn Whitney, our inspector/ the constable replied. 44 For a timo ho lay quiet again, and thon said : 4 I want to set) him.* The constable told him ho was asleep and couldn't be woke. 44 4 Is he badly wounded r* tho man naked. *1 know I hit him' *Xot very badly, 1 hope,* the constable answered. '• When he wakes ask him to come to me,* tho man said. 4 I know I am dying, but I want to sec him first. If he can’t cotno let somebody else I cone.* Tho constable came in ami roused tho doctor, who went out and saw him, and said ho J might live three or four hours yet. £ood after* I wauls, just as tho sun roso, Jim came out to ! any that hi? master was »wak<*. Mr. Kuskin I went into bun amt examined his wound and | probed the course of the bullet. It had lodged ! down just at tho b6ttom of tho shoulder-bone. I am glad to say ho was able to get it out, | When no had done ho told bis patient what the I bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney iu* ! stated upon going nut to him. 44 It woa’t do him any haiui, will it:” Kate i asked anxiously. ■ 44 No, my dear, or Mr. Kuskin would not 1 havo let him go. I saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, aod, except that nasty bandage ovt-r his face, ho looked quite himself again. As I told you, a brckoa collar, bono is a mere nothing, and now wo know where tho bullet went ana havo got it out, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Hero they come again, eo you can judge lor your A very few words passed between Keuben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, who saw how oervous tne girl was, at once began to ssk him questions about what the bushranger had said. “ He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Kuskin and i?mi;h?on have signed. It is about a very old story iu which I waa concerned when a boy. but it is a great gratification forme to hare it cleared up at last. I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison’s father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and waa acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison’s inllucnce exerted on my be half, I fear,” he said with a slight smile, 41 somewhat illegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my lifoifithad not been for Thorne’s confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that ho was con cerned in tho second, although I could not prove it; but he has now made a lull confession, say ing that ho himself poisoned tho dog, and con firming the story I told at the trial.” 44 Oh, I am glad!” Kato exclaimed. 41 You know, Captain Whitney, that I waa sure of your innocence, ’but I know how you must have longed for it to bo proved to tho world. M’hat will you do, Mr. Barker, to make it public F” 441 shall send a copy of the confession, pro jK*rly attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another cony to the paper which, Captain Whitney tells mo, is published there weekly.” 411 suppose there is no hopo for him ?” Kato asked in a low voice. 14 He is dying now,* Barker laid. 41 Kuskin is with him. Ho was fast becoming uncon sdous when we left him, and^Ruakinpaid tha the end was at bn..,, A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with tho news that all was over. 44 Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into your room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. X hadn’t hall time to do it 44 But you won’t want me to lie in bed or any nonsense of that sort Sr” Reuben asked. u I would if I thought you would obey my orders ; but as X see no chance of that, I shall not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall band ago your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the ; shoulder, and when that is dono 1 think you i will be all right” ! There was only one more question which Reuben had to ask with regard to the event of | the preceding day—why it was that Smithson j did not go to his comrade’s assistance. Ho then I learned that Thorne rode quietly up to the back of the house and demounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson waa asleep, having been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece I of wood under the latch of tho door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely j fastened Smithson in, he had gone to the front! of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of hta presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out, and was only released by Mrs. Barker when she recovered from the stunning blow which the bushranger hod struck her. He had then mounted at once and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the party returned from the ! bush, having experienced ho further molesta-1 tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben’s wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume hta duties. Tho complete des truction of the gang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made & vast sensation in the colony, and Reuben gained great credit and instant promotion for his conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Douald was about again, and, as the danger waa now past, he abandoned hta idea of selling hta property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mrs. Donald and her sister three months later. 44 Well, Kate, after all he has done for us, of courBe I have nothing to say against it, and I don’t suppose you would mind if I had; still, I do think you might have done better.” 44 I coula not have done better,” Kate said hotly,44 not if I had had tho pick of the whole colony,” •‘Well, not in one way, my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think it ta a little unfortunate that—we ever anew him before.” ^44And I think it’s extremely fortunate,” Kate said stoutly. 44 If it hadn’t been that he had known us before and cared for me—he says worshipped, but that’s nonsense—ever since I was a child, he would never have m&do; that terrible ride, and I—” 44Oh, dou’t talk about it, Kate; it’s too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt^ it’s all for the best,” Alice said, philosophically. 44 At nnyrate, you arc quite happy, and he ta a noble fellow. But I hope for your sake that he won’t stay in tho police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after’ bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of others left in t)ie colony.” 441 told him so yesterday,” Kate said, shyly. 441 said, of course, that I didn’t want to infiuence him.” Alice broke into a laugh. 44 You little goose, as if what you say doesn’t infiuence him.*’ Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. 44 My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you arc engaged to be married, and the circumstances which you tell me of make it a moat interesting affair. If I wero you I should cut the constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks’ leave. Cotno down to Sydney at once and talk it over with mo. You know I regard you ajs my son, and I am going to have a voico in the matter.” Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Iludaou went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnershipin the chief engineering firm in tho town. When he told Captaiu Wilson what ho had dene tho latter declared that ho had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Reuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the aubiect, • l am one or tno nenestmen in too coionv, he said,44 and it’s hard if I can’t speud my money as I choose.” There ta little more to tell. Reuben became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his business and returned to England and bought an estate not far from I^wes, where ho ta still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied from Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement ta as to which owes most to the other. [the exd.] In ISIS Dr. Arnold discovered in the island of Sumatra a flower which an author has called 44 the magnificent Titan of tho vegetable king dom.” The circumference of the fully-expanded Cower is 9ft., its nectarium calculated to hold nine pints, the pistils are as large as cow’s horns, and the entire weight of the 1 ^oescsn is computed to he 151b. 