SUPERNATURAL INFLUENCE. (London Daily Telegraph, 5th January.) Two curious incidents of recent occur- rence in Russia are certainly calculated to strengthen that deep-seated belief in the direct interference of supernatural influences with the ordinary course of human affairs which still holds its own with the vast majority of mankind, in spite of scientific discovery, popularised education, and all the other modern forces so strenuously exerted to promote human enlightenment. The first of the incidents in question—both of which are avowedly regarded as miracu- lous by the inhabitants of the cities in which they happened—took place a few days ago in St. Petersburg. It is alleged that a priest of the Orthodox Greek Church, carrying with him the Holy Sacrament, called upon a young officer residing in the Russian capital, to whom he stated that he had come for the purpose of administering extreme unction to him at the urgent re- quest of an elderly lady who had visited him—the priest—at his house a short time previously. The officer observed that he had intrusted no one with any such mission ; the lady, whomsoever she might be, had assuredly not been sent by him. "Besides," he added, smiling, "I am in the enjoyment of excellent health, and am by no means preparing for death." Glancing round the room as he was about to take his leave, the " pope" espied the portrait of a lady hanging to the wall. "That," he said, pointing to the picture, " is an exact likeness of the person who came to my house and instructed me to bring the Holy Sacrament hither." " Impossible," exclaimed the officer, " for that is the portrait of my mother, who has been dead for some years." The priest, however, reiterated his statement to the effect that, beyond a doubt, the original of the portrait had called upon him. So deep was the impression produced upon the mind of the youthful officer by this startling and inexplicable assurance that he forthwith partook of the Sacrament. A few hours later he suddenly expired. If the tale, as it has reached us, has been truly told, it must be admitted that history has an indis- putable tendency not only to repeat itself but to repeat fiction; for, if we remember right, the central incident has already been made use of—and perhaps more than once —in tales of imaginative mystery. Of course every link in its chain of indisputable events may have reference to something real, the outcome of purely natural causes, the only wonder of the whole matter lying in the fortuitous coincidence of several such realities. The young man may have been afflicted with some dangerous organic disease, to which he himself attached no importance, while some of his near relatives may have suspected or even been aware of its formidable character. Let us suppose that one of these—say a maternal aunt, bearing a strong resemblance to his de- ceased parent, her sister—fearing that he might be carried off by his mortal malady without having received the last ministra- tions of the Church, to the eternal prejudice of his spiritual welfare, should have betaken herself to the priest, on her own responsi- bility, as a nervous, fanatical woman might well do, and should have implored that reverend person to administer extreme unction to her nephew without loss of time. The subsequent incidents of the narrative, to wit, the fancied recognition of the portrait and the sudden death of a highly, impressionable youth, accelerated by an agony of amazement and superstitious horror, would be comprehensible enough, without ascribing their occurrence to any miraculous intervention or other preter- natural agency. Or the sending of the priest with "the essentials" may have been a cruel practical joke played upon a noto- riously superstitious and sensitive lad by his brother officers, and the ghastly jest may have frightened him into committing suicide. With regard to the other strange story, which comes from Vilna, the " chef- lieu" of Russian Lithuania, the catastrophe that constitutes its chief marvel may, with almost equal probability, be attribu- table to coincidence or to crime. Vulna is an extremely ancient city, in which Catholicism, at one time the predomi- nant creed of its inhabitants, has for some centuries flourished side by side with so- called orthodoxy. It possesses several places of Roman Catholic worship, among them a church of world-wide renown, in which there is a gorgeous and much venerated shrine dedicated to the holy Virgin of Czestochowa. To the chapel con- taining this supreme attraction many thousands of pilgrims annually repair, and a superstition prevails among its innumerable votaries, dooming to a sudden and tragical end any impious person who should seek to destroy or remove the sacred shrine. It would appear that Alexy, the Russian Orthodox Bishop of Vilna, undaunted by this popular belief, recently persuaded the Imperial Government at St. Petersburg to authorise the closure of three of the Russian Catholic churches belonging to Vilna, and furthermore to decree the removal of the image of " Our Lady of Czesto- chowa," so that no more Catholic pilgrimages might henceforth take place within the limits of his diocese. Their decision having, in due course, been officially communicated to Monsignor Audziewicz, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Vilna, his Grandeur hurried off to the capital in order to petition that the order might be rescinded. While he was absent on this pious mission, with little hope of bringing it to a successful issue, his fellow- prelate, the Orthodox Alexy, dropped down dead one day—strickon with apoplexy, it is said—in the Vilna railway station. Not unnaturally, the sudden death of an hereltical priest who had been "miching mallecho" to their sacred shrine, was regarded by the Catholics of Vilna as a retributive visitation and a " fulfilment of doom." As a matter of fact, it gave rise to local excitement of so serious and significant a character that the " powors that be," despite their severe orthodoxy and eagor willingness to persecute the Roman Church, thought fit to postpone the removal of the shrine, lest that inopportune measure should lead to calamitous disturbances. Very likely Bishop Alexy died " by the visitation of God," and would have done so—his time being come to pay the great debt of nature —if he had refrained from meddling with the Holy Virgin of Czestochowa. On the other hand, it is by no means impossible that he may have been poisoned by some unscrupulous fanatic, burning with indigna- tion at the stupid and brutal outrage in- flicted upon the hallowed object of his or her adoration. Religious hatreds run high in such semi-barbarous countries as Russia, and too often prompt unreasoning en- thusiasts to perpetrate atrocious deeds in vindication of the sanctity of their pet idols. " Do evil that good may come of it " is an axiom that recommends itself to the imperfectly-developed intelligence of many superstitious people, who foolishly believe that, in fulfilling some antique prediction they are the chosen instruments of Divine will. That the belief in ghosts and in all manner of " spiritual manifesta- tions" which could only take place if a reversal of natural law were admissible, should be still entertained in our " en- lightened age," is a lamentable proof of human weakness and credulity. The gigantic progress of science, the wide dis- semination of philosophy, the rapid develop- ments of education, have of late years striven stanchly to uproot it, but in vain. At the present moment, in the most civilised countries of Europe, the number of people convinced or even influenced by scientific induction and deduction, compared to that swayed by superstition, is as one to a thousand. Science appeals to intelligent judgment, superstition to imagination. Science proves or disproves by logical processes based on demonstration ; superstition scorns reason and clings to faith, being gifted with that capacity for irrational belief which science utterly lacks. Physiologists, invited to account for spectral apparitions, pronounce them to be the off- spring of indigestion, insanity, optical peculiarities, or liver complaint, and define them crisply as "mental illusions, gene- rated by bodily derangement." Many imaginative persons incline to recognise the "disembodied spirit" as a missing link between the material world, of which they know very little, and the immaterial world, of which they know nothing. Only a few months ago, two gentlemen who—being joint secretaries to the Society for Psychical Research—ought to have known all that there was to be known about ghosts, differed from one another in every essential respect as far as their views of the typical spectre were con- cerned. One of them expressed his conviction that a ghost was " a dead man walking in his sleep"—a definition which, being absolutely unintelligible, was sugges- tive of much assiduous thought and inte- resting speculation. The other eminent " Psychical Researcher'' placed on record his absolute certainty that a spectral appa- rition was "a subjective phenomenon, called into being by the influence, con- scious or unconscious, of one living intellect upon another." This was a very alarming theory; but fortunately for nervous and impressionable people it was nothing more. The wraith who called on the priest in St. Petersburg may have been a " dead woman walking in her sleep," while Bishop Alexy may have been done to death by "the influence of one living intellect upon another." Both these contingencies appear to us equally improbable ; but who shall decide when adepts in psychical research disagree ? 