N'IMPOETK, By J. O. B. As an example of how fresh blood has to be in fused into the British peerage, and fresh titles created to keep that august institution from dying out altogether, a paper gives a list of titles that have become extinct within the last few years. Among them is the dukedom of Buckingham and Chandos, whose late holder, a little over a year dead, ' never took the trouble to get married, and he calmly let his family die out.' This negligent noble was bo determined to be the last of his race that he took with him to the grave half-a-dozen inferior titles, for any one of which American millionaire widows or successful Australian colonists would walk to London with peas in their shoes. It is at once curious and in structive to find that the representatives of some of the oldest houses are as eager to get rid of their titles as parvenus are to clutch them. The world is full of droll things : perhaps the drollest of all is an hereditary peerage, and the people who from time to time make their way into it. * * * * With dreary iteration come two items of news possessing some points of similarity. The trackers are daily asserted to be on the trail of the blacks that murdered the Albury settler, and the American cruisers are stated to be at the heels of the Chilian vessel Itata, which ran away with a United States bailiff. Bailiffs, whether afloat or ashore, are dangerous persons to take liberties with. No matter how hospitable you are, it is impossible to harbour one of these persons in your home without at the same time harbouring a desire to decrease the world's population by one adult and generally frowsy male. Nothing so illustrates the deep-rooted crassness of human nature as the fact that the mere carrying off of oneof thesefunctionaries may lead to international complications. Thus, while running1 away with another's wife is gene rally a relief to the loser, and a future burden to the winner, things change mightily when you start off j with his bailiff. Should the American Charleston { and the Chilian Esmeralda come to pounding each j other, it will be the first time in history that a combat resulted from such a cause. It is one thing J to fight for Helen of Troy, or even for that O'Rourke highflyer immortalised in ' The valley lay smiling before me.' But to fight for a bailiff when thousands of honest men throughout the world have specimens in their dining-rooms whom they'd gladly give for nothing i6 a blot on modern civilisation. « ' * * * Once more there are complaints of cattle's being driven through the streets. Tet it is hard to see fchow the abattoirs can be reached unless the beasts walk or are carried. Indeed, it is clear that walk - the streets they must, either till facilities are pro vided for conveying them, or the slaughter-houses are shifted. At the same time, it is a little hard on early and timorous pedestrians to be overtaken by a mob of unruly animals with fleet limbs and long horns. There is probably no position in life in which a person appears to less advantage or feels more poignantly the instability of human affairs than when seated between- a young, bull's homs, careering wildly through a public thoroughfare. It is a method of locomotion that will never become popu lar. To begin with, the attitude is ridiculous, and, in the case of a fat, sedate man, intrinsically un dignified. Then there is the danger. It is bad enough to be on the horns of a dilemma, but it is certainly preferable to being wedged between those of a bullock fresh from the Blue Mountains and anxious for a little jocularity. Even the apparent safety offered by a adjacent lamp-post, however opportune it may appear to the young and active, is but a poor help to the middle-aged and rotund. A stout, elderly person climbing a pole of any kind invites nothing but derision. It is a question whether it would not be preferable, or at least more consonant with propriety, for him to be seen astride the bewildered beast's neck. It would be impossible and unnatural 'to expect a child to ever again respect a parent whom he saw in either position. To conclude, the custom of driving half-tained creatures through the streets must cease, if only to preserve what little there is of filial affection and respect in the suburban children. * * * * It is well, perhaps, that Australia has the British fleet to fall back upon. Were it not so, Mandarins of three buttons or even of the peacock's feather might now be dispensing justice in Sydney and in Melbourne, ordering this Caucasian to be beheaded and that to be bambooed. And to complicate matters there is now a promise of a serious mis understanding between New South Wales and the Turkish Government. At the Goulburn police court last week one, Dr. Beyts, who happens to be a Mahomedan and a Turkish subject, was not per mitted to give evidence before removing his fez. Ah his conscience would not permit him to take it off, and as the conscience of the Court would not allow him to keep it on, the case in which he was complainant was struck out, while he left the precincts threatening to lay the matter before the Imperial Government at Constantinople. There is no recent information to hand in Sydney regarding the condition of the Turkish fleet. The last heard of the Mussulman ironclads in the Bosphorus was that nothing but their anchors kept them up by steadying them. Some time last year, it is true, anjeffort was made to get up steam, in order to make a demonstration on the occasion of a visit by the Sultan. But as the boilers leaked so that the firemen had to swim the captains took out their Korans, found it was the will of Allah, and ordered the effort to be postponed till a future occasion. That an armada of such a kind should be brought to our shores just because the Goul burn Bench declined to swear a man with fez on, shows how in the midst of life we are always close to death. Oh, and it was at the snme court that a non- commissioned officer in the Salvation Anny was fined £20 for appropriating some iron piping belonging to the Government. What with skull cap kept on and iron piping taken off, a seat on the Goulburn bench is not such a sinecure as it ap pears. * * * * Concerning Theosophy. It was ingenuously stated in one of the interviews with Colonel Olcott that he gave no proofs, as converts didn't require them and sceptics wouldn't believe them. This is not very unlike the answers given by all religious propagandists when asked to perform miracles as evidences of their divine mission. Nanak, the founder of the Sikh faith, for instance, when asked by his followers to work a miracle answered : — 'I have nothing to exhibit worthy of your regard. A holy teacher has no de fence but the purity of his doctrine.' Tet millions of his followers, according to the Calcutta Review (vol. 13, p. 87), 'believe them [the miracles ascribed to him] dogmatically and will die for their truth.' The same with Mahomet. When re quested over and over again to do something out of the common he refused pointjblank, upbraided his i clientele with being unbelievers, said that the Koran was a miracle in itself, and assured them that they had to believe it or he ? . But the Mahommedans of to-day — judging1 by the English historian Gibbon, who was no bad authority on the subject — assert that trees i pulled themselves up by the roots and walked to meet the Prophet, that a camel complained to him, and that a shoulder of mutton told him it was poisoned. Then the Buddhists, whom Colonel Olcott favours, are prepared to swear that their founder restored sight to 500 blind men whose eyes had been torn out, split a log into 500 pieces with one blow of an axe, and jumped his horse over the Ganges where it was two furlongs wide. In a re cent number of Lucifer , the Theosophic magazine, edited by the late Madame Blavatsky, there is a cu rious account of how African rainmakers and Indian mystics perform- their work. But until the rain producers go to some part of the Sahara of Egypt or of South America, where rain has never been known to fall, and bring down a deluge ; or until the Indian wonder-workers turn Tommy AftHng out of the Peninsula bag and baggage, an Agnostic will no more believe in their pretensions than he does in the knock-kneed verses produced at a spirit ualist meeting and assigned to Milton's ghost. The said Agnostic naturally observes, ' if Milton's ghost can't write better than a bush poet, what the mischief does he mean by exposing his ignorance ?' ' Is it a sin,' asked a fashionable lady of her spiritual director, ' for me to feel . pleasure when a gentleman says I am handsome ?' 'It is, my daughter,' he replied gravely; 'we should never delight in falsehood.' 