[?] ' CHAPTER I. -CONMN'UED. with the horrible words she lifted the heavy stone, and struck him with all her'nlight upon the temple. There was one convulsive bound, one gurg ling cry, a spout of hot red blood, and then The woman turned away with a sickening shudder of horror and repul sion from what lay before her. It was vory still too — awfully still — there was no need to repeat the blow. She flung the stono away, took one last backward glance at the sleeping child — one last shuddering gaze at that other still form — then, turned swiftly, and flitted away into the night. Before morning tho storm burst in ram and thunder and wind. A violent storm — too violent to last ; it passed with the night. Tho sun rose in its splendor, and looked down in indes cribable glory on that mo3t awful of all sights — the upturned face of a mur dered man, CHAPTER II. edward warren clifford. The play that night was a French vaudeville, and the theatre was one of the third-rate - order, on- the -Surrey side of tho Thames.' It was one .of those danceable, singable little cope- dies, where the jokes are as broad as they are long, and the seedy actors interpolate lengthy improvisations of their own into the original passages — one of tho short-skirted kind so com mon in these latter days. The gay little vaudeville had had quite a lengthy run, this was its last night, and the house was crowded. The throng in the gallery was the roughest of railway navvies, soldiers, sailors, and all the tag-rag of creation. There were decently-dressed people in the pit, and a sprinkling of shabby gentility in the wretched little' boxes, but such as they were, the house was filled. Was it not the benefit and farewell night of Miss Ella Shirley ? and was not Miss Ella Shirley tho prettiest, the cleverest, the most charming little actress that ever set navvies and newsboys mud with love and delight? Clustered by themselves in tho stage boxes were some half-dozen young officers — magnificent fellows, as re garded in comparison with the rest of the house — sporting eyeglasses, and staring at the people about them through thoso lorgnettes with undis guised contempt. Very young officers, with the callow down yet green on their girlish chins, their hair parted in the middle, a tendency to drawl, but wonderfully and elegantly got up by the best West-end tailors. Very harmless young heroes, their maiden swords still un fleshed — their maiden pistols retaining their --pristine -glitter — dainty carpet knights, great in the dance and mighty at the- mess-table. They'lounged about the boxes amusing themselves with sarcastic criticism's on their neighbors whilst waiting for the curtuin to rise. " Saw Clifford to-day," lisped one white-lashed ensign, tightening his -belt, "riding down the Row with Lady Emily Poole. What luck the \- fellow has. Suns himself in the smiles of high- born beauty all day, and in the lovely light of little Ella's black eyes, all the evening.'' " Luck 1 I believe you," interjected another. " Clifford's one of those fel lows born with a golden spoon in their mouths. He is the heir of Mordaunt Hall and Clifford Park, the two finest \- places in Surrey, with a clear rent roll of fifteen thousand a year. His governor's a trump. I wish mine could see his parental duties in the money line half as clearly.'' " And Clifford's sovereigns flow like water," a third said, " whilst better men — myself and most of you fellows — hav'n't possessed one between us for the last six months. I did my first bill, I remember, at seven year old, on the cover of my spelling book, and I have done bills and bill-discounters ever since with a perseverance worthy of a better cause. And they say he's going to marry her." There was a general laugh at his last remark. " Don't bo maudlin, Brudenell. A man may not marry his grandmother —no more may he marry a little dan- seuse, particularly at the innocent age of nineteen. Not but that Miss Ella Shirley— I wonder what tho girl's bona fide name is? — is pretty enough and sparkling enough to almost warrant such folly. Clifford's deucodly spoony about her, there's no doubt about it; but there'll bo 110 marrying or giving in marriage — take my word for it, Brude nell. Ho comes of a race as .proud as the devil, and nearly as diaboli'cal." "They say the man who spoke English at the Tower of Babel was named Clifford. But hold up. 'Lo, tho conquering hero comes.' " With the last word tho door opened, and Cornet Edward Clifford, of the — th Hussars, stood before his bvother knights. Younger than even those youthful warriors — barely 19 — but towering above the tallest of them by a full head, and superb in his fresh young manhood. Tall, strong, black- browed, with the darkly-handsome fate of the handsome, hot-blGoded Clifiords, Hashing black eyes, and the magnificent proportions of a muscular Apollo. As he entered, the bell tinkled, the lights Unshed up, the curtain rose, the orchestra crashed out, and Miss Ella Shirley, tho goddess of the evening, bounded lightly on tho stage. A thunder of applause greeted tho appearance of their favorite, her last appearance as they knew. A slender little creature — a mere fairy sprite, with luminous dark eyes and a wonder ful fall of yellow- brown hair. With those amber dripping tresses went a skin of pearly whiteness, just tinted ever so faintly on the oval cheeks with rouge. As Mdlle Miii i, tho wilc'.ing little grisette- — singing, dancing, coquetting — she acted con amove — filled the house with | tumults of applause, and covered her- < self witli bouquets and glory. More than once the great dark eyes flashed electric glances at tho group of young officers — personal friends all of Miss Ella Shirley's — flashed oftenest of all on . stalwart Edward Clifford, as ho | towered like Saul, the king, above tho , heads of his follow-men. The vaudeville was over. Singing and smiling to the last, the lovely Ella sang and smiled herself off tho stage. , The young officers had flung their claborato bouquets, and Edward Clifford, with a smile on his handsome face, had drawn a knot of Russian violets from his button-hole, and threw them last' of all. And Ella Shirley had lifted tho violets, as she vanished, with one parting flash of her eye at the donor — one parting electric smile. " Oh, my prophetic soul," growled Lieutenant Brudenell, " what did I tell you, fellows ? I say, Clifford, tho talk at the club is that you are going to make a wife of Ella, and a noodle of yourself. Why, the beggar's gone I " " And very lucky for you that ho has. Clifford's a dead shot, and not tho man to bo patiently stigmatised as a noodle. He's gone to drive to St. John's Wood with Miss Shirley. Vie victis. Let us go, you fellows, we shall see the lovely Ella no more." The last speaker was quite right. Cornot Clifford was driving swiftly along to Miss Shirley's ' St. John's Wood cottage, while the youthful officers were seeking their clubs. The little actress, muffled in furred wraps, for the October' night was bleak and bitter, cuddled comfortably beside him, as one woll used to being there. " And you really go to-morrow, Ella !" " I really do, Cornet Clifford, back to dear Brussels, charming Brussels. One cannot endure your horrible English climate : for ever, and besides " She broke off. " Besides what, Ella? " " Oh, nothing," with a 'little laugh, " only no one will regret me here ; and there I have many friends." " "2 ou have many friends wherever you go, but no one to regret you here, Ella ? You know better than that. Don't go." " Don't go I The king wills it," with a scornful little laugh. " I shall go to-morrow morning, sir, as fast as railway and steamer can take me, back to my beloved Brussels, where the sky is blue, and the sun shines, and one has friends who really care for one. There's a good time coming. Pending that good time — here we are at home — so don't talk nonsense, but come in. It's nearly midnight, and not proper, I daresay, but Mrs. Holt, my keeper, is up, and Mrs. Holt is a very dragon of propriety. You shall have ono last little supper with me, and then it shall bo ' Pare thee well, and if for .ever, 'ifcc. Come." Cornet Clifford needed no second in vitation. The lighted windows of the little cottage looked very inviting against the black October night, and the. coquettish, backward glances of its youtiiful mistress more inviting still. He fastened his cab- horse to the gate first, where that trusty steed had many a time been fastened before, and fol lowed Miss Shirley into the house. She led him into a brilliantly-lighted little room, where a fire glowed geni ally, and rose- colored curtains shut out the cheerless night. Under the chan delier a supper table, set for, two, glittered with glass and silver. For an nctress in a third-rate London theatre Miss Ella Shirley knew how to live. She threw her furred wraps into thc' arms of a little plump old woman who came forward to greet her, and emergocj in a dress of bright purple, trimmed with rich white fur. Over this glowing robe her amber hair fell in a glittering shower to a tiny waist you might have spanned with one hand. And the great black eyes had a streaming light, the rosebud mouth dancing with smiles, and she was so sparkingly bright and pretty that it was a delight only to look at her. " Is supper quite ready, Mrs. Holt ? Prav say yes, you old treasure of house keepers, for I am absolutely famished. Not. romantic, Mr. Clifford, but true. You know your degree. Corner Clif ford, sit down and make yourself delightful, for the last time. In an hour precisely,'' glancing coquettishly at her watch, "I shall turn you out.'' " Merciless as usual. Turn me out to-night, and I will come back to morrow." "And find mo gone. Will youcarve these birds? They look tempting. And I will help myself to a glass of this noyeau, the water of life. And, my dear Mrs. Holt, you may go." Mrs. Holt went, and Miss Shirley and her guest ate their tete-a-teto supper — their last, as she took care to remind him every now and then. And how beautiful she looked, how bril liantly she talked, how gaily she laughed — silvery little peals, showing pearly white teeth. How bewitching she was altogether, words were weak to tell. Always fascinating, to-night she outdid herself. And whether it was tho heady nature of his bright little- hostess' wines, or the more delicious intoxication of her witcheries and loveliness, or both com bined, Edward Clifford completely lost his head, and almost before he knew it found himself passionately, ancl a little incoherently, tolling her lie loved her madly, and begging her to be his wife. Miss Shirley only laughed in her tinkling way, and shook baok her magnificent curling hair. " You don't mean it Cornet Clifford. What, the prince of Mordaunt and the lord of Clifford marry a little London actress, who never had a grandfather. Why, the ghosts of all the dead and gone' Cliffords would rise grim and revengeful out of the family vaults, to wreak their fury on tho head of their degenerate descendant. A Clifford make a low marriage I It is past ono, mon ami l Lot us shako hands and say good-bye!" " I will never say good-bye until you promise to bo my wife. Don't laugh at me, Ella, I must marry you. I will niarry you, and all tho Cliflords and their prido may go " A little white hand flew up and covered his mouth. "Don't swear, please ; I don't like it. You will laugh at your folly to-mor row. Say good-night, ancl go." "Never, without your promise, Ella. Ella, I thought you loved me." The pretty face drooped against his coat sleeve. " You know I do,'' she said, in a reed-like whisper. "Then be my wife. Instead of going to Bolgium to-morrow, come with me to Ireland." "You really mean it, Edward?" "I shall blow my brains out if you don't. Say you will come, Ella. I love you niadly I I can't let you go I Say you will come I " "To Ireland?" Butanlrish marriage is no marriage ; and, besides, you are a minor, and cannot legally contract a marriage anywhere." "In heaven's name, how many ob jections will you raise, Ella?" the young man cried, 1 flushed and im petuous. " If the Irish marriage does not suit you, we can easily be re married upon our return to England ; and, as for being a minor, there will be no one to dispute the legality of our union. Not my father ; he never refused me anything yet; he is not likely to begin now." " Oh, Edward I But this is not like anything else, . Men have disinherited only sous for less." " My father will not. And, besides, he cannot. Mordaunt Manor is en tailed — comes to me. with its fertile acres, if I were disinherited to-morrow. I will listen to no more objections, Ella. . You must say yes — you must bo my wife I I love you madly 1 I cannot live without you 1 My beauti ful Ella, look up and say, ' Edward, ' I- lovh you, and I will go with you to morrow I' " He bent over her, his handsome face flushed hob red, his eyes glowing, alight with wine and love and excite ment. She raised her dainty, droop ing head at his bidding, and looked him full in the face, a glittering bright-, ness in her large dark eyes. " I love you, Edward," she repeated, " and I will go with you to-morrow I Earth- holds no dearer lot for me than to be your wife. But if you repent later, remember I have warned you." " I will never repent !" ho cried, with a lover's rapturous kiss. "Our honeymoon will last until our heads are gray. In all broad England there is not another such happy man as Edward Clifford !" She turned her head away to conceal a smile — a sinile strangely akin to derision. It was gone like a flash. " And now I must turn you out," she said, gaily. " I have much to do between this and day-dawn. Whether one goes to Belgium or to Dublin, one must pack up. It is. shockingly late besides. Mrs. Grundy will be horrified. For pity's sake, go at once 1" She., pushed him playfully to the door. The black October nighi was blacker and chillier than ever, and the bleak wet 'wind blew down damply in their faces. Miss Shirley shivered audibly, " I don't envy you your drive back, " she said ; " and the rain will overtake you if you don't hurry. We are likely to run' away in .a deluge to-morrow." "Blissful to-morrow I " exclaimed Edward Clifford. " Come rain and lightning and tempest, so that they bring me you, I shall thank them. For the last time, good-bye and good night I " A lover-like embrace, then the young man sprang lightly into his night-cab and whirled away. Ella Shirley stood in the doorway until he disappeared, despite tho raw blowing of tho chill morning wind. In the darkness her pretty face wore a triumphant glow. "I have conquered !" she said, under her breath. " I will bo Edward Clifford's wife, I knew from the first I would. Poor fool l And he thinks I care for him — a stupid boy of nine teen 1 The old life may go now. Mrs. Edward Warren -Clifford, of Mordaunt Hall, may look upon the past as a horrible dream, over and gone I" On the close of the third day a post- chaise rattled up to the door of a Dublin hotel, and Cornet Clifford handed out his bride. An Irish rain hung clammy over everything, the sky was of lead, the coming night was bleak and; drear; but tho face of the young officer was brighter than a sun set sky. Was he not a bridegroom of four and twenty hours' standing, and was not this radiant little beauty beside him bis bride ?" " They will show you to your room, my darling," he said. "I will join you presently. Here is your travelling-bag. It might hold the Crown diamonds by its weight and tho care you take of it. Tho servant will take it." " I will take it myself." She turned her back abruptly upon him as she spoke, and followed the servant upstairs. She dismissed the woman tho moment she entered tho room, and turned the key in the door. The boxes had been sent up. She knelt down at once before ope of them, unlocked and unstrapped it. " I will conceal it hero," she snid. " Ho is not in the least likely to find it in any case ; but it is safer here." She unfastened her travelling-bag, and . drew fortli the contents, whose weight and her solicitude about it had puzzled Cornot Clifford. It contained but one thing — a brightly-burnished copper box, securely looked and clasped. Tho little bride thrust this box out of sight among tho garments in the trunk. Safe bind, safe find.' Whilst you are secure I am secure. I dont think Edward Clifford will ever find me out. Tho day that brings you to light sees the last of Ella Clifford. Ella Clifford 1 A new name, a new. alias 1 How many I have borne I Helene Delormo, Ella Slaney, Ella Shirley ; and now — last, brightest and best — high sounding Clifford! What will be the next, I wonder, and whioh among them all will they carve . on my tombstono ? " CHAPTER IIL at mordaunt. " And it all ends hero ! My am bitious dreams, my boundless prido, my grand aspirations for him — it all ends here 1 In the hour when I loved him dearest, I would soouer have slain him with my own hands than lived to see him fall so low !" Ho was an old man, yet grandly erect in his sixtieth year ; straight as a Norway pine, broad-shouldered, deep- chested, royal-browed and bright-eyed, as it was in the nature of the Cliffords to be. He was General Clifford, of Mordaunt Manor, or Mordaunt Hall, as it was oftener named, and he held in his hand an open letter from his only son, Edward. The letter told him of that only son's marriage — dwelling with lovor-like rapture on his bride's peerless beauty, her transcendent sweetness and charms. It told him that she was the loveliest, the most innocent, the purest, the gentlest of her sex ; but it also told him the awful fact there was no with holding — that she was an actress. " ' Beautiful and pure as an angel from heaven ! ' " the old man quoted from the letter, with a bitter sneer ; ' this spotless danseuse, this artless cherub from the boards of a third-rate London theatre I It used to be our boast that the Clifford blood never bred fools or cowards. It has bred both in my son Edward. Son I From this hour he is no longer a son of mine. Yet ho is not quite a coward, or ho would hardly dare to face me here." For the open letter told him that the writer was coming to Beard the lion in his den ; The Douglas in his hall, and that within a very few hours after its receipt General Clifford might look for a penitential visit from his heir. "I will not bring Ella with me, father," the young man wrote. "I know what a crime a low marriage' is in your eyes. I know how you will revolt at first from the idea of an actress. But only wait until you see her, my father, in her exquisite beauty and youth, and grace and artlessness, and you will love her almost as dearly as I do." The old lion read this passage aloud again, and laughed outright in the bitter intensity of his scorn. "Fool ! — idiot ! — driveller !" he cried, with passionate' contempt, his fierce black eyes ablaze. " I could curse the hour in which his mother gave birth to so besotted an imbecile | What judg ment has fallen on the Cliffords, that the last of their name— one of the proudest and noblest- that ever old England boasted — should render him self an object of derision to gods and men ? The last of his race, did I say? Nay, Blanche is that — and, by the eternal heaven 1 Blanche shall in herit every shilling I possess, every acre I command. The angelic actress from Laiubeth may soar back to the celestial regions she hails from, with the idiotic spooney of nineteen she has duped into marrying her, for all she will ever reign in Clifford. Blanche Grey shall be my heiress, and he shall not inherit the price of a rope to hang himself." He dashed the letter fiercely aside, and started up, pacing up and down. The grand old face was stormy with rage ; the fiery dark eyes, that never lowered their light to friend or foe, flashing with impotent passion. Rage, grief, shame, all distorted the massive countenance, and the sinewy hands clenched until the nails bled the palms. "And ho dare come here ! he dare face me ! I don't know what shall keep me from shooting him down like a dog!" He strode up and down the mag nificent length of the library, quite alone in his impotent storm of fury. A spacious and splendid apartment, the wainscot lined with books from floor to ceiling, busts of grand old Groek poets gazing serenely down on the lore of ages, and over the chininey- piece a clock, with Amphitrite guiding a group of fiery seahorses in bronze. In the deep fireplace, where for 400 years a blaze of yulo had risen high at Christmas time, a sea-coal fire burnt now, its red glow flashing fitfully on the dark panelling ancl wainscoting, on busts and pictures, books and bronzes, quaint old Indian and Chinese cabinets, and vases as high as your head. The library was lit by one' vast Tudor window, with cushioned seats — a window that was a study in itself, and which overlooked a wide vista of velvet lawn, cool depths of fragrant fern and underwood, and waving belts of beech and elm. A grand old place this Mordaunt Hall — a monastery once in the clays lopg gone, when there had been monks and monasteries all over England, be fore the Royal Bluebeard and his red- haired daughter came to banish and burn and behead. And under the leafy arcades of its primeval forest, of its majestic oaks and towering elm ancl copper beech, the ghostly prior who had ruled there last walked still, sombre, and awful, witli cowl and gown, in tho stormy moonlight and still black dead of night. And somo ghostly curso had fallen on the usurp ing race of tho " bold, bad Cliffords ; " for tho legend ran, that for many a night before the death of the head of tho house, a solemn bell tolled in thoso windy turrets — an awful bell, that no mortal oyo might see — no mortal hands might ring. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 