Theatrical Topics. Miss zoe Lay ton, tho octree?, who was walk ing Irom San Franci-oi to New York on a wager, reached Buffalo January 29, neatly a day late. At the New Olympic, London, Mr. Wilson Barr-ct has In preparation an original play in three sets by Mr. Charles Hudson, entitled 'Father Bonaoarte." Nellie Stewart, the well known and popular Australian operatic artist, is now residing at Hampton. She hag come to England with a view of playing 10 London antConee-, and is considered to have excellent proopeots of success. An extremely feeble burlesque, entitled " Mdlle. Cieopatre," has appeared at the Arenne Theatre, London. It is probably destined to a short career, and neither the writing nor the acting calls for epeciil com ment. The Gaiety contingent is timed to leave England for Melbourne on April 21, Fred Leslie, Chas. Dcnby, Nelly Farren, Sylrle Grey and Grace p-dley being tho principal members of the company who arc going. Miss Marion Hoed has decided tc stay" in England /hi- time. Mr. Arthur Law's threo-aot farce, "ou".. pritr," produced in March at Terry's, London, had been long expected. It was in Mr. Terry's hands before the first performsnc-9 of "sw-.et Livender," but, although tried with ranch suc cess at Liverpool, had not prerionrly be-n seen by Londoner. Miss Adelaide Moore, we regret to say, he. been struck down at Han Francisco. sb's wi= playing in " Romeo and Juliet" one night, and after the potion scene was found lying ou the stage uncon-.i-nn. a doctor was 'called, a-.d pronounced the trouble to be chronic rhouin it- ism of the heart. a burlesque cn "The Dancing Girl" b-.s been written by Mr. Campbell rio- Brown, aud is to bo shortly prodoced. This piece of irrov- erenor, directed against a playwright who ti k him-elf and Lis art as seriously as Mr. Jones, will no doubt attract soma atten'bn It is to be called " The Prancing Girl." By permission of Mr. Irving, the annuel meeting of the Royal General Theatrical Funl was held in the raloon of the Lyceum Theatre on March 6, under the presi Juicy of Mr. Thomas Swinburne. Tho accouuta showed that the receipts for the pur amounted to £3,262, and that £2,245 had bren paid to an- cuitants. More London the.-.trcs ! ..zslaims t'-ic eurapfin Maii. Mr. e. 8. "VVillard-hae selected a site n- ir Pall Mall for Willard'a Theatre, and Mr. h. h. Morell has found a backer, and wiil proceed to ran up a hon-e near Leie-mcer Square and tho Lyric Club. 'i'hc building is fo be r-'i ly in 1 1 months, and Mia? Forte-cue will probably be leading lady. Tho beautiful dramatic poem by Mr. w. o. Wills on tho subject of the sorrowful life of Charles i. was revived on March i at the Ly ceum Theatre, with telling effect. It was agreed on all hands that b:th Mr. h.-ury i rving and Miss Ellen Terry rurps—ed them reives ; never have they acted better at the sad farewell of wifo and husbaud. m. Jacobs bits neurly finished the score of tho new three- set opera which he has been writing in cor junction, with Mr. geo-ga r. fc'iuis. It was intended that " The Qaura of Bpain " should hare been produced et no dis tant date at the Avenue Theatre, but. negotia tions having fallen through, nothing is at piotout settled as to iu production. Mr. Lionel RiguoU, who lias b(--n conm-il -d with several oi tho latest Adelphi nucecsso, lias hud very tempting offers br.tli from an-- trails and America. He has, however, refe-ed them in favour of messrs. Gat'i, to whom he has engaged himself for another 12 months. Mr. Leonard Boyno also remuins at the Adelpbi until the end of next year, notwithstanding re port! of his speedy appearance at New York. Tho biltory of doacing from the oarlioat times to the proRcnt, including every character- ietic natioaal dance, will ba illustrated ut tli.i Vienna Opera House. Tho performances will include thodanco of David before tho ark, the slow measures of the middle uges, the old nustillun dunces, tho Highland fling, tho Irish jig, und overy proper feature of such an ex hibition, ull to appropriate mu,-ic. The "Clubmen" iu the JC'trcpcm .If ;i!t 1- biding to "The Idler," sayr: Air. Joseph liatton is a tnuu of many friends, ull of whom will be glad to hear of the success of his play. From all accounts, that nrtG'io delineator of baleful depravity, Edward Willerd, hae rarely had a finer opportunity of making tho audience's liesh creep, and the experience is nil the more startling to tho New Yorkers, who havo hither to only mado acquaintance with liim as ths ruspectnblo Gyrus Blunkum and the virtucus, if mistaken, j ud'ih Llewellyn. a provincial manager in France, of naturally economic bunt, was anxious to make u sensa tion at his theatre by playing u popular speo- taoulur piece known as "Henry iii. and Ills Cuiirt." When, however, he came to find v.'hat a number of additional supers und now drones ho would requiro to mount tho piece, I10 was incin»d to 'liter hi", plun altogether. Hut, after duo ocfisidorutiau, ho rent for his acting- manager, and said : " Well, i intend to produce the pioen as decided on, but i shall inuko it 'Henry iii. without, his Court!' so just son that tlio pasters aro printed accordingly, will you?" Tho experiment made at the Vaudeville on February '23 by u baud of young uctcrs, who produced Ibsen's " Roemerch.ilm," waa fully justified by the result (says ttia (iucen). This weird und gloomy play was nuvr to the crowded audirnco assembled to learn more of tho Scandi navian dramatist's methods uud to prove whether Miss Florence Farr, a compirativoly utknown actress, was equal to tho groat und difficult tusk she hud uet herself, lty this tiiuo the story uf this extraordinary drama has been rnudu tolerably faruiliur, but only those who flat through its four unconventional and fre quently prolix acts can ut all realise the potvor aud fascination of tho mystical story uufohiod. Mr. Charles Arnold's oolor.iil exporicunrs will bn turned to noincwhut n-.vil a-u cunt in his furthcoming tour with " Curl's Folly," a now play by Mr. Clay m. Green, the American dramatist. One of tbo attractions of this piece is 11 shoop- shearing rerun, in which Mr. Arnold will shear a sheep beloro the audieuoe, with a patent sheep- shcariug machine, in a few minutes! Another is tho exhibition of his Newfoundland dog, "The Earl cf HLgligate" — rooently exhibited at tho Agricultural Hall —which will roeouo 011c of tho characters in the play from a tank of real water. This is Mr. Viuoent Crummies' pump and tubs with n vengeance, but wa have no doubt the Earl and tho sheep will prove attruotivo. Mrs. Brown Potter and Mr. bellow termi nated a four-works' season in Calcutta on February 28, having played "l» to-.oa,'1 " Caraillo," " Frou Frou," " David Girriok," &o.; Attboinvitatlonof the Maharajah uf Brttiah they gnvo a Shakoepcarian oveniug at (ju-tlo Rainoy. Tho drawing, room was occupied by European and native gentlemen, among the latter being representatives of many native States and noble families in various parts of India. Tbo ladies of tho household sat in tbo adjoining rooms, and wero able to witnoss tho proceedings throngh tho purdah. Tho selec tions consisted of scsnia from " Hamlet" and "Komco and Juliet." Tho Calcutta a'«y/,i/i. umn says that tho parformaneo waa unique in the history of private entertaining In India. Apropos of odvancod ideas, Ibscnism seems, in spito of Mr. Buchanan and his oritios, to bo gaining ground an tho cult of tho oultureidon both sldos of tho Atlantic. Tho " Clubman " in the Huroman Hail of March 0 says that Mr. Groin oonld not find a theatre largo onough to acoommoduto ut ouo parformaneo all the people who wanted to eoe "Ghosts" on Miroh 16 i bat then " Ghosts " ii an unsavoury play, and tho unpleasant has always Its attractions to somo people. "Pillars of Boolcty," on the other hand, Is a strong and subtle study in social othlos, aud Mr. Wilson Barrett's coming per formance of it cannot fail tn bs extremely interesting. While Mr. Barrett Is bringing it oat in London, Mr. Willard writes from Now York (bat ho . is , pledged to rn-.ko it his next production at tlio Madison Square Theatre, after tho attractions of .Mr. Joseph Hatton'e grim melodrama, '.'John Needbsm's Double, "are -exhausted. : ha ; ; 