SPORTING NOTES. FBy Trumpator. I itlalhonrne. UCIOuer IKS. The final acceptances for the Cup show that the field will not reach anything like the total of thirty-nine, which started last year. A great manv retired vesterdav. and many a drawer of a nag in the £100,000 sweepstakes will be disappointed when he reads the list of probable starters this morning. With the ex ception of Glenloth and Gresford I doubt if any of the non-contents will be missed, and it is a satisfaction to know that the big sweeps will not be the means of converting a number of the no-possible-chance-whatever brigade into starters. Talking of sweeps reminds me that a member of the Assembly over here proposes to introduce a Bill to stop people sending money through the P.O. to Adams & Co. Of the lot re maining in the Cup six are engaged in the Derby, and the result of that race may still further reduce the field. The Maiden Plate is now the opening event in the 'V.R.C. Spring programme, and the best of the lot engaged are Gatling, Xorberfc, Steadfast, and Stern chaser. I suppose tins New Zealander will run in the Derby. Possibly Steadfast may also be wanted for the Blue Riband, but assuming that Mr. Wilson elects to run the black in this race Steadfast may cany the St. Albans colours to the fore, and after him I like Gatliny and Nbrbcrt, the former for choice if he will only try. Xext comes the Melbourne Stakes, and as I wrote yesterday several owners have vague hopes of lowering the colours of Marvel. Had Zalinski kept well he might have accomplished this feat, but I doubt anything else being equal to the occasion, and I shall look forward to ?Jfarrrf scoring comfortably, while Highoorn, Mega phone, Correze, and Malvolio may fight oub the places. I have left out Paris, as it seem3 hardly likely that he will oppose his stable companion. The race is sure to have a great effect on the Cnp betting, as something like half a dozen weL-baeked candidates are likely to start and do their level best. I have an idea that Highborn will come through thu ordeal with credit. The Hotham Handicap may see Pigeontoe at the post, as the penalty he would incur by winning will hardly prejud:ce his Cujj chance, and Lang is not the man to turn up his nose at a stake like this, especially as a race in public should do the brother to iady Betty a deal of good. Clonard, 8 st. 8 lb., and Tantallon, S st. G lb.. read welL and Onalitv is beautifully handicapped at 1 st. Merriment, 7 st. b lb., md Ronald, 7 st. fi lb., also look teniDting, while if Firelock, the brother to Matcnlock, bas the ghost of a show in the Melbourne Cup he should have a great chance here. With no acceptances until scale it is hard to arrive at probable starters, but Clonanl and Pigeontoe strike me as a likely pair to provide the winner. [^The Derby follows, and there is not much to add to what I have already written concerning this race. That it is considered a certainty for one of three may be gathered from the fact that Mr. Oxenbam, who now stands out as the leader of the ring, last night offered 10 to 1 bar three. The probable starters are Strath more, The Kobel, Aster. Swordbearer, Ascot Vale, Oxide, Stromboli, Penance, Sternchaser, and perhaps Steadfast and another of Pay ten's. During the last few days the chancef of Sword bearer, The Rebel, and Penance have come to be very lightly thought of, and backers now look forward to a race between Strathmore, Oxide, and Stromboli. With a good sound pace all the way, I am content to discard Stromboli, but Oxide is such a good game colt that Strathmore is sure to experience no end of trouble from him. Both have been highly tried with reliable ' clocks,' Oxide having beaten Clonard, while Strathmore did ditto by Forest King. Taking time as & criterion, Strathmore's gallop was the better of the two, but I do not place much reliance in time as a means of trying a horse wanted for a race of any distance, and feel certain that Oxide will run a great race. Tnw Clonard waa hardly set for a gallop on Saturday, and Forest King, the colt selected to try Strathmore with, is a noto riously generous horse in private, but all the same, Mr. Hall's coltfinished with such deter mination that I expect to see him prove a most troublesome nut for the favourite to crack, but in giving the choice to Stratluiiore. I arr. following form as represented 'ay lac St. Alban'scolt'sdefeat of Stromboli in theGuineas. When they met in Sydney there was nothing between Stromtioli and Oxide ; so if the Caul field running is a true index of the merits of Strathmore and the Syndicate colt, then, de spite his meritorious display with Clonard, the present favourite for the Derby should be able to lower the colours of Oxide. In a true-rnn race Stromboli may even miss a place, and in the attempt to forestall Mr. McCullceh's de cision I shall put them — iStrathmore ... ? 1 Oxide ? 2 The Rebel ? 3 The Maribymong Plate looks a very open affair after Moonray's defeat at Moonee Valley on Saturday ; but it must be remembered tliat the sister to Carlyon was carrying 9 st. then, and here she will have 8 st. 5 lb. Sur vivor, by Robinson Crusoe from Rustic Las.*, Meli, by Xewminster from Melodious, and Vangrave, by Epigram from Courtesy, a:ea!l good colte, but Moonrati is sure to run as straight as ;ta arrow, and I shall give her the preference over tho three colts I have mentioned, notwithstanding her defeat at the hands of The Captain and Ouyen. The Coburg Stakes is a very hard race to pick. Hero I) st. 2 lb., Tarcoola 9 st. 1 lb., Gladstone 8 st 11 lb., Deerswood S st. 2 ib., Sadim 7 st. 9 lb., -juality 7 st. 7 lb., and Fortunstus 7 st, 1 3b.; are all vary smart aver a mile and a furlong, and perhaps' Hero or Sadim may he equal to the task of winning, while Dillon should run respectably. Another opi»rtunity will be afforded me of dealing with 1 he Melbourne Cub. Saturday's running may render the task of selecting tbe wiener comparatively easy, but at present the big handicap of the year has never looked more open. Tirailleur, the top weight, has been going better in his work, Iat6ly, but I doubt if he will receive notice from the Judpe. Megaphone is such a good horse that I am loth to pass him by. He went a fairly good gallop yesterday, but is net working like he did prior to Sydney, and unless he mns well in the Melbourne Stakes I shall not include Mr. Wallace's horse in the dangerous division. Highborn has plenty of weight, but no horse will strip in better condi tion, ai:d besides being brilliant enough to secure a place, the son of Grandmaster is a proved stayer. G^aroo may run well, but I do not fancy him. Correze must be very hard to beat, and on paper he holds Highborn safe, but I doubt his being quite so fit as the black, and wherever the chesnut finishes I shall expect the Warwick Farm horse to be with him. Sir William is greatly fancied by his own people, &nd; we allknow what a really goodhorse he is when at his best. Greygown will start, but I am afraid he will be at a disadvantage in constquence of the stoppagb of his work, but mindful of the Bravo experience many will take a long shot about the grey. Whimbrel finishes in so slovenly a way that I must lbave him alone. Malvolio, the great tip of the Caulfield division, finishes all his gallops with something in hand, and they say he carries 9 st. He will of conrse run in the Melbourne Stakes, and we will then be able to form a good opinion as to his chance on Tuesday. Tantallon ran badly last year when a great till. He has had no Carbine to knock him oub this time, but he has not shown any startling form on the track. Paris may win from end to end. Xo one who sees his performances in the morning can leave the little fellow out cf his Cup calculations, and yet the beroas of these sensational gallops seldom shine in the actual race. It must not be supposed that there is any fear of Paris leaving the race on the track. He has only once been thoroughly extended, and that was yesterdav, when he went the two miles, and the boy waa told to ride him out so as to let Mnnaghan see how he would finish. The result thoroughly satisfied Monaghan, and to test the value of the gallop Marvel was sent a mile and a half over the eame ground and ridden right out. The great Bon of Marvellous succeeded in making the FlemicRton record fcr the distance, but a» Paris was only a second and a half longer in covering that part of his two miles he must indeed be accounted a wonder in private, and whatever may be his fate when he comes to get bumped about in a big field the son of Grandmaster will be regarded with wholesome dread by the owners of other hoses until he is beaten. Annesley is wall, and Power has been at Ballarat since Saturday trying him, but I don't think Scobie fancies he can win this race. Lyndhurst is a decided outsider, but Muriel is a good marc, and she looks much better than she did last year. Muriel's form is good, and her connections have backed her for a big stake. King Olaf has been a failure here, but he can gallop, and so can the fillies Litigant and Prelude, but I do not fancy either for this race. Cobham is not a bad sort of horse, but a 7 lb. penalty should stop him. Gatling may absolutely win if the brute should be in the humour to gallop. He ran well last year, and was prominent all the way in the Caulfield Cup. Stromboli I shall discard, and also Yowi; but the Tyler and Forty Winks, who work to gether, are a couple of heavily backed outsiders. With no great horses in the race I expect to gee Oxide and Strathmore prove very dangerous, No Derby winner has got home since Martini Henry, butyear after year we seethe youngsters handy, and both Strathmore and Oxide iinkh their daily gallops as though they could run 011 for an extra half mile. Pigeontoe looks the best of the others. At present he is timler a cloud — a light one, however — owing to Lang having taken him to Mordialloe, but I must keep such a fine horse on my side. The lot I like are Highborn, Correze, Malvolio, Paris, Oxide. Stiathmore, and Pigeon toe. Possibly the whole of these will apj-ear in public next Saturday, and after seeing them perform I must make a final selection. At present I am inclined to think that whatever wins the Derby will ro very near winning the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Ferry arrived last night with Simpleton and Bonita. They have both been entered at some of the suburban meetings, and, if he is fresh and well, Simpleton should be able to pickup a hurdle race or two before he returns home. The veteran owner and trainer, Mr. T. Ivory, has arrived with the ancient Lanctr, who has paid up for the Melbourne Cup. Melbourne, October 2'J. There was a great gathering of the clans afc Flemington this morning. From half-past 4. o'clock trans of all descriutions were rattling through JSewmarket m the direction ot tlie training ground, and the 4.45 train from Mel bourne brought out a full load of amateur touts all bound for the Saltwater Flat. Tlie visitors were lucky in the weather, as whereaB the regulars had to put up with a continuous drizzle on Tuesday and Wednesday, this morning was bright and warm, the only bar to complete enjoyment being the mosquitos, which are very thick on the low marshy ground at Flemington when the weather is at all genial. As a general rule 'Jonathan,' the mnch esteemed Ranger, and a polioeman are among the company on the Thursday before the Derby, but Jonathan is beginning to feel the effects of old age, and did not form a busy spectator at this morning's performance. ZS'either was the man in blue in evidence, and consequently there was no one to keep the — to trainers of horses — unwelcome crowd in check. Absence of authority led to peeplu assembling in all sorts of places where their presence was a nuisance to those responsible for the safety of valuable horses, bub luckily no accident of any kind occurred, and the morning's work was one of the beat I have seen at Flemington even on a Thursday before the Derby. Certainly there were not so many fancied candidates for Blue Riband honours as has been the case in some previous years — Darebin's and the Peers to wit — but Flemington is rich in Cup horses this season, and with four fair Derby gallops, and nearly all the Cup nags going, those who came out to see must have gone back well pleased with their excursion — that iB, provided they werw able to recognise the different horses, a task which must have puzzled those who could no* ehum up with some habUui cafKible of enlightening them as to the identity of the nags spinning along from 5 o'clock until 7. The regulars who attend the early n-orningrehearsalsasaduty hardly greet the advent of the occasional visitor with feelings of pleasure. To them the hours spent on th« l'lat are a matter of business, and while wel coming the company of a man known aa an expert with a watch and capable of telling one horse from another, the experienced tout doea not relish having his attention distracted with epdlese questions from persons who cannot) tell him anything he does not know concern ing the immediate business in hand. Steal ing away from the crowd the wiseacres of the track congregated in little groupa by themselves, a knot of newspaper men picking out a tan heap between the two tracks, where they could catch all the furloug jjostfil They did not retain undisputed possession of their fortress for long, hawever, as some of the 'Arries quickly spied out the possessors of watches and notebooks, and marked them ns likely men to satisfy their queries. Soon these interlopers had the tan heap to themselves, and the Pressmen went further inland to seek shelter from the constant interruptions of tho once-a- year-division. heedless to say the tracks were fast. Never in the recollection of the oldest tout has there been so much of what is technically termed watch- breaking as this epring has seen. The Hoods must have washed no end of sand off the outer rink and left the hard bottom com paratively bare. The going is intensely hard, and as a consequenco many trainers leave the regular track and exercise on the tan, whiuh ib three furlongs less in circumferance than the eand. Mr. Forrester has always given tht inner rink the preference over the outer, but until this year few horses besides the War wick Farm contingent patronised tan in preference to sand. There is a cinder track inside the tan again, but this has quite gout; out of favour, and even in the wettest of ?weather, when galloping elsewhere is im possib'e, hardly bought experience has taught trainers that it is better not to go at all than to court the almost inevitable breakdown which follows a 'willing go' on the cinders. Little Bob is the exception which proves tin: rule as far as the cinders are concerned. He insists on doing his slow work almost ' broad side on,'1 aud Abe Davis puts him on thu cinders eo as to keep him out of the road of other horses. For the benefit of those who arc innocent of the details of the training grounds at head-quarters I may mention that the sand track is a mile and three furlongs rouud, and the tan a mile. The first Derby colt to face the music this morning was Swordbearer. He went the dis tancewithSingaporeand was beaten. '.No good at all,' said the regulars, who have good reason to know that Singapore is a duffer, but then Sv.-ordbearer luay have been loaded, and of course this would make all the difference. rIhe market is a better guide than the track as a rule, and as the stable failed to get all the nsoney at 10's they wanted on Wednesday evening perhaps McKenna regulated Sword bearer's work with a view to making him ease in price to-day. Here let me remark that The Rebel was invested with the order of the knock at the KooniB labt night Beaten by Yarran in a trial is the cause assigned, and if so Yarran will come into request. Penance ww fiefc a severer task than usuaL Instead of wort ing with a boy up Gough was in the saddle. The little fellow beat Jack off, but did not finish like a probable Derby winner, and a place is about the most to be expected of Penance. He will not get this if Stromboli fitjLts to a finish, but I have my doubts on this £core. Oxide was the next to go, and he cannot fail to have pleased all by the et-erlini; way in which he went through bis allotted task. Fit to run for a kingdom, and inheriting all the bulldog courage of bis sire, Oxide will die very hard en Saturday. It is the fashion to racehim small, but although a little narrow and slack behind the saddle, he is a really nice lengthy colt, and a good deal biqeer than most people think. Whether he is quite good enough for Strathmore remains to be seen, but I think he will beat everything else and run a great race for the Cup into the bargain. Stromboli is a flyer and no mistake, but once he begins to feel galloping an exertion he seems to throw up tho sponge in the most pronounced manner, and having seen him colla]ise in his work and heard of his doing it in the Guineas, I shall expect to see the son of Etna give Avay to Strathmore and Oxide about the distance-post— thatis, unless the race is run to suit him. There was a time when all eyes would have been turned towards the Maribymong Plate on a day like this, but antepost betting on the big two-year-old race is a thing of the past, and the young ones were allowed to run along this morning without coming in for much notice. The Caulfied colt Meli easily settled Happy Jack and Moonray was im mensely superior to Kossuth, but I did not time either. 'Vangrave also appeared to go well with Dan O'Connor. The straight was to be open after breakfast, and Survivor was waiting to do his gallop there. All the Cup horses seemed to go well, and with the exception of a slight soreness visible in G?naroo they are as fresh on their pins as if they had just been taken up instead of b«ing at the end of a long and severe prejjaratron. Highborn bowled along in fine style, and if he fcad only been in this form last year what a jjot the Warwick Farm people would have landed. I5el Giorno only went a mile along side the biff fellow, but he seems to stay well enough. Correze delighted his admirers, but he has never yet been the distance. However, 1 he is a proved stayer, and doubtless Duggan thinks tnere is no necessity to send the bonny chesnut the full journey. This morning, in spite of his weight and bar shoes, Cor ! reze made a hack of Norbert. Sir William's ! niile and three-quarters was a sterling perfor mance for such a sluggard. He is in capital lmckle, and Keys will not hear of his defeat in the Cup. I must say I respect his chance, as public form has repeatedly proved him to be a real good horse, and 8 st. 7 lb. is only a han«y weight for such a ]-erformer. Paris took matters easily, and yet he made time. Monaghan only pretends to really extend this flying machine once a week, as he is one of the light-fleshed sort that do not requiie belting along three and focr t rues a week. Forty Winfc3 and Tho Tvler a em much of a muchness, and both very good as that but all Sydney declares that with the colours up Forty Winks will beat the other c':tfsnut- He has a nice creeping style of -roving-, his action being just suited to getting over a distance without tiring. Cobhamdid not gallop: neither did Tantallon, but the beautiful King Olaf astonished us all by | runt-ing a mile and a half that has only been j beat- n in point of time by MarveL Excuses i exist for King- Olaf not havintr run np to j expectations since he came to Melbourne, and | lie may have to be reckoned with next Tues day. Whimbrel bad Power to guide bin', anl that clever judge of work took care to ride him so as to j make a better finish than the son of Curlew has latpjy treated us to. Very sanguine are the Whimbrel party, and if he nearly wins the Melbourne Stakes it will not surprise J. Nicholson. Eackers of Megaphone were on good ti-rms with themselves when the big fellow got to the end of a mile and a half in ti uiiu. -i'.i sec. With Raiutige up this is travel ling. a:ul I am curiou.-- to see whether Me^a- - fihoii? will run well enough in the Melbourne '- Stakts ro recover his position in the Cup bet- j ting. The Sir William and Stromboli gallop ] over, the crowd began to dis- ierse in the dim;- ! tion of the Rac-scourse Hotel, where a number ' tarried to compare notes and discuss the de- \ taste of one of the most stirring mornings ever i sKnt on the celebrated Salt Water Hat. j Melbourne. October 27. j At present the St. Albaus paddocks are i ? 1 thed with grass up to the horses' knees, and ! I never saw brood mares in such splendid con- ; dition. They have had a splendid season j over here, and with the irrigation works on the banks of the Banvon in good working order, most of the paddocks can j be flooded at any time the want of rain is I being felt. There are such a host of thorough- j breds on the estate that one cannot do justice j to them all in a day. Since last I was down j several mares have been added to the collection i of gems in the stud, the most notable acquisi- j tion being Mersey, a small but very neat little I fhesnut mare, who is known all over the world i as the dam of the mighty Carbine. Among j the twenty-eight well-grown yearling colts is a chesnnt from Slersey, and I believe that with the exception of Carbine all the mare's foals have followed their dam in the matter of colour. The youngsters to go up for sale in March number thirty-nine, and only eleven of these are fillies. They area splendid lot, and contain so many close relations to celebrated performers that Mr. Wilson can hardly fail to have a good sale, even though the want of money may be pinching would-be buyers when the autumn comes round. With mares in such magnificent condition it is only natural that the crop of foals should look well. I suppose there must be about sixty on the estate, and I never saw such a sturdy, well-grown lot — hardly a small delicate-looking one among them, and almost each successive one you. come to seems to claim relationship to some good horse or mare. The way the Newminsters and Robinson Crusoes are running this season speaks volumes for thes« two sires, and trainers seem unanimous in their desire to get hold of Newminater's yearlings next March. Robinson Crusoe is always doing well, and it is quite on the cards that the shipwrecked hero's Survivor out of the South Australian bred Rustic Lass and Meii. a big plain colt by Newminster from Melo»'-- sister, Melodious, will fight out the finish of the Maribyrnone Plate on Saturday. The four sires are looking the picture of health, Newminster especially looking much Fresher and younger than when I saw him last. They are all ridden out to exercise every day, and t hi-* system no doubt serves to keep them in a hard, healthy state. Trenton is as beautiful as ever. He is not such a big one as Cuirassier or Zalinski, but is a grind lnoking stallion all the same, and such a groat performer should soon establish his t-laim to rank with Nbrdenfeldt in reDresenting their defunct sire Musket Eiridsford, a son of Isr-ucmy and Sonsie Queen, is another great line Iu-r-e, and he has lost all that coarse a*-- I'-f-aiance which was noticeable when first he :irriv*--i from England. Such length in the quarter* and .splendid back and loin are seldom ?**u Fn a horse, and although still a little -»n the Ug, he is sure to let down with ag»«. Emdsf--rd*s foals are won di-rf; liy Jike their sire, being long in the rein uitti short backs, long muscular quarters, and full of substance every where. Dunne: this tt-t-ek ai:d the next Mr. M:ud-jnald will have a number of visitors from the other colonies to show round St. Albans. and he can hardly fail to be gratified at having the place itself and all the stock in such a luxuriant state. All that 13 required to make the Manager of the gn-at Stud Farm supremely happy will be the victories of a Newminster or Robinson Crnsofi in the Maribyrnong Plate, and Strath more in th«i Derby. 