CHAPTER XXI. A BTBANGfi MEETING. for a minute, perhaps, after the disappear ance of Mr. Bothwell and the lawyer into the abyss, the Marquis of St. Aubyn stood there, with strained eyes and listening ears, and then he made a-frantic rush at t&3 door. St. Aubyn leaped suddenly aside, and the floor in. front of the cabinet went down with a dull crash, | the lawyer and Mr. Rothwell went down with it. "I'm safe," he articulated, in a strange, choking whisper, as he groped at the lock; " that fall must have killed them instantly. From the turret down to the old donjon! It is terrible to think of, thongh! But they forced me to it. Why couldn't they let me alone ? Curse this door 1—shall I never get it open 7 Ah, here's the key in my pocket. I forgot." His hands shook, his very knees bent under him. At last he got the door open, and rushed out headlong, as if a ghost were at bis heels. "Seymour, Seymour 1" he called, stumbling on towards the great stairway. From a shadowy corner the old man sud denly shot up. " What is it—what's the matter, my lord f" he gasped, his face not less ghastly than his master's. " Who said anything was the matter 7" re turned St. Aubyn, hotly. " Stand off, you idiot ? Why do you stare at me so ?" " Oh, my dear young master," entreated the poor old man, with his affrighted eyes raised to the young man's face, " what have you done?" St. Auburn raised his hand aB if to strike at him in his sudden rage and fear. ''Will you cease asking me questions?" he cried. "Nothing is the matter, only I'm going away to-night—this hour. I've had news from London. I must start at once. Are you ready to shut up the bouse, as I or dered ?" The old man bowed his head, and then added, in his tremulous voice : " My lord, what have you done with cur gueBts 7" "Done with them!" echoed St. Aubyn, seizing his arm and forcing him down to words the stairs, " I have done nothing with them. They are gone—gone to catch the London train—and I am going too. Be quick 1 Have out the horses and shut up the house, and don't ask another question, if you value your life." The old man obeys, wringing his hands and moaning as be descends the winding stairs. St. Aubyn darts back to the door of the black drawing-room, shuts it and locks it, putting the key in his pocket, and then fol lows in old Seymour's steps with a strange feeling of relief, as if he had locked his dark night's work safe and secure in that turret room. He crosses the draughty corridor, and makes bis way straight to his wife's rooms. She is yet sitting before the smouldering ashes, wrapped in her soarf, her brown hair clinging to her white thin cheeks, the tears not yet dry upon her long ashes. She is faBt asleep, poor, weary little Bess, and lost in a happy dream. A vivid smile lights her still features, her hands are clasped, and she murmurs indistinctly : " Ah, Bsdmond, Esdmond, is it you?" cries Bces. St. Aubyn drops on his knees beside her chair, and takes the slender figure in his tffnas.—(75f bt (entinued.) 