THüMERCURT.l BOB ART: THURSDAY, AUG. 27, 1S9Í. ? - , EPITOME OF NEWS. Public meeting at Glenorchy, to-night at 7.31. Lecturo on China at Memorial Hall, to- night. ' Toa and public meeting at Hobart Taber- nacle, to-night. , Wesloyau Centonary public meeting at New Town, to night. Next New Town Pony Trot and Race meeting on the Uth prox ; nominations 2nd. Chalmers Literary Association meeting to- night. Readings and recitations. Usual meeting of Royal Raglan Lodge, M.U., to-nightand every alternate fortnight. Tho Tasmanian Harriers run from Old Beach to Risdon on Saturday next. Dean Dundas expected to return to Hobart to-morrow evening. Prograramo of Butti» eil Races in this issue. Six events. Nominations 12th prox.; weinhts 2Gth. i Result of yesterday's V.D.L. Bank meeting is to be an effort to amalgamate with the National Bank on terms already approved of by general manager of that bank. , Zeehan Improvement Committee' want residence areas sold to present holders at prices varying from £10 to 4M0 per aero ; and proposals for auction sales struck out of bill. At meeting of Mornington Brick and Freestone Co. last evening it was resulved to dispose of reserve shares. j Queen gone to Balmoral. ' Utopia left Gibraltar for Glasgow. Horrors of Russian famine increasing. Prince and Princess of Wales sympathising with the Russian Jews. j French fleet has left Spithoad for Cher- bourg. > i Bank of South Australia shares improving. Latest quotation, £1810s. ! Part of the watch booty stolen at South- eastern railway station recovered. j ' Colliery disaster in Glamorgan. Two hun- dred and fifty miners entombed. ' ' Ñowly perfected Victorian torpedo' boat steams 24¿ knots and steers « eil. I Flood Relief Committee in Melbourne have received £18,072. I Williamstown ballast mon aro starting a Stevedoring Co.; capital, £1,000. f Good milling wheat in Melbourne held! for 5s. Gd. I Mr. Wilkinson, New South Wales Govern- ment geologist, died yesterday. I Price of wheat still haidening in' the London market. I Contraband arms and seditious manifestoes seized in Roumelio. I Land offered in South Africa for the Booth colonising schema. | America shipping 800,000 bushels of wheat 'daily to European ports. Orange Lodges in Indian Army sup- pressed. I Denis Hogan, landlord of Commercial Hotel, Glen Innes, arrested for arson. I R.M.S. Oruba, mail steamer, passed Cape Otway inward bound at 11.25 a.m. yesterday. Hurricane at Senegal has caused wrecks and loss of life. Í I Stench from corpses in vaults of St. Mary Woolnoth Church, London, has compelled closing of theledifico. - > ' Sir Henry Parkes in no hurry with Fede- ration Bill. Says he will deal with it when opportunity offers. Royal Commission to inquire as to method of adopting financial institutions suggested in New South Wales Assembly. ? t Jules Ferry says, after 50 years' experience of protection, Franco should now enjoy.the British luxury of f reetrade. , Russia proposes that Turkey should cede territory in lieu of payment of arrears of war indemnity. Terrible storms again prilevaing in Eng- land. British naval officers weather- bound aboard French vessels. I In the Legislative Council yesterday, ' ' Mr. Page presented a petition from 1(007 persons, praying that more than one totall sator be allowed at race meetings. The amendments made to the Lands Re- sumption Bill in Committee were agreed to by the Council, and tne third reading fixed for next day. ' The Treasury Bills Bill was passed through all stages-the Standing Orders being sus- pended for that purpose. The Waratah Zeehan Railway Bill was further considered in committee, progress reported, and leave given to eit again next day. The Council adjourned at 10.5 p.m. until 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly at 4 o'clock, after the formal business. The Attorney-General tnovod the second reading of a Bill to provide for the Submission of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia, for tho con- sideration of the people of Tasmania. After a longthy debate, Mr. Cltisi» moved Mr. Lette into the chair, to enable the Síkakek to address the House on the question. The Speaker moved the adjournment of the debate till 4 o'clock to-day (Thursday), which was carried. The bill to authorise the raising of £200,000 by debentures was returned from the Legis- lative Council without amendirionts. The amendments in tho Zeehan, Dundas, and Mount Read Railway Bill, and tho bill to amend tho Dundas-Zeehan Railway Act were agreed to, and both bills read a third time. , The bill to further amend the Post Oflico Act, 1881, was read a second time. Com- mittee fixed for this day (Thursday). ! A Solort Committeo was appointed on the Fingal-Mathinna Railway Bill. The Attoiinev-Gkneral brought in a bill to further amond the Companies Act, 18S9, | which passed its first stages., I At 10.55 the House adjourned until 4 p.m. this day (Thursday). The affairs of the unfortunate V.D.L. Bank have reached another stage, and one which promises to be more plea- sant-which is not saying very much -than some that it has recently gone through. The meeting which took place yesterday was largely at- tended, a fact sufficient to show how many are affected by the failure, and it must be said that the shareholders bore their misfortune in a most patient and most creditable manner. It was expected by some that there would be unpleasant scenes and many charges against various persons, but, happily for the completion of the business in hand, none of these took place, and the discussion was mainly, and properly, confined to the proposals which the committee had to make rela- tive to an amalgamation with the National Bank of Launceston. The facts which came out relative to the affairs of the V.D.L. Bank are known to the public already, to all intents and purposes. They are as we stated them on Monday last. A sum of, say, £60,000 remains as the debris of the capital invested by the shareholders, that is, £250,000. This remainder has been reached by what the experimentalists call a pro- cess of exhaustion. The original com- mittee appointed by the shareholders, with power to sell the business to another institution, after the failure of the negotiations with the City of Melbourne Bank, appointed a sub- committee, consisting of Messrs. FYSH, HAYLE, and FITZGERALD, to value the assets, who have made the report, which was read to the meeting yesterday. That report was unsatisfactory to many, and it was not supported by Messrs. W. H. Burgess and Pearce, who hold that some £120,000 remain, or would be obtained if the assets were carefully realised. There is no doubt that many overdrafts have been ruthlessly cut down, it is possible that in some cases a mistake has been made, but we have the fact before us that several large shareholders-one of the largest shareholders in the bank in fact-are of opinion that the best has been done which was possible in the circumstances of the case. We know, of course, that the City of Melbourne Bank did not propose to take over the assets at all in the first instance, but meant to leave them to work themselves out at the risk, of the shareholders. Possibly, under such an arrangement the shareholders would have fared better than they now can in any event, but the City of Melbourne Bank is off, no one quite knows why, and something had to be done to prevent that which every- body dreads, namely, liquidation, which is a process of converting solid cash into lawyers' fees, and of pulling up a tree in order to gather what little fruit may be actually on its branches. Speaking plainly, the share- holders cannot help themselves. Better might have been done for them, per- haps, by a higher valuation of their assets, but what is done is done, and no good can come from any further discussion on a matter which is abso- lutely settled. After all, assuming that things are as good as the two members of the original Shareholders' Committee sup- pose, the shareholders will get a pro- portion of whatever is over the lowest estimate. The proposed arrangement with the National Bank will entitle them to one share in that bank for every five which they now hold in the V.D.L Bank, as soon as, the estimated surplus of £60,000 or so is realised They will get these shares issued to them at £5 each, whilst the National Bank shares are quoted to-day at £7 3s Assuming that a larger sum is realised for the assets, then the V D L Bank shareholders will get one- sixth of whatever it may be. This is not much, indeed, but it is better than nothing, which would be the result if the business went into liquidation. It was urged at the meeting yesterday that this was an unfair arrangement, as the National Bank stood to gain and not lose, but it is well to bear in mind that no bank would be at all likely to take over the business, unless it saw its way to make some profit out of the transaction. Even the shareholder in the V.D.L. Bank, hardly as they must be treated even at the best, will see, we are sure, that it is desirable to make a considerable sacrifice in order to get things settled so far as they are concerned, whilst if the matter is looked at from a public point of view, no sacrifice can well be too great to enable business to be set going again. And, further, we may say almost any sacrifice is desirable to prevent a number of per- sons being ruthlessly sold up by a liquidator, without thought of or care for the ruin which he may cause. The fullest details of the proposed amalgamation with the National Bank will be found in another part of the paper, and a tabular statement showing precisely what is its effect. This pro- posal has, of course, yet to receive the consent of the shareholders of the National Bank, who will at once be called upon to consider the subject. It will be seen that one condition is, the raising of £125,000 in Hobart, as its share of the new capital, whilst Launceston is expected to raise £50,000 as its proportion These shares are to be issued on very favourable terms, which will render the payment of the various instalments easy, and be- sides this there is the assistance which the Government has undertaken to afford, which is one great induce- ment for the National Bank to come in and help to establish a business which should be within a compara- tively short time a most remunerative one. It remains, of course, for Hobart to set about doing its portion of the work at once, and we believe that it will do it. Many offers have been made during the past few weeks which go to show that both the means and the will to use them exist, so that we may hope that the required capital will be subscribed within a few days. Indeed, when we recall to mind what the much-dreaded liquidation must mean, we think that few persons pos- sessed of the power will be unwilling to exert it now, especially when they have the prospect of an excellent in- vestment before them. A LONG debate took, place in the House of Assembly yesterday on the second reading of the Bill to próvido for the Submission of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Australia, as adopted by tho Sydney Con- vention, for the consideration of tho people of Tarmnnia. Tho Attorney-General intro- duced the mensuro in a maBterly speech, in the course of which ho pointed out that the people should have the right to decide this question, and that this was the system which had been adopted in connection with the American Constitution, and also in regard to the constitutions of' many of the States. The Treasurer followed, dealing with the financial aspect of tho question, eNplaining tho nutnre of the objections to the system'of returning the surplus Customs revenue to the States in propoition to the I amount originally contributed, instead of on the basis of population. He admitted J this would put Tasmania at a disadvantage, but expressed a confident opinion that under the bill, so soon as the Federal Parua- I ment adopted a uniform tariff, the surplus would be returned upon the basis of population. , He, estimated the direct loss to Tasmania'by Federation at, probably, £50,000 a year. For thlsjthey wonld gain the advantages of unity between the people of the colonies, open markets for their produce, and a common system j of defence. He considered the boon of free ports would be] in itself bo greit that £50,000 would not be too much to pay for it. Mr. Lette raised an objection to the bill, on the ground that they were hand- ing over the powers of Parliament to the people of the colony. He held that Parliament should be above all other powers in the country. Mr. Bennett took a similar view, believing that Parliament should first pronounco on the bill and the people shou'd ratify their action or other v. ¡se. Other members followed in favour of the bill, Mr. Fenton again airing his old fad that the Commonwealth Bill did not próvido for securing intercolonial freetrade, without which Federation would be of, little value. Mr. rReibey pointed out that parliament was the crea- ture of the people nppo'nted to carry out a certain form' of constitution ii government, and it had no power to alter that form of government without the direct consent of the people. Messrs. Henry and Dobson spoke strongly in favour of the Common- wealth Bill, complimenting the representa- tives of Tasmania at the Convention in the highest terms. J Mr, Davies raised ans objec- tion to the schedule of the bill on the ground of inequality of representation, but said this might be amended in committee. He and other members expressed their iutcntion of supporting the bill. Mr. Crisp pointed out some of the disadvantages likely to arise from Federation, but supported the bill, and expressed a desire to hear the Spe ikor on the subject. - With this object in view, he moved that, Mr. Lette take the chair. This nae carried, and the Speaker having taken his place on the floor of the House moved the adjournment of the debate until 4 o'clock this day (Thursday), which Was carried^ ~ t j" 1 HEBE will, be a^Jbloodlesa revolution on the Wo»t Coast, and the . sleepers onj those railways will be lipped up," , said "Mr. Dobson in' the House of Assembly last evening on/ the consideration of .the j amendment made in the Zeehan, Dunda* andMountReadRailwayBill. Theoccasionof the remark was in reference to the ratrs for traffic, which Mr. Dobson feared were ex- cessive. He, did not assert that they were so, - but expressed a strong opinion that Mr. Back's judgment should bo obtained on = - ates before they were finally adop'od. The Minister ot Lands ex- plained that'Mr..Back hud been consulted, and had affirmed the rates' in the bill, ex- cepting the 9d.~per ton per mile for; goods. That had virtually been fixed by the House in the previous session. The Minister re- sented the idea that ho should he required to bring down technical reports from the officors of the department on all occasions. The House wouldpbjcct to having the opinions of the officers thrust down their throats, and members would act upon their own judg- ment. Mr. Fenton and some other mem- bers were of opinion that the lines would ho worked upon commercial principle», and the traffic would really regulate tho'rates. The Attorney-General pointed out that the con- cessions to these companies were all on one sido. There was no quid pro quo, and the Houte hod virtually the t nmepowcr as in Eng- land, and could alter the ru'.cs as they might see fit. Mr. Davies considered the Attorney General's doctrine most extraordinary, and thought thot there was a quid pío quo as the syndicates did that which they were not prepared to do for themselves. r The subject was debated at length, several members ridiculing the idea that Parliament could niter the rates after making them part of the contract by Act'of Parliament. The Attorney-General insisted that they, could dp this "if required,in tho public interest." It may joerhaps beso, but j we venturo to think, if 'Parliament ever did such a lhin{>,' the' mcii'ibcra ^f the syndicate would havo u strong, equitabje claim to sub- stantial compensation, and > they would most likely gef^ it.1' Mr'.' Dobson made a powerful reply upon the discussion' and injsupport of adjournment. , Eventually the amendments wcro agreed to, and .the bill read a third time and passed. - ! A itETCBN of the imports and exports to and from Victoria, , which lins recently^ been issued, brings out some rather eui ious1 re- sults, resultsjwhich cannot but cause us to doubt whether protection is quite | so prcat a Success as it is gencruliy declared to be. ,j\Ve have a return before us for devon years, and this shows a steady increase during the period of' the imports from all countries. The^ imports have rispn, in fact, from 14J millions in 1880 to close upon 23 millions in 1890\. , The impoits from this colony stand much the same at tho present day as they were eleven years ago, for tiley amounted to £341,951 in, 1880, and were £308,151 last year. There is a very large in- crease in the «imports from Queensland, amounting to over, £200,000, there is also n large increase in the imports from Kew South Wales and South Australia, but there íb not much difference to note in regard to the other colonies. There are also large increases in the impôt ts from the United States, und under the head of " other foreign countries" the increase is from £958,728 to £2,429,447 in eleven years. The exports from Victoria, however, show a considerable falling off To all countries they amounted to nearly 16 millions in 1880, but last year they had fallen to a little over 13 millions, and in some previous years did not much exceed 11{ millions. Thero is a marked de- cline in the exports to the United Kingdom, which seems to !m\e been going on for some years, and which, we know, hoi caused not a little comment und speculation. There is not much difference in the value of the exports to New South Wale«, and the exports to New Zealand baie füllen to about [ one half of what they were eleven j ears ago, whi st to Queensland they havo increased by £300,000. South Australia shows a decline in the exports thereto au ccmparc<l with those of elc\cn j cats ago, whilst, thcie spems to be little chaDgc in this por tion of the trade with Tasmania, which lius, however, \aiied considerably from year to year The expor's to Western Anstislia show a moderato nicrcusc, under tho head of "othei Btilish possessions" there is a falline, off, whilst there is au niutuie li' the e\ ports to the United St ites Under the hoad of " other foreign Staten," thocxpoils have liaon from £88,770 in 1880 to £1,378,520 in 1890. ) «' . i " / JJ,' . i -I Road Tkust Emotion. - Messrs. Ellis Do»n and Isaao Trifiitt have been nominated candidates for the two vacancies «xisting in the Lower Derwent Road Trubt, and will be dulv^ déchu ed elected. Powce Ckntiulisation.-In conformance with tho wishes of the ratepayers a poll to determine whether the Governor Bhiill bo petitioned to accept the surrender^ by tho Glenorchy Municipality of tho police con trol'wlll be held on tho'22nd prox. Gi.KSonciiY Watku Sditi.y.- A pub'io meeting of _ tho ratepayers of Glenorchy Water District will bo held at the Connell Chamber?, Glenorchy, to-night, at 7.30, to enable the trusted to report progress, show plans, and give information lo the rate p tyers. Mornington Buick and Freestone Quarries Co., Limited. - A mcetii.g of sliureholdcis' of this company was hold yistordsy evening, when tho chiirman of dirrctors, Mr. McCrackcn, and the follow- ing shareholders : Messrs. Griibb, Kennedy, Risby, Baily, Sharp, R. W. Butler, Rowlands, C. Davits, E Rogers, A. Coote, V. Butler, and A. A, Butler, Sec, were present. Mr. McCrackcn read the balance sheet, which Bhowed a loss account of £2,770 Is. 3d., which had been sustained from the commencement of the company. He suggested that the 5,000 shares which were held in reserve should be offered for sale, and he felt confident that he would have no difficulty in disposing of thom at 4s. per share, which would bring £1,000 to be placed to tho credit of the company for future development. Mr. G ni ob, who stated that he hid done all that laid in his power to ensure the success of the company, believed that the business could be made to pay well. There was always a good demand for brick 8. There was not sufficient shed accommodation, und this prevented the output of bricks which were already under order. It was proposed, seconded, and carried that it be a recom- mendation to the Melbourne directorate that Messrs Grubb, Coote, and R. W. Butler bo re-appointed local directors. Mr. Grubb suggested that the 5,000 shares held in reserve by the company bo disposed of as Mr, McCracken had recommended, and this was carried. Mr. E. J. Rogers thunked Mr. McCrackcn for his attendance on behalf of the shareholders, and also lccominecdcd the printing of the balance-sheet ivith the names of shareholders attached. This concluded the business, j Art Gallery.-There has been loaned to the Art Gallery from .the .private collection ofagenblemau in the city Mr. Jules Jucquet's ttching of Mcissonicr's important woik re- presenting one of the most ttrlking cpi-odcB in the career of Napoleon Buonaparte. The subject is tho chargoof tho 12th Cuirassiers under tho eagle eye of the great Napoleon, who is surrounded by His generals-Berthier, Duroc, and Bcssieios. Before the Emperor and his staff sweep that celebrated regiment in a wild gallop The wild uction of tho reckless charge is realistically portrayed, the painter having chosen that,soul-stirring time when, as the regiment 'dashes past, " stern veteran, gay recruit; captain and conscript, trooper and trumpeter, join In the exultant roar, 'Vive l'Empereur li" The etching largely attracts tho attention of visitors ' ...i.-' ' Dean Dundas.-The following telegram was received in Hobart yesterday irotn Mr». Kennion, wife of the Bishop of, Adelaide : - " Dean Dundos hopes to arrive in Hobart on Friday next,' but will telegraph his movements from Melbourne." . It has been decided to tender au uddrcss of welcome to Dean Dundas on his return to the" colony after his visit to England, and in view of this signutnres are now being taken at the Diocesan Book DopOt. Tickets of ¡k1 mi sion to the reception are also obtainable at the Barre place. ' '; ' China and the Chinese.-A lecture on " China and the Chinese :'their Habits and Customs,''with limelight ' effects by Mr. Nat Oldham, will be given in the Memorial Hull to-night at 8 o'clock. - ' Wkrlevan Centenary at New Town. -Dr. Watkin wi'l address a public meeting on " John Wesley and the Methodist Revo- lution," at the^ Wesleyan Church, New Town, to-night. Mr. *S<T~H.~Burrow a will preside, and1 the choir will render select music. Horart Tabernacle.-A welcome tea meeting will be g.veu to Pastor McCullough to-night, at 6.30, on'his return after a well tarncd rest. At 8 o'clock a public meeting will be held. Last evening there was a service of song, "The Pilgrim's Progress," illus- trated by dissolving views, which formed a pleasingly instructive entertainment. Sacred Heart School, New Town.-A very enjoyable concert., was given in this Bohoolronm lost evening before a large andience, the rpacious room being filled in every part. Owing to indisposition a couple of the performers wore unable to take part, but the gap was ably filled by Messrs. J. Conolly, J. Fox, and J. Kearney. The comic element devolved upon Mess«. J. Conolly and J. Fox-, und they well fitted their parts, tho first named keeping the large audience in ronrs of Uunhter with his rendition of "Mr. Mulcahy, Esquire," and ' Up came Jones." The other performers acquitted themselves in first-class style. The vocal items were accompanied on the piano byJMiss M. Reynolls mid Miss L. Griffiths in their usuul efficient-manner. Much praise is also due to Mr. J. Kingsley, tho energetic EPCietaiy, who had all his arrangements eomp'ete. At the con elusion the Rev. Father Grant, in a mat littlo speech, thanked the various per- formers for their kindness, and tue large oudiencefortheirattenduoce, andpro-eedings then terminated with the National Anthem. The following w as the programme :-Song, "They all love Juck," Mr. Conolly; "Ora Pro Nobis," Miss L Griffiths ; song, " Around the cimp fiie," Mr. J. Fox ; duet, " Larbcnrd watch," Mr. and Mrs. Conolly ¡ song, " When Nelly was raking; the hay," Mr. Maurice Bateman ; " Carnovalo," by the choir of Sacred Heart Church ; song, "Mr. Mulcahy, Esq.," Mr. J, Conolly; song, " Sing me an .English song," Mrs. Conolly; song, "Save my mother'B p'cturc," Mr. J, Fox; Bong, "Scenes that are brightest,"/ Miss Griffiths ; recitation, '-'Shumua O'Brien," Mr. James Kearney; comic song, " Up came Jones," Mr. Conolly ; song, "Denrlittlo Shamrock," Mrs. Conolly ; fong,'i"Haul me back again," Mr. Fox; song, "The butterfly dude," Mr. M. Bate- man ; fong, 'J I'll take you home »gain Kath- leen," Mr. Conolly; comic song, "I propossd it," Mr. Coaolly ; God save the Queen. Carnival at Palace Skating Rink. There was ú ({dod attendance at the Palace Skating Rink lost night to witness the grand fancy dress carnival, and the entertain- ment was well worthy the patronage be- stowed upon it. The first item on tho programme was a grand murd) ! on skates, headed by - the Pa'nrc t Build. It was a very interesting Bpectarlo, and though' it "had never been tried before was a great success. The ma/.c running on akutes by the members of the Hoburt Gymnasium was a trying perform ance.'but those engaged went through tho evolutions very cleverly, and were loudly applauded at the close. TJhe Bicyclo ». Skates race fell through, and a race between Messrs. Holding and Ward on skates was submitted, the former winning after a very close contest. Great amusement was caused by the Obstacle Race in character ccstume, won by Mr. Pregnell. The cnter I taimnent was nil through highly appre- ciated by the audience, and Mr. Denne and his assistants did everything they could for the comfort and convenience of their patrons. Mr. E. Cripps had charge of the Palace Band. Bream Creek. - Our correspondent writes : An old man named William Andrew, aged 78, and who has for many years been a residentin the Bream Crrek and Sorell districts, died here last night. It appears that the deceased fell a victim to an apoplectic stroke some 10 days ago, from which he never rallied. His remains will be interred at the Copping ton cemetery to- day. This is the third death that has taken place in the difltrict during the past three weeks. Footiiali. -Yesterday the Horton College team met the Hutchins School at Risdon. The game resulted in u win for Horton by 8 goals 5 bebinds to 4 bchinds. For the Horton Burbury, Jone», Davis, Bacon, Bignold, and Grubb played splendidly, while Gibson, Walker, and Hawson, jun , tried hard to avert defeat. ' Cricket.-A meeting of the Orient Cricket Club waa held in the Mechanic»' Hall last evening. The annual report and balance sheet was read und adopted, and the following officers were elected: -Presi- dent, Mr. J. Noel White ; vice- president, Mr. G. P. McDougol ; captain, A. Haylon ; vice-captain, Ceofl. Fellows ; secretary, W. Kelly ; treuBiircr, C. HawkitiB. Newspaper Sui'I'LKments -The Queens- land Assembly in committee on the Post and Telegraph Bill has passed a clause prohibit- ing cji ringe by post of newspapers contain- ing supplcmeuts printed outside of Queens- land. This will uffect a laige number of Queensland country papers who publish supplements printed in Victoria ond New South Wulu9. The icso'iition is the outcome of agitation by the Typographical Society. " ling I« a good dog, but liulcl-fa-t bettor." Many artliclcs clam to accomplish what SAPOLIO. SAPOLIO SAPOLIO. really does. Try it and be convinced. Sold by Grocers, Druggists, and Ironmongers. City Police Court.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. J. R. Fryer, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. For being drunk and incapable in Campbell street yesterday morning, George Smith was fined 5s., or in dofnult seven days in prison. The case against Hugh Booth, charged with battery, was adjourned for a week to secure the attendance of an im- portant witness. Alfred "Munser failed to appear to answer to a charge of non- compliance with in order of the Court for maintenance at the instance of hiswife, and the case was adjourned for a fortnight. New Town Mctcml Improvement Souietv.- The usual fortnightly meeting of this society was held in the Templars' Hall on Tuesday evening hist. Thero was a good attendance of members mid visito's ; the president in the chair. The subject for the evening was a mock parliamentary election. Thero wore four candidates for one scat; each mado a speech, and was asked a num- ber of questions by the audience At the conclusion a ballot was taken, willi the result that Mr. Hurst was elected. 1 he secretary was instructed to conclude details in connection with a joint debate with Chùlmors Literary Association,' also odo with tho Wcsleyan Literary Society. Tho meeting then terminated. ' ' ? A SCHOM1H.Y Min., pitchad battle was fought a low \\\eii,.-> a^o nearSiman-Torayo, in Hungarv, bctxuen the gendarmes am! a band of Oí) Tsigincu, who wete beggars by diiy mid thi^vis and assassina by night. Kveiy ono of llieni w ja captured, and tho country rejoices in the peace und security thus ataund to it. Tho most r( mm kable incident connected with tho brigands is thac thiir voivodc; or cap tan, is ihc author of a dietio-)iiry of the Tsigane langut.gc, tu which lb» Archduke Joseph, «ho is much addicted to etymolo- gical and philological studies, actually con tributed n picfnee. As tho )c;iicog'raphci will most likely bo imprisoned for life, ho will have piéuty e>£ leisure for literury pursuits A SlOllY .V POSTAOK «TAM- ColXlCWG -A Calcutta putive {. \\\ >.; i-f ..< sponefble for the following story :-Some lew >ear« ago, among the Uren th. tivrd by the ex-Ameer of Cabul at Musaoorio waa one addressed to II His Majesty King of Afghani tin," which' ran nearly as follows --'. Vuir Majesty, I ama little German boj, ami am nmltirg a collection oí sUrnpn. Í 'nell \<:ty Hinch to procure some btanips ei you1- Majesty's kingdom, and p''all be wry i.itiuli cMigen if your M.jest^>i.ould tend ir.« «orne." The letter «as i'-i" j ovoi .» *'.- ,íülilioal officer in chirge c{ t io Ameer, who go,»" :r.ture>'*v j answered ;' h lottf r, enclosing n nm ill i collection . 'I Cabul .itanips. In (lui course >?'i.iti? a reply from " thu little- . Gerrc hy"-"Kind Kngtlsh Officer, the stains which you have, kiudly sent !mt have lu rived, and uro valued by me ¡u my col'ection. I showed them and your letter to a distinguished German officer,'* who is now staying at my father's house ; and ' he is so pleased with the kindness of an English officer to a little German boy that I asked bim to give me his photograph to sond, to you, which lie has done, and hope^-you will accept it". The letter contained, a photo fraph, /with the autograph, " Von Moltkc, 'ield-Marshal." " The little Gorman boy" turned out to be the son of a we'l-known manufacturer, who had been most liberal in providing benevolent institutions for-.work- men in'Germany, and who was the Field Marshal's hoit during the manoeuvres in the neighbourhood of his property. '?' j TjieCzak Masquerading.-Ono night* or ruth r morning (so writes G. A. Sala in the Echoes of the Week), winn the ball', was over, His Imperial Majesty, with a heavy fuf pelisse over his demon's dress, hailed a hack .droschky, and bado the intvosahik drive him to a house in a particular, Btrcct, which «as, indeed, the residence of one! of the Czar's aides-de-camp, whore he intendei to change bis clothes. The droschky driver happened to be a professional robber and murderer, and he drove his august fine down several dark streets, and on to ;tho frozen Neva, where he intended to slay his passenger, plunder the body, break a hole in the ice, and throw the corpse into the river, to be carried down to Cronstiidt. So, suddenly standing up in the sledge, and brandishing a hatchet, he cried out to Iii« intended victim : " I demand thy life !" But the Czar Nicolas Btood up likewiso-he was almost u giant in stature-and, in a stentorian tone, replied : " I demand thy soul !" Wheu the would-be ns«assin saw the moonbeams gleaming on what hothought to be the very devil himself, horn», hoofs, tail, and all, ho uttered one appalling yell, fell backward, and presently gave up the ghost.,-_ A poU-morlem examination showed that was very far goue with disease of tbehc.1 tah 