Iu the Ladies' Gallery. ' No great thing was over achieved without difficulty. The discovery of Australia was not achieved without difficulty.' As these words, falling from tho Vice-regal lips, float up to the straining ears in the ladies' gallery, they evoke a sudden vision some 200 years old ; a vision of a couple of unworthy old sea-ti'bs, manned by wasted, starving, despairing crews, buffeting with storms, tossed about almost at will of wind and wave, threatened with wreck on what appeared but a barren and inhospitable shore. What would bravo old William Dampier say if his ghost could but arise and sit at the feast now spread below ? He hold fast to that same creed that no great discovery can be achieved without overcoming obstacles, held to it in the teeth of mutiny, injustice, misrepresentation, ill-health, hunger, thirst and peril of death ; held fast to his faith, in spired others therewith, and behold the result. A goodly one in sooth. Two little centuries, and we have oxchanged starvation for feasting, privation for luxury, the despair of the exile for the civilization of the sybarite, and the oc- ' cupants of the apparently uninhabitable land are preparing to form one of the mighty nations of the earth. Great events are loom ing upon us, and accordingly corks are pop ping, knives and forks clattering, for the basis or tne criciMi constitution is notoriously a good dinner, and Briton's sons of the South are bound to keep up the national tradition ; but amid the prose of viands and champagne steals the poetry of the picturesque, and the doleful black garments of tho guests only help to throw up the graceful decorations of the Centennial Hall. The British colours in subdued red, blue and white lights, tho British flag above tho well-known motto blend with tho starry flag of tho South, with tho sub-tropical plants and festooning leaves that, alono remind us of our ahsenco from Europe. One pale white light at the foot of tho vast organ sends soft rays past the palm foliage oh the darkened platform down to Lho principal tublc where the Viceroy's uniform shows up near the Cardinal's bright robes ; but, savo for a few scarlet coats, tho general body of tho hall is sombre ; light and colour are massed up above. And tho colour is animated and restless, for the fair ones of Sydney have turned out en masse to do honour to Australia's future, and thoy are arrayed in all tho daintiest, flimsiest raiment that female coquetry can devise ; every variety of sweet face may be suuu uruuiiu, »cl uu 1:1 u varieu costume, ana quaint picturesque heads match with quaint draperies which :take you well-nigh back to Dampier's contemporaries ; gipsy rod cloths, enow white or palo green gauzes; rich velvets and glancing satins, have converted the packed galleries into a parterro. But the animated flowers aro uneasy in thoir minds, for they have attired themselves in honor of a queen who is making a first public appearance, and even tho intorest taken in the proceedings down bolow can not cope with the nervous excitement that creates a succession of false alarms, and whispered, ' Here sho comes.' At last, when tho banquet proper is over, and the band is playing national airs, thero is a sudden stop ; a call of ' threo cheers for Lady Jersey,' and tho Governor's wife glides into hor seat in a shimmering Lamia-liko 'costume of grcenand gold and flashing diamonds. Tlio band resumes with a lively Irish air ; the ladies' gallery breathes freoly, feeling it has not dressed in vain, and turns its attention to tho business of tho evening, which- is waxing energetic. For tho venerable Premier, the knight-errant, if not the father of tho Federation Convention, is on his feet, and vigorous applause is punctuating his remarks. We of tho gallery cannot well punctuate, for hearty though tho orator be, his ?voice can scarce fill the hall which shelters ono of the largest organsinthe world; still wo gather, from a chance word now and then that Sir Henry and all his hearers are intensely loyal, and that federated Australia proposes to be a model and cherished child of tho mother country. Lord Jersey ia on his feet now, speaking with a clear and ringing voice which belies his appearance, and as ho dilates on tho pride and glory of tho present moment on tho 'glorious epoch' whioh this Sydney Con vention is ushering in, wo all feel a sudden thrill of self importance ; wo are looking at history if wo aro not helping to mako it and the gallery feels pleased alike with itself and its now Governor. After this tho toasts and the speechos appear to pall on those upstairs, tho Cflllflrv 'rows wnarv. invnufio-ntnQ in rlnfn/»l, _ monts tho attractions of the coffee-room, and sauntors back to listen to tho singing and music that rcliovo tho speeches at intervals ; even tho military herald on tho platform who oommands attention by moans of a trumpet, now fails to raiso a smilo ; tho black coats down stairs are thinning, and tho dresses upstairs follow suit while tho lights grow dimmer, and tho air is heavy with tho srnoko of cigars. Tho banqueters nro going to start that history -making whioh will present diffi culties to bo overcome; whether tho gnlleiy takes a practical interest in thoir doings is bo sido tho mark. As yet thoro is no Australian rival to tho witty_ Frenchwoman who claimed a vested interest in tho laws which woro em powered to cut oil' hor head. 