THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. BY B. L. ITAKJEOJn, ''Author of "Groat Porter-square," Farcbrother," &c.; ' Miser CHAPTER III. ATHHILLING INCIDENT. " The wonder is." said Ojnstable Nightingale, while Mrs. Middlemore shook tlie snow out of bur clothes, " how you had the courage to venture out in such weather.'* " It's 'abit, Mr. Nightingale, that's what it is. Once I get to doing a chiug regular, done it inunt be if I want to keep my peace of mind. There wouldn't be a wink of sleep for me if I didn't go and fetch my supiier beer myself every night. I don't keep a gal, Mr. Winks" "Wigg,"said that gentleman in correction, with a dreamy look at the beer jug. " I beg you a thousand pardons, Mr. Wigg, I'm sure. I don't keep a gal, ana that's why my pki-e is always nice anil cleau, as you see it now. If you want your work done, do it yourself—that's my motter. Not that I can't afford to keep a gal, but Mr. Felix he ses when he comes to me about the rooms when I didn't ; ave a blessed lodger in tue 'ouse, ' III take 'em,' he ses, ' conditionally. You musn't let a room in the place to anybody but me.' * But I make my living out of the rooms, sir,'ses I, 'and I can't afford to let 'em remain empty.' You can afford,' ses Mr. Felix, ' if I pay for \- 'em remaining empty. What rent do you arks for the whole 'ouse with the exception of the Ijasement?' I opened my mouth wide, I don't mind telling you that, Mr. Wigg, when I put a price upon the 'ouse. Ail he ses is,' Agreed.' ' Then there's attendance, Eir,' I ses. 4 How much for that ?' he arks. I opens my mouth wide agin, and all be ses is, 'Agreed.' You Bee, Mr. Wigg, seeing as W you're a friend of Mr. Nightingale's, and as no friend of his'n can be anything, but a gentleman, there's no 'arm in my telling you a thing or two about Mr. Felix, more especially as you're on night duty 'ere." "Hore's to our better acquaintenance,"«said 1 Constable Wigg, laying hands on the beer jug in an absent kind of way, and raising it to his mouth. When, after a long interval, he put it down again with a sigh of intense satisfaction, he met the reproachful gaze of Constable Nightingale, who gasped, , " Well, of all the cheek ! Without ever being asked !" " Love your heaA," said Mrs. Middlemore, "what does that matter? He's as welcome «E the flowers in May, being a friend of your'n." She handed the jug to Constable Nightingale, asking, as she did so, " Did you ever 'ave a inspiration, Mr. Nightingale Constable Nightingale did not immediately reply, his face being buried in the jug. When it was free, and he had wiped his mouth, he said in a mild tone—any harsh judgment he may have harboured against Constable Wigg being softened by the refreshing draught— 1 must have had one to-night when I come this way, out of my beat, to have a talk with Wigg, and to see that you was all right. The tat&rs; in the oven 11 be burnt to a cinder if they're cot took out immediate." ' "You're got a no»e for baked taters, you 'ave," said Mrs. Middlemore, admiringly. "Trust you for finding out things withouteyes! But you always can smell what I've got in the oven." Constable Wigg rubbed his hands joyously when he saw Mis. Middlemore lay three plates and draw three chairs up to the table. Then she whipped the baked potatoes out of the oven, paying— ; "Done to a turn. Now we can talk and s 'jive supper at the same time. Make yourself at 'otne, Mr. Wigg, and help yourself to what \- ybuiike. ITl 'avea bit of fowl, Mr. Nightingale, and jest a thin slice of the cold pork, if you please, Mr. Wigg.. It's a favourite dish of yours, X can see. Mr. Nightingale, you won't make compliments, I'm sure. You're he last man as ought tb in this "house." Con- , table .Nightingale pressed her foot-under the ;: '^tble, and she smiled at liim, and continued, "I was going to tell you about my inspiration when I got the supper beer. ' A pint and a half won't be enough,' ses I to myself; a pint and a hairs my regular allowance, Mr. Wigg; and I don't find it too much, because I don't drink sperrits. ' A pint and a half won't be enoogb,'ses I to myself; 'I shouldn't ba surprised if a friend dropped in, so I'll double it.' And I did." /'That'ssomething like an inspiration,"said Constable Nightingale, looking amorously at , Mrs. . Middlemore, who smiled amorously at faim in return. Constable Wigg cut these amorous inclining^ short by remarlang, " We was talking of Mr. •Felix. Nightingale commenced twice to-night \telling a story about him, and it's not toid yet." * "Not my fault, Wigg," Constable Nightingale managed to say, with his mouth full. : .'Til tell my story first." said Mrs. Middle- Jmore, "and he can tell his afterwards. Try them sausages, Mr. Wigg. Mr. Felix always ; >S'the best of everything. I buy 'em at Wall's. •So when he ees '.Agreed' to the rent and attendance, he ses, 'And about servants ?' 'I can't afford to keep more than one. Sir,' I ses. 'Yotf can,' ses he; 'you can afford to keep none. Youll find" me the best tenant you ever 'ad, and what you've got to do is to foller my instructions. * I'll do my best, Sir,' ses I. 'It '11 pay you,' ses he, ' to let me do exactly as I please, and never to cross ine.* And I'm bound to say. Mr. Wipe, that it 'as paid me never to cross 'im and never to aiks questions. ' We shall git along capitally together,'ses he, 'without servants. They're a prying, idle lot, and I won' 'ave 'em creeping up the stairs on welwet toes to find cut what I/m doing. So keep cone, Mrs. Midelemore,' he ses. • not a ghost of one. You can wait on roe without assistance. If I want to entertain a visitor or two 111 'ave the meals brought in ready cooked, and if we want faextrs, attendance I'll git Gonter to" send in a man as knows 'Is business and can 'old 'is tongue.' Of course I Wag agreeable to that, and he pays me down . a month in advance, like the gentleman he is. - Thouch I don't drink sperms,Mr. Nightingale, that's no reason why you should deny yourself. You know, where the bottle is, and per'aps Mr. Wiggvrjlljineyou." "Sjrs. Middlemore," said Constable Wigg, ''you're a lady after my own heart, and I'm glad I'm-alive. Here's looking towards you." "Thank you, Mr. Wigg," said Mrs. MiddlerooFB, "and what I say is, it's a shame that menlikeyouand Mr. Nightingale should be trapesing the streets with the snow coming down and the wind a-blowing as it is now. Jest listen to it; it's going on worse than ever. Might I take the libertv of enquiring—you being on the beat, Mr. Wigg—whether you sor a lady come out of the house while I was gone for the supper beer ?" "No lady come out of the house," replied Constable Wigg. " A man did." "A man!" cried Mrs. Middlemore. " Not Mr. Felix, Burely?" "No, not him," said Constable Nightingale. "A strange-looking man, with a red handkercher round his neck." " A strange- looking man, with a red 'ankercher round 'is neck?" exclaimed Mrs. Middlemtrfe. " 'Ow did he git in ?" "That's not for ns to say," said Constable Nightingale. " Perhaps Mr. Felix let him in when you was away." "Yes, most likely, said Mrs. Middlemore, with an air of confusion which she strove vainly to conceal from the observation of her visitors; " of course that must be. Mr. Felix often lets people in 'isself. 'Mrs. Middlemore,' he sea sometimes, 'if there's a ringor a knock at the door. Ill attend to it. You needn't trodbleyourself.' And I don't—knowing 'im, and knowing itH pay me better to foller 'is instructions. For there's never a time that such a thing 'appens that Mr. Felix doesn't Bay to me afterwards, ' Here's a half-sovering for you, Mrs. Middlemore.'" " You're in for one to-morrow morning, then," observed Constable Wigg, "because it -was a man we saw and not a woman." "He won't forgit it," said Mrs. Middlemore —" not 'im. He s too free and generous with 'is money, so long aB he's let alone and not piy'd upon. What, be does is no business of mine, and I'm not going to make it mine." "Ah, Mrs. Middlemore," said Constable Wigg, emptying his second glass of whisky, "you know which side your bread is buttered." "T wasn't bom yesterday," said Mrs. Middlemore with a shrewd smile, " and I've seed things that I keep to myself. Why not? You d do the same if you was in my shoes, wouldn't you "That we would," replied both the policemen in one breath; and Constable Wigg added " You're a lucky woman to have such a lodger." "Well," said Mrs. Middlemore, "I don't deny it. I never met with such a man as Mr. Felix, and I don't believe there is another. Why, when he took possession he ses ' Clear ont every bit of furniture there is in the rooms. Send it to auction if you like, and sell it, and pocket the money. When I leave you shall either 'ave all my furniture, or I'll furnish the rooms over agin according to your fancy, and it shan't coat you apenny. I was agreeable. Because why. Because be give me £40 on account, to show that he was in earnest. Then he begins to furnish, and if you was to see 'is rooms, Mr. Wigg, you'd be that took aback that you wouldn t know what to say. All sorts of wonderful wood, satins, pioters, swords and daggers, strange rugs and carpets, painted plates and dishes, 'angings, ' old lamps, and goodness only knows what. I don't understand 'arf of 'em. There! I've talked enough about Mr. Felix foronoe. Let's talk of somethink else." 'Do you keep cats, Mrs. Middlemore " asked Constable 'Nightingale, brewing brewinj another grog o for himself and id Constable Wigg. •°I don't," replied Mrs. Middlemore. " Mr. Felix dix won t 'ave one in the V>nte. "There's one in the house now, though," said Constable Nightingale. "It oome in when the wind burst open the street door, and Wigg and me fell into the passage. He says it's not a cat. but a spectre, a ghost." " Lord save us!" ejaculated Mrs. Middlemore. " If Mr. Felix sees it he'll never forgive me. He 'as a 'atred of 'em. And the ghost of a cat, too !" She was so impressed that she edeed closer to Constable Nightingale. '•It was a spectre cat,"said Constable Wigg, desirous to do something to divert Mm. Middlemore's thoughts from Mr. Felix, and also from her leaning towards his comrade. " And then there was that cry for ' Help' I fancied I heard." " What, cry for help *" asked Mrs. Middlemore. " I thought I heard it three times," said Constable Wigg—but he was prevented from going further, by au incident which W_LS followed bv a startling picture. Constable Nightingale, rather thrown off his balance by the drink he had imbibed, and desirous to meet the advances of Mrs. Middlemore, slyly put his arm round her waist, and to hide the move ment from the observation of his brother constable, made a clumsy movement over tho table, and overturned the candle, the effect of which was to put out the light and to leave them in darkness. He was not sorry for it, for the reason that he was hugging Mrs. Middlemoroclose. But Constable Wigg started up in fear, and cried— " Somebody has pushed open the door!" In point of fact the kitchen door had been quietly pushed open, and the other two observed it when their atteution was directed towards it. " What is it ?'' whispered Mrs. Middlemore, shaking like a jelly, " O, what is it?" Constable Niebtingale, for the second time that night pulled out his dark lantern, and cast its light upon the door. And there, imbedded in the circle of light, was the cat which had already twice before alarmed Constable Wigg. They uttered a cry of horror, and indeed they were justified b}- the picture which presented itself. The cat was red. Every bristle, sticking up on its skin, was luminous with horrible colour. It was a perfect ball of blood. • 