A Beautiful Claimant. .m %. I ... " otis-mm i. Bovi.votox Maxou wns not ton miloa from Tlio Sycnmoi-oa, us Mr. Thornton's . placo wns cnllod. Indooil, by llio shortcut novoaa tlio fiold, tho distnnoo was little moro tlmn five ; und ofton had tho robust, honvty Squn-o walked ovor to lunch with his neighbour, to con sult hor about soino favourite liorso or : spooitnon of poultry. 311st introduced into his owu farm — for Miss Bovmg- ton toolc tho wnrmost interost in things agricultural, and hor opinion had often move vnluo than that of a prnotical fnrmor. Tho old maul was a formidable porson to most pooplo. Kvon many of hor noigliboursilookod on hor with a littlo wholosomb droad ; and tho Bquii-e's wifo nlwnys doulnrod one glanco from 'Miss Bovmgtou's blnolt eyes soomod to petrify hor. But Mr. Thornton was honestly fond of his old friond, and put up with her sharp t speeohos ns no one olso would do. V Porhaps she soomod a link with his " lost youth, for slip still trontod him as a boy who required to bo kept in order, while sho was tho only porson who continued tomddross tho irasoiblo old gentloman as " Jim." It wns about ja month aftor Yoro xnornton nnu 11 is irionu uau quiuou Canvas City, and' tho young moil woro ' on their way to England. The Squire, was' rejoicing ip tho nows Iub boy would bo homo in loss than a wool: " whon liis daughter camo dancing into tho room, wherofho sat reading Yore's lottor. A pretty light - hearted girl, and a good ono, too, wns Kitty Thorn ton, and tho pride of both hor parents. 1 Papa! ' sho exclaimed, excitedly. ' Miss Bovington lins sent over. Sho . wants you. to go to tlio Manor at onco. Anthony ib awfully mysterious and won't give mo oven a hint what has happened.' 'The Squire rose at onco. Ho had- .lunohed with Miss Bovington tho day before, and she had oxprossly snid she would not oxpoct him over agniu for a week, ns sho know he had; visitors. Although the richest womn'n for miles round Bobocca Bovington 11 pver gavo liorsolf airs. She was abrupt and outspoken, booause it was her nature, but she novor dreamed. ,of oxpectiug her frionds to bo always at her book and call, or upsetting their plans to suit hor own convenience. Anthony, the old conolimnn, who in; , point of age onmo botwoon the Squire; 'and his lady, touched his lint respect fully as Mr. Thornton nppenred. ' Beg pardon, sir, but tlio mistress, sent hor regards, and boggod you'd ; come over at once.' Evidently Miss Bovington had cal- oulated on her friend's compliance. Anthony had brought tho carriage > and pair. The bays were tho fleetest; t horses for miles round ; thero was to bo no delay iii harnessing the; Squire's own stood. 'Is thero anything the matter, Tony?' demanded Mr. Thornton.; 'I saw your mistress only yesterday, and she seemed quite well then.' . Tony shuddered. ' I oan't say nothing, sir,' ho re plied, with a look of terror, which was not lost upon tlio Squire. ' IVliat the mistross wants you to know Bho'll reu you norsou j out it's ovn uaystuat '.are coming to Bovington, and we'll all he surprised before wo are many weeks'older.' . <7\. _ The Squire's first improssion wns that the old man had boon drinlririg. Kitty, who stood at her father's elbow, was moro merciful in hor verdiot. She felt sure Anthony had received' a terrible fright. 'Papa,' she whispered to the Squire, ' do go with him. I ain sure there is something the matter at the Manor!' 'If there is, that follow Duncan is at the bottom of it,' said the Squire irritably. ' I wish his evil face had never been seen in Yorkshire.' \- The Squire got into the' earrings. And drove ofE just as lie wns, in his ; shooting jacket and easy slippers. Ho said afterwards ho wns so taken aback he never thought of anything but got- ting to Bovington. -Rannnrtft "Rftxrinrrfnn ntno and in more ways than one tho marvol of the parish. Sho had never boon known to ail anything, summer or winter. Heat or cold soemed to have , no effect on hor; and but for . the servants suffering from occasional dis orders, the Manor would have been a dead loss to the village doctor. The old maid refused to have n companion, declaring sho preferred to .'purchase society. Though intensely hospitablo, niid delighting to invito her friends to lunch or dinner, nothing would induce her to have any guests staying in tho house. Bovingtou Manor could linvo accommodated thirty visitors easily, so tho number of .rooms given over to seclusion nnd dis- " use may bo guossod. Tlioro' wns nothing miserly or penurious about Miss Ilebecca. Sho lived in the same state as lier father 'had doge. A butler and footman pre'- eided over hor meals. A groom and: oiiiichiniiii ill I ended to I101 slnhlc-s, an nriiiv of gnruimers miulo tlio grounds 11 mnrvol of bounty, nnd quite u dozen fimmlo sorvniitH woro under tlio orders "of llio"71igiiifiod housukoupoi-;— but— all- tho scrvnuts, nialo and fomalo, with 0110 oxcoption, slopt 111 tho left wing. Miss "Bovington and hor mnid nlono ocoupiod ftlio mam building ; niul, us the Squiro bad 310111101! out to hor a dozon times, sho and Mlizaliotli woro as uttorly at tho mercy of burglars ns though tho army of domostics hud not been in tho other part ofllio liouso. Kobocen 1 Bovington A-ofusod . to ohnngo hnr ) finbits. \ Sho lind - 110 0110111109, sho (feclnvod, .'who would soolc to mui'dor hor. Tho 31I11I0 nnd all lirotitnlilo valu ables woro snfo in tlio butler's cliargo j nnd sho did not think so badly of liumnn nnturo ns to boliovo (.moves would try to fnghton a liolploss old woman, who liud novor 1113 mod anyono in hor lifo. Bosulos, sho confanuocl, for ovor thirty yours sho and Ehzaholli had boon as much unprotected as tlioy, avoro now, and if linrin wns goingjto come to them it would havo urnvod long ngo. As tho lady of tlio Manor was, noted for hor obstinacy, hor frionds yielded, tlio point. - - .- Miss Bovington and' Elizabeth , con-; tinned (11s Mrs; -Thornton -qilirased it); to defy Providonco, -mid so fin- thoy lind osoapod nny. uuplonsiuit oonse-; quoncos _ _ j Tlio Squiro found himself thinking. n »Hanf rlnnl i\Pliianl/l fiif\nrVn finm-inn ns ho was borno, swiftly- towards the; Mnnoi Ho had for Kobocca Bovington al most a brotkorly affoction, and ho.: did-: yiot hido from liimsolf tlint when any-- thmg liap3ionod to his old . 1101 ghbotjv it would bo like losing n donr rolntioii., Sho was oighty-fouiv but tlion alio; soomod youngor iiu her habits than, ninny a woman of. sixty. . Still sho had passed tlio usunl limits of human lifo, niid lio could linrilly hopo for hor to; sop many moro years. » YFbiCtli'e'ifirst timo the Squirt) Ynslcod liimsolf tho quostion whieli 'had'. long ocoiijjied tho -.minds of the Aoiglih'oui'-. hood in goiioral — who would be ' Itebeccn Boviugton's lioiv ? V Tlio Squiro was in easy , civcum- ; stanoos liimsolf, but -lus: wealth was as, nothing compared to . that liis old. friond had to dispose of. ' Tlio Bovingtons had Boon in. York-, shiro for cnuturios. nnd, -liko many old: families, tlioy hatl gono on atoailily gotting riohor. It wns th'o ; hnbit of tho rnco to marry . hoirossos ; and ; though tlioro was mo oiitnil 011 tlio property it had boon tho invariablo, oustora to loavo nearly;' everything to tho oldost 8011. Sydney Bovington, Eobecoala father, , had oonio into' a clear thirty thousand; n-yonr, nnd, besides . the .Manor,, .-n1 Small ostnte in Staffordshire, in ; whioh; coal had rooontly boon found ; so that; for years Eoboooa had boon /growiiig riolior and riohor, until oven an in timate1 friond liko tho Squiro eoilld form no oxnet idon of hor fortune; SI10 lind boon ongngod' to hor cousin Arthur, a dolieate, . studious youth, and tlio ".parents had broken . off the match on account of , tho bad hbaltli of the intended bridegroom ... -. . "... Ho had gone to Australia in a fit of; piqiio, nceompnniod by. ; iis bnlv .' brother, to whom ho was muoli at-: taohod. Tiioir father, Wnltor -Bovington, died soon aftor, and his little -property, wns, at: the- brothors' desire, trans ferred to them in Molboitrno From that day, to this nothing lind been hoard of the j'oting' 111011. . Thoy woro both Eoboeca'a sonior, so )ro- bably. ore this they had . both gono oyer to tho grout majority. 'If sho loft 110 will their children would linvo tlio, money equally ; nnd Arthur's son— supposing ho had ono — inherit all tho land, I 811313)030,' said tho' Squiro to himself, tlioughtfully.;, ' but there will bo 110 ond of comilion-; tions. : It would ho .far -better if sho disiiosed of hor property . liorsolf, though I hope sho will be spnrod for, many a long day.' Mr. Duncan -was standing -.on tlio terrnco stops whon tho Squiro drovo . up — n suavo, slirowu, cloav-lioaclaa man of business. : ' Most pooiilo had thought it nn; oxcollent thing whon lib obtained the post of Miss Boviugton's ngont about a your ligo. He managed hor affairs creditably, kept his qilnce, ana lievor qirosuinod ; but from the first moment of - lus. coming to Bovington tlio Squiro detested him; - - : ; ' Give me ono thing or tho othor,' ho snid, .irritably,' to ; Miss Eobecoii. ' Either have a servant whom" you oan order about, or an. equal .' whom you1 oan treat - ns a friond. I This follow Duucnn is neither. Ho is not n gentleman ;: but ho cousidors liimsolf one.' . . ..-. ' Gentlemen got rarer every year,' Jim !' retorted the old maid. 'He's an oxcollent man of businoss and highly rocommondod.' ' ' Ho is a designing scoundrel ! ' ro- luruou 1110 oquire, uuu you n rugiui the day you saw him. See if yon don't 1 ' Perhaps, to prove hor indopondonco, and show her old friend she did not talco his opinion in all things, Miss Rebecca professed herself very well sotisfied with Mr. Dunonn. : She patronised him, having 0 von asked him to lunch with hor. Tho Squiro shruggod his shouldors ! for a time, ond said nothing; but whon reports of the agent's growing influence reached him. ho grow furious, and said to his wife,— ; . ' She's perfectly .infatuated, I shouldn't wonder if sho' ondod in marrying him.' But Mrs. Thornton, though sho did not cure for Miss Robocca as hor hus band did, would not listen to this disparagement. ' Miss Bovingtou is not in hor dotage, James. Depond upon it sho lias only tukou up this man bocnuso von warned hor against him. You know slio is obstinate.' . ' I suppose you linvo spoken to tlio follow?' growled tlio Squire. ' .1 Irw.lr gni-.ll uni-n lint : to ' alfnw her, to' ihtroduco I11 111 to 1110.' ' ' I linvo novor mot bun.', ..replied. Mrs.- Thornton. ' Ho camo 111 to luioh on Tliuvsdny, whon Kitty was spend ing tho day at.tho Manor.! "Thou if Kitty had had any solf- roepoct, sho would havo 3iut down hoi kinfo and. fork nnd walked lioino.' 'I wns loo hungry,, donr,' put ip Ins daughtor, conxingly; ' Besides, you nvo always oxliorling miX to be attontivo to Miss Bovington ! ' \ ' Horn 1 ; "What wns ho liko, child I ' tjAVbll; ho nto and drank much, like otltor civilised pooplo; but I should lie sorry to son loo muoli of lum, nnd so I told Miss . Jiovington, attorwnrns 1. 'Ronlly, Kitty, you nro getting quito- sharp. Of :courso, she, ask.od jou why ? ' \- ' Yos. -I .told; her I did.qiiot , lcnoiy.', 'Kitty" ' Woll,. pnpii;.il don',t. ..At fii-.stI .thought .it' wns his oyos,. . thoy, look so; pioroing.; thon aftorwards 1 fancied it was Ins mouth, his smilo is so cniol, and calculating ' \- ' And-you told Mis3 Rohecca so ? "'. : Yos.: Slio did not liko it, but she; owned ho lind a vory iieculiar face. I. think ho must ndmu-o hoi- vory much, ho iiovor took his oyes off hoi.' : Mr- Throntoii recnllod nil this as lio. aliglitod from tlio brougham, and snw . t.hn neont win tintr on tho tonnco sto3)s. The lnnn onmo 113) .to .him with- an an, of woll-nssumodbumility. . - 'T am afraid tlioro is somo mistako,; Squiro !: Miss Bovington liorsolf ap pointed twolvo o'clock this moining. to sign some loasos, but the soivnnt.. informs mo she is ongngod.' > , 1 ..s >Squiro Thornton mado - no.tinannoi- of ntiswor. A oholertc -and tlooely 3)rojmlicod ; old . goiitloinnn,-. lip steadily refused to dliow Mr. Duiioah to- rboqirospntoil. to iliiin,- nnd :;lio ,vw na minoyod at tlio, ogent!s .speaking, so unooromoniously. ( He rang n ;pqal: at tlio hall door, : ' wliioh was instantly opened by - tho biitlor, : a staid old fnmiljrsorvant, who, in common; with all Miss11 Boviugton's' rotninors, 'fully snnreu tno .oquiro s:prouuice uguuisi.. Androw Dunoan. : ' ; ' AVlint is that for, Bruco ? 1 aslcod Mr, . Thbrntbh; whon, as lib' ontorod, tho hinn baliiily slippod tho brnss. bolt, ;nnd so soouved tho heavy oaken door agniust all intruders. .Usually it stood open to tlio hall, whoro. a largo firo burnod; ; and . whoso .table . was strewn . with magazines'. and mowspapors to .boguilo tlio iinssing momonts. It is Miss "Bovingtoii's -orders, sir,' said Bruco, rospootfully.: ' -Has Anthony . told;, you what has hap- 3)0110(1 ? ' ' . . '.'1 ! / . -,'Ho lias :told mo -nothing,', answerod tlio Squiro, /..but ho gaver.ino - tlio imfwcBsion somotliing was tlio matter, . and I must say this . bnrrod door looks ; liko it.' - . . :- ,.-.1 ' Bruco noddod ominously. , liad 001110 from tho 'sorvant's 1 wiug this inorniiig, sir, with -tho. pinto-; chost in my hand. Tho womon.we.ro lighting tlio .'fires' in'- tho bi-oakfnst- robm mid hall, wli'on Tony camo round 'from? -tlio stables. " You know, sir.1 hols. ono. of tlio. oldost servants' here —was horn ,on tlio'iilnco, so to say. Psaw nt onco ho'd g-ot a fright/ so, I took him into, my pantry and asked what it . was: ; If . j-ou'll: boliove 1110, sir, lie stands to it that lio'foiind a wluto liorso in iho stable.' Squii'0 ' Thoriitoii'- did --'not look- lis much. sui'imsod and disnuiyod as tho butlor oxpoolod. ' A ivliito liorso ! ' ho snid, rathor in question : tlian 111 iimnzomout. It must hnyo strnyod tlioro, I su3iposo. Miss Bovingtou novor - had a white liorso. She .particularly objobtai'to thom.' ' Sir;' said Bruce, almost in h whis per, ' suroly being so noai-a linighbour and - siich.an old friond -j'ou ltnbw- tli'o roason ? A whito: liorso mpaiis 'do'dtli ojruin!tb;tliisfijmily.V <; I TiV;?V iX'Ndrisbnsdl/.was. tlip Squiro' b, first reprobf. Thou, ' after a moment's thought, 'but I soom to roinonibor soihotliing . about it. ; Your .mistross will novor sic opninuyn wnicp xiprso; anil I did hoar a story of hor. rofusitlg .to put. up soinohody's oavriago bepauso thoir horsos wore ivliito.' ' Tluit't it, sir. It's tlio doom of, tlio Bovingtous— n vrhito :'Uarras-:i'->I&i8;'' boon for oohtufips. Why, Uioy 'Way ; tlio night .bofoi-o' tho uinstor diod lie saw a whito liorso just bntsidou his window waiting to tnkb .him away.' ' But loPk lioro.';BruPo,'-:'; Ev'en if ono boliovod in ghosts, wliioh I; don't,' said: tlio Squiro, bi-avdly, though - liis tooth chattered . ominously, i-.i your thoory won't work. If: Tony saw-.Ni white hoi-so in tlio stablo it was a real flesh5 . nnd blood qundru3)bd!:: Ah ap3)ni-ition wouldn't camo to :\varii Miss Bo vington's cattle, ! ,! ,, . : ''You'vo iiot hbiird all,'., said Bi-iico, in a f uhoroal tone. ; J list listen, sir, Tony . h'o's L as stoady ' ns itimo,' 'liover touohed a drop of boor for tho last ton S'bnrs, so lie can't have ' bcon drunk. IIo! woiit baolc 5 two' minutes lntor, and the hpfse:wn8 goiie.' ' Tlion it is probably in the grounds making havoc '.among' your; mistress.'s flowers.' '. Bruco shook liis-koad;'"; 1\. Ta lc continued. J; , > 