Dreaming of the Past. Before the fire the old man sits To-night, and dreams of vanished days, While o'er his locks of silver flits A golden halo from the blaze. And in the ruddy flame he sees Dear (aces that he used to know. And hears again the birds and bees Of summers ended long ago. He sees a meadow green with spring, And April violets in the grass, And hears a bluebird caroling High overhead as warm winds pass. This sky is bright with springtime gold, The earth is full of promise* ; The orchard's folded blossoms hold The apples of the Hesperides. A maiden's hand he holds in his. And tells the story of his love, - And seals it with a lover's kiss The red rose of ber month above. He readB her answer in ber eyes. Like violets, after April rain. And through his being swiftly flies A bliss that is akin to paiu. The scene is changed. Sweet bridal bells Come ringing down the years to him. And while their, music sinks and swells The old man's eyes with tears grow dim. " To love and cherish," sin); the bells, "Till death shall part, till death shall part." The echo dies in lonesome knells In empty chambers of his heart. O wondrous arti«t of the flame! He sees a mother rocking there The baby with its father's name, And with its mother's eye* and hair. He hears lier singing, sweet and low, A cradle-song, replete with rest, While watching, as ao long ago, The baby sleeping on ber breast. Then o'er the scene a shadow falls: The child they loved so much is missed. He does uoi> answer to their calls, Or come at bedtime to be kissed. But when-they kneel at uight to pray, • Peace conies in auswer to their prayer, And Heaven seems not so far away Because the child they loved is there. And then the shadow of her grave Falls over him from long ago. " O truest heart God ever gare," The old man cries, " I loved you so J" He sees ber in so many things— ' The spring-time blossoms bring her back, Aud every April robin sings Of what his lonely life must lack. Again, in long, still summer days, 1 He climbs the hill to talk with her; Aud in their gentle, wordless ways, The flowers are ber interpreter. By that low grave, when earth grows dim, , \Vhat things are asked, what answers givsn, And, as of old, it seems to him ' The hilltop almost touches heaven. The fire-light's flickering flame dies low ; ' The old man wakeus with a start, And back into the shadows go The ghosts that hmnt his lonely heart. What witchcraft lurks in memory. And sways us by its subtle power— This man of four-score years and three, Has lived a lifetime in an hour! 