.OUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE"BLACK COUNTRY i BOUTH STAFFORDBHIBE. B" JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Anthor of Aumr SAECaN's TWO LEGACIEB," ETC. CHAPTER L7.-ThE PAcIs Or FEEonor. After her mother's death and burial, Made line returned to Mr. Saltring's itthout any reistence onher father's part. It was agreed between her uncle and herself that she should not part suddenly from those who had be frie~ded her in her sore need. Moreover, they determined not to be prespitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well knew that nothing short of the most dexterous action woaldcensue for his niece ansoy recogoition by them. - Besides the Saltrings, only one family war admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers; and that came about this way. Mr. Rockingham had resolved to make in quiries asto the places Pelbois had visited when hehad cometo Langton; and fortune so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy he c?anced to inquire first. Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smokinghis little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the lergyman approached, and then waited for Mr. .ockingham to address him. ' It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put insthe clergyman. " It's a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." 'Have you seen a strange, foreign-looking, .tleman about hero anywhere " Mr. Rock ehm asaked. " An' ifI haven't,"responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, " may the Lord-" " Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give theplain answer required, but that he perhaps took the word in a wrong sense, " he wor the danedeettongue-" " That isn't quite what I meant," explained Mr. Rockingham. " Do you happen to know whom be came to see ?" "It might ha' been me," replied Jody, shaking his shagy head, " bythe way ashe caled me' my friend,' when he ongh to ha' knowed, too, as I'd rather be friends with a polat, r my missis yonder, than 'im. I've n- verbeen well sin' he wor here, and I'm \- eared re bewishesdmel l- . .. '- ;-? ,well;-U;"i.".il.:-'Bfl t d _a;grow-I : ng impatient under this tirade, for he felt sure he referred to Pelbois, as en a place like Iangtona foreigner was so rare a visitor. " 'What was he like?" " I don't know," answered Jody. I couldn't abide to look at'in. He looked black enough, Iknow that; an' he pulled a hat over his face, he did, en' he asked me to show 'im the way to Doctor Towers's, an' then had the face to grumble at the road. An', 0 Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of 'im; he wor the aggravatinest furriner- " Jody, to his utter surprise, found himself left at this pointby the clergyman. He looked after him as he disappeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. "Oh!" he exclaimed, "I thought he wanted tolknow about it, but it's like 'em all-they all leave me to talk to the ghosteses. I ain't sure the ghosteses ain't better to talk to ; they don't anap a man's noseoff in a-answerin' of'em, the ghosteses don't. Old Betty might, but she ain't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' she couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, soI don't suppose 'er ghost can walk." And the old man filled his dirty pipe again. It was a habit of his to haul about a spade, as another man might have done a stick, asa mark of office. He had got his spade now. He only knew one song, and that was appro. prittetohis office; and between his puffs he sang it now, though he hadn't the faintest motion of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain he liked best woo " I'veburied 'em deep, and my duty I've done ; and one line, referring to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buned, always brought to his face an individual smirk. Once in snging this song at the Bull's Head, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions'-no, not companions, for he had none-but to one of those seated beside the same fire with himself at that time, ' If there'd only come a pestilence, as they talk of in the church, an' I could 'ave the buryin' of 'em, I believe I wouldn't mind dyin' at the end of it myself. when I know as 've buried" more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done.'' Mr..Iockingham was far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited by the doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, because behad never taken advantage of his priesthood to inquire into private affairs, so he was always welcome when he celled. The tiny sittingroom was empty when Mr. Bockigham entered it, and sat down on one fthe chintz-covered chairs, and looked down the street through the small window. -:o-- c doter-jwas-s icsrfi g'ot en -hisf-rrt round, but became at once to Mr. Rocking hem. " Youare just goingout, I fear," he began, "and what I have come about cannot be put in a nutshell. Had I not better walk with 'If you.don't mind," said the doctor, "I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to sea early. There's a gooddeal of sickness about." The clergyman took his bat and put it on, as thesign that he was ready, and he andthe doctor passed out of the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. "I hope you will not think," began the clergyman, with some diffidence, " that what Iam going to say is undue interference with your affairs. It you will have the patience to bear me, you will see that at any rate I am as deeply implicated as any one can be in the affair of which I am going to speak, and my onlymotive is to liberate you, if possible, from what must be, if my surmises are correct, a most bitter bond. A man who has caused me thebitterest troublemy life has knownis, I tnd, also connected with your house." The doctor's great cheat heaved, and his liercing eyes caught all the expression of the lergyman'sface as hespoke. ' The name of your maried sister is the same as that of the man I have alluded to. I uhave traced themanto your house." The doctor's face became very pale. "Will you tell me in the same friendly spirit in .which Iask, if that man ever professed to nars your sister P" "He did marry her," replied the doctor, uoasely. "Can you give me the date ?" "It was February, 18-." You are sure of that?" 'I have reason enonuh to be sure." Wail fLokanc4 o, ublabers "Then," said the clergyman, "I am, indeed, a messenger of good to you." " How can you be ?" "He is not your sister's husband." " Explain yourself." "He mamred my sister before that date." The doctor stood still in the road. The clergyman also stopped. The two men looked at each other, a new meaning in each face. What a bond there is in a common sorrow! That interchanged look made these two men brothers. "Strange, passing strange!" said Towers. "How can I rejoice in your presence? I feel as if you had taken my place in a prison- cell. All the rest is small," he added, thinking of his sister, "compared with her bearing his name and being lus wife. That he had betrayed, ruined,her, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine, and need never trouble herself about him again." "How you must have suffered," responded the clergyman sadly, "to have learnt your lesson so well! I too have had to learn that the case is less wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man, thanwhen he has the right to call her his property, and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbd;. When I saw Pelbois he told me he had been somewhere after money. Have you indeed been paying him to leave to you what was not his to claim ?" " That is the whole story." " Then it is over, and I have been a messenger of good after all." " Yon have indeed; you have removed the shadowthatcovered ourhouse. Deathremoved one; you have removed the other. If things like this happen to me, I shall believe there is a God of mercy after all." . II The clergyman did not begin, as some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man of science the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. Rockingham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, he was far-sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was taking a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little glance up ward, and his eyes were swimming with tears. They walked on a little further, and the doctoer said, "You have been so very kind to me, and made yourself so close a friendhy what you have done,;that it cannot be.wrong in me to ask you if your sister is beyond the reach of that man." " She is beyond the reach of thatman,beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not free her, so God did it;" and he added, as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man,whom he had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering "M'y sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked inquiringly. "You must guess it already. Madeline is my niece, but I do not wish it to be known at present. I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer in justice at their hands. :I lssTiist not go to them or be known to thOfiti loss in her right ful position." "Pride is a hard dictator at times." re marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. " That is true," replied the vicar, " and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor darling's remains to their resting-place in the family vault. But I have a plan in my head that shall right Madeline, and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt ing's as before, which she is very willing to do." Moremight have been said, but the doctor's time wasof importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so very chatty that the very sight of him iproduced a good effect; and when he had left that house and was once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then when at last he was at liberty to return home to his usual early dinner, he made some purchases of special dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, and sent themaon before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miss Towers took in the basket.herself when it arrived, and called her sister's attention to it. " What can be the meaning of his spending all this money?" said Madame Pelbois, as we shall continue to call her. "These things must be so expensive. It's so early in the season." "I ellyo'what: it ie" said Amy, putting aer thin hands together tightly, "we are some owinluck." "Very much so, indeed," said Dr. Towers, aming upon them. " We shall be hereafter as sther peosle, peaceful and unmolested. Isn't hat something?" The two poor ladies looked almost scared. ,Vhabcould they think? He took each by an un and led them into the little sitting-room, ad closed the door. "Girls," he said, "I declare for the first ime this room does seem to be horribly small ad inconvenient." - - die sisters--dared not' speak.' The e`a imost afraid of this mood of his. The doctor vas only amused by the fear .in their faces,' md tantalisingly went on, holding bad news is it were high above their heads. "What do you say to the gabled white souse, Amy?"" "The gabled white house! Mr. Richard son'shouse?" "Not Mr. Richardson's now," said the loctor, his face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would suit us ?" " Why do you talk of such things," answered Louisa deprecatingly, "when you know they are quite out of our reach?" . " Out of our reach they were," replied the doctor, "so long as other people spent our money for us; but not so if our income were fur own. Wehave never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "He is dead!" exclaimed Madame Pelbois with agasp. "Then he is dead!" "' Dead to you, my Louisa, for ever and ever." maid the doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "He is dead to you. He is to you as if he had never lived. You have had a bad dream, that is all. None of it has ever been," he went on, look ing with glowing eyes at the pale face he held. ' We must all believe that." "Tell us what you have heard, at once," nsisted Amy. "You have heard something; tell us the meaning of it all." " My love," said the doctor, " there is nothing to tell but this. Louie is your own, very own sister just as if she had never gone away; no Sne else has any right over her. There is no sore to tell than that. He has been a villain Syon, Louie; but it is all over. He has no rght over you; he never had. He dare not trouble us again. He was a married man at the very time -" He did not finish his sen tence, and it was not needed. It was all mnderstood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so isappoisted when Lomsa showed no sign of pleasure had he weighed more carefully the ifference between his position and hers. He sad looked for a wild outburst of joy from soth his sisters at the news he had communi tated, and it was received in dead silence. The loctor had not made allowance enough for the shysicml and mental degeneration which comes io often to women who sit at home and suffer, -hile the happier men go forth to work. They sad not the power left in them to suddenly rejoice at anything, but they had that innate Eearand suspicion that come of such experience, snd could not allow their minds to trust that they had at last sure ground beneath their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and apna thetic wayin which they received the news, his ~-hrtb - sank into a depressioti for he time being as deep as that which had been his for years until that morning. En his deooression he began to ask himself whether te- news bhe had heard was true, whether he had been too hasty; whether, in fact, Lsheir trouble was over; and he felt that nothing ;ould remove this torture of mind but some positive prof. So with a kind of prophctic unpulse,he said to his sisters, "You don't re alise it. I will fetchyou proof ;" and went out. As he spoks the words they were echoed back to him as if some one else had spoken them; end a great courage welled up within him. He was not going to seek proof ; he was going to fetch it; and naturally enough his feet took himinto the vicarage. He was not long there; and when he came out with, if anything, a more buoyant look on his face than he had worn in the morning, our worthy sexton accosted him with "Has a fever broke out, Doctor Towers?" •"Not that I know of," answered the doctor, not wishinl to be interrupted. "O lord," said Jody, disconsolately, "I thought there wor; you look so jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, "other folk's trouble's youears and myblessin', ain'tit, doctor ? Folks die so we can live, don't they?" "I dont get my living by kilhng people," responded the doctor snappishly, and walked on, with his hand pressed against his side, where his pocket was, as if he had a painin it. He banged open his door, to the serious damage of the lock. But what of that ? He would not be there long, he knew. He found the letters where he had left them. "If you want proof," he said, "look here." It was a bona-fde copy of a inarriage certificate. "It's true, Louisa. ' said Amy. "You were never married to him at all;" and she began to feel something of her brother's gaictyof spirit "Where is your womanhoos, Amy," cried Madame Pelbols bitterly, "that you trimphin my disgrace? If I am not his wife, what am I ? A disgraced being, fit only to creep to a corner, and hide, and die." "Why should you die, because you have been deceived?" replied her brother. "After all, is not anything better than to know your self theproperty of that mani" " At the cost of being no longer an honest woman," rejoined Louisa, with bitter irony. "I am to have my freedom from him at that price." "Look here," said the doctor, striking the table with his heavy fist till it shook. " Let me hear none of that society cant about honest women. Is society your God to judge you ? I believe," he went on, with an energy that caused the little room to vibrate, "that all this world's judgments will be reversed in another. There can be no disgrace where there isno sin." " But I live in the world, and what will the world call me when they get to know ?" "Can it matter what the world calls you, when it called the greatest and purest being that ever lived, blasphemer? Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give the lie to any word, by yourlook. Integrity is stronger than slander, and silent truth invulnerable against busy lies. I promise you, you shall have no tice to dwell on this; you shall be up and doing. I mean to take the white house I spoke of : not to leave you in it all day when I'm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Saltring long ago recommended; Ishall have a carriage, and you shall go out with me; and you can't think about everything all at once." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to learn like a child hownot to bemiserable ; and itthreatened to be as hard a lesson as any she had ever had to learn. The doctor, however, was sanguine. Nothing seemed to check the sudden flow of his spirits since he had had the proof. And before long the white house scheme was narried into execution, much to the general satis action of the Langtonians, who looked upon he doctor as their property, and his respecta ility as in some way or other reflected upon hem. CHAPTER LX.-KE-zI SPEinS. "Mfamma," said Lucy Beredith, looking up rem some work she was doing, "I can'tbe luite happy, for Rupertlooks so sad. Ithought it least we should be happy to-day, when to norrow we are to be married." "You cannot expect him to look happy, my lear, until it is all over. It is afterwards you nay hope to make him happy, and then you mest not expect everything to happen in a lay." " I wouldn't so much mind, if I could feel sure it would come right afterwards." "Nobody can know the future," Mis. Beredith replied; " it is wellthey can't. You'll e all right, so long as you do not demand too mocll of a man who hasd his experience. He ae't help growing-to love you; 'Lucy. 'I am sure he was beginning to love you"before he saw Keziah. If, ou are always kind and gentle, and will' ioet him, be. go my and silent and never Ia kjfog t=ic? ent your self because of it, I wfii'aee fo-rit, it will be is happy.a marriage ad' efone could desire." hand the good lady thought in her own .mind, snd it may be forgiven her, that Lucy was, ifter all, so much more lovable and more suit ible to be Dr. Elworthy's wife than Keziah. 'You see, my dear," she went on, "you will ,o right away from England, and be seeing iew things. There will be nothing to remind im of England and trouble; and enjoying' hings together is sure to prove a great tie." Lucy smiled, though not very happily. ' ut what if," she said, with hesitation, "it hould all provowrong afterwards? What can ve do then?" Mrs. Beredith held up her white fat hands leprecatinglv. "Those are only morbid ancies," she said, "foolish, morbid fancies. Shen I married your father, I wondered ehether we should get on, and all that sort of hing, and what could happen if we did pot. 3ut we got on all right. and were the best of friends, though it wasn'texactly a love match.' ned her eyelids trembled a little, and her ample osom heaved. "But, you see, papa had never loved any eody but youen." "But I had loved some one else," replied her nother: and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she atethered her apron up, with her work in it, mod abruptly changed the subject. "VWe'll see f Eliza has finished those things, so that we an fasten up that box, at any rate. You had etter come up and have them tried on ; or else rou may find some difficulty when you get sway. You won't find your buttons come off; 've sewn them on. But if anything should eme undone, don't forget that the'little sandal wood box hi the corner of the tin trunk has got verything for mending in it. When I went waywith your poor papa to Scotland, I never ottothe bottom of one of my boxes; and art of a flounce came off a puce dress I had, nite a favourite of your poor papa's ;.and we ouldn't get any silk to match?it, to mend it iith,;and. lhe sgvexed- that- nne :hadbeen'~ Int into mybox. And when I came back and. he.hoxes.were unpacked, there was plenty of hat silk at the bottom of one;'sd my advice o you is, unpack your boxes when you get .way, and see what you've got. But you son't have much trouble, because the odds and aids are not spread about as mine were, and all be mending things are together inthe sandal mox; and other little boxes have each a label in them, so you can know what's in by look ng outside. When I wentaway I was always inwrapping or undoing the wrong thing, and Fou sha'n't have any of that trouble. But ome now, leave what you are doing and we'll ee if the bodices fit. Dear, dear," she said, in ;oing upstairs, " I hope Miss Richards won't e long before sending those dresses; yon'll save to go without them if she's much longer; or I'm quite determined nobox shall be left to so closed to-morrow morning. None of my sexes were closed the night before, when I vent away, and everybody was in such a dread ul flurry on the morning that they didn't get ealf fastened iup; and when we got to Carlisle, hey just threw my boxes out of the van on to he platform- those portersare so careless-and ne was quite open when I came up to it, and t was so full that your poor papa and two sorters had to sit on it to get it to shut again, led all the people laughed; and then it wouldn't lock, because the lock was broken; ind your poor papa had to give five shillings to s porter to get some cord of his own and do it 'p. Oh, the way your poor papa threw sbout the money! Rupert won't do that, guess." They were now standing in Lucy's room, which was in a pretty disorder. Not a chair, lot a table, but held its treasure of beautiful tarments made for this important event. There were far more than could have been necessary; jut asa child has never too many dresses for its loll, so the mother can never get enough dresses or her daughter who is going to be married. " Look, Lucy," said Mrs. Beredith, dropping •e her hlees in front of one of the open boxes; 'all the linen is together in this box. I think tmuch better thatyou should have all of one cind of thing together. Mine was sadly mixed ip when I went away." She took no notice'that Lucy did not reply o anything she was saying. It was but natural .hat the child should be quiet. There could be lothingremarkable in that. The bodices were next fitted, aid proving atisfactory, took their place in one of -the "Who is that coming upstairs ?" said Lucy, •hen she was pu'ting on her dress again. "How can' Itell, my dear?" rephed Mrs. Beredith. "But how scared you look! You hould?n't allowyourself to get so nervous." Mrs.'Beredith might have admonished her elf on the same subjecta momentlater, for she ittered a wild cry. In the doorway stood seziah, with a face -so white, eyes so un saturally dark, and a manner so agitated, that myone might have boon forgiven for being rightened at sight of her. Lucy trembled like an aspen. Keziah stared t them both like an animal at bay; then at all he preparations. Her wild eyes took in every. Wing. With a sudden movement she placed secelf before Lucy, and was clutching her at rm's length. "Lucy," she said, "you cannot do it. You nust not do it. You dare not do it!" Lucy had such a terrified look in her face that ier mother interposed. "Kezinh," she said, "it is not kind, it is not ienerous of you to come lille this. "It is, it is," cried Keziah, looking wildly nto Lucy's face, and not at all at Mrs. Bere lith. "I know what it is, Lucy. You have so right to do it." "Keziah," said Mrs. Beredith, pitilessly, " I nust beg you to leave my child." "Oh, no, no, no," cried Keziah, "I will sever let her go, I will never leave her, till she as promised never to commit this sin against s. Lucy, he is not yours, he is mine, mine," she cried, flinging up her arms, "you know he :s mine. God knows he is mine.' Lucy opened her pale ips, and a voice spoke rom between them, that neither of the others would have recognised. It was at Keziah she was looking, but to her mother she spoke. *She is quite right," she said. "I thought it ould never come to pas" And then her form swayed, and she would have fallen on the floor, but for Keziah; she was quite senseless in her "Lay her down," shrieked Lre. Beredith, 'yu have no right to touch her. It was an vil dayyou ever came tothis hose, b Keziah Rarkbit.": And' she fell to "ig haing her taughter's hands,?.unloosing her thinga, and performing all the other offices usual on such occasions. Lucy's eyes opened, and they fellon a white satin dress that hung on a shest-covered chair. Her brow was contracted painfully, and she said with great effort, "Take them all out of my sight, mamma. Never let me see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Bereditl groaned, and looking fixedly at Keziah, who was holding to a bed-post, she began to rain abuse upon her. "Look what you have done, and perhaps your cruel heart will be satisfied. Oh, I would not be you for all the world, to have inade so many people miserable as you have. Wherever you have been you have brought sorrow, and all of your own choosing and willing. If, were you, Keziah, I would go to the uttermost parts of the earth and hide myself. You are a very heaitless, wicked girl." Keziah's great ees stared t .Mrs. Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her face was rigid, and one little hand was so tightly shut by her side that the mark of every nail was left in the pink palm. She loosed her hold of the bedstead, and moved her hands desolately and helplessly before her. "What can I say? What can I do?" said poor Keziah. "Nobody will believe any good of me, I know. Perhaps," she added, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, "if I had had a home like Lucy's, and a different bringing up altogether, I shouldn't have done all I have. But it's no matter. Oh," she cried, in a heartbroken tone, "if 'I had tnever wanted to do what was right at all, I might have been happier. Everything has always gone contrary with me; I will give up trying. Oh, I hope no one will over like me at all any more ; then I shan't make-them miser. able. Oh, God," she exclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it wasn't worth while." Anyone who could have seen her at that moment would have pitied her \--except Mrs. Beredith; and how could she be expected to do so, with her own child lying desolate upon her breast, undone by Keziahi? " "You were always so headstrong." cried Mrs. Beredith, roughly. "You would never be advised." "Who ever tried? You don'tt know, you don't know, Mrs. Beredith, what itis to be ob liged, whether you like it or eot, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so young, and to have no one care what you do because they like you; it makes you head strong." "LI am sure you had a chance when you came here," said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. "I know it." replied Keziah, humbly. "But I couldnlt change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she said, a bitter smile passing over a white face, 'those things that are hammered in hard stick fast, and if you pull them out the mark is left. Tdon't know," she continued, "why I' was mad:with eso many corners, and withfso much' wish not to have any. It doesn't ~o together, not at all." "You coulm wa talk," rejoined Mrs. Beredith, '"a , h, no doubt. But all your acts ?y , oish, all of them." " It is qGite true,5' said Keziab, with an evident over-willingness to own herself in the wrong. "I have come here now to try and undo some of it." " A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrs. Beredith, hotly. "Youcome to seek foryour self, and to make my child desolate-she who loved him all along, better, much better, than you did. How did she treat you? You are proud. You have often said so. You don't like it to be said that he threw you off, and married another. " Do you think," broke out Keziah, hotly, in her turn, "that that is what I have come for? Do you think I would have come at all, had I believed he would have been happy with her, or she with him ?" "He would have loved her if he had married her," said Mrs. Beredith, caressing the white face that lay upon her bosom: " when he was bound to her, and it was his duty to think of no other." " Oh, Mrs. Beredith," cried Kezianh, with a face that spoke of experience, "duty and possibility are so far apart sometimes. Love does not come after marriage 'that has not been there before." " You know nothing about it," said Mrs. Beredith, " nothing at all." "Perhaps I know more than most," rejoined reziah, "about that." "I suppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothing, then," replied Mri. Beredith, indignantly. "He was neither blind nor mad whenhe proposed to my danghter." "Yes", answered Keziah, in a soft voice, and very sadly, "he was both blind and mad. I have trodden this dark path. I could not let him tread it too. He is my husband before God; no one has aright to take him from me. Lucy," she said, siddenly, kn elig down by her side, "can yon forgive me ? " Oh, don't," said Mrs. Ber th, as if she couldno tberto hear it. ."Let me kiseaon before I go'?,L may never. seeoo' you agaein, begged Ke rselin.aa enticing tone,-so fnl.of pathos, few could vae resaisted itl "' Y ou.will-kiss me?" she' repeate. " d . . The girl turnedher face nearer.to her mother, away from Kezial, and moaned: " Some day, perhaps; I cannot now." Keziah looked once more at the mother. It was ofno use to ask any mark of reconcilia tion from her, so she left the room and gently closed the door behind her. CHAPTER LXI.-REST AT LAST. About 7 o'clock the same evening Mrs. Beredith's front-door bell rang, and Dr. Elworthy was announced. Mrs. Beredithsent down a message that she was unable to see him. This he interpreted in a sense far, from the true one. It was, after all, not to be wondered at, on the eveningbefore she was to lose her daughter. But he wrote upon a cari, " I most earnestly beg that you will see me." HIe expected that on receipt of this she would forthwith make her apoearance, flurried, per haps, and peevish, from being forced against her will. But it was some little time before she came. Her eyes were red and swollen. Elworthy at once noted this, and attributed it to the prospective loss of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and saw that something was wrong with him too. She, who had seen him through his -worst times of trouble, could not recollect a single occasion when he had looked so ill and wretched as he did now. Shealmost softenedtowards him for a moment. " How ill youlook !" she said. S"Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancing to wards her with his chin upon his breast, " iam come to prove myself avillain. But you must forgive me, for you will be the gainer." He instantly perceived she did not under-' stand him. He would have to speak more plainly. "" who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men most miserable. li the eleventh hour I come, as I have said, like a villian, to bog for my release." Mrs. Beredith had one shock, but she had not expected this to follow it. " So you have seen her !" was her reply, in a biting tone. " Seen her !" cried Elworthy, throwing back the hair from his brow with a desperate im patience. " No, I have not I may never see her again. ':But I cannot so wrong your daughted asto bind her to me, when with my whole bing I love another woman to dis traction." " You might at least have found all- this out before," exclaimed Mrs, Beredith, shaking from head to foot. ;', I deserve all you can ,say to me," he answered. "But, believeme, I havatried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, but it was not in human nature. You have seen my anguish and my temptation, my hopeless miesery for love of that woman, which is as strong to-day as ever it was. Can you not pity me, a very little perhaps, but still pity me And perhaps make Lucy know some time how I thanked her in my heart for her goodwill towards me, and respected her. and would die at this moment couldI undo the sorrow I have caused to her and to others ?" Mrs. Beredith turned her head, and cast down her eyes, while she moved one foot up and down the carpet. '" She will not talk about dying," rejoined Mrs. Meredith at last; "she will do it. Oh, why could you not have let us alone whenwe were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you ? It was very, very cruelof you. She has not deserved it of you." "'No, she has not deserved it," said Elworthy compassionately. "I have called myselfa villain. If you knew a worse epithet, Iwould useit now. Mrs. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is my witness that I have tried to fufil my word to Lucy. That is why I appear in so much worse a light in coming at the eleventh hour to break faith with her." At the words" break faith with her," Mrs. Beredith froze againo. " You might have spared yourself the trouble, Dr. ELworthy," she said; " Lucy would not havemarried you. There is a letter on its way to your house now to tell you so." And then she made half a movement, as ifto end the interview. .He looked at her with an' accumulated amazement in his face, as if this thing were quite beyond his comprehension. "Lucy is ill," went on the lady. "I must bg that you will leave me, thet 1" may go.to. her."' , ' ' .. at ' " - His heart smotehim. at these wecds. "She has seen my trouble,' hethought , o land has released me voluntarily." "How shallI speak?" he said. "How shall I ex press my gratitude to her for-her noble act in releasing me of her own accord ? Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very being, Lucy Beredith ranks among women. Some day, along time hence, perhaps, I may be able to tell her so." 1.1:.?,e-, " Do not mistake the situation, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible effortevident in her manner. " It is this other woman who has done it, and not my poor :hila:' It is Keziah Hackbit who has been her?.' e ' . - : His heart 'at these words .beat sosviolently he could hear it. He thought lrs. Beredith must hear it too. He cried in a frenzied tone, hysterical laughter breaking from him with these words, ' She has been here ! She! O my love, my love !" He quite forgot he was standing in the presence of the mother of the other girl who loved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so sunken and pale, were flushed with excitement. Wild laughter again and again broke from him, and then the tears, hot and large, rapidly chased each other down his cheeks, and he repeated again and again: "She came here ! She did IOh'my brave girl, my own Keziah All this was more than Mrs. Beredith could bear. She fled from the room, and he did not seem to notice that he was alone. When he did perceive it, however, it was the work of a moment to take his hat, which he hadput down on the table, and to rush from the place in an ecstacy of uncontrollable joy. He nnderstood what such an act meant. Keziah had come, and prevented him marrying another. He sped along the streets by instinct rather than anything else, till he reached his own house. ,He entered the surgery, where Gerald Harwyn was making an entry ma book. \- Elworthy in two strides crossed the surgery to where Gerald Harwyn was standing at the I desk, and seizing his hands, the one with the pen as well as the other, knocked over the ink without noticing it in the least, and shook Gerald's hands until his coat sleeves were per forming the office of blotting paper in the pool upon thebook. - "Gerald, my boy, congratulate me ! The 'happy ever after' time. of the story has come. A deuced long time it's been coming." "Icongratulate you," said Gerald, in his own mind fearing his poor friend had ost his wits. But tell me what for." " Can you ask ? You, a men of your intel ligence, can ask such a thing ? There is but one ' happy ever after' to my story." " Well, well," said Gerald, not understand ing. "If you'll stop mopping up that ink ith my coat sleeves, and .sit down and tell mi all about it, Ishaltbe better able to judge how much right you have to congratulations." - S ha'sbeentoher!" said Elworthy, laughing boe' roasly. " "! She's - been-'- to --her," repeated Gerald, checking the words off on his fingers. " Who has been to whom ? Hang it, man, be alittle more explicit." "Keziah, of course," replied Elworthy. "She's been to Lucy and put it all right. I couldn't stand it any longer; so, after I had oeen the last patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know I should have ainned against her if I had married her." "' Hang it if I can understand what you bave to rejoice so much about!" said Gerald,,hotly. "It's very heartless of you, and very selfish, to be thinking so much of yourself, when you have made that sweet girl so miserable. It was a dastardly trick of you." "I was:mad when I did it, you know I was, Gerald; but I oray Lucy may forgive me." "Some kinds of madness ought.to be punish able, I think," said Gerald, applying blotting paper to his sleeves and the page of the book. "I think I have been punished for every kind of punishable madness, then," returned Elworthy Gerald went on grimly mopping up the ink. '"Why didn't you do es I told you, and tell her at once, and not let her go on till the very day before the wedding, and then break off with her. It is a sneaking trick." "I know it is. Go ahealisd, old man. Pitch into me as much as you like. Nothing could make me miserable, now 1 know she loves me enough to have done that." "Has she been there to-day?" inquired Gerald. "Yes, to-day. I wonder if she has left Leaomington," hbe added, consulting his watch. "Of course they have." " Well, there's another train yet. The train I am going by. They may not have gone." " Why, there's a horse coming round," said Gerald. " Why, it's yours, and a boy bringing it!" " Oh," exclaimed Elworthy, with a burst of oyou laughter, "I left it fastened' to the "I wish to goodness you hadn't knocked.this" inrover.-I don't know fermylif?snwwhether it's June or July or Augustthesecasesare do n. for." . ." They'll let yos know whenthe time comes,'. saidElworthy. "Anyhow, I'm off." And be took his.hat again, and went to the railway station. The train for Manchester was waiting,. ut not ready to start. He sun the length or the train. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriago, sat Kezmah, and by her side was her uncle David, comforting her. Elworthy did not speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, then quietly stepped into the carriage asthe train was movingoff; and taking her little hands in his, spoke not one word; but they looked into each other's eyes, aud were at rest. Poor David, who was always being startled in one way or another, stared out of the window anud blew his nose, with astonishing persistency considering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXYI.-WIDE AS TIE POLEB ASUNDEn. As Keziah particularly wished that her happy wedding should take place from the same house which had witnessedherill-fated union to Hacrk bit, and as Mr. Rtmman eagerly welcomed any plan which allowed of his showing his newly acquired furniture to a festive party, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at Jumley in the charater of abridegroom. But we should not dwell upon any incidents connected with this wedding, were it not that Madeline had been specially pressed to come with .Mrs. Salt ring from Langton, and had yielded after much solicitation, being quite ignorant that Rimpler resided at Mr. Rimmon's. * Even Nimplers do not know everything that concerns them; and Silas happened never, to hear Miss Orme's name as one of the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had actually arrived, for lie' had taken up his quartero temporarily atthe hotel. Hi, undstrtook as large a portion as possible of the outside arrange ments for the wedding, and had even refused to sit down at the wedding-breakfast, that he might see that everything was sent in in doe order, and that there should be no delay with the carriages. He had, however, dropped in after Keziah went upstairs, when the carriage was standing at the door; and had drunk to Kieziah in her absence. It was atthispointthat M?delineand Mrs. Saltring suddenly went out of the room. No one thought anything of this; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequently goes out, at some stage or other, overcome; and the generalattentionwns drawnawayfrom Madeline and Mrs. Saltring's exit by the extraordinary expression of countenance Miss Dorcas put on at the entrance of Mr. Rimpler. There wasno mis taking the look; it was one of mingled hatred, 'malice, contempt, and defiance, which anlysome faces can combine in one expression. Every :ody saw the look, including Mr. Rimpler him self, who was clever enough to show no sign of it, but in consequence had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that he did not notice who went out of theroom. MJr. Rimplerhadmade asort of programme for the entertainmentof the wedding guests, atMr. Rimmon's suggestion. After breakfast the wvhole party was to be driven to Augleton Park, the seat of Lord Jumley; and at a pretty country inn on the outskirts of this park, a dainty lunch had been ordered for !.30. The lay was a glorious one, as if to favour this echeme; and Keziah had scarcely been waved off before two carriages arrived for this expedition. To every one's surprise, and to the great annoyance of some, Madeline begged not to be ne of the party. Mrs. Saltring could say noth ing in explanation, though she did her best that would content the others. The drive would do M1adeline good. Madellne must come; and she, poor girl, with the face of alabaster, at length consented to go. Mr. Rimpler had made inquiries about Madeline since encountering her at the Salt ings', and had recently wormed it out of some one who knew that she wasMr. tHockingham's niece. He could hardly have told why, but this feature in the case made him appear to himself aworse villain. It was sot then on the daughter of an ordinary music-hall singer that he had practised his fraud. Such persons were sed to thatsort of thing, he thoght. But it was a lady, of noble descent, who' bad been mcrificed by a direct impsition on her own good nature and unselfishness. Let it not be inferred, however, that Rimpler includedany other than this one act of his life under the denomination of villainy; the rest was all fairplay. Where there were fooels, theremustbe knaves, he considered... It'was a provision of nature which would- iimprove the race, sooner or later, by sharpening the said I fools on the knave's grindstones. He had often argued this in his own mind, as an occu pation m the dark, at his window. It is only nature, Mr. Rimpler would think; everything is linked to everything else in nature. What a pest the flies would be, if it were not for the spiders to eat them up. So with many other disagreeablethings, nature provided a check to the undue multiplication of fools. Then was it his fault that he had been chosen an instru ment to this latter end ? Not at all. It was a merit rather.. The human race had much to thank him for, and those like him. He -hald heard somewhere that physical qualities. even organs, degenerated, and were ultimately Ios: under persistent disuse. The wits-of even the wise, if not eiercised to iefoet the kInaes, would thus degenerate, no doubt. IHe w:s a universal benefactor. He rousgd fools from their apathy, and exercised the wits of the wise, and in the process considerably sharpened his own. It was not for anything of this kind that he should call himself a villain. But Madeline had not been a fool. She had been caught by reason of her own goodness and un selfishness, and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the past could not be altered by amy amount of cursing and roviling. He took out his pocket-hook, in which we have seen him make entries; and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which language he know Madeline to be mistress: "Be at ease. I see you recog nie me. I am too much ashamed of myself over to press myacquaintance upon you. I send this only that you may be sure that shall treat you as a stranger on all occasions when we may chance to meet, which is the least I can do to makereparation." He had written this, and had folded it up and palmed it, when he found they werevery near to the little inn; and he began to mentally gather himself together to form some quick and undetectable plan of conveying his little note to Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashion, he dismounted when the carriage stopped, and gracefully helped out Mrs. Saltring before Mr. Rimmon had even thought of alighting. He next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, who trembled a good deal. He appeared profoundly unconscious of this, and wore his gravest look. No detective could have imagined, if he had looked at Mr. Rimpler's countenance, that he had ever met this lady before; much less would he have thought he was conveying something to her hand. Madeline knew it, however; and nad she not perceived by his face that he did not wish people to know they were anything but strangers, she would have been terrified. She couldnot let the note fall, and show there had been one; so her hani closed upon it. Madeline moved towards the window of the room into which the party was introduced, with the slip of paper folded between her fingers, and nobody noticed her. Her back was towards everyone; and by a subtle instinct some women have, she felt she must take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. Row coula she guees, indeed, what grave importance might Ittac to her knotying its contents at once. Mr. "imnpler, who was engaged is' gjiiing directisn4.to a waitder st the other eni of the room, knew by her attitude that she' wi? r?elling the letter. She took her purse from her pocket, and put the foldedpsper into it, just as she was joined by Maud Towers. At this juncture Miss Dorcas, feeling rather in the shade for a moment, made her way to these two, and, with an insolence some people show a mastery of, threw herself headlong into eonversation by remarking that the Misses Langley's dresses (themsiniter's dsughte:s, who had been bridesmaids) were a figure. "And that all comes," she added, " of their going to a sheap dressmaker, as can't fit, spoiling good stuff. If they'd have core to me, now, to make them, they should have looked fit to be Been." Neither Maud nor Madeline answered: both looked extremely uncomfortable; and Miss Dorcas was not slow to see that she had made a mistake in addressing her remarks to them. She moved off without apology, but with a great erk; and said to her sister -i - law, quite audibly, "that of all the stucbk. up peacocks, that Mrs. Towers and hiss What's-her-amne as came with Mrs. Saltring, were the tiptoppest. Can't hear half a word without sticking up their heads and looking at you as if they could slay you. I've nopatience with proud peacocks." Mrs. Rimmon touched her Eister-in-Saw's sleeve by way of a hint that she was being over beard. "I'm not ashamed of what I say," said Miss Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owing to Mr. Rimpler's neglect of her. '"If peolle will be proud peacocks, they must expect to be talked about.' Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's last remark; and instantly judging at whom it was levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would have ppalled any one else. But she was notably reckless, and would have her fling, as she often said, if she died for it. With a sudden inspir ation she looked Rimpler full in the face, and asked him when he had come to the throne; at which sally she was so mua dseEghtn.ithat she i?.'ghdsfiiprhariiosly, attracting general, attenu tion to- her. 'She shosld have waited for Rimpler'sadsweer. "I've nBver been in danger of coring to the throne; 'but I have been in danger of being dragged against my will to a certain, altar several times. That is,' he added, s if to make hismeaning quite clear, "I should have been, hed not the lady lacked all personal charm both of face and years, and manner and voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact to drag with but her perseverance." And with this he turned away. Dorcas was eo overpoweringly angry, that the first thing she thought of-a common enough shoughtin the Black Country, too-was the purchase of vitrol. But everybody else made an effort to pass the thing over; and though all understood who the lady referred to was, there was not the least proof agaiust Mr. i?impler. He had not committed himself in any way. The luncheon was a great success, and after it the party se: out to walk in the park. Mr. Rimpler had noticed that Madeline was more comfortable than at first. HIe was glad of that; and he now did his best to entertain Mrs. Salt ring, who had fallen to his lot since they had eome out. All at once, he beheld seated upon a bench a woman, with grey hair and a ragged shawl. On her arm was an old caunvas bag; and she looked miserable enough for anythiu. Mr. Rimpler for some reason could ecarce.y keep down his excitement. Ite said to Mrs. Saltring, quietly enough for all that. " We sust not see a person look so wretched as that on so gay a day;" and he fumbled in his pocket. Mrs. Saltring, with pleased eyes, wat:hed him go up to the woman, and bestow his willing alms upon her. She did not hear, however, the few words Mr. Rimpler spoke to the woman, or she might have seen an altogether different meaning inu his act. In that brief moment he had madean arrangement with her to meet him at the tavern they had just quitted, the next day. TIe then passed on, as if nothing had occurred; and everything went .merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it was time to return to Jumley. CHAPTER LXItI.-Couco manr. AMoENI~E s. The sojouru abroad of Mr. and Mrs. Jubal itmmon was condsiderably protracted: and it was inot until the first week in August that a Channel steamer, not too seaworthy, was nearing Newhaven, with a precious cargo in deed. The journey had baeuen made by night, ad the sea looked as blue as the sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite dazzling in the morningssunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discon tented look upon her face, for which, perhaps, se ought to have some commiseration, since she had been suffering fiom sea-sickness. was re egarding the ~ wetty vier from the deck of thd steamer. Juba, a thought thinner thsn when we last saw him, appeared to be nmaking no effort at all to brighten the spirit of his partner, hut puffed away at a big cigar quite spite. fully. At length a small creature in a blue shawl came on deck and looked thimidly about her. She was speedily followen and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched the ?ouple seat themselves on the side of the steamer, and then they turned their faces towards her. "Jubal," she said, giving her lord a tug, ' do you see who that is?" No,I don't; nobody I know." " It's Lucy Beredith and her mother.'" "Can't help it if it is," replied Jubol, con. inning to puff. "At least you might take a little interest in what I say." "Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.'" "I haven't the ghost of a notion what yoe nean," returned Laura, tossing her head. ' But there are those Berediths. I wonder how t was we didn't see them when we came on board." "I did see them at St. Lazare," observed ubal, with the same ill-natured tone and look; ' and I saw them get into our train, and I saw hem comb on board." "Then why couldn't you tell meoP" " A nice rage you'd get into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." "What a time we are getting in, when we re so close to, and have been so for ever so ong, to all appearance," remarked Laura, in answer to this. "It is a horrible steamer. Yon ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemen do.. But-no one can expect ouatn be a gentleman."' - d. "Thari's ;onlyone gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jubal, "since Winterfold put in an anpearance at Paris. And the devil knows how he found us out." "" I'm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly pulling a thread out of her glove. "It would, have been dull enough without him. I sup-" pose you didn't encourage hint to come at all, did you? You didn't want it to be thoughtat the hotel that your friend was the son of a lord, did you. Jubal ?" 'the always called him Jubal when she was not on particularly good terms with him, which Shad b?en rather frequently of late. "Are you going to speak to those Bore-. di h: " iJubal had asked, when a sadden lurch . of the ship had sent him ignominiously into a 'ittiarg pnostlr oh the oseat near his wife-he' had boen standingbefore. Laura burst into a laugh, and several other' passengers, who had come on deck. were moved to semile also. Jubal's hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement of the vessel. to the feet of the Berediths. He was very angry; more angry with Laura than any one else, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, and was as really in love with her as his nature could be; and he wished to be envied, and that the world should sco that she was all his own. It appeared to him that her careless laughing at his misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the young lady could not be very much in love with her husband. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indications of this kind. A wife-above all, a new wife, who is in love withher husband-would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position in. a sensnse doubly keen. But Laura seemed rather to enjoy Jubael's discomfiture as he - unsteadily followed his truant head-gear to the feet of the two ladies. He apologised to them as he picked his hat up and placed it on his head; and when he turned he saw a young French girl, an article Jubal had purchased for his wife with his uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a . spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This was too much for Jnbal. Ho took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained sulkily where he was; and the ship ploughed on through the water, andt the white cliffs came nearer and nearer. Jubal determined not to look after the lug gage properly on landing, as the readiest means of avenging himself on his wife for her want of feeling; and he became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and one only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay no duty. He likewiseresolved to get drunk, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an appendage of her own, and she always remembered this when he made a beast of himself, as she called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it ust now, when Jubil fell, But then, after all, t was fate that haddone that, and Jubal chose tofget drunk.- . It has been seen that Laura made no step towards speaking to the Berediths. ..js Bere dithe, nevertheless, had recognis'edtaWhidlha&t;_ known her well enough not to experC" her tdh i? accost them. "Don't you think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than ever?" Lucy said to her mother, with her eyes fixed on the white cliffs they were every moment nearing. "I certainly do," Mrs. Beredith acknow ledged unwillingly. She would have ben glad hiu the fact been less evident. She was angry with Laura. D" on't you think it strange that we should have been on the same ship ?" " I should have stayed for the later ship if I had known they were coming over," said Mrts. Beredith, rather sharply; "and if that's IKeziah's brother, he's very much of her type." Here MIrs. Beredith was wrong. But we all judge incorrectly of people against whom we have in preconceived opinion. "Why doeon't he go to her?" remarked Lucy. "They don'tappear to be on very good terms. Oh, mumma," she added, turning her wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and towards her mother, "if I had married hiiim, and were returning with him in this steamer instead of you, we should have been farther apart than we are now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. "I see it all differently now, mamma," went on Lucy. "I know it would never have done, and I want to tell Keziah so I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now. And how much better to be separated from him as I am, than to have him hate me, and I be tied to him. I am sure fate was kinder to me than I knew; and time is kind. When I last saw that shore, I was wishing I might never see it again; and now I am just longing to get back and see the ' old home. It was very kind of Gerald Harwyn to write so often." .Mro. Beredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, as if not quite sure what this phrase meant, introduceed suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald Harwyn had " writtenesgularly.. to ?Mrs. ,.Beredith,.ta-make cqairies about 'Lucy, since 'they?: rd. loef Bsgland, which -they had do' smmedfately'U . :' ' afterthu events we have before described; aind Lucy had certainly read hisletters with evident' pleasure. After'all, that might be ut natural.' Any sympathy, if it be real, is acceptable in time of pain; and Mrs. Beredith had not attarbed mush meaning to Lucy's gratification. The steamer was at last close to thoshoreand entering the harbour, and Jubal, leisurely enough. advanced towards his wife and told her. she might as well gather her traps together that was the phrase he used- if she had left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. "Perhaps you may go and inquire about them," zejoined Laura, saucily, " seeing you are so very steady on your feet. and we are so rery near shore." The eyes of the little French maid twinkled at this sally; but she nevertled less said that tonsieour must not troublehimsolf to go for the things; she would go at once her sel acod see if there were anything of her mistreEs's left below. "" At any rate, Jubal," observed Laura, "you can look after the boxes. and see that some of them don't get carried otff by somebody else." " They'll see to that," replied Jubal, vaguely " indicating he knew not whom. "I'm not going to bother about anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I know." " But reallv," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap about her, and dropping from her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, " You must look after toeethings, Jubal; you know they will be lost, and things stolen .ut ct rnem. You must stand by all the time they look in them, too, and see they don't take anything out of all those lovely thlings I have baoglit." "Lovely things be hanged," said Jubal, rudely: "what the devil did you want to get so many things for? It's tbrough you buying so many things that we had to have new boxes to carry thor in, and got charged for exces luggage." "Well, we don't go to Paris every day," returned Launz, indignantly. "Uncle David may be very glad we don't, answered Jubal. "It has cost enough." And now, with a loud grating noise, and littlashudder, the steamer stopped; and.then began the rush to land. JTubal kept his word about the boxes; and they were ruthlessly opened and turned over without any remonstrance from him. The only thing he took an interest in was his leather bat, which be opened himself dud pushed towerds the oicer with a caroleos airas much asrosay, "You may look; there's nothing wrongwilth that." All it appeared to contain was a half- : empty dlask of brandy and a few toilet reqsuisites. : : The officer pushed it back towards him with : some impatience; and Jub.ibal, trinmehant, marched away with his citgars to the crowded breakfastroom,which lookeduninvitingeoough. The proprietors well knew that the travellers must breakfast, at no matter what cost, and, that they must take what was put before them, or else face the next part of the journey without anything. So-tho several tables weren spread in no very attractive manner with food which would have been left untasted in a London restaurant. The passenrers, who had for the most part been sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed tes and wretched coffee servedto them at an extortionate price. (TO Es cosrssour.D.) 