THE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HAS ~~ SEEN. w Inhis weekly London letter Mr.W.Besa*t has the following : — A very good ghost - story — one of a churchyard and a phantom funeral — has been printed in the Liverpool Post and copied in the Pail Mall Gazette, where I saw it. My personal experience of spoaks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more then falls to the lot of most. The ~ first'' figure' 1 ever saw was about six o'clock on an evening in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight ; it became too dark for me to see any ' longer, and I knocked off. As I turned from the window I b-i- * came auare that a female figure was in the room ; it made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly. As I look edit disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door - w :s closed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it — a village built round the quad rangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; partofthp build ings; part of the old wall; the quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish church ; there were «- only two or three hundred people living here; outside ran and babbled the trout stream, with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I ?« took some tea or something, they talked to ' me about the past, the place was filled with echoes of the past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedrooms. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more wonderful place. I drove back, and spent the evening alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at eleven o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least three hundred years old. All this *? is introduction, in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. Now in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and sat up startled. I found the room perfectly light; the door, which I had locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and every thing. Never before bad I understood how beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. , The ladies sitting down on chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I knew not what they said. Suddenly — it shames me to confess the thing ? I was seized with a horrid terror. I leap ed from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my visitors ; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room ; the fire slowly burnt low ; the figures ntawly became faint ; they slowly vanished. Who were they? Well. You see tbat I have seen things. But I have heard noth- * ing. No communication bas ever been made to me from the other world at alL except by the spirit Katie, and she enly talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound for it. 