GHOSTS. Andrew Lang, in tile " New York Forum." Ghosts do not conic of " attentive ex pectation at least, not to everybody. X liavo been at amateur svmtces, and ex pected a great dealbut never saw or beard anything more abnormal than suppressed giggle, for which niv own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have passed nights in a haunted castle, witli the whole haunted wing to myself; and that when I was young, ill, and overworked. I have occupied the ghostly chamber where the original of Dickens's Miss Ilavisham (in " Great Expecta tions") lived and died in lier mouldy bridal raiment. But, in spite of expect ing, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything to establish the existence of a bogey, j In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinster to sleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved vulor liad previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short bis visit and bed the place. Here was a gliost of gentlemanly character, who appeared oidy to persons unlikely, as bo might guess, to bo dangerously alarmed. As a rule,'the fairly well-attested ghosts of my acquaintance have been seen, not by tlic timorous and fanciful, but by unim aginative people in perfect health. Some persons, as a man says in one of George Eliot's novels, "have ilio smell for ghost; " others have it not: and you cannot say beforehand who will prove a seer, and who -will ho unvisitcd by any shapcof dread. A scholar of world-wide reputation (among scholars) was, when a boy, driving in a dog-cart, while a stout farmer held the reins. Both were Scotch. They passed a churchyard, beyond which the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out of the kirk yard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided heside the dog- cart all down the long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the man nor the boy said a word while this lasted. "When the appearance had vanished, the farmer whisjjered, " Did you see yon ? " " Ay," said the lad. "Thank the Lord!" cried the farmer; "I was feared it was the horrors." He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whisky toddy. Finding that it was ob jective, he was reassured, though neither lie nor liis companion ever knew what the thing was that they had looked on. They both, perhaps, were " seers," and " had the smell for agliost." To myself, the most impressive spectre I ever heard of, at next to first hand, was this—I think I may have told the talc liefoie:— There is, in an English county, a village of one long street. The houses are small and old. At the head of the street, and at right angles to it, is the manor-house among its trees. The lady of the place was driving through the village one day (she told me the tale), when, through the open door of one of the houses, live or six children rushed out in the utmost panic, and one of them fell down in a tit before tlic horses. This was about three o'clock in the afternoon, 011 a sunny August day. The lady stopped, attended to the child, anil askeil the others what ailed them. They said they had heen at play on the staircase, when they were terrified hy " a dreadful woman," who suddenly appeared among them. And why was the woman dread fill The children could say only that she was dressed in a long woolen robe, and had her brow anil chin bound up with white linen. In fact, she was a walking corpse, conic back from the days when the law compelled us to be buried in woolen, for the better encouragement of the wool trade. This wandering old death, seen in the sunlight by children, has always appealed to me as a very good example of ghosts and of their vague, unaccountable ways. For it is most unlikely that the children knew anything of the obsolete law or of the ancient English mortuary fashions. However, there are diilerenees of taste in ghost stories, anil many prefer some thing -with more of a motive for an ap pearance. But the hest-attesteil spectres are motiveless: they resemble, as Mr. Myers says, what we might expect of a dead man's fevered dream, if in that sleep of death such dreams may come. Whether they come to the dead or not, a sort of refraction of them lias come, and probably will always coiuc, to the living, now anil then, and like " A sunset touch, A chorus ending of Euripides," will ever make us less assured that we know all about ourselves and have spoken the final word on death and life. : This, I think, is the moral and the lesson of ghost stories—we do not yet know every thing. 