SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. (By 'Ajax.') [By WrBE.] Melbourne, Tuesday Night. Bamage was in the paddock at Flem ington yesterday ; he hopes to be in the saddle again in a couple of months. The death is announced of Mr. J. 'W. Crosbia. an old time snorfc. and 'owner of the steeplechaser Monbulk. There ia very little wagering on the trotting match, Valentine v. Mystery, to take place at Moonee Valley to-morrow, Wednesday. The course will be a trifle heavy, which Mr. Bobbins, the owner of Mystery, considers will be rather against his mare. Maybe, the -winner of the Grand National Steeplechase, only came over from Tasmania in February last. He is rather a nice-looking grey gelding, and one of the cleverest jumpers ever seen in this colony. He was trained at Ballarat by the veteran T. Wilson. His owner, Mr. W. T. Jones, only backed him for a fair- stake; he fancied his other string, Tyro, most until a week ago, when Tyro went off, and had to be scratched. The public did not fancy the grey much, and the books all had good wins over the race. Bolton was a strong eleventh hour tip for the G.N. Steeplechase. He is trained at Ballarat, and in schooling was said to jump like the proverbial cat. He made a very poor exhibition of himself in the race, however, and was pulled up after covering half the distance. Busaco jumped better than it wa3 generally expected he -would. but Maybe had too. much pace for him at the finish. Busaco was also at a dis ndvantage in cutting his chest severely at the first fence. Sir Wilfred came to grief at the Stone wall in the first round, and it is said it is ,the first time in his life that tho - horse has fallen in public. Old Marmion, as far as condition went, looked as well as anything in the race. Ho was always in a good position, and assuming command after crossing the last fence it looked as if the race was to go to the Sydney horse, but he was not equal to the final effort, and only finished fourth. The Sydney contingent put a lot of money on The Markee for the Twoyear old Kane on t.hfl nnpnino1 f]n.v- of ths meeting,' and also backed him well at Caulfield on Saturday. Yesterday, how ever, he was only entrusted with a small amount of confidence and cash in the Lawn Handicap, which he won like a racehorse. He took command at the dis tance, and nothing thereafter had a show. This is a. smart two-year-old, and he will be seen to advantage in more important events. Jupiter, who won the Open Fleraington Steeplechase, only recently arrived from New Zealand, and is by Mufti. He fell over Sir Wilfred in the Grand National Steeplechase, and his chance in the big event was thus spoiled. Mirnee, the full brother to Malua, who won the July Handicap, is a bit of a. daisy. He won with ridiculous ease, and incurs a penalty of 71b in the Caulfield Cup, which brings his weight up to 7st 101b. The Bebel has incurred a penalty of 61b in the Melbourne Cup, bringing his impost to 6st 121b. The field for the firand National Steeple chase (nineteen) is the largest since the establishment of the race. The most numerous field previously comprised 15 runners. This year's Grand National Hurdle Bace was also best on record. This sounds well in view of the unfavorable circumstrnces in regard to weather, &c;, attending the meeting. Following are the highest prize-takers at the G.N. Meeting :— Mr. G. Glasscock, £1760 ; Mr. W. T. Jones, .£1575 ; Mr. J. B. Clark, £491 ; Mr. J. O. Inglis, £381 ; Mr. J. Abrahams, £359 ? Mi-rE: Keys, £300 ; Mr. G. Eussell, £300; Mr. M'Auley, £295 j Mr. S. Miller, £293. The total amount of stakes is £7605. Matters in connection with the betting market are almost at a standstill. Bun gebah has firmed for the Caulfield Cup, and 100 to 8 is. now difficult to get. - Melbourne, Monday. The Turf. The V.E.C. Grand National Meeting has at last been held, and the ' wuatmigutliave beens' are now being thrashed out by sport ing people. All calculations were upset by the heavy state of the going, and backers were altogether astray in their' selections. Times have been somewhat bad with the ring of late ; not tbat a greater percentage of favorites or fewer outsiders have been rolling home, but people haven't had the money to bet with, and where a metallician would get £100 in his bag on a race twelve months ago, he is now satisfied if he rakes in £50. The downfall of the heavilv-backed ones on Friday was therefore, a bit of a God send to these gentlemen, some of whom ' wanted it badly,' and in tbe event of Frolic or Havilah getting home in the Hurdle Baoe, would have bad to ask for time or to have made themselves scarce. Crusoe's victory in the Grand National Hurdle Bace was scarcely a popular one with tbe public. The stable is a straight enough one, and in old Martin Burke we have one of the whitest jockeys in Australia, but backers didn't give Crusoe a show, and therefore they were not pleased when he got home. Tho stable considered he had a good outside chance, and made no secret of the fact, and backed him for a good stake at long price3, 1C0 to 3 and 100 to 4. All doubles were upset by Crusoe's win, as very few punters bad picked him to commence with. Crusoe is a son of Robinson Crusoe, and has always been a fair performer. He was never a brilliant horse, but the long journey and the heavy course suited him well, and be was brought out in splendid condition undoubtedly won, though in good going the probabilities are that Crusoe would not have got a place. Goldleaf's second in the G.N. Hurdle rather surprised a good many people, though his party supported him for a fair stake. There was no doubt, ou his Sydney running, that he was leniently treated, but he did not please the local touts in his work. He looked as if he was going to make a fight of it at the distance, but as soon as Crusoe was shaken up bo easily left tbe Sydney gelding. Frolic, who started a hot favorite, ran in the ruck all the way, and finished last. He jumped badly, and did not seem able to raise a gallop. The New Zealander Ixion, now owned by Mr. A. B. Blackwood, is a fine stamp of a horse, and showed himself pretty good at the game, but be bad no show at tbe finish. Tradition beat Leroy badly on the training track, bnt struck his leg, and had to be scratched. This was bad luok for bia owner, as on Leroy's running he must have nearly won. The heavily backed liorse Havilah injured himself silently- is earning down from Ballarat, and he weakened a good bit in the market in consequence. He occu pied a prominent position throughout, but his stable companion Boonie Voon finished in front of him. Porcius looked as if he had the race in hand half a mile from home, where' he was going strongly in front, but be spoiled his chance by running off. Bellringer managed to run into sixth place. Pentagon was returned by the reporters aB being fourth, but his colors were mistaken for The Student. Pentagon was about four teenth. Tbe Maiden Hurdle Bace, which opened the day's raolng, fell to Iris, a daughter of King Tom, in the powerful stable of tbe Messrs. Miller, and her condition pulled her through ; bnt her chance was not much fancied by her stable, and she went out at a long priue. Yabba was a good deal fancied, but he jumped badly. Seven out of the eleven starters fell ia the Maiden Steeple chase, including Grandwing, tbe favorite. The winner. Schoolboy, had the advantage of being trained on a good private course an n.euor. iur. o. u. i-oo£ s coit wno won tue Two-Yoar-Old Handicap showed excellent form. This son of Newminster is in the Derby, and he may perhapB prove better than Mr. Oook'i other atring Yarran. .Th* Sydney geldia* The MukM allowed Portem to gvb second place on sufferance, but ? neither had tho ghost of a show against The Eobel. Goldsbrough's son Goldreef, trained by Scobie and ridden by E. Power, had tho easiest of wins in the Winter Handicap, which brought tbe day's racing to a conclusion. The South Australian gelding Dillon was scratched for tho Grand National Hurdle Baco, under the impression tbat he oould just about win this race, but he only managed to run fourth. The trotting matoh between Dr. Slate's Valentine and Mr. F. Bobbins' Mystery takes place at the Moonee Valley Meeting on Wednosday of this week. Valentino is a trotter, and was bred in America, while Mystery is a pacer, and was bred in Victoria, being by Honesty. The matoh is for £100 aside, mile beats, best two out of three. Mr. Cox, proprietor of the course, given £50 to tbe owner of tho winner if the Australian mile record of 2min 30seo (made by Mystery's sire) is beaten. If the course is in good order I think this record will be brokon, though the state of the ground at present is not conducive to record-breaking. Mr. Bobbins is very con fident, and as according to the conditions the animals have to be driven by their relative owners, he will have a bit the best of the deal in this respect. Mr. Bobbins is an old Amerioan trotting man, and knows every point of the game. I fancy MyBtery will win, though it caunot be denied that in Valentine Dr. Slate has a very brilliant trotter. Death has removed a very old racing man in the person of Mr. Henry Phillips, of the Brvnn O'Lvnn Stud, near warrnambol. / Ho was one of the best known and most successful of our breeders. In tho early sixties his colors were frequently carried to victory by Gaffor Groy, Plaintiff, Flying Fox, Cobweb, Young Hector, Cleve, Pell Mel], Pluto, The Fawn, Adelaide, and Commotion. Panic was for ycar3 the backbone of the stud, and his greatest son. Commotion, saw the light of day at Bryan O'Lynn. Though it is thirteen years since Panio died, his stout blood still pre dominates in a number of our best jumpers. The whole of the stud is to sold ou August 10. After sncli a long spell of any racing wortn speaking of, sporting people flockoU to Blsternwiok Park on Thursday last, when an excellent programme was gone tbrougb. The Hurdle Race fell to Larry ('Jit 71b), a pro mising son of Argus Scandal, who thereby disqualified himself as a starter for the V.B.C. Maiden Hurdle Bace. Larry is trained by J. O'Loughlan, and has more than once run well, though he has occasionally shown a. disposition to shirk it at the finish. Mr. H. Oxenham started Handover in the race, but the gelding only ran fairly well. Mr. Mark Thompson had no bettor luck with Labor in the July Handicap, which fell to Pakeha's brother, Briton (8st 21b), after a fine finish with Good Hope (9st 101b). The latter is ono of the best handicap horses competing at tbe suburban meeting, and would have won tbis race had she made her run sooner. Old Hogmanay revelled in the heavy going, and landed tho Selling Bace in a very soft manner. The Selling Steeplechase fell to Sugar, an aged gelding by' John Bull, trained and ridden by Joo Gardner ; while the Elsteruwick Park Handicap was won by Mr. Paradice's Bedfern, a son of Goldsbrough, who recently arrived from Queensland. The trotting events fell to Herd Laddie (a New Zealander) and Steeltrap. More than ordinary iiiterest was taken in the Caulfield meeting on Saturday, as it was sandwitched in between the two days of the V.E.C. Grand National fixtnre. The day was fine, and the ground at Caulfield being sandy, the going was not at all bad. Mr. S. G. Cook, whose luck has been rather encouraging of late, was tbe hero of tho occasion, as he pulled oS a couple of races. The Hnnlle Eaco fell to his mare Leona (by Swiveller) who was nioeiy nanuicappoawitu lost izio. bora leaf, and the Tasmanian liorse Hamilton, who atter going well for some distance in the Grand National Hurdle Baco got rid of bis rider) made mo3t of the running in Saturday's race, but Leona, well ridden by that clever amateur, Mr. J. E. Breivor, cut everything down in the straight and won pretty oasiiy from Hamilton, with Duval in third lilcvce, while Goldleaf, who pulled off when Leona took command, was fourth. Leroy started favorito, but he came to grief, much to the disgust of his numerous hackers, and Crusoe, who was well backed, performed badly. Gold leaf has been an unlucky horse since ho came over here, bnt he may score before long. The other event won by Mr. Cook waB tho Kara brook Handicap (7 furlongs) with The Doctor, who is a two-year-old eoii of Musk Hose (the latter by Musket.) Tho Doctor, who carried Gat 121b, is a fair colt, and will always linlrl Iiih nwii in Tirot.f.v irnnri f-nvnnn*w Churchill was favorito for the race, but tb'is disappointing horse was not in it at the finish. Wilga's Sister, Epi (8st 21b), secured second place, and tbe unlucky Bloodshed (7st 51b) third position. Another two-yeav-old, by a son of Musket, was also successful. She (by Nordenleldt, from Steppe, tbe dam of Bussley), winning the Two-year-old Handicap. She is owned by Mr. W. B. Wilson, of St. Albans, and (Jusdiu, tbe smart light-weight who recently joined tbe stable, had the mount. Tbe filly carried 8st 51b, and won easily from Mr. J. Abraham's colt, The Markee (8st), who was pretty well backed by tlie Sydney contingent, but Memoir, 7st 31b, carried most money. This tilly is by Darriwell, and is trained by Carslake, and has shown some excellent gallops on the track. She cut up rather badly in the race. Mark Thompson turned out Labor in good fettle for the Selling Bace, for which he started a slightly better favorite than Hogmanay. Labor won all the way, and Mr. Oxeubamhad afterwards to give 350 sovs to get this smart son of The Works back. The principal flat race of the dav. the Murrumbeena Handicap (1 mile and 3 furlongs) proved tbe best of good things for tbe South Australian gelding Dillon, 7st 31b, who carried a good deal of money. The favorite was, however, the Queensland-bred Stambonl, 7st 91b, who made rather a poor show. Bloodshed, 7st 3ib, was third. Dillon, earryinga 71bpenalty, subsequentlystarted in theKambrobk Handicap (won by The Docton), ttnd his running not being considered satisfac tory, bis owner, trainer, and jockey, aa well as the horse, were disqualified for two years. There is some difference of opinion amongst those present as to the jnstice of this sen tence. Mr. J. B. Clark's Grandwing, who fell at the first jump in the V.R.C. Maiden Steeplechase, was more successful on Satur day, as he jumped faultlessly ia tbe Handicap Steeplechase, abd won with a good bit in hand. The son of Goldsbrough carried lOst 31b. I hear that Goldleaf is likely to go into Cor rigan's stable atXDaulfleld. He looks as poor as a crow, and people here are rather sur prised at his excellent performances. But perhaps be ia one of tbe kind tbat run boat when light. Tbe committee of tho V.E.C. are submit ting a proposition at the annual meeting of tbe members of the club on August 3 to give Mr. E. T. Barnard, tbe retiring handioapper, an allowance of- £500 a year for life. 