THE; COST rQF A LIE; BY MRS H; LOYETT CAMERON. ' CHAPTER XIII. ? plouhik's aukival. ' Plorrio,' said Stella, in ft terrified whisper, 'has anything happened? What is the matter? For Heaven's sake toll me what, it is 1 ' Stella was whites as a sheet, and trembled in overy limb ; Florrio on the contrary, looked full of spirits and life, her cheeks were flushed, her eyes spark led : she. seemed to be beaming over with excitement. As she stepped into the little room she gave ono rapid glancc around it, thou, seeing that her sister was alone, she uttered a little laugh of contentment. ' What good luck to have found yon alone !' she cried, holding out her cheek for her sister to kiss. ' I was wonder ing how on earth I should efl'ect my entrance into this veritable dragon's castle. I really had not the couragc to ring at the front door ; tho guardian of the fortress might have turned tlie dogs loose on me. When I saw tho light of your lamp, and your face looking out of the wiadow, I could have jumped for joy ' But what has brought you like this,' stammered Stella in a bewildered way. ' Why have you nob written for so long. Why did you not let us know when you were coming 1 and what have you done with your luggage ? How did you get from the station ?' ' What a lot of questions all at once ! laughed Florrie merrily. ' Poor Stella! you look frightened out of your wits ! Here, take hold of me— pinch me ! You see I'm not a ghost, don't you? I 'really am my very own self in the flesh ! WLy, you don't look a bit glad to see uic, and I thought you wanted me so, much te come ? 'Of course I did ! but, for pity's sake enlighten me——' 'Now, please don't ask all those bewildering questions oror again — I a*i ? going to answer them. I thought I would take you by surprise, you see ; besides, I was not quite sure if I should coine' to-day or to-morrow ; and there was no fly at the station, so I have walked- ? ' , ' Walked! why it is two miles !' and Stella : involuntarily glanced down at Home's boots. They were dainty little boots,' and were' scarcely soiled,; they certainly did not look as if they had tramped along two miles of country' lanes,1 th'at must bo very muddy after the rain of the afternoon. ' And : how oil earth did you find your way?' ' Oil, one of the aborigines directed me, and carried my bag — you see I have a dressing-bag — as far as the park gates. 'But your box, Florrie—- what, lias become of your box ?' ' Oh,' Madame Hal evy was to send it, on j it will arrive' to-morrow, I have noj doubt.'- ? j .'.Madame Halevy I' repeated Stella-; 'Have you not, then, come from Paris?: Why, where have you been?' ]?or the first time Florrie seemed; little. 'disconcerted, and her eyes lostj something of the merry assurance with \ which she had been giving ker rather j incredible explanations ; her voice shook j alittle too, although she evidently tried; to pass it off lightly. ' Oh, dear, how silly I am not to have told you before 1 Yes, of course, I have couie from Paris, only I spent the last two days with some other friends — Monsieur Halevy 's sister, in fact — a charming woman, who was very kind to nie. ' ' I have come from there, of course.' Stella felt that this explanation ,was rather unsatisfactory, bub she did not .know how to express her uneasiness, so she said nothing. Florrie sat down, and Hung, oil her long cloak, upon the sofa, and ..took ofl; her bonuet. Stella could not help re marking that she was . very handsomely, dressed — almost toq. much so for a girl whose allowance was of the slenderest ; however, she quickly recollected that her sister's dress was probably a present froin Madame Halevy. Florrie was . altered too ; there was a certain/selfcon fidence and womanliness in her manner ? which was new toiler, and which Stella ' set down to lier recent experiences in the great world of Parisian society. She was looking very well, but , seemed almost too excited to sit still. She kept jumping up and down, ex amining everything in the room, and chattered incessantly.: Florrie was 'rather taller than Stella, ' and was certainly a pretty girl, although her features lacked the regularity and the . charming expression which made Stella's face so singularly fascinating. ' ; She had not the sincere and candid eyes that looked so fearlessly and truth fully into the world about them, nor was there as much feeling mingled with decision, in her moulli. Her hair, too, was seteral shades darker than her sis ' tor's, 'and though it oertaiuly might be pnllsc] fair, it) Is-ckccJ ths goldeu glco-tu that crowned Stella's lovely head as with a diadem. 1 ' What am I to dp about explaining your arrival 1' said Stella porplcxodly. Why, say, of course, that I arrived unexpectedly.' ' But there are tho servants — what will they think of your not having come in by the front door ?' Florrie laughed. 'Oh, you can easily say that you went to the door yourself to look out at the weather, and found me just coming up the steps. You can say I've lost, my luggage, and it is quite true that there was no fly at the station.' However little Stella cared about falling in with these ingenious and plausible inventions, she was bound in some measure to countenance the ex planations which Florrie chose, to make of the mysterious manner of her arrival at Wrex'ham. She was, however, ti good deal disturbed and disquieted in her own mind. ' I must got you something to cat,' she said perplexedly ; and she wondered whether she had bettor attack Mrs. Finch boldly upon the subject, or whether a private interview with the butler might nob, under the circum stances, bo a more politic proceeding. ' Oil 1 I, don't want anything to eat at all,' cried Florrie, settling the diffi culty for her. ' I have had a very good dinner, and I am not in theleast hungry.' ' A good dinner, Florrie ! ' repeated Stella in amazement. ' Why, where on earth- ? ' ' ' Oh ! I got some dinner in London,' interrupted Florrie hurriedly—' at the station hotel. I had an. hour to wait there, you know, so I thought I had better have something to eat.' After somo further discussion, Stella settled that it would be better for Florrie to share her room that night, and that she would account to her grandfather for her sister's arrival in the morning in the best way that she could devise. 1 Florrie made no objection to this, and the sisters retired to bed. ; Tlie difficulty of Florrie's arrival was got over more easily than Stella antici pated. .. Stella sought her grandfather's presence early tke next' morning, and in a, few words announced the fact of. her sister's presence in the house. ? :. ' Arrived last night, did she? Why was I not told ? ' was . Mr. , . King's re mark. ? 'It was late to disturb you, grand papa,' replied Stella evasively. ' 'Umph! Well, I am glad she has come at last. Send her to me.' ' FI(5rrie was so tired this morning, she is remaining in -bed for breakfast,' ' Then she can come into my study as soon as she is up. I suppose Mrs. Finch has looked after her properly !' Stella murmured', an unintelligible reply, and withdrew. She found Mrs. Finch, in tho dining room making the tea, and dashed boldly into the subject upon her mind. ' My sister arrived last night, Mrs. : Finch.' ! ' Youv sister ?. Does Mr. King know?: 'Of course he knows ; if you willj pour out a cup of. tea for her, please, I J will take it to her ; :she;is- nrit-'goiiig toj get up till after breakfast.' ; Thus things, somehow, were never; inquirec' into, and Stella managed', to account satisfactorily for the mys terious arrival of the traveller,' and also, for tlie appearance of her box, which came duly to hand at about noon tho same day, by having recourse to that wise principle which tells us that, in any bad business, 'least said is soonest mended.' Mr. King was under the impression' that Mrs. Finch had known, and Mrs. Finch supposed the samo of Mr. King. : and neither of them fortunately, thought the subject, of sufficient importance to, cross-question the servants about it. Only Stella tad that uncomfortable and unsatisfied feeling about her sister; which comes to us wken we know, by an unerring instinct, that we are being tricked aud cheated into believing things that aro not true. Mr. King was at heart delighted at Florrie's arrival, and he was very im i 'patient 'to see her ; for, after all, it was upon the younger sister that were now centred all his hopes for the fulfilment of his pet scheme. But when he did see Florrie, ho did not take a fancy to her. *' She looked timid and nervous, and. answered his somewhat rough cross questioning with trembling mono syllables — not at all in tho dauntless manner in which Stella had so happily taken his fancy. ' So you've come at last, miss ?' were his first words to her ; ' and high time, too. What have you been doing with yourself, pray ?' 'Nothing, Mr. King,' said Florrio tremulously. She was gonuinely frightened by the guuut old |u»u and liiu scowling pyw, ' What do you call me Mr. King for ? I'm your grandfather, I supposo you know ?' ; ' Yes.' j ' Very woll, then, call mo so. And what do you mean by ' nothing V I suppose you have had some reason for stopping at Paris with a parcel of foreigners, instead of coming here, lilco a good girl, with your sister, as you ought to have done, eh?' Ho looked at her sharply ; but Florrio mado no answer, she kept her eyes cast down, and her color came and went rapidly. ' She's a fool,' reflected Mr, King, ' not a quarter so pretty or so clover as 1 the other. I don't like her much. What a stupid mistake of Norman to have taken a disliko to Stella I she is worth two of this one. However, I won't grumble if he marries her — after all, it is all I have asked him to do.' ' Do you know,' he said abud, ' that [ have plans for your fuuire, Miss Florrie ?' 'Yes, grandpapa.' 'Oh ! you know it, do you ? Well, I hope you will make no difficulties, and do what I wish.' ' Yes, grandpapa.' ' There, go away now — I've nothing more to say to you.' He turned from her impatiently ; and Florrie, thankful to be lelcasod, fled from tlie room, with its oppressive book cases and brown leathern chairs, into the conipaiative freedom of Stella's little sanctum, Mr; King was very cross ; ho loved trying to strike awe, but he hated to seo people really terrified in his presence. He chuckled a little to himself as he drew his writing-case towards him. 'Fancy the other saying those milk and-water ' Yes, Grandpapa's 1' [ should like to see her face if I had told her to marry her cousin. Little spitfire. I do like a girl with a spirit of her own. This ' child is like a doll stuffed with cotton .wool. However, she Is my boy's child all the same. Ah ! what a pity Norman didn't fancy Stella.' And then he began to write to his grandson : ' Gome back as soon as you get this ; the. other sister has arrived. 1 am suro I don't know if you will like lier ; but as she is very different from Stella, you probably will. At any rate, she is us meek and mild as a mouse, and I don't suppose she ever said an angry word or lost her placid little equanimity in her life ; and that, I believe, is what you like.' Meanwhile Florrie was exclaiming — ' Oh I Stella, what a horrible old man.' ' Oh, no, Florrie, he really is kind at heart; it is only his manner. Do you know, I am getting quite fond of grand papa.' , ? ' Are1 you !' ; cricd' Florrie, opening her eyes. . ' Well, I think he is quite detestable.' . ? ' ' ? ' ' 1 (To lie Continued) . ' ? ?? i 