GOING TO HEAVEN ON RAILROADS. The Gospel Advocate, oneof ourmost spicy American exchanges, in discussing the ques tion of Foreign Missions with a contemporary, says : The CUlristiau EanUgelst quotes a paragraph from this page to the effect that " Foreign mission work has of late received a great impetus yb the building of railroads and pushing of vast commercial enterprises in wide regions of country hitherto shrouded in heathen darkness," and ironically remarks with some degree of sarcasm: "Therefore foreign missions are wrong, and ought to be squelched." IBy no means. The point I make is that all this gush about evangelizing the heathen nations with railroads is bhalder dash. Folks can't go, to heaven on railroads. It is an open question whether railroads run in that direction. What thehehathen nations need, so far as preparing them for heaven and immortal glory, is the gospeL If the inhabitants of civilize'l Europe and America could swop some of their railroads and other " vast commercial enterprises" for * the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost whichis given unto us," their chances for the New Jerusalem would not be seriously diminished. By all means, push mission work in foreign lands, but don't depend too much on railroads and other " vast commercial enterprises" to con vert the heathen and save souls. Stick to the gospel and "preach the word." There is more truth in the above than we may be able to see at first glance, truth which not only applies to heathen in heathen lands but heathen in our own land. "The Gospel is the power of God unto salvation," and nothing in all this world will save men but that Our Churches are full of "refinement," "culture," and a lot of other things, good enough in their way, but they won't save people from the power and consequences of sin. We know that hundreds of people around us are quite satisfied with their covering of the rags of civilization, when nothing but being "clothed upon with the righteousness of God which is by faith in the Lord Jesus Christ," can avail them for a moment. Don't understand us fora moment to mean that education, etc., are to be dis couraged, but we must be careful not to make these things the saving power of the world. Let us "stick to the Gospel and preach the Word."--Christian Standard. The man who is beyond fear or favour in every direction is one who stands head and shoulders above the crowd. He is the king where these others, the majority, are only serfs. A few there are of this granite strength, but lamentably few in proportion to those who sell or give themselves away. 