TORQUEMADA. AND. Thi .i- TIL ' QUISITION.. : . " ,:cT.:lr'.l .. " " "* ?': The i?pigmet's of the Inquistion were H;wOva given in a' large place, capable of T C.?.lining a great urmnb'.r uf people. 3,00.0 Rir ln00. in thi amnphithelitre of. which were t :r w.i:raed ..tsi or aiffereut heaihlt'a ordegrees, ...:ne for t1he accufiJ, othz.rs ifr the tribunbal of tlih rI'oui-itior and coulnllniors of the kimdoi?ud, ti,1 t w..rinir alevvo all the others linat ol tho Grand Inqai-itor. In the space b btetwoien was placed a chair for the preacher, with lii altar by its side and a stool f,.r IL i eliminil wou was to hear h hiis S?i.ceinu -. T'hE. ceremony generally took . p:lac. on :a Stuiday- on a gcod day good j work. tlhoght rinse iorribl, me-e-commeno ing at I o'C:l k in tlih morning, anl Kointg on iutil G in tihe evening. They took the prLs.'mer- from their dungeons, giving elch one a little vo-t, having sleeved toaged or O weightel willt iron, and tight drawers which ncame down to their heels, vest and drawers b min made of tl:ck linea striped with white. Out'side this dreso they put a sanbenifo, which is a sort of eloak or soapulary, which hung down in the froint and at the back, after the fashion of a hcrald's coat, and those who wore them know 1 whit their sentence would be before hand from the different colours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Thbos ] who wore condemned to death had saube nitos of yellow linen, with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a scapulary called samarra, on which were embroidered flames burning downwards, such as the Por tuguese called Fogo Revolto, and those coni demned to be burnt alive a grey samarra, on which was represented a man surrounded .by flames, and devils stirring up the fire.' At the end of the scapulary the vintim'sname and orime were written. They also wore pasteboard caps inthe shapeof a suarloaforcunicalmitre, garnished liberally with flames and imps, called carochas. They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they were ironically invited to eat. This farce being over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the publio square by a familiar of the Holy Oftice, who, under the name of godfather, wa- obliged to lnswer and he repnonaible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim per formance. Then the procession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going first because he was the first Inquisitor of his faith: then came the other lnquisitoie, the high dignitaries of the Church, the noliity, and magistrates; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with nakel feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the pasteboard caps, elMh uue hlldiulg the wax taner in lis hand. In the middle of the pro cession a largo crucifix was carried, the face of the figure onit turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the bthers as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at.the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and 'gave a sermon tending to the conversion of the Jews and heretics, who were iblasphemously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, conucted by an A.kaire, placed himslf on his knees before the inquisitor, who read his procs and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who "had u escaped death, and ab solved them from the excommuni cation which they had incurred, giving each one a litle-stroke with a rod. This sentence ofexcommunication was thought so terrible, that the officers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the accused nor show them the slightest mark of friendship-not even the godfatherswho walked besidethem. But the moment they were absolved from their ex communication they might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of 'his canonicals, which he was Sallowed toweartothelast, thathis humiliation Sand degradation mightbe greater, and then to remove the oil of his consecration he .was \- o-ejccana-ro-an'-m nost-rsn na- naomananIo process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was nut with the common herd to await his final punishment. Those whose execution had not yet been Sarranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who Shad saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to Sdeath, and while the former were conducted Sonce -more to the dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dun geons of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long Slong years in those loathsome places, per haps inthe end,after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, Sthe only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime; the others who had been t condemned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the plaeo of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner esked'them -in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Chris e tians they were mercifully strangled before e being burnt; if not-and the Jews and SMohommedans often adhered to their re Sligion with 'dogged courage, suffering any tortnree rather thanrecant-they were burnt Salive Prisoners were jealously guarded from Shaving any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of the charges Smade against them, and in a truly desolate Scondition, with the fear of unknown horrors Sbefore them ;-for Torquemada knew not the qualit-y of.moray, andin the deep andimpreg * nable vaults of the Inquisition hadhis unhappy victims tortnred in the most horrible manner, in order tosmake them confess their guilt, or 0 at any rateo that which the Inquisition wished them to confese, and the tortures being more, in many eases, than human I nature could .endure,.no end of people con fessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, these t fiends,. in the name of religion, tortured their hapless viotinc. " Whether man, matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched -pon the wooden bench. Weter, weights, fires, pnlleys, screws - all the apparatus by which the sinews oould be strained without I cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the bohy «aced .exquisitely. without I giving up Ite ghost-was .now put into operation. The .execntioner,. nveloped in a black robe from hoed to foot, with his eyes glaring at his rdctim4hrough holes out in the hood which mufBed his -face, practised suO cessively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of .monks had invented." The heavy noisosae air -.ef :the dangeona re sounded with the .cries and grocns of the miserable wretches, who .in -thoue medi evral diys thought ithey would lose i their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the ifith ,in which they had been born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and harrible po.ins of both mind and body. But what cared Tor quemada and hisbloodhobannd for that-? IWhey were heretics, dogs of Sews, and they must suffer, in that they did not belong to.the Ioly Church of Rome. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints wore like to crack, and burst asunder; they were ti?. with the soles of their bare feet withiC l a few inches of a blazing fire--a foretaste of that cruel death at the stake to which so many were to come at last; they were suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's fingerswere orushed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downward, and soonrged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh. 2inched away with rod.hot irons; their .to and -finger nailaswere torh off; :their teeti'dragged out; they were forced into macI iess that pressed the knees up tothe chin, bet .the head down on the tsxptSSlpmie01Ra tha in. Ba-fp inpofIl ft hion;. they wedrsue sus ded by ep oo drveen in under the honlder-biades ; they w' .*re noearly, ios& \- ,amunder':? ropes and pnileys; they were pp!rod?ed With redhe ot..neee all over the'.bodjitna limbs; sd a e.refinemdnt ,o torture whi? Torquemanda often ordered,, wos to have a cloth tied over the noses and " loth `of the victim, and a monk, whd eat beside, kept dropping" water on the eloth, which must hrae proiucod a mosbt pinfitirnseO of effdjo cation.. Torquemada, in 14981 the author of so much'woe and misery, the: object of such bitter hatred; died peaceably, in his. ied "For the advancement of the faith iill means aroe.lawfuL" If this we'e enot ,it ralopld have.been his motto.. "The convictions of Torquemada," says. X. ,Rossouw-Saint Bilaire, "were sinoere,, one cannot doubt, when one examinee his life; but with :what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour an 'perseverance that others do good ? His name romains for all time detested and abhorred amongst men. But his evil work, unhappily, is not dead wit h him. During more than three con turies the Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet bears its impress.. . 