The Ebony Frame. To be rich is a luxurious sensation—the more so when you have plumbed the depths of hardup-ness as a Fleet-street hack, a picker-up of unconsidered pars, a reporter, an unappreciated journalist—all callings inconsistent with one's family feeling and one's direct descent from the Dukes of Picardy. When my Aunt Doroas died and left me five hundred a year and a furnished house in Chelsea I felt that life had nothing left to offer except immediate possession of the legacy. Even Mildred Mayhew, whom I had hitherto regarded as my life's light, became less luminous. I was not engaged to Mildred, but I lodged with her mother and I sang duets with Mildred and gave her gloves when it would run to it, which was seldom. She was a dear, good girl, and I meant to marry her some day. It is very nice to feel that a good little woman is thinking of you—it helps you in your work— and it is pleasant to know she will say *' Yes" when you say " Will you ?" But, as I say, my legacy almost put Mildred out of my head, especially as she was staying with friends in the country just then. Before the first gloss was off my new mourn ing I was seated in ray aunt's own armchair in front of the fire in the dining-room of my own house. My own house! It was grand, but rather lonely. I did think of Mildred just then. The room was comfortably furnished with oak and leather. On the walls hung a few fairly good oil paintings, but the space above the mantelpiece was disfigured by an exceedingly bad print —"The Trial of Lord William Bussell "—framed in a dark frame. I got up to look at it. I had visited my aunt with dutiful regularity, but I never remembered seeing this frame before. It was not intended for a print, but for an oil painting. It waa of fine ebony, beautifully and curiously carved. I looked at it with growing interest, and when my aunt's housemaid—l had retained her modest staff of servants —came in with the lamp I asked her how long the print had been there. " Mistress only bought it two days afore she was took ill," she said, " but the frame—she didn't want to buy a now one, so she got this dot of the attic There's lots of curious old things there, sir." " Had my aunt had this frame long?" " Oh, yes, sir. It came long afore I did, and Tve been here seven years come Christmas. There was a picture in it—that's upstairs too — but it's that black and ugly it might as well be a chimley- back." I felt a desire to see this picture. What if it were some priceless old master in whioh my aunt's eyes hod only seen rubbish ? Directly after breakfast next morning I paid a visit to the lumber-room. It was crammed with old furniture enough to stook a curiosity shop. All the house was fur nished solidly in the early Viotorion style, and in thia room everything not in keeping with the "drawing suite" ideal was stowed away. Tables of papier mach6 and mother-of-pearl, straight-backed chairs with twisted feet and faded needlework oushions, fire-screens of Old World design, old bureaus with brass handles, a little work-table with its faded, moth-eaten silk flutings hanging in disconsolate shreds; on these and the dust that oovered them blazed the full daylight as I drew up the blinds. I promised myself a good timo in re- enshrining these household gods in my parlour and pro moting the Viotorion suite to the attic. But at present my business was to find the picture as " blaok as the chimney-back:" and presently, behind a heap of hideous still-life studies, I found it. Jane, the housemaid, identified it at once. I took it downstairs carefully and examined it. No subject, no colour was distinguishable. There was a splodge of a darker tint in the middle, bat whether it was'figure or tree or house no man oould have told. It seemed to be painted on a very thick panel bound with leather. I decided to send it to one of those persons who pour the waters of eternal youth on rotting family . portraits—mere soap and water, Mr. Besant tells us it is—but even as I did so the thought ocourred to me to try my own restora tive hand at a corner of it. My bath sponge, soap, and nail-brash vigorously applied for a few seconds showed me that there was no picture to olean. Bore oak presented itself to my persevering brush. I tried the other side, Jane watching me with indulgent interest. Same result. Then the truth dawned on me. Why was the panel so thick ? I tore off the leather binding and the panel divided and fell to the ground in a cloud of dust. There were two pictures—they hod been nailed face to face. I leaned them against the wall, and next moment I was leaning against it myself. For one of the piotures was myself—a per feot portrait—no shade of expression or turn of feature wanting. Myself—in a cavalier dress, "love- looks" and all! When had this been done? And how, without my knowledge? Was this some whim of my annt's? " Lor', sir!" tho shrill surprise of Jane at my elbow; " What a lovely photo it is! Was it a fancy ball, sir?'? "Yes," I stammered. "I—l don't think I want anything more now. You can go." She went; and I turned, still with my heart beating violently, to the other picture. This was a woman of the type of beauty beloved of Burne Jones and Bossetti—straight nose, low brows, full lips, thin hands, large deep lumi nous eyes. She wore a blaok velvet gown. It was a full-length portrait. Her arms rested on a table beside her, and her head on her hands; but her face was turned full forward and her eyes met those of the speotator be wilderingljr. On the table by her were com passes ana instruments whose uses I did not know, books, a goblet, and a miscellaneous heap of papers and pens. I saw all this after wards. I believe it was a quarter of an hour before I could turn my eyes away from hers. I have never seen any other eyes like hers. They appealed, as a child's or a dog's do; they commanded, as might those of an Empress. " Shall I sweep up the dust, sir ?" Curiosity had brought Jane book. I oooeded. I turned from her my portrait. I kept between her and the woman in the blaok velvet. When I was alone again I tore down " The Trial of Lord William Russell," and put the picture ef the woman in its strong ebony frame. Then I wrote to a framemaker for a frame for my portrait. It had so long lived face to faoe with this beautiful witch that I had not the heart to banish it from her presence ; from whioh it will be perceived that I am by nature a somewhat sentimental person. The new frame oame home, and I hung it opposite the fireplace. An exhaustive search among my aunt's papers showed no explanation of the portrait of myself, no history of the por trait of the woman with the wonderful eyes. I only learned that all the old furniture together had come to my aunt at the death of my great unale, the head of the family, and I should have concluded that the resemblance was only a family one if every one who came in had not exclaimed at the "speaking likeness." I adopted the " fancy ball" explanation. And there, one might suppose, the matter of the portraits ended. One might suppose if— that is, if there were not evidently a good deal more written here about it. However, to me, then, the matter seemed ended. I went to see Mildred; invited her and her mother to come and stay with me. I rather avoided glancing at the picture in the ebony frame. I oould not forget nor remember without singular emotion the look in the eyes of that woman when mine first met them. I shrank from repeating that look. I reorganised the house somewhat, preparing for Mildred's visit. I turned the dining-room into a drawing-room. I brought down much of the old-fashioned furniture, and, after a long day of arranging and rearranging, I sat down before the fire, and, lying back in a pleasant langour, I idly raised my eyes to the pioture. I met her dark, deep, hazel eyes, and once more my gaze was held fixed as by a strong magic—the kind of fascination that keeps one sometimes staring for whole minutes into one's own eyes in the glass. I gazed into her eyes and felt my own dilate, pricked with a smart like the smart of tears. " I wish," I said, " oh, how I wish you were a woman, and not a pioture! Come down! Ah, oome down I" I laughed at myself as I spoke, but even as I laughed I held out my arms. I was not sleepy; I was not drunk. I was as wide-awake and as sober as ever was a man in this world. And yet, as I held out my arms, I saw the eyes of the pioture dilate, her lips tremble—if I were to be hanged for saying it, it is true. Her hands moved slightly, and a sort of flicker of a smile passed over her face. I sprang to my feet. "This won't do," I said still aloud. *' Firelight does play strange tricks. I'll have the lamp." I pulled myself together and made for the bell. My hand was on it, when I heard a sound behiod roe, and turned—the bell still unrung. The fire had burned low, and the corners of the room were deeply shadowed, but, surely there—behind the tall worked chair —was something darker than a shadow. " I mast face this out," I said, " or I shall never be able to faoe myself again." I left the bell, I seized the poker, and battered the dull coals to a blaze. Then I stopped back reso lutely and looked up at the picture. The ebony frame was empty. From the shadow of the chair came a silken rustle, and out of the shadow the woman in the picture was coming. I hope I shall never again know a moment of such blank and absolute terror as that. I could not have moved or spoken to save my life. Either all the known laws of Nature were nothing, or I was mad. I stood trembling, but, I am thankful to remember, stood still, while the blaok velvet gown swept across the hearth rug towards me. Next moment a hand touched me—a hand soft, warm, and human—and a low voice said, " You called me. lam here." At that touch and that voice the world seemed to give a sort of bewildering half torn. I hardly know how to express it, but at once it seemed not awful—not even unusual—for por traits to become flesh—only most natural, most right, most unspeakably fortunate. I laid my hand on hers. I looked from her to my portrait. I could not see it in the firelight. " We are not strangers ?" I said. "Oh, no, not strangers." Those luminous eyes were looking up into mine—those red lips were near me. With a passionate ory—a sense of having suddenly rooovered life's one great good that had seemed wholly lost—l clasped her in my arms. She was no ghost she was a woman—the only woman in the world. "How long," I said, "oh love—how long since I lost you?" She leaned back, hanging her full weight on the hands that were olasped behind my head. "How can I tell how long? There is no time in hell," she answered. It was not a dream. Ah, no—there are no such dreams. I wish to God there oould be. When in dreams do I see her eyes, hear her voice, fed her lips against my cheek, hold her hands to my lips, as I did that night—the supreme night ot my life ? At first we hardly spoke. It seemed enough, After long grief ond pain, To feel the arms of my true love Bound me onoe again. It is very difficult to tell this story. There are no words to express the sense of glad reunion, the complete realisation of every hope and dream of a life that came upon me as I sat with my hand in hers and looked into her eyes. How could it have been a dream, when I left her sitting in the straight-backed ohair and went down to the kitchen to tell the maids I should want nothing more—that I was busy and did not wish to be disturbed; when I fetched wood for the fire with my own hands, and bringing it in, found her still sitting there —saw the little brown head turn as I entered, saw the love in her dear eyes ; when I threw myself at her feet and blessed the day I was born, sinoe life had given me this ? Not a thought of Mildred; all the other things in my life were a dream—this, its one splendid reality. "lam wondering," she said after a while, when we had made suoh oheer eaoh of the other as true lovers may after long parting—"l am wondering how muoh you remember of our past." " I remember nothing," I said. " Oh, my dear lady, my dear sweetheart. I remember nothing but that I love you—that I have loved you all my life." " You remember nothing—really nothing ?" " Only that lam yours; that we have both suffered ; that Tell me, my mistress dear, all that you remember. Explain it all to me. Make me understand. And yet No, I don't want to understand. It is enough that we are together." If it was a dream why hove I never dreamed it again? She leaned'down towards me, her arm lay on my neck and drew my head till it rested on her shoulder. "I am a ghost, I suppose," she said,laughing softly; and her laughter stirred memories which I just grasped at and just missed. " But you and I know better, don't we ? I will tell you everything you have for gotten. We loved eaoh other—ah! no, yon hove not forgotten that—and when you came baok from the war we were to be married. Our piotures were painted before you went away. You know I was more learned than women of that day. Dear one, when you were gone they said I was a witch. They triecfme. They said I should be burned. Just beoause I had looked at the stars and had gained more knowledge than they, they must needs bind me to a stake and let me be eaten by the fire. And you far away!" Her whole body trembled and shrank. Oh, love, what dream would have told me that my kisses would sooth even that memory ? " The night before," she went on, " the devil did come to me. I was innocent before—you know it, don't you ? And even then my sin was for you—for yon—beoause of the exceeding love I bore yon. The devil came, and I sold my soul to eternal flame. But I got a good price. I got the right to oome baok, through my pioture (if anybody looking at it wished for me), as long as my pioture staid in its ebony frame. That frame was not carved by man's hand. I Sot the right to oome back to you. Oh, my cart's heart, and another thing I won, whioh you shall hear anon. They burned me for a witch; they made me suffer hell on earth. Those faces crowding all round, the crackling wood, and the smell of the smoke" " Oh, love ! no more—no more." " When my mother sat that night before my pioture she wept and cried: ' Come baok, my poor lost ohild I' And I went to her, with glad leaps of heart. Dear, she shrank from me, she fled, she shrieked and moaned of ghosts. She had our piotures covered from sight and put again in the ebony frame. She had promised me my picture should stay always there. Ah, through all these years your face was against mine." She paused. " But the man you loved ?" " You come home. My picture was gone. They lied to you, and you married another woman; but some day I knew you would walk the world again and that I should findyou." " The other gain?" I asked. " The other gain," she answered slowly, " I gave my soul for. It is this. If you also will give up your hopes of heaven I can remain a woman, I oan move in your world—-I can be your wife. Oh, my dear, after all these years, at last—at last." "If I sacrifice my soul," I said slowly, with no thought of the imbecility of such talk in our " so-colled nineteenth century"—" if I sacrifice my soul I win you ? Why, love, it's a contra diction in terms. You are my soul." Her eyes looked straight into mine. Whatever might happen, whatever did happen, whatever may happen, our two souls in that moment mat and became one. " Then yon choose—you deliberately choose —to give up your hopes of heaven for me, as I gave up mine for you ?" " I decline," I said, "to give np my hope of heaven on any terms. Tell me what I must do that you and I may make our own heaven here—as now, my dear love." " I will tell you to- morrow," she said. "Be alone here to-morrow night—l 2 is ghost's time, isn't it ?—and then I will oome out of the pio ture and never go baok to it. I shall live with you, and die, and be buried, and there will be an end of me. But we shall live tlrst, my heart's heart." I laid my head on her knee. A strange drowsiness overcame me. Holding her hand against my oheek, I lost consciousness. When I awoke the gray November dawn was glim mering ghostlike through the uncurtained window. My head was pillowed on my arm, whioh rested—l raised my head quickly—ah I not on my lady's knee but on the needle worked cushion of the straight-booked ohair. I sprang to my feet. I was stiff with oold and dazed with dreams, but I turned my eyes on the pioture. There she sat, my lady, my dear love, I held oat my arms, but the passionate cry I would have uttered died on my lips. She had said 12 o'clock. Her lightest word was my law, so I only stood in front of the pioture and gazed into those gray- green eyes till tears ot passionate happiness filled my own. " Oh, my dear, my dear, how shall I pass the hours till I hold you again?" No thought then of my whole life's comple tion and consummation being a dream. I staggered up to my room, fell across my bed and slept heavily and dreamlessly. When I awake it was high noon. Mildred and her mother were coming to lunch. I remembered, at one shook, Mildred's coming, and her existence. New, indeed, the dream began. With a penetrating sense of the futility of any action apart from her, I gave the neces sary orders for the reception of my guests. When Mildred and her mother came I re ceived them with cordiality; but my genial phrases all seemed to be some one else's. My voice sounded like an echo; my heart was otherwhere. Still, the situation was not intolerable until the hour when afternoon tea was served in the drawing-room. Mildred and her mother kept the conversational pot boiling with a profusion of genteel commonplaces, and I bore it as one oan bear mild purgotoriea when one is in sight of Heaven. I looked up at my sweetheart in the ebony frame, and I felt that anything that might happen, any irresponsible imbecility, any pathos of boredom was nothing if, after it all, she came to me again. And yet, when Mildred, too, looked at the portrait and said, " What a fine lady! One of your flames, Mr. Devigne?" I had a siokening sense of impotent irritation, whioh became absolute torture when Mildred—how could I ever have admired that chocolate-box barmaid style ot prettiness ?—threw herself into the high-backed ohair, covering the needlework with the ridiculous flounces, and added: " Silence gives consent! Who is it, Mr. De vigne? Tell us all about her ; I am sure she has a story." Poor little Mildred, sitting there smiling, serene in her confidence that her every word charmed me—sitting there with her rather pinched waist, her rather tight boots, her rather vulgar voice—sitting in the ohair where my dear lady hod sot when she told me her story! I oould not bear it! "Don't sit there," I said, "it's not com fortable !" But the girl would not be warned. With a lough that set every nerve in my body vibrating with annoyanoe, she said: " Oh, dear! musn't I even sit in the same ohair as your blaok velvet woman ?" I looked at the ohair in the pioture. It was the same, and in her ohair Mildred was sitting. Then a horrible sense of the reality of Mildred came upon me. Was all this a reality after all ? But for fortunate ohanoe might Mildred have occupied not only her ohair, but her place in my life. I rose. "I hope you won't think me very rude," I said, " but I am obliged to go out." I forgot what appointment I alleged. The lie came readily enough. I faced Mildred's pouts with the hope that she and her mother would not wait dinner for me. I fled. In another minute I was safe, alone, under the chill, oloudy autumn sky free to think, think, think of my dear lady. I walked for hours along streets and squares; I lived over again and again every look, word, and hand- touch—every kiss; I wag completely, unspeakably happy. Mildred was utterly forgotten; my lady of the ebony frame filled my heart and soul and spirits. ... , As I heard 11 boom through the fog I turned and went home. When I got to my street I found a crowd surging through it, a strong red light filling the air. A house was on fire! Mine t I elbowed my way through the crowd. The picture of my lady—that, at least, I Could save! As I sprang up the steps I saw, as in a dream —yes, all this was really dream-like —I saw Mildred leaning out of the first-floor window, wringing her hands. "Come back, sir," cried a fireman, "we'll get the young lady out right enough," But my lady! I went on up the stairs crocking, smoking, and as hot as hell—to the room where her picture was. Strange to say, I only felt that the picture was a thing we should like to look on through the long, glad wedded life that was to be ours. I never thought of it as being one with her. As I reached the first floor I felt arms round my neck. The smoke was too thick for me to distinguish features. " Save me!" a voice whispered. I clasped a figure in my arms, and, with a strange dis-ease, bore it down the shaking stairs and out into safety. It was Mildred. I knew that directly I clasped her. " Stand baok," cried the crowd. ** Every one's safe," cried the fireman. The flames leaped from every window. The iky grew redder and redder. I sprang from the hands that would have held me. I leaped up the steps. I crawled up the stairs. Sud denly the whole horror of the situation came on me. "As long as my picture remains in the ebony frame." What if pioture and frame' should perish together ? I fought with the fire, and with my own choking inability to fight with it I pushed on. I must save my picture. I reached the draw ing-room.. As I sprang in I saw my lady—l swear it through the smoke and the flames, hold ont her arms to me—to me—who came too late to save her and to save my own life's joy. I never saw her again. Before I could reach her or cry out to her I felt the floor yiold beneath my feet, and fell into the fiery hell below. How did they save me? What does that matter? They saved me somehow—curse them. Every stick of my aunt's furniture was destroyed. My friends pointed out that, as the furniture was heavily insured, the carelessness of a nightly studious housemaid had done me no harm. No harm t fhat was how I won and lost my only love, deny, with all my soul in the denial, that it was a dream. There are no suoh dreams. Dreams of longing and pain there are in plenty, but dreams of oomplete, of unspeakable happi ness—ah, no—it is the rest of life that is the dream. But if I think that, why have I married Mildred, and grown stout and dull and pros perous ? I tell yon it is all this that is the dream; my dear lady only is the reality. And what does it matter what one does in a dream ?—E. Nesbit, in Longman's Magazine. 