LEONARD LINDSAY; OB, THE STORY OF A BUCCANEER. BT ANGUS B. BEACH. CaiTTEE XXIV.—(CoXT^TTED.) At 19 o'clock exactly I took my way •ver the sandy beacli to Peralta's hat, which stood a little apart from the other buildings, towards the landward extremity of the raachiera. As I plodded along, sometimes tripping over mounds of oysters ; sometimes stopping to look to seaward, -where all the lights of the pearl squadron glimmered as the fleet sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could distinguish the yells of an Indian, and the gruff voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two I saw faintly a dusky efroup of people, whites and Indians, some o£ them carrying lanterns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. The men bearing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and: then the Indians, who were left outaide, raised the most pitiable cries andfhowls, until they were threatened by the sentsfes,' and told they would be fired upon if they did' not dispose. As I'was somewhat late, I did , not Stop to inquire into the cause of tbe tumult, but . I judged that it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime; perhaps, as was veiyoommon, stolen or secreted a valuable pearl. < However, 1 did not think much of the matter, and soon arrived at Peralta's hut. It was a large house as compared with most of "its neighbours, fenced all around with wills "formed of double lines of strong tough stakes, the .space between them being -filled -up with stones gathered apparentJy from the sea beach. On knocking, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into « small room, with walls roughly built of wood and stone, through which tbe starlight was shining at many cracks and crevices, and mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. The place contained but the most, ordinary sort of furniture—a hammock hung in a corner, an ®ilod bag for holding clothes, a table, and 'two or three email chairs, or ratter large -stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, and showed a' capital repast of fish, flesh, and fowl: while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all cob-webbed and begrimed, as though they had Inog lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a curious contrast to the cracked crockery and wooden platters, and hacked and broken knives and forks which lay beside htm a You sec," quoth Peralta, " that, though I stay have dealings withkings,.! don'fcbyany means live in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial -sanities, my friend. 3Kamondfl and pgarls, laces and gildings, taocades and velvets are of the former class; %nt good meats to eat, and good wines to AinV, are of the latter. Now you see I am gn admirer of the substantial vanities. I lave to Jeed npon the daintiest morsel, though ft be picked up with & broken one-pronged fink, and I love to drink the choicest vintage •oi Bhine or Rhone, without at all caring whether I put my lips to a golden cup which' Benvenuto hath wrought, or to a calabash which Qnako hath scooped before • saying, the pearl merchant started the cork from one of the flasks, and I tasted certainly the most delicious draught which over tingled on my palate. " Hat" quoth my entertainer, as I held Mit the empty oup to be refilled, "you «ad that better than even the most skilful •ompound of xye brandy and bilge water. Vent Hat ahn—jou have a palate which I grieve to say many gentlemen of your kind cteong drinks of Jamaica, and Xortugas taverns, even, to. such adorable nectar as JKs- Why, man, hold out thy glass again, m grand Lonis himself eannot fish np a Aoicer flask from the most sacred crypt beneath themarble pavements 'of Versailles." Talking in this way—relating to me •trange'anecdotes touching great generals fad statesmen, and even kings, with whom my host, to believe his WW.da, had hell fawili'«T converse, and to moral of all these storias being, that the gwmrnli and statesmen and kings in question were as stupid, and as easily to be smled and fcughed at as mere ordinary mortals—the Upper and one of the wine ™«l« were soon despatched. Then, placing the fragments in •loonier, Peralta produced a sort of purse or lag of filagree workmanship, in bright diver, ted which seemed to be the only of jrice In his dwelling—always excepting the meats and wines—and taking from it some tobaoeo of most delicate savour, we began to •moke and discuss the second bottle, which Was of a different kind from the first, the ^Wine bung of a deep rich red tinge, and Mining, as he toid me, from Dijon in Burwe sat thus, my entertainer took almost all the conversation to himself. He spoke of things new and strange to w : of the crown jewels of mighty potentates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the filthy back lanes of tho cities of Uurope—in the Jewry of London, the Judenafrasse of Frankfort, and the Ghetto of Some. "And your brave Christian goes past, •topping his nose for the savours of fish fried 'in oil, and elbowing and jostling thehookaosed, shabby old. men who make way, ^with many & 'Give you good e'en, my ind;' and 'Faugh I' says he, 'these stinking unbelievers; why be they not packed kodily off to their holy city again *—and so wssos he by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss "ihekinsr'fl hand; while all the time—ha! ha ! ha t—•that very king is thinking and ponder- *ing in his small mind how best he can ^squeeze the next subsidy out of his faithful «£nes and towns, and so release the brightest aBwelin the regalia, now held in pawn by old Isaac, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the *ery dirtiest, raggedest, yellowest-skinned andhookedest-nosed of the whole brotherhood—ha! ha ! ha !" The pearl merchant said this with so much gusto, and laughed with so much glee, that I began to think he must be one of the fraternity himself. He seemed to divine my thoughts, idr, as if I had spoken them, he, aa' it were, replied— "No, no, no ! Sesor Buccaneer, although I have much traffic with the seed of Abraham Sam none of their kindred ; were I such, I •would be wiser than to come here to live in a sty on this scorching coast, driving hard bargains tor sick oysters." Sly entertainer then went on with his -atones of European courts, and I was listening with open mouth, as he told, with many quip and many a sneer, how, under the Abidance of cne Chiffinch, he had one night passed up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold a secret interview with Louise de Querailles, since Duchess of Portsmouth, touching corftain jewels which it was convenient to raise money upon until there should come a remittance from the court of Versailles, through IConsigneur Barillon, the ambassador of Louis; when all at once there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the -door. Peralta started quickly up, but with- «bt appearing at all discomposed, and opening the door with speed, a handsome fellow, a mulatto, dressed like a sailor, bounded in, oxclaiming at the same moment, in a loud whisper: " Juan and Blanco are both detected < Then, seeing me, he stopped as suddenly though he had been shot; but Peralta speedily reassured him. " Go on, man; go on. He who standeth there is my friend; he is one of us; Have they confessed ? " " All," replied the mulatto. " They first told the truth, and then a great deal more than the truth, in hopes the better to save their necks. I squeezed, in with them into the fort, and heard it all. The soldiers are •Oming. I heard tho order given." Peralta 6tood still for a moment, and then \- «aSd hurriedly, " Doth it blow•?" The mulatto replied, that there was a light wB: only, from the eastward. • -""With the tide two honrs on the ebb.- Tfiat will do well. Disco is on board the rifbsgaaP' i,.' The mulatto nodded eagerly. Peralta f$4(n>edi»me—" I suppose," ^jnoth he, " you to maka^atart .of it &is; "Xcus, noue. I replied," wondering with my whole si;ul at the meaning of this strange scene. " Follow me, then, and do as I do," replied Peralta. He swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when he saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly but eautiousiy amongst the scattered huts. I new that it was no time for questions, so put- none, though I was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two we heard the measured tramp of soldiers advancing, and presently the clash of their arms and the gleam of their amps burst forth together as they marched round' the comer of a small strec-t, followed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place olose by where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into •this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himself fiaMipan the ground, while the mulatto and I followed his example. In a minute tho soldiers inarched by, with their attendant ront of Indians grabbling and chattering very eagerly. . , f -Sow," quoth Peralta. " for the beach, and mala; as little noise as you can in runllHlg.'' ^VYitli these words, oft he set, going over thB ground much faster than, to-look him, I 6hould have thought possible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind him, meeting nobodj r , although we heard a distant tumult of voices in the rancheria, and the tramp of people running hither and thither. There were half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheering backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if he had been a waterman at "Whitehall Stairs, we following closely upon his heels; but just as we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Peralta cried out to us to held, and then stepping back upon the jetty, very cooly cast loose the painters of tbe whole of the remainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, as a coachman dots his reins, he shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting off our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to "himself, we pushed oft' and rowed into the stream, the squadron of boats following in our wake. "Pull away, my good fellows," Peralta then said, taking an oar out .of one of the skiffs behind us, " I will steer you." Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see, by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamour and shouting that all the boats were gone. Sonor Peralta only laughed to himself. " Well," he muttered in a moment or two, "it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs must when* the devil or an angry Spaniard drives." All this time we were shooting swiftly down the river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as the swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, talang advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the shore, hailed, "Disco ! Disco, ahoy! " A long shrill whistle was the reply, and, looking round, we saw the low dusky form of the piragua, with her twe high "raking masts, and, pausing on our oars, we heard the rush <Jf the tide against her sharp bows. Disco is all awake," said Peralta, and in a moment more we were alongside and tumbling into the piragua, which, notwithstanding her very considerable raze, was so light as to rock violently as, one by one, we leaped overher gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamour on shore, and he askedeageriy what the matter was. "The matter," said Peralta, "is that we must get to aea as soon as we can. Thank God the breeze comes fresher—that puff quite ruffled the water. Jenipa," this was to the mulatto, "jump forward and cut the cable— no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on the larboard bows to cant hsr head round. Lindsay, bear a band my man, and get the canvas upon her, or some of our mends ashore will he swimming down npon ns with their knives in their teeth." The coolness of Peralta was capital to see. Just as Jenipa'a knife went with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco's oar dashed into the water, and the stream catching the larboard bom of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards the shore we had just left, while Peralta, who worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the foresail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us dapping on to the haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping with the night dew, rose steadily to the top of the mast, and then catching the faint puff of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in the nighttime, the sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his hand, leaped aft, catching hold of the tiller, and calling to us all to get the mainsail npon the piragua. We were, as the reader may guess, in no humour for trifling, and accordingly the big lugsail was -very soon hoisted by rapid jerks, np the mast, and when after having made fast the haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. The breeze was hardly sufficient to keep the wide sails sleeping. I heard no loud rushing gurgle, such as a vessel makes travelling fast through the water; yet the lights npon shore were flying by us as though we were borne on horseback towards the sea—the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river from the bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble—while tho skiffs which Peralta had cut loose were almost out of sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Perilta laughed pleasantly. "Tour Will-o'-the-Wi6p may bis fast, Senor Buccaneer," he said, " but no sraft that ever came off the stocks of European ship-builders will sail with the boats which the Indians—savages we call them—can Ecoop with rude tools out of a single glorious tree. Do we not move like an apparition—a sea spirit? Let the Spaniards chase ns in their clumsy wooden boxes, the pirague will earn her right to her name, though all the navy of Old and New Spain were flashing in her wake. I call her the Ghost; does not she glide like one fleeting to the sepulchre at the first glimpse of the light of the morning?" I looked at Peralta, beginning to suspect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapour a little ; but, if it were so, he very soon came to himself. "Hark!" said Disco, "the surf on the bar." " And see," added Jenipa, " the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to tho offing." "Forward, and look out. both of you," cried Peralta, sharply. " Keep your eves open on either bow." Meantime I crouched down by the steersman on tbe weather-quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much further to sea than the Bquadron she guarded. Indeed, the great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand, which run out from the bur, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. Tho leading whips, however, appeared to be as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. "Now," said Peralta. "grant that tbe stupidi'y of those fellows on "store will keep them from making any signal to thoir comrades out at sea." But the words were harolv out of his mouth, when tbe water and the sky were lit up with a mightly flash, and the loud report of a great gim—a small battery of which was planted before thefort—came rolling down the river; and immediately afterwards a straggling volley of small arms rattled ail along the bank, as though the soldiers were dispersed and running down towards the sea.' By this time, the white water on the liar was close ahead. " Starboard —starboard. Keep her a little away, master, the ohannelison tholee-bow," cried DiBco. Hie eonrse of the piragua y&f; eltaer^d accordingly, and glaaaa^ ahead, I saw the streak of dark water, lending to the open sea; at the same time that the fleet of pearl fishers answered the alarm from ashore by kindlim torches, waving lanterns, and shouting and blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them and carried off ODC of the very best in hie clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of tho night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and the few ropes which stayed them upon the weather-side stretched out as rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the offing —not plunging into the great green seas, and flashing tho foam sparkingly up into the air, but moving rather" like a bird, which, with spreading and far-stretched pinions, just glances over the sea, rather flying" than swimming—borne more by the winds than tha waves. Truly, I had never sailed in so wonderfully-fashioned a craft—so thin and slight was her construction, that she appoarcu, as it were, to yield, and bend, and quiver in the seas —but ever ou, gaily and lightsomely she went, sliding, as it were, without noise and without shock, leaping with a, qnick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over ths swells, 'which now, as the water shoaled upon the bar, began to roil by us. white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well, when he likened his piragua to a noiseless glidin, ghost. While I was still wrapped in amazement at tho performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of "pearl fishers. The whole thing passed over me like a vision—a dream of Hashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and their booms, and yards, and ropes, creaking and moaniug, and rattling together—of Scrce, eager faces, and hurrying, dusky forms, running on the decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torohes and lan terns; shouting, yelling, and hailing the piragua and Peralta to lie to, and put about— and some of th&n; flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols in the air. All this, I say, appeared to pass by me like a vision or a dream—and it only lasted for a few brief moments—for the piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew throuzh the panic-struck squadron, who could no more catch her, than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and once only, a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout liue, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua's foro rigging, but even before the rope had tightened, Disco leaped to the spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell back into the sea, and the useless iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment we were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, behind us. Just then the frigate, who was a couple of miles or so in the offing, fired a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. >" Ho! ho ! ho '." laughed Peralta. " Here mes the elephant chasing the weasel, and the elephant thinks that the best way to begin the race is to roar a littlo." And, indeed, any attempt of the big ship to follow us would have been just about as hopeless a chase as that to which Peralta had likened it. So, after firing a few more guns, whether with shot in them or not we neither knew nor cared, she stood cautiously in for the bar of the river, sending her boats before her, as we conjectured, to leaxn the cause of all the uproar. Meantime we had strnck a light, keeping the lantern, however, well masked, and then setting the head of the boat about nor- nor-w^st, that being as near the wind as we could lie, and at the same time make good way through the water, we trimmed the sails neatly, and cried, " Northward Ho! for Jamaica." For about aa hour, during which time little was spoken, Peralta held the helm. He then called us all round him, and apportioned the watches in the ordinary seaman fashion—I beingplaced with Disco, andhe taking his turn of duty with Jenipa. This settled, we tossed Hp whose watch should begin first, and it falling to the turn of Disco and myself, Peralta gave me the helm, instructing me, as I was not well acquainted with the management of piragnas, to call him if the wind freshened so much as to seem to demand the taking in of a reef. Then creeping beneath tho half-deck which extended from the bows to abaft the foremast, he coiled himself np along with Jenipa, and the pair went very quietly to sleep. During our watch, which was tranquil, I tried to obtain some information from the Indian touching the habits and pursuits of his master, and also relating to the causes of our very sudden departure. But the fellow, although he would talk glibly enough upon the weather, or the piragua, or the manner of our escape, was as close as wax as regarded everything else. Indeed, he reminded me very truly that I ought to know more about the'reason of our departure than he, having come from the shore, while he had been sleeping on board the piragua. At that I told himwbatlhadheard from Jenipa, about Juan and Blanco having been detected, and taken to the fort, where they had confessed not only the truth, but, as I had heard, more than tho truth. The Mosqnitto man merely shrnggedhis shoulders, and said he could make nothing of it, although I saw very well, by tho intelligent look of the fellow's face, as the binnacle lamp shone upon his bronzed features, that he understood much more of the matter than he chose to confess. Finding I could make nothing of the Indian, I set myself to consider the whole affair, and putting Peralta -s hints abou£ the way to get pearls cheap, in connection with what I had actually witnessed and heard, I was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that, in all probability, for every pearl which the merchant bought of the captain of the fishery, he obtained another, and at a very considerably cheaper rate, by dealing quietly with the openers themselves, to which class I concluded that Juan and Blanco must belong. This solution of the riddle seemed the more probable, when I remembered much that I had heard touching the great number of pearls supposed to be secreted by the Indians, in spite of the utmost vigilance of the Spaniards. Jamaica doops had, I knew, ere now gone to hover near the Bio de la Hacha, having their agents and correspondents, in various disguises, lurking upon the coast, and of course keeping up communication with the Indian divers and openers; but the adroitness and courage shown by Peralta in living as a Spaniard openly amongst Spaniards, and supporting the character of a regular pearl merchant, communicating with the captain of the fishery, while in reality he was driving tho best part of his tride by underhand dealing with the Indians, conducted, no doubt, at great and constant risk of detection and death ; all this inspired me with no small respect for the abilities and the nerve of the owner of tho piragua. Then I thought with what cool generalship he had conducted tho retreat, not losing a moment by dc-lay, yet taking his measures with as great composure and deliberation 33 if he were departing upon a pleasure cruise. Afterwards, I began to wonder that I had not observed him, when leaving the hut, take with him the amount of pearls, which I felt sure that he must have amassed; but a few minutes' reflection convinced me, from the perfect unconcern with which he had walked out of the hut, not "caring to pick up any one article of those strewn about, that all the valuables which he possessed on shore, he carried constantly concealed about his person. Indeed, in tho matter of such costly toys as pesris, or prccious stones, a man's own. garments formed by far the safest depository to be found in the ranchiera. While brooding over thesa things, the night passed siU-nily away. With the grev dawn, Peralta relieved me, and we crept in our turn undc-r the half-deck, and slept until the sun rose high into the unclouded heaven, and the piragua was staggering along under i<oefed canvas, bending over to the whistling trada-wind, ani leaping from sea to sea like £ huuted «t!«g. Daring the day, little of 0 ;erred. Peralta avoided taking gte fu-.tV.ei; iata bia' confidence, and I had tact enough to see that I ought to refrain from seeming to intrude upon his myBtery. As I watched liiia, however, I often saw him bite his thin lips, and wrinkle his forehead, and clench his hand, as if distressing thoughts haunted him; and at last he broke out, addressing nobody in particular, but speaking moodily to himself— "Those pool-fellows •" he cried, "those poor fellows, Juan and BLxnco—I would give every pearl the venture hath brought that they were safe and sound in this piragua. The Spaniards will hang them ; nay, indeed, it may have been already done, "and their bodies are swinging in this same sea- breezer" Here Jenipa interposed veiy respectfully, and said that no effort we could have possibly made would have sufficed to rescue the Indians, and that we had nothing to reproach ourselves with on that score. " No, no," said Peralta. " We could not have got them out of trouble ; but we have been the cause that they fell into it." He pondered for a minute. Then putting his hand into his bosom, he drew it forth, the hollow of the palm filled with small pearls, all glistening in the sun, like beads of frozen milk. Then he poured the precious morsels from one hand to the other, the pearls pattering and rattling like chips of shivered glass and-,pebbles, and began again to speak, like a man 1 who talks in his sleep. " Ay," he cried, " and you will sparkle in the coronets of nobles, or mayhap you will rise and fall on the white bosom of some peerless beauty across the western sea. Little will she think how her braveries have been won. Little will she think that the gems of her adornment are but as coagulated drops of human blood. Bed, red, you ought to be, and not of that lying virgin whiteness—red, red, you ought to be, as the guilt of him who hath purveyed you, and the blood of the hapless men who, ere now, are doubtless but a3 iuinps of brown carrion—only good to feed the vultures and the crows :" At this, I observed Jenipa and Disco ex change curious glances with each other; but Peralta, after musing for a short space further, put the pearls back into their hidingplace, and resumed, to a certain degree, his usual manner. " I doubt not, he said to me," presently, but that your acuteness hath taught you much of what last night you burned to know. The two poor savages of whom spoke were indeed my agents among their brethren, and thanks to their ingenuity and courage, many a rare pearl hath come to my wallet, instead of their Spanish task-masters. But all is over now. While I remained on shore I risked the danger borne by my confederates. Had it been within the power of man to have saved them, I would have perilled limbs and life to bring them off, but it foil out otherwise. What is writ, is writ. Adieu, poor Juan and Blanco, and may you find the next world a better one than this.' Having pronounced this curious sort of funeral oration, Peralta straightway resumed his former demeanour, and I never heard him allud to the subject again. Meantime, we bounded merrily across the ocean, masts bending, canvas swelling, and 6licet and haulyaid cracking and straining: the bine heaven, with not a cloud to fleck it, all blaze of azure light and glory above, and the crystal sea foaming, and tumbling, and gambolling beneath the swift piragua, as, with dripping prow and polished sides, she tore a way upon her headlong course. My spirits, long drooping under captivity, now came flushing back, sending the young hot blood tingling through my veins. I leaped and danced about the piragua for veiy cheery-heartedness—Peralta smiling slyly at my antics—and sometimes lifting up my voice, I sang an echoing chorus to the music of wind and. wave ! "A day or two,' I thosght, "and I shall see, sleeping in the smooth water landward of the Palisades, my gallant schooner, which I love, and hear ringing from beneath her snow-white awning the cheery voice of my old comrades, of Stout Jem, the truehearted, and Nicky Hamstring, the merryminded!" Alas! not.so fast, Leonard Lindsay—not so fast 1 There axe perils and sufferings for ou, by sea and land^ ere you step upon Ingliah ground again < CHAPTER XXV. ths pieaoua is plcsed n> v.r a sseat PBIYATKET),,AKX> I PD.D MTSELF AJIOXG XEW smpHaTES. We were within a day's sail of Jamaica. At the setting of the sun we had seen, even from our low vessel, the distant outline of the Blue Mountains. Peralta had the middle watch. I roused up about an hour and a half before sunrise, and found the piragua heaving upon smooth, oily swells, all unruffled even bjr a puff of wind. There was a great dank mist around us, packing upon the water as thick as smoke from a man-ofwar's broadside, and the very air seemed loaded with chill damp. I walked up and down the small foro deck of the piragua, trying, in my thin garments, to keep myself warm, and whistling for a breeze to blow away to leeward the filthy fog, which seemed, as it were, to enclose ns round, and to cling and settle in its densest volume about the piragua. Standing at the bows, I cocid not see the stern, and as for the heads of the sails they were lost in the thick opaque air. It was curious to gaze out upon the water as the black-looking undulations of the sea rolled under us, the mist seeming to rise andfaH with them, and sometimes boiling and eddying from the motion of the waves, although not a breath of wind strayed over the ocean. I might have been upon duty about half an hour, when I almost leaped from the deck with amazement to hear suddenly, coming from whence 1 knew not, but ringing shrilly through the thick air, a loud cry or scream, like that uttered by a man in mortal anguish. Disco," I shouted, "did you hear that? What was that cry! " But the Indian, instead of answering me, stood dumb and trembling, as though struck with terror. Instantly the cry was repeated, and even louder and more vehemently than before. It is a spirit," sail the Indian. " It is some bad spirit of the fug. It will come to us and kill us." But I heeded not the superstition of the ignorant creature, and made hut one bound to where Peralta lay sound asleep, clutching and sbaliing him to arouse him, and telling him in the tame breath that there was either a ship or a boat close aboard of us in the fog. Tho pearl merchant and Jenipa were upon their legs in a moment, and for the space of about ten minutes we listened with all our ears, but heard no 6onnd, other than the _ ping of our sails and the creaking of the yards as they rubbed and swayed against the masts. It was odd that, although both Disco and myself heard the cry so distinctly repeated, we neither of us could tell the direction from which it appeared to come. Perhaps the fog affected sounds passing through it. At all events, although we got out the oars, we knew not in which way to row, so as to put as much sea as possible between a ship which might very likely be an enemy, and which would certainly be more than a match for the light piragua, and her crew of four. Ail this while the dawn was gradually brightening through tho mist; the fog, which before was of a pitchy darkness, becoming gradually of a pale grey hue, and then lifting and opening here and there, so as to show limes, as it wore, and patches ef clear air, which, in tho next moment, would be again filled up by rolling masses of vapour. However, the mist was evidently thinning as the sun approached to the horizon, and we watched warily to catch the fir.st glimpse of our unknown neighbour Presently, the fog began to change its cold v.-hite hue for a tinge or blush of warm aud golden HgiA, which appeared, as it were, to penetrate and pervade the Vapour, and by which we kaow that the sun liad risen ; while, at the same time, our glimpses into 4ho ever-shafting lanes and clear spaces continually behig formed by tho motion of the eeething wre&chs; and masses ot vapour, bocomisg evory moment longer and clearer—Pesslta, who was'standing upon tho starboard gunwale of the piragua, suddenly exclaimed, in a low, earnest tone, There ! look thsre V' all turned round at ono«, aud saw, not thirty fathoms from us, the «hcsky broadside '.end towering rigging of a ship. She was ,-gracefully rocking npco. tbe ions ssas 4 tha mist all curling round her, and Hom ing, as it appeared, in blurring patches and nibses among her extended sails, so that the xn»sts and all the fabric of spars and canvas which they bore were half lost in the bewildering vapour. We had no time, however, to make any very minute examination of the stranger. She saw us as soon as we saw her, and half a dozen men, clustering into the main rigging, shouted out, in French and English, that we should pull the piragua alongside. I looked at Peralta. He sligbtlv shrugged his shoulders. " If there were but a bladder full of wind," he said. " Ho ! the piragua ahoy ."' was now.i gam hailed from the strango ship— " co:ne alongside, d'ye hear, or it will be worse for you." This threat had hardly been uttered, when, as if to back it, a camion was fired from tho maindeck, and we heard the ball, with a loud, whistling hiss, pass above our masts. But the discharge of that gun had.an effect which seemed almost miraculous upon the fog, clearing away, and, as it were, condensing and annihilating, by the shock of the explosion the vapour all around—so that we saw, very plainly, a goodly ship of three masts, carrying at least twelve cannons upon a side, with top-sails and top-gallant- sails spread, but the yards braced clumsily, the canvas ill set, and much of the rigging in a loose and disorderly condition—the jib indeed hanging in great festoons down from the bowsprit—so that when the ship plunged by the head, the canvas dipped into the sea, from which it would presently arise, the water pouring from the belly of the sail as from a tub. On board this disorderly-looking craft there seemed to be a great swarm of men, who suddenly clustered npon the bulwarks and in the rigging to gaze at us, and one of whom, a varlet with long unkempt hair and torn and dirty linen doublet, suddenly screamed out— " Why, comrades, never believe your eyes -—if it be not Old Kumbold, of Port Royal in Jamaica, and Heaven knows how many places besides. What cheer, Old Rumbold ? Hast been a privateering in a bark canoe—or chaffering with and cheating the honest Indians of the Main ?" Peralta seemed in no way put out by this recognition, for he immediately took off his hat very gallantly and called out that he was heartily glad to meet with so many friends and gallant gentlemen adventurers on the high seas. Upon which the men on board the ship cheered lustily, and touted to Peralta or Kumbold that he was an honest fellow, and that he must come aboard, with all his people, and that we should have a jovial cruise together. I watched the pearlmerchant, and saw that he was in reality much concerned at this unexpected stoppage of our voyage. Had it not been for that cursed fog," he whispered, "this would not have happened. But these fellows are savages if their temper be crossed. We must e'en row with the tide and humour them." VTO BE COSTISUED. 