AMUSING. Lounger—Do cook-books form an im portant item in your sales ? Bookseller— "Yes; we sell them by the thousand. "The women appreciate them, eh?" " Oh, the women don't buy them ; their husbands do." She—" So you are lied fast, for good and ail, to the beautiful heiress, Miss' MacShincrs, with the golden locks." He—" Yes; but it was the government bonds, and not the golden locks, - that I was after." The squire—" Good morning, Miss Violet. Bent on an errand of mercy?'" Miss Violet (the rector's" daughter)—" Oh no 11 ani just taking a few little pies of my own making round to the cottagers." " Yes, marriage is a lottery, and I'm drawing a prize," and the young man laughed- 'ashe pulled the baby carriage up the stairs. . In a breach of promise case , in New. York the plaintiff was offered 200doL to compromise. " 200dol," she exclaimd. "200doL for a brokeniheart,ruined hopes, and blasted life ; ,200dol. for all this ' No, make it 300doL, and its a tar gun." " You advertise that- there. is a fine stream of water on the place; but I don't see it," remarked a stranger who .wanted to rent the place. The landlord said: " Just work that pump-handle a little, and you will see a fine stream of water. You don't expect a Niagara Falls 'on the | place for 15 dols. a month, do you ?" Young Lady: " And now, Jane, | what's the next thing to do,after putting the meat and potatoes in the stew-pan ?" Village Girl: " Please, miss, wash the baby I" . Customer—" How much is that medi cine worth New Clerk : " I'd' get fired right out if I told you that, sir." Artist: " "Weil, what do you think ?" Critic : " H'm ! Did you ever try ivriliny | for a living ?" A father of three sons and, five daughters was recently asked what family he had. Hisanswer was .- " I have three sons, and they each have five sisters.'' " Mercy," exclaimed the interrogator, j " what a family.". " And what do you think of "Wagner ? | asked a musical enthusiast, addressing Philistine. " I think as a classifier I and adapter of noises he was the greatest imm tliat ever lived." ■" But his music?" asked the enthusiast." "I never heard any of his music," said the other, " Did he essay music ?" " I like your; cheek," .exclaimed the | girl when the young man kissed lxer. " So do I like yours, but I greatly prefer your lips," was the audacious youth's reply Arabella—" So 3D- Scairt has proposed at last! Then it ■ is all settled!" Bertha—-" Well, no, not exactly: I man aged to get hiiu to pop the question, but, j somehow, he hasn't the courage to ques tion the pop." "White settler—" Well, how is the new missionary getting along with his work?' Native—"He's almost done.'"" "White settler—" What' Has he converted the tribe so soon?" -Natives—"You mis understand me. . I said he was almost done. Thcv are just preparing the J gravy." " ■•! - The honey-moon's last quarter: Young wife (saying an affectionate good-by to her husband)—"Now, darling, you can't I enjoy a moment while you are gone, can' | you, dearest? " George (off for a few days' yachting)-— ""Well, m'dear, I can't tell a lie." Young wife—"Oh, darling, please do I" NEss Sharps—"Oh, how do you do, Miss Sissy ? You are not looking very | well." Mr Sissy—" No, Miss Sharpc : I've a cold or something in my head." Miss Sharpc (calmly)—" I think it must he a cold." He had obtained a place in a laud agent's offiee.aud was doing everything he ccmTS ;or the interests of his employer. Tiie other evening he was at a social gathering, and was asked to sing. ; He r-T-j i ' Y.f with -' Home, Sweet ' Home." B is Xrictids •■•"ere a little surprised at the seieotam, bur he was heartily applauded. Stepping iorward, he said : " 1 urn glad yog lifed the. song. There is : nothing life ' Home, Sweet Home,' and let me say thai^he firm I represent is selling homes oiy terras to suit within twelve minutes'vide of the town. Everybody ought to have a home. If you don't vvaut to li ve at Kardinia, it's the chance of your life for an investment." It; is the small boy who usually tells things ami ike dinner table is his favorite theatre. Not Jong ago a bright little fellow-^odt on Peach-tree street peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed: " "What a little chicken for so many people." The com pany smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavored to quieten him. But he was likeBanquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, hrs face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted: Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was sick so long in the yard, ain't it?" A young clergyman of this city makes it a practice to visit the prisoners in jail and give them good advice. ■ Just as he was tiddng his departure a few days ago, one of the inmates - called the philan thropist back and said : " Are you com ing to see tis again ?. " " Yes, in a few days." " Would you mind to bring me u morning paper ?" . " Not at all. You shall have the paper. The clergyman wus about leaving when the man in bonds motioned mysteriously to him to ap proach. The good man did so, and the other in a hoarse whisper added: " "When you bring me that paper, don't forget to wrap it round a bottle" of good old rye whisky. A teacher in a suburban school, not long ago, gave her pupils twelve minutes in which to write an "abstract." A shoe was the subject selected by her, and the hoys were to write in the first person. No limit as to the number of lines or words was given tbeui. Most of the hoys wrote—and erased, during the whole time allotted, hut the teacher noticed one fellow who sat idle until the time was •within two minutes of expiring. As :tlie scholars filed out, she said to hiin: " Brown, did you finish your abstract ? " Yes, ma'am," he answered. . Curious to see what he could have written in so short a time, she looked over the papers; and. found this: ". I am a worn-out shoe, my coffin is the ash-barrel; my grave, Die dump." She . says that almost as firmly impressed on her memory as this remarkable composition is the expression of amazement on the hoy's face the next morning, when ho saw the " 100 " mark on his paper. A young mail from out in the Pan handle came down to Austin receutlv to marry Miss M'Neester, daughter ~ of General M'Neester, who suddenly struck it rieli while herding his cattle on the public lands. The M'Neesters were not going to do things by halves, so they had a swell supper, and invited the reporters. Next morning one of the daily papers, among equally florid sentences and para graphs, contained the following:—" The jellies were of pure amber and agate masses of quivering, delicious, translucent sweets catching the scintillating rays of chromatic showers as they were Hun" from the transfiguring prisms of. tlio dazzling chiuidelier, and made the per fumed air rosy and violet as they seemed to hold them a moment iu their tremulous embrace before darting tbein fortb oh the assembled beauty and chivalry." General M'Ncester, with the bridegroom, niettlie reporter next morning and said, " Young man cfidyou write this here notice ofthe wedding ?" " I—ah!—let me see," said the reporter; in doubt "as to the object'of tile -inquiry. He was ail old Texan re porter, and lie.knew he had belter leave a loophole for emergencies. "Ok, you ncedn'ter deny it," said the General, while the groom blushed. "It's the'finest thing ever written up, and I'm going to have the tailor make yon a fine suit of clothes.".- -."An' I'm. going to send-you an'; a par of spurs an' aisix-skooter—a: reg'ler ;• gentleman's = outfit," said: the delighted groom. 