Dahour Oranhs. . To mi? Epjiob.'— Sir, — Wo are' fold by theso confiscation cranks' (for that is what tlioy are) that as soon as private ownership in. land has been swept away, and the 'State has become the . landlord, all ' poverty and misery will vanish , ' and Australia will be a paradise.for all those who have to labour for a living. How work ing men can be led away by such arrant non- sense is truly astonishing. Now for a few facts showing tho othbri.sido of this important ques tion. Mr.. . Henry . George, tho - single tax apostle, says n '."Wo- havo traced tlio want: and suffering that uvdrywhere prevail among - too working, olassos, tho reourring paroxysins of , industrial' depression, tho scarcity of .- employ- ment, too stagnation of capital, tho tendency of wages to tho starvation point — that oxhibit . thomsplvos more and more strongly as 'material progress goes on— fo . tho fast that too laha,' on whioh and 'from whioh all must live, is 'made the oxolasive pro perty of o_6mo.'.'.; Wo have scon 'that private property in land has no .warrant in justico." It is to ho noted Hint tho only groat examples.of community, in land, mentioned by Mr, George and M. de Laveleye as existing in modern times are the Russian Mir, the Indian village communities, and tho Javanese species of village tenure. Is it desirable that civilisation should come down to too low level exhibited in the -peasants of Russia, India, and Java? Are these communities in misery to bo too fruits of too now gospel. If tho idoa, says Mr. E. W. Burton, is to level down instead of up, surely too author of "Progress and Poverty" has happily chosen his examples. But tho titio of his hook should be " Poverty without Pro- gross." In England, tho homo of largo estates, whore land is suppo30d to be bold by tlio few at tho expenso of tbo workers, with 78 por cent of ' stoaTn'nower, tho real and monoy wago is ' twioe what ' it is in Bussia, with only 10 por cont' of steam and 90 per oontof hand powor. As. for tho unoamcd raoremcnt, of whioh so -much has been written by Henry George and ''his disciples, a little statistical inquiry will relegate this subject to tho region of ghosts. Mr. Gifiin gives an interesting tnblo supporting this contention at p. Ill of his " Growth of Gupitnl." In 1000 land values constituted 60 por cent of England's wealth, in 1812 44 per cent of that of tho United Kingdom, und iii 1885i only 17 por oent. Tho decay of tho old families of England is a melanoholy proof of tho samo tonaoney. Mr. Gronlund and tho whole school of socialist writers are more afraid of corners in capital other than lnnd. In Now Zoaland from 1836 to 1.889, after allowing for an alloged orror of 3 millions, landed property rocedod 21- millions in vnluo. And iu somo ports of Now Zealand to-day properties arc to he had at less than tlio cost or improvements upon them. Tho samo doclino lias taken plaoo in landod property throughout Australia. This state of affairs also oxists in Great Britain, whore landed wealth in 1887, as distinguished from tho more buildings, shown a decrease of 138 millions ns compnrod with 1840, and of 293 millions since I860. There is a similar deolino iu tho Now England and cotton States of Amorioa. In tho latter tho furmars appointed a committoo to inquire into tho causes of the deolino in farm valuos. Tlio roport brought up shows that for tho ton oottou States tlio valuo of agricultural land in 1800 was 1,478 million dollars, und in 1880 only 1,019 miliums, a fall of 459 millions. This has happened notwithstand ing an incrcaso in population amount ing to 53 por aont. Tho decline in land values is generally as murkbd in Europe. I ipty stuto here that thousands of persons who bought luud in Australia witliin the last toreo -years, would lio glad to sell out at a grout reduc tion on cost price, bat cannot do so. . This shows that tho unearned inoremont so loudly mouthod by labour agitators vanishes into thin air. This question naturally leads us to anothor intimately aonnootod, namely, '1 the concentration of land in a fo w hands, whereby, natural opportunities are alleged to fie lost." Iu Groat Britain, tlio lqnduf nil others of lurgo holdings, pauperism has , decreased from 1 . in 18 in 1850 to 1 in 34 in' I860, to 1 in 46 iu 1885,. a doorcase . of , nearly 61 per cent. Crimo has gradually diminished from 1 in 780 in 1840 to 1 in 3,272 in 1886, u diminu tion in proportion to population of 75 per oont. Mr. Giffln demonstrates by" exhaustive tables the incontrovertible fact that, whereas 50 rears ago tho working classes of the' United King dom, amounting to 9,000,000, oarned in nil about £171,000,000, or £19 por head, they now, numbering over 13,000,000, earn about £650,000,000, ornearly £42 per hoad, an increase of more thau 100 por cent. Comparing tho diflforont 'species of earnings togother, thoso of capital havo 1 advanced' from £190,000,000 to £400,000,000, or abont 100 por cont ; thoso of tho upper or middlo alam from £164,000,000 to £320,000,000, or about 100 per cont ; nnd thoso of the manual labour clnss from £171,000,000 to £550,000,000, or over 200 per oont. Mr. Mulhall shows that thoro must lio added to tlicso advantages a fall in pricos sinoo I860, averaging 5 por cant. ' From too above it will bo soon that Mr. Henry George's assumptions uro at varianco with nscortained foots, IVill tho singlo tax ouro all povorty ?, On this important question Mr. Edward Atkinson has shown by careful calou- lationwith regard to too United States, that toe singlo tax da land valuos would bo single only in iinmo, inasmuch an it would bo iu- suffioient to defray tho cost of general and local administration. Even if snffioiont, this sweep ing and revolutionary confiscation of rent would only afford a relief of 3 cents por hend por day. Mr, Guntou says only two. This preposterous penny, or penny hnlf-pouny dolo per day ia to abolish pauperism, "to give to tlio humblest not merely ull too necessities, but alt tho comforts and rea sonable luxuries, of life with a moderate amount of labour to utterly destroy, tlio night mare of want." In New Zealand, according to tho most roeorit proporty tax report, omit ting Grown, native, and reserve lands, and assuming, says Mr. Burton, for tho purposo of disentangling the vnluo of private from Govern ment improvements, nil ocoupiod Grown land to bo noarly us liiglily improvod as in boroughs —an utter improbability— say improvod to about 30. por cont bf the, value, toe. .next tax- ablo unimproved, roraaiador would bo valued at £48,438,635.' ,,At 5. per oent,. a generally unrealisabib rpntal, the roventio would be £2,421jfS, or £400,000 short of actual re quirements. At 3 per oent, a more prohabla return, it would amount to£l, 463,168, or about £1,350,000 less, than tho ' requisite amount. Mr. Edwnrd Atkinson tells us that ho knows of no eoonomistor statistician- -in thoUnitad States — of admitted reputation— who can ho cited, who bcliores that thero is any sum secured to private owners from rent of land dorived from simple possession under present conditions, sufuciont, or uuything like sufficient, to defray tlio cost of Government. Tho same .may bo eaid with regard to the statistical and ocohomlo authorities of Australasia. Tho recognised. Australian labour agitator is always informing his dupes that the dawn of tlio goldon ago for labour will "oome' when land now held in private ownership is 'oonfisoatod, and again held by the- Crovvn. . Did these ignorant peoplo ever study ttio .consoquoncea iof eo i.grave a question f : I' for onosay thoy never oould havo dono so, or thoy 7 Svould hover advocate suoh a foolish polfoy.!'- 'Great Britain7 receives aii- hunlly froih' her'"' dripping interest about 100 millions,- " from loans lent;: to foreign countries' abbut'' 100.' millions more.' Then' sho has milliohs' ' sterling invested, in manu- faoturiiig MhduSifjibs)' ' besides ' having an enoraioiu sum hs 'floating capital. How doos Australia stand -lyitli a similar comparison' f Hero in this country, with, very forwexpeptions, tho whole of Dtir ' capital is invested - in land. Therefore what'ddhs.eonfisbation mo'ati ? ) Simply this, that horioflt sbdiotics, insuraheb' 'aboiotios,' building sooib tics, '.banks, nnd all other institu tions that mnko up evoxyday life will come down wlfo « tcrrifio einasli. At -tlio samo time almost tlio wliolo of tlie people bf thoso' colonios from tho highest to too most humhlo ' in eooietv will bo roduood to "beggary if not starvation. Again it ishn admittea foot that as you destroy tho value of land , whioh is tho wealth of this country, so tlio prico paid for labour must como down in a corresponding degreo. 'Therefore I maintain that labour standing in-tho midst of ruin will be more misorablo nnd dogradod..tonn labour of China. — Yours, to., A. OOXXLFOBD. 