A PUBLISHER AND HIS FRIENDS. This is a book from which the public, and especially the literary publio, will expect much, and whioli will quito fulfil their expectations. The name of John Murray has been intimately associated with English literature for 120 years, and the biography of tho chief founder of the great publishing house, which still boars his name, must neoessarily give, as Dr. Smiles says in his preface, "a full picture of tho literature and principal men of letters of the first half of tho present century." Wo go indeed yet further back; for the John Murray of .whom Dr. Smiles writes was the second of the' name, the father and grandfather of the two Mr. Murrays who are now living j and tho business was aotually founded by tho first John Murray, whose life - and correspondence " iuolude to a certain extent the literature of the times of Dr. Johnson, Dr. Langhorne, Dr. Ourtwright and others." The late Mr. Murray— the iutimate friend and correspondent of Scott, Byron, Can ning, tho Disraelis, Campbell, Crabbe, Hallam, Croker, Milman, Washington/ Irving and Madame deStaiil— was born in 1778,- and died in 1843. His father, John Mho Murray, a lieutenant of marines, who had retired on half- pay, bought in 1768 the hook selling business of William Sandby, at the sign- of the ship, 32 Fleot-street, opposite fSt. Dunstan's Ohurch. This first John ' Murray was a man of great ability and energy; but prosperity came slowly. In',i777 ho wrote , to. a friend thai.ho was "fatigued from1 morning to night with twopenny matters, "and added, "Iptay heaven for a lazy and .lucrative office, .-and then. I shall with alacrity turn my shop out of tho window." ' He did not , turn his shop out of the window, but stuck to business, and in 1780 began a volume of annual intelligence called' the London Mercury j mostly. : written.. ;by himself, whioli afterwards gave place to the English Bcvicw, of which he was for some time sole editor, hunt ing .up literary men to write for it, but getting out of it more reputation than profit. He died in'November, 1793, at the age of 48. He had been in business 25 yoars, but with all his industry had not doubled his capital. His son —John Murray the Second — theAnak of pub lishers, according to Lord Byron— was only 15 and was still at school. He remained there two years longer, Samuel Highley carrying on the business for Mrs. Murray, and on her morriage, two years later, ho left school for business — the firm becoming Murray and Highley. The partnership continued till 1802, when it was. dissolved. They drew lots which should have the house, and Mr. Murray having got it, remained at 32 Fleet-street, Mr. Highley removing to 24, where he. set up as a medical publisher. On Lady Day, 1803, . then, Mr. Murray started in business on his own account, arid, as bo said in writiug to Colman, " plunged alono. into the depths of literary speculation," or as Dr. Smiles says, "began a career of publication almost unrivalled in the history , of letters." He had lost the sight of his right eye at .school, and it could never bo restored. His, friends did not always discover the defect. - "lAYliat," said Chairtrey to him one. day, '"are you a brother Cyclops?" - He had become acquainted some years before with the elder D'lsraeli, and the acquaintance now, ripened, into a close friend ship. The first John Murray had published the early volumes of the Curipsities of Literature, and the second John Murray began with Disraeli's Narrative Poems and . the almost forgotten Flimflams. There was an alarm about the last being libellous, but it passed. off. In December, 1804, D'lsraeli responds oordially to Murray's congratulations on "the birth of our boy"— this was Benjamin Disraeli. . Murray, wsb married to Miss Elliot : in 1807, and D'lsraeli (the, older always spelled his name with an apostrophe and a capital I) was one of his wife's trustees. Murray had formed a business con nection with the celebrated firm of Constable and Co., of Edinburgh, and it led to his becom ing London publisher of the Edinburgh Bcview.. It also brought him into intimate connection, with Sir Walter Scott, who called on him on his return from bis wedding journey and expressed his wish that Manaion should be published on the King's birthday. It was not got out till the beginning. of 1808, nnd Murray sold 1500 copies at his. trade sale, beforo the volumes arrived from Edinburgh. It was issued in tho old quarto size, at the .price of a guinea and a half. A difficulty with Constable led to the speedy cessation of . Murray's connection with the Edinburgh Bevicw, and on 25th September, 1807 Murray writes to Canning suggesting the establishment of a Tory rival. This was the true origin of the Quarterly Bcvicw. In the next year Scott withdrew.from the Whig organ, and by -the/end of.. 1808 the arrangements for tho Tory- quarterly -were, well, , advanced. , . Scott, writing , to,, Kirkpatrick '.Sharp,- asking him. to; contribute,: , says :-r-" The Hcbers, are engaged, 'item Rogers, Soutlioy, Moore (Auaoreon): and. otheraxvboso reputation. Jeffry has murdered, uud who are rising to cry woe upon him like tho. ghosts in King. Bioliard.",,, , The preparations for the ... issue i of , tho now Organ were, mado.with-tbo utmost seoreoy, and- it. was iutended that- the first 'number of. the Quarterly should fall, like-, a bombshell among: tho BBtouishediWhigs. James Ballantyrie writes to Murray in January, 1809, that lie had heard: a gentleman. ask; Scott whether, the. Quarterly' would be equal ; to. the Edinburgh, _ Scott- an swered, "I won't be quite sure of the first num- bor, because of, course there are, -difficulties-at tending the commencement of every work which time and habit can alono- smooth away. But I, think the first number will be a . good one, and in tho course, of three, or four.I.. think well Bweat them." The first number, however, failed to astonish the world. It was more literary than political ; but it sold .well, . An edition of 4000\. was soon exhausted,,, anilut .second, odition was called for. Scott was "quite pleased" with his' 10 guineas a sheet, and Murray hoped that in the course of next year it might pay expenses.' Tho second number was to be issued at the middle cf April. But Gilford was dilatory and unpunotual, and on tho llth of May Murray had to writo a lettor Of rbmonstranoo as to ' the oertain ruin which must attend the Bevicw by our unfortunate procrastination." By urgent appeals and constant effort tho Bcvicw was got out at the end of May. The third number was almost equally unpunctual, and Murray thought it " most notoriously and unequivooally dull." D'lsraeli, writing to him about it, asked, "Can t you got a more vigilant editor 2" He adds, "My son Ben assures me you are in Brighton. He saw you. Now, ho nover lies." All Murrays energy was neoded to keep the Quarterly from failure. Tho fourth number was a month behindhand, but it was the best that had been issued. An article on Fox, by Robert Grant, attraoted general notice, and largely increased the sale. It was sevoral years before tho Bcview began to pay, and meanwhilo Murray had been much straitened in his resources. Dr. Smiles gives several chapters to tho launch ing and establishment of the Quarterly, whioh ho regards as " the most important enterprise of Mr. Murray's life, to which he gave tho prin cipal portion of his time, and in tho success of which ho took the greatest pride." In 1817 Southey wroto to his friend Bedford to say that Murray had offered him 1000 guineas for his in tended poem in blank verse. "He is a happy fellow, says Southey, " living in tho light of his own glory." Tho Bcview is the greatest of all works, and it is all his own creation. He prints 10,000, and 50 times 10,000 read its con tents in tho East and in the West. Joy be with him and his journal." His connection with Lord Byron began with the publication of Childo Haroldo in 1812. Byron had given tho MS. of the first two cantos to Dallas, who took them to Miller, of Albemarle- street, Miller would not publish them, and Dallns took them to Murray, who "jumped at the offer." Here is a glimpse of Byron in Mur ray's office :—" Mr. Murray had long de sired . to make Lord Byron's acquaint ance, and now that Mr. Dallns had arranged with him 'for tho publication of the first two cantos of- .Obilde Harold, ho bad many opportunities of soeing Byron at his plaoe of business. .The first time that he saw,, him was when he called cm day with Mr, -uOuhmise in Fleet-street. He afterwards looked in from time to time, while the sheets wore passing through the press, fresh from the fencing rooms of Angela and Jackson, and used to amuse him self by renewing his practioe of Carte el Tierce, with his, walking oane directed against.the book shelves, while Murray was reading passages from thopoem, with occasional Ejaculations ofadmi- ration ; on which Byron would say, ' You tldnk that a good idea/ do you, Murray?' Then he would fence and lunge with his walking stick at some special book which he had' picked out on the shelves before him. As Murray afterwards said, ''I. was often very glad to get rid of him.'" Byron himself was vory sceptical as to the success of the poem ; but when it was issued he "awoke one morning and found himself famous." Murray bought the copyright of Dallns for £600; though Gilford and otiiors thought it would be a' bad bargain. Rogers assBurcd Murray that it would he tho most for tunate purchase he ever made, and so it proved. Three thousand copies of the 2nd and 3rd editions in octavo were printed and went off in rapid succession. The otherpoems, Waltzing, which Byron was anxious to repudiate; The Giaour, The Bride of Abydos, and The Corsair followed in rapid succession, and Lara and Rogers's Jacqueline camo out in the same volume anonymously, but were soon known and avowed. Meanwhile Murray had bought Miller's business at 50 Albemarle-strcet, and removed thither in 1812. Tho Quarterly was gradually rising in importance, new editions of the early numbers wero called for, and the editor's salary was doubled. It was paying andsomely. In ; 1814, when Waverley ap peared, Murray at once perceived who was the author. He read tho book and sent it on to Canning, writing on the title page " By Walter Scott." Dr. Smiles tells us why he did so:— "When he met Ballantyne at Boroughbridgo, in 1809, to settlo somo arrangements as to tire works which Walter Scott proposed to place in his hauds for publication, he remembered that among those works were three — 1st, an edition of " Beaumont and Fletcher"; 2nd, a poem; and 3rd, a. novel. Now, both the edition of "Beau mont and Fletcher" (though oditod by AVeber) and the poem "The Lady of the Lake," had boen published; and now, at last appeared the novel. He was confirmed in his" idea that Walter Scott was the author after carefully read- ing the book. Canning called on Murray next day; said lie had begun it, found it very dull, and: conoluded: "You aro quito mistaken; it cannot be by Walter Scott." But a few days later he. wrote to Murray: "Yes, it is so; you are right: Walter'Scott, and no one else." Writing from Brighton to his wife, who was in Edinburgh, in September, 1814, Murraysays: — " I pass my time with the D'lsiaelis, with whom I board altogether, and they are very kind to me." Ton days later he was back in London, and has a piece of news to send to Mrs. Murray:— " I was much surprised to learn from Dallas, whom I accidentally mot yesterday, that Lord Byron was expected in town every hour. I accordingly left my card at his house, with a notice that I would attend him as soon as he pleased ; and it pleased him to summon my attendance ahout 7 in the evening. Ho had come to town on business, aud regretted that he would not be at Newstead until a fortnight, as he wishod to have seen me there on my way to Scotland. Says he, " Can you keep a secret ?" " Certainly — positively — my wife's outof town !" "Then— I am. going to be married !" "The devili! I shall have no poem this winter then ?" "No." V Who is the" lady who is to do me this injury ?" " Miss Milbanko— do you know her?" "No, my lord." In October lie. visited Newstoad in Byron's absence. He was on- his way to Edinburgh, where he was welcomed by William Blackwood, who had bccomo Murray's agent in the northern capital. In these years wo begin to read of Murray's drnwingroom, /which Tioknor describes in 1815 a3 "a handsome room, over, -Murray's bopk'atorowhich he. has fitted up. as a sort of liferpry : lounge, , where authors resort to read newpjiapers and talk literary gossip." Murray himself, writing to a friend, in 1813, says:— "I am.in' the habit of seeing there, persons of the! highest rank in literature and talent, such as Canning, Frcre, Mackintosh, Southey, Camp bell, Walter Scott, Madame de StaBl, Gifford, Croker, Barrow, Lord Byron and otheis'; thus leading the most delightful life, with means of prosecuting my! business with the highest hotibc and emolument." In. that drawingroom Scott and Byron ..'mot for the first time, and. were introduced to caoh other by Mr. .Murray. The present Mr. " Murray— then John Murray, jun.— gives his , recollections of them :— 1' I can recolloot Becing Lord Byron in Albemarlo- street. So far nn.x can remember, he appeared to »c ralli.ov a -short man, with a handsome oountenunce, remarkable for the Quo blue veins which ran over his pale marble temples.-- He wore many rlHgs on his finger, and n brooch in his.shirt front, whioli was embroidered. When he called he used to be dressed in a' blaok dress coat (as we should now call it), with grey, and sometimes nankeen trousers, his shirt open at the neck. Lord Byron's deformity in his foot was very evident, especially as he -walked 'down stairs. 'He carried a. stick. After Soottanifche had 'ended 'tltejr conversation in the- drawing- room; it .was a c'Urious sight to soo -tho two greatest poets of the age— both lairio— stumbling downstairs side by side. They continued to meet in Albemarlo-Btreot nearly every day, and remained together for two or threo hours at a time. Lord Byron dined several times nt Alba- marie-street. On one of those occasions lie mot Sir John Malcolm — a most agreeable and accom plished man— who was all the moro interesting to Lord Byron because of his intimate know ledge ofPorsia aud India. After dinner, Sir John observed to Lord Byron how muoli gratified he had boon to meet him, and how surprised lie was to find him so full of gaiety and entertain- ing conversation. Byron roplied, 'Perhaps you see me now at my best.' Sometimes, though not often, Lord Byron rend passages from his poems to my father. Hi3 voice and manner were very impressive. His voice, in the decpor tones, boro some resemblance to that of Mrs. Siddons." Murray's literary dinners, too, kept up the reputation of tho great publishers for hospitality. They were such a3 Lintot used to give to Popo and Gay aud Swift, nnd Dilly to Johnson and Goldsmith. Round tho room - wore portraits of distinguished men of letters,, and later of thoso of men and women eminent In. science and travel. Tho wealth of correspondence with which Dr. Smiles has had to deal gives a still further sense of the varied nnd interesting character of a great publisher's connections. Mr. Murray was an admirable writer, and his letters greatly add to tho literary interest of these remarkable volumes. In tho thirteenth chapter there is an important correspondence with Coleridge, and another with Leigh Hunt, curiously illustrating the peculiar characteristics of the men. In the next chapter is an equally characteristic corres pondence with Campboll, who wants to per suade Murray to bring out a magazine, and does induce him to publish his Essays and Selections from English Poetry. Murray treated the im pecunious poot witii great liberality, and it was not to him that Campbell referred when he wrote,' "Now Barabbas was a publisher." James Hogg, " The Ettrick Shepherd," ex perienced much kindness from Sir. Murray. He once wrote to ask Mr. and Mrs. Murray to look, out a wife for him, and was continually turning to them for advico and help. In 1815 Irorn iijf ton's pecuniary craharrassmonts began, and as soon as Murray heard of them he sent him a cheque for £1500, "with an assuranco that an equal sum should bo at his service in the oourse of a few weeks, offering ntthc same time to dispose of all tho copyrights of his poems for his lordship's use." Byron, however, . refused the offer, as he did one of 1000 guinens for the copyright of two new poems, tho Siege of Corinth and Parisian, which he had sent in the olear writing of Lady Byron. Tho pressure of debt, however, made Byron take tho money for thai two copyrights nt Inst. AYben Don Juan was sent to him, Murray wrote and suggested certain changes insomo of the cantos, but Byron declined. The first two cantos were published anonymously, without even the name of tho publisher. So were the third, fourth and fifth. Thoy sold tremendously ; but Murray refused to publish any more. Ho published the dramas Sardannpalus, Tho Two Foscarl, and Cain, a Mystery, and paid Byron £2710 for thorn. When Byron s daughter, Allegra, died, Murray undertook the duty of providing for her interment in Harrow Chnrch ; and, on . Lord Byron's own denth, he wrote to Dean Ireland on behalf of the executors to ask that the re mains might be deposited in the Abbey. The request was declined, and the body was interred at Hucknall Torkard. Every reader of the lives of Byron, Tom Moore, or Samuel Rogers is familiar with the details of the long controversy which arose over the destruction of Lord Byron's Memoirs. Dr.: Smites necessarily goes over it again, this time from the point of view of the publisher himself. We learn how Moore took them for his son, like a good father of a family ; how he raised £2000 on them ; how after Byron's death, when, by the terms of a most explicit arrangement) - they had become Murray's property, they were found unfit for publication, being full of hasty scandal; how tho family protested ; and bow, aftor a scene in the " drawiugroom," in which Moore and Hobhouse all but punched one another's heads in the presence of ladies, they were burned. Murray, as is well known, was finally compelled to publish a pamphlet in his own defence, as the high minded gentlemen concerned in the transaction gavo it to be understood that the publisher was a Barabbas as usual. Whether the destruction of the MS. was right or wrong, no doubt rests on Mr. Murray's sharo in the transaction. Lord Byron had expressly told him that tho memoirs, ho had given to Moore wero not to be published during his life ; " when I am cold," he says, " you may do as you please." In a long letter to Mr. Wilmot Horton, Mr: Murray explains what he did in the busi ness. Ho had not looked at the MS., but the family assured him that the publication would bo injurious to Byron's fame, and painful to survivors, and, says Murray, "it. was enough for me that the friends of Lord and Lady Byron wished for their destruction," and ho was there fore " happy in having an opportunity of making, by a pecuniary sacrifice on my part, somo return for the honor, and I must add tho profit, which I bad derived from Lord Byron's patronage and friendship." Mr. Murray was afterwards bit terly attacked by Medwin, to whom he made a dear and conclusive reply. His whole con duct in the matter was in every respect right and honorable. _ There are numerous instances of the great kindness of Mr. Murray to literary men. Hogg was one of these. His tales, as Scott said to Murray, wero a failure, as he was deficient both in taste and tact ; but Murray oxcrtcd him self to got subscribers to The Queen's Wake, and made liberal arrangements for publishing nnd advertising it. Hogg wroto that "You and Mr. Rogers are tho principal men 'wo havo to depend on." Tiicrc is a latter in 1817 from Jaines Mill, thanking him for tho loan of the Sanscrit Algebra, and expressing his high sense of the liberality of Mr. Murray in offering to favor- him with the sight of nuy book which lie published: He assisted nnd encouraged Mrs. Hemai:3 in her earlier efforts, and published sovcral of her works. Tho Quarterly flourished, in;spitc of Gifford's failing health and incurable irregularity. In 1817 tho circulation was 12,000, and soon afterwards- reached 14,000.' Southey was then one of its most prolific con tributors/and Murray paid him well, "I-have not received so muoh .for tho History of the Brazils," he. tells Ooleridge, "as for a single article in the' Quarterly." This History of the Brazils was in three volumes; and Hcbor wrote a laudatory article in th o Quarterly to help it. Murray .offered! Soutlioy £500' a volume' for a scries of English biographies, six in number, whioh lie! might collect from his articloB in the Quarterly, but Southey was busy with the Book qi the Church, nnd'did hot accept the offer. Ho almost lived at that'time out of tho Quarterly. He, had great ability in- taking tho'heart out of a book- nnd putting it.in bis article, sometimes in a laudatory, sometimes .in a sarcastic. fashion.. "The" laureate," says Rogers, "has two ink stands always at hand ; the one is filled with gall, and the other with milk." Murray was constantly sending presents to his friend and editor, and Gifford writes : — " I am really ashamed of your goodness." The,-i?ci'(eie diu splendid Service for tho Tory party, but Gifford never; thought: they supported him enough. "I linvc no patience. wjtlr these Cabinet people,", ho'.writcs. "AYheu it is too late thoy rub their eyes ! and begin to see that the Bevicw might bo of the utmost importance to thorn. » . . Yet who of them procures 7TT" his health failed ho was nssist.a i s ; Croker, ;but he retired in q y ""'"ffipB after having been editor iU itu !MS ray offered the editorship to j, ''5; .W Coleridge, who, though thin « ' j»1"MEBB accepted it. In the very next s ><udffi| wished to resign on the wound Jf' .Co,SB practice in the AVest ofC/ '"AmcrJi posed that Looklrart should come to W J«3 take; Coleridge's . place ; mcnnwldk was induced to continue till r i ready. At tho end of 1825 Co! Hi tired, to the great satisfaction who. with all his regard for him „ , "®iw Quarterly was out of his hands' » LE got a twist on the cursed Catlmli. he»H Otherwise he thought the riff? not for the hotter. There was no fnrM 1, i3 @8 in the editorship while " x,'.'.'.1'" 1 'lliM except that the indefatigable Croke TJi i'lM whon Lockhnrt was ill or absent NmI an admirable editor, and fwitK r rt «i great Liberal reaction in the R=form mFII tho Quarterly held its ground with a ri .Hi of 9000 or 10,000 copief. told concerning the review in its earli erfaffll A fow days before -indeed on ii.! .P'Bi bnttlo of AY atcrloo was fought — lSlaekwnlCf JH great praise to tho new number cl1® eimrtofy, containing the contrast of Bona JM and AVellington It happened that S0lj9 wrote tho article in No. 25, on the tiL £ Achievements of Lord AYcllington, in c,d JH influence public opinion as much as M and to enoourago tho hearts of men tliro. - ffii the country for the great contest about , J« place in the Low Countries. About the .Mi time Sir James Mackintosh had written an SH and elaborate article for the Edinburgh to that tho war ought to havo been avoided ,& that the consequences to England could onldH unfortunato and inglorious. The number fl actually printed, stitohed, and ready for d'J9 bution iu June; but it was thought betterKM wait a little, for fear , of accidents especially for tho purpose of using it ins'tanSS after the first reverse should occur, and tlmil« give it tho force of prophecy. The BattlefifS AVatorioo came Hire a thunderclap. The ariJSfl was suppressed, and one on Gall and hisCraaHS logy » substituted. " I think," says TI.I-3W "Southey said he had seen the renndhfflW article." Tiie AYhigs wore punished that ti9 for thoir :trick of promising victory® Napoleon. SB Tho great sueoess of the Quarterly indui&fl; Mr. Murray to start other periodicals. In ljoggj a Monthly Register was planned, hut it ueflljl got beyond a specimen copy. Two years lalBB ho became part proprietor with Groker of flu Guardian, a weekly newspaper, printed SB Charles Knight, at AA'indsor. This was a faihJ9| and Dr. Smiles says " tho proprietors hiujB their fingers." His most serious venture irSS journalism was made at the instance of H..M min Disraeli, who, evon at that early age, 39 gifted with! remarkable power of influenciSS others. He had consulted Murray about a Mgjl when he was only 18, nnd iu his twentieth v3|S wrote a novel called Aylmer Papilltm, whiil was never printed. In 1825 he conceived til idea of a Conservative daily paper, and Murtqra tell into the. scheme. Murray was to hare kajfi and to find half tho capital, J. D. Fowler, meSlJ hor of a city financial firm, one quarter, in Disraeli a quarter. It was to begin in JamiBijsl 1826\. Beojamtn Disraeli was only 20, but was the originator of the scheme, and taieES himself in carrying it out. He went down ra Edinburgh to consult Scott, and to see LockhuSij who was expected to he editor at a salary SS £1000 a year and an eighth share. He »ro£f long and astounding letters to Murray, whit® Murray seut on to tho elder Disraeli, who -tufa " I know nothing against him but liis youieS . '. . His'viows are vast, but they are bas® on good sense, aud ho is most determined Igj serious wben be sets to work:" LockhartrcftudS the editorship, but came to London and safS Murray, and was offered tire succession to J. Na Coleridga in'tlre Quarterly. In a letter to Scotia Murray says he shall give him £1009 a yeaii which ho may make up to £1500 by contribtsl tions. Then a sharo in the paper is to make iel up to £3000; " I lmve lately heard," says Mai® ray, "that 'the annual profit of the Tims a| £40,000, and that n sharo in the 'Courier sous last week, wretchedly conducted as it seemel at tho ' rate of £100,000 for the property,® Meanwhile young Disraeli was indefstigablsa He travelled to Scotland again to sec LcclS| hart, ho went about among city men, wrolffi innumerable letters about foreign and other cor® respondenoe; and employed his cousin llsreri plau offices and premises. A house was take® nnd fitted up in Great George-street, Al'eiffl minster ; reporters and sub-editors were eaS gaged ; and it became needful to find a name foS the now journal. Some suggested "The DrilnB Review," some "Tho Morning News," saoB Disraeli fixed on "Tho Representative," aoM everybody agreed. But' there was editor. Disraeli was too young, too ineiffl pcrienccd, and noithor he nor l'owles coetrifl Luted their fourth shares of the capital Udj disappears from the history of tho journal a® soon as ho finds it a name. But Murray wan compelled to go on ; and tho paper oamc oat o® tho 25th of January, 1825. The price was 7ifl of wbich 4di was for tho stamp. Dr. JIaginn-j the Morgan O'Dohorty of Blackwood's Bayszista — was Forist correspondent,1 but there was now editor at home, " I want an editor, I wast aal editor was- Air. Murray's constant cry. bail ho got nb 'editor. Tho worry, oxperse anal nnxietyof tiie position began to tell on his healtn.l The publishihg was neglected, letters remained! unanswered, ,'mauusoripts unread, nndatlasUal was struck dbwn with illness: At the swae time! there was a oommercial crisis. The Constables! failed; the? Ballaiityncs, with whom »»« was associated, came dov;a ; and the hondonl house of Hurst, Robinson aiid Co. shared tueirj fate. "Pray Heaven," writes Uasliingtoai Irving to Everett, " Murray inay stand unmorw and not go'iito the Gazette, instend of punis"- ing one.'"- ' Murray did stand unmoved. I even helped1 others. The ' BcprcscnU'ticc j J kept oil.' Milrnau wrote, "Do get a new am I for tho lighter part of your paper, and lock »e 1 to tho Quarterly. - Tho ndvicc was taken, swi Maginu whs brought from Paris. Ho sjas 'r s 1 1 but he'was hitter, and gave, offence, offended people visited on Mr. Murray. I was a general election in June and Jaiy, j and as soon hs it was over Murray 8'0 'l. ,j paper. " It Had existed six months, and u - I was £26,000.; , _ . . n;alUi;j It was nover revealed why Benjamin S left tho paper so suddenly. AY |,jj j Turner when: it: was all ";. , fromj imlignntioh against Disraeli did not ar j the sum lie hhd lost in yielding to t 1. man's " unrelenting excitement n import" nity." From' Urn young „ J1 ceived nothing but tho moit unborn i „ denco mid parental attachment. ' I continued Murray, ' ' was 'H . F nublished . wisely, but too well." Disrajdi himself P (() Vivian Grey with Colburn, but ««'«" b. ' Albemarle-strcet ' a few' years later , fished his Coularim Fleming througa Thisy glimpse of Disraeli as a His ceeded. by a yet more curious rejeiaiiou. conneojion with Bowles, the City jn jg25 lus becoming a' writer 011 city t(?I . . .iwjokoit Mr. Murray published on commissi itW American Mining Companies, on ra|.uCri Present State of Mexico, and a third on m i , who in" S"t >n tl10 lutcl1 b& Ilia oIty M £sjlt« the cost himself. M ' !.„ i)Ce1 very 'little oorres- MC-rrMurroy 'and Samuel Tttylor « ULt Ik"""!. ..... proposed a translation Igs f> /" lilf no doubt, lie would H),be'S rXnt V well, and Murray offered W Ljise"11 ,,, for it. For some reason 3m a hundred P" t WBS never carried out. ffl % tlTh onotlier author with whom Mnr- »d purposeless correspondence. m t' if b j/«s wis submitted to the publishor, » trSvBfi srf»» a edition of 750 at his own WfWte' net profits with the author and « pi,itsii»! '"f ht'in iris hands. Oarlylo sub- |M)a,Iglbecop)"6a b tt t m9 rom 0ther ilSannd Murray, and the menu- Sri''YstiU Uvh«ew'hoso names aro fS iBi-aS ?nrr Gladstone, who writes about 9 RJff rlfth'o celebrated volume on Ohuroh MBBit01'..,?, »fr Murray published— and So!'' I' lfrom reading tho proofs by 1 'Tale to Kottfrdam. In 1843, SfSnayS, Mr. Gladsone wntes to Si iSismvri»ht uuestion ; and in the same H '''f in . received from Mr. Murray a copy H.ar.tiTiWU"1,' muary Operations in Ife G atone "Z Y' ifve read it jBW" . ami shame, which nro„ as I Sfilmust eay in such a case, the tests of its Tworfc May another occasion for 3 cw narrative cover ariBe I" .. SSsivea our readers only a few glimpses ,V.,,hl ol literary aud personal interest ft u,r will find iu theso dolightful volumes. few men eminent in literature during BtiHtadol ibis coutury who had not some H- i- nwiili the great publisher, and were feted «mt hi. friends or acquaint- -h. 