THE SERMON OP AN IRISH PRIEST. lbbported by one op the heaeers in a letter . ;t0 his friend in yorkshire. (To Micle Collvais Bndae of Wire, Yorlcshire.j His reverence chose for his test, Heb. ix. 27.-'! It is appointed unto men once to die, and after death the judgment." He said, "Friends and neighbours, wo are met as yon all ''know to celebrate the sad ceremony of Molysh Quinn's death and burial, and yon see the. text I have taken cat for correction and warning of every man and mother's son in Ballinanauoh. .It says we must all die. Need I tell yon that Adam and Noah are dead, and even Methusaleh, who lived nearly one thonsand years, he is dead, for we mnst all die; 'But why go so far back as the old world to prove we must all die. Sure Herod is dead, and Pilate is dead, and the very Prince of the Apostles is dead, for we mnst all'jdie. But why go so far back as the apostles to prove that we mnst all die. Sure Felix Farley is dead, a man well known to yon. all, and as handsome a fellow as over hnated a landlord out of a parish, and then there is Paddy Malone, where in all the town land could yon have found his match ? He conld fight, jump, or put the stone with the best man in Ireland. He is dead, for we must all die. Bnt why give names, is not the im mortal O'Connell dead, who a thousand times beat the British Parliament all to pap, and re deemed. Ireland with his own arm? He is dead, for we must all die. So you see after all, boys, we ore uothiug, for we must all die. But observe, the text does not soy how we are to die. Some die in the battlefield, some at the stake, and some at the gallows, and far more like old Moylish in the midden, for we mnst all die. So you see after all boys we are nothing bat tenants at will. Look at that yellow-bearted rnffian of a landlord that would not agree to the proposal of Ro we of the Hill to reduce the rent 20' per cent. He died like a dog in his own ditch, for we mnst all die.' Paddy Brady died glorionsly fighting the Orangemen at Maghrapor. So you see in whatever place or whatever way one thing is certain — we must die. What are yon looking for, , Andy O'Roon ? Is it the text you are looking for — in the life of Saint Bridget G'Toole ? Lay down that book this blessed minnte yon nnmannerly scnllen, or I'll send yon six months to the holy wells at Loch Derig and that will take the heat out of your knees; ;It was no wonder Father O'Shea cnrsed your nude, for there never was one of your name that ever I knew fit for anything better than carrying gats to a bear ; and look at John Daly there, as sound asleep as if he had paid me all my dues, while its the first time I V6 seen his blessed countenance this two yearis, and not a photographer in Ireland conld take his likeness, there's so many con tortions about his face ; — in a word, brethren he verifies the saying of St. Paul, he's given over to strong delusion to believe a lie. What are you kicking at, Simou McGuhagil? if you'can't be easy, be as easy as you can. You all knew Farmer Duffy, for who didn't kuow'Farmer Daffy? Well, Farmer Duffy, had a grey mare and a black horse, and Farmer Duffy put the grey mare and the black horse out to graze in the field, marching on Billy Knox the heretic : and the devil put it in tbe grey mare's head to take a mouthful of Billy's grass, and in getting over the fence ehe felt and broke her neck, and better couldn't happened her ; for we must all die. Likewise, old Molysh Quin, left her own green Catholic pasture for a mouthful of Methodist prayers, and coming home from the; unholy feast she fell into McQuades Midden and broke her nook, and better couldn't happened her ; for we must all die. Now, when Farmer Duffy'e black horse comes home at night, he calls "Moheel Mohee I Och ! Och 1 " but there is no grey mare ; the grey mare is dead, for we must all die. Like- wise, when Philip Quinn comes ' borne ' at night, he calls Molysh I Molysh 1 but there is no Molyeh, Molysh is dead ; for. we must all die. Look this way Brian Eelly, if you please, do you think it is a wake or a raffle you are at ? do you not think a shame of your self, look round and see your decent neigh bours how they are drying their tears with the holy influence of the solemn occasion ; bnt I see there is no way getting at your feelings but with a stick, for if the very prince of the Apostles were preaching to you there, is not a man from the town land you oame from, but would make a fool of himself. Now the fathers tell us there was a tree, a rat, and a bear ; the tree is life, the rat is death, and the' bear is eicknesa ; the man afraid of the bear climbed up into the tree to save his life ; the rat sickened, yawned at the root nntil the tree fell and the bear eat the man ; for we most all die I Just imagine Paddy Cane, that never had a mouthful of sense since the day he was born, speaking to the angel Gabriel, who is a highly educated gentleman ; was rared and brought up in a place called Galii. But thank God you have your priests, who have learning enough to speok to any army of saints. But let us consider for a moment the last clause of our text ; " after death the judgment," and it may not be so very long till the angel with one foot on the sea and the other on the land declaring time to be no longer. I have my eye on you boys' over there, I will be there, and you will be there ; and when the qnestion is put by St. Peter the founder of our church, " Father O'Rork, did I not make you parish priest over Ballina- muck ? " I will say, " You did, your Worships glory, and it was very kind of you." Then he will say, " Father O'Rork, did your people come to mass ? " I will aay " They did." Then he will say, " Did' you people come to confession ? " I will say " They did " holy Father. And by the ghost of Saint Bridget, the elegant confesBion they did make ? Then he will say, " Did they pay you your dues?" Then I will say, "There's the reprobates; let them speak for themselves." And, in conclusion, let me say "Molysh Qainn's prospects are brighter at this moment that many of tbe Nottinghogs I see before me," who doesn't know who made them but from the report of the country? Look at Barney Hughes there, (the half of Omagh railway belongs to) coming here after buying one single ticket ; but what needs I talk. A man that wouldn't buy a pennyworth of soap to wash his own face will do little for the love of God or his fellow-man. But if oleanliness be next to Godliness, Barney you are far this day from the kingdom of Heaven. And now go home like good Christians, and if yon call at James Macnaulty's, don't be taking more toan a couple of glasses, for if there's a fight on the road this night, the man that strikes the first blow, I'll hand him over to the devil to have his nose bored through with a red hot iron, and chained to the hot plate where they roast the Protestant-i on to all eternity." Off we started and some of the boys had better look out for their nose, for we had barely the first glass swallowed when the discassion began about the sermon, govern ment, home rule, and the Irish Republic, and before I knew what I was about some of the boys were praotising the movements of the Kilkenny cats ; and as usual. Father O'Rork had to separate them with a whip he keeps for duty on these pious occasions. And now dear Mick, when I get a supply paper I'll give you the argument that led to the row, and when Father O'Rork; preaches another funeral sermon, " may you be present to hear it," is the prayer of. Yonra. to command. . TAIG O'HANIGAN. 