Our Ballarat Letter. Tuesday. j Ox Sunday the consecration of St. j Patrick's Roman Catholic Cathedral took I place. Tha cathedral has recently been thoroughly renovated, and presents a [ beautiful appearance inside. The magni ficent altar purchaaed by Dr- Moore in Italy was also unveiled. At the morning service pontifical hiijh mass wss celebrated by Dr. Moure, Hi.hop of Billarat, in the presenoe of a lar^e number of prelates. Cardinal Morau preached an able and s:holarly sermon from Hebrews 12th. 22nd verse. Iv the afternoon, Bishop Moore entertained the visitors and a number of citizens at luncheon at the Holy Ghost College, The mayor of th; city, in reply to the toast of hia health, said it wss his ! aim to assist every denomiustiun. ln the evening at vespers, which were recited by Dr. Murray, Bishop of Msitlatid, the Bishop of Billarat occupied the throne. Dr. Redwood, Archbishop of Wellington, delivered a discourse from St. Paul's! words "This ia the victory which overcame the world—our faith." The choir rendered a brat class prouramme of sacred mun'o during the day, aasuted by Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr. T. W. Burton, and Signor Buzzi. The conductor was Mr, Wrigley, the popular choir master of the othedra), and the organist Mr. T. Bailey. Yesterday the cardinal and the visiting prelates were received at the City hall by the Mayor (Cr. Shoppse), and Crs. Moray, M.L.C., Little, Thompson aid Ivey, alao Mr. Perry, town clerk, Messrs. E. Mnrphy M.L.A.. D. Brophy, J. J. Fitzgerald and C. Forater (president of the Licensed Victuallers Association.) A visit was paid to the Christian Bros, schools, and to the Lorstto Convent, where an enter, ttinment waa given in honor of the distinguished visitor*. This afternoon the memorial stone of the new St. Mary's monastery to be erected at Wetidouree was laid aod solemnly Messed by the Rev. Dr. Moore. At the conclusion of the ceremony the prelates aod friends were entertained at luacheoa. The city council yesterday decided to permit the Militia Band tn play on tha first Sunday afternoon of the summer months in the Botanical gardens. Mayor Shoppee voted for the motion, aad also gave his easting vcte which ewttled the question. Women sisy he onn>titstioeal!y afraid of a asoaaa (says the Beudigo Independent), bat soma of them are not over-frightened at snakes. At Castlemaine two aervaat girls foend aSJ feet snake iv c pantry. They attacked it with a shovel and tomahawk, aad killed it. Mr. W. 8. Cox, the wrll-knowa raciag man aad graavr, has recovered £10 dsmages against the Victorian Railway Commissi >aers fur injuries to sheep, carried by the depart ment from Terang te _loooaeith. It wae alleged that, through the hilars of ths dssMsstts an sspt-y stags*, sbusa issued I tt_illrsnb| jp_ V MttN_iteS__k 