sarietied. A DOUBLE LOSS. I SAW fcliem on the stairway, in a cosy nook and dim— A dainty little maiden, with bright eyes and figure slim, And sitting close beside her—'twas a very narrow place— A man who fanned her slowly, and watched her pretty face. He gently pressed her fingers, and said he'd lost bis heart, And told her how he loved her; he swore they'd never part, And then—I do not blame him, she looked so very sweet— He drew her gently downward, and kissed her rosy cheek. Of course this little maiden thought this very bold, Bat for worlds she would not say so, lest he should think her cold, Yet she whispered to him shyly, while blush ing deepest red, " A moment since you lost your heart, but now you've lost your head." If a courting match is not declared off, it must end in a tie, If the boys don't kiss the misses, then the girls will miss the kisses. The professional oarsman is an in fluential fellow, for his business gives him a great pull. Do you thinic those shoes are worth mending ?" " Veil, yaa—if I zole and heel tern and pot new uppers on tern. Ze strings are still goot." Customer—'' Why did you take your boyaway from school?" Grocer—" They were mining him; Why, they were trying to teach that sixteen ounces make s pound1" Mbs.Rilby—"Are ye on oallin' terms with our neighbor?" lbs. Murphy— " Av' coorae I am. She called me a thafe, kd I called her another." " I1.IKBD your sermon so much to-day," Mid the old lady to the clergyman. "Indeed?" said he, evidently pleased, " Yea," she went on, " it reminded me so muohof one I read when I was a girl." E&band; Boy ("to jeweller)—" What shall 1 say if any one brings in a watch to be repaired while you are. out to lunch ?" Jeweller (winking)—" Pretend to examine it carefully, and then tell hun it needs cleaning and a new mainspring." Jennie (who is not pretentious)— " Clara, Iheard you tell Mr. DeSmythe last night that papa was a retired merchant. How could you?" Clara— " Well, he was a retired merchant when Mr. De Smythe called. He'd been snoring for two hours. wf "Haven't you forgotten something, air!" asked the head porter of a guest who had paid his bill and was leaving the hotel. " Oh, no," replied the nom- tipper; " if I have you can keep it." " Much obliged 1 I notice you left your pocket book lying on the desk." Long-haiked Individual to Managing Editor—"Is the literary editor in? Managing Editor—" No, he's gone off on his vacation." L.H.I.—"Do you know whether he read my poem before he went ?" Managing Editor—" 1 think he did. He asked for an extra week's rest." It is a small boy who usually tells things, and the dinner-table is his favorite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed, " What a little chicken for so many people !*' The com pany smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But he waB like Banquo'a ghost. After they had all beeu helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and clapping his hands, he shouted: " Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was ill so long in the yard, ain't it!" The Mouse and the Cat—A Fable.— ! A mouse fell into a beer vat, and a cat passing by saw the struggling little creature. The mouse said to the cat, " Help me out of my difficulty." " If I do, I shall eat you," said the cat. " Very well," replied the mouBe. " I would rather foe eaten by a decent cat than drowned in such a horrible mess of stuff as this." It was a sensible cat, , and said—" I certainly shall eat yon, and you must promise me on your word of honor that I may do so." " Very well, I give you the promise. " So the cat fished the- mouse out, and, trusting to promise, she dropped it for an instant. The mouBe darted away and crept into a hole in the corner where the cat could not get him. " But did'nt you promise me I might eat you ? " said puss. " Yes, I did," replied the mouse, " but must I keep a promise made when I was in liquor ?" 