Varieties We learn wisdom from failure much me I than success. Wo often discover whatw I do by finding out what will not do ; a I probably ho who never mado a mistake ne\ I mado a discovery. — Smiles. I To bo thrown; upon one's own . resourc I is to bo cast into the very lap of fortun I for our faculties then undergo a devolopme I and display an energy of whioh they we I previously unsuBCoptible.— B. Franklin. I A Now York statisoian and financier fi; I ures mat out oi zu,uuu men oniy o,uuu wm c ? worth over §10,000, and only 3,000 who ei I bo called rich. He says that 3,000 men lo I 5,000 dollars aud upwards per year, and th I 2,000 men loso 10,000 dollars each where oi I makcB 100,000 dollera. I In tho palmy days of Romo tho number I lions brought from Africa averaged 400 p I y«jar for nine years, and with these we: leopards, tigers, hyenas, elophauts, buffalo I and serpents almost without number. F- several years there were 8,000 men, employt in Africa. in trapping wild animals to .mal sport for ths people of Rome. I A man at Red Bank, N.J., didn't like 1 A. Jones, and to mako Mr. Jones feel badi sent him three or four letters with the nan spelled ' Gones.' Jones appealed to tl United States authorities, and the joke settled tho case for 250 dollars. He can no' spell J-o-n-e-s with any man in tho town. ; Think of all tho evils from which you at exempt ! Clemenoy alone maketh man equal wit tho gods. Obstinacy is ever moro positive whou it i most in tho wrong. WARM WITHIN. Skies may be dark with storm, While fierco the north wind blows. Yet earth at heart is warm, BJ And tho snowdrift hides tho roso. ? ? —Celia Ihaxlcr. ? Truth begets hatred, familiarity contempt flj and bucccss envy. BJ Manners are not idlo, but the fruit o: I loyal nature and of noble mind. I Timo destroys the speculations of man. H but it confirms the judgment of nature. H Tho virtue of Paganism was strength ; Bj tho virtuo of Christianity is obedience. B KINO BY-ANS-BY I In his bright reign all debts aro paid ; fl Tho ghosts of all orimes and blunders laid ; fl Tho penniless ono can borrow ; fl No shadows darken his shining track, fl No burdens rest on the toil-worn back, B No clouds hang over us grim and black, B In tho glorious reign of To- morrow. B — Lucy A. Farnum. fl Tho ability to do difficult things easily I and disngrceablo things cheerfully is the' I first element of success in life, says Chauncy I M. Depew. I The folk lore of the Indians of Michigan is I almost a thing of tho past, but fow of their I legends being preserved at the present time. I To bo sure, there aro a fow of tho old natives, I whoso locks havo been whitened by the ro- I curriug frosts of many winters, who preservo I u few of tho traditions of thoir tribes. Such I a ono is Wionda-goo-ish, an aged brave, I whose huge proportions gavo him the namo I mentioned, which, translated into English, I means giant. Boing in a communicative mood I a short timo ago ho related one of his tribal I traditions, conoorniug tho Mnmtou Islands I and Sleeping Boar Point. Ho said that many I years ago, before the primeval woods of I Miobigan and Wisconsin had been invadod I by tho ruthless white man, the wild animals I of tho forests wero possessed of spirits, and I that tho medicino men of tho tribes wero ablo I to talk with them. I Onco upon a timo a huge sho-bear was com- I polled to desert tho shores of Wisconsin and I with hor two cubs tako to the water of Michi- I gun, tho great lake, on account of fires that ? wero raging in tho wildorness. The heat wus so intonso that tho mothorbcarconoluded not to return to tho Wisconsin shore, but struck boldly out for tho banks of Michigan. When nearly across tho lako tho two cubs sank from exhaustion and wero drowned. Tho old bear swam about tho spot for hours, but hor cubs roso not ugain. Finally weiiriness compelled hor to seek tho shore, vouching wlr.cn sho climbed a hugo bluff and lay down to sloop. That bluff wns Sleeping Bear Point, and from that day to this, tho spirit of tho old bear has rcmainod ou that bluff, and from tho spot where sank tho two cubs thoro gradually aroso two beautiful islands, tho North and South Manitou, or, as it moans iu tho .vernacular of the Ottuwiis, Spirit Islands. Tho spirits of tho oubs' «r-- supposed to abide on tho islands, and that ol tho mothor bear keeps a constant and loving watoh over tho homes of hor loved ones, where they are bound to remain until terrost.-ial timo shall bo no moro, whon thoy will bo trans ported to tho Indian heaven, or happy hunting grounds, not as viotims of tho huntsmen, but as guardians of tho Indiana who lovo thorn. On stormy nights, tho Indians say tho Bpirlt of tha mother bear moans andorios from hor post on tho great sand bluff, in anxiety for tho fate of her young, tho shores of whoso homo uro being assailed by the treacherous waves ?wb.iob. eauaod thoir death. 