THE MASTER OF THE MAGICT. BY ELIZABETH STUART' PHELPS am> HERBERT 3D. "WARD. CHAPTER XV.-(Continued.) Lalitha was in the ante-room to her father's apartments. [Further than this no one had been able to persuade her. She was walking up and down and across the little TOOTH. Her fluttering movements reminded Allit of the fancy conscious to him the first time that he saw her-more than ever she had the look of a bird. , She was not sobbing or moaning, but yet it seemed to him as if she would" beat her heart out. The room was still very dark. . At the eastern door, but a little ajar, day struggled to enter. Babylon was quiet, uncommonly so, after the nights caroiisal. In the streets the early water-carriers had begun to stir slug gishly, but the citizens slept. Upon the date-palm that grew between the house and the street a swallow had found itself awakened, and suddenly swung upon the lintel and pecked thereat. Lalitha stopped her tempestuous pacing and watched the swallow. . " It isthe spiritf'^cried Lalitha. "Itis the spirit of my father. Let him in. Let him do as.he willeth, Kisrinni!" ^ But TfiBrrnni has stepped into the adjoining room; the Jew had summoned her; some last service to the dead needed, or was made to need her presence. Allit stepped forward quietly and opened ..the door wide, _ thus bringing himself into the full sight of Lalitha. " Ah," she sighed, " thou J" : The swallow flew in. The captain closed the door. The bird beat wildly about the heads of the two. Lalitha watched it fearfully. She ?was full of the superstitions of. the people to: whose faith her father had apostatised and among whom she had been'; reared. The swallow settled slowly toward the girl. She held her breath and. lifted her ? beautiful, wounded arm, raising her forefinger tip. The bird descended gently, regarding her with the mingling of caution, suspicion, and trust, seen only in its kind, and then -delicately dropped and poised upon , her outstretched ?' He blesseth me," whispered Lalitha; Allit did not speak; what could he say ? Tfc was,but a swallow:-and a girL YetitHe soldier was as dumb as any mute slave in. :Babylon. Purity, delicacy, exquisite girlhood, 1 devoutness, imagination-these were matters hard to be -understood. Add the sorrow' of "one_ of the,.. ; soiest of human bereavements .and the. Baby Ionian bowed before the mystery.; Lalitha, ? unconscious and sweet, was the -unconquerable fact of his experience. Ab she-sto£»d,: ra,pt,%ith the bird upon her hand, tfe .captain of the 1 '< guard instinctively took the attitude of deyo : tioh before the girl, then deliberately retained it. ? ' . *-~ The bird rose slowly, fluttered above her up turned face, and made a long fine circle over head, then darted into the room of death. \- Lalitha watched, but did not follow it. The astrologer lay in the state which a»e and scholarship and high repute give to human , clay. The sensitiveness of defeat and cruel anxiety added pathos to his features. Here,' if ever, lay a man dead of a broken heart. 1 Daniel and Kisrinni were praying beside the corpse. The one addressed Jehovah, the other , muttered a charm well known to have been re- : vealed to the mother of the king by Bel-Hero- i dach. The swallow circled over the bodyof Mutn- ; sa-ili; then, mounting slowly, sought the "tower ; of the sage and escaped through tne exit of the ' brick stairway. As the bird broke free, day burst upon Babylon. " He is gone!" moaned Lalitha. When she turned the dark room was flooded with the sunbreak from above; The bird could be heard singing without. The captain of , the guardsstill stood in the attitude of devotion. Daniel communed with Jehovah.: The slave ? woman whispered snatches from a familiar lijmn to- " The House of the land of death" < " To the land of no return he hath departed; To the far off, to regions of corruption, : "Where light is -never seen, where the dead exceed the living; Where ghosts, like birds, whirl round and round the vaults of dust." . But Allit prayed - fo ? Lalitha. She wavered towards him with a ? little_ appealing motion. Her chin began to quiver like ;a child's. Her eves filled and overflowed. But she [was pathetically quiet. "I comfort thee," said Allit impetuously. In an instant the worshipper had become the lover. He sprang towards her and held out his arms. "Thou shalt not weep, for thou art precious to me," whispered the Babylonian. " Only love me and I will comfort thee. Try to love me," pleaded the captain humbly. Lalitha's wan little face changed color deli cately. She made a motion, as if -perhaps she nodded, but she did not speak. ? "Love me, Lalitha, love me !" entreated Allit: "Make me worthy, for I am un worthy, Make thou, me fit to take thee to . wife." " My father is dead," said Lalitha. At this moment the Jew ^entered the room. An unearthly radiance illuminated his face. He held in his hand the tablet of clay. She tried "to read it, laid it down and sighed, and tried again. Her -eyes wandered from it to him, to Allit drearily. " By the authority of death I ask thee," said Daniel tenderly. "Wouldst thou wed this man ? Lietli thy happiness in his keeping 2" " My father is dead!". repeated Lalitha. " Verily, I have chosen an untimely hour to woo the maiden," whispered Allit between his teeth. " Better is she, it seemeth, in thy holy company. I am only a man like other men Devoutly raising her cold little hand to his forehead, the captain of the guards made obeisance to the girl, and, suddenly wheeling, \- like a phalanx in retreat, left h'er with the Je w. 