ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS. The current number of the Bbuvelle Kevue contains an interesting article des criptive of the peculiar beliafa and prac tices of theRoumonlen peasantry on the sub ject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it is use less to look for the euperstttiouB any more than for any other form of the picturesque in the streets of Bucharest. Tha Rou manian cUaiin Is lust like his f.llow cockney all the world over. He wears the orthodox costume of Western Kurope, and that being so it Is idle toexpec; to discover more than the very smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas under the abomination of civilisation; the stovs-pipe bat. But the Roumanian peasant, thtopinoar, the man who lives his life between the Car pathians and thai Lower Danube, is Mill very much what bis forefathers were before him. His imagination has not been colored a neat uniform drab by the brush of modern progress, and he is still refresh ingly bshlnd hand in the race for a com plete coating of that melancholy mono chrome. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant Is escorted by a host cf popular practices meant to shield him from- the malafla ioflasnees of the evil spirits of the unseen world. Of these there are no lack, for Slavonic snper stitlons are mingled In Boumanla with eurvivals of classic mythology which have been Inherited by the descendants of Trajans legionaries from their Bomanised ancestors. Centuries of Christianity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks of the Roman eagle's claw, and tbe demigods and nympha of Giesceo-Roman legend linger yet under tbe sheltering shadow af the Carpathians. Thus, when a child is born, the father and mother invariably turn their eyeB anxiously In the direction of the window. For bjhlnd that are larking the three in visible Spinners, the TTzitoarc, who are weaving the web of the infant's destiny, the lineal descendants of the Parcra of clessto mythology. Before the child is christened It has to play i-a part in the im portant ceremony ot the first bath. This is administered to the child in the aOia, or copae, a wooden vessel which serves alike for bath and crad'e, not to mention numerous other domestic purposes. The babe's godmother performs the ablation* at her own house, whltber the child is carried, together with a present of sugar and cofttt. If It is a boy the godmother uiub, u.ui uiuu itu* wiMi a oi/ui DuiiuAl mix ture of com, wine, end honey ; end in the case of a girl some feathers from a dove's wing and some petals of a rose take the place of the wine. Tbe feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer to the Three Spinners that tbe girl's footsteps through life may be soft as down, and ber face fair as the roBe in blossom. If you deeire to read in tbe book of destiny the future of your offspring, you may prove a hoy's chancier much as Furtia proved hir lovers' Present the child with a loaf, a rod, and a b:ok. If he takes the bread he will 'be a man **f common sense and prac tical knowledge of the world ; if the rod, hewiUbeaneVr-do-well; If the book, be will grow up to be a great scholar. Live and marriage, like birth aud death, have ever betn fruitful themes for the exeicise of popular superstition in all countries. In Koumania, as elsewhere, the moon is the maiden's chief confidante In affairs of the heart. A properly c instituted Roumanian damsel wilt on no account omfo to hail the new moon with tbe f ollow ing invocation :— 'New Queen I In health thou hast found me; in healh laave me. Thou haet found me unwed; leave me with a handsome 1-ugbend at my side.' Thus they invoke Diana, the mron-goddess, as their anc-stora, doubtlerB, invoked her centuries ego. Neither will the same maiden forger, whrn the month of March comes round, to suspend from ber neck or her wrist the marttidior. a silver coin, which, in April, will be carefully hung upon a rose bank wnile its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way she will in faNbly obtain a complexion of the most ex qoiaite pink and white. Having thus secured a share cf beautv. tha next thins ia to turn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or the opportunity to follow the classic tradition, go to the lorest by moon light, aud there, stripped of har dotting, to look for the face of har futur in the waters of the spring, she may yet obtain a sight of him in her dreams it she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of Epiphany, it Is also an excellent thing for a girl who is In baste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her conage. that hetb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every, well regulated Roumanian youth. Should she desire to know whether she will wed witl.ln the year let her go by night to tbe garden hedge, choose in the dark two neighboring branches, and bind them to gether with a ribbon. Beturoiug in the morning she will examine them, and if she finds that she has bound tbe branohrs of two separata bushes her desire will be accomplished ; but if, unfortunately, they bath spring from tbe same root then no wise woman in all Boumania oan tell her how long she will have to wait unwed. When she is deflnitely engaged she pre sents her /iomia with ber essh as a formal acknowledgment of the betrothal; and should she be so lucky as to hear a dove coo, ot a cuckoo sing (upon her right side — rni air ieit;, men an is oouna to go well wiib the pair. But if the betrothed pelr wonld live long to sojjy men ether's society, let them take care on the day they are married not to crass another wedding party coming ont of cturch; for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is ont. These precautions being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts and .other uncanny other-world creatures are plentiful in Boumania, and as various as plentiful There are the Strlgol evil spirits who make their way Into the house -on St. Andrew's night unless you rnb your doors and windows with garlic, the smell of which these spirits cannot abide. There are the Mrrol, or spirits of anbsptfied children, who cry for their mother's breasts, and vill not be r.npeaeed until their little .graves have been sprinkled with holy water for seven yeare Most fearsome of all is the Vampire, who leaves the tomb by night, aod wanders till cook crow, working evil to men. But the spirit of the departed will rest nnvexed provided that his crffjn contain a comb, a piece of soap, and, above all, the classic obol, tbe wage of the infernal ferrymen. For ths Riumanian peasant stIU pays the burial fee to Charon. 