«Looking a Little Forward.' The author of ..j^frjng , ° Back_ " ward has con- tributed to an English magazine an article, entitled " Looking * a Little " Forward," in which he makes us acquainted with what, in his opinion, arc the first steps to bo taken towards realizing his ideal of a complete national partnership. The prime essentials to the carrying out of the scheme are the successive nationalizing or jnuui- " cipalizing of public services and " branches of industiy, and the] eimnl- " taneous organization of the employes " upon a basis of guaranteed rights, as " branches of the civil service of the " country; this process being continued " until the entire transformation shall " have been effected." The -various items to be first nationalized or municipalized are enumerated. The telegraph and telephone service; the establishment of a State parcel post; the immediate national aseumption of the control over the railroads of the country, u in " order that a national railroad service " may be run at cost price, and not at a " profitimmediate legislation looking towards the "State control of the coal mines of the country; the conduct by municipalities of local public services, such as transit, lighting, heating and water supply; the nationalizing or municipalizing of businesses, the employes to be taken over bodily into the public service; and, lastly, the compulsory education of children up to the age of 17 years by the* State, and the making of provision by the Commonwealth for children whose parents are unable to support them during school attendance. When these seven reforms are brought about, the favorite paper currency of Mr. BELLAMY will, he thinks, be ready to follow. When this septet of reforms is complete the world will be prepared for anything to follow, even the Day of Judgment, or some other equally long-expected, and, it' is to be hoped, long deferred event. "Looking Backward " created a not unpleasant sensation. The average reader with no great amount of individualism at stake lays down the book feeling that the world would be a very comfortable place to live in if it were only as JULIAN WEST found it when he awoke from his trance. Others—and perhaps fortunately the minority—who rejoice " the poetry of the suffering and "heroism involved in the struggle " between the strong will and the ('obstacles it has set itself to overcome," may thank their lucky stars that they have been born at a time " when the " world, however sick it may be, leaves " still a little room for each, man's in- " dividuality, and is something else " besides a formidable industrial machine " organized on the pattern of the German "army, with foremen in the place of " generals." It is certain that the more we see of the ways by'which Mr. BELLAMY proposes to arrive at what the immortal MANTILINI would certainly have termed his " demnition future," 'the less palatable it appears and the end less possible of attainment. The picture was new in a great measure, the colors bright and attractive at first sightj but on closer inspection it is found that the same old means were resorted to in producing the pleasing tout ensemble. A French critic, M. BENTZON, in a recent number of tbe "fievne des Deux Mondes" is kind enough to say that BELLAMY'S twentieth century "may "suffice for new peoples—the Australians " for example." Probably neither the author of " Looking Backward " nor of the article in the French magazine is, either of them, fully atf&reof; the extent to which the schemes which we have summsir'zcd from "Looking a Little Forward" have been tested in Australia by the new people for which the twentieth century may suffice. Mr. BELLAMY hopes to regenerate America first, and the rest cf the world afterwards ; but one at least of the Australian colonies commenced her regeneration on BELLAMY'S lines some years ago, and it has led her, not to the industrial blessedness of the twentieth century, bnt to the verge of - insolvency. Victoria has its State railways, telephone and telegraph services and parcel post, and in a gregt number of instances the local public services—such as lighting,transit, and water supply—have been furnished by the State out of the public funds and handed over to the municipalities. The result in all cases, whether ^railway or some little Pedlington water supply scheme, has been the same—dismal failure. The irrigation schemes of the late Victorian Government are the last and greatest fiasco. Wherever the State has meddled with what properly belongs to private enterprize it has burnt its fingers, and BELLAMY and his Nationalists show ns no now way for those things to be done. The greatest present need for reformation is in the condition of the working classes; but the'more we see of the means by which the author of " Looking a Little Forward " proposes to bring about his Millennium, the less we see how the laboring classes are to be benefited by the change. The " guarantee " of maintenance to all upon the basis " of equality, would be merely a ques- " tion of time," says Mr. BELLAMY ; but Time is only another name for Eternity, and we fear this guarantee will be an eternity in arriving, unless human nature undergoes some sudden and radical change. Buckley gurantces all watch repairs.—Ad. Mr. E. \\. Keane has received a cablegram, announcing the death of his mother. Buckley's spectacles relieve the weakest eyes.—Advt. The R.M.S. Arcadia left Adelaide at'l p.m. yesterday, and is due here about noon on Saturday. Buckley's Ludgate watch is unrivalled.— Advt. A section of the Midland Railway to Gingin will be opened for traffic, on the 9th of April, from Walkaway to Dongarra. Any kind of jewellery made to order at J. K. Buckley's, jeweller, etc., York-street, Albany.—Advt. Fourpence each will be given by H. £. Parry, agent for Mr. T. W, Powell, for empty lime, 'cerrent, or other barrels suitable for tree guards, delivered at the G.^.R. goods shed.—ADVT. Tbe S.B. Albany leaves for Adelaide and Melbourne this evening. She takes about 350 loads of timber for Messrs. Millar Bros. Captain Nichol, late of the Bib Boy, is in command. Messrs. Edward Barnett & Co. desire us to notify that owing to the great success attending their clearing sale they have decided to continue it one week longer—till Saturday, March 2lst —(Advt.) The S.S. Bob Boy left for Fremantle at 6 a.m. to-day, under commaed* of her old skipper Captain Irvine, who expects to return next week to take ap his new duties in the pilot service at this port. Some lunatic has been lately frightening women and children on the Cemetery-road bynight pranks' as a ghost, and runs every chance of bong metamorphosed into a real one, as several well-developed disbelievers in Spiritualism are anxious to interview him. Oar readers will notice that an alteration has been made in the time tbe duly trains will leave and arrive at Albany. In place of leaving Albany at 6-30 a.ro. as lately advertised, the train will leave at 7 a m., and tbe arrival of the train from Perth has been also altered to 7 30 p.m. These - changes are in force from Wednesday, 25th inst. 