WRITTEN IN RED; On, THE; CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE.' A STORY OF BOSTON. Bi COAs. MOorAGo? - N- C. W. DYAr. CHAPTER XV.--TnE TaINo HAS A DAne LooK. "Come in, Kingman. You are prompt. I'm ed morning and Detective Lamm at the theholdof his oiice was welcoming his friend the reporter. "Yes," said Thomas, unaware of thepeculia expression with which his associate regarded him. "Your note, left at the office, seemed to be arent." "Youare right. It wasurgent. Sit down." John Lamm locked the door and put the key in his pocket. And standing with his back against it, said, seriously Thomas, I have always considered you as an excellent detective. I have changed my mind." "mWell, what now ?" asked Thomans, uneasily, glancing keenly at his friend, and thereafter avoiding his gaze. 'This," said Lamm, measuring his words: the man who allows himself to be side tracked in an important case by a pretty face and a pair of blue eyes has a cardinal weakness that sooner or later is sure to tell against him in bnusiness." Thomas started, flushed, but controlled him self. " Did you go clear to New York to find that out?" "' have not been to New York," said Lasnm, quietly. " I have been here in Boston hard at work upon the latest and most curious fe, tare of the North case." Come," said Thomas, desperately, "say what you mean. Don't talk in riddles." "I mean that I know all about it, Thomas. I know that Kiagman F. Thomas, who has done in lil day as excellent detective work as any body in'the State, has at last fallen into the snare of the siren, and forgotten his duty. In .Jer words, he is in love with one of the u-?mci pls. .Instead of arresting her he guards her. While the police are searching every where for her, he has her secretly hidden in his own house right under their very noses, a?e comes to his best friend with a coolness th~t might (if he were a little less wary) have sed his work on the case." "John, you presume on your friendship," said Thomas, hotly. He had been nervously finering his watch charm, and alternating between white and red, throughout Lamm's quiet speech, but he now started up and faced the detective squarely. "You have no right to asname that there is any sentiment in the -matter. You go too far when you charge me with letting my personal feelings run away with my sense of duty. You don't'lnow what my object was-is." 'Ah, but pardon me, Kingman; I assume that I do. If it had been in the ordinary course of your professional business, you would have come tome with it for advice or assistance, just as you have always done when we have asso. ciated ourselves on a case before. There is only one reason why you didn't come; you were more than afraid that I would never approve of so rash a proceeding on your part, and you were resolved upon taking the stop at all hazards. In other words, Kingman, you were a little ashamed." Thomas iead regained control of himself. He drew himself up. " See here, John Lamm, we will leave my motives out of the question, if you please. I have protected the girl. I propose to continue to do so. She was in a hard place-a harder one than you know anything about. I should have been less than a man if I had neglected to do what I did. To have given her up under the circumstances would have been the height of cruelty. You wouldn't have done it your self. Every bit of circumstantial evidence was overwhelmingly against her. I determined to conceal her till I could discover at least proofs of her innocence sufficient to prevent her from theignominy of an arrest. Since you have dis covered the fact, there is no help for it. You must aid me to keep the secret." "Only upon one condition, IKingman. I must know all the facts." "And if I tell you everything, will-you give me your word of honour not to use it against her or hers ?" asked Thomas, with peculiar emphasis on the second pronoun. "But isn't that rather broad?" Lamm hesi tated. Thomas compressed his lips tightly. "This girl has confessed everything to me, ~Lamm, and in return 1 have given her my word to do everything in my power to protect her family from disgrace. There's no way out of it. You must promise me." "What do you mean ?" demanded Lamm, sternly. " Do von mean if I find that the murderer of Paul North is in her family Iam to keep it to myself ?" "Decidedly not," said Thomas. "But you must have proof, not appearances." "Oh, certainly," sad Lamm. " I agree to that. Hang the appearances in a case. They are seldom right. I use appearances only to enable me to get at the facts. But once I get at the facts, Thomas, understand me, it will make no difference whose family it is in. " "Very well," said Thomas, " we under stand each other. live me your hand on it." The two men shook hands over the compact, and sat down close together beside the de tective's desk. "In the first place," began Thomas, "it was Stella North who threw the pistol into the water at Swampscott on Sunday night and lien fled from her homeni." "I had guessed as much when I learned that North's shooter had been found." "At that time I hadn't the faintest idea Who the fugitive was, and when I recognised her on the Connecticut roadside I was nearly as much astonished as she was frightened. The first thing I thought was that she must be guilty. All her actions the headlong, precipitate flight; her terror " my appearance--all seemed to wear the look of criminality. She had fainted dead away, but she soon began to come to herself again. Thereupon I tied my horse to a tree, and drew ear into the woods, out of sight of passprs-by. She ,as so weak and emotional I believed her ripe for a onfession. Lamm. I fully expected at that moment to be rewarded for my efforts by a tremendous discovery. But I tell you, as I looked at the poor thin--hardly a woman yet dying there on the leave', pale, speechless, frightened nearly out of her nonses, I never felt so sorry for anybody in my life." " I know the feeling, said Lmm. " I'vehad it myself. But ge on." noa t :W ell, when she came to I began to talk to her. Of c'nrse therewas a scene. Sho broke down completely, and at her first words I under s-tood what I ought to have had sense enough to avekuown fromthoflrt--?thtbertaSrrwass°t on her own aceount. * Oh, don't let them Sby special arraserimset with ais·. arrest her!' she kept saying. ' Don't, 1 beg of you ! She's crazy ! She must be! She novel could have done it in her senses!' " "Oh,-ho!" exclaimed the detective. "Sister Marion, elh?" " ' Come.'. I said, ' tell me the whole story; it's the quickest way out of it. And I give you my word of honour I'll do what I can to help you.' But it was a long time beforeI was able to bring her to the point of trusting me. "I don't know how it was exactly, but she gradually-' 'iPhawtw!"'t said Lamm. "'Don't ethborast yourself. Skip it. 1 know what happened as well as yeou do. She was in deep distress. You were in earnest. She trusted you. Good. iWhat wa her story ?" " She didn't tell me the whole story at that time," said Thomas. "I stopped her when I knew the essential facts, for 1 realised her danger and incidentally my own. I impressed upon her the necessity of obeying meimplicitly. I told her there was but one way to save either herself or her sister, or both of them, from the ignominy of immediate arrest,. and all the attendant scandal. Frightened to death Lalmost, and shaking like a leaf, she acquiesced. I stowed her as comfortably as I could in th" bottom of the carriage, and covered her with a rug. Overcome with exhgustion, she, Ibelieve, actually slept all the way to Vernon. Outside the town I awoke her, made her get out, and told her to follow me at a distance, and to board the train that I took, but by no means to speak to me. She was veiled, and had enough money to purchase her ticket." " Capital!- You area shrewdono, Kingman. These precautions would never have occurred o another man." "' Ah ! I knew, you see, that the whole police force must be on her track by this time. As soon'cashe was missed from Swampscott, I knew they would be in full chase, and she, in her innocen;-, h. i left a trail as plain as the milky way." "Of .coursc, said Detective Lamm, signi fLcantly. "And so'' Thomhs continued, " I laid my plansaccordingly. We -rode to Boston sepa rately, and she followed me on foot on the other side of the street to my house. She was whiter than death when she came in; but if you know my mother you can imagine the reception she got. Five minutes' explanation to my mother was sufficient. She opened her arms tc the fugitive, and Stella North has been under her charge eversince." "Ah! and you, of course, got the whole story from the girl :" "That.night. There is no question.about her frankness or her honesty, If you could talk with her ten minutes you would be assured of that." " Undoubtedly. And now for the :facts. What are they ?" "Well, Lamm," said Thomas, "theto are two sets of facts-the immediate and the re mote. Whether the remote have any relation to the immediate I cannot tell. Nevertheless, you shall hear them first. To go back to Richard Fetridge-" "Of course," said Lamm. "Everything in the case seems to have a peculiar trick of going back to him." " Still, I am unable to say that he has any connection with this murder, Lamm. It's a mystery, old man, as you will soon see. Stella merely corroborates the facts that I have told you already about Fotridge's connection with the family. It was just as I said ; he was in love with Marion, but how far they went, whether they were actually engaged or not, nobody knows; not even Stella, for the fact comes out that Marion is a very peculiar woman." " Peculiar? Do you mean eccentric?" " Well, eccentric, perhaps," said Thomas, doubtfully. "What I mean is that she is ex ceedingly self-willed and self-reliant; that she is naturally secretive, dislikes to make con fdants, repels intercourse on topics near to her, dislikes to be sympathised with, and-is extremely sensitive about little things that ordinary people would pass unobserved. Esxagerate all these qualities to an unusual degree and you have the traitsthatmake Marion Stackhouse peculiar. If you call such a character eccentric, she's eccentric. If you mean, however, the eccen tricity that is allied to monomania or insanity, I fail to find that she has ever exhibited any traces. Iquestioned Stella veryparticularlyon this point-as to whether her sister was in the habit of taking queer freaks. She says it might seem so to anybody who was not familiar with her peculiar temperament, but she never knew her to do anything without the possibility of a reason therefor." " Just my idea of her exactly," said Lamm. "Anybody who has over I?'oked into the rest less eye of a maniac knows what it is. I have talked with Marion Stackhouse face to face. She is no more insane than I am." "I say this," continued Thomas, "to explain why it was that nobody knew whether Marion was really engaged to Fetridge. On account of the opposition of Mr. North, it would have been a secret, any way, to some extent, but Stella never knew. She only knows that they were together a great deal, till one night they presumably quarrelled, for his visits ceased abruptly. And the next thing Stella knew, the engagement to Stackhouse was announced." "Wasn't this a marriage from pique, then, such as we occasionally hear of?" "So I fancy, Lamm. Stella will not express her opinion to that effect, but I can see that she thinks so. Well, now, as to Fetridge coming hack into the family again since his return from Australia, it was just as we surmised, ostensibly to pay Stella some attentions ; but the girl de clares that he never spoke of love to her, though he had plenty of opportunity." " Which indicates," said Lamm, quietly, "' that Fetridge still came to see Marion, de spite her marriage to Stackhouse." ""So it would' seem; and that she regretted her hasty step in marrying, too soon. Well, out this is only speculation. To go on with facts: Fetridge's attentions to Stella were thoughtlessly received-the girl insists she has no other feeling for him than that of a pleasant acquaintance-but after his departure,on his recent business trip, the purpose of which we can't determine, it came to her ears that there was a great deal of gossip about their nssocia. tion. She determined to be more careful in the future. The day before the' murder, Fetridge reaeppeared at the house. It would seem that the instant he got home he canme to the N'orth household. He began to lay out plans at once to go hither and yon with the girl. But the poor thing's suspicions were arousedby her long month of reflection. She determined not to be made a catspaw of for any purpose, and at ,the first opportunity-having summoned iup the necessary courage-she broached the tabooed subject to her sister." -. " What time of the day was this?" - "It seems to have been about the middle of the afternoon. Marion was not feeling very well. She was lying down, and Stella was sitting beside her with a fan. Marion intro duced Fetridgu's name herself, making some inquiries about his visit of the previous even ing. Then Stella made so bold as to ask her advice, and finally told her what herauspicions were." "But you don't mean-" "Simply that Fetridge pretended to pay attentions to her (Stella) for theaske of appear ances, and that his'real object was -to be near MLarioL." "Whew! Knowing the woman, I can imagine the result." "Eaily. But Stclla wafs innocent enough. She merely intended to give her sister a well meant warnlng. Mation receivedit as an in sult. 'It isa jealous li,' she cries into the ears of the itonished Stella. ,'Richard Fet ridge never ieant to marry me;- never cared a: feather for me. If ynu bad'asked me. I could have told you so. Bt since you thought it better to play the spy on me, why, 1'll prove it toyou.'.- And, wth a great emphasis on the word prove, she dashed out of the room." " This woman is curious. No doubt about it. But her conscience troubles her, and she's jeaos of Fetridge. There's no other explana tiao of this line of conduct." ' "Ah, well," said Thomas, doubtfully, "ift Marion had married Staeckhouse purely from pique, and had been carrying on the hollow mockery for a whole year because she was too proued to betray what she suffered to any living soul. it seems that there might be enough inflamnmable material tohsr emotional nature to get up a good blaze at the first spark. Don't you think so?" " Quite likely. It's logicallg put, anyhow, But about these proofs that Fetridge didn't care for her. I am anxious to know the nature ot them." " So am I; but unfortunately they dis. appear from my story with this reference to them. Stella naturally supposed Marion went upstairs to get something. Imagine her serurise, five minutes later, to see her driving' off in a carriage. In a short. time the coachman came back. . Mrs. Stucikhouse, he said, had sone to Boston. Steslia begun to be exceedingly alarmed. What in the world could have occasioned this sudden freak she could not imagine. That her sister was terribly: angr she' saw, and the insane idea that perhaps she intended to tell Richard Fetridao what had been said drove the poor irl quite distracted,- She followed Marion to be city in the nezttrain, and searched every where for her. It was after six when she arrived, and all the places of business were closed. This circumstance only increased the girl's alarm. She began to have what she calls a presentiment of evil. There were threeplaces in town where she thought her sister might be-the houses of three friends. One of them was away out in Roxbury. She made the rounds, exciting everywhere wonder and concern; but sce abruptly refused all efforts of escort. It was getting later and later all th." time. Already it was dark, and the street lights were burning. Suddenly she remembered that Marion had the keys to the house in Marlboro street. There was a bare possibility that she had gone th-re iu quest of the roofs she had so mysteriously mentioned. Stella sot herselflin that direction. It must have been about half past nine o'clock when she approached the place and saw-what do you think ? Marion Stacthouse coming down the steps !" The imperturbable John Lamm- for once lost his aq. freoid. He sprang to his feet, and brought his hand down with a crash upon the top of his desk. "Good heavens !" he cried. "And all this time you have been concealing this from me!" CHAPTER XVI.-Cosermaucvr! "It is significant to you, then?" Thomas asked uneasily, with a taint smile. "Oh, certainly not," returned John Lamm, sarcastically. "it doesn't mean anything. But don't delay. How did Marion act? What did she have to say for herself ?" The detective, instead of resuming his seat, begn to walk about the room with his hands behind him. "She hadn't anything to say, for herself,' returned Thomas. "That's just the trouble. She acted queer- queerer than Stella had over seen her act in her life," " How queer ?" "As the girl expresses it, she seemed like a person walking in her sleep. She spoke to Stells but in a mechanical way, as if her mind were quite elsewhere all the time. They went back to the depit and rode out to Swampscott together." " Do you mean to say that Marion expressed no surprise when she saw Stella in the street?" "Momentarily she seemed aroused, but as soon as Stella began to account for herself she relapsed into her 'frozen' condition again." " What a woman she is !" " She was not strong enough to conceal from her sister that something terrible had hap pened. She was so dazedand unnatural that the young girl was frantic with apprehension." "Of course, this places it beyond a doubt that Marion had either killed her legal father or had seen him killed.' " But, my dear Lamm, I can't entertain the first idea for a minute. What possible mqtive could there be for her?" "It is to be determined simply by the fact of whether the girl was alone in the house that night.' '" "Ah, precisely. That is what I am workihg to find out. Well, Lamm, on the whole journey home, Marion Stackhouseo had but two sentences to utter which seem to have any bearinng upon the case. The first was when Stella made some mention of Stackhouse. ' Never speak to me of that man again,' said Marion, fiercely- 'Heo is not my husband.' And again, just before they got to the house, seizing her sister's wrist, ' Stella,' she whispered, 'Do you want to see me in my grave ? Then never tell a living soul where I have been.' " "Thunder and guns!" ejaculated Lamm. "That woman is the princess of mysteries. Doesn't it strike you a little peculiar that she should continue to assert that Stackhouso is not her husband? Mind you, she always puts it in that way. I have heard her say it myself. 'He is not my husband.' Now, why shouldn't she say, ' I refuse to live with this man any longer,' not for ever, ' He is not my husband.' Wasn't the marriage public?" " To be sure it was. The marriage occurred in St. Paul's Church, in the presence of hundreds of people.'" Lamm came and placed his hand softly on the reporter's shoulder. "You don't imagine, Thomas," he questioned below his breath, "that she had been secretly married to this man Fetridge previous to his departure for Australia?" ' What an idea !" cried Thomas, amused, "You seeem anxious to give her a monomania on the marriage question. If married already to Fetridge what earthly reason could induce her to marry Stackhouse ? It seems to me you have got a complication there not likely to arise in any well-regulated family." " Perhaps. But I've gone far enough in this case to know that there is something different behind it to anything I ever met with in all my life before. But to go on. Of course Stella is frightened to death by Marion's reference to the grave, and refrained from telling anybody where she had seen her, until ou So you might know by the way things have gone on. She was scared enough that night, you may be sure, but the next day when the news came of the murder you can imagine the effect. There seems to have been a great scene between the sisters. Stella came out horrified at Marion's calmness. Marion would tell her absolutely nothing ex. cept such enigmatical sentences as these: 'I am not responsible. The alffair is out of my hands. Justice will overtake the guilty. Let me alone. If you betray me I shall kill myself. You surely do not believe me capable tsr any cause of killing a man who has taken the place of my own father. I loved Father North as well as you did. I could not have harmed him if I had hated him'-all of which was scarcely calculated to appease Stella's agony of apprehension. I. was not, however, till the young girl discovered that her sister was sleeping with her father's pistol under her pillow that she quite lost her head, and be. lieved that Marion was really guilty." "What! The weapon that killed Paul North?" asked the detective, almost helpless with amazement. "Presumably, since she must have brought it with her from the Marlboro street house the night of the murder, and one of its barrels had been recently discharged." "What a nerve that woman has!" mur. mured the detective. "And how in the world did Stella make the discovery?" "I'll tell you, Lamm. It was in the middle of the night on Saturday. The body of the mur dered ian had been brought home, and it lay in the hall below stairs ready for the funeral. You can imagine the 'effect on this young girl, who is of an affectionate disposition, and whose life up to this time had been one merry smile. Everything goes to show that she was the petted darling of her father. Of course, however fond and proud anybody might have been of Marion, she was scarcely the person to be made a pet of. And with this awful cloud of horror and suspicion weighing upon her, Stella could not sleep. The ghost of the poisoned lKing of Donmark was no more real to Hamlet than was the spirit of her father, threatening with awful finger the per perrators of his woeful murder, to this young girl. Her fears for Marion under the weight of the night became absolutely appatlling. Though not what is called a rehgious grl, Stella could no longer trust to any earthly aid. She resolved to go and pray by Marion's bedside." "Naturalenough in this eighteen-year-old girl," commentedthe detective. " It was the last effort, you understand, to obtain contrition from the woman who had been impervicusto to the most piteous appeals,' the most solemi entreaties. The poor girl went and found her sister's door unlocked. She approached the bedside. It seems that Marion was asleep, but liher sleep was light; her dreams perhaps troubled, for she sprang up suddenly with an awful cry and grasped Sitella by the shoulders, demanding in a tone that nearly frightened her sister out of her senses, 'Vhat do you want? What do you wantp' She shook her so that Stella made a frantic effort to get away. In the struggle the pillow was dragged from the bed and some thing beneath it fell wnth a crash. Marion by this time awoke to a realisation of her osur roundings. She sprang out of bed with a haste that could not escape Stelln's observation, ad picked up the something which had fallen. 'What is it?' demands the startled Stolla. 'Nothing,' replies Marion. 'What is the matter, dear?' 'to backto your bed and I will come to you.' But no. Affairs had reached a climax now where suspicion must either he allayed or confirmed. Marion was contused and dismayed by the sudden trans formation in her sister, and before she could regain control of herself the hand of the younger girl came in contact with the cold steel. 'it is father's pistol,' whispered Stella, in what state of mind you mray insngine. 'Don't deny it, Marion:.vou hIve been sleeping with it under you.' 'I won't ideny it,' said Marion, ecn. siderably disturbed. 'But why will you in sanely Insist upon knowing things which it would be better for your peace of mind to remain ignorant of t' " "And all this time It was quite dark in the room?" Lamm asked. "Absolutely. Stella's conclusion that Marion held her father's pistol was one of those in tuitise leaps at correct conclusions that are peculinr to women. And thereupon, almost crazy with terror, Stclla cries out, ' You killed him,Marion! Itwasyourownhand.' Ofcourse, the moment the words were outof her lips she was penitent for having uttered them. ' Stalls,' says Marion, tremblingly, 'your mad sus picions are indiscreet. Do you suppose I could sleep in this house where the man who has given me all that I possess except life is lying dead, if the guilt of his death were at my door? And are you the sime girl who used to cudidie dii i. u in nmy arms in the old days and tell. me that you lured me better than any one in the world exceplt apa P Toll me, do you re member whu? [ owe to this man who was more than a father to me ? Have you for. gotten who it was that nursed him in-hlid last Ilhless because she couldn't bear to have a hired nurse profane him with unsympathetic' hands? Can you recall ever in my life a slrglo expression of ini.ititudt -' ' " '" oh h!" iterruped the detective. "That is all very well for Stell,,, but foramo it is' necessary to b- told h1I,t she beeaiue pcerePrede of that pistol which was supposed to be locked in Paul North's desk in Marlboro street." " Unfortunatelv," returned Thomas un easily, " she neither explained nor apologised for her conduct. You know what womten are. Stella's heart, which is not located far from the surface, was touched. She began to cry and to plead for forgiveness. And then Marion forgave her; but justas soon as Stella began to beg for an explanation the woman said to her very coldly, ' Go to your aunt, dear. What you want is somebody to drfy your teatstand soothe you. I am no comforter tn a time like this, and I certainly shall not tell you things which would only add to your worry and distress.' And she did go to her aunt; not to make a confidante of her, but to begfor consolation and sympathy." " And this scene between the girls ended in nothing, then ?" " It ended just as I have told you. But Stella, though she tried her best, could not repress her anxiety. She was unable to bear the strain before her eyes the spectacle of the officers entering the house and dragging Marion of to prison. In view of all these facts, is there anything strange in her eventual action ? The funeral was scarcely over, and the family returned to the house, when she hasted to Marion's room, took the revolver, and fled-a headlong, terror-stricken flight. Her first idea was to put the evidence of Marion's guilt out of sight. She throw it into the water, little thinking that I was watching her. She says that she had no clear idea what she was doing, or where she was going; but she had determined never to go back to the house. She felt that she could never face her sister again. In the train to Boston she be thought herself of some friends in Hartford, whereshehadoftenvisited, and had always been welcome. For that cityshethereforesetout, only to find that the house was closed, and her friends gone to the beach for the summer. By this time she was almost crazy from fright, lack of sleep and food, for she had been able neither to eat nor rest since the news of the murder. Heaven knows what would have bo come of her if accident had not put me upon her trail! Such is the story of Stella North; and in view of it, John Lamm, I want to know if you blame me for what I have done?" " I blame Son for only one thing, Thomas," said Lamm, earnestly; "and that -was for being afraid to trust me with your secret." " How did 1 know in what light you would view itl " returned the reporter,. uneasily. " You are always so matter-of-fact and business.like. And, of course, I am perfectly aware that my present position is quite the reverse of business.like." " Hang the position !" exclaimed John Lamm. " That's your affair. It's the in. wardness of the North case that I'm looking after, and your stary has given me a wonderful pushahead." The detective took ,ut his note-book, dis figured with his peculiar hieroglyphics, and began at once making additions, corrections, and reflections, quite as if the problem before himn had been one in mathematics, and could be proved by applying some of the advanced rules of the higher arithmetic. "Well," said Thomas, after he had watched him in silence for some minutes, "what is your theory?" "Nhone, Thomas," returned the detective, quickly. "What is yoursP" "That Marion is trying to shield somebody from the results of a capital offence." "And that somebody is ?" "Either Fetridge or Stackhouse." " With a leaning towards -" "Fetridge," saad Thomas. "But I should like to know which of the menwont to the house that night, if either-before expressing any deep conviction." "Ah, quite so. And that I propose to ascer. tlain. But go on, Kingman. Your conclusions are always logical, and they interestmefor that reason. There is no crime without a motive. What was the motive ?" "My dear fellow," said Thomas, "that is inust the mistake made by criminal theorists. But you end I know that the majority of murders are done without adequate motives. 'Few men in these days plot to kill. They kill when they are insane with rum or jealousy, a to defend themselves." " You emphasise that, I see!" "Because I have thought it right along," said the reporter. "The fact that ths bullet must have been fired from a point lower down than an erect man naturally canies his hand leads me to believe that the murderer of Paul North was on his knees, and it is logical to presume from that that he had been knocked down." "Clever!" said John Lamm, with genuine admiration. "Clever, and just like you, Thomas. Of course we can thitk of hundreds of reasons why North might have knocked down his partner, whoso advice had ruined him-for North was steady enough before he came under Stackhouso's influence-or why he should have knocked down an importunate gentleman who Night have been trying to deceive his daughter." "Precisely," agreed Thomas. "And then," said Lamm, slowly, "you throw the idea of a most deliberate and cunningly-laid conspiracy of murder for security and revengeout of the question." " Conspracy?'.' echoed Thomas. " Conspiracy I" said John Lamm.. Thomas looked like a donbtful man who would be very glad to become convinced. "Yes," said John Lamm in a tone of deep conviction, "I am willing to stake my pro. feesional reputation at this stage of the case on the prediction that this murder of North is a conspiracy-either for ruining Stackhouse or for revenge upon Paul Noth." " And-the girl is in it ?" murmured Thomas, apprehensively. " Certainly. the girl is in it. To be sure the girl is in it. You can't alter that fact to save your life. For good, bad, or indifferent pur noses -MarionStackbouso planned the game. Whose band carried it out Iwon't say at this time; but I am convinced of one thing-it originated in her mind." o Why, John Lamm ? Why ?' demanded Thomas, aghast. "Because I always look to the character of the person to correspond to the sature of the crime. There is nobody else in this little coter'e capable of originating a crimo, so cunningly con ceved, so admirably executed." " What do you mean ?" "What do I mean!" echoed the detective. " Good heavens, Thomas, where are your eyes? Can't youn see that in every step we have taken we have been baffled, misled, made fools ofl Do you imagine Paul North would have gone to his town house, shut up as it was for the summer, unless he had been enticed there? The writing of Stackhouse's name on the wall proves con elusively to my mind that Stackhouse did not do it. Why, how absurdit is! The medical ox nmination gives 180 seconds as a limit to North's life after he was shot. Do you suppose if Stackhouse had shot him he would have run away before assuringi himself tat ihe was dead ? Would he have lot North write his name on the wall ? If North had done it, wouldn't he have smeared it out again? Why, of course he would. And in this name upon the wall is.athe animns of the whole matter. There we o'see the fangs and the teeth of the serpent-the bitter, deadly enmity that underlies the whole scheme. That the entire obiect was revenge upon Stackbouse I do not believe. It is too roundnbouti and too dangerous a method of revenge; but that the perpetrators of the deed hated that man-why, the fact is as clear as sunlight. Now, wshoalt tes Stackhouse? Who on the day of the discovery of the crime drove him from her side, from the house, knowing full well-nay, triumphantly welcoming the fact in so many \vord--that asuch au act would only deepen the suspicion about him ? Who, with Pliul Niorth alive, was not free to meet the man he really loved; anti who, Paul N'orth dead, and Stackhou e out of the way, might reunite herself with her guilty lover? Who, for no cause but one that utnder such circumstances we can understand, flies into a passion of anger at theo remonstrance of an itnocent girl, and is so excitedl by the impending crime that she cannot keep herself away from the scene ?" "Stop! Don't goon !" 