TIIE SUICIDE. Thai man was once as handsome as yon, With the frankest. face and thchappicstheart, And they spoke of what he was .sure to do, Of the bravc-soiilod way he'd play his part In the trials and struggles awl strifes of men; They said these things and they thought them— then. You see him. now. with his Moated face Ami his unkempt heard and his vulpine eyes, While his trembling lingers, t wining, trace " Th?gnmc, as the roulette lines or flics; And the gray, gaunt look, that at limes gives To an awful, apathetic gloom. A sullen, cynical, shameless sneer Has altered that .sensitive mouth's proud i Those roving eyes, once bright and clear With a quick surmise or a sunny verve, Are dulled and bloodshot, or only glow With the greed ami envy that gamblers know. His brain once burned with a high intent, His soul was shaping out noble ends, And all the dreams of his life were blent With love, and honor, and fame, ; friends. Ami these are the heaviest stones thai roll To seal the grave of that murdered soul. Yes: look at him well as lie reels away With a muttered curse and a savage gl The outer temple in dread decay, Tim inner altar profaned and hare ; Haunted by phantoms with gibing face— Hopes cast away and ungarneml giace ; Duf. to-night, when he reaches his squalid den, .Some tucinoiy flashes across his brain ; He recalls himself a man, among men ; And his nerves arc stung by inteusest pain : And, ♦4 Lost—Oh, my Uoifl All lost," he said: And thev find him there, iu the morning dead ! Do you know that a woman did all of this, A* woman he loved with his whole sours strength r Who gave him her red, curled mouth to kiss, And called him lover, until, at length, She left him,as .Samson was left of old, Shorn of his strength r Well, his story's told. Only a woman ! Otih/, you say ! Do you know the might of those little hands r Du vou know thev c:m torture and starve and slay : Can soar men's souls as with burning brands? Can scatter the seeds of a pestilent blight. Drearer thau Death and darker than Xight V Oh, 1 wonder whether, when men shall rise To give an account at the End of Days, His mother shall meet those siren eyes With unspeaknbli' stern, yet mournful gaze, And a judgment ask, in atonement just I'or that ruin—wrought by caprice and lust! Well, the world wags on, yet, mctliinks, to night That the silence si^eaks and the room is cros't Pv a Ghost. Quick! Strike that light I Tor the air is echoing: " Lost, lost, lost!" And I feel, with a voiceless and utter dread, That my soul hath bilked with the man lying dead. John* !Moiiax, in ihc 'byonmtf. 