THE g,A. BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. (Abridged from The Advertiser). Mr. A. S. Neill, J.P., the retiring President of the Baptist Association, entertained at a thoroughly enjoyable social gathering in the North Adelaide Institute on Monday evening, October 12, ministers, delegates, Sunday-school superintendents and teachers, deacons, elders, and other prominent officials and workers to the number of between 400 and 500. The hall was tastefully decorated with elegant drapicg3 and a wealth of floral loveliness. The host and Mrs. Neill received the guests at the entrance, and some time was spent in unrestrained acquaintance making or renewing and friendly greetings. Then the President stated the object of the assembly, which was to inaugurate the annual meetings of the denomination. He introduced the Rev. G. Hill, M.A., of Collins Street Baptist Church, Melbourne, who, after a warm welcome in a happy vein, gave his first impressions of Australian heartiness and hospitality, and, blending humour with wisdom, offered some valued advice. The Rev. G. Hogben, of Magill, Vice-President, spoke briefly of the beneficial effect of such assemblages of Christian labourers. As a working man the brother of the President-elect dealt with the relations of the Churches to the working classes. Mr. W. Neill, J.P., followed with a terse address upon the duties of church officers. Musical contributions from Mrs. H. H. Norman and Mrs. F. W. Oldham were much appreciated, Mrs. Hay acting as efficient accompanist. The proceedings, after a warm acknowledgment moved by Mr. G. S. \- Fowler, J.P., seconded by Mr. C. H. Goode, J.P., closed with singing and prayer. The annual meetings of the Baptist Association were continued in the Flinders-street lecture-hall on Tuesday. In the morning a meeting for ministers only was held, and in the afternoon some formal matters were delt with at the usual business session. In the evening there was a Zenana supper, at which Mrs. W. E. Rice presided, and spoke of the excellence of the work undertaken in connection with the Ztnana mission. Miss Pappin, a missionary who has been absent from Furzeedpore for some time, ieai letters from Misses Tuck, and Parsons showing the work which had been done while she.had been away. A class for high class Hindoo girls had been established, while schools had been opened for members of the poorer classes who were taught the truths of Christianity. Good work was also being accomplished in connection with the Sunday-schools.. She regretted that only one had responded to her request for more workers. She had been in 60 places and had addressed 120 meetings, but liad been unable to gain the promise of any one to leturn with her. The Bev. G. Hill. M.A., also spoke and strongly urged upon the meeting the claims of the mission to hearty support. Miss Arnold, another missionary, like-wise addressed the gathering. Suitable singing was given at intervals, and there was a good attendance. The meetings were continued on Wednesday, The report oE the jubilee fund wrs read by Mr. Q. Stow ^ffiitf), which showed that tLe total amount contri buted had been £12,000. This had been formed into a building fund. The capital of the fund stood at £12,516 10s. 2d. Twenty-eight churches were now receiving benefit from the fund, and with one exception all amounts authorised by the managers had been duly I paid over. Applications had been received from eight churches for existing debts amounting to £1,020. Of this amount £100 had been paid; the balance would be discharged on receipt of the John Martin bequest (£1,000, less 10 per cent, duty), which their managers hoped to receive in November next. The balance-sheet of the association building fund, which was presented by Mr. C. H. Goode, was as follows—Cr. to capital, £2,234 10s. lOd. ; expenses fund, £11 18B. 4d. Dr. by S.A. Baptist Jubilee fund,'£2,289 5s. 9d.; balance Savings and Federal Banks, £7 12s. 9d. The report of the aged ministers' relief fund, presen ted by Mr. W. Neill, showed that the income had ex ceeded the disbursements by £97, which had added to the capital. The capital and reserve now amounted to £2,901, and the fund held at credit of ministers in the endowment branch was £710. This amount was less than laBt year owing to the withdrawal of one minister who had left the colony. The number of ministers at present connected with the fund was 18. Life policies held amounted to £3,100, as against £2,300 last year. It was agreed to appeal to the churches to increase the amount of this fund, so as to make it more adequate to the purpose intended. The annual report of the committee was read by the Rev. W. E. Rice. After refer ring to ministerial changes and settlements during the year, the report went on to say :—The only new minister who has come amongst us during the year is the Bev. D. Davis, now pastor of the church at Orroroo, The work - at Broken Hill South and west under the care of Bev. E. J. Tuck has been of a most encouraging nature. A church building has been erected in each place, and at Broken Hill South not only erected,* but enlarged during the year. Churches have been formed, many outsiders gathered in, and much interest awakened in the work generally. A preaching station as also been opened at Broken Hill North. New churcheB have been erected at Clare and and at Blackrock.and in both instanceshave been opened free of debt. At Mount Barker school and class rooms have been erected at a cost of some £300, and also opened free of debt. Proposals are under consideration for the erection of a new church at Port Pirie. College work has been again resumed. Three young men (Messrs. H. E. Hughes, E. B. Turner, aud J. B. Wallbank) have been accepted as students, and are now under the tutorial of the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and the Bev. W. Bell, M.A. Tne denominational library had increased to 852 volumes. The finance report shewed that grants to churohes bad been made to the amount of £639, and that the year closed with a balance due to the treasurer of £129. At this juncture Mr. A. S. Neill vacated the chair in favor of Bev. G. Hogben, who delivered an address on the power of the Holy Ghost. The report of Truth and Progress showed that magazine to be in a healthy condition. A proposal to issue the same fortnightly iB to be considered. In the evening the Rev. G. Hill preached a sermon on the glory of Christ, which was followed by a communion service at which the Kev. L. Shackleford presided. On Thursday, the letters from the churches were read. The report of the Lay Preacher's Association was presented. It was agreed to forward an expression of condolence to the family of the late Mr. G. Prince. A resolution of sympathy with Mr. Spurgeon was also carried and it was agreed to invite him to visit the Colonies. A hearty welcome was accorded to the Revd. G. Hill, of Melbourne, and to the Bevd. E. Davies, from New South Wales, now settled at Orroroo. Mr. W. Neill moved—' That we view with alarm the growth of gambling habits in this and other English speaking communities; that we protest against any encouragement being given by the State or by the press to an evil which has been declared by magistrates to be a most fruitful source of crime ; and that we call upon all Christian people to help in fostering a healthy public conscience, and to hold their own hands clean in this matter.' He said they had evidence of the wide-spread of the evil; and in the old country judges, magistrates, clergyra p n, governors of prisons, and police authorities concurred in testifying to the enormous increase of the gambling spirit and practice; In the colonies it had spread, and in South Australia the greater frequency of race meetings now than formerly was owing to the totalizator, without which they could not be carried out. A recent writer had said there were two popular gambling hells in England, the race meeting and the stock exchange. He protested against encouragement being given to the evil by either t'ae State or press. The Rev. C. F. Smith seconded the motion, which was carried. It was resolved that it should be a recommendation to the association committee to arrange for the Government to be approached prior to the running of the next Adelaide Cup to protest against the day being proclaimed a public holiday. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year : Yice-president, Mr. J. Yiner Smith ; general secretary, Rev. W. E. Rice; treasurer, Mr. G. S. Fowler; finance secretary, Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B ; minute secretary, Mr. R. W. M. Waddy; auditors, Messrs. H. Bowen and J. S. Scott ; librarian, Mr. J. Ellis. The managers of the building fund and the committee of advice were re-elected, and the college committee, with the exception of Mr. J. Yiner Smith, was reappointed, Mr. G. S. Fowler being chosen to fill the vacant position. The Rev. A. E. Green moved—' That in view of the extensive evils of the drink traffic in this colony this association expresses its sincere and hearty sympathy with all organisations trying in any way to cope with and lessen these evils.' Rev. J. Boyling seconded the motion, which was carried. The annual tea and public meetings were held at Flinders- street Church on Thursday evening. Mr. G. S. Fowler occupied the chair, and stated that the deficiency in the association funds of £130 had been cleared through a generous donors. Me urged the desirability of raising more money, in order that tbe salaries of the ministers might be increased. Miss Hughes sang a solo, after which a most eloquent address was given by the Bev. G. Hill, M.A., of Melbourne, which evoked much enthusiasm. Bev. Mr. Tuck gave an account of the work at Broken Hill in a humorous and pathetic address. The Bev. A. Metteis spoke in the interests of the northern churches, after which votes of thanks were passed. 