(Echo** mtb jMfchaea VERDANT GREEN AND THE CROW. Tonne Verdant saddled his bone at the rail, Saddle and bridle, and cropper, were new; Brand new was his breastplate and surcingle, While Verdant himself might well pass for that too. His spurs had no speck, and were long in the neck, His leggings and suit they were all above par. But a cunning old crow—who seemed in the know— Croak'd mockingly," Ah-r-r, You are greener than grass, so you a-r-r." Grown dirty, of course, when he'd saddled his hone, He brush'd off the dust from his sleeves and his boots, „ ... He brnsh'd off the flies, which wouldcling round his Addressing them thus, " O, yon horrible brates!" But here a tame black ambled out with a snack— for Verdant would meet with no public-house And a water-bag (new), which seem'd dripping with That crow, when he saw it, croak'd," A-h-r, It will leak dry before you get f-a-r." To saddle's side D his new water bag he And luncheon secured with a small piece of twine, He took from his pocket, then mounted gTey Bocket In order to visit an old copper mine. Then the Overseer cried, ' 'fake good care where yon ride; For mulgas and myalls bad finger-posts are, Which, often indeed, green new-comers mislead." That crow, as he took wing, croakM, " A-h-r, These new chums are choice snacks, they a-r-r." The weather was hot, but the flies—a large lot— With Verdant elected to go, in a cluster; And though he objected no chanoe they neglected In all his moist cuticle's crannies to muster. Hat nearly all fun was that tide in the sun, And poor Verdant's feelings received quite a jar When bom a dead mulga, with air rude and vulgar, That crow gave an insolent" A-r-r, m have you, my tit-bit, Ah I ah-rl" Then somehow or other, perhaps from the bother . Our Verdant endured from that crow and those flies. Be got oS the track and then could not get back. Though he cantered grey Bocket to rise after rise, To see something hoping, the nest moment moping, Till Ah I he is certain ne bears a kheepba-a; Then hastens to find it and he who may miBd it— lis that fiend crow, which greets him with " A-h-T, Ton are lost now, you fool, yes, yon a-r-r ." 1 That greets him with r and a grating e-r T&cJted; on to the firot r, confound him. Though Green fears the wont, and is certainly lost, How he'd jump oa that vile crow and pound him. •hi the hideous tiling, like some imp on the wing. And with eye gleaming oat from its head, black as tar, Bow it gloats o'er hig pain, and again and agate . Just settles to greet nim with ** A-h-r, Ton are bound to be crow's meat, yon a-r-r." Now Bocket, who's not in condition to trot • And canter for ever and ever on end, Just feels like a log, and at last will not jog, Though his spurs like two drumsticks are plied by oar friend. Us a terrible fix—oneof Satan's own trifles— And Verdant now *hinfc» bow his pa and bis ma Will weep for their cherished and loved heir who perished— Thai crow, all exultant, croaks," A-h-T, J'H have you before your ma-m-a." The horse at last stops, and poor Verdant Green To hiTSet, by the side of grey Socket, to think; But think be can not, nor one landmark can spot: There's the bag though I Hell have a big drink- Hell have a big drink—he of luncheon don't think- But the bag is as dry as I bear limekilns are, That constant drip dnpping, has left not one drop in. 0 that crow, like a demon croaks, " A-h, You are ready for picking, you a-r." " O, you'll have to die, and ni have your eyes, And also that pair oMtockets, of course; I dote on frah eyett and a corpce is a prize 1 prefer to the pnmest dead bullock or boise. But ah! what is that? Tis the stockrider's hat, And the stockrider under it. O what a jar Is tw« for the crow; but, as homeward they go. He grinds out die ghost of his former " A-h-r"— A woebegone gizzard—wrung " r-r-r.' August Si, 1891. Ku BRl'CR Here ia a nice little titbit for those people who are eo fond of wrestling with figures. Supposing Capt. Cook in 1770 landed in New Zealand a buck and a doe rabbit, who vith their progeny increased at the rate of four litters of five each per annum, each litter consisting of a buck and four does capable of breeding at nine months old, with an average mortality of nineteen per annum, how many mbbits would there be in 1891 ? I give it up, I have such a 'eadache after the baU. Apropos of Mr. H. E. Downer's staggering statement that the legal profession discouraged litigation, the following caustic bit in the Sydney Bulletin is worth the hon. member's consideration:—" The lawyer exists in the first place to expound the law. There is absolutely no reason why the law should want to be expounded at great expense any more than a newspaper. If the law were made to be as simple and as easy of comprehension as a decently written newspaper, then the rae^, of lawyers would beoome extinct; and if the newspaper were made as dark and profound and complicated as the law, then a new race of practitioners would arise, and would charge many guineas for revealing the hidden meaning of an item about a drunk being fined five t=h tilings." Anent the return ball, this sporting opinion is worth having:—"A swift girl may go threeqnarteiB of a mile in a waltz, and fourteen miles on a full card." Mr. J. H. Symon. Q.C., has the politest way of dropping a man's (dice with the butter side downwards that I ever saw. Here is au example. In his reply to Mr. Kingston's address in on appeal case the other day, he said, with his usual suavity:—"I have never been more deeply interested in any matter than I have been in my learned friend's logical and subtle argument, which, however, was based upon an assumption not supported by the evidence nor borne out by the law." That is buttering a man's slice and dropping it on the floor. Mr. Symon is an adept at polished satire, which is frosty but not unkindly. 