REV. CHARLES CLARK'S , LECTURES. DICKENS' CHRISTMAS CAROL. It may well be said that the Rev. Charles Clark kept back his masterpiece for his final effort. His lecture last evening on Dickens' Christmas Carol" was listened to by an audience that filled every available portion of the spacious Town Hall. Included therein were the Governor and Lady Hamilton and party from Government House. It was claimed for Dr. Russell, the celebrated War Correspondent of The Times, and was accounted the highest mood of praise that could be bestowed upon him, that so vivid wore his descriptive articles the readers seemed to hear the rattle of the bullets, the cheers of the men as they rushed onward to victory in fact, to see clearly the whole struggle. The same palm may be awarded Mr. Clark for each of his lectures, but for the .>/-.i,,!»«...,,., royal " .""...,",»t¡",,i",i" ii,;" " Christmas carol more particularly, in my hands the characters in the story wore beings not of imagination but of reality, tim scones required no cudgelling of the imagination by the audience, for they were plainly before them. Mr. Clark stood up and the Town Hall vanished. In its place they saw the old dingy o (li co of "Scrooge and Marjory." Marley had been dead seven years, but Scrooge faced them. From that moment until the conclusion of the lecture he never disappeared. With an irresistible fascination they followed him through crowded and foggy streets, and the torches played before their very eyes. The dingy chambers in which Scrooge lived loomed up dark and dismal, and the ghost of Marley seemed to stand upon the very platform. Then commenced the display of ability which has left, Mr. Clark without a compeer as a descriptive lecturer. The ghost of "Christmas Past" in his hands was a reality, and FczziwigB party and dance on Christmas Eve were re enacted with a vividness that their, creator would himself have enjoyed, ayo; o von' applauded. " Christmas Present afforded the most scope for the lecturer to display his undoubted powers of impersonation. Bob Cratchit's goes, the wonderful pudding. Tiny Time's touching remarks, and blind man's buff at Scrooge's nephew's, wore parts in which merriment and pathos blended. They were rendered with such inimitable gesture, facial expression, and tone of voice, that it was a pleasure when outbursts of hearty op plause relieved the high state of tension to which the audience had been wrought, The spirit "Christmas of the Future" was perhaps more tragic than its predecessors, but no onocouldfollowits wandering«,whonde.scrilé.1 as they were last night, without feeling the better for doing so. If more could see and hear them, as Mr. Clark alone can picture the scenes, there would be loss of selfishness, and more of good-will among men that at present exists, even in these enlightened times. Nothing that could be said further would add to Mr. Clark's reputation, and it is superfluous to praise where but one opinion exists, that none but himself can be his parallel." Mr. Clark lectures in Launceston to-night, but will give Hobart people another opportunity of revelling in Dickens' gems on March 12 