NOTES AND COMMENTS Nothing fresh can be said about the weather, except that the wind has been somewhat stron ger and the temperature higher than during the previous week. Monday and Tuesday were not and disagreeable, with a little dust, which some "weather prophets" say is a sign of rain to come. The barometer appears rather too high and too steady for such a welcome change. The dry weather seems to have favoured the increase of inseot pests, and complaints oome from every part of the colony of the prevalence of aphides (generally desonbed as " blight") upon vegetable crops, and especially upon peach, apricot, ana nectarine trees. Cereal crop9 in the Far Northern Areas still continue very promising, and herbage is very abundant; but the southern half of the colony will be very deficient of forage for Btook of all kinds unless a very large area is at once put under maize and sorghum. It is very probable that there will be Borne good heavy summer rainB, and every one who has been disappointed in his hay crop this season should sow maize or some variety of sorghum. It is always best to sow it in drills thirty inches apart, thin oat to eight inches and twelve inches respectively for sorghum and maize. Use the hoe often, but do not hoe deeply. Soak the seed for twenty. ; four hours before sowing, if the soil is not too dry, and roli the land directly after sowing. When the plants show plainly, use the hoe. If only one good shower falls after this the success of the crop is assured. If the land is , fairly rich it will be all the better for the weight of the crop. The Melbourne Leader says" Itisreported that the Igco weed has found its way to Australia from America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattlesnake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish, and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green, and grows in small bunches or handfuls, and scatters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad, and travels about not a little. Loca lities where it this season flourishes in abun dance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come. Tim prime property of the loco is to produce in sanity in men and animals who partake of it. Animals— mules, horses, sheep, and cattle avoid it naturally, and under ordinary circum stances never touch it. But in- the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered- the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at once creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense force to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started on the. downward path of loco, a mule will ahandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become perfectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadow- - less plains, with not a living, moving thing in i his vicinity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the iustant he will kick 1 and thrust out his heels in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco he sees him self surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts and is repelling them. The mind of the I animal is completely gone. He cannot be driven or worked because of his utter lack of teaaon. At the present linie (says the A~<:>c York j Time*) many conflicting rejrorts of the Euro pean and East Indian harvests are published, ■ no doubt for the purpose of influencing the market.Oue, to the effect that, "in the Russian Province of Tula, according to a Ualziel tele- I gram from St. Petersburg, the poasauta have been forced by famine to make bread from I bark mixed with flour.-'' "AtSaratowuocorn ! or fiour is obtainable, nud the scarcity is spreading to all tho country districts," is re peated by the English pit jz-rs. Tins is an old story. These poor people, crushed under an idious Government, have treett accustomed to this sort of mixed rations for their whole lives. It has been a common thing for travellers, who have the curiosity to _ investigate these things, to find such bread in common use, and while it is hard fare, in two ways—for this bark bread is quite flinty—it is both nutritious aud palatable. Birch bark and the sweet under bark of tire pure are both need. At the same time, and on tho other hand, the com mercial palters are reporting the enormous increase of wheat shipments from both Russia and India. These reports arc to bo looked for just now. A correspondent writing to Nature on the subject of a cycle in weather chauges says: — "It is known that Vrofessor Brueckuor of Berne, in a work on 'Klimaschwankungeu' published a short time ago. offers a largo amount of evidence tor the view that our globe is subject to a weather cycle of about thirty five years, a series of cold" aud wet years, or warm and dry ones, recurring at about that interval. Has it been noticed in this connec tion that Bacou, in ono of his ossaye (No. 58 'Of Vicissitudes of Things') makes reference to such a cycle? The jjassagn is as follows "There is a story which I have board, and I would not have it given over, but waited upon a little. They say it is obsorved in the Low Countries (I know not in what part) that every five-and-tlurty years the same kind aud suit of weathers come" again, as great frosts, great wet, groat droughts, warm winters, summers with little heat, and the like, and they call it the prime. It is a thing I do the rather men tion, because, computing backward, I have found tbo same concurrence."' It is carious that this period is about the same as that of the moon's cycles, which are due to in equalities in its motions, and the basis of it is the old superstition regarding the effect of the moon's changes on the weather. More recent observations tend to show that there is noshing in these periods that affects the weather, nor has there been found any evidence that tire weather varies in any way by oyoles in any certain periods. The Prese nt of tV United States has boon (XJUpiatulatiu^ Ilia fello'.v-couutryuiGa on ti m ex tiantdinarv {Traincrop in the States. ripe-Ov uig at Bennington the President said :—"If; happens that just with this great surplus we find a scarcity in all countries of Europe. This is our oj'jiortunifcy, and '1 cannot see how it is possible but that these exports of grain which are now reaching the limit of tho capacity of our railroads and ship3 shall soon bring back to us the lost gold we sent to Europe, and more that we did not lose." PoTATO-iHGCixu M Ad [IKK.—On September 20 a few gentlemen interested were invited by Mr. Geo. Fowler to see one of Fowler Bro thers' new potato-digging machines at work on a crop near Glen Osmond. The crop would run probably about two tons per acre, and; tho soil ranged from a rather stiff clay to friable deep cnooolate loam. There is a kind of curved coulter which goes beneath the tubers and lilts the soil, whilst a revolving wheel with double-tired forks sweeps the potatoes and soil from the heel of the "coulter," and .throws the whole against another slowly revolving -wheel. The potatoes fell upon the snrface of tho ground as a rule, but a few were loft beneath the soil, and some were covered up. There could be no doubt that the machine saves agreat deal of labour, and is designed upon the right principle. The slight defects will doubtless soon lie remedied, and then the digging-fork will be used only by small market gardeners. ' Cattle at Dry Cheek.—Complaints are being made that numbers of cattle destined for the Adelaide market are being grazed on land contiguous to the smelting works at Dry Creek. As residents in the neighbourhood state that stock suffer seriously from " lead ing" several persons are moving members of Parliament to bring pressure on tho Govern ment to prevent animals which are about to be used for human consumption being fed on land near the workB. Refmgebating Chambers.—The Commis sioner of Publio Works (Hon. W. B. Rounse vell) mentioned in the Assembly on Tuesday that six refrigerating chambers for the rail ways have been completed, and two more wall be finished in about a month. The Railway Commissioners expect that eight chambers will be sufficient for all requirements of the traffic. Payments vor Water.—Mr. Gillen intends to move in the Assembly on October i:— "That the charge made by the State in recoup of expenditure upon waterworks should bo leaded, not upon the land served by the water supply, but upon such persons only as make use of the water, and for the amount only of water used by them." Tiik1S88 Pastoral Leases.—The Treasurer (Hon. T. Playford) laid before the Assembly on Wednesday, September 30, a return asked for by Mr. R. Kelly relative to the 1888 leases. Six different enquiries were made by Mr. Kelly, and they have been answered as follows1. How much of the 1888 country, if any, is unoccupied.—1,517 miles. 2. The amount received for ono year from that country under original leases.—£8,800. 3. The amount receivable annually under the present leases.—£52,770. 4. The amount paid for compensation for improvements for same country.—£306,980 5s. 5. The total area of unoccupied land apart from the 1888 country. —161,440 miles, (i. How many cattle, horses, and sheep are depasturing on class IT. country.—133,628 great cattle; 1,029,176 small cattle. 