HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ehip ' J Mary Compton,' of Bristol, England, wag straggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals, Thia lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved, On reaching the Bhore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? ' You are beyond human aid.' These words were used by a physician to a woman wbo had come to consult him. Admitting that he thougbt so, had he the right to say so 1 No ; for he might be wrong—and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she had been greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ' and,' she said, ' all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out into a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that 6he could not lie down in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about the house,'she says, 1 was so week. I tried different remedies and medicines 1 without aavil. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and aBked the doctor to tell me the worst. Hii answer was, 'I have mixed' you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. 'I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' TOIL are past human aid.' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I wag sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost I My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick ia my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning, and scarcely got any rest from it until Monday morning. ' At thia time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford'6 Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curathe Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses Btopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry cruBt, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. ' I Bhould have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I .will reply to any letters of enquiry. (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, 1 Leeds. Thia was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous Bystem. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 