Theatrical Topics. The Gaiety Theatre will bo opened to-morrow (Saturday) night by the " Folly Company," tinder the management of Mr. J. A. South. Many of the artiste are now to Brisbane. : . Miss Olga Nethersole, an English actress, will open at the Theatre Boyal early in Sep tember next. Miss Nethersole will be aooom panied by Oharlee Oartwright, and wDl pro daoe among other plays, Baddon Chambers's "Theldlei." ''His. Natural Life" had a good run at the Opera House during last week, and Mr. Hah Barry was so satisfied with its suooesa that ha decided to remain at the Opera House another week. The "Parson's Oath" was retired on Wednesday. ■ Mr. Charles Holloway, who has been laid np erer'slnde he has been in Brisbane, and wbosa faoe has consequently been missed from the Theatre Boyal, was able to leave his room on Monday morning for the first time, and his medioal adviser ie of opinion he will be able to appear later in the week. The Crook, Forbes, endLyle Dramatic Com pany presented Frank Harvey's domestio drama ?'ABing of Iron," at the Theatre Boyal on Friday. This is a play giving opportunities for the representation of humour and-pathos, dramatic, scenes and those bordering more on comedy.: It met with a good reception, bat Wis withdrawn on Monday, to make way for < ?• The Land of the Living," another of Frank Harvey's'productions. Mr. William Bignold, on Saturday last, pro duced "The Lyons Mail," a melodrama, . wMbh.il said to have more ■ variety and greater Intricacy of plot than the average of plays of this nature. A long and- snooesafol ran is pre dicted for it. ■ At the. Criterion Theatre, Sydney, on Satur day night there was onoe more a orowded house to witness "Evangeline." The fanny ■ituitione, the pretty jingling and quaint music, the dainty damsels, and the graoefnl dancing evoked a oontinnons demonstration of •pproval. ' Gilbert and Sullivan's oomlo opera "The Gondoliers" (and their pretty little wives!) pn.lnt.in tholr hold of popular favour at the Boyal, in Sydney. There was again a very large house on Saturday evening, when the opera was gone through with all the delightful dash usually characterising the efforts of this very capable oompany. The Princess Theatre, in Melbourne, was crowded again on Thursday, June 25, when the . members of the Oerole Franeaise, the Alliance Franoaise, rand the. Austral Salon made a demonstration in honour of Sara Bern hardt, who represented Theodora. The Frsnoh sooleties presented her with two oolossal bouquets and the Austral Salon with the aoeiety's badge. The audience was most en thusiastic, and during the evening frequently tang the " Marseillaise." The Aohnroh-Oharrington season at the Gar riok Theatre, Sydney, gave place on Saturday to a company whioh has been specially organ ised by Mr. J. 0. Williamson to play Mrs. Knsgrove'sfarcicaloomedy, "OurFlat." Of this play, though described in the hills as a faroioal oomedy, It ie eaid by a Sydney critic that the first element preponderates bo greatly over the second—there is so much farce and so little gennine comedy—that the title seems almost a misnomer ; but it oaught the audi enoe before tbe first not bad finished, and the andlenoe was In a state of uproarious laughter forthe remainder of the ovening. Messrs. M'Mahon, on June 26 (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) received a cable from Ban Franeisoo, stating that John L. Sullivan sailed on Saturday for Sydney by the B.M.S. Mariposa. Snllivan is engaged for a theatrioal tour of Australia extending over 12 weeks. It is expeoted that immediately after the oonolnsion of the Australian engagement the ohampion will retain to Amorioa to take up tbe ohallonge of Sltvin. Sullivan in acoompanied by seven members of the Dramatio Oompany for the prod notion of the drama, " Honest Hearts and Willing Hands," written by Dunoan B. Harrison, who has preceded him to Bydney, and in whioh 8nlHvan boxes throe rounds with the oharaoter represented by Jaok Ash ton, a celebrated heavy weight. The Messrs. M'Mahon have arranged for Sullivan's first appearanoe in Australia to take plaoe in Madame Bernhardt opens in Bydney on July 8\. In addition to the pieoes prodnoed in Mel bonrne, the great sensation will be the orea tion by the star of an entirely new role, Paulina Blanohard. This is an unexpected honour, as hitherto the actress has never pro duoeda new piece ont of Paris. It is possible another new piece may also be prodnoed. Prom Sydney, after the 19 nights' season, Madamn Bernhardt goes to Brisbane for a week, re turning in rime to leave by the Mariposa for America, where she is to play a Beaton of 32 weeks, begining at San Francisco on December 3, and ending at the Fifth Avenne Theatre, Mew Fork. Madame Sara Bernhardt and her ; company left on Satorday for Adelaide in the 1 B.M.S. Oroya. The Frenoh actress expresses her intention of revisiting Australia. It is understood that she will undertake a second season in two years' time. "(A most enthuriastio weloome was given to the Safety Company in Melbourne on Saturday in the opening performance at the Princess Theatre There was an Immense honse. Lady Hope toon, Lady North, and a large party from Government Honse were present. Miss Nellie Farren, Mr. F. Leslie, Kiss Sylvia Grey, Mr. F. Storey, Mr. O. Danby, and the two new members of the company, Mias Grace Pedley and Miss Florenoe Levy, met with a moBt enthnaiasrio reoeption. " Buy Bias or the Blast Bone" was played. The soring wassnperb, whilst tha mounting of the pieoe was splendid. Oar Itelbonrao correspondent on Monday wired as follows concerning theatrical matters: "Fun on the. Bristol," after a successful run, was withdrawn on Saturday at the Theatre Boy&l.; "The Trapper" eontinnes with great inoeeu at the Alexandra Theatre. At the Opera Honse, on Saturday, " Bon Wild " was prodnoed, with Miss Jennie Lee in the leading part. Hiss Jennie Lee was ably supported by a clever company. The large audience warmly appreciated the representation. "The Magistrate" was prodnoed at the Bijou Theatre, in whloh Mrs. Brongh mads her re-sppearanoe after a long absence. The pieoe was well reoeived. A burlesque of "LGCnfaat Prodigne" is said to be in preparation at Toole's. The death ia reported of Miss Hslen Leigh, the clever young American actress whose excel lent impersonation of the adventuress in "Little Lord Fauntleroy" will always be pleasantly remembered. The Orient line steamer Orient, whioh left London on May 22, brings ont to Australia Miss Laura Viliiers and her talented company of English artists, who have been engaged to open in Melbourne in "The Dancing Girl." Miss Vflliexs haa also secured the rights of Mr. Jeroms 3£. Jerome's play, " Woodborrow Farm," and will probably play in " Fedora." Ibien has appeared ones more, and, even his devoted worshippers allow, without much sno* oats (says the European Mail of May 22). " The Lady by the JSea" was produced at a series of matmses at Tern's Theatre, and proved Infinitely more dull than "Hedda Gabltr," and, if not as objeotionabls in tone as "Ghosts" and others of "the Master's" pieoes, at any rate as far removed from sym S,thy and human In tercet. The acting too, ough fairly adequate, was not so exception ally good as to axonse and render aooeptahle a disagreeable, ineffective play. Miss Bose Heller made bat little of the heroine, and conld not compare with Miss Elizabeth Robins in her really Interesting study of Hedda, or Miss Florenoe Farr in her conrageons rendering of Bebeooa, and the rest of the oast were con solentious, but no more. A little aneodote attaohes to Mr. Hollings head's force " The Birthplace of Podgers," in whloh Mr. Toole having aoffed the traditional Lietonian costume of Paul Pry, presented him self onoe mote, on May 18, in his original oharaoter of Tom Cranky. It was suggested (says the London Boify Mews) by the Iudioroua distresses of Mr. Jefford, a plumber in Brooke etreet, Holbom, when a party of literary en thusiasts having at last discovered by the aid of the old Holbom ratebooks the trne scene of Ohatterton's suioide—the house of Mrs. Angell, the " sack maker," that ia lady's jaoket maker, Insisted on ascending to tho garrets without regard to Mr. Jefford's convenience. Tho position of Tom Cranky which Mr. Toole brings out with such oomio effect is precisely that of the persecuted plumber. Mrs. Angoll's honse, whioh stood on the wostern and not on the eastern side, as Mr. Peter Cunningham sup poeed, has einoa disappeared. 