NOVELIST. The Van Rensselaer Ghost. BY ELLEN V. TAI.T1OT. It woB with tn'i ipatimia of pleasure that my friend, liupcd Oivieon complied with young Wmt.ir'd invitation to eptnd Hew Year's at Lid country mat. Winter facd fiat lately been iubitkd, aud was indulging a whim (or spending the bolidaya in tbe eonntry, at an old mantiou he had lately purchased on tbo Sound. The novelty of the thing wap, in itnelt, agreeable, and there was flare to bo /neiiut wtf'o»t= reading aione wan enough to titillate the palate ; nnd though Rupeit was by no moans a gourmand, he was no nioie infiiW-m nt to the charms of quail on toast and aevillcd lobnti-r than an other mac. Mr.-t. Winter was a pretty woman, and a -i.lri;litful bofctese, and, in short, my fri.-i.ii fi li aure thathia visit would prove one of Uu most delightful incidents of the snowbound teuton. It was, therefore, with a bliiiie iu;iit that he stepped from the car upon th« A--Ur elation, and inquired tne way to ilr.Chi.ih'x Winter's hou'fc. ' It'a a (loiiti nine miles from here,' said a into in an v'«l nr.;.* ovrr&inr.; ' You'd better Kttp icUi n.y eitigh, aud I'll take you on: lor a quarter ; m^oii etrange they dlan't meat you. if you were i.speott.d,' lie &ddt-d;, nriththti trta cii.-imi'.y fi--3-i!ii-' to uitn o( his claen in New Iviglaud. 'lVrhapu tney didu't know j-or train,' continued the coachman, when ltun^it urid his portmanteau were safe in th-j *!-r.;g!i. ' It may' be you tbat gent thin tclpuram I am i&kir.g; to theru now. It cam« a couple of hoars a(jo, bat tnn station nmeii r, t-t-eiu^ no one wan dead, and the roadu «(- but, thoiiglit hu wcuid wan awhile uiitil n'liu- outi \va« goin^ that way.' Rupert could -mt avoid smiliag, but tiin thouyhta were diverud by the wide oxpauto cf snowy ti«ldd tiirnu^h uliich they wei-a pso sing ; ths villnjzc lay en th» riiiht, and in thia direction was litre nod there ouly a Joueiy farmhouse surrounded by its unpainted oatbuildiu^p, and iu&dbd; with a wmglu of enow that ec-;med ulnionl to buiy it. No Ptgns of lifs -*--irt visible, z»\t- a li^tit in liio last window of the homrGtrari, and possibly 8 will wrh|-pet) and nntU-Ani mac pn^hiu^ his way trm-u^h thiHnuw to hiii barn. ' ] wonder Winter puichafcd in kuaii a lonely epri',' uiuUr from U'li'fiit at Ian. 'It is not eo dr^nry iu aumiuer,' sn ewered the driver, takii r -'in obeervation tta addiesnn! --- )'i''-r!'. ' 'J m in a beautiful drive iht'ii. --i-ii Mi. V iu d hhd plt-nty u- Iiorses ; 1» '« '' ''al) n- &\---- lier« but wiuii it ia plean..ut, mjd iiu foul knowri whet he wan is to be coming now for. ]t'u a grand hundi, though.' Bupert, iif-kiut; a lew qimsiinnp, eli-iif.d tbe knowlcW- I but ihe house hid hren owned b) s-i .-M Kjmcii fumily as a tiomti Htead for nfly jiara, bin as thu ulder meni bers of ihx £'r»'l- ixii- uud awny none of toe youugi-r emed in ti»« uu tin: piopetly. and it had be-n w»IJ. Ta« usun, howevtr, dropped bints I LiU u. er* hml l.^eu uihnr r.aorm« for aispo^i/ii' -;f it ; svljiil llietfi were liupert aould not dtfiniu It iiircnv--r. ' Thrie n tttuiuf,' K&iA; the d/i*er, (joiut idr wilh hix whip at a large, pquare house tbat D)U»i, iu fiiiaf!!er,»h»»« b^eii nearly bidden fcy tb' foliage of the encircling chest nut Irn s. ?' Yi,i) me. tbat t number of new faehioiiefl luiuobb have Ijetn built near it by other city BWcllf, making it look like the graadmoihei «.f tht- lot.' Tim la.»Hfl Ka|f fctnod open, tmi tbu uleigh jingled mocrily un to the door. At lha Round of tbe bellu thu Ir.ttcr waa opened wide, throwing a blaze of light over tbe snow, and permitiicg n joun» man to spring into tbs froBtjr air and eeiics llupert by the hand. ' Unl-mkcd for hut always wi-Joonje,' orifd Charles Winter, ' thduRh I did expect yon earlier this evening, and only gave you up on receiving uo meE.sai;i-.' Bup-rt Tifrired Mr. Winter to the tele gram which the driver produced, and the two young men rntf rr-d the warm, bright hell ot the houae; here ltupett was rtceirrd by Mrs. Winter, appnaring more than ever of deeirabls prettincse. ?'I am tjlad you did not wait until a still later tir.in,' ehe eaid, playfully, ' for it is New Year's Eye, the time for all eerie things to be abroad ; and though I have brought not wish you to be spirited away on the road by one.' ' Are there ghoate in New England?' said Bopert. ' In New England 1 Tbe very haunt of ghosts 1 I think the old Paritana, finding now muab they lost which they might have bad on earth, come dipping around now *o eee what they can get.' 'And have you a (rboBt here?' asked Kupert. ' Il'sh 1' said Mia. Winter, with raised ringer. '? If there is one, perhaps you may eee it.' ?? I fervently hope 430,' replied Hupitt, as he hurried to make ready for the waiting meal. Be was not dia&ppuinted; iu the mental re view he had taken of the guest* he would meet; there were tws other men beside hia host and himBelf, thejlder of whom was a I linneral Gordon, and an old Syuthurn uncle I of Mrs. Winter, on a business vinit to the / Ncrth, an irneoible old fellow who inveter 1 «tcly differed with everybody, and yet ate of \- )ha most kind-hearted men living. Theotber was a man of forty or more, a son of the „ cetijnp e,ad o( day, being a grain meraliAQt from Miaeouri ; be bod all tbe Itaukneas generally aspribed to those of tbe West aa far as lii* manner went, but he also eon oealad under his appearance his own individ i uality. ' r There w»h not wanting the countenaDaa ot fair dames, either, tire. Winter was sustained b? tbe innocent, echool- girlish danghter ot fieneral Gordon, and another friend, 8 Hies Alioa Eltaler. The table was set in a long, low room, ?sraineeottid with oak to the ceiling; A fire roared in tbe deep ohimneyplace, and oast dancing shadows on tbe walla ot tbe tall, claw-footed mahogany furniture ; the table was lit with candles in heavy silver Handle. I «tUki, the nit ot tbe whole being suoh tbat I Uupert has said he feU transported into one I olthe rare old intericrg of Irving or Haw I thorne. I ' It not my furniture charmingly fitted to I tbe tapvie?' asked Uu. Winter, aa tbe dpu-eri tvaa brought on, and all were k'ginuing to feel genial and Ult&tivtlj; dis posed. '? It would bave been shameful to nave one of these old rooms arranged in the modern way, aud uwtU fottuuately tbe Van UsuBbfcltterH let me take ail tbe furniture with the houoe.' ?' The ghost thrown in!' inquired Rupert. ?? One would bave thought they bad ohonen to pack it up and carry it awuy witu them ; a (.?host ib a rare thing to have in a family — ijuito a dibtinguiBbed mark. I shall be tempted to adopt it for my own if I can fifed it.' \- You tuifrht as well steal my diamond*,' daid the iady. 'I would put you under unest juet as noon.' *' Wnat is the atcry of the ghost, Consin Ewe V asked Edith Gordon. ?? My dear child 1 Do yen want me to tell you a gboct otory at tbe dinner table!' cried Mra. Winter. ' No, I uhall tell yon wheu you and Alice come into my dreaniug room the lust thing at night, and the gentle men are utill emokiug and lalkiug down ataira ; then, like * Maud ' and * Madge,' we itill sic and comb our beautiful hair,' and like Ktiinn one else, ' tell etrange Btoriea of the dealliH of kings.' 1 inaut upon all tbe aur rouiuiinge.' ' And are we poor men only to* form our phoBta out of tbe gmobe of our cigars?' uaid Uiipent. ' 1 tear I shall be a beyholo listener.' ' I shall leave Char!ea to tell yon tbe story,' replied the bostesa, glanaing at tier huBb&ud;, who appeared singularly grave. ?- 1 .re&uy; luinn uo more wan uau Believes iu it.' ' 1'ooh — nonsense — gboati 1', said the uncle. ' Then it ia not true ?' said Edith Gordon. , ' Von shall hear and judge for yourself coufeiu ; 1 believe the faota of the lady's life, before nlie bec&me; a ghost, can be vouched for. I t»ji:ict to bave you and Alice listening wish ruinous attention to night to tier ro mantio story.' ' I cannot promite for the curiosity of one,' said Miss Elltler, iu a full, mnaioal voice, Tur. tale will not be a new one to me.' The sound of her voice drew Rupert's at tention to Alice, whom be bad hardly notioed before, aa aba eat farthest rrom him at tue table ; once drawn, be watt held by a rn.Bg oetiem tbat constrained him to regard her every movement, and wait for every word she might otter in thuc rich voice. He baa con fctseed that it is difficult to describe tbe peculiar charm tbat Mine Eilnl r exarciaod over him, although he alleges that her beauty was of bo uncommon kind ; a face pale and exquititivtly cut, as though in ivory, liglited by tbe glow of her dark eyes, and shaded by the night of her eilkeu hair ; a well rounded form and a band and arm tbe most perfect be had ever seen. Her drc-es of white India pongeo added to her etatuceque appearance and to Kupert'a fas cination, for he bad ever contended that white w »s the one robing in whioh beauty realised bin ideal. Bis eyes, gathering every detail,, took in ab£- a aurious emerald locket that n».t 08 her white throat. To my riper experience there was little mysterious in *bo attention of an ardent younir fellow, like my friend being fixed on eucli a creature, though, he insists that there was a depth of spirit and power about her that hilracK il beyond her beauty. Be tbat an it may, llupert fell instantly fathoms deep ia lova wnli Aliae Ellnler, which net his bead so in a whirl that he could wilh difficulty at tend to onytlijug else. ' Why, Alice, where have you heard ot my ghost ?' inquired Mrs. Winter. ?' I did not know that you had been in this pait of tilt' uoautry before.' ' I havn uot,' t-&tf; Aliot;, Ellnler ; ' but, although I urn iiniicqu&ittt;^d with my cousins, my tuotluir wb» h alaiei of the lft*t Van UntiMiblaer that lived in thin house.' ., A uli^'ht 1 zclnmition escaped Hamilton, llj« (jixMt from Sijaaouri, *Jiioh hu in&tantiy; (soucrollfd ; hut H ipert observed that he hUii had Sini hm ruiiutdn an tnu young lady, and was onubckiua uf &n; ugly (cul)»K ibat deaireil to eonjn:itu:i tliti cliauge of bis gaze to some lew naort',1 ijuuiter. ' 1'iiii; i* intrrnntiag abovo ell thing*,' esid her tuiMUtia. witii a spatkliug f/ioe. ?' As the f-ho-i. -* iiiH ?iaii^hi.r ot tha r.id gentleman, punly oIim will appear to you I wonld ap fii-»r 10 E-!,ilh, )i«t»«, writ! I a t:hoP6. The Iu(|. hth her 11 uiimt tiiim.ti^i with me, but I l:uvt fet my hfarton J.pr rtfi|i-af inj» to some one tii-nieiit, »i:d ikjk i'dmh. one ??- hue wuh whom --ii« iw -j.)iiiici!i^,f, «!,e nmtl ie-ika. You wilt unl be MraidY' 'SmoI Jlmt pour (Jtrl.11 eaid A.i;nfl. half amiluig, 9. tniut Simla like moouli^ht vu guav. ? Of couiHH not!' tio'aimtd the un«le. ' Wtm *«.iiJJ' 'I ti.i--k ilmt I Bhould if I eaw her,' whi*f)im. K-tati. Mrs. Wiiitr hokrdher band in her hus hBnrtV »rm a» th^y »oae from the t«»il-'. 'Why 'J.i ,ou 1,,-ok flo seriouK, Charles!' Bhftftm.t j.lAylully. ?? Have } displeased you wilIi Kli this frivulouM talk ahout Rhof t« .'?? 'Not t-xn'Hly that, lo»e,' said Winter; ' hut iIjh luNii'ry of that poar youtig liidy stems to me i»ud&d; anil «.rue 10 turn into a jest,' ?? Ob, my dear Charles,11 said hio wif-- -'1 wiuld not lo-ij;h «t that pars of it for wpJiJm ; bat a little harmlcsa nounin-e about a j.ho-t ycu will surely not deny me. I rehttjl poaitrrtly be jealous of the fascinating tdmdr, il you object aud fear you have neartft ratel inpn.' Hhe looked wilh prctlv wii/uliieaa into Winter's face, but Qoii.tsj'nwtij to the piano, wbere her eweet vi'ice gave a turu to too thnu^hta of the company. Tiie following thtse hours were th*. moni delightful llupert had ever ppent. Ho ob tained the s-i'Al neit Alica in the t Ad o»,iin-jny. earner, and 1 know ihh boy w?ll »-r,ciiu'li wo be sure I hit f.s thrt rmiiiinf -fnv/ hi im-i^ed clnacr and oin:i r 10 )i^r xi.lc. Uih Wyt upoke on but or.1infir- ni!i; o!-, hut eyf-a ran he more iliij.ciii ilu.n lipa, and if ever eyou uttered a riprlaration of lovu they were ihone of ray friend. Mias EiUler'tt wtr« UtUafd on the Stmm, and hidden t-y the thick lastly. Sim pcldont raised them to let knj «( thf-ne ^nsr-ut tesri their ^tory. thmich E ipfrt would hava giwn a jf.arof J)is Jifd to tiara had a tqimm look at them. She cat nearly aa nii cinn leas aa an Klaiiaat^r statue, save for Ids low miiHie of h«r replies ; ona? or twio« it faint uoi -r iobn to her niietke, a* tii--ar-i ttie end of the evenini; the tonn in which my fricoil utseffd his commi,np)aaen hecsme Htill more t.indpr ; but it mi^ht havn been only the fitcfcpriiij; of the fit?, end liunert. whf n the indUH said Rood ni^ht, fell all the despc.ir tnt Uet cnldnesa, ami all tbe readi ukhb to traaslate trifles into hope tbat be comes a njo'M Jover ; and in epite. of hpr downcast eyea.it is probable that Mine Alioe readily interpreted tbft language of bis, for women wa morn with their lida shut than men do through sp«etaeles. Although the company bad watched the death --f the aid year and the hirth of the new. Men. Witter declared tliat she intended kerpiuK the ladies a while longer from slesp with the ghost etoty Bhcacd Mioe wonld tell E'Ji'h. '? I think u'fi'd batter sit in your room, Alice,' she said, 'then you will not bave to go down tbo stnird lat° at -night, hb you would if you same up with mr. I hapn you don't object to sleeping on the first floor ; I bftva no (juistronm hut Kjilh 'a upstairs ia which a fire can ba buili.' Miss Eiisler aofisrerp/i tbat sba Hi not ob ject at h!I, and the Indies pained from the ioom, Hamilton springing to opcu tbe door for them, and take one more long, cqriocs look at Aliae EUsler. Her conl glance bad been tbe one thing tbat hftu maie diaoord in liapert'a evening, and when H&rujlton; bf Id Alioa's band for a long rooEDsnt as be bade htt farewell, and ebe colored under bis eearobing eyes as sbe bad not done u&dcr; those ot idt iriend, the jOOlbfell »U tbe unrc«Bouing jealonav tbat WtMlMtiJB tbecstf. Ia mitb, Uaoen wan only deairou^ of finding eometbing 1 adout which lie miyhl quait^l witb the Weateincr.. *' A lovely woir.an,' rcinuthcd Hamilton, retumiug to bia sent aud lighting a olgor. ' gn — ao ; WAiitn ejlor,' ea'nl tbo uncle. il You will bo nps to reencuise bcr f*oe wben you see it u(;.:n,' huid 1' ipart, pabjiut; ovtr the i;encr«.i'i- roaimk ana addreBniny the younger man. Hamilton. «Uit'u a moment and then laUKhrd. 'What do you mean, sir?' demanded Kupert. ' Nothing at all.' ' Sir, 1 will not be answered thus !' eaid Rupert, furiously, forgetting, in bis etrange paBuiou, the laws of common courtesy. *#Come,D»vi8oG,' intorfcrei1 Winter, tak ing hi« arm, *' Hamilton had assuredly done nothing to eull forth this heat ; there is a mistake ; let us forget it aud be friendly for another hour.' 'Tush! Charles, let them bave it out,' said the uncle. ' Not at all.' eaid Hamilton, good huinoredly. 'Mr. bavison is ready to be friends with tne, I am sure.' Rupert, still atruugely unlike himself, muttered a sulky assent. '* Here is eomethinR yon will be interested in, gentlemen,' etid Winter, turning the sub ject, and he displayed a quaint looket eet with emeralds— tbe same Rupert hud noticed during tbe evening ns sparkling at tbe throat of Alice Kileler. ' My wife liandcd Ibis to me, with Miss EHeler's consent to exhibit tbe miniature within. Tt was left her as a legacy, by her uncle, and contains a portrait of the unfortunate girl of whom you have heard so muon this evening.' While speaking Winter handed tbo orna ment to tbe others and they examined it in turn. ' It looks like this girl herself,' eaid tbe onclfl. ' It does strongly resemble her,' replied Winter, 'yet. it wants tbe liruinese of char acter ttiet Mias Alice shows. Here is more of ooauetrv and uhitdishness .' Hubert said nothing ; hi; could have £&zcd; on f 01 ever, it was ao liko Alicp, but' tbe Westerner was waiting to take it. He also gazed a long time, but asked, irrele vantly : ' Winter, bow did you cuanoo to purchase thia out- of-the-way place? I 'had no idea, when I started wilh juu, that you were tak ing me bo far out ol the world. 1 thought you probably livud iu the village of Aater.' 'It was a whim of my wife 'a,' replied Winter. 'Arc you acquainted with thia region, Hamilton t' ' 1 once knew a little of tbe country about here,' replied Hamiilou, after a mo ment. '-Cumo, Winter,' ' said Hupert, 'are we nut at last to hear thia story to which mu many allusions have been made 1 Tiiis in the hour for euoh a tale, and I oogin to Welievc iu it since I have Bern tliin f&ue.; I bope aho will honor me with a glimpse of bcr lovely features.' ' Which you will assuredly recognise,' eaid Hamilton, dryly, for Xiupt-rt bad apain poe&esaed; bitneelf of Uu- luclfct, and weh poring over the miniature. My friend nearly dropped the bauble, and an ati^,-} flush crur-aed iut, Iwe. ' Tue reaeuiblauce ia ceitatnly lilrikint;,' drawled Usiuiliou, ' between — ' ?? Sir,' said Rupert, half-rising, ' I insist upon an explauatioa of — ' ' I am willing to tell you all I know of the etary,' interrupted Winter, aa if tbe alter cation was not goiu{- cm, but, at thn same tiDift, gf- ntly jiu-,tiQj. liupert back into iiia seat. 'Fiibtlct us throw mi another log, and geimrrtl, rit imutrr to the n'ro. Tiie re lation will not lake long, aud ti3 one nftd believe tbe part cooceming thu glioatly vifitH.' ' I «ha'n't-'aaid the uncle. ?? You may sleep through that part , 'said his hunt. With apparent Ortrelobnufgn he draw bin chair iie.t *wn Jtaptrt and Hamilton, and caiunuricrd run rHrratioii. ' i'dc! ib«t Vt.n Uu.iMc.Utr that lue.l,' aaid Wu.ur, ' was not M.inntkiililB 111 tny p:i.r tieular ««y exaet.t fur htn Impe iii»i!j. He h*«i turee ean» ami seven daufthtiTH iiorn to him, 61..: .'ne j- '!.(!„' women bvum nuun (hnu ordinarily tail, \\*t-u- known thioii^h^ut tlu- refiion ua th« ? S -veil SiKfrm,' *u united iu rtfertMitw to tlic trivi-n hiigiit etBi« in th« Pittu.;*K.' 11 Tnere &td; but six, now.' Haid tim un-;!f. '? This Lrifiht bund diuiiniehed htill moie j rapi-Ji-,' fn:d Winter. -'Too eldist, ihu \ Diiiihti -A Mi«» Al.c?. marribd rtmi beoaiiie alni(.-«t «ijftornifoi..i «-cli htr f*niiiv hy 1 poioK to d-.!l Uiii, t irhi.Hbi.u.1 in ICii-lunii ; u faver fo..i:i^f tbat ravaged thiH i.^ion ] visited ihirii uf til.' remaining t,i«ti-«, two of | wfaoui nnvi-r jobh from their bcd« nfiain. tbe 0110 tliai iccuvcitd being the lhOy of 111.1 niii)i-.i»r«, and the youngest of the family. Old V.m ltsneHulacr wan i.early crazed by tne 1-uddi.n «uu io bin fireside circle, and the whole county mourned with him, for it im nut ti- be aupuititfri that the light from ouoh a oonMiulhiuou bad bben hidden, cvrn if Binning from thisretired t,pof. With anxious t- n.loniHPh did the old man guard tho thr^e daughter!) .int reinsininp, fcnd the whole family united in bestowing egpeoin! care on tlm younw^i.j, Jest thn lever might have left bcr f raiit-r than the real. ?'Htm had ft I way fi bpen the favorite with her father, her moltirr dying eoon after bcr birth, and aha auddt'd iuto wonianhnnd amid euoh fohteiin^ ettre thfct the btfftih cf thu cummer wiud wbh hardly known t.i hpr, Afl the tit.ie rolled on Van iteiiEftlatr i-row rcconoilfd 10 hii HorrosH, and let the Rilvrr voices of hiB lap* t!ir,-e girls c-nmfort bim. Grace, the lady whore picture wn have seen, wb^s an wilful and »pui);-i bs 'ftighrbave l»ran pxpectcd, Isui hernaturnlly sw«r;t and clnhliH!) di^pnsi:inn, as wrl) u« }i«r iutecbity iu trfection, caiifi-d her friends to regard hrr im pwiouH woyi A3 an added olisrin. Her f» iitly fiv« way before her always and di'JieliJuri in her tyranny. She wa3, per haps, the lovelkut of all. bot the fistrrH r« MtraWwd aaali other t a closely that often in llm Kvnninff. Thm ihpy pRtheieil here nhnuc tbe liaarilt, V^n IS 'dtiaer, muain^ in their midst, lia-dly kii^w sr thrir lij'ht Innm flitri-tJ p«i,t bim wiipther th^y were thoee of hif- Inst or living darlinp.p.' ' Th-- man taunt Irava been a fool,' said me miijle. 'Tbe striking rPsemWance In racli oibtx ia a trait of the family,' eaid Winter. ' \ou liciceive Mi»» Aliee li»n not romped it. But to rei-iimn : you may iHiegm? lo»-r« wevnnot wantinp in (his boiun ia tHo«e Aaye — fifteen yenta a»o. i« ifl no lnriurr tliau thai. — but Graon danced over nil their hearts aud finally persuaded her father 1L-at this coun try home was not enough to content yocng women forever, and ihut a winter in town waj necessary tor UctBiH «nd lirr ei«rers. The eld gentleman reiuutantly conwnled ; he bud » mrjjnjJd prasentitnent ahout jettirg his dnutihters leave the shelter ot their ohild booiiV bump, but beauty, as nau«l, wheedled an*) conquered and Mi*« Grace and her sister* enjoyed the Lcight of metropolitan gEtietiea for a few montbe. driving their father nrmrly into bia dotage by rbeir ineeti aant round at balla and operas; for he in sivtrd on aoepcapsnying them wherever they want. ' llight glad was he, at tbe first breath of spring, to gather them into the old home ; but rumor wbUjiered thai be coujd not keep hia mst to lull inuoh longer and that one ui bia birds was nmkipg ready to one hut wings. In f»ot, though no country lover had bean able to Oftlob Mios Uraop, tbe wild little beauty had been tamod by somccce in the great eitj and came back U) her homu only to fill ic wjth preparation* for white rtiiu I and wedding cake, that «be might lfii?e it j again. 'Thaia was optbingtoo preoioos or too I costly ipr Orttoe at thia period, and however ?be ooinipg parting isigbt read the heorU ol bB familV, they aould not but be glad in tbe a)tninipen trittiovti tinned in tbe bride to be ; *-ih a bt-nrt caiin*-ni)y lortnud for loving, iliis ntw i^ftecliuii iten.ed also to dteijen the old, and etiu bung about them all with a lliLiusand caretibcs that doubly endeared her. Tbe days in which the eocmed fairly unahlfl to contain bcr happiuoba were those in which «ho rrccived the lettem Irom her lover ; ho «-,n not olten, if ever, atle to vit.it b- r, but hi« HiisfivfiB were regularly Hoot, the ecu! printed, I suppose, wilh vlaaped bunda, or a deer, or nomu euuh other faithful Cevice, ?? At last the bridal day axiivtd ; the cerly ruornine was )o bucg tbe lo.er ; tl e v td diiiK dre^s wu spread out in readiness, white and (i likening bb a uoowy bank, every slitcb in fhe finery having btin set by tho sifct«rs of the bride. Tbe early hours piieer-d and tba bridegroom did not oorao; noon struck, and still be bad not arrived ; the wedding would not take place till run down, and samfe accident might bave made bim late ; but ; as the afternoon dragged away without we appearance cf tbe lover, a vague forboding struck tbe hearts ol tbe family. , ' Van BeDBsetet-r had seated bimaelt in hia old chair— your seat, colonel— and fallen into musings bf whioh bis clenching band and fiery eye. told something; tbe two elder daughters, Betted near him, whispered together, and c»Bt anxioua looks into the from roon, where Grace hung at the window. ''Let us dregg her, Florence,' whispered Ethel, tbe sinter next the youngest. * It will divert her mitd and tbe guests will soon be here now. We will make tbe robing a long process, aqd 10 tide her the better over tbia suspense before he comes.' ''Let her /alone?' interrupted old Van Beneselaer, loudly. 'Do not think to triok her in thote wretched gew-gaws now, if ever.* i 'Hip daughters shrank into frightened nilencr, and a moment later a moiaage was brought to the old gentleman. He tore it open, and then dashed it under bis feet. ' ' Curae bim I' be exolaimed in a terrible voice. * Qniok ! shut the door, and let as think bow ne can tell that poor young thing that he is fahe to her 1' ' Hia precautions were too late ; his tone bad been louder tbat he knew ; a loud shriek struok their ears, and rushing into tbe other room, they law Grace fall heavily to the floor.' ' Wby didn't he come f ' inquired tbe uncle, proBsjcally. ' He wrote,' said Winter, ' that a new bueioesa opening called him distant for an incalculable lime; tbat it was impossible for ? lady to aqsompsny him, and that as his lime of return was so uncertain, it would be unwise to le^ve a young bride behind wist fully amrUint, him. He Baid it would be wrong, also, n Grace and her own family, and aaded thai be would not hold the girl bound.' 1 'Wnat dasardiy coldness!' cried liu pert. 1 ? 'An unexpected gate into fortune was placed before bn,' said Winter,' 'and tbe temptation prov it too great.' ' Well, well ! eaid tbe ancle. '' I suppose be reasoned tb t girls were as plenty as bUakbetries in J ily, and fortunes as scarce aa cherries in I) oember ; but give bim all the grace you m j, he should bave managed not to break a y ung thing's heart. Did be make his furtuney' *' I never bead,' answered Winter. ' I know nothing m«e about him, not even hia name ; tbe famly never mentioned him asaiu.' ' What a gritciiine they must hava bad sending back the tuests, feeding tbe wedding cuke to the pigi and burning tbe bride's drcR«,' exclaimedjbe uncle. ' i do not kuowjwhat lieaame of the wed ding dress,' 8aidi Winter; 'but the dreSB was not burned (hen, at ail events ; it waa left bh it was, spead out in the great spare chamber, and qrite forgotten, while poor Grace was carried to her room unconscious. So far it is uu old Story ; we often road ro mances founded c^ a false bridegroom ; bnt tliii ends -?:ffdrent y from any I bave beard brfore. Grace lay in tbia insensible condi tion bntil the-noxt day at twilight, then ehe woke aud asked oiturally what time it was, mij whtn told.mufmured tbat it was etrange tlmt har lover wai eo late. Florence, who «u« «icii her, tried to sootiio her to rlrip, but him waa rfbil«in. and inRiBted upon gPt tli:g up. nnd, i:h uHiai, boofeed no resttainc, r.B)ing, ' It iu time 111 drcsB.' ' Stir only pnitiully dressed, however, iiumoniMK away thn blue bouae dress »be. was id llm habit of aasrinR, and looking ini piili.ntlv around, h«r «Utcrdid not know for vliht ; but aa Grjce was soon quid, ii, b'lurcnce wrappt d a shawl about her sinitr unii Uii ht-r half dteajning in a great chair, urhilu hh« went to tell tba others of tho ohaiiKP. *? HUH was detainel a few moments, and on her return Grace wai not in tho room, nor w*s eho to be found in the hoaee. The poor girt, rousing again, and witb tbe idea that tin) twilight warned her to be dressed for ber liriri.it, find found ber wedding clothes and arruyrd heraelf in them even to tbh veil and to faking the bouquet which waa withering in a vatn. Then, »uh the thought atruggling in r.»r inii-ty brain that something was wrong with bcr lover's delay, she left the house, uu oliiierved, to eeek tor him, and was found, n.;ar luiJnight, wandering in the damp fieldB. ?' The end can easily be told ; tbe exposure brought on n return of the fever from which she bud suffered in her childhood, and this time, she vu its victim.' ''The victim of that scoundrel, you mean,' interrupted linpert. ' A well told tale,' exclaimed tbe uncle, ' but no ghost.'* ?? 1 am coming to it now,' said Winter ; ) ' hut you ne-d not listen, of course,' ' I won't.' raid the ucole. ' You can *}tep — ' '1 will.' ' Topre arc few men,' continued tbe host, ?? wbn, under suitable times and conditions, do not bolit-ve in ghosta.' 'I don't,' said the uncle, who was still awali-=. ' There are rcrae exceptions,' pursued the niirtfai.f,, ' tint the majarity of men are at liiiKH iniprpHKpd with tbe cense of the super n--.tu-;«i. Tdecuuiitiy people say that after «!'? V.m Bennaelaer died, tbe younger portiou nf ii-e f«Riily would Dot remain becaune the place wnaiiauntcd by the prrsvnee ot the poor J oil tig bride in ber wedding robes. I cinnnt vouch fcr that ; the brother witb whom 1 transacted tht bi B'.nc.es told me that thud were too many cad associations for them to choopf to live bere ; bat it is asid tlint old Van RsnsBelaer, as he aat every eveiiitiR wht re ttie general sits now, would never retiie until be had seen the apparition ot die daughter.' '? He eat up all nigbt then, I venture,' said the uncle, ' I agree with yot ; it is strange what fables t!i-*ft empty country miod« invent,' observed Hamilton, striking match after nifttoh -n an effort to light another cigar. Hupert aaid nothing; but he was, in vulgar parlcDco, all cars. . . . ?' I am rtn more KupeTBtitioua tbau the rest,' taid Winter, ' lot I confess to 6 wish to believe tbe ntcry. There ja something touohint; is tbe tbougkt ot the old man ,-ut. ting by his mouldering fire, night alter night, and waiting far into fl)e small hcure lot « sight of his darling. There was one guest tbat told the «tory most coherently, and aaid he caught sight ot the lady. It seems that be knew nothing of the habit of bis boat, and aa tbe old gentleman tbowed no signs of ir tiring, s-id ensconced faimBpit as if fora long firwide gossip, the guest -did likewire. l'oa. sibly tbe sbade of jlie young bride was later toan ueual. or the stories ot the guest were leaiaaa, f&r; the be&i; of Van IlenaHelaer dropped upon hia breist, and he fell into a eoiin.i sleep. Tba vkiloi eat mutely WBich ioy the embers, and ht]t liawning to the light tread of footsteps that for some lima he bad laceicd be beard on the walk. More *nd jnoro iinincOf they wunded, until beelnrly ? i i ! i«U(?ht tbe dick of little boot heels and tbe weep of silk.' Rupert, raising his eyes at this point, met hoee of Hamilton fixed upon him, and knew hat he bad hoard the earne eoandt as him elf. For somo litnn past my friend bad leard, through the muffling ol the litnvy cur. ajne, «bbt inight bave been footetrpa on he little balcony that jutted from tbe side vlndows. 1 'Thfi (iiatMepit OLintinued for a long irne,' Winter wui saving ; ' from tbe souiid l HteniLd aa if the ptreou vcjx walking iround und around tiie houne. Each time hey paund e. longer time uniitt the winduw ; jut tho old ru«n still tlept on, and at. latt .he Eound BMined to reoede in a different lirntition.' Uupprt relatea that nor: Hamilton and liniadf distinctly beard a knocking on the siodow from the outside ; it cuased and re lurned at inUrvalp, but seemed olcp.r to their itrnined bearing, tiiinough Winttr, ccRionned ay bis utory, and the uncle, half asleep in bis ihair, did not notice it. 'Tho gueat could endure insotion no longer,' said the unconscious Winter. 1 Bashing to tbe window, be flung op tbe shade. Thero was a faint moon.' ' 'Tia tbe ivy tapping,' muttered Hamil ton. By the light ot tbe moon be could dis tinguish the receding form of ft woman vanishing acroBs tbe snow in a dress and veil as white as it, and leaving no prints be tiind ber. As hn stood almost paralysed, be perceived that Van Vensselser had come up behind him, and was watching tbe last misty outlines of tho figure with an expression not of fear, but of grief and tenderness.' ' Knoak I' very plainly now. Two knocks, a. pause, then, *' Knock, knook, knock 1' three times, tbe sound somewhat deadened by the curtains, but certainly on the outside of tbe lower window panes. Winter was roused by it. ' Wbat was tbat?' he demanded. No one answered him, not even tbe knock ing; tbera was dead silenao— a silence, Rupert says, even more uncomfortable than the sounds. Who or wbat was on the bal sony, and wbat was happening in the still ness ?' ' It was tbe wind, after all,' eaid Winter, finally, with a deep breath ; but even bb he spo%e there came another feint Bound, wbat like they could not tell. Tbe uncle, who had been halt asleep, opened his eyes. ' Wbat is the matter with yon, boys 1' he said, peevishly. 'For my part, I sever heard suoh a tissue of non — ' He stopped, for tbe window was thrown violently open from. theontBide.and (he cur tain swept] away as though by the cold wind that rushed in. And there, to tbe fearful eyes of tbe group inside, and against the black baok ground of the night, appeared the white form of a woman. The lamps flared in tho eudden access of air, and plainly ebowed a figure clad in tbe drcee ot a bride, though never bride was seeu as pale as she. A veil of misty lace shaded berbair and died in tbe shadow, and bcr dress was like the snow en tbe coping ot tbe window ;*but her face, tbe faoe uf the miniature, was whiter then either, and seemed utterly without life; the bead thrown back, tbe eyeB closed and the beautiful, colorlesB lips ball open. Her small bands were cieucbed on the window ledge as if la keep ber from falling, and she swayed to end fro as if blown by the wind. The four men ntarttd to their feet and stood spell bound. Winter ntctned dazed ; the general waa behind biin, bis bair on cud ; and from Hamilton, pule aa the lady beraelf, broke a sharp cry, '? Grace 1' be said. 'Grace! Grace 1 Grace I' Aa for my friend, after one second be cleared tbe spaao between bim and the window at abound, and had tbe form of the ghost in his arms. ' Do you not see who it is ?' he cried, aa be lifted bcr over the sili and brought her to tbe lire. ' It is Mies Ullsler, and she has fainted.' ?? Mia* Busier I' exclaimed Winter. ' What eould the be doing out there?' A question ? that llupert could answer no better tbBn tbe otuew, and be was too busily engaged in restoring bis lovely ghoBt to think, nt present, any farther. He had placed bis burden in tbe chair ot ber grand father, but still supported iier bead on bis shoulder, wliilo hi; chafed ber bands und purbed the air back from ber ttinplefi ; in deed, I have ray suspicions that the boy, in the confusion of the mtmrut, carried his ro etorHtiveb still fuithf r wbilo that fair face lay turttd ton oid him on bis br«ant. and Winter anil 11 naiilton eought frantically for water and spirit*. Aa for tl o uuulu, after a careful survey S. tiie lady bo came to a half conclusion that it might be Mi»n Ellsl.-r ; but he oloeed the window tightly, uud flaw that tbia time it waa thoroughly Darted. It waseome time before Mies Alice revived sufficiently to yivt an acoount of bcr pre sener, but when she did the explanation was simple enough. Mrs. Winter and Edith bad lingered in her room until quite late, and after they bad loft,- Alice, advancing to tbe window, saw that the moon was ris ing with beautiful t ffect over the snowy hills. Tho better to enjoy it, uhe had thrown a laoe ecarf over her bead, and stepped upon tbe small balcony upon which ber windows opened, as tbe library windows did upon a eipiilar baloouy. She closed the window bthifld her, lest the ni(-hl air should chill htr »ooni, and, when attempting to retnrn, found to ber alarm that the window fastened wilh »n old-fashioned spring when dosed, and could only ba opened from the in side. Her situation was a gloomy one ; there appeared to be no release from spending the night on tbe balcony, unprotected fiom tbe cold, and witb so companion save thechnste Diana. Suddenly, however, Hoe caught the glimmer ot licht from tbe library windows, which were next bcr own, and she knew tbat the men had not yet retired. The thought struck her that if the could get from her own upon the library balcony, she might be let in through the library window. V. ithsoaie dnng.w, and more difficulty, she at foci accomplished Chip, but seemed unable to make the men aware nf her prescnae. Tbey were some distance from the window, tbe curtains wcro of the he&vicBt;, and ber strength was eofast failing her tbat Bhe could barely summon force to tsp upon the pants. For a moment, Alioe said, she (bought ehe lout conBoiouenera, then, rousing, gathered all her powers and made a last desperate at tempt to raise the sash berself. In tbia she proved successful, sb tbe window fattened merely witb an ordinary bolt, which bad not yi-t besn secured. From that . moment ehe knew uo more. 'No wonder yon fancied tie a ghost,' aaid Alice, witb a faint' Binile, an she took bcr emerald looket from the table and prepared to withdraw ; ' I suppose you bad been hear ing the story otmy poor aunt.' 'Ghoetu 1 Nocsennc, child !' said the uncle, who bad quite recovered himself. Tiie next momicg Hamilton did not ap pear at breakfast, and Winter said tb&t; uf. gent business bad called the Westerner away. After the meal, his hoet took Bapert aside for a moment. 'Did ycu notioe,' he said, 'that there was the t-'iico for another miniature within tbe emerald locket f' ' VdB,' oaid Eapert. ' It was originally filled by the picture ol Miss Van It^uHaelacrV lover,' said Winter ' but was destroyed before the lnotct came into Miss Kilsler'a poseeaaion. Now if we eoold fee that painting, whote faoe do you suppose it would represent 1' ?' I cannot cueaa.' replied llupert.. ' That of Hamilton,' etid Winter, gravely. 'I was sure of it last night, by observing his manner when Mies Ellslor appeared, end his departure this morujnfi confirms it.' Tnii is ell Rupert has told xe*% tat there is another port ot tbe story whioh I goes*. . 