THE SHEARING DIFFICULTY. The industrial crisis that has deve loped in Queensland in connection with the shearing disputo is of so im portant a character that all other prob lems afloat in Australia have been for tho time forgotten, and oven the Federation Convention has little in terest for the public in comparison. It is recognised that the fi«ht now coins on is the initial battle of a great war that will, unless wiser counsels prevail, be carried on in the three colonies dur ing the remaining months of the year, if not for a longer period. If the press reports of what is taking place in Queensland aro correct matters have reached a stage that every ono must deplore. Tho unionists aro credited, or lather discredited, with wilfully setting firo to grass and wool sheds, destroying fonces, maim ing teamsters bullocks, and forcibly preventing- the non-unionists from doing their work; and the Go vernment, in order to prevent blood shed and to preserve law and order, have had to^cpU out tho military to assist tho police in tho troubled dis tricts. The \situation could not bo more critical, and it behoves everyone, and especially those who have any in fluence w'ith tho contending parties, to assist firstly, in maintaining tho laws of tho land, and secondly, in endeavor ing to bring about a settlement of this great diiliculty. It has been said that tho differences between tho parties are trivial, and that ' freedom of contract' is the only real difficulty to bo on countered. There is little doubt that if ' freedom of contract' wore disposed of a settlement would soon bo arrived at, but although it may sound moro dis interested, (- freedom of contract ' and ' non-union ' are synonymous. It may not be the intention of tho pastoralists to crush unionism, and many of thom say that it is not, yet tho fact remains that when tho union admits ' freedom of contract,' it will, as an offensive and defensivo organisation, give up tho ghost. The public may sympathise with it, and the legislature must enforc it as part of the liberty of tho subject, but the union cannot submit to it with out nullifying tho whole object of its organisation. It would bo an immense step in tho direction of a settlement if this fact wore recognised at once by tho pastoralists — that is, if they aro not fighting against tho principle of union ism. It is urged that tho unwarrant able strike of last year justifies the pas ? toralists in making a determined stand against aggressive unionism. That tho striko was unjust, no ono denies, and because oftheiniquity of that strike the squatters, backed up by public opinion, have now an opportunity of making a fair agreoment, and demanding security for its fulfilment, whereas in taking ex treme courses, thoy lose this oppor tunity and make the breach still wider. Tho demand for a conference is a reasonable ono and in the present state of tho public mind towards trades unionism, the refusal to accede to it cannot bo defended. The parties in terested cannot perhaps bo expocted to see matters in an impartial light, and it may bo well to pondor on what an onlooker, no less capable a personage than a judge of the Supreme Court, thinks of the labour difficulty. In his evidence on Thursday of last week be fore the Labour Commission, Mr Jus tice Windeycr said—' Ho thought tho time had gone by for arguing upon tho advisableness of unionism — he thought everyone admitted it. . . Admitting that thero was a largo body of non-union laborers, he thought the most intelli gent wero those who were in the unions, and with them the employers should meet in conference. . . Certainly agreement would bo facilitated by com binations or unions on either side. He thought trades-unions had done a great deal of good in that way.' These opinions coming from a man, of the varied experience of Mr Justice Win deyer, aro entitled to serious considera tion. In order to justify tho assertion that they are the ' most intelligent,' it is to be hoped that the unionists will act as reasonable men. and studiously avoid and discountenance any act which tends to disorder or a breach of tho law. The sympathies of the com munity are never with those who seek to obtain their ends by intimidation and violence, but on the other hand a peaceable and determined stand for what is believed to be right and just compels the admiration and respect, even of those who differ in opinion. The great bulk of trades unionists recognise this: tho Victorian Trades and Labor Council at their meeting last week practically decided to urge upon the Queensland shearers the adop tion of this course. It is to bo hoped for their own sakes that tho strikers will see the futility of fighting with the fire stick, and rely on their legitimate methods, Tlie campaign of 1891 has not yet begun in this district, but if parties continue to drift further apart, thero is no doubt that tho struggle in Riverina will be severe. Tho Shearers' Union will be assisted this season by the car riers, who have decided not to carry non- union wool. This decision is not that of tbo loaders of the union, but tho result of a plesbiscite of the mem. | bers ; and as such is instructive as showing the sympathy that exists between these two important branches of pastoral labour. Last year, tho carriers, to their credit bo it said, re fused to break the agreements they had entered into at the call of tho Striko Committee, but now being free from engagement, they deliberately decline to enter into any agreement that will assist pastoralists to defeat their co workers. Tho action of tho carriers will not affect tho stations that are on the river or railway line, but the pas toralists out back will probably find that the shearers have secured a valu able ally. Still, a great amount of time and money must be lost by the carriers in the event of a struggle, and want of employment is to them a more important matter than it is to the nomadic shearer. From whatover standpoint tho position is viewed, loss of time, labor, and money is apparent, if the struggle continues. Let us hopo therefore that a way will be found out of the threatened difficulty, that will be satisfactory and final, and that without humiliating either party. I Sarah Jackson was charged at tho Polico ' Court on Wednesday last with making use of, obscene language. Constable Thorncroftgavo I evidonce of a row which took placo in the i I Cluucso Camp on Good Friday night, when ' tho accusod mado use of the laugungo com plained of. Mr Crang appeared for tho accusod and said that Mrs Jackson was celebrating her birthday, got vory drunk, and did not know what sho was doiug or saying. A fino of 40s and costs was imposed, in default a month's imprisonment. The fino was paid. Tub marriage of tho lion. Rupert Carring ton, brothor of Lord Carrington, to Miss Edith Horsfalt, oldest daughto: of Mr J, S. Horsfall, Norhull, Toorak, wns quietly solomnised at tbo pretty villago church of Now Norfolk, in Tasmania, on Monday, March 23 (says tho Melbourno Australasian). Owing to tbo dolicate hoalth of Mrs Horsfall, and in deference of the wishes of those intorostod, no guosts woro invitod to tho ceremony. Mr Horsfall gave away his daughter, and Miss Frankonberg, a former school companion of Miss Horsfall, acted as bridesmaid. Tho happy pair drove to Hobart aftor tho cere mony. They subsequently camo to Melbourno. and havo etneo gone to Sydnoy and tho Blue Mountains to spend thoir honeymoon. They havo recoived many congratulatory telograms, including aovoral from English rolativos nnd ono from tho Princess ot Wales. The Hon. Rupert Carrington was formerly in tho Orouadior Guards, and sorved in tho Zulu war, beiog prosent at tho battlo of Ulundi. Ho afterwards loft tho army to ontor Parlia ment, and roprosonted I Buckinghamshire iu tho Houso of Commons forsovoral years. Ha intends to sottlo in the colonies, nnd ontor into shoep-farming in Rivoriuo, haviug a fonduoas for country pursuits. He is the third son of tho socond Huron Carrington, tho brothor next abovo him iu yoars being Mojor Gonoral Carrington. His sisters aro the Countess of Harrington, Lady Covillo, of Cul* ross, nnd L^dy Archibald Campbell, of Blytheswood, Renfrewshire. Mr J. S. Hors fall, tho father of tho brido, is woll and favor ably known in Molbourne wool and financial circles, and owns some fino freehold proportios in Rivorina. Tho mar riago was arranged about two yoars ago, but had to bo postponed owing to a sovoro illness which seizod Miss Horsfall a few wooks provious to tho dato fixed for tho coremony. At the Polico Court on Wednosday, beforo I tho P.M., Charlo* Wills pleaded gailty to! being drunk and disorderly. Accused was in tho employ of tho Wild Wost Show proprie tary, j)i.d tho disorderly conduct took placo in the vioinity of tho tent. Wills was fiuod 5i or 24 hour?, IjWtUTUKE-mjYERS nnd bargain-huntors aro invited by advertisement to attond a 'hiqhoit- bidder- wind' snlo to bo conducted by Mr W. T. Hills at tho Caledonian Arcade at 12 noon to-morrow. On Wodnosday Messrs Fay and Macluro entortainod thoir omployeos at a danco in tho Froomiison's Hall, in recognition of thoir specially arduous work during stock-taking and tho stock-taking sale. Dancing was com moncod nt 8 o'clock and continued until oarly tho noxt morning. At tho intorval, Mr H. McL\ron, in a noat manner, invited his follow omployoos to drink tho honlths of tho mem bora of tho firm, which tboy did with enthu siasm. Mr Fiiy mado an bppropriate reply. Tenders for tho conveyance of mails bo twoen Maudo and Booroorban, via Lockwood's W. Barr's, J. Ross', E. .Edmunds', andJosoph Moore's homestoads, onco a woek, are invited by advortisemont, uhich appoars elsowhero. Tenders close on 8th April. Tho notice is 1 short, a fact that intending tenderers should note. SuiuouMBRS to tho artesian boro fund nro reminded of tho special genoral mooting which is to be held to-morrow night at the Athonrcum. All tho principal businoss firms closed thoir establishments for a few hours ou Wednesday afternoon to permit thoir employees attending the fuuetal of tho lato Mr C. B. TayJor. Tho membors^ of the Half-holiday Association marched in procession in front of the hearse, and a vory lacgo number of townspeoplo also attended tho fucoral. Ox our fourth page will bo found an account of tho arrest of tho Narbethong murdorer, aomo details of tho Victorian irrigation trusts, and an account of tho Gordon- Cumming baccarat scandal. Br advertisement Mr W. R. Riley an noancos tint he is a candidate for a seat on the board of directors of tho A.M-P. Socioty. Mr Riloy is highly spoken of by tho provincial press, and appears to posso3B nil tho qualifica tions necessary to fit n porson for the impor tant position ho soeks. The draft constitution of tho u Common wealth of Australia,' as submitted to tho Federation Convention is published in full in the metropolitan morning journals of tho 1st iost. There were no applications for conditional purchasos or leases at the local laud office yos» terday. On tho previous Thursday tho fol lowing wore applied for : — Albort Woodward, C.L. 238 acres, parish Wurgam, county Towns end, Wargam run ; W. G. Gibson, C.P's. 289 acres and 80 acres, C.L.'s. G05 and 320 acres, parish Boranguine, county Nicholion, Gunbar run ; John Armstrong. C.'P. 140 acres and C.L. 418 acres, parish Bcnerino, county Nicholson, Gunbar run. The Census of New South Walos is to bo taken on Sunday next, and the necessary papors aro being loft with ovory housoholdor. Full instructions for filling in tho particulars aro givoa with each paper. Tho enumerator for Hay and district is Mr W. F. Gordon and the collector for the municipality of Hay is Mr T. Sinclair. Accordino to tho local papor, typhoid is very prevalent in Deniliquin and precaution ary measures ore boiug taken their to pro vent the disease spreading. The wookly mooting of tho Young Womons' Christian Association was hold lust night in tho Alma Rink. In tho absence of tho decretory, Mrs Macarthur, Miss Butterworth conducted the mooting. Tho evening was sot apart to neodlowork, but a number of selec tions woro read and recited by tho members. Tho first numbors of Our Own Gazette, tho organ of tho association, have boon re?oived from Englaud, and can bo received on appli cation to the assistant secretary, Miss Buttor worth. ? 