A Lay Brotherhood for London. A " lay brotherhood of St. Paul" is being formed for the diocese of London by the Bishop of Marl- borough, with the sanction of the Bishop of London. According to the Guardian, the brotherhood will consist of a warden, a sub- warden, a chaplain, brother?, probationers, associates, and serving brothers, all being communicant members of the Church of England. For the brothers the work contemplated is " a disciplined devotional common life, separated from secular pursuits, and wholly dedicated to the service" of the Church, in co- opera- tion with the parochial clergy. The warden will be appointed by the Bishop of the diocese, to whom alone he will be " responsible in all things lawful." It will be the warden's duty to preside at all meals ard all meetings of the community, and to see that the discipline and order of the brotherhood be strictly observed ; to encourage, advise, and, if necessary, admonish the brothers. Should any difference arise within the community they are at once to bo referred to the warden, whoso decision is to be final, except in such matters as the majority of the brethren may consider ought to be brought before the Bishop. The work of the brotherhood will includr parochial visitation, street and mission preaching, teaching in classes of adults and others, seeking out and preparing candidates forconfir>nation prepatory to their being brought under the instruction of the clergy, visitation of hospitals and unions and lodg- ing-houses, and such other parochial work as the parochial clergy, in whose parishes they may be entrusted with the work, shall arrange with the warden, who shall be responsible to the incumbent for all work that shall be undertaken by the brotherhood. In all cases the brothers on admis- sion to the brotherhood are to make the following promise or obligation:-"I, -, in the faith and love of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, desirous of dedicating and devoting my life to the serv'ce of the Church of Christ, without let or hindrance, do hereby solemnly promise that for the space of one year I will adopt as the rule of my daily life the rule of the brotherhood of St. Paul, and do hereby pledge myself to abstain from all worldly occupations in accordance with the said rule, and to yield obedience to the warden of the brotherhood, in all things lawful, so help me God." 