i lYSTERIQUS REYEM I (A DRAMATIC STORY). , By the .-Author ok 'Siiir.v.' CllAI'TlOl! xrx. cross I'uni'osiss. All Cyrus's efforts, too, tended lo the same end ; for lie felt it would only weaken ihe cause he had at heart to prosecute, to. attempt it now he had noither nerve nor strength to fight. A fortnight passed, when one morning his own-' lawyer was announced, v 'Capital !' exclaimed Cyrus; 'the very man I. was longing to see and going to write to. Good morning, Mutteson,' lie said, entering tho room where sat his legal friend. ' ' Have you been ill, too ?' ?lie continued, eyeing the other as lie spoke. '. Youdook as if yon had seen a ghost. Perhaps it is the reflection of : my cadaverous face.' ? lie glanced, in a. mirror as lie: spoke; ' Well,_M.iv Gage^ I have suine .very serious business on hand which harasses rne/'' 'Soiry for yoti, Matteson ; but it is strange you should come to me. I sup pose something' bririgs you to this place; for I was going to write this very day, hiid ask you to call about a most un pleasant affair — to me, most painful.'' - ' Then you have heard of it ? I am very glad I am not tiie first to announce it.,, ........ ' Why, how do you, or any . one but those immediately concerned, know1 any thing about it V' asked Cyrus, in amaze ment.- ...' Oh, I received intimation o'f it as your legal adviser ! I called upon Dr. S — , too, before coming-down to see you. I deemed it better. !No\v tell me what the absurd, but torrible charge_ lias arisen out of. We must prepare our defences.' ' Prepare oun defences ?' echoed Cyrus, opening his eyes. ' Our accusa tions and proofs, rather, 'j'ou should say. For I tell you,' he continued, in an excited tone, '. ' the proofs are incontro verrtible. Fool that lie was to force me to produce . them ! Fool — arch-fool! To think I would submit to her daring falsehoods, and his- dishononihlo fraud and duplicity ! , They don't' know me — they don't know inc !' As he. spoke, Cyriis pased the room in a state -of wild excitement, while MattesOn. stood gazing, at him with ? proFoundi astonishment,. mingled with a sort of fear. Exhausted by liis agitation. , Cyrus at -length5 dropped' on a seat, pale \- and trembling. Matteson approached,, and laying a hand oil his shoulder, said, with earnest feeling — -- ' For mercy's sake be calm ! Don't (giveaway to excitement. You will ruin i yourself. ? . Yon know I am -your friend' ; you can confide in me. What does it all mean '!? What .has given rise to this most falsejl.know, but dreadful charge ?' ' False, , i dreadful charge ? Why, ; Matteson, you -call yourself my -friend, and term them so ? I tell you I can : ]iro'v(- — prove, man — all that I advance. Can and will;' 'You? But he? Why, lie it is who has the proofs in hand and wit nesses, he says. It you were seen by them (your accusers) as I saw you just now, you 'Would1 give them a nice hold on you, i think.' For some moments Cyrus sat perfectly i silent, looking up in the Iawyer!s\face.- . : 'I say, Matteson,'. lie uttered at , last, ' you and I must be 'playing at Across purposes when you speak of my is accusers. What broughtyou here to-day ? i! .-Yoiv'cft'me on business — what business ?' is ?: A;: beautiful -study isv tlie human |! countenance with the mind's play upon i' it. It is a great one, whether for good j or evil purpose.- Thought upon thought, doubts, questionings flitted across the Imvvnv'e minrl- ?llrlrlel? tlio full, snn vnli i n cr eye of the questioner. At last, lie stretched forth a hand, without 'withdrawing his gaze from Cyrus, and pulling a chair towards him, ; seateil himself beside the other, and laid his harid'on his arm. ? v f , '(Do. you know why I am; here to-day ?' he asked. Something about my cousin, :iis ;.ifc liot ? ' It is. He has, then,- accused you himself ?' J ' Pshawj Matteson ! He accuse mo ! I tell you T will prove -his illegitimacy,' even though the stain falls upon the whole family. He lias driven mo to it.' ' Oh— h !' ejaculated Matteson, draw ing a long breath of relief. 'Is that it 1 ])oes lie know your purpose. V: ' He does. I told him so before the altar at St. George's yesterday lortnight. when the girl who, in the sight of heaven and man too, is my wife,, sold herself to him ,foran, -empty — X will provo . it so — title.' ' Hush ! ' whispered Matteson. Dont -?rushj .otf in rhapsodies. I am a lawyer. I dread walls ; they have long, ears. I can now partially understand the matters; Yours cousin kno.ws you intend to attack him. You have been' hasty, impetuous, and he has taken' the bull by the horns, and accuses of madness: Iio is collecting nil his forces to lake out an order in lunacy ! ' ' You astound me ! ' .''Ay, you may well fall ' back in i amazement. That is why I am here to^'day. Now toll me everything. Tell i mo quietly. Aro wo safe from i 'listeners?' ? ; Quite. My friend here is a woman- i hater; 'and -1 begin to think lie is right; They aro very false sometimes. Matteson. He,- too, was once jilted. Well, lie hates them, and it would ensue the ini mediate loss of her place if, after, seven in the morning, one even showed her face in this part of the house. Men will scarcely condescend to listen, unless for. a purpose — not from mere curiosity. Say on.' A loiig whispered conference' took place. ' So. so, so !' ejaculated Cyrus, nt last. 'Even in that honeymoon so basely gained, my noble cousin cannot rest lrom intamy. iic win provo me mad, will he, and place me under restraint, claiming probably, as next of kin, tho right to take charge of my property ? Softly, gentle, cousin ; you may plot, but I will prove. Now listen, Matteson. ' (To be continued.) 