RHOUSE OF RIMMON.J & STORY OF TE "BLACK COU'TRBY SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Br JIEANIE GW'YNE BETTANY, Author of aurr SasraC's Two LxEAicza," rTC. g ýCHAPTER XLVI.-(Con-ryimnED). " Keziah. I have only one thing to ask you. I know more about the world than you do, Heaiah. If you do not want to be suspected. Keziah, go to some friend. You need not tell me whom. If you promise me this one thing, Iahall go away contented. Contented! No, not that. But t will bmoe e edurable, that is all I can say." "I will praomisayou that, then," said Kezriah. And she was moving away again. S"Not one word of farewell, Keziah:" he sasid. ' Good-bee," she answered, passing on. He had almost hoped, when he had so far acceded to her wish, that she would have given a different farewell from this cold "good-bye." But her manner was such that be dared not ask for more. The Keziah he loved could never be further from him, he felt, than she was this night. S*he was outside now; but these words followed her in a choked whisper, "You will saFvoU forgive me." i' forgive you," she said in a low voice; and disappeared in the darkness. And Elworthy. half beside hunmself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, watched the spot where her figure had dis _appeared, until his eyes were strained; but followher he would not-rather, could not. And when at last he had gazed so long that his yes, grown weary, drooped their lids, he I \- ,?r/iy turned his head and gazed at-the am " he thought within himself, "iso wretched anso poweress." And while he thought this, the immense hammers came down upon the iron, and flattened it and crushed it. "Oh!" be thought, "if only I could place my head one moment under that hammer, and end it all; it would be so soon over." He remained long gazing at the glare, and s.arcely thinking. All was too mch n a tumult within him. At last he became conscious that he must go away. If he were not in Leamington in the morning, people might say he had been with Keziah. They should never say that; and he staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. It had ceased snowing some time, and the pith was very dark. Snow blackens almost as at falls in the Black Country: and it must be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It was not ueep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last he struck his foot against something: it was only a rising footpath, of which there are many min these neighbournhoods, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall. mng, and the next sensation was that water was sloeng over his head. CHAPTER XLII.--ThE GREATER BA.-s. And h sli .. . I will pull down my barns, and build greater." Had Keziah waited before her own house a little longer, she would have seen the lights re appear in the two front bedroom windows; for -ir. Hackbit, having made an effort to go to bd as if nothing- were the matter, had found himself quito too excited to sleep. "- it,", he said to himself, "I'll have that fool Rimpler up, and wet our throstles a bit." Now Mr. Hackbit was deeper than Rimpler gave him credit for being: though he did let things out sometimes when he was drunk, they never were things that cold against himself, To-night' he.had driven Keziah forth, and so natural had been his demeanour that no one suspected it. The servants knew she had not cme home, but they thought she must be stay. ing at her mother's, and of course they knew better than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. 3r. Rii?pler, finding Hackbit at home on his return, imagined Kezidh to be in the house. He had likewise imagined Hackbit to be tgnorant of what had occurred the night before, 3o when Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, and then thrust his head in, and said, " Get nup, Rimpler, I say: let's have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an unpleasant day, and meant to make up for it; and got up directly, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not know Mr. Rimpler was sitting dressed by the windo w. When Mr. Rimpler had fumbled about the room a little, he lit his candle, completed his toilet as if it had been morning, and went Lewatale. He lootke in the dining-r?em, but found no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He went into the hall and listened; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I say, what are you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a mihdle. "'I am going to get some wood to light a fire in the drawing-room;" adding, with great as umption of grandeur, "We'll sit in the draw ing-mom,Bimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richer. Why ehouldn't I usethebest room i've got''?" "Alt right," replied Rimpler, amused, "that's your look-out you know.. Only I shouldn't have thought you were such a fool as o tell anyone you are rich." " You are not the outside world." " 'o ; and you're shrewd enough to know I should know in any case. That's it, isn't it, ac:kbit?" A large fire wa soon burning in the drawing \- .room, what with the unusual quantity of wood and the bellows which Mr. Rimpler plied. ikhkbit sat down complacently, with two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and -ugar. ! Isay, Rimpler, tow should you like to be a partner?" "Oh, I don't know," replied Rimpler, in. -differently. " But I say, Rimpler, by Jove, we are .making money, old Rimmon and L You -think you. know everything, but we could our -prise you a bit. Some people save and save and save; and never enjoy their money. I -sin't mean to be like that." And he poured out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my father was a -collier, Imean to have a place among country -:gentlemen, - them. Iokesworth Hall is to Sletand I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, hang it, why shouldn't I live as well-? Ah, Rimpler, though -they hate me, they shall envy me. If -old Josh Rimmon is centent to live in Statpig-sty, all the better for me. I'll live for thetwoof us." he took another draught of Sranrdy. " And ,---- me, liinmpler," he went eon, "there's some pleasure in living when oyu can buy a horse, or what not, that some (22. sJTLeks )e'[ O. emt publ?u S(232a - noble lord would give his head for, just be cause you've the longest purse. By Jove, All this did not arouse the interest and sym pathy in 3Mr. Iimpler which it might have done had he not known about the mussing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a racohas been drugged and will break down does not show astounding acuteness in not back ing the House of Rimmon : and throughout WMr. Rimpler's lid he hid nearly ilways hacked. the winner.. He rather .onjoyed:the joke of: hearing- .Iaclkbitrun. on,. however, jandsld ',l cohraged him to talk. o ' Bdli of sale are the gfandest investments.;' said Hackhit, " while it can be kept dark; and my experience is," he went on in acunning tone, " that people who have been sold up have not spirit enough left to 'oto lawwithyon aboutit, neither have they the cash," and he burst into a laugh. "Do you know, in the beginning, Rimmon waited topay me a salary ? I soon taught.him a lesson. I've had more than he's had,bhyJove. There's a day for every dog, and let every dog have hiaday.?" -Yes," Mr. IRimpler assented, " let every dog have his day. My day'll come next." And he pestended to sip his brandy. "Don't count your chickens before they're. .hkeed,".?'rrpliedHackbit, whiowasnow getting much the worse for drink. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Rimpler. " ieitherdo I get drunk, and so see double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched." This was alittle bit too refined for Hackbit in his present condition, so be took offence. "Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drunk'? "' Certainly not. ISVhy, you've only had half a-bottle." I-t was not long before he had the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Rimpler not a little. He sullenly hung his head down, and looked lowering. At lst he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room. Rimpler involuntarily gazed in the same direction. He could see nothing. " What is it ?" he said to Hackbit.. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. " What is it?" inquired Rimpler again. "Don't you see thoese spiders ." "I can't say I do." "Then you must be drunk, or mad. Look, timpler," he said, rising in agitation and trembling all over, " have you ever seen such large spiders ? You can't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasingeach other in two lines ; and they'll come down; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." Rhmpler became more and more alarmed. Hackbit clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on the table; but he could not; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles cralhed on to the floor. "Oh," he cried, shaking till the very fleor shook, " the cloth's full of them too. S'eehow theyspread their legs and come on. Oh, let me get out of here," he screamed frantically. ' The walls are covered with them. Are you a devil that you won't help me " " And with one more elffot to escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our renders the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David I Rimmon both came. at Rimplet's request; and y the doctor's suggestion, Mr. alttrilg was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and with him Dr. Towers. He had brought this do:tor on his own responsi. hlity, having such great faith in him; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mir. Rimmon was seated in a chair, looking the picture of misery; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers i advanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, a?n turned and looked about the room, butsaid nothing. "He'llgetbetter now," said Mr. Rimmon, t hoarsely; "he's gone to sleep. Oh, whata night we've had." " He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. "I have seen cases like this before. It is a possible ending to delirifrrsn lmnvew.-Tley sleep to death.; ZInadonoe you to witness -something." He wasashy c white. He walked towards the bed. He laid t one hand upon the man who was 'sleeping his lastsleep, and raised the other above his Read, C and looked upwards. V " I call God to witness," he said, " that I willnever sell one drop of any intoxicating I liquor again. And I will rid myself of any property I now possess that is the isult of the ale of drink." His raised hand fell by his side, and he faced round and looked at the astonished Joshua and 5 Towers. " There is no evil so great in this wide world I as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter or carries his bottle home ? The end is the same." He looked upwards again. "I pray the God of pity to forgive me for the great wrongI have done the human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Reparation there can be none. The evil is done." And Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round IMr. Salt- I ring's neck, and said soothingly, " My good friend, God judgesus by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin anyone ?" " Remember the proverb, doctor," returned I Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands from his I face. " ' Evil is wrought by want of thought c as well as want of heart.' This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within I the last twelve months," he said, raising his I white face and looking at the doctor, " cases of spirits have left my shop enough to bring this" -and he indicated with his hand without looking towards the bed-" toel fear to sayhow many homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Kieziah, but I can'tface her. If no one had sold the braudy, he couldn't I have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk I " He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate," said Joshua iimmon, rousing himself to speak. - "That -makes no "difference,"' replied 'Mr. I Saltring. " Come, doctor, lot us go." But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed had ceased. Toweralooked a moment, and answered Mr. Rimmon's look, " He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTER XLYIII.-Tox TOWes GOES UPr I roe HIs LAsr ES.arnrs?AIo. It was about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jamley cemetery; and in the windows of his house was a notice, "To Let," No one had made any search for Keziab. She was missing, and Elworthy was missing. The I facts seemed to explain themselves. Th. house u of Rimmon was daugraoed. Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr. timmonand was now residing in his house. The baby wae there, too ; andWVisonhad come to nurse-him, at hMr. Itimmon's request. The otherservants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack bit had leftno will, as is often the case withi those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. timmon had gd visibly, and seemed so near breaking up hthther intirn state formed a principal reason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging Wileon. Mr.. Rimmon's hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghoestof her former self- yes, a ghost even of her changed self-entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Mnaud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, andflew to open the door. Keziah fell into her arms, crying hysterically, "I have come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Haud." Masd half carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, coring over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kizzy. In an incredibly shorte' time refreshment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither and thither, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, an;l only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast: and ohe fell asleep. Lanud looked at her head. Where were all the short curls gone ? The hair was shorn quite close to her head. And her cheeks, how sunken they were ! Maud had placed her self so that the head might ret against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and re mained cramped in one position for nearly two hours, rather than wake her darling. Then Kezish opened her large startled eyes, and said pleadinaly and quickly-"Look, I will tell you something. Don't.send nie out-just yet. I have nowhere to go to." Then she recollected herself, and said, '"Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospitalagain. Oh; Maud," she cried, flinginig her arms about her friend's neck, "how glad Iam it is true I am here." Mand answered only by her caresses. Then Keziah drew her head back, and looked into he friend's eyes inquiringly. "Do you know?" 'sh asked. " Have you heoard T"' "Dearest Kizzy," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach "Rleproach mo?" said Keziah, looking puzzled. "Well, yes, I did provoke him; but I am repentant now, Maud; I will go back to him and beg his forgiveness." Was it possible that -Keziah did not know that her husband was dead ? It seemed so. She. had been in a hospital, it appeared from her 'conversation:. She might know.nthing. I <Kl.zyshol:oaid, s tisking gtha worn- facd. hbetwen'herhasids-the fa'e thiathad:'nothing" to recommend it'now- but- its 'pathos-? Kiziy, you will never go back to your huebaind."-: Keziah started,-not at the words.shebhad heard, but at the tone. She looked for more, and did not speak. - " izzy." my own love, you are free;- your husband is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. " Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. "Oh. that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended so." And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziab, and laid; her head beside hers, and wept with her. She- was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen..- - "Kidy ,"l?o said i? hhr er ic; t l-astif you did go away with him, you have lefthim now." Koziah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. "I-go away with him, Mand! Who dares to say it?" Maud only cried, "Thank God! it is not true." "True, Maud:" said Keziah. "No: I have sunk low, but not so low as that." "Oh, Kizzy, forgive me for having believed it," said Maud humbly. "But you see it looked so much like it, that you and he should both disappear." "Hie disappear!" exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. " Is lie notinLeamington then ?" "No he has never been heard of since that night. Your brother Jubal came in here and told me all aboutit." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, " Where is your husband, MInud?" "He is in London, Kizzy, being examined. We will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had not you better go to bed ? I don't think you should talk any more to night." "But I must know one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father's ?" "Yes, and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah'i face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, "Then I think I willgo to bed, Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Mand and Keziah awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. " Whatever can it he " said Mfaud; and she fung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she searched the house all thraugh, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of any kind to account for the noise. Still the soind had been so loud and of so startling a character, that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keziah related toherfriend how she had wandered along thoroad to Wover hampton in the night time, and then how a break came, and she could remember nothinguntilshe awoke in one of the wards of the Wover hampton Hospital ; and she was told she had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out, tlhey had given her the money they had found iu her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, about down, Keziah fell asleep again; and lMaud remained awake. The sound she had heard had been exactly like the smashing cf thehall.lamp by something falling upor it. When daylight came, she was glad inde :d to end a night of wondering and silence. SLo was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. '-ow early the post is this morning," she thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed: and fell; crying, in a suffoceting voice, 'My darling's dead, he's dead." - - Keziab, weak though she was, gained her side, picked up and read the telegram. Lea, he was dead. .- s-,?v.... ~ud. lost'hex eonsiousnuen entirely.. Anid:, when at last she came to herself, it was only to cry, "He is dead ! and now he will never learn to love me again." She became so ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained-rest. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Mand wept in com pany. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars came. Tom Towers had passed his examine tion, and had gone to his hotel, and right up to his room, which was at the top. An by acci dent, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smashing the hall lami by his fall. Inside was a letter adiressed in his hand writing to his wife. "Read it, Kizezv" she said, "for I cannot.,' Kizz- opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her face: "Ihave passed uy examination, Meaud my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to. night. Shall I tell you why? I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed themurder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps; to have died and never told you.. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming from me. The money I have had from you at different times has- been to purchase the silence of 'a man who saw me commit the deeed. "And now with my last words I beg yon to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, 1 know, believeI did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I am urea you will. " YOUR HrArTnaROKsI HUnBBAD." Keziah did not show this letter to MI.ud for a day or two, not till a verdict had.been given. at. the inquest of ' Accidental deathi due to over-excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body,. and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. SCHAPTER XLIX.--JumA INsraUcrs asz SUNCLuE IN THE WAYa or SOCe-rY. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in January, two years after Keziah Hackbht and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations werebeing made at The Chestnuts at Bowdon for a party which Mr. David Rimmon was to give to some of his nephew's friends. Jaubal, who now boasts of something more than down on his upper lip, and has grown broader and handsomer, stands with his back towards the drawing-room fire, his hands thrust into his trousers pockets and his head poised super ciliously. David, anxious andnervous, watches his nephew's face, as if to learn his contentor discontent in it. "Well, oubal," ie remarked, passing one hand through his hair, which was growineg very scanty now, "does the room look like othr people's now?' Do you like it ?" "' Well, really, uncle," replied Jubal, breaking into alight ohugh and showing a shining row of teeth, "as I chose all the things, it would be praising myself if I said I liked them." David hooked both his thumbs into the arm holes of his waistcoat and looked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, of course, Jubal2" he said; "but is thefornitureproperlyput on the room? You see I've no other room to compare it with." "Oh, yes." Jubal allowed, "it looks well enough." He had got into the way of not expresoing much pleasure at anything. "And uncle, if you don't mind my mentioning it, perhaps it may be as well that yon should nit put your thumbe in your waistcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take these things focr iudi eations, you know. And," he added, without notiing the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, "don't you think really now that you could manage to use h's just a little? Ishouldn't like to hear the fellows describe you as 'young ltimmoc's uncle, innocent of h's.' I'm asere Medwin laughed when you asked him to come to vour 'ouse; and after all, it's a simple enzugh matter to say 'house,' and so much hangs on it" Poor David wase completely in a flutter, and all the more likely to shokw badly before the "fellowe" on that account. "You sei, Jubal," he said, not at all crossly, "I never had much schooling; I went to work when I was-" "'And there's another thing," said Jubal, flushing. :' Pxay, don'tre?fe to the time when you went to work." - Therewas almost impatience in the tone in which David replied to this. "It may be an easy matter to you, Jubel. But at my time of ife it'sanoeyy matter. Ibthee mnaged to gt osreand makea little money withouth's : thougli I am sure I didn't know that I talked any different to other people before."' \- "That's what Ithought," said Jpbal, " and fortliat reason I draw-you attebtish to it Don't imagine that I- wish to hurt your feelings." w- - --. - -t s -. ButJ Jhal hba?hirst his nsile's feshings, aid' very deeply too; bat he, with his native gentlsmanlinees, which xi?ted dspite his lack of h's, did not turn upon his nephew with a rude rejoinder, as that yonuggentleman would certainly have done, could theyhave exchanged places.. Neither did he wound Jubal'e feelings by telling him of the -wound he had inflicted, thereby provins himself the true gentleman; for are not all the rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelings of others ? "I don't. mind altering anything," said David; "ifI am able to do it, and it'e for your welfare.'' .-: ":r:thdught &ou;'d.takeitlikethat," returned Jubl.: '-You're an awfully good fellow." :'If J'ubal imhagined that this salve would heal the wound le had inflicted, he was mistaken. He had robbeid his uncle of confidence, and given him mistrust of himself in place of it. lie had called his uncle a bhear, and thought that patting him on the head, and saying, " "Good fellow," as he night have done to a dog, would quite make up for it. He might have re membered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the sore places given him in token of reconciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded," Jubal thought he would continue the lesson which had been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his uncle's feelings ; as those who do not love scarcely ever have. - "And you know, uncle," he went on, " gentlemen don'teay' Sir' to one another. In fact, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a name at all, you from your position might use the surname alone, as soon as you know them a little; otherwise you can say' Mr. So-and-So,' but never' Sir.'" "Well, that is strange," said David. "I was brought up to think ' Sir' the right thing." "Never mind what your bringing up was," returned Juabal. "I'lltell youthe way to treat these fellows. You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to them."' " Is there any necessity at all for that ?" said David. " Why should there be looking down or lookiong up ?". "That s just what it is," Jubal replied. " There's always looking down and looking up. And so you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You musn't remember anything except thatyon're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these fellows may be swells and all that, but I can tell you, between ourselves, they' often don't know which way to turn for money; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into your suit. so that you may have time to get used to it a bit." . This suit was of a pattern such as David had never had on before. But, as Jubal had told his uncle, lhe dressed altogether onut of his position. : . " Yes, I'll put the suit on if you like, Jubal. ['m afsraid it won't look very well onme. And. yoe didn't tell me what these round tables "are' for, J.bal."" . ' " Oh, never mind about that," replied his nephew. "- Come and have your clothes on." As they pa ned out at the door. David looked' back ruefully at his metamorphosed drawing-g room. It was very pretty, with its rose. coloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet,. and strange c?binote. But DaviS's drawing room was gone. He could never take aSunday I afternoon nap on that. couch. It made him t tremble eren, to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the rooms fur anything any more. Every. 5 thing was gone that he wanted, and everything there was useless to him ; and there was a great deal of disaplmintment in his mind-when.he I looked at the spot formerly occupied by'an old fashioned bureau which would open out, and on I which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he kept his camomile flowers, from which I he made herb tea, ushe called it. It was hard I to see this spot occupied by a perfectly useless thing with glass in front, through which could be seen a"number of very ugly euriosities. However it had been inevitable, as the new suit i proved to be. "There, uncle, .you'll look something like, now,'! said young timmon. standing at alittloe distance for the purpoose of judgin the effect of this new tailoring asehievement. "!'t doesn't' feel very 'comfortable," Davil remarked,. ruefully. "It's too tight around'e thewaist, s:'I ssst undo tle sbuetoae."-.-. v..zv... ?"Oh'(?;5 y 'yun'in stn't do anything of thes ' sort. 'That' would' spoil the effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you see, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your 1 waistcoat pocket." . "It's very hot and uncomfortable up here," said David, feeling towards his chest. - 'It seems too thick somehow." t "If it's hot all the'better this cold weather. I They always put a bit of padding ilR there; it makes the coat sit well.' ou'll get to like it." "But, really, I can assure you, Jubal," said his uncle; in some concern, " I can't wear these shoes. They huirt me. "I'm sure they're two I sizes too small." "You didn't 'say so in the shop. .Besides, it's all rubbish. if people have been used to 3 wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy their feat are confined too closely" in a pair of ordinary shoes." . ' - "?Bt why can't I put on 'the pair of slippers' that Kizzy worked for me ?" pleaded David. " Oh, if you're going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. ' '?'" " "I'll try to get used to them," said David:' "Perhaps, if I walk about in' them, they'll get easier."' And he made the attempt. ' - " "'Oh-h-h." cried Jubal, aghast. "You I mustn't limp - about like that. The fellows'll I roar." i - 5PerhsIe they'll get easier just now," said poor David, "orelse I shall really be obliged to take them off." • "Oh, bless von, you'll get used to it, uncle. Everybody's hoots hurt them, only they pre tend they don't. I'm sure mine do and, you ee, you've always the advantage of beig able I to put on some big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent.. He was ruminating. If 1 society made such demands as these, it must surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, but then that was his ignorance. . Taking alvantage of the silence, Jubal went on talking. "I'm glad that the waiter has arrived in good time. I shall go in and give him some directions. -And mind you don't treat him as if he's a strnger, and had in for the evening. You must order him about well, you know. And you mustn't say 'please' to him, nor 'thasnk you;' people never do that in society." I Poor David felt himself in a labyrinth of new formalities and. ideas..'. He 'knew liis ?roubles' were not over. Children are to be pitied some: tines when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards learning; but how much more the old pupil who takes his first lessons at the tyrannical and merciless school of society. CHAPTER L.-.TuAz's Er' rers._. as eight o'clsck appached; the bell M - and David trembled, He had been told by ubsi thasthe must reesive the gusnts, and he inwardly wished that the earth wsold 'reesivo him."Jut the earth is not kindly in this respect: anmid though for indefinite centuries she has been frequently called upon to perforn ihis o?tle, she has but rarely been known to te cede to the doemand, and in these few cases the result has probably not produced all the sastis. faction desired. The waiter announced the Honourable Pel ham Winterfold and Mr. Allan Denuloegh. David nervou.ly shook hands, and slunk into the bacl-ground, while the new arrivals ex changed greetings of a freer kind with the nephew, whom they called "Rimmon." They pp.eared to have dined, and were in strikingly high spirits. Snag little place you have here," remarked Winterfold, adidressing David, who started violently, and muttered Eomething inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Denleigh, throwing himself unceremoniously upon one of the new satin chairs, and shaking out a highly scented hundkerchief efore applying it to the prominent feature of his face. " Are we to play high or low to-night ?" i. qulired Winterfold, backil:g towards the fire, and remaining stetionary in front of it. "As tar as i am concerned," saaid Mr. Dcl leigh, in a high treble, " half-crowns are all the nieces I am worth. Played mit, you know, last night. Awful bad luck. We wars allat SpringRood's. Deuced hot time of it. Spring wood p.rr won everything.:'. "O He's a tCifle too sharp," replied Winterfold. " lut. you see, one must be williog tI pay a little for one's pleasures; and his daughters are deucedly fine girls." "Winterfold's going to induoethe youngest to marryhim and leave the tae," said Den leigh, winking at Jubal. "She'd make a chaoring 'smy lady.', someay.'"" " Thanksi" eaid Winterfold without moving any featore exeepthisspperlip, which curled slightly. ." Marrying's not in my line. Besides, I don't consider that Miss Juliet or her sisters would .sbe mush sood in elgctioneeig, and everythiog'depends ohi ?ms'a wife if ho1hae " 'Parhiamontary'carer bafore.him; doesn't it, Mr. Rimmon " he pid, appeallang'toDavid.' , Daviid wa so much' ahat at.,what be had headthat he could not'itammer oat a word of. reply.: . had not neterntoed the osver. ation in thlesat; bathws u: ndr thel im-. pre.ositheall war not gight. osia hoee tended not to hear whus Wiatesod addreu him, and examined a picture on the wall, as if be had never seen it before. " You'd do a lot in Parliament," remarked Jubal; " you need to have a wife who would do something. And I don't think Miss Juliet can do anything, unless it's dancing ; she can't act atall ; and as for singing-well, I can't think what Springwood's dreaming about, to put in so many songs for her." " Well, you oo," WVintorold rejoined, "the British theatre-goer has not a very good ear for music, and she always getes applauded. But whatever be her merits, she's not for me, even if I wished it. She's already the secret" pro porty of a certain judge who often dines at my. father's table, and preaches morality to my young brothers and sisters." Another sing at the bell. "Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. lie went through it better this time, however, as he thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Speingwoo , he remarked with cordiality, Why, I knew someone of your name, Mr. Sprngwood ; I wonder if it was a relation of yours." "Very likely, indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. "I've a greatmany about" At which there was a loud laugh.'for which David saw no reason. Where the people live that you knew P" wenton Mr. Sprinr wood. with thebs utmost good humour, whlle Mr. Scratch kept as close to him as he con veniently could, his head perched on one side, taking xt all in. "In Staffordshire," said David, "the Spring-woods lived I knew. They were batty colliers, and worked in the TroworthL mines." " In that case," broke in Denlsih, " I can answer for it they were no relatives of this Springwood, whoma most highlyconnected in every way, I can assure you;" upon which there was another loud laugh, in which every body joined except Springwood, who ap peared rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship. " Don'tlook back,Springwood, said Winter fold, aggravatingly, "or else you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that the admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowionghim in private." "If I couldn't write any boltter than that,' said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, "I shouldn't have been so successful as I have been." " Ah, to be sure," chimed in Denlcieh, "you write parearaphs for the P'olice .la now, i dou'tyou P' "IN I did," replied Scratch, hotly, "it might be possible that you would figure in one of them." " Oh ho," brokefrom the rest of them. Mr. Sheridan Springwood had received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface; for he had never yet played Othello, though t he was most ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that he might have made this desire of his. public after taking a little too e much brandy.'He looked uponhimself as a s spirit in chains, for he was at present playing Blie Beard in his father's theatre, where i nothing beyond low burlesque was everat- I tempted. Diavid felt sorry for him, though he I did nou in the least comprehend the situation. "',Are yon fond.of acting, air t'r asked Mr. I Rimmon, forgetting his part. "I am obliged to be, whether I am or 1 not," replied the actor. "It is my profes. t sion." Oh, indeed !" said Mr. Rimmon, looking a at him with a newinterest. "I was not aware of that" And hestaredat him, thinking with in-himself that an actor looked uncommonly 1 like an ordinary man. ;" I don't know what we've got to amuse you, a getitlemen," went on David. " We might get up a charade, as you are fond of acting." -A t great roar of laughter followed this bold seg- t geation, in which all joined except Jubal, who i looked very angry, and remarked that they were not infants in arms, any of them, and that they would have a rubber of whist as soon as the other fellows should arrive. They did arrive before he had done speaking; and were f announced : "Mr. Rufus Harris, Mr. Hanson, r and Mr. Medwin." After a hurried touch of hands, the gentle men placed themselves round two of the tables, and David saw now what they were for. Packs of cards began to be shuffled. At the table ureoot to DLutdl, Winterfoldl DOnirigh, Sptoing wood, and.Scratch were sealed; at tha'otlir, the reet'of the party. '1 The waieter came in with glasses and tottles, I much to David's astonishment; and feeling himself quite like a fish out of water, he made his escape through the open door, that he might be able to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the course of half.an hour, he foundit in a state of uproar. A sharp altersa tion was going on between Witevrfold aid the comedian, inu which a glass had been knocked off the table anotsmashed, at which Mr. Scratch abstractedly aimed' an. empty borloe. David could'hardly believe' his eyes. He was still more startled when he observed Mr. 'Denlsigh I gathering uphalf.crowns and pocketing them with a delighted smile. . " '. "-They must be gambling," thought David. But Jubal assured him this was not.the case; ; that each man would be given hack all his half crowns at the' end, when the' party broke up, which statement was received wish a-buret of applause by the company, and 'which poor Davie took in. .7 -David didn't smoke, and the drawing-room was getting really stifling by means of the t fumes of eight' cigars, and he was literally compelled to absent himself. This he did I rather unwillingly; for he was, in fact, any thing hut easy at the course th ngs seemed to be taking. Not knowing what else to do with himself, he went into hIr dining-room, where I an elaborate supper was laid, and he dreaded I the moment when he should have to sit at the head of it. The noise in the drawing.room increased. He heard a crash, which ho afterwards disecovered to be caused by the fall of some of the glass pendants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. Scratch had- aimed another bottle. Randomn throwing was always a feature in his foris of drunkenness.. David thought he would quite f as soon enter a lion's don as go back into the drawnmg-room. lie waited for them to break 1 loose upon him in the dintaing-room, when they should choose to have supper, which they did soon after 12. The drawing-room'docr was fung open, and the party came out quite steadily, to David's great surprise: they did not appear.to he very drunk. Jubol placed'-Winterfold at David's right hand. The rest- took their seata'as they liked, and with an air of being perf.etly at home. "No journal'll get any paragraph from you, Scratch," remarked Hanson, who was sitting. next'to him. '"You've not been lookingo'douto for anything, you know." "Oh, indeed," replied Mr. Scratch, tryirg to fix his eye upon the speaker, but tailing in the attempt, for that orgon would wander all about the room indrfititely, and his mouth was stretched into a strange smile, though he was ic anything btuta gaodlhumosor.. . ": i ft's a mdi' 1w' he lives at aI,'..said Medwin, who was upon the other side of Ranson. " He's always sending in wrong in formation." "That's quite' true," admitted Mr. Scratch. "You see, when there's no information, what's ene to do?" David heard this, and asked in some anxiety. "Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you iuvent thinee to send as news to the papers?"' " Well, you see, I must live," was the reply. David forgot to go on carving for a moment. He was thinking within himself that this accounted for statements in the papers getting contradicted the next day. At tact David went on with his work and with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who was helping himself to the wine rather freely, as indeed most of the company seemed to be doing, without ceremony. "'My nophew tells me you are at Cam bridge," he began (he nearly said " dsir.") " Well, no," replied Winterfold, with an ap proach to a grin. "I was there." " Ahe" aid David, "it's the vacation now, isn't iti When will you be returning 0" This quration was greeted with laughter, espeolally by Denleigh, who explained to David that Wiuterfold was ' down" for a year. "Down P'" said David, interrogatively. "That is. he's not to go back to Cambridge fuor year." "Oh," said David, "I understand you. Your health gave way, I suppose, sir?" "Well, no," rephelsd Whiterfold, who cer. tinly did look in pretty good health. " I was sent down.. Had a difference with the tutor, you know." " Yes," chimed in Denleigh, "and it was an awful shame, for he would have been sure to have come oat Senior Wrangler if he had stayed up." David, out of politeness, felt obliged to con. tinue the conversation. "It must be very pleasant at Cambridge. I psansed through it I once, on my way to Ely, and.I thought it looked very solemrn." " " You'rve rever seen a doegree day, have you,i Mr. Rimmon?" broke in Dealeigh, tosrsing off a glass of wine as e spoke. David confessd that he had net." "Very solemn," said Wintaefold,'" very. I. got elt down because I amiled at one. Yon're not slli wed tosm?ile inthe Senate Houe. Andi yet it's difficult not to do so when yod're so full i of pleasure at the eight of ao much resatoae. I The Public Orator makes a speech in'e;afis?" - i"isather dffieult to follow i't it?"asked .Mr.fimmson. . . "Oh, no, not at all," asserted Winterfold. " We're examined in it after." "I don't quite underetand," said David. '"This is t," put in Denleigh, winking at Winterfold. "They think it well in the universities to train epontaneous memory; and one of the means is to reproduce the Publie Orator's speech." "And when have you to do this ? Soon after. wards ?" asked i)avid. "The following Sunday." answered Winter fold. ' Just before the bermon at the 'V rsity GChfeih."" "I didn't know the had' inything of that. sortin ehoirches" David remarked, considerably astonished. "But I should like to knon' how ,they give the degrees." "Well, the ViceChancellor, you know, he site at one end." " Does he sit waiting for them to come in?" iniluired David, trying to get details. "Oh. no. He has to march three times round the town first, in gorgeous robes, preceded by two big fellows with silver pokers, and masks on; and then they walk all the way up the Senate House, when it's full, to have better effect; after which the Vice-Chancellor sits down, as I told you." "Is anybody allowed to go in " asked David. ( Oh, yes. And it gets pretty full, I can tolls you." "I suppose you cheer your friends when they take their degrse,"I David observed. Winfold shook his head. "Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in the Senate House." "It's very strange," replied David, "but I've somewhere got hold of another impression about that." "Misinformed," said Denleigh, "mieln formed." "The best lark is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. "Those fellows who are going to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as any. body else. They quite patronie the Vice Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the gallenes, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applaud, but, you see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Little go to go in for," went on the speaker, with con siderable warmth; "they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up taking their egree quite so soon. A lot of 'em came and dined at our college, at the high table, wherel used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." " What dotheytalk about, now?"saidDavid, addressing the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. "They did nothing but pay each other compliments. I know one was trying not to got out of temper with another-something about the weight of the world. One said it weighed a quarterof an ounce more than the other; and that's how it wae, I think." "Really," said David, "I had no idea that gentlemen went to universities to amuse them selves-really I hadn't." The three undergraduates laughed on hear ingthis. "Look here, Mr. Iimmon," said Harris, with great solemnity, "I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor got wind of us, and the slavey let hlm into the house. You've no idea what awful slaveys those lodging.house ones are. Thbre ought to be a university regulation to make thets wash themselves; you'dr say so if you could see one. Well. when I heard the proctor coming ri elairs-" " What is a proctort?" asked David. - " Oh. a kind of univeisity policeman," re plied Harris. " Injust locked the door, and let those two swarm down a rope I've got, into the street, and there they were, you know;. and I. made out there was something the matter with thelock, until they had gone c'ean .ff', down theropeatanyrate. When the proi:tor came in, he saw only me and my readling- lamp and ny hooks. He was quite smazed when 1 asked him if anything were the natter - qulite politely, you may be sure. He said he cer tainly thought he heard an uproar eomiue from this very window. I suggested the rooms opposite as the seat of the disturhance, and complained of the difficulty of working while-there was such'a row." "That' was a very narrow eccape'; "said David. "I hope it was a lcesrn to you all." '" O1h.'" _remarked bSprii, gewood .?dersively. "L-duu'tcall that avnttbinnof a sittutii;n . - \- " You try it, tiat's all," fdin' Denoiigh, Iholly.. . "HIe'll try a rope in another position," sl gested Scratch, who was getting rather izs g.ne, and hiccupped consider.biy. " I'mt not going to give you the pleasure of writing that paregraph;" retorted Springwood. ' You iead better learn to rakeks e r? f thse youS have. Oh,"he said, turnlilng to Hanson, 1 I wish Ihad half that tellow's chances. Ie's ealway-s. ioing them. uoly he other day he was sent specially to report" oin the health of a certain member of Parinameut wil.o had been lyin?r ar the point of death, add while he was waiting for ltestdetaile., behaeed if he didn't goano get drunk, and when the details were given him. he couldu't understand a word of it..and there was nothing in the papernext iorning about it." SrBut there was a jolly row," .Scratch allowed. . I wonder they:hadi any more'to do with you on the paper," observed Mtdwin, who said very little, but generally managed to make that little offensive. "' Theyknew whom to value," said Scratch, laboriously. '" It's more than you seem to." "I tell you another thing Scratch did," re marked Hanson. " Yu?'ug Rimmon doesn't know it, I think. lie went to a great tem. perance mneting, where Lord Winterfold was' presiding.' " Ah," said Winterfold, appreciatively, " my dad's awful on the teetotal question.": " "Ysou haven'timbiLed much of his spirit, at any late," puti Juhbal, laughing. " I prefer to imbibe spirit of another sort." replied Winterfold. This was pretty evident from his action at this moment. The gentleman about whom the story was to be told began a devil's tat oo on the table wish two glasses, to drown the voice of the narrator. Mr. Hanson only raised his voice. and was perreitly audible; while Medwlin, who was his supporler'n allthinge, took the glassesfrorm Scratch's hands, and flung the is quie ly under the table, for which he was applauded. " I eay Scratch went to this meeting where Lord W utesfold was presidin g; sent on pur dsee toreport his spe~oh, anr he hanged if he didn't go drunk to rthe meeting andl fail e?leep in the middle of it, and just half of the speech was reported in the paper next day. and the compooaitr bad to make nomethinu up to round it sof a bit." . " " It wasn't the compositor," exclaimed the indignant Scratch, " who roundel it off." L I hat'squite immaterial t4o the story," said Medwsn. " Somebody had to round it off, at any rate, whether it was the compositor or the devil." '" And yet he wasn't turned off thepaper." I said Hanson. " Hereyou behold him lourieh inglike a green bay tree. You wouldn't take I him to be a poet, now, to look st him," went on his tormentor. The whole company agreed that they cer tainly should not. " Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, that got publiabshud in the ' Kalgaroo,' that he got hais poeiioi. Hewae dly a peony.a-lueer before then, and now he can take what he likes." Scratch anuggeeted that he should like totake some cherry hbrandy, and forthwith he helped himself, after which he turned very affection ately toSpringwood, and announced his inten lion of dying if Juliet did not return his affecticn. " She cares no more for me," said journalist, "than if I were nobody," which was probably the truth. David began to be alarmed at the pospect o some privale revelation. uone followed, how. ever. BurtScratch fervently promised Spring wood that he would write the best notice imagimable about the noew burlesque then coming on. "Look here, old fellow," he said, " you shall write down what you want me to say, and 1"11 put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hands, and Scratch invited himself to lunch at Spring wood's the following Monday, where he would catch a glimpse of Miss Juliet before she went ; to rehearsal. fere.. without any prelude, fr:" Denleigh snnounced in song his intention of not going home till morning. All the company, except David, joiuned him in this, and a great noise senued. It was about3 o'clock in the momrinlg when a flood of light shot across the path from The Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figures turnedl out, still insisting that they were not going home till morning. Most of them had not far to go, duortnnately. Dut LSpringwood and., Scrathbhad to get into the heart of Manehester somehow. Als a matter of fact they didu't'ret heme at all that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's. aittin down on a stodsein the high road-, and efuwag to stir, declaring in asepulchral tones that this was the headutone of the grave of his fallen genius. SAs for Jbual, he ws stretceid at fulllength I under the diningroom table, until his uncle and the waiter carnried him upitsirs; the iormer, wretched a daed, nomt ma the least knowing wht aetiea to take, ad repenting ua.bitterly Ithat he hil adoptedJubi CIIAPTEP. LL.-Tux DELEcons.. About two miles outside Bowdon was i dreary stretch of land, productive chiefly of thistles. A widish brook intersected this piece of waste, and- pollard willows of gaunt and weird propo.tions flourished oti its banks.' No other trees were to be seen, with the exception of three solitary straight poplars that stood sentinel over a bed of oilers. The land was putto no sort of use, and had a maus-and-God forsaken aspect rarely to be met-with, but not easily to he iorgotten..jWo a cwsgrazed there; no cottageri made use of flie'idesrted"ilace to run pigs or ducks ont, no birds ever. ieenied to be singing in the immuediaee neighbourhood; not even a donkey browsed there, though his favourite herb was most abundant. A narrow footpath lar right across it by the side of ithe brook, and finally crossed'the brook by a little - bridge, with a ratit on one site only. The path was not much worn, as there was a more direct road than across these fields to almost any whereit could lead to. At one season of year it nearly always became flooded. The people who ownled this landd lived in an old- fashioned great house, situate in a valley about half a mile distant irons it. The reader might conclude either that there was no master tothiseetablishment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the case. Colonel Denleigh scareoly ever left the house,.which everyone else in it devoutly wishedi hecould leave. They led but a dreary ife. exept when the colonel's nephew and a chance friend came homine from Cambridge. Mrs. Dealeich, a tall lady, with much to boast of in the way of aneastors, and an indescribable air of irver far a moment for getting that she used to he young and good looking, invited such society as could be got together, considering that her husband was a confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to quarrel, and that she was encumbered with a rather plain daughter, who, if she did not know that shewas plain, had the lesson pretty well drummed into her in her daily contact with herworthy parents. t will be imagined. that Winterfold's advent was aperfectgodsend. SFor who knows," said Mrs. Denleigh to her husband, when Ite was int a rather better tempser than usual, which was not Ssaying much, "but what he may marry Amelia off ourhads? I do think there's nothingso disagreeable andirritating to see a girl meta morphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes." "' None of the other fellows that have come here have married her," retorted her husband, snappishly. "Everybody isn't such a born fool as I was." Mrs. Denleigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that she went on without noticing it. "It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties and to balls. She doesn't show there. She shines in a domestic light. Therefore if we wish to marry her, -we -must bring young men to stay in the house and see what she is." "lf she shines in a domestic light," said the irritable father, " it's more than her mother does." This conversation, with slight variations, took place at least once or twija in every vaca tion, when Allan proposed to bring a friend home. On Sunday morning following the party at The Chesnuts, the colonel, with the aid of the the butler and one or' two more servants, had been landed in the breakfast parlour, and was angrily looking out on adreary stretch of lawn, and a partially frozen fishoond at the bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always I vexed him. It was the one drawback to Sun day, in his opinion. For this reason it was but peevsbhly that he replied to the greeting of Winterfold, who enutered the rotm as faded looking as any painted beonuty appears at her breakfast-table after a night's revel. " MIorning," grunted the colonel. "Think we shall have any skating?" asked Winterfold, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a. silk handkerchief. '-How can I tell?" replied the colonel. "The weather's nothing to do with me. Iwish they'd bring that breakfast in. Where's Allan P?" " Here, uncle," said that gentleman, enteriing the room as washed-out as his companion. 'Its you want me for anything?" "'Where's Amelia?" " Hang it all, uncle, what's up with you this morniag?" The colonel made no reply, but continued to scowl thraugh the.window. - ",WWsVh-ii -Amelia came idn,`,idnoddiid toieh - cousin and his companion, and kissed the colonel's forehead, ohe seated herself at the table to dispense the breakfast, which had been brought in on her entrance. Perhaps she was a trifle plain, but shb looked vesy pleasant, which was a creditto her in such a place. "Are you going to help sue up to the table or notS" said the colonel to hibs nephew. " Why, certainly, sir." replied the individual. " But you unght ask in a different manner." And Wtutorfold on one side, and Denleigh on the other, etcorted the bristling colonel to his accuttmed seat. Conversation was not readily made, as the two young gentloens had headaches; the older gentleman, a get al ache all over, produced by combiuet rheumatism and gout, which, in fact, had criplled hitm. As for Amelia she never I talked much-perhaps because her elders had set her the example of talking a great deal more I than they should have done. She did, how ever, ass it her, cousin and Mr. W'interfold 1 wrse guaig to clhtral a ith her. '" Wre iiay as well go," said Denleigh to his compaiion, ra.h.r than in answer, to his counsin. " tWe may see those girls." " What girls? ' inquired the colonel. " Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know," replied Allan, " aut we know where they live; and I wish aunt would call on their folks." " What are they. hlke?" the colonel proceeded to ask, with a show of interest. - S".Rather dili'ilt to describe," said his nepheu. "They are both tall. But I think the dark one's the prettiest.. She's more pilouatt.'at aly rate." SThe colonel, who was always desirous to add to his cquanintance any goad-looking women, mentially resolved thlthis wife should call upon then, whoever they were, and invile them to his next dinner, if they could be got to come. But he remarked aloud, not being able to ex press this to his wife at the moment, that he did wish Mrs;: Denleigh would leave off that habit of having breakfast in bed, and come down, asary other lady would. Before breakfast was finished. Mrs. DEcleigh did arrive, but dreserd for church. " Look here, aunt,' began Allan at once, " I'll show you those young ladies I spoke of to-day. They are sure to be at church, and uncle wants you to call on them.," "' Which I shall not d) until I can find out who they are." raid the proud ILdy, with a haughty and disdainful look at hler husband. "t If anry gentlemen are content to make in discriminate acquaintancPs, they can scarcely expect their wives to follow snit." That morning after church Denleigh managed to got the RIector's wife to introduce the ladies in question to his aunt. After a few common p laes remarks, the ladies passed on, and Mrs. iDenleig asked the itector't wife who they They are two widows who live together," was tite stely. " Very quiet, and keep a great deal to tthemelva,; 5 have hsard. Myans band has been insisting that I should get them out.'," "But do you mean to tell me," said Mrs. Denleigh, "that that one with the short black curls is a widow? She doesn't look out of her tons." "She is a widow, and has a little boy. I have seen him out with hbia nurse. But she is very groes-grained, and will hardly let you look at the child." A few minutes later, as they were walking along the road bordering on the waste land we have spoken of, Wmterfold descried two black figures moving leisetrely along at the side of the brock. He i*,dicatcd the fact to his fsirnd; and when once the lauies of thetr own party had turned round the corner which led into their own grounds, Winterfold rand enleigh made a simultaneous rsth towards the little bridge that led across the brook into the waste land. and then walked leisurely enough toward. the two black advancing figures. "VWe must take off our hats, because, yonsee, we have been introduced," said WVinterfold. " We've no need to wait for them." They were quite close to the ladies now, and off went the hats. Tlhe two girls bowed slightly and gravely, and passed o, talkiung together. The yotlrg men were now uncertain what to do. "We toay as weil go on to the high road," eastd Denleigh. " They are baund to come back this way, unless they ~o by the high read: for that way leads nowhere ex.ept to our house or ise following them. Deuced cheek, whichever it is." And as the stranger passed by them, they greeted him with a haughty stare, whic he returned with one equally haughty. (To sE COSrTIuOBD.) If we may trust a native paper at Illmbay, the llindoo nose-ring is domed. A meeting of members of the CuteheeVeesa Ihwal caste had been held at Mandvie Blunder, whEn it was resolved that :hereafter their women should witir av. loer ifa the nose, instead of.the .cultohlazy sto_,-eing.- It was stated that the: \--earing cf ooserings had led tot' much uan Sfavourable comment," and lit was further re solved that if any woman were in future to -wear a no.tetrig,sh -would.be "libel toin "fine of lord. 4s.'annas, in addition to forfeiture of the oenamastb." -" , • • 