Continued i-rom Saturday's isstrts. [all rights késfikvttd.] BY ORDEll OF THE CZAR, THE TRAtilC STORY OF ASNA KLOSSTOCK, TSÉ QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "Cruel Lokdox," u tire tftafee Recruits," " joss " etc. £Xkt iv. CHAPTER II. Only a WOMA.S-. Philip Forsyth's mad infatuation frould have confirmed him, as Fereali \Vut it, but for the persistentop^osffioil of the Countess Stravensky. I? Fhilip did not take the final oatfe ta was, nevertheless, accepted as au ftttxiliary of the association. It was only íor conscience sake that the Countess resis ted this last act of the young artist's wild de-, votion. As she put, it to her comwdefr, Ko was sufficiently their ally without 'completing the treaty of secrecy ?iff. service. Ferrari saw in this'act of friendship, not to say lovo, the first sign of weakness in Anna's character. It did not occur to him that she had achieved the work of vengeance which had stimulated and held together her alliance with the brotherhood. Since the Ghost of the Lagoon had east its lurid shadow upon Russian despotism, the Countess Stravensky had found little room in her heart for thoughts and feelins-s Which hitherto had been engrossed iti thfe one idea of her resurrection» from death and torment in the Czarovna Hospital. On the efe of that supreme act of vengeance in the Venetian Palace, Anna had been strangely moved, as we have already seen, by the infatuation of Philip Forsyth ¡ not so much on his account, as for the memories, which it revived of her happy girlhood, fsh'é had in lonely moments seen fti t/his boyish love of the English artfist 'Something like a ■ spiritual resuscitation youthful Rabbi Losinski. Her tWghts, which for years had only gone fet-ck to the village of Czarovna with shuddeting rememberances of its tragic overthrow, now found opportunities for io'V teui plating the light and sweeties which preceded the advent of the (3'd'vernor Petrono vitch. She had. permitted her fancy to "Y>Uidor back to the great house at the en . trance of-Ac Ghetto, the Jewish celebrations ! of ieiVes and flowers and harvest, of births I sua deaths, of religious institutions atvi cus toms. She saw herself a child, sifting at her mother's knee, and weeping at her mother's grave ; noted h<?w quickly in her infant mind t'nis latter memory had mellowed with time int" r»ll engrossing affection for her father, giving her almost womanly duties in her girl hood, and offering her sympathies towards ! ever soul in the Ghetto. Even on the first day of her arrival to fulfil what to her was a sacred mission at Venice, she had sat for hours silently in her red gondola dreaming of his happy past, in the one model Jewish village of that great Empire, where the fires of revolt and persecution are for ever smouldering with threatening and awful possibilities. Ferrari, with the instinat of his race and the subtle understanding of the born con spirator, felt that Anna's sympathy for Philip Forsyth boded no good to the cause. He ventured to say so, both to Philip and to ¡ Anna herself. ¡ Anna answered liim with reference to the successful incident of the movement with which she had been associated ; dwelt upon the tremendous sensation that had been created in the courts of Europe by the ven geance of A'enice ; and confessed that she could not find it in her heart to make the one great sacrifice he now demanded of her, to cast off Philip Forsyth. " If I cut him off from us," she said, "with the assurance that he would return to his home and duty, you might count upon me. But it is his misfortune to have fallen under some strange spell which we possess." " Which you possess" said Ferrari. I "It is all the same," she said. " mission, he claims, is his mission. ^ j ^ disguise from myself that he . i.„h I find in his companion^ trM' ' j sure. 1 lo conf^g said Ferrari, " is to confess y0U are no ionger true to the .Votherhood." "True!" she exclaimed. "Do you then impeach me ? In what respect am I un true V' "You knew," said Ferrari, "that you are, the first woman I have trusted. You know that I have always been opposed to confiding our section of our brotherhood to the con stancy of a woman." "In which you are," said the Countess, " illogical. Was it not Sophie Provskaya who gave the signal for Ryeakovis attack which carried off the Emperor you most hated ?" "But which," rejoined Ferrari, "you most condemn." "I?" she exclaimed. " Have you not," he said, " changed our latest programme 1 Have you not more'than once declared ' we are conspirators, but not assassins ?' llave you not repudiated the term Nihilist, as it is applied to the party of revolution and reform in Europe ?" "For a foolish word," she said, "which does not interpret us or our ambition. Do I not rejoice in the coming revolt of the Army 1 Do I not glory in the agrarian fires of. the peasant ? Do I pause at an act of vengeknee —a life for a life 1 Ask me to rival Sophie Provskaya, the risk of my own life for the annihilation of a thousand Petronovitches, one by one or in companies, and I am equal to the occasion ; but cast me for a dynamite plot, involving the lives of innocent people, and leading tono political result, but'as suredly to be followed by the execution of some of our own comrades, and I resist !" " But," said Ferrari, " given the great re sult, given the signal for a general upheaval, for the rallying of the great forces of revolu tion, the overthrow of a vile and bloody tyranny, the establishment of a consultation, in short, for fulfilment of the great and glorious programme of constitutional liberty and national freedom—what then 1" "Assure me of this Ferrari, and I am with you. Assure me that we may hope, in one I in one great sacrifices to break the Russian chains, and at the same time to bring our brothers and sisters to the Promised land, flowing with milk and honey, and I am with you. But you must convinco me, Ferrari; otherwise, dear friend, I pau--e with the vic tory of Venice : and could I forecast the end of all for me, I would ask no other blessing than to die in my father's arms away in his Siberian captivity. Nay, do not start, Fer rari ; I could say this to no other. You re member the good, generous, kindly merchant the devoted father, the staunch friend, the martyr 1" "Then you have heard" said Ferrari, calmy, " from your father ?" " Not from him but of him," she said, a melancholy smile stealing over her pale fea tures. " The despatch you received in Paris ?" said Ferrari. "The same. It came through the Russian Ambassador." " The one secret you have withheld from me," said Ferrari. "Not withheld said the Countess, "only postponed. The influence of the Count Stravensky, my dear frind and successor, was beneficial. It gave my father means ; it secured communication with Moscow and St. Petersburg. Not at once 1 Oh, no ! It took three years before relief of any kind came to him : four years, five years, six,— and to-day, Ferrari, he is in his own peaceful rooms in an agricultural village away beyond the mountains, tended by a Siberian servant, and resigned, waiting for the end. As you so long regarded him as dead to me, as I have so long accepted that position, so he has regarded us,—dead, Ferrari, dead ! If I should see him .again it would be a foretaste of Paradise for him, for me perhaps." "It is this romantic attachment of yours to Forsyth that has unnerved you." " Then I thank him for it, on my knees, Ferrari. If he lias relighted that human lamp within my breast which shows me the past in the present, what humanly I was, then thank God Ferrari, for His interposi tion." "So it does not cast its betraying light upon the forthcoming enterprise of the brotherhood, I am willing to say 'Amen' to that. I can find in my own heart, Anna Klosstock, one drop of patience, when I re member that it was I who brought down upon your father's house the hand of per secution and murder; that it was I who made the trail of death, of the sword and fire which the Christain fiends followed to the peaceful streets pf the Czarovna settle ment." ' . " You have had your revenge, Ferrari,and I mine." . "No, no, 'riir %£iler. I have no love tokerts oí "the past, no young English woman revive it if I had, My vengeance is never complete.^ Woman can come between me AGU ffiy righteous ambition, between me and my sacred duty, as Philip Forsyth comes between you ana yours.' " I will not have it so,Fert,ati: and Í claim your firm and faithflil alleging ft} hie( all allegiailce not of Uatll or Vows, but of mutual stiffening "and mutual wrong. If it has pleased our Father Abraham that in this al liance of ours the woman at las^ ahull be weaker than the man, do nVj't t^ame me. Judge of me in the ftiWie as you have known me ih.the P'áYu, but do not ask for the im póósibíe; do not ask for a destroying angel in a mere woman of the people ; do not ask for the spiritual in the mortal; do not ask for a miracle—I am only a woman 1" CHAPTER III. Drcic CnF.Twy.vn Says "I Ferrari's instinct was fctUQi ííiS júdgnl'éht of Anna lílos3t^f wiis tíbhilrmed by results. ít Weeded no traitor in the camp to frus trate the operations which took him and Anna and the rest by the various routes to St. Petersburg. , The mainspring of the movement was altered. It was a question of nerve. Ferrari had detected it. There had been no secrets between him and Anna until her previous visit to London, when Philip Forsyth crossed h >r path ; but he had been reassured, touching any feat's he might have experienced in Anna's eoUfcnsioH dí íléüp ih terest in Philip', heir magnificent campaign of ¡Str&tegy; and vengeance on the Grand Canal. Her outbreak of emotional memories, however, oji the eve of the brotherhood's united action in St. Petersburg, hfidj a§ we have seen in the previous chapter, shaken his faith in the ifteiital and physical strettgth of his Am&üottian associated But fchérs was Was no course tif chefck Opfeli lu iilm ill regard to the j\"ihilis'tTc 'iaVáhee. All lie could do in líió way of strengthening the outposts, guards and sentinels of the conspiracy, ha carried out with firm exactitude. He hoped to have kept the action clear from any asso ciation with what Anna called her nUxilliary aid, Philip Forayth, Wno travelled in her company tí St. Petersburg, the Countess fitWvensky's private secretary, vice for the time being, Ferrari resigned. Her .Italian comrade passed into Russia through a different port, and in ono of his most complete disguise^ . tMl'd Countess and her maid, accompanied by Philip and her cowries Went openly to St. Petersburg, Vniere the young artist was duly introduced into the highest society by his illustrious patroness. Her visit was understood to be simply one of rest and Bocial duty, "en route" for the scene of her husband's estates, whither some business of chafity cállM lldt. WitMn a few df>.ys liar arrival she set out for tf>p 'nWrior, or was understood to have doYic so ; but what happened was an enter prise of an entirely different character. The Countess made her "adieux," and dis appeared from society and the world of St. •Petersburg, prior to taking her place in the ranks of the brotherhood, accompanied by Philip in a disguise which she had prepated for him ; but not before conjuring hi»l to leave her and her associates to return hokne while lie could safe to his family and friends. But Philip had only one -negative fceply to ml her warnings, and in sootó strangfyiin?iCCouiifc able way, the Woman who had been for years the companion of strong men bound together by patriotic oaths and emotions of revenge, found the infatuation which Bhe exercised upon the voluntaty y'óulÁg t^i'.e from London reflected li.ick \Jbo'A herself. She tried to think thit fate had given to her the comfort t>l his companionship that fortuno^ perhaps, had placed him by her side as a new human impulse, an added arm in the great work which, Ferrari assured her, would be the signal for the coming millenium of their race and the overthrow of the Colossus of Despotism which threatened to bestride the civüised world. Ferrari had of iate over and over again expounded. t0 Anna Klosstock (in whom, after his hopes of success in the latest enterprise of his career were centred) the tremendous growth of the ' revolutionary strength in Russia which had taken place under the new Czar, Alexander III. While admitting the numerically small numbers of the organising and executive forces, Ferrari liad shown Anna by docu mentary and other evidence, the Vast' exten sion of the movement toward which they oc cupied the van; and while receiving in secret conclave the reports of the advance which was being made right through the services, they both chiefly rejoiced in the prospects of the propaganda amohg the peasants, who had in many districts: and under more or less anthoritative encourage ment, worked their will upon the Jews, but had of late entered into secret agrarian al liances with their Semitic fellow- citizens against the nobles and landed proprietors. Jews throughout the provinces-most in sympathy with the holy cause had been wel comed into secret societies; and it> was Bet forth in a recent important work by Tikh'o mirov that one of the great significant politi cal facts of the moment was a definite trans ition of anti-Semitic into agrarian troubles. The people, finding it difficult to form peasant parties, had organised secretsocieties, one of which, having wide and powerful ramifications, liad contributed a new brother to the Ferrari organisation. Everything looked well and promising -for the first signal of revolt, which, being made in St. Petersburg, was to act as a beacon-fire over a wide and extensive district of out posts, military, civil and agrarian, in which many classes, official and otherwise, were engaged. The train was laid. It was the patriotic duty of Ferrari and his confederates tp light the match which should bring about that great popular rising which is the hope and purpose of the great popular movement throughout the Empire. On the day which was to bring about such great results St. Petersburg was unusually gay, and to a stranger it might, even have seemed as if, for the time being, both mili tary and police had made some.special relaxa tion in their discipline and duties . of sur veillance. But everything in St. Petersburg is more or less mysterious. No mail can account for the under-current, which ebbs and flows and rashes hither and thither beneath the sur face of its ordinary life. It is' a calm sea, that flows insidiously above-jutting rocks, moving sands, and dangerous eddies; The police of Russia aro as secret as the Revolutionists. Both are as active; and on this momentous occasion, the authorities, instead of having relaxed their watchful guardianship over the Imperial power, were especially lynx- eyed, well informed, and alert, as was only too completely manifested to the little band of conspirators under the leadership of Andrea Ferrari. It is a rare occurrence in open daylight for the police to disturb the citizens by an im portant arrest. These operations aro generally reserved for the stillness and re pose of the night; but on this busy sunny day a little troop of police and military were taking very devious routes outside the lead ing thoroughfares, quietly surrounded a house near the Trvreda Gardens, iv.hich had been for four and twenty hours under the eye of an astute detective force. The result was one of much greater importance to St. Petersburg and the Czar than his officers understood. It prevented the ignition of that train of fire which had been laid with so much skill and patience, and it added to Russia's political prisoners, among others to whom the readers of this history arc in terested, Anna Klosstock, Andrea Ferrari, Phillip Forsyth, Ivan Ivostanzhoglo, and Paul Petroski. Fortunately, so far as their immediate existance was concerned, the plot, as it presented itself to the police, was of a minor character; presenting under then investigation none of those grave and serious features which really belonged to' it, and like many other revolutionary enterprises'in Russia, it was nipped in the bud without ex siting any particular attention. It formed, however, during several weeks an interestinc political subject in the hands of an English correspondent attached to a great London journal, and it was through this medium that Lady Forsyth and Dick Chetwynd became isquainted with the unhappy position of the Countess Stravensky's companion. The newspaper correspondent informed the English public that among the prisoners recently tried and condemned to a period of exile in Siberia, was a young Englishman who, having first given an assumed name to his captors, had confessed that he was Philip Forsyth, an artist, of London*; a student at the Royal Academy, the son of an ominenfc engineer, who had lived and died in Russia, leaving behind a son, Philip and his mother, Lady Forsyth, a widow, of London. The young fellow, said the corresponden}^ had uou'bt given theso particulars in the hope ¡ of some intervention on the part of his 1 ■ family. The plot with which ho was as- ¡ | sociated was nut rejjaulcd as of uuy ' very great importance by tho authorities, oxcept that it compelled them to make an : cXainplo of the persons concerned) una of ¡ whom, an Italian Jáw nattied Ferraris haviftg strangled his sister; lmd succeeded In dom» njittiiigc. sUicide iti ptisoii ; another, Ivan Kostanzhogló, was santentied to lifelong im1 prisonment; a third, Paul Petrosti,ij. to ¿¡ short period of detention and p. fourth^ a remarkably Iwndscme woman, who having, ¿s hi the case of the English artist, given at the outset a false name, had confessed under pressure that she was Anna Klosstock, and that the object of her association with ¡ Ferrari and the rest of the confederacy, lay chiefly in the hope that she might bo sent to Siberia to join her father. It appeared that during the risinga against the Jews some ton years previously) this woman's father had been Bériteriüed to.eJüteí which had bean oonj áideÜaUy modified under official influence;, that she had lived a wandering life, think ing he was dead ; but having been in the service of the Countess Stravensky two years previously in Paris, she had discovered thas her miBtress had already interested her self on behalf of her father and had procured him some concessions in regard to punish ment. Tho story was, the correspondent stated, a curious romance in its way, seeing that the Gountesa had exercised her. influence in favoUr of the girl's father before Anna Klos stock herself camo into her service. Amongst the few papers discovered on the occasion of their arrest, was a letter from the Countess StWnVeiisky which had been found In the prisoner's possession ¡ bearing out in various details the story of the woman's life» The poliée had niadtí is SpetihU. fcjfoFt td re ¿éiVe tütrfóráSlHelit of tliis froiü tlie Cotliiteás herself, but had been unable to find her. She had passed through St. Petersburg only a few days previously, to the neighbourhood of Czarovna, in the province of Vilna- . vitch, where her husband, the Count, had formerly resided, and no doubt in due course the police would hear from her lady ship. In the meantime, however, the judge took a lenient view of Anna Klosst-ock's case, and he more or less benevolently seiitericed llefrto Siberia; lyld jit. is Urtdktstoad that by the ot'tler of tne Czar, who has taken some per sonal interest in these arrests, she will be permitted to join her exiled father. The news of Philip's arrest and conviction created a profound sensation in London. Not a moment was lost in bringing to bear such influence as Lady Forsyth and her friends possessed upon the Foreign Oftico to put tho English Minister in communication with tíiiá tíoVefHirieiifc lii St. Ftitetet'tirrj; but the most practical and important action was discussed nud decided upon in family council at Dorset-square. " Yes, certainly, Dick," said Mrs. Chet wynd, "you are right; it is the only thing to bo dono." •' I know the country," said Diek, "but it is a set'ioUs Undertaking;'1 " All great enterprises nra earioua," said his \Vifd: " EVery possible influeiice thdt is to be got of coursei I éan procuro" said, Diekj thrust ing llié llallas deep! ititcJ His pack ¡its !tnd pacing the little Bireakfast-rbÜm; \Miere the principal moriiing papers had been flung down after perusal; the leading journal, however; still in Clietwyijd'á hStids. " It.iViU tíy ¡i, irr&iil; Batirifiiie Ití niiike for both oí'lis, Dick, if yoii hail not, travelled on far more dangerous missions I believe I would not let you think of it." j It will be a costly service, too," said Dick, " not only as regards time but money. I think I know^the Foreign secretary in St. Peters burg, and my decoration at the hands of the late Emperor should serve me. It is a good thing for Philip that I happen to be com missioned to the Russian instead of the Tur kish headquarters." Dick walked about and soliloquised, half responding to his wife's remarks, partly to his own reflections. '' Besides, you are lucky, Dick. I do not think in all your career you have ever made a serious mistake—not even when you mar ried me." " My dear," said Dick, taking her genial face between his hatids aild kissing her heartily, " the otily danger of my life was the possibility of eVfir missing the gddd chance that brought Us together; and I hAve never made a mistake except when I have not acted upon your advice." " Dick, my dear," said Mrs. Chotwynd, •irmly, "yoii must go to Russia, and bring that foolish boy hoiiie to his niother." " I will," said Dick." {Tobe Continued.) 