THEATRE ROYAL. THE LIGHTS O' LONDON. t The Gould Drift Dramatic Company have been fortunate in receiving for their last week the stirring sensational drama entitled 'The Lights of' London. Although tolerably familiar to playgoers, the version introduced , last evening was of a new and interesting character, and gave occasion for the introduction of several novelties. A feature of the note was the exchange of characters by the two principals, Mr. Duff appearing as the virtuous hero, and Mr. Gerald us the villain. The change proved satisfactory, and found favour with the audience. Mr. Duff gave a fine rendering of Harold Armytage, the wronged son, bringing out the pathetic passages with realistic effect, whilst Mr. Gerald played the villain in a non. opulent and daring style that drew forth groans from the gallery. MISS Alice N Norton gave an excellent render- ing of Bess Marks', the wife of the hero, and played through the many vicissitudes of a " trying part with good taste, never straining unduly after effect, although there were many temptations to do so. The i rural scenery amidst which the drama opens, was well staged, but it was when the country gives place, to the city that the real interest in the play commenced. Jin route to the great city, there were many humorous incidents on the road, the principal actors being a travelling show corn puny Mr. George Leopold found a congenial character in Too jarvis, the travelling show- man. His improvised gang was smart and witty,, and his Sliukcapuri in snatches fairly convulsed the audience. Miss Herrick, as Mrs. Jarvis, ably assisted in the development of the full, and introduced some truly feminine touches, which were received with much favour. Miss Hustwick acted very' acceptably as the hope of the Jarvis', and a continued ripple of merriment por vailed the audience while the comical family I was on the stage, The scene entitled V The Lights of London " was admirably staged. A park occupied the foreground, behind which was the River Thames, while in the background was a realistic picture of the city with its many and, varied lights. The first part of the picture afforded scope for the introduction of sketches of the soul my side of life as seen in the older European cities. On a seat in the park lay two The main figures huddled together for warmth. Aroused by a policeman from a drunken slumber they skulk off, after a display of Cooknoy slung, which still further reveals the lamentable condition in which people of that class live. 'Huddled away in a corner' is a street waif, whom the audience fail to See until aroused by an officer of the law, and the little folio a- eagerly welcomes the idea of going to prison in order to obtain, food, warmth, and shelter.' Those realistic portrayal of the annals of the poor " as told in a '? great ' city excited the sympathy of the audience, and added to the tragic interest of the. drama. To this,' however, there was a pleasant set-off in the Punch 'and Judy show, which formed one of the street scenes. The familiar squeak ''of the popular marionette was warmly welcomed, and for a time interest in the drama was as lost in the contemplation of the time-honoured domestic squabbles of Punch and J udy, and the subse quentailveuturesof Punch with the policeman, the ghost, and the doctor. The puppets were manipulated by Mr. Crowhurst and added greatly to the success of the scene,'' Mr. Costello gave a good account of the character of Syuiio Armitage, but was even more successful in the London policeman. Mr, Leake played South Picone in an able manner, and Miss Hustwick was highly successful us Hetty Picone, considering the other exact- ing character she was called upon to sustain. The drama was staged in a complete manner, and the scenery splendidly painted. Taken as a whole the play was a great success, and the audience evinced its entire satisfaction by calling the loading perior much' before the curtain at the close of each not. The Lights of' London will be repeated until further notice. a 