FRO ADBEIM'S NEW YOBK LETTER. It's a mighty poorty foight as it stands. David. Bennett Hiil is Governor, David 'Bennett Hill is Senator. But a man can't hold two offices at once. Oh, can't he though '? but he does. Ho is the Senator de facto and the Governor de jure, and there he proposes to sLick, till Congress assembles in December next ; and what are you going to do about it? Jones the man, who always pays the freight—and who by the grace of God and si majority of good Democratic votes (four tholisand more than Hill got), is Lieu tenant Governor of the State of New York— thinks that the proper thing fo* David B. to do', would be to step dowfi and out. David IS. don't see it in that light—that is, ncit as Jones Sees it—so he proposes to stick. Jones wants to be Governor and says so, for J ones is not the man who believes that his or any man's kerosene lamp should be concealed, by a half peck measure. No doubt Jones would make an excellent Governor, he makes the best scales that are now on the market, and you can get them as cheap in . California or Maine as you can in New York ; for Jones always pays the freight, and that's the reason Jones is popular. Now he is not only a successful business man; he has a respectable sized bar'l; aiid ho has done good service for his country. When the cry went up from beleagiired Washington in 1861, it was Jones who pays the freight, who led the Sixth Massachusetts through the streets of rebel lious Baltimore and by his timely aid, saved the Capital. But the fellows who make the slates, don't like Jones and apparently they have elected him to stay at home, but they don't know Jones. The man who carried his life in his hand through the blood stained streets of Batlimore, doesn't scarce for a cent before a crowd of Tammany heelers. Jones is a Democrat dyed in the wool, and he is going into tho next Democratic convention, and he says he is bound to win, Hill or no Hill, for it is genornlly understood that tho next Governor, whoever ho may be, must not be averse to sending David B. to the White House. But there bo wheels within wheels. Mayor Chapin of Brooklyn was Slated for the Gover norship, and the most formidable candidate on the list; but Mr. Chapin got caught in rather a bad snap, which practically lays him on the shelf. A band of political schemers secured a franchise from the Legislature to supply the town of New Lots with water. New Lots was a suburb of Brooklyn, and by a recent law was made part of the city. The water pirates made a show of laying pipes and supplying water, and claim to have laid out two hundered thousand dollars, but the affair was such a dead failure that the stock sold for thirty cents on the dollar. This stock was gathered in by a lot of notorious politicians, and when the union was consum mated between Now Lots and Brooklyn they offered to ■ sell their water plant to tho City of Brooklyn for one million and three hundred thousand dollars. Mayor Chapin and two others in secret council agreed to give the rascals this enormous amount of the city's money. A public spirited citizen named Ziegler heard of the infamous transaction, and at his own proper cost procured an injunction, and after a trial quashed the sale and saved the city a million. This was a terrible knock out for tho young man of destiny, Mr. Chapin. Three months ago and the Capitol in Albany was in full sight with a fresh breeze and a flowing sail. To-day it is ques tionableeif you could elect him a con stable. But there bo others who would like to occupy Governor Hill's vacant chair when it is vacant, and a notable figure for. the place is Senator Colonel Bill Brown. He is the gentleman who gave that remarkable dinner at the Manhattan Club where Cleveland and Hill were brought together—a very diilicult job by the way, for it was said that Cleve land thought Hill had sold him out in the Presidential election when he was defeated, and Hill said if Cleveland over said so he was a nother or words to that effect. Well, Brown brought them together ; he gave them a first class dinner, and he had little ducks swimming around in a pond of real water in the middle of the table. The dinner was a miracle of the cuisine, and the wines. Oh my, my, my ! "Well they were ?—Yes. they were, but that made no difference to the Governor for ho neither drinks nor smokes but Grover does, and after dinner one account of the meeting was that the ex-President rushed into the Governor's'' arms an.<l saici . [• Dave, old boy, how are you > Th£ Governor K reached halfway around the erb-'P'resident e-| ponderous girth, and said, Grover, C>W' top; I f; feel bully ' how's the old gal ? Therii1 !• forty-seven different accounts of the meeting11 the next morning, and not two of them alike. ? jEvery respectablo' journal in the city had | three separate interviews by eyewitnesses | and every one was- different. One account I said they merely, noticed each other, and I another only that -the prescnca of the gal- I lant Col. Brown, prevented them from com- I ing to blows. Yon pays your money and yos I takes your' choice. Well' the upshot of j it is that Col. Browns candidate fori Governor, and he is going for it, tooth 1 and nail. Rosv.-ell B. Flower, Congress- | man ffom the 12th Congressior/sit Dis- J trict has intimated that he might bo porstJtcfed to accept, etc , etc., ctcr Jonss was in hops* that March the ith would would svttle it—it • has; Hill sticks.- , It's :i long junVpfrom' politics to literature, \ but I take it for the sake of getting otrt. This week we had the BraytMi Ives sale of rare old books and priceless manuscripts, such as one meets only a few times fw a; life. Bare, indeed, and choice were they, foif they con tained in their wondrous pages tlitf g.-Vniered wisdom of the, world forages. Man/ at the matchless volumes were hoary with ag'i' £nd sanctified by association. The compafi^ brought together at this sale was such as is not often met with in an auction room. It lacked the fierce business speculative element that you meet with in art sales, where the purse-proud parvenu bears off the prize he can never appreciate, from the lover of art to whose life it would have been a well-spring of delight. It was a grave, reverend and scholarly crowd, and even the dealers who secured some of the choicest prizes, were the intellectual peers of any of the company. The great- interest of the sale centered in the Guttenberg Bible, of which few copies exist, and a mm might live a long life and never see another offered for sale. After an ex ceedingly sharp competition it .was knocked down for fourteen thousand dollars. What! fourteen thousand dollars for a bible 1 Yea, what's that ? Why, eighteen thousand five hundred dollars were paid for an insignifi cant piece of pottery—the Peach Blow Vase, and by the by the by here is something for bric-a-brac hunters to reflect on. In this collection is a Peach Blow Vase ; Mr. Bray ton Ives by his catalogue conveys the idea that this is the real Simon Pure Peach Blow Vase. Itis'generally accepted that the vase was purchased at the Morgan Sale by Mr. Walters of Baltimore, is the genuine article. The only way to settle it would be for some of our Croesus to buy both. I have no doubt forty or fifty thousand would do it. Who'll bid 1 But to return to the Guttenberg Bible. Why should it not be reverenced 1 Why should it not command a mighty price 1 It is the most sacred volume known to Christian literature. It marked the grandest revolution in in tellectual advancement that the world has seen since creation's dawn. It not only made j God's Gospel possible to untold millions, yet to be, but it was an incentive to genius and ! philosophy to give its hoarded wisdom wings that it might become the common heritage of man for all future time. Chioago secured the Guttenberg Bible ; and while I think New York would have been a more fitting cuotodian, and the Metropolitan Art Museum a more worthy temple for its keeping, if it had to go away I am glad Chicago got it, and hope that it may lead to a spiritual revival among the hard characters with which that city abounds, so that by the time the fair is started in 1893, it may have had a moral and spiritual purgation that shall make it almost as virtuous as New York. I There were many other books, notably the "Book of the Hours," which brought five tiioii?OPu d0ll"S' f/. a great number of sltf/lfl ttfTrfe? CreSoiTdfr°m five hundrod toa thousand doll1 n?Vetri W?f m0r°, lm" p'resSed in my life wHu fche thorough re and intellectual jupenority of any coxripfiH* titan Ijvss with that tended the Brayt6*ii Ives sales. Every ; tutlon of learning in tfie city was representee* nn'cf m;o'a,t 6f the great colleges' throughout the lane/. I sorry to' see' the collection scattered, hu'i h fate. The Bloomfield-x'iifn^ divorce case' has muddled the social currdflf of £be week, bringing untold shame and grief ott tVo ci the most worthy and respect- able familierj Jll either city. Oh, mystery of mysteries! Weoii After, week in our police courts I see wretched ir'Wffcfl, ragged and miserable, beaten and bruised beyond recognition by inhuman brutes to wholtt tfafsjr have clung for years. They never rUn away. They never seek divorce'. They stand by the contracts to the gates of death. The husband goes to state Prison. They wait his coming back through sorrow and poverty for years. But our court calendars are full of divorce eases of fine ladies and fine gentlemen who hnve every comfort that earth can give. Wives fly from elegant homes with gamblers, rogues and thieves, leaving husband and children and honour behind. Men sacrifice reputa tion, wife and family for creatures who were not worthy to wipe the shoes of the wife they left behind. The Bloomfield case was particularly painful, fer the father and mother of Mrs. Bloomfield appeared against her. In the absence of her husband Mrs. Bloomfield fled from her home with a dissolute vagabond named Turner who himself had a lovely family and a beautiful wife. Mrs. Bloomfield arrayed herself in boy's clothes and travelled ■frith Turner for weeks, and on their return they sefc tip housekeeping together in New' York. After concealing themselves for weeks under an assumed name the}- were finally de tected and hunted down, and the proofs were so conclusive that the jury was onl^ twenty minutes when Mr. Bloomfield secured his divorce. Doctor T. De Witt Talinage at last sees daylight for his new Temple which has been under a cloud for several weeks past, hampered by a builders' lien of §76,654. It is now proposed to put a new mortgage and | issue §250,000 bonds for the same, bearing an interest of 5 per cent. Doctor Talmage has take §25,000, Russell Sage §125,000 and | two of the officers §20,000 more. The work is now to be pushed, and the tabernacle will be dedicated in the early summer. A series of concerts are to be given for the benefit of the church, and a number of the principal opera singers havo been engaged, selections from all the principal operas will be given, and a large amount of shekels is expected to be gathered in. If Tzar Reed is dend as tho "World" as sures us that he is, it was a lively ghost that stalked forth the other night at Delmonico's. His Republican friends gave him a dinner, arid Chauncey Depew presided. Reed had : a glorious time and started for Maine on j Friday feeling ten years younger than when he left Washington on Thursday morning. On the same train came Charles H. Turner, I more widely known as Turner the Iceman, 1 who for the past two years has represented the 6th or Swallow-tailed district in Congress. Mr. Turner, a Democrat, slipped in in a Re publican district on one of those unaccount able tidal waves that occasionally revolution j ize politics. Turner was a hustler from Hustlerville, and ho had an immense opinion | of Turner. It was a forlorn hope, so Tam many gave him the empty nomination, and Turner want in to win ; he posted his own bills, ho harangued crowds on street corners with his paste pot by his side and an ice hook in his belt. Congressman Flower sent him money and gave him two new suits of clothes, and when Turner got to Washington lie forgot the friends that helped him. The big head attacked him, Tammany dropped him, and he is now looking for another, ice pi\\.rh » Yours truly BROADBRIM. 