A JOUENEY ACROSS SEBEEIA. BY .TAMES CAMTBBLI* most VXADrVOSTOK. TO SASnOESOI. It was a glorious June iLoming when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits.. Our tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage,adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtehiks, or drivers, started at a furious Tate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they oould jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of ontflying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadstera, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cabman by the hour. The'tatantass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest'fault to find with it—that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth—but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely braiBod when the toads are rough toad we travel at night. - On ialr roads it is not so bad, but .-on rough roads this cielectable -vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in bis body aches. We are oompelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no convenience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest ofthingBto Bleep on. The knobs and comers are distinctly in evidence daring the night, as the yetntahiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and robbers. One may have -dozed off -at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming track to earth, with a crash, or your tarantasa lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and tory of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adaptability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, eveh under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjustment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It iB an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter debonching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of. 21 versts 7-—the verstjs two-thirds of atoile-^we oame to a post station, and I'had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Hussion Government has put a network of post routes over the face of the -empire, and the system is a splendid one for' facilitating communication. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being oompelled 'to keep so.' "many troikas'! of horses, a troika being, a ' team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as elsewhere. The .oantral horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left anil the other to the right, so that as yoa sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post 'staćons on. the Siberian- route keep from three troikas to 15, and the cost is fixed by "the Government at from li to 3 kopeks per veret, or, to put it so Out it may be better undentanded of the people I am writing for, you get three horses to carry you -20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any . part of Australia at the rate of 2s. 6d. per 20 miles! These are the rates west of Irkutsk; east of that town the price u double. let it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian-miters andspeakera, that whilst the difference'.between girices in various countries may "lie immense,- the difference in values may be verylitiie. The horses ara just as weil fed asthose in Australia,' the. drivers the -same," thongh their food may'not be'quits.as fine." ""Undoubtedly the Australian -driver has much, more of all good things than the Siberian _yemtghik, yet nothing to represent -the enormous difference in. prices. The fact is -that the difference,is really «ne of mere«ounters, and not of actual value. We inflate ęur jirices and seem "to be paymg mnch more; bat, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces tilings back to exchanging articles with high figures attached to them, whilst the real values remain nntou^he^- If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country,' or lift up "our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any -standard -of the well-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of population, the productive capacity of the soil, and .the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He made -some. -very "intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with iiigh professions of esteem. Later on I found out. that -the idea that all Russian, officers can speak another language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact oould speak nothing but Russian, or, at best, a (few words of French or German. The best linguists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes are concerned are undoubtedly the Dutch; then the Germans, and after them-the Russians." -When I say the Germans, am not surę but equal ^rith them are jthe wjDaueg, Korwegy&v; Swedes; all of these surpassing farthe Latin lief ore, andiflnot^I. eay'it'now, 'that the 'Ą ]npnr-«iii3 and Australians fihape to be the worSt lińguists bf Ute ^ H l liśMLhse flf their isolation! \35ym jritK fto łśsfirralfens l 'have made about the Hutoh and (remans, it is still true that "the_ Russians are excellent linguists, and thrar pronunciation of any foreign tongue is'far, .superior to any other nation^.,- This may, arise from "the great variety ol sonnds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner." . , ' OnriStart wasingloriona weather. Inthe, afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it bfgan to drizzle, and about S o'clock it'was iaimng torreuts. The whole of the Amoor il^vincetooast'isnoted'for wet, no leń than 230 day? out of. the year bang rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last we got bogged;We nad to get out aąd trudge alóng the muddy road, «Eppuig>&>uI etnrnb-; ling astro went. I began toieflectuponthe fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of.a journey this was likely tobeifthefirst 50 tnrńedbntinthis fashion. Trudging weirily on, and .-^becoming wetter and more miserable, 1^ "began to ask myself łartber if i 'wa. quite uane when I first re- 'solved to undertake 'this journey. J knew some of: my iriends hadno "manner t* doubt uuuub whatever—they lnuwvoL—lo^wpiigiu^-ma thought I was as: l as i'March hare. iand tte dSubt began to rise •isein my mind if, after; ill', Óięy -«reręn't I ttyright.I^ftver^mapuaoomfottloving rabbit, rabWt, eerily,*soared eaol iy- diaoomforts, „ SDieftveragemajais and dearly loving 'jmn burrow, ^ hating prepared to • lift, orto ej^w;;Ippign laiids,^ heean do it in aj^Vdb stay- ataoi- til SEEsW jnuunB? plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mad that I would not go back at any cost, bat woald see it throngh just to spite the critics! At last the dim lights of the little town of Basdolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station—one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition - of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot X could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the -morning bone-Bore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would hare murdered sleep even more eifectually than Banquo's ghost. TTi« spluttering^ and explosions, his small artillery of snortings* and heavy cannons of longdrawn anozings, exceeded anything 1' had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off, though thev commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. what could be done under such circumstances ? I could not talk to him, and even if I oould, I don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not"fcis fault. We are xnanJiing about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together ; will some practical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, make us oblivions of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans 1 That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we proceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Boiling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of tiie best «oil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote .and- unknown part of the earth. We ran '-alongside theBiver Soifun part of the way£smd some of its turns and bends were exceedingly/lovely; and from ą practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable distance from its month for moderate-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country jrreatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyneton, now beginning to be occupied. Ii was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day ont from Vladivostok, which I asked myself a hundred times before I left] Siberia, what will .this country be ? The quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the' scenery a surprise,' and the fact that it hao stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before-I have finished these" papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor province! are likely to become. 