s The Prospecting Vote, iN^the Assembly last night Mr. Chapman moyed ' that this House -vyiU on Tuesday' next resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider an Address to ? the Governor praying his Eicel lency will cause to be placed on the Estimates a 'sum. not exceeding £100,000 as a prospecting vote to assist in devoloping the mineral wealth of this colony.' Even if the. sum asked had been unjustifiably large there could have been no surprise at the request. The country is threatened with protection, and protection notoriously does not protect miners, particularly miners for the precious metals. The only effect it can have in regard to them is to increase the price ofL everything they have to buy. If the miners were to get £100,000 out of the Government to- morrow that is nothing to what the most moderate tariff would cost them. Protection is just aa hurtful to ' gold-mining; as it is to woolgrowing, and, it may^b^'Koiejl as a first point, that demands for compen sation in some shape or other are the neces sary consequence of a scheme of policy opposed to the most important interests — : the interests by which the country has been built up. Industries which, like mining, cannot be protected naturally ask compen sation in the way of grants and. subsi dies. By-and-bye, if a beginning j be made with new duties, every industry that thinks it can derive some benefit by being protected from outside competition will be clamoring for a duty to compensate it for the duties passed for the benefit of other trades. Even, however, if one considers the demand of £100,000 for the miners as the beginning of a scramble for the assistance of a Govern ment which has announced a policy, of going outside its legitimate functions to give a general lift to trade and industry (an attempt in. which it can hardly succeed), there is no need for the miners to ' be condemned. - In fact if a course is to be entered upon whereby a very doubtful : prospect of higher wages is to be offset by the certainty of having to pay higher ? prices, it is more than, ever necessary, very necessary as it has always been, that mining should be encouraged. The miner at least is doing something about which there is no sham. He is digging up a valuable commodity. He is not making goods which he can only make on condition that a tax be levied on the. entire community for his benefit. As a protectionist country infallibly reduces the market for its own products abroad and thereby its means of getting money, it is well that, if it has any internal means of getting money, it should not neglect it., 'One million people buying from and selling to each other will soon find that there is a speedy end to the profit to be made in that sort of way, and will regret that they have been led astray by the example of the experiments which the 60,000,000 of people of the United States can afford to try with comparative im punity. ? Though it is quite right to go into com mittee on the £100,000, it will be probably found that out of consideration '?f ox f the finances — because of the crucial question of Ways and Means — that sum will have to be considerably reduced; ? Probably 'the miners and those interested will be glad to accept the £40,000 spoken of by the Minister for Lands, and would have accep ted it could it have been mentioned to them as an absolute sum, and not as a maximum that would have to be considered in committee. Instead of increasing the pro specting vote above £40,000, would it not be better to have generally introduced the best methods of dealing with ores P It surely is niore practical to make the moBt of the minerals to hand before going in search of others. A School of Mines on a liberal scale is an urgent necessity here. Such an establishment under proper supervision would soon introduce some of the latest processes for dealing with refractory ores to replace obsolete wasteful methods. During the debate last night there were ample suggestions as to how the money for su&a; school could be Parsed from those who could, afford it, by a much better method than a tariff the Bpecial grievance of which always is that it presses most heavily on the poor, '??-???'?'?'? y.-iiX- ?'W*^^*— ^^W^ — — 4 ? ..-.?;.: .;:' ':?' ': '-. - \ ???..---' ??:?,, .???.-..?????_;.-..??. ,. '????-??.?;? J ??-?*... Last night, in -« discn^ionup^n theset^Leinent of Crown Itods, Mr. O'Sullivan not only Tconfut-ed Mr. Melville by telUng him; that he (O'S.) would setUe,|^pieonth;elan^^a^ ^t^^m^i^k&^^-^^f.^ iij&fprino;|l ^J^ppo)aHe ' meant ^ Iiet the .skoemaker stick to - hiB^lasti' ^^ll^.;.J^^^r^1bi^/^mb«r. for (^ueanbeyan pot to roih i^ rasiily on the ia^ :. Som&Ail; vr \\-:AH.;'jits^ - phrases are iiidt:; so. simple as' ti^jwp^l^,sa ^HuV|6rissi2X& ~y Jbne *^jmenibGr *. 70r * ' ^^o'rvhunibBriand* 'j^hereate terrifying legen^ concerning the dead ;|po^i^^C#'i^?P^li^^^^:^h^^ haete *'— but %wninw dttigeniia ' t(oa the top of a diligence.' Mr. O'Sullivan's object in venturUig^ipon hitherto unknown fields of learn ing may after all merely oe a means of proving in his own {rersira the need for university extension ? But heflhould beware of tackling such an authority a& Mr. Melville, who by quoting the Hie jacets, epitaphs, and escutcheons that have come to r his' knowledge in - the course of his professional career could play a very strong hand. A Latin debate between Mr. Melville and Mr. O'Sullivan, the former quoting from tombstones and the latter working off the back part of Worcester's Dictionary, would be pretty rough on the Labor pariy, and indeed on all the rest of the House. The anotiGns adopted at the meeting of free traders held in the Carrington Hall last night have the merit — no light one — of - being brief; and yet at the same time they are amply sufficient for their purpose. They set forth -the desirability of establishing freetrade organisations in all the Australian colonies, and the propriety of such organisa tions working as far as possible together, A committee & six is to be appointed to draw up rules. There again good judgment has been exhibited in regard of taking measures for the accomplishment of practical wjork. An efficient committee is all the more likely to keep efficient when its number is compact. A mono; the letters which were read from friends and sympathisers in the other colonies, were two, received in March last, from Mr. Murray Smith and Mr. Langton of Victoria. Both gentlemen did good service in the cause of freetrade during the struggle consequent on the protectionist mania in the neighboring colony. Though it was their luck to fight a losing battle, yet there are already signs in plenty that the winning side had but a barren victory after all. Whether we are about to see the thing &t; up or not in New South Wales protection has undoubtedly become rather shaky on its legs in Victoria. The committee, as will be seen includes, besides other good men and true, Messrs. B. £. Wise, E. Palsford, and Dr. Garran. We wish them every success in their patriotic labors. ? ?? r It iE ja matter for general congratulation that one of the things of the past in Sydney is the par liamentary land agent. No more does this genius haunt theLands Departmentor ghost the Minister in an unholy effort to dispossess some unrepre sented occupant of the soil. True- it is the thing is attempted still in one or two quarters, and perhaps * undue influence may be exercised there; but the nuisance has largely been put down by the force of public opinion, and free selectors may now rest assured of a fair field and no favor. The danger in the past was of course the value of the parliamentary agenfs . vote in the House, and that, it was alleged, would often influence a departmental decision on aland question wibh which the afore said agent was identified. But this is now a thing of the past. Tt would almost seem, however, as if, with the disappearance of the political land agent, the parliamentary house agent is likely to take 1»« place, for we find two rather peculiar advertise, mentsina Kiama paper. They run as follow: WANTED, at once, a small furnished cottage in or ? near Kiama (not too close to sea) by a lady, child, ancLeervant, for six months.. State terms to A.C.L., Parlt. Honse, Sydney. WANTED, Apartments by a lady, child, and servant at farmhouse, atW near TTjn-mn, where no other boarders are,kept. State terms to A.C.L., Parlt. House Sydney. ' . . - , . There is, probably, some subtle joke concealed in these ^ advertisements, which no one but the writer understands, for there is no A. C. L. on the membership roll of either House of Parlia ment. A politician of liberal views and lively imagina tion sends us the following : Seeing that 20 years have passed, and only the foundation stone of the new Parliament Houses has been laid; and farther, . recollecting that the present Assembly is suffocating when crowded in the present hot weather, it is some gratification ? to know that at least one enterprising citizen, is abreast of the times in attempting to meet the legislative -wants of the country without further delay. The large buildings in Moore-street are, as is generally known, being pulled down to allow of the street being -widened, to harmonise with Post Office Square. Mr. ii. Foley, the well-known athletic sportsman, is the purchaser of the material; and very many people have been curious to know what he proposes to do with so many millions of bricks, and so many thousands of cubic feet of stone. One rumor was that he intended to put up a pyramid; another that he was under coatraet to build the dead house in the Centennial Park, opposite his owi residence. The fact, however, according to his own statement, is that he proposes to erect new Parliament Houses at Paddington, with a special movable dome to let the gas ^nt. A gigantic figure of Sampson slaying his opponents with the jawbone of an ass is to be erected opposite the new edifice— presumably out of compliment to one of the members for Paddington. Meanwhile, during the removal of the material, Mr. Foley. invites the members of both Honses to come down and throw bricks at one another — it cannot possibly hurt the bricks and may do the country some good. 