GENERAL BOOTH. Methodist Welcome. On Monday morning a deputation from the Wesleyan Methodist church waited upon General Boots at Mr. C. H. Goode's House, Tynte-street, North Adelaide. The following ministers were present:—The Revs. j. Niohol ?>n (president of the Conference), H. T. Bra gets (ex-president), J. Bickford, D. S. Wyllie. T. Kaatoa, K. S. Casely, J. Haslam, O. H. Gold unitfe, J. Allen, P. G. Thomas, W. B. Mather, S. F. Prior, and W. H. Rof c. Sir Jno. Bray was also present, and Commissioner Coombs . nd Colonel Niool were in attendance. The Be?. J. Nicholson had very great j'leasare in extending a welcome to General r.'totfc—O?e who was a near relative of Metho* di.<i9. (Hear, hear.) They re*u<Mnl>ered with intfte?t that at the impressionable period of his life he had had a close connection with Methodism. Some of the strongest points in the Army reflated the spirit of that organ isa tiou. It was a eanse for rejoicing that they had many things in common, snch aa the prominence pivto to the necessity for the experience of the conviction of sin, the penitent form, salva tion, holiness, prayer, and the influence of the Holy Ghost. The people conld be prophets and were free to labor, yet there was a godly discipline. They most thank the Almighty for having providentially led them into his labors and provoked £his zeal (Hear, near.) They sympathised most cordially with the efforts of tne Salvation Army to solve the social pro blem. (Hear, hear.) Society needed regeneration and faith in the religion of Christ was its true saviour. He would be glad to fed that the Array was more than ever united in close friendship with the churches. He would quote some statistics showing that Methodism took kindly to the soil of South Australia. The Methodist New Connexion Church had united with tfe« Bible Christians, so that at the pieaonl time there were only threw AS^ni^inf dfn>iniiw*'""s in the l>rcv :■••- The Wesleyan Methodists had 78 miiii=u-cs, 7,708 members, 411 local preachers, 21,431 Sunday scholars, 51,029 adherents, 278 churches, and 114 other preaching- places. The Bible Christians had 43 ministers, 2,839 mem bers, 231 local preachers, <;,339 Sunday scholars, 13,000 adherents, 127 churches, and 14 other preaching places. The Primitive Methodists had 30 ministers, 2,837 mem bers, 189 local preacher-, 6,00) Sunday scholars, 12.690 adherents, 113 churches, and 12 other preaching places. This made a total of 151 ministers, 13,484 mem bers, 821 local preachers, 33,839 Sun day scholars, 76,719 adherents, 52$ churcLes, and 140 other preaching places. This was a democratic community and democracy had its advantages, butyetithad its penis and its responsibilities. The greed of gam threatened to undermine the founda tions. We had an almost cosmopolitan popu lation and tne Continental Sunday threatened to take root. .&£ the last general election, however, a united committee of the Metho dists churches sought proper consideration for moral qneetions, such as the _ liquor trade, gambling, divorce, and secularism in educa tion. They did not get some of their friends returned, bnt yet a considerable proportion of thosedectedweresupporterEofmorallegjslation. Since then the Congregationalists, Baptists, and Presbyterians had taken action, and it would be well if all the churches could unite in a vigilance committee for the unsectarian ser vice of promoting national religion. (Hear, htar.) They loved their visitor for bis work's >akp, and if he were with them longer luoy would learn to love him for his own. (Cheers.) Tbe Revs. H. T. Burgess, B- S. Caaaly, J. H •flam, and J. Bickford also spoke in terms of b igh eulogy of the work of the General. General Booth warmly thanked them for their kind expressions of esteem and sympathy. He was, as had been stated, a rela tive of Methodists, to whom he owed much and towards whom he must ever feel kindly. He had a great admiration for John Wesley, though no doubt there were many men and women in England in his time quite as devoted as he, bat he happened to gain prominence. The jpune remark applied to bimaelf. He must fey that> he regretted that Methodism bad become somewhat too much buusd by ruUs. Wesley was essentially a £• i<*Ta], and he conld not but think that if .•*:it-one could have been found to leap into the saddle when. Wesley dismounted M-stho d^iu would be a greater power now. He tru.-ted that the Methodists would unite, for it-ally disunion amone those so closely related seemed to him to be ludicrous. There v ap one matter to which lie would refer, and in which he did not think that he had been tn-att-d properly by the MtitbodisU of Great Britain. When a man for good reasons was dropped by the Army he t-on-udered it to be scarcely fair that another body should take him and put him iii a prominent position without first con-qiltin? tin: Army. (Hear hear.) As to political matters, he had always refused to grant his permission to officers of the Army to take part in such affairs. His people could only go where they could pray, and till the time came—and it wa probably distant—wh-=n Christ's people united to ~tud representatives to Parliament to insist ou ■he observance of Christ's laws the .\rc:y ixvd not meddle in politics. A Qhristian life on all days in the week was an essential vhLU was not folly recognised. Sport was alt<i?<ther too popular nowadays, and a friend in another colony had told him tliat it ******** to be valued in the s<.h<«.U almost more than education. Edu caii-u bad previously too much taken the place of love for Christ, and sport, with which would come ganrhtimr had gained too high a position. Christians should band themselves together, so aa to raise the tone of public opinion. They should have their own news uapers and otherwise work to attain that end. He was very grateful to them for their kind •*<:lcome. (Cheers.) THE MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION*. The General then proceeded to the meeting ofltbe Ministerial Association in the Pirie t-treet Weeleyan Methodist Lecture-hall, amvingthere at 10.30. Tbe Rev. J. Ltaix presided over a large attendance, and in a few words of welcome referred to tbe various notable preachers whom they bad previously welcomed. They had now to greet another who had done a great work. Whatever they might think of his methods they should be ashamed of themselves if they did not heartily recognise the great results which he had accomplished. (Cheers.) General Booth, who was heartily cheered on rising, thanked them very much for their wel come, and reciprocated the generous words which they had expressed towards him. He dare not appropriate the compliments —he had lived in a sea of compli roi-utti tor a long time past —to him self, but he took them ac for his work. He gave the glory to God that he had been able to go on in this work and thanked the noble band who had been raised up to help him. He was very glad if the Salvation Army had been not only the means of rescuing those outside of church work, bat also of encouraging other Christians. Testimony to the assistance which had been given by the Army to other bodies had been given in Canada. There waa no doubt that the Army was an omnwation. and therefore it might be said why did you make a new sect ? But he would point oat that the Army was not on paper whe« it started. When they sent their con verts totheehnrehffitbey were not wanted ; and in the second place they would not go when he sent them; and in the third place he found that tbe Amy itaelf wanted them. (Laughter.) He bad struggled hard against the forma tion of a new sect, and approaches were made to the Congregational body to see if any union could be accomplished, bnt it was found to be impossible. Subsequently he came . very near to a Methodist body, but when it came to having to secure t!ie agreement of naturally diaajrreeing people- (laughter)—it was found that it could iiul be done. The Wetsleyana afterwards approached them, but be considered it to be late and the courtship ?>?-ver ended in marriage. The Church of Eng land camp to them in a very frank ami ti-K-ndhr manner. He had long conversations v ith the kt<\- Bl*hop .if Truro and the present l'i-Uop of Durham and other leading clergy ir.«-ru He thought, however, that no actual unity could take nlaee either betwwn that '•irareh and he might sr.y uny other demonstra tion. He was too much in love with the uni \\-r*;il church to join himself with any par ticular body. (Hear, hear.) The other de nominations cmiM lrt?t,l)^ Army, esj>eeially by givingthemacoUectn-u <iuc*;ayear. (Laughter.) If*? had told the liiahop of Truro that it was not well to seek to blend them in one stream, but that tneyhliould course as two rivers side by side. There were unwise men in all churches. When the Army liad gone by invi tation to Anglican churches with their pro- M%<KonB and bannere they had been met at tbe church door and told that only those • who had been confirmed could receife the sacrament. He asked—"What about ti*- others y The reply was—"They niu>t go to the dissenters." (Langhter) Jf*. pointed out that according to that th=? drunkard who rind been confirmed a week ago r.mld have the sacrament, but the General rnu?t go to the dissenters. (Laughter.) He \wmld not agmetothat (Cheers.) He trusted that they would co-operate with one another, lut Ftill tti«> members of the Army mutt pre- H-rvH fli«-ir own principle? and tb?*ir own love U<t fr.r .;n«.:.v-r. (Hear, hear ) One u£ the (hio-tots .•? i)f otl?T coJoniVo, in opening b n.t-t-tui(f, i.Mi s«id—" Ladi«-e and gentle'tien, we are not met to consider in any form the question of Christianity, but merely that of the cause of suffering humanity. He ob jected to that, lor without Christ they could nut rightly attend to the needs of those in misery. (Hear, hear.) He was glad that his social scheme had been tbe means of bringing men of all sorts to gether to try to help those who were in wast and sin. He most oeartfly thanked them for their welcome. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. Robertson, M.A., moved— *'That this meeting of members of all denomi nations desires to accord to General Booth a very hearty welcome to South Australia." Its members are glad to have had the oppor tunity of seeing his face and bearing his voice, and as he leaves these snores to return to the old land they very earnestly commend him to God, praying that he may have journeying mercies, and a safe and happy return to his borne and work. This meeting tvjoices in the pood which, under God, he has been able to accomplish, and prays that he may long be spared to carry on his various enterprises for the glory of God in the salvation and uplifting of men." They had all been very much delighted to hear and see the General. They were curious to see and hear a man of whom they knew so much good and with whom they had ?o much sym }iathy. They all hoiwxl that long after he had cone the work would continue to prosper. (Cheers.) The Rev. W. F. Main seconded the motion. Though they might not approve his methods, yet they would be unanimous in their thank fulness that such wonderful results had fal lowed his work. (Hear, bear.) The motion was carried. HOLINESS GATHERINGS. Holiness gatherings were held in the after noon and evening. In the afternoon there was a good attendance, and among those on the platform were the Heve. J. Nancarrow, W. F. James, E. J. Henderson, and W. H. Hodge. The proceedings were commenced by tie sing ing of "When I survey the wondrous cross? 1 and prayer was said by Colonel Nicol and the General. During the taking of the collection Captain George rave the Salvation song, "Oh Lamb of God! Thou wonderful sin-bsarer," with great sweetness, the assemblage joining in the chorus. The General was beginning to read some verses when a baby in terrupted him, and he said he would go on by its kind permission. He thought that a notice would have to be put up that night, "No children in arms ad mitted except twins." (Laughter.) He would suggest that there should be an ante room where bottles, &.C, could be provided and babies could be taken care of for 3d. (Langhter.) If the babies continued his nerves must break down. He read from the tenth chapter of St. Luke's gospel, beginning at the twenty- fifth verse and dealing with the parable of tbe good Samaritan. It was their duty to go out and help those who bad fallen among publican thieve?, gambling thieves, commercial thieves, and other thieves. In this parable Christ bad set forth the true religion of humanity. Humanity needed a religion, and whenever people had taken away religion they had had to bring it back again, for they could not do without it- The question to be considered was, what sort of religion was required? In the first place it must be one that would assure one of the existence of tbe Supreme Being. And when he hadrgained that assu rance he would become cognisant of a universal law against sin. No religion was therefore suited to humanity which did not tell how wrongs done could be righted and sins be blotted out. There had been a sacrifice made for "very sin which had been com mitted. The religion of humanity must have a standard of right and wrong. The ten commandments could be reduosd to one—love. All Ac world would want to come to South Australia if it were foil of that religion. Bub for salvation a price must be paid. In his shop everything was marked in plain figures and no abatement of price, (Laughter.) They must not only give up their sins, bat must give themselves to Christ. Prayer by the General closed the meeting. In the evening there was a very large gathering. The following ministers were on the platform:—The Revs. F. Hast ings, J. Nicholson, H. T. Burgees, J. Wpsifltn, R. S. Casely, W. H. Cann, J. Price, and S. Fairey. Mr. C. H. Goode was also present During the preliminary "Oh for a heart to praisefmy God"'was sung with great heartiness to the tune of ~* Auld Lang Syne." The General read and expounded lie first chapter of the first epistle to the Ephesians. He urged people to read their Bibles so that they might use them as battle axes to cleave the skull of the deviL It had been suggested that publicans should keep dummy drunkards in their windows as samples of their work, but Cbiist wanted in His workshop as samples good n«en and women. There were some saints who !■ ajed like, deer?, but others were so slow that tiity were like old cows. (Laughter.) If .^nints wt>it not faithful and had not the crown i.-f iife they would have to go about heaven l-nJ<!-headed. (Laughter.) If they loved ClirUt they must do all that they could to help tl:tir neighbors. How tbe world grinned at a iclii.-:on which could get a chapel filled on a Sii.day and only 14 Aon a weekday. (Laughter.) i""cim<o! c—ae —a member of the aristocracy—had a>k«d h:m if he was going to the <i ii kct match. The General was not going to bowl out three rtumps; he was going to bowl out the deviL (Laughter.) He was going to boiwl him out that night- Many Ctiristians were lukewartr. Would they 7go in for being hot eaints? 'Let all who wanted salvation oom«- ttu 4 night. A prayer meeting followed and concluded the proceedings. £?•: i£-i ns to the building on Monday numoered 4,2u0, and the seekers totalled 40. ] j 