SU PER N ATU R A LI A ; OB Ghostly Apparitions. ???? ? ? ' The appearance only to persons who are peculiarly fitted for ghoat-Beeing is one o! the pccularities of all gboet legends. It is not everyone that can Beo the inhabitants of tho invisible world, but those whose eyes ere opened, or for thoso whom tho ghost has a feeling that makes a bond of sympathy, or those who by oomo peculiarity of birth are Bettor qualified tnan others for such mystie eight. For instance, a child horn on Sua Jay in Scotland is, believed to havo this power abovo all others. The ' White Lidy ' appears on eucb occa sions in such manner as ho chooses, but is alaa capable of boing summoned by any oi ber family according to a prescribed forccula and by tho performanco ol ccrtain rite?. Tbe ' Whito L idy of Avcnel ' is or.Iy the app'.ioation to a particular family W a belief common in Scotland where apparition known in Ireland as the banshee 13 kno^u by the samo namo, but quite ap J/ten the ' whito lady.' In fact, most ot Ltio great families in tho Highlands wero suppoccd to bavo a do mcstio spirit wb« ?oolc an interest in their prosperity, ana usually intimated an ap proaching disaster by waitings and uneartly Bounds of griof. But there was a difference in tho apparition varying with tbo character whioh oach is supposed to have held whilo upon the earth in mortal fiesh, but in geceral it appeared as an old woman in a mantle with streaming bair. A superstition of tho same kind is bo gene rally received in the ' Green Isle that the banshee is counted in popular belief to be a peouliarly Irish credulity. In Ireland thero have beon various ex planations of tho word banshee, most of them explaining it as tho 41 bend of the fairies,' or 44 white fairy but Dr. O'Brien in his Irish dictionary writes, ' beausigbo plural mail Bighe,' the fairies, or women, fairies oredulouBly supposed by tbe common people to bo so affected to certain families tbat they are heard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any mom ber of the family labors under a s'oknese which is to end in death. Some of the cases in whioh the banshee has appeared are told with an abundance ol detail and confirmed by so many witneesce tbat, although unwitiing to believo tho tale, it becomes a difficult one to answer or explain away. The bapahee of ihe Banworth family as related to have appeared on the ocoaaion ol tho deBth of Rev. Charles Bunworth, reotoi of Buttevant, in the county Cork, about tbe middle ot the last century is suoh a cass. Its first appearance was to one of tho servante named Kavanagh, who oame to tbe hoaso apparently in great griof and wringing bis xiands. 14 What is it you mean, Kavanagh ?' in quired Miss Bunworth. 44 Is it mean ?' said ICivanagh ; ' the ban shee has oome from him, MUb, and 'tis not I alone who have heard her.' ♦'lis an idlo superstition,' said Miss Bunworth. ' Maybe bo,' replied Kavanagh 44 but as I camo through the ulan of Ballybeg oho was | along with me, keening and soreoohing and 1 clapping her hands by zny side every step of the way, with her long white hair failing upon her shoulderB, and I could hear her re peating the master's name every now and then, as plain as I ever heard it. When I oamo to tho old abbey sho parted from me thero, and turned into the pigeon field next the burying ground, and folding ber cloak about her, down she sat under tho treo that was struck by lightning and began to ery so bitterly that it went through one's heart to hear it.' Miss Bunworth to\d Kavansgh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought he was doing well, but warned him not to tell the etory to anyone. Mr, Bunworth, bowevtr, did not progress toward reoovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened nntil the night of his death. Then there was a sudden sound outside the window near tho bed. A rose tree was forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was heard, accompanied by olapping of hands, as if of a female in deep affliction. It seemed as if the sound pro seeded from a person holding hor mouth close io the window. The lady who sat by the bedside went into an adjoining room and asked tbo gentlemen there if they had hoard the banshee. None of them believed in her ladyship, and they at onco instituted a thorough investigation. They walked all around the house, examining every spot of ground, but tbcro was not a sign, not even a footstep upon the fresh earth of the garden. Upon their return thoy were astonished to hear that the manifestations had been re peated, and that they had been more marked, and the olapping of hands louder than be* fore. Daring the night thesiok man grow rapidly worse and expired with tho first glimpse of morning. The legend ol 44 The McCarthy,' is the most peculiar among all the banshees. The young man died and was laid out for several bours when he oamo baok to life and insisted that he had been before tho judgment seat, but had been permitted to oome baok with the understanding that three years more of life wero granted him in whioh he might bcoome a better man. He had been, very wild and dissipated, but reformed at onoe and lived as a man naturally would who knew that the day of his death was fixed. As tho time drew near McCarthy's mother sent for her sister to be with them at tho eventful time. Oa tho way the banshee appeared, giving a suoceseion of Boreams and making u loud clapping of tbe hands. Then they saw the figure of a tall thin woman, with uneovered head, and hair that floated around ber shouldors, attired in something whioh might be a loose white clonk or a sheet. She Btood'in the way as if to stop them, and motioned to go. another way, which they finally went. When they got there they found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that was thought of no importanoe, but frotn whioh he died the very day that the three years was up. Tho origin of all these appearanoeB ana many like them is easy to traoe. Thoy go baok, not to olasaio, but to the old Norse days when Woden, whom we call Oden, was given a place among the gods, and Frigga was made his oonsort. OJin beoamo the earliest form of the hunter, who, with his myatio Attendants with horn and hounds, was reported to pursue tho ohaso all over northern Europe.. His oonsort in liko manner boeama the wnite lady who beoamo transformed into a hundred different legends in whioh the motherly, prpteoting inQuenoe of tho divine Frigga ia not entirely lost. Thoro are a number of white ladies oon neoted with various noble families in Ger many, but probably the one ihat is moat re markable and seems to be the most substan tiated is connected with the royal bouse of Germany, and is known as the 44 Whito lady of the Hohenzollerns.' The lady in question is said by all to ;be one of the anocBtresses of the family, but whioh one is not agreed. There is an abundanoe of evidenoe astoher repeated appearances, and no merely ghoat story is so well authentio.\ted. She is recorded to have made her first ap* pearanoein 1598, just before the death of the elector, John Geargc. Twenty years later, sho prognosticated tbe death of John Sigis tnund. In 1829 she again appeared, - and for the first timo spoke, ottering theso wordB : %t Veni, judioa vivoB-et mortuos.' . A paper of that early day records the appearance with this statement : . . # ' It is also undoniable that in oar times, only a few years ago, in a certain princely house allied to tbat of Bradenburg, ft young , prince met with a fatal aooident, and that a few days btfpft bis dMth'tto whife Udy wu r ^ in 1G59 the white lady was met in the gnlleiy of Berlin, before tbo death of Anns Sophia, duchess or Brunswick, and again in 1667, when ehe foretold tho death ot Lousi* Henriette, wifo of the eleotor, Frederiok William. The subsequent appoarance, generally be lieved in by tho GermanB who believo in ghosts at all, was to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son ot the eleotor. Ho was laying on his bed in a weak, exhausted condition, with a valet asleep on a mattress near by. Suddonly ho beard the hangings divido and saw a tall whito lady with ontstrctohed arzas and flow ing hair, inclining ber bead toward tho bed, and turning from right to loft as though sho eougns sometning unacr ino nangmqe. At last eho disooveicd tho king, and her steady eyes looked at him long in ailcnoe. William raised himeelf and mado a movement ; ber eyes followed him ; eho was unmoved. At that moment tbo clock on a pier table neet the bed rang tho hour nnd stopped. Tbvlady disappeared. At the same moment a violin t noiso was hoard in the room adjoining, where were, and now are, placed on sideboards, the plates and dishes used in the fetes ot ihe Prussian hiog. They all foil with a crash to the floor. Tho valet awoke . tho king cried in accents of terror : 44 There, tbcro 1 Sho went out there 1'' And with bewildered look, bis hand extended, he pointed to the door of the private room. ' Who ?' asked Ihe'valet, half asleep. 'The white lady, I tell yon I Go and see which way ehe went.' Tbo valet searched all over tho palace, and found no speotre. 41 Isaw tho whito lady,' said the king, as though speaking to himself, and covered his faoo with the bed coverings, Next day he ordered his coflln end ma^o the Qucjenvhii wife, to lio in it, in order to see if the size was right. It w&3 his last aot ot cruelty, for he died tbat night. Forty years after, his son, Frederick thi Great, died at Sans Souci, and he, too, saw the white lady. The oircumstanccs sgain were remarkable. A picturo of the^ whiti lady had been painted (it is said by bis own hand), which is still in existance, and show* the superstition whioh was evidently in hif mind. Whether ho expeoted to eee her oi sot, she came. One evening just at nightfall Frederioi was alone in tho library standing before s muBio stand whioh be nsed when placing thi fluto. Tho door opened and tho white lady traveread the room without looking at him. For a moment he did not know what to do. Then ho followed her ; ho opened the^oor and . followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped at tbe vesti bule. The apparition seemed to run over the band in the circular oourt, seemed to hesitate a moment then vaguely beckoned him to oome, and disappeared. He 'died a few days afterward. Tbo Whito Lady of Hohenzollern is aUo said to have appoarcd iu 1810 beforo tho death ol Frederick William III; in 1864, previous to the death of Frederick William IV., and in the pre sent yoar proviouB to the death of tho lato em peror. Tho conclusion of tho matter ia that tho 'super- stition, bom far back in tho days of paganiBtti, has permeatod Europo and still has bouio powoj, but us l'onmrkcd au Irish story-teller ; ' I don't hear that tho banshees go on so much now as thoy *did formerly.' Such beliefs must fndo out before tho march of intelligonco and knowledge, and yet thfty aro so full of a peculiar iutcrest that many will regret their loss even in the day when no ono will croiitor accept them upon any authority what ever. . ,.V ? . . .. ? Tiibiie ata many worso things than single blessedness, and tho condition of tho old maid is uo less honorable to her than is that of matri mony to her wedded sister. Tho old maid may. if sho will, and sho generally does, boar a noble part in tho good work of making tho world a hotter aud happier placo. Thero aro probably fow who do not carry with them through lifo tho tonder memory o' somo old maid whoso lovo and goodness cheorod and blossod their early years, ilovr often is sho a ministering angel whoso life ia spent in acts of unseltish dovotion to those around her? Wo cannot spare the old maid. Sbo has an important role to play in the hamari comedy, aud tho thing for her to do is to study it and pity it well. Tiio woman who woiries hp . cause 6ho sees old maidenhood beforo hor is witk out good Bonso. Let her bo suro that thero ar# thousands of wives who only wish that they had led singlo lives, and then sho may find it easier to learn of tho apostlo in whatsoever state she Is . therewith to be content. 