REV. OHARLE8 GBINIQUY'S VIEW OF DR. NAWMAN. (Continued.) inow', tet us near him- telling himself this episode !of his life. For I want to bo perfectly fair to Dr. Newman, as I told you before. It is only from his own words and pnblio acta mat i want you to judge him. Here is what he says of himBelf, after being publicly condemned : "I saw indeed clearly that my place in- the movement was lost. Pnblic confidence was at on end. My occu pation was gone. It was simply an impossi bility that I could Bay anything henceforth to good effect, when I had been posted up by the Marshal oh tho buttery hatch of every, college of my University after the manner of discommoned pastrycooks, and when, in every part of the T country, and every olass of society, through every organ and occasion of opinion, in newspapers, in periodicals, , at meetings, in pulpits, at dinner-tables, in coffee-roomB, in railway oarriages, I was de nounced as .a traitor who had laid his train, and was detected in the very act of firing it against the time-honoured Establishment. . . . . Confidence in me was lost. But I had already lost fall confidence in myself." (p. 132.) Let the English Protestant people hear these words from the very lips of D'. New man—" Confidence in me was lost I But I had alreahy lost full confidence in myself." (p. 132.) Are these words the indications of a brave innocent man ? Or are tbey not the cry of despair of a cowardly and gnilty con science? Was it not when Wishart heard that tbe Pope and his millions of slaves had con demned him to death, that he raised his head as a giant, and showed that he was more above his accusere and his jndgeB than the heavens are of tbe earth ? Had he lost bis confidence in himself and in his God when he said, " I am happy to suffer and die in tbo cause of truth ?" Did Luther lose confidence in himself and in his God, when condemned by the Pope Bnd all his Bishops, and ordered to go before the Emperor to be condemned to death, if be would not retract ? No ! It is in those hours of trial that he made the world to re-echo the sublime words of David : "God is our refngo and our strength, a present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea. Thongh the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof." But Luther had a good cause. He knew, he felt that the God of Heaven was on his side, when Dr. Newman knew well that ho was deceiving the world, after having deceived himself. Lather was strong and fearless : for the voice of Jesus had come through the past fifteen centuries to tell him, " Fear not, I am with thee." Dr. Newman was weak, trembling before the storm, for hie conscience was reproaching bim for his treachery and his unbelief. Did Latimer falter and lose his confidenoe in himself and in his God, when condemned by his jndgeB and tied to the stake to be burnt ? No I It is then that he uttered those immortal and sublime words, "Master Ridley : Be of good comfort and play the man ; .we shall, this day, light a candle, by God's giace, in England, as I trust shall never be put out 1" This is the language of men who are fight ing for Christ and His Gospel. Dr. Newman could not use Euch noble language, when he was betraying Christ and His Gospel. Now, let us hear from himself when, after having lost the confidence of his Ohurch and bis country, and had also lost his own confidence in himself, he saw a ghost and found that the Church of Rome was right. At page 157, he says : " My friend, an anxiously religious man, pointed out the palmary words of St. Augustine whioh were contained, in one of the extracts made in the (Dublin) Review, and which had osoaped my observation, ' Securua judicat orbis terrarum.' He repeated these words again and again ; and when be was gone, they kept ringing in my ears. . . . The words of St. Augustine struck me with a power which I never had felt from any words before. To take a fami liar instance, they were like the 'Turn again, Wittington,' of the chime ; or, to take a more serious one, they were like the ' tolle lege ' of the child which converted St. Augustine him self. ' SecuruB judicat orbis terrarum !' By those great words of the ancient father, the theory of the Via Media was absolutely pul verised.- I became excited at the view thus opened upon me. ... I had seen the shadow . of a hand upon the wall. . . . Ho who has : seen a ghost cannot be as if he had never seen it. The heaven had opened and closed again. The thought, for the moment, Bad been, 'The Ohurch of Rome will bo found right, after all."' (158.) It would be amusing, indeed, if it were not so humiliating, to see the naivete with which Dr. Newman confesses his own aberrations, want of judgment, and honesty, in reference to the pet soheme of his whole theological existence at Oxford. " By these words," he says, " the Via Media was absolutely pul verised !" We all know the history of the mountain; ; in travail, which gave birtb to a mouse. Dr. ; Newman tells us frankly that, after ten years i of hard and painful travail, he produced some thing less than a mouse. His Via Media was pulverised — it turned to be only a. handful of dost. Remember the bigh-sonnding of his trumpet about iiis plan for - a new church, that new Jerusalem on earth, the church of the future, which was to take the place of his rotten Church of England. Let me repeat to you ! his very words about that new ark of salva- I tion with which the Professor of Oxford was to save England. (Page 116): "I wanted to bring out, in a substantive form,- a living i Church ot England, in a position proper to i herself, and founded on distinct principles, as I far as paper could do it, and as earnestly preaching it and influencing others towards it could tend to make it a fact : a living church, made of fleBh and blood, with voice, com plexion, and motion, and action, and a will of its own." Now, what was the end of that maaterpieoe of Iheologioal architecture of Dr. Newman ? Here is itB history given by the groat architect- himself : " I read the palmary words of St. Augustine, 'Securus orbis terrarum/' By those great words of tho anoient father, the theory of the Via Media was pulverised 1 I became excited at the view thus opened before me. I 'bad-seen-tb®- shadow of-a hand-npon-the- wall. He who has Been a ghost can never he as if he had not seen it ; the heayens had opened and closed again. The thought,- for a moment, was, ' The Ohnrch of Rome will, be fonnd right, after all.'" (158.) Have - you ever seen a man destroying himself more: completely at the very moment that he tries to defend himself? Here he does ingeniously confess what every one knew before, that his whole work, for the last ten years, was not., only a self-deception, but a euprrme effort to deceive the world — bis Via Media was a per-, feet string of infidelity, sophism, and folly. The whole fabric had fallen to tbe ground at tho sight of a ghott ! To build a grand strucr ture; in the place of his Chnroh, which hel wanted to demolish, he had thought it was; sufficient to throw a great deal of glittering sand, with some blue, white, and red mudj in the air 1 He tells us that one Bad hour came' when he heard five Latin words from St. Augustine, Baw a ghoBt — and his great struc ture fell to the ground ! I What does this all mean ? It simply means that God Almighty has dealt with Dr. New man as He did with the impious Pharaoh in the Red Ssa, when ho was marching at the head of his army against the church of old, and his chosen people, to destroy thorn. Dr. Newman was not only marching with Dr. Pusey at the head of an army of theo logians to destroy the Church of God, but he was employing all the resources of his intel lect, all tho treasures of bis false and delusive science, to raise an idolatrous church in its place ; and when Pharaoh and Dr. Newman thought themselves sure of success, the God of Heaven confounded them both. The first went down with hiB army to the bottom of the sea as a piece of lead. The second loBt, not his life, but something infinitely more precious — he lost his reputation for intelli gence, science, and integrity ; he lost the light of the Gospel, and became perfectly blind, after having lost his place in the king dom of Christ ! I have never judged a man by the hearsay of anyone, and I would prefer to have my tongue out out than to repeat a word of what the adversaries of Dr. Newman have said against him. But we have the right, and I think it is our duty, to hear and consider what he says of himself, and to judge him on his own oonfeaaion. At page 174 we road those very words from his own pen to a friend : " I cannot dis guise from myself that my preaching ;is not calculated to defend that system of religion whioh has heen received for 300 yearB, and of which the Heads of Houees are the legitimate maintainors in this place. . . I fear I must allow that, whether I will or no, I am dispos ing them (the young men) towards Rome." Hero Dr. Newman declares, in plain English, that he was disposing hiB hearers and the studentB at Oxford to join the Church of Rome ! I ask any one of you, I ask every honest man and woman in Great Britain, what oan we think of a man who is paid and sworn to do a thing, not only does it not, but who does the very contrary ? Who would hesitate to call suoh a man dishonest ? Who would hesitate to say that such a one has no respect for those who employ him, and no respect for himself ? Dr. Newman writes this whole book to refute tho public accusation that he was a traitor, that he was preparing tho people- to leave the Church of England and submit to the Pope. But, strange to say, it ie in that very book we find the irrefutable proof of his shameful and ignominious treaohory ! In a letter to Dr. RusBell, President of the Roman Catholic College of Maynootb, he wrote, page 277 : " Roman Catholics will find this to be the state of thiugs in time to come, whatever promise they may fancy there is of a large secession to their Oburoh. This man or that may leave us, but there will be no general movement. There is, indeed, an incipient movement of our Church towards yours, and ibis your leading men are doing all they can to frustrate by their unwearied efforts, at all risks, to carry off individuals, When will they know their position, and embrace a larger and wiser policy?" Is it not evident here that God was blinding Dr. Newman, and that He was making him con fess his treachery in the very moment that he waB trying to conceal it ? Do we not see clearly that he was complaining of the unwise policy of the leaders of the Church of Rome who were retarding that incipient movement of his Church towards Romanism, for which he wqb working day and night with Dr. PaBay ? (To bs Continued.) 