AMUSING. Judge—'"Tin's verdict could not have been readied on law and evidence." Foreman of Jury—"No, sir; we just used common sense." Judge (promptly) —" Overruled and sot aside." "There is only one objection to the new- tariff bill that I have not seen men tioned." "What is that?" " It docs'nt remove the tax from carpets. In the School of Journalism.—Pro fessor—" I again call your attention to the too common use of trite expressions. Mr Quills, can you not find a fit sub stitute for the well-known phrase ; " He died a natural death ? " Mr Quills (about to graduate as managing city editorial correspondent-iu-cliief) — "Well sir I suggest • He died without medical aid.' How would that do ? " Professor—" It is excellent, Mr Quills." Doctor—"Have you and your wife got rid of the ague?" "No, doctor; my wife and I are still very poorly." " Did you take the brandy and quinine I ordered you?" " Certainly,doctor." "Then the fever ought to have abated by this time. I supposed you took the medicine in the manner prescribed ? " "I imagine so. Mail and wife arc one, aren't they ? So 11 took the brandy, and gave my old wo man the quinine." " It is a beautiful hat, Jennie. Will you wear it to the theatre to-night ?" Wife—" Certainly not. I will wear it to church first, where it will be seen. Peo ple don't go to the theatre to look at hats, but at tlie play." Husband— " That's where you arc wrong, my love. If you wear that liat to the theatre,those I who sit behind you won't look at any thing else." They were having a good gossip. "IIow girls change. My Mamie, when she was little, never would go even into tlie par lor at night without a light, because, as she put it, tlicrc might be a man around. And now," she added, significantly, "she won't have a light in it because' there is a man there four or five nights a week." "It's gettiug quite dark now," re marked Cholly, us tliey sat ou the front piazza. "Yes," she answered, with a touch of scoin as she surveyed the dis tance between them. " One might im agine you were afraid of the dark." Young Hopeful—"Say, pa, j'ou must be a pretty strong man." Father— " Tolerably so, my son; tolerably so. What makes you think so ?" Young Hopeful—" 'Cause Uncle John said he went out with you the other uiglit, and you could carry the biggest load of any man lie ever saw without showing it." First Aiiglomauiao—" Just think of it. Chuwles. I Uulw the Prince of Wultlie as he was going into the Victoria Hotel this mawiiiug." Second Anglour.miac— " Wcally, Cawge. And I saw him as he was coming out." First Anglomaniac— "That is honor enough for one day. Let us return to our hotel." Tailor—" I really do hope you will settle this little uecouut to-day, sir. I have a heavy bill to pay my cloth mer chant." Captain (calmly)—" Confound your impudence.' You go and contract debts mid come dunning nie to pay them. Go out, or I'll send for the police." " Are you happier since your second marriage ?" he asked of his friend as they rode down town on a Broadway car. " Oh, much happier." " Then it was a case of love?" " Exactly, the same as witli my first, hut there is this difference —I feel more settled." " In your mind ?" " Yes, and all other ways. It was never quite clear in my first venture who ran the house, but in this case everything is plain sailing, and no occasion for dis pute." "She knuckled, eli?" "Oh, no. She's boss." One day the little Prince Imperial asked his father the difference between an accident and a misfortune. " Well," re plied tbc Emperor, with the ghost of a smile playing about the corners of his mouth, " if our cousin, Prince Napoleon, wove to fall into the Seine that would be an ' accident' ; if somebody fished liim out it would be a ' misfortune' I " 