Sport in fains. Tbc struggle for supremacy between Hambledon and Cairns in the world of sport is creating considerable interest. We call it Hambledon for the simple reason that the champions have nothing to do with the place, and as regards Cairns the other fellows ouoht to tniin at Old Aunt Sally and marbles for a time before they enter such a n"hle and ek- vating field. The first of a series of matches (2d per box) commenced on Sunday last, and was opened with prayer and a few baptisms of dusky infants. It was a pigeon shooting competition between Mr. Truinble of Hambledon and Mr Berthon, late of Hurlingham. Il is a pity the latter didn't stop there because the pigeons he met in this instance were not the birds he was acquainted with, and they are strangers yet. The feathered bipeds that Mr. Truinble encountered knew him and sitting in every confidence on the end of his gun very naturally fell victims to misplaced confidence and I he ingratitude of friends. Mr. A. Meston and his ltaliau friends declared that the birds shot were of the species known as jactarassi hilariottsxs, known io the vulgar as laughing jackasses. The William Tell of the crowd, if it must be told, was a kanaka known ns Achilles, who, with a bow and arrow shot one bird in the foot. Thc unfortunate pigeon or whatever it was had escaped from four barrels, and was hundreds of yards away, and was piping a little hymn of praise when the arrow caught him. The bows and arrows of out- rageous fortune in f::ct. The noble kanaka is now known by the soubriquet of " Who killvd Cnck«>l>«« rI'K- --. i .»l;yi¡,i»<U; »M» - wrt-. -1, ^fry" inf creating one, ana con- sisted of catching butterflies, and a gentle- man whose motto is " Dum Spiro, Spero," won easily, his opponent, however, asserted that be only gained the victory by the superior length of his impaling instrument. The thirJ contest will take the form of a billiard match between Messrs. Longden and Codlin, we mean Short, and if the .£100 reward for the discovery of the incendiary who attempted the de- struction of the Court House Hotel is not claimed, we ire informed on very bad authority that the amount will be handed to the winner. Wooden balls are barred for this match, but may be used by persons anxious to settle the ghost. We believe there is no truth in the rumour that the Premier intends to knight the winners of any of the competitions settled or to come, in fact it is more than likely, that the delinquents will be prosecuted for shooting in the close season. It is a pity they didn't shoot closer, and it may be argued in their defence that this is a far off season. The charge against them of desecrating the Sabbath bas been abandoned, and in future they have promised not to hide their " tights " under a Bushell, particularly if a ferocious dog is in hot pursuit. G. T. ii. 