" THE. JACKEROO; or CHANGES AND CHANCES in THE LIFE OF A FREE SELECTOR." A Local Story. BY "ROUSEABOUT." [All Rights Reserved,] CHAPTER XXIX.-(Continued.) Manty fully understood that his attempt was a total failure. Nothing could have induced Jones or Tanner to believe that he was ever really in earnest about it. He had risen very much in their estimation through doing it so well, and Manty, as many a wiser man has been compelled to do, accepted the situation. The whisky was produced, and in less than an hour Manty had got himself outside of several good nobblers, "Thunder, by Jove," exclaimed Jones. " Yes," said Tanner, " we are going to have a storm. Only look at the lightning." While he was speaking the rain began to pour down in torrents. "There comes old Dod," said Manty. "He will be lucky if he gets here before he is drowned." " Here's a go, boys !" exclaimed Tanner. "Old Boko is coming along the other way. If we can only get Dodd out of sight Boko is sure to come in. I've got whisky enough to make them both drunk. I'll take the odds Lanky gets the best of old Boko." "Done," said Jones. "Look sharp and get Dodd out of sight." Poor Lanky was rather astonished when he stopped his horse to find himself seized by the three, and curried instantly and bodily into the house. " Never mind the horse," said Tanner, " I'll take care of it. He did so by leading the horse and trap out of sight behind the house, so that when Mr. Boko arrived a few minutes later he never suspected that Lanky was already there. "Drink this or you will catch cold," said Jones, holding half a tumbler of whisky close to Dod's mouth. Lanky, who was returning from Corowa, was already pretty well primed. " Come in out of the wet," shouted Jones and Manty to Mr. Boko. At this moment Lanky, being left alone and finding himself in a proper frame of mind, began to sing " Pretty Jane." " What the devil is that?" exclaimed Mr. Boko. "Oh, it's that old fool Dod drunk," said Jones, "and he says you are afraid of him, and won't come in." "Is that woman with him?" asked Mr. Boko with a look of disgust. " No," said Tanner. "You don't think I would allow her to come here." " Well. I didn't know," said Mr. Boko. " I beg your pardon." "All right," said Tanner. "Say no more about it." " Now Mr. Boko," said Jones, "you would be all the better for a glass of whisky. Manty Galard is going away to-morrow, and we want to keep his spirits up a bit. He will never have such land anywhere else." Mr. Boko gave a grunt, and said " Land, indeed, he ought to see my gully." " Hullo, who is that?" exclaimed Dod as they entered with Mr. Boko. Jones immediately performed a ceremony of introduction. "It's all right, said Lanky Dodd. "I don't know him— I knowed him afore." " You did not !" said Mr. Boko. " You thought you knew a fool, who would let you go and disgrace the place, and never make an effort to put down such villainy— but that was not me." "You're jealous," roared Lanky. "You were sneaking after the old gal yourself; but It was not likely she would look at you with such as me about." "Dod," said Mr. Boko after a prolonged grunt, "you're a tougher man than I thought. You have swallowed a ton of "Rough on Rats ' if you have swallowed an ounce. You know you have, but you got seasoned to that sort of stuff eating the poisoned mice before you were married. I begin to think you'll kill her yet. If you do. I'll be your friend for ever." "No thank you," said Dod. "I don't want such friends as you. You know you have three meals a day on the smell of a greased rag." " Well," said Mr. Boko, " sooner than be in your place with that woman I'd eat something worse than greased rag." "I'll just tell you what she made him do," said Mr. Boko appealingly to the others. "She made him go out in the rain and sit on his bags of wheat to keep them dry. I saw him doing it myself. Did you keep much of it dry, Mr. Dod?" Lanky was speechless with fury, and could not at once speak, but, recovering himself a little, he roared, "I could cover more wheat by sitting upon it than you could grow in your blasted gully in all your born days!" Now Mr. Boko could give and take as much abuse us any man, providing no one spoke slightingly of that piece of land he was pleased to call "that gully." That was an insult beyond endur ance. And on this occasion Lanky not only did this, but, feeling he had said something that could not by any possibility be answered, he began to sing " Pretty Jane." Mr. Boko seized him by the hair, and he immediately sang out, " Don't, Maria ! Let go, Maria I Don't, Maria I I say I am as sober now as when I went away this morning." The three friends, who were in the seventh heaven of delight, pulled Mr. Boko away with difficulty, Dod continuing to address him as "Maria." Mr. Boko did the only tiling a man could do under the circum stances—he swore till he could not swear any longer. Jones pressed half a tumbler of whisky on him, and Mr. Boko seized upon it, and threw the tumbler and contents at Jones. Fortunately for Jones he missed his mark, but struck Dod in the face, causing poor Lanky to say, "Don't, Maria. I'll tell you all about in the morning." Mr. Boko rushed from the house to look for his buggy. He saw Lanky's, and jumped straight into it and drove off. Now Mr. Boko's trap was a good one, and so was the horse. Lanky Dod's was not. That was the chief difference between them. Jones, Tanner, and Manty enjoyed the sport amusingly, and now Jones proposed to awake Dod, and make him sober by a pro cess only known to himself, and send him home in Mr. Boko's trap, first impressing upon him that Mr. Boko had proposed a " swap," and that Lanky had agreed to it. This plan met with partial success, inasmuch as Lanky started for home determined to keep the trap, but, unfortunately he went to sleep, and the horse, not being in the secret, took him to Mr. Boko's house. When the horse stopped Lanky woke up and got out of the buggy, and went to the door, calling out, "Open the door, Maria I" Mr. Boko no sooner heard his voice than he began to swear vehemently, and declared his intention of leaving the country, as he "could no longer exist in the same place with that wretch of a man and that beast of a woman!" This was Manty's last night in the district for a long period; and, if the truth must be told, the three drunk more whisky before going to bed that night than three well- behaved young men ought to have done. Jones accompanied Manty to Wahgunyah on the following day to see him off. Manty was very down in the mouth at the last. He had no hope, now, of making a fortune and coming back triumphant. If he had been told that within two years he would again stand upon that platform, with his ambition ful filled, he would not have believed it. CHAPTER XXX. A CANNIBAL. At the time of Manty s departure from Corowa the One and Only Jones' was busily employed putting the finishing touches on his "brown." He had become so thoroughly sunburned and dis coloured that he was satisfied his colour would stand the test of a voyage to England or any other place. Added to this Jones was determined to get some good yarns to take back with him, descriptive of Australian life. Upon leaving Manty he applied himself diligently to mastering all the particulars of the story of "Fisher's Ghost." To this end he took his way to the "Baa-Lamb," in consequence of his having exacted a promise from the landlord to tell him the story the next time he came along. Suddenly he had an inspiration. He had seen several old hands with one big eye and one little one— a sort of fixed wink, which gave a knowing look, and could not be found on the face of any new chum. Why shouldn't he have a big eye and a little one? He felt sure it could be done with a little practice. He began to practise at once, and had the required deformity to per fection by the time he arrived at the public-house. The landlord looked surprised, but made no remark thereon, but said, "There are some new chums in the sitting room." Jones asked for a drink, and walked into the room mentioned. Taking a seat he commenced to observe the new chums— two young swells, in full masher costume, eye-glasses and all. Jones listened to their talk for some time, Inwardly comparing his own appearance to their's with great satisfaction. Their, con versation was all about persons of title whom they had known In England. glancing occasionally at Jones. He had kept quiet an unusual length of time for him, but now he thought ft was time time to begin. He said— " I say, Mister, what sort of cattle are them Lords you are talking of? Are they poleys?— and what's their colour? "What do you mean?" asked one, smiling, while the other laughed outright. "Ain't you talking of cattle?" asked Jones. " No,", answered the new chum; "we were speaking of the nobility of England. They are men, but they are very superior men." " You don't say that !" exclaimed Jones. "It's a fact," was the answer. "But why are they all named after our bulls? We have Dukes of Devonshire and Earls of Derby by the score." "Do you keep a cattle station ?" asked the new comer.. "Now look at me," said Jones standing up. "Do I look like a new chum ?" "No, you do not, if you mean by new chum a fresh arrival from the old country like myself; and" continued he, after surveying the One and Only critically with his eye glass," l am more inclined to believe that you have been exposed the sun for the last five hundred years without the slightest protection." "You are about right," said Jones, "only I have kept no account of time. But who aro you ? and where do yon come from?" "We come from London," said the masher. "My name is Clarke, and I am here in consequence of my father having more money than brains. This other sample of Great Britain, pointing to his companion, has not much money, but a dickens of a lot of brains. His name is Thrasher, and he can do more tricks at cards than anybody else I ever saw." " My name is Jones," said the owner thereof. " I am known as the One and Only. It's a native name, but I have lived so long among the savages that I have forgotten my own." "What do you mean by savages," asked Mr. Clarke. "I thought the aborigines were called blacks." "No," said Jones, "not by the people who know them. As a matter of fact they are only black in one weather; they turn blue when it rains, and grey when it is frosty." This conversation was plainly audible to Mr. Bear at the bar, so that when Jones added " I'll ask the landlord what the weather is like," Mr. Bear was quite prepared. " Hullo, landlord," shouted Jones, " what's the weather like?" "I don't know," answered Mr. Bear. "I'll go and look at the boy." " What's he going to look at a boy for ?" asked M r. Thrasher. " Why don'tcherknow," said Jones, " we always catch a young savage and keep him for a barometer." Before he could say any more Mr. Bear appeared leading a little boy about three years of age by the hand. The boy having been rubbed all over his visible parts with a blue bag was grinning with delight. " We are going to have a change," said Mr. Bear, "he's changing colour fast !" The astonishment of the stranger was excessive, and they looked so much at the blue boy that the landlord thought it prudent to send him out. Then closing the door carefully he approached Jones and said in a low tone "Will you try some lunch. I killed one last night, and there's a nice piece of the buttock just roasted. Can I trust them?" with a glance at Clarke and Thrasher. " What does he mean ?" asked Thrasher. ' Why," said Jones, " the savages in this country are very good eating, and the landlord killed a female last night, and has a nice piece of rump just roasted." " What!" exclaimed Clarke and Thrasher together. "This is worse than anything I ever heard of. Are you cannibals?" "No," said Jones. "These savages are not counted human flesh, but they are very nice, and when young are quite beefy. But come and try a bit for lunch." Both gentlemen declined, but asked if they could not have any thing else. "Of course you can." said the landlord. "What do you say to a rasher of bacon and some snake eggs," said Jones. "You would find them quite a luxury." "No, no," said Clarke, "just let us have a rasher of bacon by itself." "Just as you please," said Mr. Bear, "but I am sure you would like the snake eggs." The lunch was ready in a very short space of time, and a piece of beef was placed on the table, together with some fried bacon. Clarke and Thrasher sat as far from the beef, which they sup posed to be human flesh, as the table would permit. Jones seated himself before the joint, and cutting off a slice skilfully licked the blade of the knife, and asked Mr. Clarke to try just a small slice, but that gentleman could not be induced to try it, neither could Mr. Thrasher. Jones ate away with great gusto but said the meat was so rich he must have some whisky to keep it down, adding "but now that we are comfortable I must tell you I am here to hear a story from the landlord. You see there's some of us wealthy men can't read in this country, and it has become the business of the hotel keepers to keep us posted up on the news and general literature," "Good Lord!" exclaimed Thrasher. "May we stay and be enlightened?" said Clarke. "Of course you can," said Jones. " Now Mr. Bear," he called out "we are waiting for you." " All right," said the landlord, and he came in and commenced telling "Fisher's Ghost Story." CHAPTER XXXI. DEATH OF BRAND.. Brand's case did not come on for nearly two months after his arrest, and long before it took place Brand had made up his mind for the worst. His only hope was that something would transpire to throw some light upon the case. His own belief was that Crushem Sharp was the plotter, but he could not understand Mr. Limb being made the medium of the prosecution. He could not but admit that there was no flaw in the case. He was informed of the fire, and he had no doubt whatever that the fire had been lit to burn him out, and the escape of his property from the flames raised his spirits considerably. He had a feeling that his luck was changing, and he was in constant expectation of some wit ness turning up to prove his innocence of the charge. But, alas, for poor Brand, he was doomed to suffer a sore dis appointment; for, when his trial took place, the whole of the evidence was dead against him. the judge summed up against him, and the jury returned a verdict of " Guilty." Mrs. Brand, who was present at the trial, fainted, and Brand, after being sentenced to two years' imprisonment, was removed, Mrs. Brand returned to the selection with Mr. Bear, who had also taken her in his buggy to witness the trial. The poor woman was very much distressed ; but, strange to say, although previous to the trial her chief desire had been to give up the land and seek a place of greater safety, she, now that the worst had come, deter mined to stick to the selection in spite of all the squatters in Riverina. This determination she soon communicated to her husband, and it gave him the most unmitigated satisfaction. He did not suffer as much as might have been expected. His mind was so much taken up with thinking out plans of revenge to he put in force against Crushem that he was almost oblivious of his surroundings. He was kept well posted up as to the doings at the selection, and gradually he became resigned to the situation; so much so, in fact, that he gained the good will of the warders, and was looked upon as a model prisoner, who never gave any trouble, and, in consequence, he received many little acts of kindness from his gaolers. The confinement, however, soon worked a great change in his appearance — he became listless and haggard. The summer and autumn passed away, and the winter set in with heavy continuous rains. The face of the country underwent a great change; and, from being a waterless expanse of forest and plain, literally turned, as if by magic, into a lake. At this time Brand, who had been much cast down for some time, on account of not having had the usual bulletins from his wife for a month, suddenly made his escape. Great was the surprise of the officials one morning when the prisoner could not be found, The manner of his escape remained a mystery. An immediate search was set on foot, and it was generally thought that within a few days the runaway would be captured. But these expectations on the part of the officials were doomed to disappointment. They failed in every attempt to learn any tidings of the man they sought so eagerly for, and the escapee was gradually forgotten. Brand had made his escape one stormy night, chiefly through the negligence or misplaced confidence of a warder, and made the best of his way to his selection. He knew that he was more likely to be arrested there than anywhere else, but he was deter mined to find out the cause of his wife not having communicated with him. The unfortunate man walked for several days, nearly up to his knees in water most of the time. He obtained food from houses in the bush, when he was fortunate enough to get an opportunity. Late one afternoon he came in sight of Jones's house, and, after reconnoitering for an hour or so, walked up to the door, which he found locked. He, however, managed to effect an entrance, and, finding a piece of cooked beef and a loaf of bread, he ate a hearty meal, after which he laid down on a bed, thinking to take a short rest, and fell into a sound sleep, from which he did not wake until late next morning. He jumped up in u hurry, but as it was apparent that no one had been there during the night, he con cluded that it would be safer to remain in his present quarters for that day, and continue his journey at night. He found plenty of provisions in the house, and slept most of the day. He waited anxiously during the evening for the return of Jones, who, he felt assured, would be able to tell him why his wife had failed to communicate with him; but neither the One and Only nor anybody e!so put in an appearance. About nine o'clock he started for his own place. The way led through country almost wholly under water, and he had much difficulty in finding his road. It came on to rain heavily, and continued all through the night. Brand, after a weary tramp, arrived at his own gate, and, after taking a short rest, advanced cautiously. He did not think it likely that any police would be watching for him at that hour and such weather. But a deadly fear had taken possession of him. He tried to assure himself that this was the effect of what he had gone through, but without success. He could not shake off the horror that had so suddenly attacked him. He made bis way almost blindly to where he expected to find his house, but could see nothing of it. He rubbed his eyes, and, looking round as well as he could in the darkness recognised several familiar objects, amongst others a large pine tree that used to stand right in front of his door, not far from the garden fence. Assuring himself of this he made for the garden gate. It was there just as he anticipated, and the house must be within seven or eight yards. He advanced cautiously, wondering, much why he could not see it. Suddenly he met an obstruction. Feeling carefully what this could be he recognised his own fireplace: but where was the rest of the house? He had taken a box of Iucifers from Jones', and he now lighted one, in great trepidation. By the light he saw that the chimney stood alone— the house was gone. Poor Brand took one look, exhausted nature could stand no more, and he fell on his face. He remained unconscious many hours, and did not know any thing more until he found himself lying partly in the flreplace with the early morning sun shining on him. He had no doubt now that the reason he had not heard from his wife was because she was dead, and in all probability the child also. He attempted to rise, but found himself unable to do so. He was too stiff, and shivered so much that he had no strength left. He could only mutter, " Burnt!-all burnt I She knew what they would do, and I wouldn't listen." (To be continued.) 