Story Column- j St. Cttlibdrt's Tower bY florence warden. Author of 11 Tho Houso cn the Marsh" &c;» The solo right to publish this Btory in Brisbane has been purchased oy the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Chssell and Company, London nnd tfeloonrne. , Chatter XYIII. — (Continued.) -. .'.'.Aha, vicar, it looks very much as i£ you had a notion who it is I'm driving at!" " I don't , pretend to deny .that you mean my unlucky brother," said tho vicar, gravely.- " To admit that is really to admit nothing, as everybody knows ho was'suspected, just '.as thoy know too that I myself nevor believed he did it." , " You judge him by yourself, I expect. You, being of calm and well- regulated temperament, can't understand how a member of your family can ho so different from yourself." " There you are mistaken, Mitchell, us others have been mistaken before you. I'eople think I am calm because I am fat. As a matter of fact, I have been so worried over these suspicions of my brother that my wife has caught mo pacing up and down tho room in my sleep, too much dis turbed on his account to be ablo to rest." " It does you great credit to be so fond of him ;.I don't hiamo you in tho least for it. You do your duty as a brother, and I'll do. mine." . And I believe you'll soon como to tho conclusion that it is your duty as a brother to let the unhappy girl and her history ho forgotten ns soon as possible. " My duty ns a brother is to leave your brother alone, in fact !" " Haven't I told you I believe him to he ns innocent of this business as I am myself ? But these suspicions, which he can't ignore — for you take no pains to hide them — arc demoralising in tho ex treme. They mako him silent, sullen, mistrustful ; in fact they breed in him all the appearances of guilt." " Ay, that they do." " Supposing that ho had committed the crime, don't you believe in atonement ? After ten years of self- denial and hard work and sacrifice, might not a man reasonably suppose that his sin was, humanly speaking, washed out, and that he might indulge the hope of somo human happiness with a woman who loved him?" Jsed Mitchell turned at this, from con templation of the highly ornamental, castellated tower of the littlo church, to curious consideration of his companion's face. ' Oh," he said, very drily, "I didn't know you were encouraging him to marry." A deep flush overspread the vicar's face at this speech. Even his striking amiability was not quite proof against tho quiet sneer. Yo annoyance, however, appeared in his tone as he said — " Certainly I should not think of en couraging liiin to marry while those cruel rumours continue to he spread about htm. It would only he misery for both of tliom. But if once the evil reports were silenced and forgotten, I should urge him to find happiness in what I lmve myself found to ho the surest and host place to look for it — domestic nlcasures." Yed appeared to consider this proposi tion thoughtfully for somo moments. Then he said — " It's curious that you should be the first of your family that I ever hcurd to he of your way of thinking, parson, isn't it ?'' Again Mr. Brander reddened. It _ was an annoying thing for a popular spiritual autocrat to be questioned in this inquisi torial way hy a man in no way qualified to bo a judge of him or his family. But his patience was equal even to this trial. Ho said, very mildly — " Yes, I am afraid — that is, I believe that is so." " "Well, then, I think it's too much to expect to find another in the samo gene ration." Thero was a pause ; tho vicar looking mildly grieved, Yod munching a bit of stick with much relish, while lie regarded his companion out of the corners of his eyes. Evening was closing in rapidly. A thin mist was gathering under tho trees on the top of the hill, enshrouding tho tombstones and softening the outlines of the littlo white stono church and of tho pretty ivy-grown vicarage, Yot a sound was to he heard in the near neighbour hood ; and tho noises of the village — children's voiceB, lowing of cattle, and the carter's cry to his horses — came up faint and subdued from below. Suddenly this peaceful stillness was broken hy n long and dismal howl, which startled the vicar and caused Yed . Mitchell to turn his head attentively in the direc tion of his cottage. A minute later it wtt9 repeated, and before a word had been ex changed between tho two men on tho sub ject of the strange interruption, a yelping and harking began, and mingled with tho bowls, which still continued until the air seemed to vibrato with tho discordant 'sounds. . . ' _ ' " You'vo brought back a dog with you, I I perceive," said tho vicar. "H'm, yes. I've brought two. Pond of dogs, vicar ?" " Yery. Aro yeu going to oiler me ono of yours ?" " I don't think so. - They're not ex actly the sort Mrs. B. would fancy poking about her pretty garden. Thoy'vo got queer ways, my dogs." ' ' You'vo hod thorn some timo ?' ' "Ten hours. But thoy woro being prepared for mo beforehand. In faot, thoy havo boon somo timo in training." " " Sporting dogs, eh ?" " Yes, and trained for a particular sort of game." Yed Mitohell wbb rubbing his ohin slowly and listening to tho harsh duet -with much satisfaction. Tbcro: was 'a quiet significance in his words nnd manner which kept alive the curiosity of the vicar. " I should like to seo theso dogs, Mr. Mitchell," said he. ""Well, sir," said Yed, with: great heartiness, " ohooBe yonr own time.",. > 1 " Suppose, then, we say now ?" .. .Yowitis, thpp." ''/ A:'-i Yed removed his arm from the tomb stone against which ho had been leaning, and led tho way out of tho churchyard .with alacrity. "This place gives mo tho horrors towards ' night time," he explained as, with unwonted civility, ho opened the gate for the vicar to pass out first. " "Why, surely a man of your sound practical senso doesn't believe in . tho ghosts and goblins that keep tho ignorant out of churchyards at night?" " Yo ; but such things can bo <l>noin lonely graveyards under cover of tho popular horror. You agree with mo there, viear, don't you ?" Tho pig-headed colonist would harp alway8upon the same string. As plainly ns if ho had mentioned tho namo, his tono intimated St. G'uthbert's churchyard, and . the murder of n girl thero hy Yernon Brawler. But the vicar was learning how to " tako " him, and ho assented nt onco. They crossed tho little villngo green, under trees who30 bare branches began now to show small tufts of delicate young leaves. There was a strip of garden iu front of tho cottago ; it had a littlo spneo for flowers, hut was well filled with shrubs and evergreens, which grew close up to tho lower windows and almost shut out nil light from tho tiny sitting-room on the left- hand side of the door. Yed Mitchell, leaving tho path, forced, his way through tho evergreens, and, holding tho branches apart with his hands, beckoned his companion to tho window, before which tho vicar perceived a couple of strong iron bars had been put up. " "Why," said he, ns ho picked his way daintily over tho moist mould, " is it a menagerie of wild beasts you havo in there ?" ."Something very liko it," answered Yed, ns a couple of bruto faces, with hanging jaws and bloodshot oyos, dashed up uguinst tho window, licking tho dusty frames with long rod tongues and jostling each other with hungry eagerness. " "Whoa !" cried Yed, as he pushed up the window, and stretching u" fearloss htuul through the bars stroked ntul patted their sleek heads with nn assured strength and coolness which told them that he was their muster. " I must have the glass taken out of theso panes — what thero's left of it — or my pets will be hurting themselves." " Your pets said tho vicar, ns lie peeved into tho room, felt thoir hot breath on his face, nnd listened to their hungry growling. " "Well, Mitchell, you huve an odd taste in your choice of domestic favourites. If my inclination lay in tho direction of n couple of fierce hounds liko tlmt, I think I should consider that old kennel in the back garden a near enough ttbode for them." " What, for friends that I count upon to do me a great service !" exclaimed Yed, grimly. "Oh, no! my hounds aro already moro to me than his pig is to nn Irishman. Yo place that's not good enough for me is good enough for them. Besides, if thoy were put into the kennel they would be almost close tinder somo of your windows, and would disturb you and your good ludy at night. Thoy mako more than a lapdog's yapping when they are uncomfortable, I can toll you," ha added, turning with admiration to his hounds, who were snapping savagely nt each other and sniffing the air with dilated nostrils. " They seem to be hungry." said the vicar, who, if ho did not share their master's admiration, was much interested in tho brutes. " Well, which of us wouldn't be, if ho'd had nothing to cat till day? It's a part of their education, that," he went on, as lto drew back from the window and took up an iron spade which stood inside the littlo porch. "Yow I'm going to show you how accomplished they are, if you care to sec. If I bury an old hone with next to no flesh on it in any part of this garden, they'll hunt it up. That is, they will if thoy answer to tho war ranty I had with them. That's the ac complishment I bought them for." " Bear mo, very curious 1" murmured the vicar with great interest. " And this is your first trial of thorn ?" " Yes. I only brought them hack with mo in tho small hours this morning, and they've been without food ever since." " Anil are you sure of getting thorn out of that room without their muking a meal of you ?" " I must chance that. I didn't buy them for lapdogs, and I think I can manage them. Anyhow, I intend to try; I suppose, vicar, you've no mind to help me," ho added rather maliciously, as ho turned to go into tho cottage. " It isn't work for gentlemen of your cloth, I know. I don't suppose anything fiercer than a toy terrier is ullowcd hy the Thirty-nine Articles." " There's no mention of bloodhounds in them, certainly ; but I'm willing to help you all the same, if I can," said tho vicar, mildly, preparing to follow his host into the cottage. Yed Mitchell looked surprised. Then he glanced rather contemptuously from tho plump hands and neat white cuffs to the handsome, placid pink face, and said drily — " I'm afraid they'll make rather a mess of your linen, parson, if thoy don't of you." " I must chance that, as you say your self," said the vicar, calmly. Yed nodded, and saying he would be' hack in a moment, ho disappeared through, the porch with a grim chuckle. Whon ho roturned, a fow minutes later, holding in his "rough fingers a handful of mouldy bones, the vicar wns leaning against the porch, thoughtfully turning up his cuffs and his coot sleeves with tho most scrupulous neatness. "Yot a very tempting feast that, ono would hnvo thought." ".Well, if they want anything moro tempting than that to mako them hunt with a will I've boon deceived in thorn, that's all, and back they go to tho man I bought them from." . As ho spoke ho took up tho spado, and began to scorch for a suitable place ia which to bury the ficshloss bones. He decided on a spot in the hook garden, under the prickly leaves of an auricula. Thero, right under tho branches, ho dug a deep hole, not without much damage to his handB and his clothes. Into this holo ho throw_ tho hones, covering them onro- fully with tho displaced earth. Tho vicar laughed as Yed flattoned down tho mould and Btampcd upon it. " You aro expocting too much of those unlucky bruteB," said he. "I quite bulievo that thoy might grub up u nice fresh leg of mutton, or tho body of a no wly-killcd' rabbit. But old bones liko that, and under two foot of earth! Yo, my dear Mitcholl, it's not ib reason." " AU right," said Yed, .putting his hands in his pockets.' V If you think my little experiment is not worth watching, I won't troublo you with my company or my dogs.". "" Oh, but of courso I must see tho end of this.- And if your hounds do answer your expectations after aU, I quito agrco with you that the best room in tho house is not too good for such clover boasts." ("to db continued to-mobhow.J 