OCURLEW LADIES NIGHT. Tue Curlew Club. held its quarterly Ladies Night on Thursday, in the Fitz roy Town Hall, when there was a full house. The programme was as follows : Overture, "Kenilworth," Curlew Orchesra ; song,- ' The Maniac," Mr. Wm.i Boyle; song, " A Sunset Dream," Miss Ada Krakoweki (pupil of' Signora Venosta); Part Song, "The Martyrs of the Arena," Curlew Quartette; Violin Solo, "Martha," Miss Jeannette Marks; song, "No my Courage," Mr. W. G. Baumann; song, " Kathleen Mavourneen," Miss E. Smith (pupil of Miss Sara Lewis); recitation (comic), "Jamie Butler and the Owl," Mr. Will Elder. After a short interval the second part of the programme was commenced by the Curlew Orchestra playing " A Night in Berlin "; song, " Stride la Vamps," Miss Ada Krakowski; song, "' The Storm Fiend," Mr. P. Josephs ; song, "Killarney," Miss E. Smith; part song, "Joy Waltz," Curlew Quartette; basoos solo, " Carnival de Venice," Mr. Phil Langdale ; medley, " Binn's Ghost," Mr. Will Watkins. .?.... iut were a little too long under the circumstances. Mr. W. Boyle has an exceptionally good voice, and did justice to a difficult piece. Miss Ada Krakowski was heard to most advantage in her first song. The Coulew quartette, as usual, came on as if out for a stroll, but redeemed their want of alertness by singing well together, and with fine effect, so well indeed that they refused an encore. Miss Marks again displayed her skill on that most difficult of all instruments \--the violin, and secured the plaudits of the audience. Mr. W. G. Ban: mann scored a decided success, and had to respond to an encore. Miss C. Smith was likewise successful in obtain ing encores for each of her songs, and was particularly good in the latter one. Mr. Will Elder brought down the house, as usual, and deserved his encore. Mr. Peter Josephs gave a good ren dering of the "Storm Fiend," but sensibly declined an encore, so late in the evening. Mr. Phil Langdale is a master of the bassoon, and his solos are productive of great mirth. He met with his customary success on this occasion. Mr. Will Watkins is an undoubted favorite, and thoroughly merits the position, for his comic and musical sketches are certainly clever. He was, of course, encored. Mr. F. Ireland acted throughout as pianist in a most effective manner, and the concert went most successfully. Owing to its length, however, a good many were compelled to leave before it concluded. 