The Face at the Window. Silvani Todd mot ma at the Baville ono evening and took mo asido. I was living iu two rooms cot tar horn the Edgvmro road. '? Look hero, Williams,' ha began, 'I am going to Egypt on thin obolcrtt commission, und I eball bo away for six months at least. II you lika to move into m; bouse while I nm away, do no.' ' Tato youc lioasa in Grosvenar street?' I exclaimed. 'Yes. Why not ?' ha replied lightly. I will lc&vo; cheques (or the rent and taxes. You will bo doing mo a kindness. Gait is a lid? man, bat I would prefer not to leave the iirvaatB slone in the house,' ' But as to rent?' I said dubiously. 'Never mind about that. Or stay. In plaoo of rent you can pay the servants' board wngee, or find their keep if you lilea«c.' ' Dono with you,' I cried heartily. A week later I moved inio tho honso in O.osvcnor Btreet, No. 100. It was a fair-sized liouac. On tbo right of tho hall was tho dining room, spacious and wainecoted in 02k, with muoh Bombro furniture, and one largo window which looked upon the street. Bshind this was tho oonenlting room. The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well Btooked with ferns, and above it ' a ourious laos blind, secured the ueedful privacy.1 So muoh for tho house. I had bcon in it about three weeks ; the words, 'Come and see mo; I&m; living in Qrosvenor street now,' wero beginning to lose their first sweetness in tho mouth, when, on going out one morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. Ho had that moment rung tho bell. ' Doctor Silvani Todd ?' he naked, looking from mo to a paper bo held in his hand. 'Are you Dootor Hilvani Todd, sir?' ' No,' I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rates and taxes. ' I am not Dootor Toda. Ha ia in Egypt— in the Soudan ; right up in the country, in fact.' ' Anyono living here besido Dootor Silvani Todd I' he asked jerkily, poising a pencil above his list. ' Living here 7 Well, I am living hero, bat-' 'Christian name, surname and profes sion,' ho put in briskly. 'A oard will in sure neournoy.' Then ho explained that be was a canvasser \- for a directory. 'Your card, sir? Thank you,' he said. ' The name shall bo insetted, May I take your order for a oopy ?' ' No,' I replied brusquely, ' Is that all you want?' ' All this morning, thank you,' ho airily answered. He was not ono whit abashed by my man ner or ecrutiny. ' Then good-morning,' I held the door open, and only ebnt it when ho had fairly turned the corner. I am a shy man, and bis coolness had Btaggerod me. But it I had not seen him, when ray baok was turned, as he snpposed, in the act ot examining my letter-box— not tho look ot tho door, or the bolts or chain, but tho letter-box of all things — I was a Dutoh man. What oonld the man want with my latter-box? I began, though I would not have confessed to tho feeling for the world, to dislike the stillness and gloom ot the houec. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparison with my old lodgings ; bnt this alone did not account tor my uneasiness, which grew so marked that the striking of a olock startled me, and a ray ot sunlight shooting athwart the dira ncga ot the room made ma jump. No, 1 oaught tho infeotion from Gait. He was a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily ; tbo model ot a line and rule servant, sober and steady, and not, too intelligent. But be had a queer habit of going stealthily about tbo house, and though I did not mind this muoh, , I did object to another trick he had o( glanc ing ovtr his shoulders as ho waited at table, white his lace would put on at these times an unpleasant listening expression. Mora than ome I came upon him standing Btill in tho hall listening. And if I went into tho con sulting room to water the (cms, ho was sure to be at my elbow the next minute, listening Bgain, I darcEay. But this was not all. One night something happened, which gave ma real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I oould not sleep, and while I was lying awake, \- 1 thought I heard a cautious footB'.ep on the stairs. At my door it paused— if it was a footstep— for I could only hear the oreaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. ' All fanoy 1' I eaid to myself, and turned over. 'All fancy I' But I was not quite satisfied, and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pjjamas, just as I was, went out on the landing. I oould hear nothing. I oropt eoltlydown the utairs in the dark. All was etlll. The ticking of tho eight-day clock and the occasional grating of a window as the breeze roso or fell were the only sounds insido the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached tho toot of the Btairs, and, satisfied now that I had deceived myself, was turning to go baok, when my movement brought the keyhole of tho oonsulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it \- into tho darkness of tho hall. Well, I hesitated ; perhaps whilo the olock above ticked a dozen times. I considered the position. Someono might have oarelessly left a light burning in that room. Only the room was not in use. And then what of the stepson the Btairs? On the other hand, there might be a burglar ineide. And than bad I not better summon tha police f Bnt aupposa 1 did this, and lo 1 a mere lighted oaiidlc? That would be a* humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridicule more. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. . For a seaond or two I was dazzled by the light, though it proceeded only from a (single candle on tho mantel. No one moved in the zoom. No one was to bo seen. I stepped aautiouBly in with a Bmile on my face, and '. —and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple ot feet aside. . ' Why, Gait I' I cried the next minute, seeing that it really was the servant who, alone and balf- dressod, was standing by the window. 'What are yon doing here? What are you doing up at this time of night ?' I cried imperatively. lie did not answer. Ho was trembling violently. I had given him a great shook, that was clear. He passed one hand across hU brow ia a atupii way. In the other he held tho garden syringo I have mentioned. I ' thought I grasped tho position. 'I will tell you what it is I' I said, taking II p the candle, and holding it so that its light full upon bis dazed faoo and distended eyes, ',l will tell you what it is, my man 1 You hive been walking in your Bleep 1' lie shaded hid eyes with his hand and partly turned from mo. 'I am afraid I have, sir,' he muttered abjectly. Jlu -job still forced to steady himself by resting one band on the table. I took tho uyringe from him. - 'I suppose that this is not the first timo you have dono it ?' X said querulously. T- have aaervaut who walked in bis sleep, It w«s too provoking. 'No, Bir,'he anBwared, his teeth obatter ing with tho flight or tho oold. 'I used to do it when I was a boy. But I thought I had grown out ot it years ago.' ' I hope that you will prow cnt ot it now,' . I replied ecveioly. '?The:;, get to bod, and for goodnctr tile olsy thoro it you oan.' '?' Te8, tir,' ho said humbly, 'IamBorry that I dwturocd you, sir.' \- I made a cign to him to go first. As I followed 1 glanced round the room at the strange mcdloy that covered tabla and wwitelpiwa wcl OTeiBowed 00 to chain »nd braokcts. On a shelf above the flreplaoewaa a mummy's bead with horrible glass eyes that scorned to bq winking at mo, and in bottles below it were preparations whioh Todd had been using to illustrato his physiologioal lectures at Bartholomew's. ' Ugh I' I exolaimed, dosing tho door with a shudder. I soon fell asleep when I got back to bed. But onoo at least I awoke with a start and eat up, in the boliof that someone was again moving about tha house. Next day I had a bad ucrvoun headache, and was as irritable as. oould bo ; so that when Gait as usual crept upon me whiln I was naterinp- the ferns, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. 'Woll?' I exolaimed. ' I came to see it you wanted anything, Bir,' Wanted anything, indeed I ' No, nothing 1' I retorted. ' And I think, Gilt, that you would be far more usefully employed, if instead of following me about the house you were to clean the windows. The ono in the dining-room is in a disgrace ful Btato, considering that there arc three terviu.tj in the house and only one master.' 'Very woll, sir,' he answered respect fully. lie was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of bo re buking him felt a glow of pride in my moral courage. 'I ?will see to it, Bir,' ho Baid; 'but Doctor Todd usually allowed mo to have a man to olean the outside.' ' Then get n man. Dj it in tho usual way. That is all I want,' I aniwcrod. Ho assented again, adding something, however, about the riiflkulty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind ftoo minutes Inter, when a man acooetcd me as I aroseed Bond street on my way to ohambera. ' Will your honor Rive me a job of work?' ho said. T looked at him. Ho was not tearful as beggars are. Oa the contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. ' A job of work ?' I answered, glenoinn; at my slim umbrella and varnished boots. 11 Do I look es if I had jobs of work to give away ?' ' Your honor looks as if you would tjive thorn away it you had,' ha answerod with ready wit. I laughed. ' Can you olean windows?' I asked, ' Clean all your windws, eir, for a shil ling 1' he rapped out. ' Then yon would have a bad bargain,' I replied, thinking with pride of my fivo floors and basement. 'Horel you may take this to 100 Grosvenor street.' I pencilled a few words on a oard request ing Gait to lot the bearer olean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when ho had done. For some reason, I do not now xemomber why, I went home from obambers early that afternoon, I bad scarcely taken tho latch key from tho door before I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Gall was standing at tho consulting room door, bis back to it, In front of him was my shabby Irishman, geetioulaticg wildly, and talking at the top of his voioe. As I wiped my feet on tho mat, Gilt out himshoit. ' You do not go into this room,' he said ; ' that is enough for yon I' ' And why not, my honey ?' the Irishman was beginning. ' Sure, and his honor was saying that I was to clean the windows, everv blessed ono of them.' 'Ho said nothing ot the kind,' I inter posed sternly, as I oame forward. ' I did not say that you were to oome into tho bouse at nil. I said that you wero to clean tho outside ul the windows. How is this, Gait!' The servant mu.'tored something. ' I expect him to do his work. Now, as you havo let this man cloan the other win dows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You oan stay with him. Open the door.' Bat Gilt did not stir. He looked at mo Bu'lonly. 'DjctorTodd in particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir,' be said, in a tone that matobed bio fnco. 'And tothehouso, I have no doubt I' I returned, throning open tho door myself. 'Stay |' I added, alter glanoing round. 'Closo tho inner window over tbo fern?. That is hotter. Now be can do no dam ago.' I saw this arrangement carried out beforo I left them. Then I went into tho front room to write a letter, bnt was presently roused by tho repetition ot a loud knoek. Gait, I knew, must be able to hear it as well as I could myself. I Btrodo into the hall. ' Do you not boar that someono is at tbo door?' I Baidourtly. He did not move. Instead, be pointed silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. ' Nonsense 1' I exclaimed. 'Go to the door at onoe.' Still n moment'B hcailstion, and bo went. The person at the door kept him eomo timo. Afterward I needed coal in the front room and a oup of tea. His Bcruples had arieon ratbor late in the day I thought, and I took a rniBonievous pleasure in keeping him irom his post. But what did it all moan I What, indeed ? I did not oonnect, as yet, the man who had been so inquisitive about the lotier-box with Gait. The lalter'a conduct by itself was enough to puzzle mo. His Bleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and bia strange obBtinaoy about the consulting room, gave Boope for wild conjeotures, and certainly filled mo with distrust of him, bb well ass secret pttjudios against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more Btruok than beforo by the nervouB manner in whioh he continually started and glancod be hind him. ' What is it that you are afraid of, Gait ?' I said suddenly, thinking to take him by surprise. Then, as ho did not answer, ' Is it burglars?' I asked, the scene with the Irish man iu my mind. 'BarglarB, sir?' 'Yes, Mind what you are doing with the kidneys I' I said eharply. ' I thought that the burglary o'osa by in Bond street, at that jewellor'a, might have frightened you. Man alive I there is nothing here to tempt that '? 1 hope not, Bir,' he replied huskily. ' I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. 'Rjally, Gait, I do not think that yon are well,' I remarked, in a more kindly tone, ' We want Doctor Todd back already.' He began to tell me that he had not been himself of late, whon ho stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation Btaggered back from the table. The plate he was holding fell, and was shattered on the arm ot my obair, The gravy ran over my sleeve.. I jumpsd up in a rage. ' What on oarth is the. matter with you?' I exclaimed, very muoh inolined to t»ko him and shake him. 'I saw a— a face at the window,' ho gasped. His own face was white. His lips trembled bo that ho oould scarcely framo his words. A faca at the window I I bad been sitting at a round table oloaa to tho window, and when I rose 1 had done so with my back to the light. Now, I turned swiftly round, fol' lowing tho direction of his eyes. Looking past mo, the) were fixed on a corner of tho window. But there was no faoe to bo seen. Gait was wiping bis brow with bis handker chief. 'Havo yon been drinking?' I asked. ' No, eir.' There was no indignation in his answer. 'Umpul I am surprised to hoar it,' I eaid, . 'For shame, man I pluck up a spirit, Now go downstairs and onmpoce youraolt. You oan tell Caroline to bring me up another plate.' When the nlato had been brought Ire earned my breakfast. Bsally Gait was be coming unbearable, Wm he going oat ot bis mind 1 Or was it morely that something bad unstrung bis nerveB ? A man must bo pretty far gono — farther, I thought, than could bo comfortable tor his neighbors — be- foro ho could oonjuro up faces in broad day light, and— What was that ? I wan out ot my chair in tbo fifth of a second, for with tbo tail of my eye, aa I reached across tho table tor tha salt, I bad Been a faoo at my elbow — a face gluod to tbo pauo, and such a one 1 A faoo, white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and Hanked by liugo ears! A greedy faoo, with dull eyes, that glared in upon mo. I was not frightened, but I was startled, Tho face was unoxposted, and it was horribly oIobo to mo. It was no wondor tint I sprang up aa I did. Yet the thing wqb hardly seen— I had barely turned my full gazo upon it — beforo it wag gone. ' The impudent scoundrel!' 1 oricd, when my firtt surprise waB over. ' I will noon put a stop to that 1' I rnn to tho front door, and opening it, looked into tho street. Near at hand thr.ro was no one. In tha distanco two or throe broughams wero waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling off, half a dozen people wero going this wa7 or that. But no ono was by tho win dow. Yot this did not greatly ootonish me. Tho houses in Grosvcnor street havo project ing portiaoes whioh would hido a fugitive, though bis pursuers wero but a few yards dis tant. My first impulse waa to go up the street, 1 hatlbsa aa I was, and hunt him out. But I after all he had dono no hiinn, and I oon tented myself with vowing vengcanoo if bo should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I oould still laugh at tha serious way in which Gait had taken it, I did not rtturn to my old seai. I removed my plato so that I might face the window. Somehow tbo face haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark corner, a pale imago of tho flat features and fishy eyes shaped itself in tbo gloom. Tho furniture, too, took queer forms where the firelight fell upon it, and this went so far that I felt sensibly relieved whon I was fairly outside the house. But that day being a busy one, by tha evening I had forgotten my domestic concerns, and when Caroline took off tho covers at dinner I asked where Gait was. Gait was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. 'I do not think that ho has been woll for soma timo,' I remarked. 'No, sir,' said Caroline, solemnly. She shook her head, as if oho oould fully account for it, ' What do you think is tbo matter ?' I was constrained to aek. ' Well, sir, we think it is tho smell of the doctor's stuff.' 'Oh, indeed,' I answered, muoh tioklod. ' But you are not ill?' 'No, sir. But you toe, Gait— ho ia more in the doctor's room. He has been in there ft good bit lately, and he is not like the Game man.' ' That reminds me ot something,' I said. 'I left my littlo silver matoh-box on tho corner of the table in that room this morn ing. Will you fetch it for mo beloro I forget it, Caroline?' Whilo aho was about my errand, I, think ing over what she had said, began to see a connection between Gait's oddity, or illness, or whatever it was, and tho oonsulting-room. I saw a clear connection. Still there conld not be anything in what the sorvant said. Doctor's Btufl I That was abEUrd. And it was still more absurd to suppose, though I disliked the room myself, that there oould be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet— A shrill ecream, and tho violent dosing of a door, out short my reasoning. I ran out into the ball. The girl was leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hand preeuad to her side, her breath coming in Rasps. She was on tbo verge of fainting. Luokily her ory had reached other earn, aud the cook came flying from b?low, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any oaueo 0! fear, oaught a glimpse of Gait's palo face peering down at us, ' Gcodnecs, Caroline I what is tha matter now?' I asked roughly. I was getting very tired of these excursions and alarms, and was finding it more and more hard not to c-Jert and glance behind me, as Gait did. ' I saw a faoo — a faoo,' she Bobbed. 'At the window?' I asked eagerly. ' No, sir. Over — over the mantelshelf.' ' The mummy'u head. Why, you boo that every day 1' I cried. '' There must havo boon something else beside that to frighten you?' ' There— thero was something else,' Caro line g&Bped.; 'Lar' a mercy I'1 exclaimed the cool:, looking behind her and then at me to soo that I was not leaving them. ' What else ? What else I What else did yon sea ?' I repeated impatiently. Bit, and it was provoking enough to make a saint ssear and return violently to his dinner, Carolino would not er.y. No, though I asked her again and again, and in the main she was a stoat and sensible girl. She had soen something else beside tha head, and that was all oho would tell us. I concluded in the end that she was embroidering the matter, and that all she bad seen was the mummy's bead, upon which, perhaps, the light passing through tho open door might have fallen with a now effect. I went back to my dinnor ; but first I took tha lamp and thoroughly searched the eon euUing-room. 02 course I touud nothing, or nothing that ehould not have boon there. The mummy's faoe Btnirkcd upon me uu otmnged, save that it looked a little more dirty. The preparations in their bottles be low it were untonohed, and in tho midst of them the board on which tho dootor pinned his oardB of invitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, would have been the better, where it was not hidden by ' fixtures,' for a littlo soap and water. . Thero was nothing new in the room; no thing had been removed or altered. Yet I Bearcbed undor the tablo and in the oup boards. I aould not get tho face I bad Been at the window out of my mind. The very features sf the parchment mask abovo me put on a grotesque likeness to it. Bat by this time I was in a oondition to imagine any thing. Anything? No, not quite anything. For surely that ory was not fancy, oould not be fancy. That short, quick scream, which oame shooting up the staircase lato tbut night, and pieroed my earn, so that I dropped the extinguisher and snalohcd up tho candle stick 1 That was not fanoy. It was real, as real as the white, startled face I saw peeriug into tha looking-glass a moment later. 'Hang it all I' I muttered hastily. 'I cannot etand this. I shall bo seeing a ghost next. Is tho house bowitahed ?' I ran down ibe stairs, liutoning as I went. There was silence abovo and below; I icaoliod the lowest flight and halted abruptly. From there I oould see the hall, and raising my ottudlo above my hoad peered downward. Ah I what was it? Who was it? Step by step I came down until I touched a prostrate form. Then I set the oandla on the stairs, and stooped over it. Thank Heaven, there was no blood I It was Gait, and he was alive. With an effort I turned him over, re cioilinR.BQ instant aa a clasp-knife rolled from hie hand. I picked it up, and ? he Bighod. He bad merely fainted, then, and punning the mat under his head I rose to my feet, my firBt tears relieved. I looked round. The dining-room door was wide open, that of tho coneultingroom w&b; ajar. Without taking up tho oandlo, with Boarce a moment's thought, I flung the latter open and stood on tho threshold look ing in. I held my breath and shivered, I oonfese, for I saw what he had seen and Caro lino bad seen ; bnt overcoming the first nervous desire to ory out or flee, I stood looking the thing in the face until all fear was gone. Truly in the face — for it was a facs I saw — a luminous death's bead. EycB, month, and nostrils were black caverns iu a palo lambent mask, I| w«g grim enough, But taking into account its position over tbo fireplaoo, a moment's reflection satisfied me that Bomeone had trickled out the poor mummy's bead with luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures board, in letters rough, but dear, 'Thief 1' Thief I I understand tha word, tha some thing clso which Caroline bad Been ; but who had written it, or why ? Yet it dearly be hoved mo to find out. In tho niak, and also at tho junction cf tho stool and haft, wero somo fragments of a thing almost aa straago in that house— dry er.i'tb. We had no garden at Ono Huudred and Ninety, except tho win dow garden at my elbow; and why should Gait have been digging in the half-barrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Why, indcod 1 I brought tho oandlca closo to tho window, and eoauued tho surface of the scanty soil which made up onr sole garden ground. Surely I was on tha track, for on putting aeidti fair sized ferns I eaw that tbo handful of etrlh against tho baea of tba biggest etona bad been lately moved and watered. With tha knife I dug out the damp mould. 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny cavern in or under the stone bcoamo visible. I thrust iu my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I -started atV sight of them I How they flashed and glittered in tho pale rays of the candle I They wero diamonds — a neck lnoo, pendant aud bracelets. They were in I their settings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind me warned me to turn. Our eyes met, Gait's and mine. ' Thiol I' I said. ' Give thorn to inc I' he muttered doggedly, ttrctching out his hand. ' Nothing of the kind,' I answered. I Etill held bis knifo, nnd there waB a moment when I felt glad I had it, Tha man was a coward, but a coward in a corner is an awk ward thing. I had tha lmife, however, and did not quail. 'Nothing of tho kind, you thief 1' I thundered. 'I shall bo more likely to give you to tbo polioo unless yon tell me this moment tho whole tsutb.' A knock oamo to the door. 'You will not go,' be muttered. 'Most cestainly I Bhall,' I returned; and passing through tha hall opened tho door. A man stopped quickly in and removed his hat. He was tho man who called to oaovae for tho directory. 'You are Mr. Williams?' ho said with a steady look at me. ' I am Borry to drop in at a queer hour, but business is business, and mino is unpleasant,' . ' Perhaps you will explain what it is,' I replied. I had an unooBy presentiment of the truth ; and surely enough he answered : ' I am a detective, Mr Williams. You have the proceeds of a jewel robbery here, and it is my duty to warn you that everything you Bay will be given ns evidonco against you.' ' That I Bay I' I oriod. ' AgainBt mo 1 Me ? Yon are forgetting yourself, man ?' Good heavens this was too absurd I And yot— and yet my right hand hidden in my pocket was clasping the jswels — was full of tho Btolon property I No wonder that I grew hot all over I ' Better tsko it eaBy, Bir. I have not boon looking in at that window yonder a dozen times a dny for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant— Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inuide there, and searched tho room too when be was oleaning the window — when I saw . you come down with n light, aud your man all ot a heap upon tho floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if you will hand, over the stones oomtortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will be better for both of you.' A groan proceeding from the open door ot tho consulting room proved that Gait wss listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew mo asunder. I met the detective's cun ning eyes, and clenched my fiat. I felt tho jewels between'iny fingers, and turned Biok with terror. '. , ' Ia tho servant in thore ?' asked the man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. ' lie made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though tha blood Hew to my face, and I felt as if tho prison warder's hand already or.st its ehadowB upon mo. Gait etill est huddled up in his chair, and as I took my place beeide him the detective eyed us both with a contempt he did not try to oonaoal. 'A pretty pr.iryou nro I The idea of such os you trying on thia gamol Why, it is enough lo maka a dog laugh I' Aud laugh be did. How I hated him for his vulgar triumph I 'Look bore,' I ur.id; 'you will behave yourself properly while you aro in my house, my man. You know 03 well as I do that I ' You havo got tho plunder,' he Baid, be coming grave again. 'And you and your accomplica have it hidden away Bomowhero for the past forltigbt. It will be for you and him to say how it was come by.' Gait looked up, tbo pioture of wretched ness, ' I found it in tho letter-box one morning,' he muttered, 'The robbery in bond street was in the papers tho eamo morning.' Tho deteotivo nodded sagely. 11 1 thought so,' ho answered. ' The burg, lira wero chased. One whs taken a few yards from hero. We found nothing upon him, but ho owned up that ha bad droppod some of the plunder through the letter slit of a house- a tow doors away. I spotted this bouse. And now it will be only a question of receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen. I daresay that if tho things aro restored ' at pneo that no charge will be made.' ' Hero ia . the jowellery,' I replied hastily. ' I only discovered its presence in the house a few minnteo ago. 'And yout sorvant ?' he asked, is he Briatohed at the jowelo. Tha beads of perspiration wcra standing on Qalt'a brow. Hehad been an honest m&n; beforo the discovery of that mass of bril liants in the letter- box had corrupted him. 11 1 jsm quito euro ho will tell the truth,' 1 said, ul will answer for his appearance. Do you not think you oould manage mat ters?' ' I think I oould,' bo answered slowly. ' I think I could Equate it, and do no wrong to auyona — for a consideration, sir.' 1 made a bargain with the officer. Ho was to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in terred that Gait voluntarily oame to him with tho Btolon pr'opeity. ' Wait for mo in tho hall,' I said, taking a oandlo from the table ; ' I must fetch the money from my bedroom.' Gait and tbe detectjvo were standing to gether in the hall, looking at ono another as ill-tempered dogs look. 'Hero is your money,' I said. ' Now bo 0 ireful that you fulfil your part of tho bar gain.' Ha put tho notes in his poaket. ' You will hear no moro ot it,' ho said, empbatioally. Gait muttccod his gratitude, v.'hilo I put a ttop to his effiisiv.i thankfulness. 'Goto bod,' I said, brusquely, 'and do not feel loo sura that be will keep bis word.' But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. Wo have not since beard of bim, or of the jewels. As day r.fter day passed, and Btill no patagrapta. appeared in the newB papers, no summons arrived in Grosvonor street, the truth fcefjup to dawn upon me. I made aautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men bad been oonvioted of tho robbery, but the diamonds hud novcr been found, and their disappearance have be oomo o otanding mystery. ' Thero uro more ot the gang about,' said tho inspector. ''Wo have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but wo can prove nothing; and we ounnot see how the men who wcra in it could have paused the plunder to them,' I can eee.very well bow it wa3 done— very well, and how any littlo expenses attandins! tho process wero paid ; but 1 am ohy and norvouf. I blush, it is truo, as I paBS a cer tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, but 1 keen my own oouusel So does Gall, 757 