CHAPTER 111. A GALE IN THE GREAT SOUTHERN' OCEAN AND TUB SOMETHING WORSE THAT FOLLOWED. It was certainly very strange, but after I j recovered my presence of mind I could not ] have sworn positively that Allan Fraser had attempted to destroy mo. I was aware that I had leaned over cue tanrau a good way, ana no night after all have fancied that I was in danger and acted accordingly, heaving me for ward somewhat in order to get a better grip of me. Tenor and excitement might have caused all the rest. But although I confessed to myself that all this was possible, I never for a single instant imagined it to be probable, and my belief that Allan Fraser had attempted my life was not shaken. Under such circumstances it was in sufferable to hear Allan continually being praised and congratulated for tbe good deed he had done, and to find myself compelled either to echo such sentiments or to be set down as an ungratefnl brute whom it would have been almost as well to have allowed to drown. One good thing that the incident taught me was to be caui'-ous, and of the folly of waving a red flag before a bulls face when there is nothing between him and the beast's horns. It was a lesson worth learning. "Well, we wem't long now in getting down into the very cold latitudes, those dreary regions where there is a clean sweep of sea all round the world, with never so much as an island or even a rock to check its course, and where the wind blows almost continually from the west, hurling the huge billows eastward like water;- mountain.1), and carrying1 tlie great ships along in their course as Ihuugu they weru mere bubbles or corks. Night and day two men were, stationed at the wheel, and the days were but six hours long and the nights eighteen. Very little canvas dared the struggling vessel show to such winds as now blew, yet tney urged her along at Buch a rate that she often made a run of three hun dred miles in the twenty-four hours. But, oh, thejdreariness andthe horror of those times, with their grey skies and their greyer seas, the cold—the damp—the utter blankness and desolation.The longing gaze dwelt day after day and week after week upon an ocean with out a ship, a sky without a sun; on deoks that the waveB tore over like bounding horses, on bulwarks riven and rent into matohwood, with yawning fissures here and there; on lifelines stretched from stem to stern, and on yellow oilskin-clad, sou'wester-batted sailors clinging to them as they went about their duties. Then at times the hatches were battened down as well, and we passengers were half suffocated in the nearly dark saloon, which the fog would somehow or other manage to pene trate and fill, though ozone couldn't, and there we would sit with nothing else to do but gaze in each other's faces, whilst the billows would buffet and boom against our fragile craft till she would seem to shudder ana shiver like some living thing in mortal agony, and the water would leak in between her straining tim bers and saturate our bed and bedding through and through. I thought that the worst had surely come then, but I was grievously mistaken, for a gale arose which lasted three days and nights, and compared with which all that had gone before was leBS than nothing. Battening of batches was no good then. sea forced its way through everything, and washed down the com panion ladder into the saloon, where it was soon playing a game of leapfrog across the dining table. It invaded the staterooms, swamped the lower berths, and splashed up into the higher ones in which we poor wretches lay to avoid being drenched and perhaps drowned. Meanwhile the wind shrieked and the ocean roared and moaned so that we oould not hear each other's voices, and all the light whioh we received was from the luminosity of the in vading waters, and that was a most ghastly light indeed. Now and then the captain would come down the ladder and wade thigh deep through the flood to get at a certain cupboard and a certain brandy bottle, and sometimes be would yell through his great copper speaking trumpet, for the general benefit, ere he returned to the deck, some such words of comfort as "She holds together yet," or "Still afloat, my hearties," but for a long while nothiug more encouraging. At last, however, when things appeared to us to have reaohed the hopeless stage, and Allan Fraser was praying aloud, but in so agonized a manner that it struck me as I lay i'ust at his elbow with my ear almost touching lis lips, that no really good young man oould have had so intense a fear of death as he evidently entertained, the captain came down yet again, and on this occasion bellowed out cheerily, "The worst is about over, for the barometer's rising. I guess the gale will have blown itself out oeforeeight bells." And it had blown itself out by then, and some three hours later we were all allowed to go on deck, with strict injunctions, however, to hold on by the lifelines, though I imagine that even the very bravest of us would have done so without the advice, for it was a trulv . fearful scene that we gazed on, as such a sea I never beheld even in pictures; but then artists don't often go so far 'as the great Southern Ocean for their subjects, compared with which Biscay's Bay, even in its most perturbed state, is but a millpond. A storm mainstaysaii was all in the way of canvas that the ship dared show, and now that the force of the gale had moderated she pitched more desperately than she had done when the storm was its height, at one moment thrusting her bows right under until even her capstan had disappeared, and the next, rising like a rearing horse and casting tons of slimy green water on to her main deck, which would rush out through the huge gaps that fortunately had been rent in her bulwarks. Three men wcro lashed to the wheel and could juBt manage to control it. Had it over powered them but for an instant the ship would have been whirled round and turned broadside on to the eastward rushing waves, which would have overwhelmed and sunk her in the twinkling of an eye. The rest of the watch on deck were clinging here and there to ropes and shrouds as limpets might cling to rocks, tightening their grasp and holding their breath as first one huge wave and then another rose high in the air and threatened to break on board and sweep away all before it. Sometimes wc would be lifted upon the back of some mighty roller and carried along with wonderful velocity, and on one of these occa sions we saw at what seemed no groat distance an iceberg gleaming vast and spectral between leaden- hued sea and pall-like sky. It was of great height, and rose sheer out of the water, but we were only vouchsafed a moment's sight of it, for the next we were sliding down into a deep ocean valley again till the shiny shiru mery water rose on all sides of us higher than either our mastheads. It was at this juncture that a cry was raised by one of the men at tlio wheel of " Hold on! hold on for your lives !" and with one excep tion we followed the advice, without first endeavouring to ascertain why it was given. That exception was Allan Fraser. He looked round ere be tightened his grasp upon the life line, and the consequence was that, whilst the rest of us were merely carried off our feet and then dashed down on to the deck he was swept away into the scuppers, and as we ail thought at the time carried overboard. A trifle further forward he would have gone out through a vast fissure which had been torn in the bulwarks, but, as it was, he itad been dashed against woodwork that was intact, and instantly gripped something which kept him afloat in about a yard depth of hissing, swirling, gurgling water. He, however, evidently thought himself in dire extremity, for he shrieked for succour, and a couple of us somehow or other managed to rescue him, help him up the sloping deck, and close his hands around the lifeline, which wo told him not to let go of again as he valued his existence. Instinct, howover, was stronger than fear, and hardly bad the words of advice escaped our lips when his left hand had quitted its hold" on the rope to thrust deep into his waistcoat pocket, tnc pocket thai held the turnip watch. It lingered there but an instant, and then was withdrawn to clutch at the rope again, but the expression of thankfulness, almost indeed' of ecstatic joy thatpassed over Allan Fmser's face was a strange eight to behold as he uncon sciously mummied in perfectly audible tones, "Safe, safe, quite safe." "Why, you seem to be more thankful on your watch's account than you ate on your own," I could not help exclaiming, indfeed" 1 could hardly resist the temptation of tearing it out of his pocket by force and solving the question as to its contents then and there before them all. Had it been safe to let go of theliferope for a single instant 1 verily believe that I should have done so. As it was, how ever, I resolved that by hook or by crook the watch should change hands veiy shortly, at all events for a brief while. Well, very soon all of us had had quite ■enough of the wave-swept deok, and were glad enough to return to the saloon, wherein the water was not much higher than our ankles, and in some places was already covered with a thin layer of ioe, so that we were thankful to -climb into our bunks. The worst was, however, over, that was to 'say for the time, and in another twenty-four; hours the place had dried up, and the angry: seas no longer swept our decks, so the cook was able to light his galley fire once more and produoe hot coffee and cooked food, which had been strangers to us for days. Then as the weather got better and better we all of us began to enjoy the deck again, and te watch the carpenter and his mates repairing the shattered and riven bulwarks, the men up aloft bending fresh sails to replace those which the wind bad shed to ribbons or else carried bodily awav like great flattering white birds; and talking of birds, our attention was now caught and fascinated by the huge albatrosses that swept over the surface of the sea for miles •and miles without a single flutter of their enormous pinions, and the scores, and some times hundreds of little birds closely resemb ling pigeons, which sometimes floated like ducks all around the ship and aocompanied her on her course. For the albatrosses we used to fish, baiting a sharp'hook with a lump of pork and floating it with a 'Cork. Now and then the lure was EuooesBful, pork and hook were bolted together, and the united strength of half a dozen of us would succeed in hauling one of the great birds aboard. Their bodies were as big as the largest swans, and their wines when expanded . would sometimes measure as much as'flfteen feet from tip to tip. But the sailors no more liked this diversion of ours than did those who voyaged with the Ancient Mariner, and not a few of them deolared that evil would come of it before long. Allan Fraser took no part in this what he called "most cruel sport," and seemed to be lost in.an almost perpetual reverie. I thought to myself, whenever X caught him smiling, and with a far away look in his eyes, that he was ]>ondering upon what enjoyments he'd get out of the fifty thousand puunds that the stolen diamond would produce, and whenever this notion scourred to me I'm sorry to say I experienced a difficulty in curbing mental ejaculations that would have been highly im proper, for he no longer icorc his old turnip ■icatch. He had evidently secreted it some where, and as he always kept his cabin door ! locked, and doubtless the box or trunk which •contained it as well, all chance of my being able to get at it seemed to be past. I could think of nothing but my disappoint ment, that is to say for a considerable while. The weather was now tolerably fair for such a latitude, but both sky and sea continued grey, and the cold was intense, the deoks being sometimes covered with ice and the ropes and yards also. All that our captain cared veiy little concerning, but about the non-appear anoo for days and nights together of sun, moon, and stars he evidently did care a great deal, for without one or the other of them he oould not take observations with his sextant to discover where we exactly were, and so had to depend on.whatthey call dead reckoning, which is a veiy unsatisfactory method at the best, ! though Captain Miller thought himself a dab at it. Had he not done so he would assuredly not have -said to us so confidently and cheerily one ••Sunday after Church service in the saloon— " Weu, gentlemen, we shall change oceans during the day or night, and to-morrow morning at breakfast I shall be able to con gratulate you on being in the South Atlantic instead of the South Pacific." Hardly, how- ! ever,- had the words quitted his lips when there came a yell rather than a hail from the deck of —" Breakers on the port bow," followed after only a second's pause—'" Land on the port bow," in still shriller aocents. "Nonsense! A log bank and a school of whales. It can't be anything more!" exclaimed the captain, but for all that he looked like a man who had suddenly clapped eyes on a ghost, and he rushed towards the companion ladder in such a hurry that he sent Allan Fraser, who was inadvertently Btanding in the way, spinning aorosB the saloon. When he had disappeared we all stood staring at each other scarcely knowing what to think, and still less what to do, yet feeling vaguely that something terrible was at hand. Another minute or two and a sudden shock threw us in all directions; and as we lay strug gling on the floor of the saloon we heard a horrid crunching, rending sound, and knew instinctively that the ship was on the rooks. How we got on deck I can hardly tslL I know there was a struggle, each striving to be first. But there were only seven of us, so the crush was not a great one, and in a couple of minutes we all knew the worst, and in addition that much worse there could not be, for we were hard and fast aground, and at lesB than a quarter of a mile distance lay a blade beaoh upon which a tremendous sea was rolling, and black cliffs rising up therefrom in awful and rugged majesty almost to the very sky. "Good God, it's the Horn!" Captain Miller exclaimed as he passed close by us wringing his hands. " I've run too far north. I've made a slip between two oceans. We are all lost souls. We are all lost souls." He seemed to have loBt his head, and it was the first mate who called out from forward— "Lower away the boats. She's going to pieces already. There's a hole in her bows big enough for a wbale to come in at, and she's fixed as firm as the Rock o' Gibraltar. Lower away, and look slippery at it, lads." There was no need for this last piece of advice, for every one sprang to the davits, though there seemed small chance indeed of a ship's boat living in such a sea; but they were the straws at which drowning men clutch, and we all assisted at the lowering of them, all at least save Allan Fraser. He had gone below again, and I could easily guess what he had gone for. Not that I felt muoh interest at a crisis like the present either in the silver turnip watoh or in what I believed it to contain. Bear life was at stake, for the Promised Land was falling to pieces before the united force of wind and waves as a house built of cards falls to pieces before the breath of the ehild. Her planks were already starting in all directions, and her fore and main masts had fallen into the boiling sea. 