THE SOUTH SEAS. BY BOBERT LOUIS BTEVEXSOIf. / PAOT II— LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XYin. A PAUM0TUA1T FUNERAL. Ho, I had no guess ot these men's terrors. Tot I had received ere that a hint, if I had mdorstood. And the occasion was a rAncral. A little apart in the main avenue of totoava, in a low hut of leaves that opened ¥ii a small enclosure, like a pigsty on its ien, an old man dwelt solitary with his Jged wife. Perhaps they were loo old to jmgratc with the others ; perhaps they Wcic too poor, aud had no possessions to depute. At least they remained behind j it thus befell they were invited to my feast. t I dare say it was quite a pieee of politics in Iho pigsty whether to coine or not to coinc» P'jld the husband long swithered between curiosity aud age till curiosity conquered, and they came, and in the midst of that last morry-malung death tapped him on tiio shoulder. For some days, when the sky was bright and tho wind cool, his mat would be spread in the main highway of the village, and ho was to be seen lying there inert, a mere handful of man, his wife inertly seated by hut head. They seemed to have outgrown alike our needs and faculties ; they neither spoho nor listened ; they suffered us to pass Without a glance; the wife did not fan, she seemed not to attend upon her husband, and the two poor antiques sat juxtaposed under tho high canopy of pahns,the human tragedy reduced to its bare elements, a sight beyond patho.-j, Btirnng a thrill of curiosity. And yet there was one touch of the pathetic Haunted ine — that so much youth and ex pectation should have run in these starved veni9»nnd tho man should have squandered all ins lees of life uiicm a pleasure party. On the morning of September 17 the Buffercr died, and, time pressing, ho was buried tho same day at 4. The cemetery lios to seaward behind Government House, a dreary, small enclosure ; broken coral, like so much road metal, forms the surface; a few wooden crosses, a few inconsiderable upright stones, designate graves ; a mortared wall, high enough to lean on, rings it about; a clustering shrub sur rounds it with jkiIg leaves. Here was the grave dug that morning, doubtless by un easy diggers, to the sound of the high sea and . tho cries of sea birds. Meanwhile the dead mail waited m his house, and tho widow and another aged woman leaned on tho fence before the door, no speech upon their lips, uo speculation in their eyes. .Sharp at tho hour the procession was in march, tho coffin 'wrapped in white and carried by four bearers ; mourners behind — not many, for not many remained in Ro- toava, and not many in black, for these were poor ; tho men in straw lints, white coats aud blue trousers, or the gorgeous parti colored jiariu, LheTahitian kilt; the women, with a few exceptions, brightly habited. The presence of Mr. Donat and the while stran gers gavo a note more serious. Far in tho rear camo tho widow, painfully carrying the . dead man's mat, a creature aged, beyond hu manity, to the likeness of some missing link. The dead man had been a Mormon, but tho Mormon clergyman was gone with the lost to wrangle over boundaries in the adja cent isle, and a layman took his office. Standing at the head of tho open grave, in a wlnLo coat and pariu, his Tahitian Bible in lus hand and one eye bound with a red handkerchief, he read solemnly that chapter in Job which lias been read and heard over the bones of so many of our fathers, and With a good voice offered up two prayers. Tho .wind and the surf bore a burthen- By the cemetery gate a mother in crimson suckled an infant rolled in blue. Li the midst the widow sat upon the ground and polished one of the coffin stretchers with a piece of coral; a Utile later she had turned her back to the grave and was playing . wit n a leaf. Did she understand? God know a. Tho preacher paused a moment, 8too>cd and gathered and threw reverently -'-..on _ tho coiiin a handful of rattling coral- Dustto dust ; but the grains of this dust were gross like cherries, and the true dust that was to follow sat near by, still cohering (as by miracle) in the tragic semblance of a female ape. Tho eternal roar of the surf mocked the while at the whole transitory race ot the mourned and t-hc mourners. So far, Mormon or not, it was a Christian . funeral. The well-known passage had been read from Job, the prayers had been re hearsed, the grave was filled, the mourners straggled homeward. With a little coarser grain of covering earth, a little nearer outcry of the sen, a stronger gaze of sunlight on the rude cuelosuro, and some incongruous colors of attire, the wcll-rcmembcred form was re. produced. And by rights it should have been buried with its owner ; but tho family being poor, it was thriftily reserved for a fresh servioo- Xho widow should have Hung herself upon the grave and raised the voice of official grief, tho neighbors havo chimed in, and the narrow isle rung for a space with lamentation. But tho widow was old ; perhaps she had forgotten — perhaps never understood, and shopluycd like a child with leaves and ooffin- btretehors. In all ways my guest was buried with maimed rites. Strange to think that Ilia last conscious pleasure was tho Casco and my feast ; strange to think that he had limped thero, an old child, looking for some new good. And tho good thing, rest, had been :m allotted him. But though tho widow had neglected much, thero was one part she must not utterly neglect. She came away with the dissevering funeral; but tho dead man's mat was left behind upon tho grave, and I learned that by set of sun she must return to sleep there. This vigil is imperative- From sundown till tho rising of the morn ing star tho Paumotuau must hold his watch above tho ashes of his kindred. Many friends, if the dead has been a man of mark, will keep tho watchers company they will bo well supplied with coverings against tho weather. I believe they bring food and the rite is persevered in for two weeks. Our poor survivor, if, indeed, Bhe proporly survived, had little to cover, and few to sit with her ; on the night of the funeral a strong squall chased her from her place of watch ; for days tho weather hold uncertain and outrageous, and ere seven nights were up she lmd desisted and returned to sleep in her low roof. That she should be at tho pains of returning for so short a visit to a solitary house — that this borderer of tho grave should fear a little wind and a wet blanket — filled mo at the time with musings. I could not say she was indifferent ; she was so far beyond mo In experience that the court of my criticism Waived jurisdiction, but I forged excuses, telling myself she had perhaps little to lament, perhaps suffered much, )orhap3 understood nothing. And lo 1 in tlio whole affair thero was no question, whether of ten derness or-piety, and tho sturdy return of this old remnant was a mark either of un common senso or of uncommon fortitude. Yet one thing had occurred that partly Bet mo on tho trail. I have said the funeral passed much as at home. But wlicu nil was ovor, -when wc were trooping in decent silence from the graveyard gate and down tho path to the settlement, a sudden inbreak of a different spirit startled and perhaps dis mayed us. Two people walked not far apart in our procession, my friend, Mr. Donat— Donat- Rimarau, ' ( Dount the much-handed" — acting Vice-Resident, present ruler of tho archipelago, by far the man of chief impor- tanco on tho scene, but known besides for one of' an unshakable good tender, and a certain comely, strapping young Paumo tuau woman, the comcliest on the Isle — not (let us hopo) the bravest or tho most polite. Of a sudden, ere yet the grave silence of tho funeral was broken, alio made a leap at the » Resident, with i>oiutcd linger, shrieked a few words, and fell back again with laughter, not inatural mirth. 44 What did she say to you ?" I asked. 14 Shu did not speak to me," said Donat, a shade perturbed; 41 she spoke to tho ghost of the dead man." And the purport of ber Bpccch was this : " Rue here ! .Donat will be a fine feast for you to-night." 