THE LORD OF ST. 11UTH ; OB, A King in Bohemia. By Henby Herman. Author of ' Scarlet Fortune,' 'Between the Whiffs,' &c.;, &c.; Joint Author of ' The Bishops' Bible,' 'He Fell among Thieves,' ' One Traveller Re turns,' 'Wild Darrie,' 'The Silver King,' 'Claudian,' ' Chatterton,' ' A Singular Sense of Duty,' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. Wraylish is a drowsy village in the drowsiest part of drowsy South Devon coast. It nesttes among the red rock6 at the foot of a great cliff which encircles it on three sides. High up in the meadows above, about two miles from the village, a little bridge spans a brook which comes dancing along, singing its own music and humming its own peaceful tune, and the pellucid water ripples in petty excitement as the rural (structure confines it within, narrow limits. Thence it takes to frisking and bounding between the rushes and the willows, and finally, joined by another streamlet, it tumbles head over heels down the steep incline which leads to Wraylish, foaming and sput tering excitedly, and falls amid a mass of pearly spray into a pond at the foot of the cliff. Thence after driving the usual wheel of the usual pretty village mill, it proceeds calmly to the sea, with its scanty waters at low tide barely covering the stones of the wide track it has chosen. Tliere is no road which leads through Wraylish to anywhere in the wide wide world. You cau get to tlie place, but having arrived there you have to re turn from it to go anywhere else. No traveller by train or post-coach ever saw the place, or suspected that it ky hidden in that self-chosen nook. From the sea tlie little white-washed houses and the quaint little church with its diminutive belfiy could be seen glis tening aud twinkling iu the sunlight, but nobody who did not live in the place, or had actual business, ever thought of stopping a vessel, however small, to pay a visit there. The jJopulatiou of this fishing Arcadia was as drowsy as the place. That philosopher who said that 'he hated work, and }iated them as liked it,' found many disciples and imitators at Wraylish. The art of doing nothing for the longest possible time was culti voted by the villagers, fishermen mostly, as a primary virtue, aud, if one man brought it to greater perfec tion than another, it was Samson Aelderman, who, one blazing July afternoon, was lyimg on the pebbly beach of the Wray, as the little stream was called, between tlie rotting planks and the sun -scalded boats, with his cup over his eyes and his hands in his pockets. The little round stones hurt his back, but he was too lazy to rise and seek a more comfortable resting place. He was a handsome giant of the purest Saxon type, with clear blue eyes and a profile like the Hercules Farnese's, with short cropped hair and beard of un decided colour, varying between red and fair, with skeaks of reddish brown, mingling with the palor hues. Had a painter been desirous of a model for a Saxon warrior long of old, in Samson Aelderman he would have found one, magnificent and striking. Samson's feet were encased in hobnail boots worthy of their proportions, and it seemed strange that so lazy a man should give himself so heavy a weight to drag along 011 his daily journeys. A rough, dark-blue woollen shirt, a pair of trousers from which the original colour had faded long ago, and a bright crimson cotton neck kerchief completed his costume. Samson was lying tkere peacefully, drowsily, too lazy to be awake, too lazy to make an effort to go to sleep. No sound disturbed his enjoyment of his favourite occupation, and even the gurgling of the stream had become so monotonous as to appear no sound at all. On a sudden the grating of a pair of feet on the flints became audible to him, and he would have turned round with an interested annoyance at being thus ^disturbed had not the effort been too much trouble for him. The noise of the footsteps drew nearer, and stopped close to his ear. More than that, he felt himself poked in the ribs and pulled about in a most unceremonious and undignified fashion. ' Hey, hey ! Samson! Get thee up, man,' shouted the offender. ' Get thee up,' this with another fero cious poke and another distressful pull of the sleeve. ' Get thee up. There be a letter for thee.' If it had not been hard work to get into a passion, Samson would have been exceedingly annoyed. With out removing his hands from his pockets, he wriggled liis head a little for the purpose of shaking off the cap which covered Ids eyes, and after a small series of spasmodic jerks he succeeded in shifting it far enough to be able to blink at the intruder. ' Drat thee for a dullard,' he cried sleepily. ' What dost thou want to bother I for ? What do I want with a letter ? Can't read — can I ? ' ' That am' t noneo' my business,' replied theother, a lanky youth of twenty, with open sunburnt features, and a frame that promised great muscular development. ' Muster Spears he give I the letter, and he says as I wur to give it to you.' With that he threw me missive on the big man's chest. ' There it be,' he continued. ' Thee've got it now.' Samson yawned, and, finally taking his hands from his pockets, stretched out his arms, and raised himself slightly. ' Whom be it from, Reuben ? ' he asked. ' How do I know ? ' ' replied the young man. ' How be I to know?' ' Thou canst read. Thee'st beeu to school, hastu't ? ' asked Samson, in a tone of annoyance. ' Fve been to school right enough,' answered Reuben, ' but I can't read what's inside of a letter when it baint opened.' The remonstrance appeared reasonable to Samson. With a few little jerks he shook his cap over his eyes, and stretched himself out again fall length. 'Open it then,' he said, 'and tell me wliat's written in it.' Jfow the young man, although he admitted the im peachment of having been to school, was by no means a scholar. He could read the letters on we grocer's signboard fluently, but small print and ordinary cali graphy bothered him sorely. The envelope of the epistle lay torn at his feet, and seating himself on the rough stones with his arms . across liis knees, and, holding the paper nearly to his -eyes, he commenced to decipher the hieroglypMcs.of a lithographed heading and of a plain, bold, legal hand. The utter proved altogether too much for him, but * the printed characters were less refractory. As the minutes elapsed, and Master Beuben gave no sign, Samson made an effort and became impatient. ' What do it say, Reuben?' he asked. ' Who be it from ?' Reuben scratched his head, with a vague idea that he was about to communicate unpleasant informa tion. , ' Lawyers, I should say,' he replied. ' Lawyers ?' asked Samson, suddenly roused from his apathy. 'Lawyers? 'Wha'for? I ain't done nothin'l' . ' But they be lasers,' insisted Beuben, and he ! Fjielled out slowly ' ' ' Grainger and Hall, solicitors and attorneys at law, commissioners m chancery.' That be lawyers, baint they ?' he asked, with an air of defiance. ' Give I the letter,' exclaimed Samson. ' The last lawyers as wrote to me wanted twenty-one pound and sent me a summons, and very nigh put nie in gaol. I ain't goin' to read no lawyers' letters, and don't want to know what's in 'em.' With that he crumpled up the missive in liis huge fist and put it into his pocket. ' Don't you tell 'em as you give it to me,' be said, with an imperative nod of the head, ' or I'll break every bone in thy body.' ' But if they asks me ?' inquired the youth in a faint tone of indecisiveness and appeal. ' Say as you lost 'un, as you dropped 'uu in the sea, as you swallowed 'un ; anything you likes. But if you don't want that big head o' thine broke, don't you say as you give it to me.' And Master Samson felt so pleased at the delivery of that peroration that he smiled placidly, and, with a long effort, rose to a sitting position. 'Now, don't you bother I any more,' he continued ; ' and you go and tell Mary as I ain't hungry, and shan't be home to dinner.' With that, the labour of remaining seated for at least half a minute having fatigued him, he slid back, and, curling himself up in the shadow of a boat, dis posed himself to sleep. Beuben staved at him with a vacant grin for a moment or two, and then marched off, treading carefully among the grating pebbles, so as not to disturb Samson more than he could help. He passed a score of trim and neat cottages in front of which children played and women sat knitting aud sewing. A little further on there was a more open space, at the back of which Samson, as mine host of the George and Dragon, offered food and refreshment for man and beast. Acurious, old- fashioned place, this George and Dragon, built of rubble and red stone, with great black oak beams intersecting the walls, and quite a curtain of Traveller's Joy and Virginia creeper covering a large portion of the exterior. The pretty porch was smothered with it, and the long tendrils drooped over the diamond-pane windows, whilst a mass of soft green had climbed on to the roof, and shot out from it in hundreds upon hundreds of curved spikes. The signboard of the inn was quite a wonder in itself. It was the work of a patriotic painter who exercised his calling during the latter portion of the Napoleonic wars. The good King George III., in a gold-embroidered red coat, with a three- cornered hat, and pigtail, bestrode, as St. George, a fiery steed, which the painter might have intended to be white, but which looked more like a mixture of yellow and grey spots. The head of the Little Corporal, with the famous hat aud a commencement of the green, gold-epauletted uniform, andspitting volumes of flame and smoke, surmounted the body of a dragon, that writhed, wounded and bleeding, at St. George's feet. It was quite an epic of patriotism, and as such deserved to live in the memory. Reuben shambled up to the porch of the inn and called out ' Mary ! ' A bright, youthful, female voice answered with a cheery ' HMo,' and the moment afterwards a round, pretty, girlish face appeared at the porch. The owner of the pretty face shook a wealth of sunny hair, and with a ' Oh, it is thee, Reuben,' greeted the young * man heartily. She was a buxom lass of seventeen, with the fairest of Bkins beneath her freckles ; tall and straight, with her graceful figure untrammelled by a corset. A duchess might have envied the dainti ness of her hands, brown and sun-stained as they were, and her feet were tiny mites, more like a child's than a grown girl's. There was a natural charm about her which spoke from her deep blue eyes, from her dimpled cheek, from the voluptuous lips between which her teeth sparkled ivory-white, from every movement of the rounded limbs. She was dressed in the coarsest of thick blue cotton frocks, with an apron of a similar material, but the garment looked - more like a disguise than like her proper apparel. ' Thy faather says,' said Reuben, leaning with one arm against the porch, ' that he won't come home to dinner. Do you know,' he added, volunteering further information, 'that it strikes me as he's too lazy to feel hungry.' For all reply Miss Mary skipped back into the inn parlour, and, a few seconds afterwards, Reuben saw her flying towards him, broom in hand. ' I'll give thee what,' exclaimed the irate young lady, 'for saying foul words of faather. He's a better man than thee'l be; and when he was a young man he worked hard ; that's more than thee does.' With that the broom came flying out of the porch ; but Master Reuben, beating a hasty retreat, dodged the missile by a sidewav jump, and, picking it up, swung it across his shoulder. ' I mean no harm,' he said, with a grin that showed that he 'was not at all offended with the thrower of the broom; 'all folks know what thy faather is, and thee knows it just as well as they.' The young lady came tearing down the steps of the porch, and Reuben, thinking discretion tie better part of valour, dropped the broom and ran away as fast as his lanky legs could carry him, to the great amuse ment of two urchins who had been silent witnesses of the 6cene. ' ' Come back,' shouted Miss Aelderman. ' Come back, you lubbermg lout.' But Reuben was evidently inspired by 110 wish to face the broom, which was again in Miss Mary's hands, and walked away, look ing back from time to time with the broadest of grins. He had not proceeded more than forty or fifty yards in that way when he found himself face to face with a stranger in seafaring garb, who was leisurely sauntering down the village street. A rather short, broad- shouldered fellow, with a round, black -bearded face and dark eyes, which gave him more the ap pearance of a foreigner than of an Englishman. He smiled good- humouredly and nodded his head at Reuben, and his breezy ' Good day to you ' proved that there was certainly nothing foreign in his dialect. Strangers werfe few and far between at Wraylish, and Reuben responded to the seafarer's greeting with equal heartiness. ' Can you tell me,' asked the man, 'where I can find Samson Aelderman ?' Reuben's sense of curiosity overcame his discretion, and he risked running the gauntlet of tliat broomstick to satisfy his inquisitivoness. 'Fll show you where he is,' he replied; 'I left 'un just a few minutes back.' ' Thank you. Thank you kindly,' replied the 6ailor. ' If you'll be so good, it may save me a lot of trouble.' There was a curious twinkle in his eye and a soil of self -satisfied grin playing about his mouth which was more akin to a cruel than to a well-meaning pleasure. J'iist for one second he looked like a man whom one would rather not have met alone in the dark. The good-humoured, benevolent expression died out of his face, and a very devil sat there. But it all changed again in a flash, and his eyes sparkled good-temperedly as before. Reuben walked back with him towards Hie place ' where he had left Samson. Arrived opposite the inn, - he kept a sharp look-out on Miss Maiy, who had witnessed his meeting with the stranger, end was still standing, broomstick in hand, beneath the porch. The young lady, however, evinced no disposition for a further' attack, and allowed the two men to pass in an observant silence, the stranger nodding his head to her pleasantly. The stones on the river bank were steaming with tlie July heat, and Samson lay snoring in the shim mering blaze, having again rolled on to his back out of the shade in which he had ensconced himself. ''That's Samson Aelderman,' said Reuben, indi cating the man. The sailor stood there with his legs wide apart, and his hands in his po kets, and his ex pression changed again to a scowl. For a moment it was so bitter and gave him such a hangdog look 'that Reuben was nearly frightened at it, and felt sorry that he had brought him so far ; but the man, breathing a deep sigh, stooped over the prostrate sleeper, and shook hun lightly by the shoulder. Samson ceased in his snoring and growled audibly, but beyond an annoyed shrug he made no move. The stranger shook him again, a little more roughly than before, and Samson, with a growl, sat bolt up right, rubbing hi6 eyes. ' Come, wake up, Samson,' said the man. ' I want to speak to you.' At the souud of the voice Aelderman started and looked up, and his face became ashen underneath the tun of his skin. ' It is tbee,''he murmured hoarsely. 'Great God, it is thee 1' ' Yes, it is I,' replied the other. ' I, and nobody else. Send that lad away ; I want to speak to you.' CHAPTER n. When Reuben came back to the inn after his intro duction of the stranger to Samson and his subsequent dismissal from the scene, Miss Maiy was still standing at the porch smiling her brightest. The rough ana ready weapon was, however, still in her hand, and Reuben, who had on previous occasions become acquainted with Miss Mary's practised use of the in strument, made a wide circuit to keep out of range. 'What be the matter, Beuben?' cried the young lady. 'Come! I baint going to hurt thee.' She threw the dreaded weapon into the inn parlour, and beckoned with her finger. 'Come!' she exclaimed, wreathing herself in her most bewitching smiles. The young man had been long accustomed to this kind of warfare, where dimpled charms and hard wood were used with equal frequency. He had learned to mistrust, the one and to avoid the other. Miss Mary's temper was sweet and short. She was a powder cask in petticoats that would explode at the slightest pro vocation. Reuben's approach was, therefore, slow and waiy and as circular as his previous passage of the house had beeu. Having satisfied himself at last, by ocular demonstration, that the broomstick was lying quite out of immediate reach of the girl's hand, he advanced to the porch, and, planting one big foot on the lower step, looked with a good- humoured grin into Mary's sparkling eyes. ' Hey V' he asked undecidedly. ' And what dost thou want from IV' Hie young lady for all answer tossed her golden halo in the direction where she could see her father walking along the beach with the stranger. ' Who be it ?' she asked. ' Dumio.' ' What do he want with faather ?' ' Dunno.' 'Thy ears be long enough— why don't thee use them?' 'My ears be no longer than thine, Mary. Thy faather told I to go away.' The assault direct having failed to prove successful aud to elicit the desired information, Miss Mary, her woman's ciuiosity once aroused, bethought herself of her more dangerous weapons of female contest. Her blue eyes brightened, her whole face dimpled, her tiny fingers came tapping softly over Reuben's cheek, and her red lips pouted until her whole face became such a magic web of charms that the most iron hearted, blase cynic would have melted before it like snow before the flame. Aud all that heavy artillery for so small a matter. 'Come in,' she said. 'Thee bee'st thirsty, I know ; I'll draw thee a mug o' cider.' Whether it was Miss Mary's charming face that persuaded Reuben, or the promised cooling drink, this deponent sayeth not. Suffice it that that the young man with the caution due to the circumstances, and iu his most slouching gait, walked into the inn parlour and seated himself on the high-backed oaken bench which stood on one side of the huge fireplace. ' Good day to you, Mrs. Aelderman,' he said, pulling off his cap to a delicate, pale-faced, white haired lady who sat in a great leather-covered Crom wellian armchair opposite to where he had planted himself. The white-haired lady, with her finely chiselled, aristocratic face strangely out of harmony with her rough surroundings, greeted him softly in return. Such a face one might liave pictured at tlie head of a table in some feudal castle. Such white, delicate hands Angelica Kauffniau might have paiuted, and Bartolozzi engraved, running over some quaint, ro coco spinet. The dreamy eyes had lost their sparkle, the handsome face its roundness, and a soft sadness brooded over it all. And this was Samson Aelder man's wife. One night, some twenty years ago, Mildred St. Ruth had left the home of her ancestors, which reared its cloistered head on the cliff above. Her senile and doddering father had married a middle-aged and in triguing woman, who looked upon the first wife's only child as a dangerous impediment to her own prospects. She went to work deliberately and mali ciously to make life in the Abbey impossible to the delicate, sensitive girl ; while the old squire looked on helplessly and apathetically. -At last the merciless tauuts aud bitter jibes with which her daily bread was spiced drove the girl away, out among strangers. That handsome fisherboy loved her in his slow and homely fashion, and his birth, in its way, was no less - proud than her own. The Aeldermans had lived as franklins on that very spot iu the days before Hastings, aud the Abbey of St. Ruth was built on land which had once been theirs. Thus, Mildred St. Ruth, turning from dull despair to humble love, had become Mildred Aelderman, and had lived at the inn with her rough rustic husband aud child. Then old Squire St. Ruth had died, leaving his child penniless, and bequeathing lands and substance to his scheming widow, who sold the Abbey to strangers. But some obscure point of law revenged the wrongs of the poor girl. The estate was thrown into Chanceiy, and there it remained. The scheming widow had died hi her turn, and the Abbey had been allowed to fill into ruins. Mildred had to see the solid walls decay, and totter, and fall, and to know that bats and owls nested in the tapestried chambers. And her face had become paler and thinner, with the knowledge of it, and her. hair had turned white long before the ap pointed time. Mrs. Aelderman had been au invalid for years, and her gentle and necessarily intermittent teaching had succumbed to the yokel habits of the father, who allowed Maiy to run about the village with children of her own age. The girl adopted the rough manners and dialect of her companions, and the ideas of right and wrong were framed from what fell from the hps of village cronies rather than from those of her mother. The girl brought the mug of cider, and the lad quaffed it at one draught. ' There be a stranger with faather,' she said, ostensibly to her mother, but looking fixedly at Reuben. ' A stranger ? ' said the white-haired lady unin terestedly. ? ' Yes. A dark stranger,' continued Mary, ' Reuben took him to faather.' ' Most likely he has business with your father, clnld,' said Mrs. Aelderman in the same' listless tone as before. ' We so seldom see strangers here. If it were not for that you would not have noticed it.' ' He looked like a sailor, mother,' persisted Miss Curiosity, hoping to draw from her mother an order to Reuben to ascertain who the stranger might be. ' Well, well, child,' exclaimed Mrs. Aeldennan, a Jittle peevishly. 'A sailor! That's not unusual, is it?' ' He looked like a foreign sailor,' insisted Miss Mary. ' He wur quite dark, and he looked exactly like them fellows as was wrecked on the rocks last winter.' The old lady shook her head slowly. ' You weary me, child,' die said, ' and I am not very well to-day. Your father will be home pre sently, and I have no doubt the stranger will return with him. They will not be long away in any case, for there is a stonn coming on. I can feel it.' The girl and Reuben rushed to the door at these words, and proved that Mrs. Aelderman had spoken truly. Far out at sea, on the horizon line, great clouds were pushing up in black, rolling masses, swelling ami growing every second, aud wiping out tlie blue of tlie skies as with an inly smear. Scudding before them came quite a troop of dark grey skirmishers, aud tin; sea, which was glassy and smooth by the shore, and of a transparent green, turned a brownish grey farther out. Its billows crested themselves in white, and the fishing boats reefed sails aud turned towards lumh Blacker and blacker, and denser and denser, the stonn v battalions pushed on, whilst above the cliff everything looked serene and tranquil as before. The fierce J ul v heat was already tempered by the breath of the wind, and the rustling of the leaves and the sough of ili-' trees were as yet more musical than threatening. Bit by bit the grey clouds sponged out the fail- skies, and the quaking ashes and the willows by the beach hem before the coming wind. Out yonder the waves danced more angrily and dashed themselves into while foam against the red rocks, whilst around the Turk's Head, which stood as a solitary sentinel about a hun dred yards from the cliff, they leaped and swept in pearly flood. The storm was coming on apace, and the first few drops sputtered in the dust of the road. The sky beyond shore was inky, and a dull watery curtain wiped out horizon aud sea. A vivid flash of lightning forked itself pink against the leaden firmament, and the first clap of thunder growled in the distance. 1) was followed by another, and yet another, and a wall of swishing lain raced from across the billows ou 1-- laud. The deep dust of the road rose iu tiny clouds uuder the heavy drops, and then lay swamped by tin stronger elemeut. Trees, foliage, and herbage all about assumed a bluish tint, aud as far as tlie eve could reach the scene was wrapped in a foam of pelt ing rain, whilst the lightning quivered fiercely, an the thunder rolled furiously. Just then two figures on horseback, a mau and a woman, appeared on the edge of the cliff, aud rami: flying down the steep road to the village as fast as then steeds could carry them. Miss Mary found new employment for her sovereign quality of curiositv wheu, arrived in frout of the inn, they leaped from their saddles, and the man 6houted to those within tu take charge of their horses. Martin, the ostler and man of all work at the George and the Dra go ij. a nondescript of uncertain age who looked decidedly more fishy than horsy, had watched the new arrival's iu their rapid descent, and shuffled from his stable corner into the road, holding his shoulders high as if thereby he could more easily defeat the attack of the rain. He took the reins of the horses with a grunt, and, without waiting for instructions, slouched away with them. The lady had already rushed into the shelter of the inu parlour, and stool 1 there shaking the drops from her hat and her habit : aud the gentleman followed her thither. ' Well, I never !' exclaimed the man as he dashed into the room aud swung his hat up and down to re move the water which covered it. ' A storm makes a beautiful picture at a distance, and it was worth while coming a long way to see that triple flash of lightning, but with all defereuce to your meteorologiea 1 enthusiasm, Miss Hayle, I propose that we witness the next atmospheric disturbance from- within doors.' Miss Hayle was beating her habit with her riding whip and shaking that garment unmindful of the display she made of a dainty riding boot in so doing. She was a pretty woman, with grey eyes, that at one moment looked 'demurely, and the next twinkled nn's chievously ; a round face, with thin, delicate hps— a face one would have expected to see rather in a Dublin than in a London ball-room. Her figure, set off by a. well cut habit, was as nearly perfect as her tailor could make it. ' Surely you are not sorry you saw the storm, Mr. Eynsford,' she said, looking up at him with a capti vating smile, ' you, au artist and a poet.' ' I am not so very sorry now that I am in shelter,'' replied Mr. Eynsford, ' but I did uot feel at all en thusiastic about it a little while ago. I never could see anytliing attractive in a pelting rain either in a picture or in actuality, and what poet was ever known to write a verse to a thorough good downpour.' Miss Hayle had stepped to the diamoiid-panrd window, aud was looking out upon tlie dripping land scape which the rain shrouded as with a greyish opal veil. She beckoned Mr. Eynsford to come to her, am! leaning one gloved hand confidentially upon his arm, she whispered : ' Did you notice that lady with the white' hair and the beautiful face in the anncliair ? That's tlie lovely Miss St. Ruth, who married the fisliermau who keeps this inn ; Ma knows her well.' ' I did notice her,' replied Mr. Eynsford. in the same undertone. 'What a gorgeous face! What a model for St. Elizabeth! But since we are on the subject of pretty faces did you notice tliat miscluevous, bright-eyed minx in the corner, who was pulling that lad's ears ? I will willingly pay her half a guinea for every hour she will sit to me.' 'Ah, ah, traitor,' exclaimed the lady softly, lift ing a small threatening forefinger. 'That expansive heart of yours can find admiration for such varied female loveliness. And what would you pay nie,' she said, drawing closer to him and nestling one shoulder against his, whilst her grey eyes sparkled at him, — ' what would you pay me if I were to sit for you ?' '\our services, Miss Hayle,' he replied with a courtierly bow, 'would be priceless. I am not rich enough to be able to pay them at their full value.' ' A. pretty compliment,' she answered with a pe.il of mocking laughter. 'A pretty compliment. It would be prettier if it were really meant.' 'Miss Hayle!' exclaimed Eynsford in a tone of remonstrating appeal. ' How unkind !' Miss Mary in the meantime had drawn near to the strangers, and whether from a desire to make herself useful to them and to enquire into their possible wants, or from a wish to hear their conversation, she had fidgeted about so demonstratively that Eynsford turned round suddenly and asked : ' Well, my pretty one, and what do you want ?' Mary blushed crimson and -made a futile effort to tie oue corner of her apron into a knot. She knew perfectly well that she was pretty, but she could not remember having been told of it in so pleasing a manner. 'I don't want nothing, sir,' she stammered, 'I ouly thought ? ,' here the blue eyes drooped aud the corner of the apron stood in great danger, of being torn — ' I only thought as maybe— perhaps — you and the lady might want to order something.' As she looked up at Eynsford whilst her fingers twiddled her apron corner, there was such a childish innocent twinkle in her big eyes that- the man about town for the moment forgot the lady by liis side, and fairly stared at that ram avis of modem civilization — a child of nature. Miss Hayle, after lookiiig from her companion to the girl and from the girl to Eynsford, put au end to the Curious situation by a laugh which did not quite conceal a tinge of annoyance. ' You may bring us some tea, my'dear,' she said, ' not too strong. And Mr. Eynsford,' she continue'!, turning to the latter, ' it is too bad to cheat the child in(this way. You have been ga zing at her at least two minutes. At tlie rate of half a guinea an hour you owe her about fourpence — don't forget that when you come to settle our bill. The rain did not cease for an instant; on tlie con trary, the clouds seemed to become thicker and more uniform. As far as the eye could reach the air was filled with moisture, the h'ghtning flashed aud the thunder rolled as furiously as ever, and little toiTent s of rain water were rushing down the road from the cliff towards the beach. ' This picture of a storm on the Devonshire coast.' said Miss Hayle, as she was pouring out the tea which Maiy had brought from the kitchen, is very interest - ing.' but, Mr. Eynsford, would you rack vour fertile brain and tell me how we are to get Tiack tfrXuskei s leigb, for there is no 6ign of an improvement in the weather, and Mamma will be extremely anxious.' Mr. Eynsford rubbed his ear in a non-plussed manner. ' I know they have do conveyance in this place,' he said, ' that we could obtain, beyond an open cart, aud our horses would be preferable to that. We might borrow a couple of rugs or spnie sail sheets, and so venture back.' 1 ' I dare not risk it, ' ' replied Miss Hayle. ' ' I caught a bad cold last winter, and have barely recovered from its effects. If 1 got wet through it might have a dangerous effect upon me.' ' In that case,' said Eynsford, there is nothing left but to stay here, and to send a messenger to Luskers leigh to inform j-our mother of our whereabouts, and to ask her to send a covered conveyance. I suppose we can get that lad to jump ou my horse and ride to the Manor. The rain won't hurt him.' Reuben was fetched. He undertook to carry the message, but he was stubborn in the matter of pay ment. ' I'll do it,' he said, ' to oblige the lady — but any body might go to Jericho afore I'd do it for money.' And he tossed back to Eynsford the halfcrown which that gentleman had put on the table. Mary placing herself at the window watched Reuben ashebrought out the horse and, aftermountingit, rode with head low down up the steep path. She saw him disappear over the top of the cliff, and, left to herself, thought that Reuben was not such a bad fellow after all, and she liffe® the spirit with which he had refused the stranger's half crown. ' He is not bad looking,' she said to herself, ' aud he likes me I am sure, anoqlhaltdogtease him so.' And her glance slid round to where Eynsford sat in converse with that ' quality lady,' and she could not help confessing to herself that he was handsomer than Reuben. Not only handsomer, but there was some thing fascinating about him, something altogether different from Reuben. What a pleasant thrill it liad given her when he had called her ' my pretty one.' She could not even imagine the fisher lad saying those words, and yet she knew that Reuben knew she was pretty. What a nice, pleasant, soft voice the stranger had, and what an attraction there was in his eyes. She was 6orry he was not a fisherman like Reuben, for then she might have gone up to him and smacked him on the back, and teased him as she did all the rest of the men. Her finger tips tingled at the thought. She cast a sheepish glance at the pair who were sip ping their tea, and the blood mantled to her cheeks as she pictured to herself her hand coming down with all its tiny strength upon the gentleman's shoulder. Per contra, it must be confessed that Mr. Eynsford, poet and painter, and accustomed as such to most varieties of female loveliness, was far from being un interested in the pretty child whose deep blue eyes liaunted liim when she was out of sight, and made his blood course just a trifle faster when they looked at him. She was merely a child, of course, and the satisfaction he felt iu beholding her was only that of an artist, hut of au artist who has discovered an un usually attractive model. What a picture Frederick Leightou would make of that face. And then that charming graceful figure, untrammelled and uncon fiiied by the torture irons of fashion. That rounded swing of the arm ! If she were arrayed in the gos samer glory of an evening dress ! His artist fancy pencilled her immediately — in pure white with a sash of delicate sea-green, more a tint than a colour, aud just one rose in that lovely hair of hers. What a sensation she would make in a ballroom ! Then he suddenly remembered that he had been silent for some minutes, and stammered ail excuse to Miss Hayle. She was handsome, too, and she was a lady, and he was nearly engaged to marry her. A lady! What was there in that child that made her less a lady than Ethel Hayle, but her coarse blue frock and her country dialect, to outward appearance, at any rate. Then he laughed at himself. It was all so romantic and so silly, and what an ass he was making of him self to think of it. He could not help thinking of it nevertheless, and as he stole a glance towards Mary her eyes met his. Neither could tell what there was iu the other's look, but both felt as if they had been guilty of some meanness, and the man was no less confused than the girl. CHAPTER in. About a mile to the west of Wraylish a headland ruus out to the sea, sheer and steep^ aud at its base quite a colony of red rocks rise to divers heights from their foundations in the water. Rough, cavernous shelves streak the surface of the cliff, and along these human ingenuity has cut a path leading to the table land above. By that perilous way an intrepid traveller might reach the ruined Abbiey of St. Ruth and the village of the same name, fully au hour and a half earlier than if he had made the circuit along the usual road. At the bottom of that cliff, among the shell-covered rocks, the children often played when the tide was low and the weather fair, gathering mussels aud periwinkles, and all the petty harvest so dear to their small fancies. And with the sun glisten ing on the placid waters, with a blue sky overhead and with showers of greenery, of hanging grasses and graceful fems drooping from a hundred nooks and sprouting from a hundred crevices over the rich, warm-coloured stone, the scene was one essentially fragrant with peace. But when the tide was high aud the winds roared', when the devilry of the waves had loosened its fury, aud the blackish green waters churned themselves into a white foam against the red rocks which impeded their headlong swing — when mountains of spray surged furiously against the cliff, as if they would drag it bit by bit from the heart of the earth, hungry to euguljjh it — when the grey -skies growled with their thunders and the red lightning showed to affrighted man the cavernous grave at me bottom of the waters which gasped to receive him — wheu gaunt death seemed to grin from every foam-crested billow . and to stretch out bony fingers for intended victims — then the place was a very hell of waters, and well de served its appellation of the Devil's Rocks. Samson Aelderman was crouching in the recess of a small cavern some twenty yards from the base of the cliff along the path to the Abbey of St. Ruth. Evening was drawing close and the storm had not abated one j ot. The rain was less dense, but the wind still howled, and the lightning flashed amid the deep growls .of the distant thunders and the crashes of the nearer ones. Over the Turk's Head, out at sea, over the rocks at the foot of the cliff, and against the face of the cliff itself the waves surged unceasingly. Samson cowered in his little shelter, which was dripping with the spray that flew past it to the heights , of many yards, as if it would lick that solitaiy human being from the earth which protected him; and sweep him into the churn ing mass below. Again and again, in white pearling seething fury, the mountain of foam dashed and flew past the sheltering niche, splashing and spluttering, and drenching Samson to the skiu. But he sat on his haunches, with his arms drawn across his knees, list less, unmurmuring, silent. He was cold into numb, and his eyes were wide open, staring out in the dim, grey light. He heeded neither the columns of surg ing spray, nor the onslaught of the waves, nor the forks and flashes of lightning and their accompanying thunders. He might have been an image of stone carved out of the rock against which he leant. _ At last his lips moved, and an unwilling, whispering voice gave utterance to his thoughts. 'I didn't do it,' he muttered with unchanged, stony countenance. 'I didn't.' Each sentence ?sounded like a snap, like a thought forced from his mind and thrown out like a Iwlt from n catapult. ' I didn't do it.' he repeated. 'Who fays I did? Who can say 1 did ?' His bps moved in a half -triad chuckle, and a gurgling sound, like a suppressed impish laughter, rose to his throat. The moment afterwards he looked with frightened eyes around the cavern as though he dreaded tlie presence of somebody who might ha ve seen or overheard him. 'I didn't do it,' he babbled, 'I didn't do it. I didn't.' Then suddenly, as if a new train of thoughts were welling from his mind, his features changed and a look of hardened despair and defiance sat impressed upon them. His teeth rattled, and hip bosom heaved, and a minute or two elapsed before he seemed to be master of the power of speech. 'And if I did,' he muttered, 'what then? What if I did !' With this he leant against the rocky wall at his back. 'I did it for the sake o' my wife aud child, didn't I? Poor Maiy! Poor Mildred!' he added, ' I didn't care a bit. I did it for their sake. But who says I did it:' he exclaimed nearly with the same breath, 4 'Who seed me do it? Who? I don't know nothing about it. Why should I ? Who says I ought ? It baint my fault if he wanted to walk to St. Ruth by the cliff. And it baint my busi ness to go along o' hhn, and to know what's happened to he.'' With this self-assurance he tossed his head defiantly and pulled himself up straight, and then bent forward to examine the slippery path which, outside the shel tering cave, was still washed by the ocean of foam. For a distance of full ten yards on either side of him the waves rose in churned milky masses regularly about every twenty seconds. One long swish upwarcl and past him and then down again, down to the black gulf at his feet. With a mariner's instinct, and with the cool judgment of experience, he calculated his distance as one great wave of spray seceded to the rocks below, and he dashed out past the reach of the watery onslaught. The rocky path was slimy and slippery, and the dripping weeds growing there afforded but a very unsafe foothold. There was more than one wave-washed spot that had to be passed before he could find himself on Wraylish beach and in safety. Every now and then the foaming crest of a breaker would reach him aud dash him against the face of the cliff, and he would be compelled to cling to weeds and hushes to retain a desperate footing. Perseverance, and knowledge of the place, enabled him at last to pass the corner where the headland turned landward, and left the waters to spend their weakened fury on the softly resisting sands. When Samson reached the beach he had still to wade for a quarter of a mile knee deep in the rolling breakers. Gradually, however, he gained higher ground, and dragged himself mournfully along, his great boots sinking at each step into the storm-soaked sand. The rain had ceased by that time, but the wind was still blowing a hurricane, and was whist ling about his ears in weird melody. With slow shuffling step, walking with his legs wide apart, with his hands behind his back, and his eyes on the ground, Samson made for Wraylish. A figbing boat has been drawn up high out of reach of the raging waters, and lay with its broadside to the sea, and its keel to the foot of the wind. On its leeside the broad hulk had afforded a solid protection agarnst the rain and a space, some three yards wide, along its whole length was comparatively dry. Sam son dragged himself to the spot, and slid more than lay himself down behind the boat. The recumbent position brought a feeling of pleasure to his numbed limbs, and. had his thoughts not prevented him, he would have fallen asleep there and then, -»Id and wet as he was. He fancied that he was back again on the face of that cliff, along the dangerous, stormy path. Some thing that appeared to his mind's eye made him writhe, aud lie drew his shoulders up high and uttered a faint shriek of fear. Then he sat bolt upright and rubbed his eyes lazily, and pulled his ear. ' What did he want to come back for ?' he mut tered to himself . ' What's he got to do with I ? He shouldn't ha' threatened. I never did no harm to he. It baint my fault.' With that he lay himself down again, muttering and babbling to himself. He had barely closed his eyes, however, when he felt himself roughly shaken by the arm, aud a man in the garb of a gentleman, Eynsford in fact, loomed in the twilight before him. 'Eh! Get up!' cried Eynsford, tugging at him. ' I suppose you are Samson Aelderman ? Get up ! What an idea to He out here on the wet sands.' Samson jumped up in a fright. Who was the man ? How long had he been there ? What had he seen ? What had he heard? He stood staring and mum - bliug, aud pulling at his cap with shaking fingers. His wits returned to liim, however, and he rubbed his eyes as if he had beeu asleep. 'I'm Samson Aelderman all right enough,' he said : ' and who may you be, sir ; and what may you want?' ' Oh,' replied Eynsford, ' you can speak, can you ? I thought for a moment you were a log. I am staying at your house, and, as your wife was very anxious about your being out in this fearful weather, your man Martin and I have come to look for you. There he is. You can see his lantern down by those boats by the water's edge. Come along home. What a silly you must be to lie down in your wet clothes.' Samson felt far from reassured, and, after whistling to his man, trudged 6lowly up to the village road. None of the three spoke a word during their walk. Aelderman was glad not to be questioned, aud Eyns ford had thoughts of his own to occupy his mind. The fact was that, whilst the hurricane was howl ing out of doors, a small storm in a teacup had dis turbed the otherwise serene atmosphere of the George and Dragon. The afternoon had advanced and evening had turned to twilight without a sign of Reuben, and it had become evident that some un-. fortunate accident had prevented his return. Miss Hayle was in an atrocious temper, and made Eyns ford aware of the difficulty of pleasing fickle woman. His best chosen phrases, his most conciliatory speeches, seemed only to irritate her. She had, at the begin ning, looked upon the mishap as a sort of not too dis agreeable adventure, but as time wore on she con sidered, in no mood of satisfaction, the prospect of having to pass the night at Wraylish. Her Know ledge of the world warned her that all sorts of un charitable rumours would take wing if ever it came to strange ears that she had been alone with Eynsford for a whole evening at a fishing village. Besides that, she found the close proximity of some fishermen, who were bashfully sipping their mugs of cider in a corner of the inn panour, by no means agreeable, and there fore acccpted with eagerness Mrs. Aeldermau's offer of her daughter's room. She bounced out aud upstairs like a tragedy queen, looking daggers at her innocent companion in misfortune, as if ~he could or ought to liave extricated her from this embarrassing position. Then she sat herself down by the little curtained window, watching the drops as they beat fitfully against the panes, and drawing grotesque, imaginary figures upon the window-sill. Eynsford, ransacking his wits for an explanation of Miss Hayle's bad humour, came very near butting the right nail on the head ; but, with the perversity which the fair sex not too unjustly lay to the charge of the more uncouth portion of humanity, he jumped at a conclusion which first amused and then nettled him. When the offended beauty had disappeared beyond ? the short flight of steps which led to the precincts above, the artist lit a cigar, aud passed his time iu blowing out little rings of blue smoke. On a sudden he jumped up and burst into a ringing laugh, which made Mary, who was sitting demurely at the further side of the parlour, cock her little ears in wonder ment. ' Begad, I've got it,' he exclaimed to himself. ' She is jealous. She is absolutely jealous,' and he laughed again aloud. ' She is jealous because I said pretty things about that fair-haired minx in the corner.' His glance travelled to the nook where the rustic beauty had ensconced herself, keeping a waiy eye upon the stranger across a complacent show of pretended knitting. 'She is pretty,' he vowed. ' Deucedly pretty. I wish I had her in my studio in London ; I'd make them stare at the next Academy. If it were not getting so dark, I would make a sketch of her on the spot.' Mary's blue eyes flashed at him saucily across the room, .and tne hazy twilight played with the fringes of her golden hair and surrounded it as with a halo. The pretty, luscious lips stood out clearly marked against the creamy, greyish white of the panes, and he confessed to himself that he would have given his finger- tips to have her inspire him in his work of art. What pictures he could make of her — now a bewitching shepherdess, then a dreamily, graceful, gossamer- clad fairy, or a saucily girlish enchantress. ' Oh, bother it all,' he exclaimed at last to liimself fretfully. ' Am I going to allow a child to haunt me ? Am I going to fall in love in with a baby ?' ' So he lit his cigar and strolled out into the road, setting his face to the blowing wind, aud hoping that the fresh air would brush the frail imagery from hi mind. Just then Martin, Bent by Mrs. Aelderman to look for her missing husband, came slouching from tho stable, lantern in band, surly, grumbling and growl ing at being fetched from his dry corner and sent out into the rain. Eynsford's offer of a pipe of tobacco pacifiud liim a little, and he stood looking on with puzzled oyrs as the artist broke up one of his cigars and rubbed it. into small fragments between his hands. Martin'* short clay, blade with age and use, could not contain one-half the proffered luxury, and he poked the r e mainder greedily into his trousers pocket, to rust there in company with two keys, a jack- knife, a ha If -eaten apple, a piece of cobbler's wax, a few matchcs, and a greasy paper containing some bits of cheese. F riendly relations being thus established, the two set out sea ward to search for the absent Samson. When the mission had proved successful and they wcru tramping back to tho George and Urugoij in i moody silence, a mud freak of :iu idea, crossed Eyns j ford's uiind. What if he were to set to work to taiun j this ferocious rustic beauty ' What if ho were to try | to civilise and educate her ! With his vivid poetic i imagination he instantly drew a picture of Mary I habited in a gown of soft aisthetic hues, aud made or j some delicately clinging material, sipping tea from a : dainty nankeen cup, charming a circle of admirers with her inborn grace — and they were calling her Mrs. Eynsford, but he did not think it at all strange. Mrs. Eynsford ! Mary Eynsford ! The words had a pleas ing melody for him, and then he thought of Mrs. Aelderman with her purely Norman face, with noble birth written on every line of her features. What a splendid mother-in-law she would make ! He dwelled upon his musings. There was something peculiarly piquant iu them. Then quite by accident lie cast a glance over the big, drenched Samson, shuffling along in those heavy boots of his, looking as if life were a torture, and as the labour of movement the worst of all. He would not be a desirable father-in-law. No, certainly not. No process of educational sandpaper ing could smooth him dowu to the status of society civilisation. But then the whole idea was absurd, ridiculous ! And Miss Havle's face peeping fro*i be hind the curtained first floor window of the inn re called him to a sense of tlie cold world proprieties. Samson, dragging himself wearily along and trembling in every limb, glanced distrustfully into the inu parlour as if he dreaded some hidden enemy to be ensconced there. 'Nobody seed nothing,' he muttered to himself. ' Nobody ! Nobody ! And I ain't done nothing. I don't know whur he is.' He held on to the trelliswork of the porch as to a support; then seeing that Eynsford was watching him he smiled faintly and said : ' Thank ye. I ain't ill. The gale's knocked half the life out o' me.' He walked wearily to where his wife sat in her armchair, gazing at him anxiously, un*! balding her thin hands out to him. With a gen 1 Ihm:=s in strange contrast to his big and uncouth rt]i]iL-.-i i aiice, he stole to the back of her chair, and, taking ber bead between his great hands, he stooped down and kissed her forehead. For a moment he waved his trembling hands, and then allowed his arms to fall by his side. ' How rash of you,' said Mrs. Aelderman, ' to remain out in that stonn. You are wet through, my You must go up stair6 aud change your clothes.' ' I wull,' he replied absently. ' I wull.' Mary had crept up to her father, and rounded one insinuating arm across liis burly form. She smiled eoajringly up at liim, and said : ?? Thee didst meet a stranger. What's become of lie V ' He pushed her away roughly. ' What's that to thee? ' he cried. ' What's that got to do with thee?' And he stared at her with frightened eyes. Suddenly his expression altered, and a sickly smile played over his features. '? Thee beest a silly,' he chuckled. ' Thee art like all the women, and want'st to have a finger in every pie. That chap, he gone to St. ltuth byway of tbe cliff. Thee knowest it now. Does that make thee feel better?' And playfully patting her cheek be turned to go upstairs. ' They'll ask— they'll all ask to-morrow,' he mut tered as he held on to the rail. 'Curse them! What has it got to do with they ? I've got to keep my head 011 my shoulders ; that's what I have got to do. Ghastly, fantastic forms seemed to stare at him from cornel's which he passed, and he shrank back in coward fear. .Af.lce, a pale, frightened face, flashed like a gleaming ghost out of the darkness, and he imagined he heard an agonised cry for help. Shivering and shaking, he crushed himself t against the wall, and then dragged himself along, step by step, to his big bedroom, where he turned and slammed the door. Then lie sat himself down on a wooden chair, making r.o attempt to take off his dripping clothes. ' Money ! ' he whispered. ' Money ! He wanted money.' He burst into a faint laugh. 'He won't want no money 110 more. ? And he won't tell no tales and break poor Mildred's heart and Mary's. But I didn't do it. What am I talking about ? I didn't. I don't know nowt about it. Wliat's it got to do with I r' lie went to the cupboard, where he found a small jar of whisky, and emptying half a glassful into a tumbler, he gulped the lot without dilution. Then he heaved a heavy sigh, aud began to pull off his soaked boots and his wet clothes. He found other garments ready for his use in the old- fashioned ward robe, which occupied fully one-third of one side of the room, and the contact of the dry material soothed and comforted him. He pushed his boots into a corner, aud taking liis wet shirt and trousers, he went downstairs and threw them to Mary, who was watch ing the artist -while he sketched her face. ' Take them into the kitchen,' said Samson, ' and put them afore the fire to dry.' . Mary pouted prettily. She found it very nice just then to sit there, whilst that good-looking stranger looked at her so captivatingly and drew her portrait. And now she had to go away. ' Bother it all,' she said to herself, and dragged the offending wet articles into the kitchen. A moment afterwards her head appeared at the door, and she threw a paper to her father. ' There,' she said. ' I found that in thy trousers,' and she disappeared again. The paper was moist and creased. It fell short, and Eynsford, who was sitting near, picked it up. It's a letter,' he said. ' You had better dry it ; it is quite wet.' The missive was open. ' Grainger and Hall, solicitors,' he exclaimed. 'A very good ' firm. I hope you have no lawsuit in hand.' Samson seeing the letter in Eynsford's hands, and thus convicted of its possession, thought that it was useless to pretend never having received it, and that, perhaps, it would be just as well to know what legal terrors were in store for him. So he turned the paper over and over, and then gave it back to the artist. ' You wouldn't mind, sir, as to be so good as to tell me what's in it.' He cast a glance at his wife and added, ' I don't want to trouble the missus, and Mary, she's that curious and talksome — bo, if you'd read. it, for I— thank ye, sir.' Eynsford glanced at the epistle for a few seconds; and then jumped up. ' What a. stroke of luck !' he cried, And looked amazedlyat Aelderman. 'What luck man! And to think ? ' He stopped short. ' What's up?' asked Samson slowly and uncon cernedly. ' What be the matter P' 'The matter, man?' cried Eynsford. 'The matter? You'rea millionaire.' ' A what?' asked Samson, quite untouched by Eynsford's speech and excitement. ' A millionaire.' ' What's that?' inquired again the uncompre hending Samson. ' Why don't you tell I what you mean ? Read the letter. Tell us what's in it.' Mrs. Aelderman had risen quietly, silently, and tapped Eynsford on the shoulder. ' Please give me the* letter, 'she said, in that soft voice of hers. She took and read the paper, whilst Samson sat open- mouthed, not knowing what to make of it all. 'My dear,' she said,-' your brother David, of whom you have heard nothing all these years, has died in Australia, worth an immense fortune, and he has left it all to you.' Samson sank back in his chair with a faint cry, muttering to himself : If I'd only knowed it. If I'd only knowed it.' CHAPTER IV. It was a glorious summer morning, fresh and blue and breezy, and the storm had left but a faint churn on the sea as the lazy breakers rolled up to the rocks which studded the shore. Where the furv of the water had raged yesterday, waves undulated, and a child might have entrusted itself to their embrace. It -was early in the day ; the syn had scarcely risen above the tree tops which bordered the eastern cliff, and in the drowsy sleeping village but one man was astir. Samson Aeldeanmn, totally unaltered in habit or gait by the momentous news of the previous evening, looking, on the contrary, rather haggard and care worn, shuffled listlessly along the beach towards the Devil's Rocks. The promised million had not elated his spirits. It had little meaning for him, who had no taste for luxuiy but that of doing nothing. He had indulged in that pleasure to his heart's con 'tent this many a year, and all the money on earth could not super-refine the enjoyment he denved from lying on the flat of his back, with his cap over his eyes, on a warm sunny beach. And more than that. This wealth which dangled before his eyes might have saved him one pang, one regret, had it come to him but a few hours earlier. As it was, he tasted the unalloyed bitterness of a blessing come too late. He had lain awake all night with his gaze glued to the little curtained window of his bedroom, as if he feared that a pale frightened face would appear between the muslin and peer in at him. The long, carved poles of the fourposter on which he' rested had assumed fantastic shapes, and now and theu he had fancied that he could see a lean, sinewy, bony arm and a bloodless hand with nails like a vulture's reach ing out towards him, as if to grasp Viim and drag him away, where to he knew not, and he had started up in a fright, with a cold sweat pearling - on his fore head. He had looked fearfully and tremblingly at his wife, who was sleeping peacefully by his side, and having dressed himself with shaking fingers, he had sauntered out into the open air. Eynsford had told him that he was very, very rich, that he might buy houses and land, and horses and ships, and have men and women to wait upon him. He liked to think of men and women to wait upon him, but the houses and the ships and the horses and carriages tempted him not. But there was his wife and there was Mary. Mildred, who had been foully robbed of her inheritance, she would again be dfcle, if she chose, to live in a great house in the midst of a park. Eynsford had told him so, and Miss Hayle had told him so. The carriage sent by Miss Hayle's mother had broken down hopelessly in the deep mud of the littled- travelled road, and the artist and his companion had been compelled to pass the night at the George and Dragon. Samson reached the point where the path to St. Ruth began to climb up the steep cliff. Tlie tide was at its ebb, and where the desperate waters had surged yesterday little pellucid pools glistened between the brown weed-covered rocks. How harmless and quiet it all looked ! Sand and shells and pebbles, and tiny forests of laver and bladder- wrack crackling beneath his feet. He looked up to the spot where he had cowered the night before, where the raging spray had dashed past him and had drenched him, and he looked, and looked again, and assured himself that this was the very place. Then he moved slowly about the rocks, examining every cranny, searching with pro truding eyes every little hole, every nook, stirring every little pool. His hands trembled like aspen leaves shaken by the autumn wind as he raised tlie dripping seaweed to hunt forwliatitmight conceal. Nowandthen he wouldturna coward glance back towards the village, but the beach was deserted, and the seagulls were the only living things in sight as far as the eye could reach. Thus he searched for an hour or more ; he waded into the breakers and kicked fragments of wreckage onto the dry shore, leaving nothing unexam ined. As the time passed and no unusual object met his eye, he breathed more freely. ?? ' They can't find nowt here,' he muttered to him self, ' that's certain. He be miles out at sea in deep water by this time.' At that moment he espied a dark object at the bottom of a small pool between the rocks. With a yell he dashed upon it and picked it up. It was a, sailor's blue cloth peakless cap. He gasped for breath as he held it between his hands, and his eyes seemed to start out of their sockets. His heart beat so fast that he felt as if he were choking, and he sat down on the slippery weed- covered rock holding his head with one hand, and with lys outstretched left crush ing the dripping head gear. Then he wrung it between both his hands until nearly every drop of moisture had departed from it. What was he to do with it ? For the first time in his long lazy life his energies were roused, and his wits at work. Who was to tell him, who*would advise him ? ' He had to lean across a great slimy boulder to keep himself from falling, for his head swam and his mind was playing tricks with him. ' They'll find more where I found this,' he whis pered to himself, ' and I can't see — I be goin' blind.' Suddenly he drew himself up to his full height, and stamped his foot till the water splashed all about him. He threw the cap far out into the sea where it lay dancing for a moment or two in the sun-bathed waves, and then sank, sank down out of sight.' ' What be it to me ? ' he muttered, ' I didn't do it. It baint I tliat did it. What's it got to do with I?' And for a minute he stood watching the spot where the thing had disappeared. Then he started slowly and waded towards it, with the water reaching to his thighs. He dived about and found it, ana gnashing his teeth, wrung it dry. He looked about him, behind him, and all around him to assure him self of his perfect solitude. Then with cat-like agility he climbed up the steep face of the cliff and reached the path of St. Ruth. He was soon on the tableland above and there, crawling on all fours, he flung the cap into a little thicket of hawthorns. He returned in a similar manner, and it was only when he was again on the beach that he felt relieved of the terror which was choking him. ' That be it, that be it,' he babbled to himself. ' It'll be took that he lost 'un in the gale. And if he lost 'un in the gale, on the cliff, he can't have fallen in at the Devil's Hocks, can he, and I can't have had nawt to do with it.' He chuckled with a hoarse and fantastic tremor, more like an ape's chattering than a man's laugh. ' They'll say though as it's been iu saalt water. He may have dropped it afore then and picked it up again,' he added m liis trembling self communion. ' But it baint nowt to me. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't.' All the village of Wraylish had by that time learned the news of SamBon's windfall, and as he diambled back to his house he found it surrounded by quite a crowd of enthusiastic gapers. He passed through their midst heedless of their cheers and congratula tions, and they vowed that he had gone ' dotty ' with his good luck. But, when a few minutes after wards, Martin appeared with a two gallon jar of old home-brewed ale and began to distribute it in liberal allowances, a change came over the public mind, and it was admitted that Samson's acquired wealth had not made him so very stingy after all. If Samson passed a sleepless night he was by no means singular in that respect among the dwellers at I the George and Dragon. There was one person at the inn who was particularly qualified to judge better than the rest the change which the promised million would work in the Aelderman household, and that was Oscar Eynsford. His glowing description of the power of wealth had made but little impression on the stolid innkeeper, but Mary had received the news of j the inheritance with sparkling eyes and trembling lips, and had clapped her hands with unfeigned de light. She had asked whether she would be able to have a riding habit such as Miss Hayle wore, and when Eynsford had answered in the affirmative she had shaken her curly head with a significant pride and enjoyment. 'You will have all the men running after you now,' Eynsford had said, with a meaning smile,' and she with a twist of her lithe body had looked back at him over her shoulder and replied : ' I don't want all the men to run after me. I only want those to run after me that I like.' A nod had emphasised the sentence. Eynsford retired to rest with that beaming picture engraven upon his mind. Look where he might, the blue eyes sparkled at him, and the red lips pouted at him, and an enchanting little Watteau shepherdess, with Mary's face gleaming beneath a flower-laden straw hat, danced about in the grey vacancy in front of him. ' What a donkey I am,' he said to himself. ' The thing's impossible. If that lout of a father of hers hadn't got all this money of a sudden, I might have made a town fairy out of this rustic beauty ; but now they'd say I was after her money. They'd swear that that was my game. Ajs if I could be so mean.' And he dosed his eyes and doggedly determined to go to deep, grunting to himself with disgust at the self suggested charge. He tossed and rolled about the bed uncomfortably, his head was hot and feverish, and the air seemed heavy about him. He opened the little window of his room to let in the soft, fresh night breeze, and attempted to find in an armchair that comfort and repose which the bed did not offer. As he looked out upon the moon-lit landscape with the dreamy light wrapping it all as in a film of silver glory, he saw Mary Aeldermans, large and small, skip ping about the beach and among the trees on the other side, smiling at him, beckoning to him, and when one disappeared another would start up prettier and more beaming than before. When at last the stars and moon had sunk down in the west, and the eastern sky assumed all the hues of sapphire, purple aud gold which the summer morning could lavish upon it, he shook himself together unrefreshed, yet unfatigued, and leaning his head upon both his hands attempted to lure sleep towards him, with the early breeze bathing his face. It was thus that he saw Samson strolling lazily towards the Devil's Rocks, and he followed the big burly figure with his eyes, wondering what might induce his host to undertake this daybreak excursion. The sight of another man wandering abroad in the still morning roused in him a desire to be also up and about. He had been unable to sleep, and now he felt no longing for it. He thought first of all that he would like to bathe, but then he remembered that he had no bathing garments, and that he would have to forego that pleasure. He dressed himself, neverthe less, and weift down stairs. The George aud Dragon was a rambling building to winch divers owners had added divers portions. The result was that it boasted of no less than three staircases, and the one used by Eynsford brought him to the back of tbe house. The door was secured by a latch only, and he went out into the little un trimmed garden, where Mrs. Aelderman raised flowers, vegetables, and fruit promiscuously. A small orchard extended from the other side of the garden fence to the foot of the cliff wluch surrounded Wraylish. It was neither very steep nor very even at that spot, and goats and sheep were tranquilly browsing upon half a dozen ledges. Eynsford, impelled by a vague desire to do something and go somewhere, crossed tlie orchard, and slowly began to climb from one ledge to another towards the top of the cliff. He was not very long in reaching the plateau, and there found himself amid the long grass, and the ferns, and herbage at the edge of a wide meadow. He sat him self down on a log and looked about him as the panorama of sea and land, of rocks and beach, of . village and glowing orchards and ripening fields, un folded itself before him. His eye- travelled along the shore line until it reached the congeries of dark rocks dedicated by village 'legend to his satanic majesty, aud the solitary Turk's Head glowing in the morning light amid the rippling waves. And among the black and brown and dark green boulders, between which the sunlight scintillated upon a dozen little pools, he espied the unmistakable figure of Samson Ael derman dodging and diving about as if in search of something. He watched the man's seeming oddities quite disinterestedly and saw him pick up something, throw it away, and then fetch it out of the water again. He saw him walk back to the cliff behind the bend of which he disappeared. Eynsford turned round lazily and allowed the sunlight to shine into his blinking eyes. He stretched himself and yawned, and then only noticed the fact which had not struck him before that the high grass was wet and the ground was damp, and that his clothing was suffering from that com bination. So he shook himself and rose in a petty annoyance and began to descend to the village. Before he had proceeded more than a yard and a half downwards, and while his eyes still rested on the line of the tableland, he saw a dark figure appear at the edge of the cliff ne'arly half a mile from liim and vanish again, as if by magic. He could have sworn that it was Samson. He was not, however, of either a curious or an inquisitive turn of mind, and when, after no little trouble, he reached the bottom of the cliff, he had for the moment forgotten all he had seen, and he returned to the inn ldtchen, where Mary's bright face, smiling at him from behind a wavy cloud of steamy haze, would have made him forget all the rest of tlie world, if he had remembered anything. His breakfast of warm milk, bread aud butter, and boiled eggs was brought to him by Mary, who was smiling her brightest; and he reflected, with a puzzled amusement clouding his mind, that it was not every man's fate — he came very near using the phrase ' every man's luck ' — to have a great heiress to wait upon him. And how pretty she was, that great heiress. Would London go mad more quickly over her million or over her daucing blue eyeB ? Mayfair would go crazy over her, that was certain, but would she fly towards the gilded saloons of Queen's Gate, or take refuge in the dainty bowers of artistic Bohemia. That lout Samson would require a philosopher and guide to teach liim the ways of the world, and whoever took the father under his care had a kind of right to be near the daughter. And having discovered this fisher-village fairy, was he to leave her like any ordinaiy maid of an inn with a 'Thank you, my dear,' and a shilling? The tiling was absurd, and not to be thought of for an instant. His lucky star had guided him to the George and Dragon on the very day when Samson's windfall burst through the inn-door, and what was the use of a lucky 6tar if no one made use of it ? B ut what would Miss Hayle say ? How would she like the idea of being supplanted by this fisher-lass? He pretended to be candid with himself, and came to the conclusion that he really did not care very much. What an un mixed pleasure it would be to him to polish Miss Mary's phraseology. That alone would repay him for the loss of the society of three Miss Hayles. Thus honest men, really honest men, reason often, and find no taint of dishonesty in their reasoning. Eynsford was a gentleman, endowed with gentlemanly and manly instincts, and this treason to the lady who was still with him brought him neither a sigh nor a regret. To have sighed Wiuld have been to have acknowledged himself guilty, and Oscar Eynsford, to do him justice, never dreamed that another person might have viewed his ideas from a different stand point. Thus the world wags on, and poor, lovely woman, will ever be its scapegoat and its toy, though sometimes she may consider herself its mistress. When Eynsford and Miss Hayle rode back to Luskersleigh that morning the lady felt instinctively that another woman had stepped between herself and Eynsford, and that that woman was Mary. CHAPTER V. The golden shower did not immediately inundate the household of the George and Dragon. The colossal fortune was there right enough, but the vaster part of it consisted of properties in Australia, and even the hundred and fifty thousand pounds lying in the Bank of England could not be touched without probate of the will. Messrs. Grainger and Hall, however, with the liberality for which wealthy London solicitors are famous when their clients are rich, or have great, legally-assured expectations, offered immediately to place the sum often thousand pounds at Samson's disposal. Neither Samson, nor Mrs. Aelderman, seemed to care to take the money, and had not a pleading glance of Mary's persuaded them they would have refused the loan. Samson neither cared for it, nor knew what to do with it. Mr. William Grainger, senior, who had journeyed to Wraylish to confer with his newly acquired client, was bland, affable, and genial. A sugary persuasion creamed on his benevolent, beaming Countenance ; it swelled from his broad chest, and was writ large all over his portly form. The barest glimmer of a surprise twinkled from his little eyes when he beheld the heir to this great estate arrayed in his rough fisherman's costume. But that was only momentary, and like the man of the world, and thorough good man of business that he was, he took care not -to allow his surprise to be noticed. ' You had better take the money,' he said in the course of his eonversation. ' it is always useful. I will open an account for you at the old Tmnlr ^ Exeter, and if you want more— double or treble the sum, you can have it. My dear Mr. Aelderman,' he repeated, ' believe me you can have it. The firm will only cliarge you the usual interest, aud the usual office fees.' He accentuated the finish of the phrase with the repetition which was habitual to him, ' Only the usual office fees.' The moziey had been paid into the old -»anlr as arranged, but, with tho exception of two hundred pounds in notes which Mr. Grainger had benevolently insisted upon leaving with Samson before his de parture, it had not been touched. As a matter of fact neither Samson, nor his wife, nor his daughter re quired actual money ; for, at the first trumpet sound of the news of theii fortune, they were inuudated with circulars and offers of credit of all kinds. They could have purchased mansions, parks, lands, yachts horses, carriages, diamonds, dresses, lace, pictures anything their hearts might have desired, without the expenditure of a single penny in bard cash. There had never been such a stir in drowsy Wraylish wliile men and women 'in their born days' remembered. Tradesmen from the neighbouring towns, travellers from great London firms, agents of landed estates, brokers, picture-dealers, hawkers, servants eager for engagement, came not single spies, but in battalions, and made the George and Dragon uninhabitable to its usual and regular customers. The number of old friends and acquaintances of Mrs. Aelderman who suddenly gave evidence of their existence was amazing. Companions of her girlhood, schoolmates, ministers who had taught her, old ladies who had fondled her when she was a child, gentlemen who liad known her family when she was horn, were delighted, overjoyed — 'nobody could tell how pleased ' you could not imagine what pleasure it gave me, my dearest Mrs. Aelderman ' — to hear of that sudden accession of fortune. When Mrs. Aelder man came to London, to Exeter, to Plymouth, she was, of course, to call upon them all immediately, and nothing would give them, each and all, greater pleasure than to have Mr. and Mrs. Aelderman and their charming daughter, of whom they had all heard so much, as their guests. As Mrs. Aelderman consigned these missives, one aud all, to the fire, the memory of her early days re called her to the 6ense that, whatever her own niodest inclinations might be, her child ought not to suffer by the influence of her own unforgettable past. She blamed herself severely for having allowed her daughter to run wild, and thus having made it so difficult to fit her for the exigencies of her new station. Mrs. Aelderman left Wraylish for the first time for many .years, and had herself driven to the ruined home of her ancestors. The hot tears rolled down her cheeks when she saw the venerable building she had last beheld in its hoary vigour dismantled, desolate, its great hall roofless, open to the winds, moss and lichen luxuriating on the stone staircases, the broad walks overgrown with a sea of grass and weeds, aud she made up her mind that if it were in her power, and she humbly believed that it was, she would restore to St. Ruth its ancient glory, aud make it a lovely home for her child. Mary occupied her days with thinking of and her nights with dreaming of all the pretty dresses, the dainty shoes, and the bewitching hats she might now be able to wear, She had been to Luskersleigh, and there had seen the Squire's daughters arrayed in all the glory of white summer muslin, pink silk sashes, and broad-brimmed flower-laden Leghorn bats. Tliat seemed to her the perfection of a pretty costume, and at the time when she first beheld it a costume only to be dreamt about aud never to be hoped for. But when the sempstress from Luskersleigh arrived at the George and Dragon with a great basket containing the very presentment of Mary's ideal dress, hat, shoes, stockings, gloves, aud all, and brought patterns of fashion plates for other dresses, and yet more dresses, and hats and gloves, and all the rest of it, Mary'slittle heart went straight out from ber, and she hugged and kissed tlie sempstress for a darling good fairy. There was no looking-glass large enough at the George and Dragon to enable Miss Aelderman to contemplate all her newly acquired glories aud trea sures in a befitting manner, and, to Samson's amaze ment, two men one fine morning unloaded a huge mirror at his door. Mine host of the George and Dragon was not over pleased with the contingent results of wealth. He was happiest when he was left to his favourite pas time, that of doing absolutely nothing. Thought was a bothersome exertion, action of any kind a nuisance, and work a horror to him. And now everybodv was asking questions, everybody wanted something, every body wanted him to do something, and he who de sired only to be left alone was denied his heart's oidv wish. He was gloomy at times, and to his wife and daughter seemed unreasonably thoughtful. He had never been a talkative man, now he became more silent than ever. He could not be prevented from addressing gamekeepers, small tradesmen, and others as ' sir,' and when remonstrated with by liis wife would reply wistfully, ' Don t 'thee trouble yourself, my dear. It's all right. I suppose I shall learn it some o' these 'ere days.' / He took little or no interest in Mary's purchases and Mary's fineries, although he looked pleased when his daughter appeared before him arrayed in all the glory of white muslin. No persuasion in the world, how ever, could induce him to submit himself to the tender mercies of a town tailor. A coat he would not wear in summer time, nor a waistcoat either ; he would think about these when winter came. Boots less hob nailed and heavily soled might perhaps be thought of with advantage, and a broad- brimmed felt hat was not without its uses to keep the sun from his face when he was lying on the sands. But when he had bought a red silk neckerchief and a blue one for a change, he felt that he had conceded enough to the 6pirit of dandyism which was abroad in the family. He looked at Mary's mirror with eyes wide open, and would have been even annoyed had it not been too much trouble. There was one person in Wraylish who was par ticularly disturbed in his mind, and not at all gratified by the news of Samson's wealth. Master lieuben, although he knew it not, and would not for worlds have confessed it had he known it, was as much in love with Mary as in olumsy yokel fashion he could be expected to be. His was the straightforward, genuine article that does not transform itself into ecstatic raptures, nor expresses itself in dainty phrases, but which may be warranted to wear well. Mary, of course, knew that the lad was in love with her, and die had always had a great liking for him. To do Miss Aelderman justice, even the gorgeous new dress caused no difference in her manner towards Reuben, hut the young man felt his ardour damped by all that splendour. He would no more have dared to put his arm round Mary's waist while it was en circled by that silk sash than to take a similar liberty with the Rector's wife. As to walking abroad with her, he, with his great boots and rough woe lien cap, and she all town finery ; why, the thing was impos sible. Therefore he cursed Samson's gocd fortune with the mild epithets that were habitual to him, and wandered about the rocks, and the cliffs, aud the Bandy beach in a lonely distress, unpacifiei ;:nd un pacifiable, although offended by nobody and naught Whilst the village of Wraylish was exposed to these conflicting emotions, the inhabitants cf Luskers leigh Manor were no less disturbed by tl.e events which ruffled the equanimity of the fishing -village, Mr. Eynsford was still Mrs. Hayle's g^ett, but his rides and walks with Miss Hayle had diminished con siderably in frequency. He would go out by himself with his sketch-book or his haud-eafti lefcre the ladies were aware of his absence, until at last Mrs, Hayle remarked these repeated o ccui ren c es , and asked her daughter whether she had noticed them. 'Noticed them!' exclaimed Miss Jfaylo, with a toss of her head, and a snaer pursing her lips, ' of course I have noticed them. How could I help noticing them ?' 'Has anything occurred between you and Mr. Eynsford ?' asked Mrs. Hayle. ' Nothing whatever,' replied Ethel. ' Xo lovers' quarrel r' Tlie indignant ' No ' with which lier daughter answered assured Mrs. Hayle that the position of afl'.'iirs was grave. 'You seem annoyed, my dear,' she continued, 'and I think you have the right to be annoyed by Mr. Eynsford's neglect. Can you form any idea as to tho cause of it'r Is it his work that takes him away, or ? .' The old lady stopped herself and looked lit her daughter through her lorgnette. 'Surely it can't be,' she added. ' Kut Af:i. dear. it. can be, and it is,' re plied Miss Hayle. in a voice in which dis appointment and of fended pride mingled equally. ' You don't mean to say so, my dearr' cxcluiined Mrs. Hayle, dropping her glasses in a frozen amaze ment. 'And who is the lady ?' ' Lady ? ' cried Ethel, with another toss of her head. ' Lady ? It's Mary, the daughter of the man who keeps the (leorge and Dragon at Wraylish.' Along-drawn 'Oh' expressed Mrs. Hayle's surprise. The old lady wiped her glasses with her cambric handker chief and replaced them. ' They tell nie the girl is pretty,' she said. ' Yes,' answered Miss Hayle, and added viciously, 'and she is sole heiress to a fortune of two or three mil lions.' Rumour had already thus exagger ated the extent of Samson's fortune. Another long-drawn ' ' Oh ' proved that Mrs. Hayle was now convinced of the gravity of the case. ' And what do you intend to do, my dear r' she added, ' Do '{ ' cried her daughter. ' Nothing at all, of course.' ' But I thought you were in love with Mr. Eynsford.' Miss Hayle, who had been walking up and down 1 be room, stopped suddenly, and, putting her handkerchief to her eyes, commenced to cry. ' You have made up your mind to annoy mc this morning, Ma,' she exclaimed bitterly, and burst out of the loom, leaving the old lady in a speechless wonder about the un reasonableuessof young people. Iu the meantime the cause of this commo tion wandered, in soli tary gloom and doubt of himself and of the world, about the mea dows, fields, and country lanes which lay between Luskers leigh and Wraylish cliff. He had striven hard to banish Mary Aelderman from his mind, but Mary Ael denuau would not be banished. Wherever he might be seated in a field of golden corn, with his sketch-book lying in the high grass, 1 iy the brookside, roam ing about the park-like forest wilich surrounded St. liuth, in the draw ing-roomat the Manor, in his own bedroom, the smiling, charming la ce of Mary Aelder man would peer at him through the mist of his thoughts, aud lie had lo confess to himself that it was a pleasing apparition. Full half a dozen times he had started on his road to Wraylish, and as many times he had stopped at the top of the cliff, and looked down upon the roof of tlie George and Dragon as a sort uf nether-heaven for bidden to his approach. Once, while seated on the milestone near the spot where the road descended to the vil lage, he saw Mrs. Ael derman aud Mary driven past him by the funniest old coachman in the world, in a ram shackle, open, yellow painted country coach, which dated back at I least to the early years of the present cen tury. The affair was a ludicrous burlesque, from the coachman with his silver-furred high pos tilion's hat, his great standing white collars, his red waistcoat, his brass-buttoned blue frock-coat and gaiters, and last, but not least, his grinning round face, to which the home-brewed ale of fifty odd years had given a glow of its own, to the coach itself, wobbling high on its big, well-worn springs. But Eynsford was blind to everything and everybody but the rippling smile of welcome which danced at him from Mary's deep blue eyes. She was wreathed in all the splendour of the white muslin that day, and the artist thought that he had not dreamed she could be so pretty, or that any other woman in the world could I be so pretty. A hot anif fervid glow shot through his frame as he rose and lifted his hat. Maiy waved her handkerchief hack to him, and when the carnageand its occupants rolled out of sight, at a turning in the road, he thought tbe sun had gone out of the land scape. A cold shiver crept over him as he sat down again upon the milestone and reflected that it would be a mightily different matter to pay his addresses to Miss Mary Aelderman, the heiress, from courting Maiy, the maid of the inn. Victory was not so sure, although he fondly hoped that he was first in the field, and defeat would mean death to his earthly happiness. That witching glance, that wave of the little hand had settled it. Live without Mary he could not, and he vowed to himself, at that moment, that live with out Maiy he would not, whatever the cost and whate'er betide. He vaulted across the fence with the agility of a practised athlete, and wandered across the meadows to a higher point whence he hoped to be able to see the course the carriage had taken. His patience was rewarded after a while, fora t the point where the cir cuitous road emerged from a plantation of dwarf oak and elms, he could see tlie little cloud of dust rolling along the road to St. Ruth. He fancied he could espy a bright glimmer in the nudst of it, and its attraction became infectious. No magnate ever drew iron to itself with more irresistible force than the knowledge of Maiy Aelderman' s presence pierced Eynsford's verv soul. For one brief moment he would sit and laugh at himself for being in love— in love with a pretty child— and in the very next second he would snap si finger at himself a defiant 11 Who cares . I am in love ! Why not ?' ' He rose and walked as fast as the uneven ground permitted him, across fields and meadows in the direc tion of the Abbey of St. Ruth. He could see the ruined spirelet peering above the surrounding trees. Neither hedges nor ditches, no fences or other barriers proved obstacles to hiin. But his acquaintance with the topography of the country was limited, and he found himself suddenly at the very edge of a deep crevice extending far inland from tlie cliff, and he thought that, probably, it would take less time to climb down and then up again the other side, than it would to make the detour by the road. The descent proved neither very dangerous nor very steep, still it was awkward enough, and the painter reached the bottom having more slid than climbed down fully one-third of the latter part of the dis tance. Arrived at the bottom he bestowed a glance on tlie side up which he would have to ascend ; but what had seemed perfectly feasible before began to assume a desperate appearance now. Thrice he attempted the ascent, and thrice the treacherous earth gave way beneath his feet, and he rolled back again. There was nothing left, therefore, but to walk out towards the sea, and try to reach a spot where the way to St. Ruth was possible. At the mouth of the small gorge which the hand of Nature had cleft into the earth, the cliff extended road and steep on both sides. It was ebb tide, and the red sands glittered in the sun. Some forty or fifty yards further out the placid sea churned creamily against the deep brown rocks which studded tlie treacherous shore. A soft breeze was abroad and allayed the fierce noonday heat. Out at sea halfa dozen sails moved lazily across the broad expanse, but not a human was in sifflif n nr? F,nKfnril found himbemg lord of all he surveyed. Ho walked out towards the rocks so as to get a better view of the face of the cliff, and thus to discover a place from ' which he could reach the tableland above. While he was thus stumbling backwards and sideways among the rocks, shading his eyes with liis hands, and gazing at the cliff, ' Es foot came in contact with a softly resisting object. He looked round hastily, and there at his feet, with its lower limbs in the water, with its dis torted. swollen, gliastly features turned to wards him, with dull glassy eyes staring blindly, with its arms drawn to its side.s, ami its clothing torn to shreds, lay the dead body of a seafaring man. CHAPTER YL An inquest was being held at the Magpie Inn in the village of St. Ruth, upon the body of a sailor, name un known, found drowned on the rocks below. It was not an uncommon occurrence in that part of the coast for bodies to he washed ashoi e and not to he vecog nised. But these events took place generally after some mighty stonn when the toll claimed by the sea as its own was in part returned by the paci fied element to mothc r earth. Peculiar in terest, however, at tached itself to the present case from the fact that the man found dead had been seen by more than one person with Samson Aelder man but a short time previously, and that Samson Aelderman was the last man known i - have been in his co ? pany. It so happen e. , when the news of the ghastly find reached Wraylish, being brought there by Mr. Eynsford himself, that Mr. William Grainger senior, was paying another visit to the George and Dragon. His cautious legal mind at once grasped the possible gravity of the enquiry which was bound to follow, and with his round face pearling with the blandest courtesy, he placed his soft fat hand on the shoulder of Samson, who; was standing by his- side with a white face and shaking limbs. ' Dear Mr. Aelder man,' he said, ' I am your legal adviser, and in presence of the com plications which might possibly arise from in cautious explanations given by persons not versed in legal proce dure, I must insist that you answer no ques tions and give no in formation whatever concerning your know ledge of this business until the proper time arrives, and I will then take your instruc tions.' B If the hangman's rope had been taken from Samson's strang ulated neck, if a ton of granite had been lifted from his crushed breast, he could not have felt greater relief than his solicitor's advice gave him at that moment. He had been accus-_ tomed all his life to look upon lawyers as a useless and offensive class of the community, as people whose voca tion consisted in mak ing their fellows un comfortable and unhappy. Now a new ligh* dawned upon his benighted mind, and for the first time in his existence, he hailed the presence of one of the legal fraternity as a real boon. Samson was far from being a tractable subject in his solicitor's hands and on many matters would listen to no advice what ever, but in this instance he proved the most docile of clients, and took his stand behind his lawyer's instruc tions as behind an unassailable fortress. No law, divine or human, no edict of heathen idol was ever held more sacred than William Grainger's, senior words appeared to be to Mr. Samson Aelderman. 'Lawyer Grainger says I bain't to say nothin' ' was his invariable reply. And more could not be got out of him by persuasion or temptation. Thirteen good men and true were empannelled on the coroner's jury. The skittle alley of the Magpie Inn affording a compromise between a room and tte open air so desirable in July heat, was selected as tte place in which the rural Solons were to give ther judgment. The hard floor usually sacred to the nine - pins, afforded a solid substructure for the Coroner's seat, whilst jurors, attorneys, police witnesses, and the public spread themselves in a heterogeneous pro miscuousness over the alley and the adjoining grounds. HELP! HELP! The Deputy County Coroner, a prematurely old, young man, whose career had been a long series of disappointments to him, was steeped in a perfect foam of anxious aud hopeful expectation. He was to have mi opportunity of exhibiting his legal acumen before one of tbe shining lights of tbe Loudon Bar, for Mr. Martin Wells, Q.C., M.P., had been retained by the celebrated London firm of Messrs Grainger and Ha'.l t ) watch the case on behalf of their client, Mr. Samson Aelderman. By the famous leader's side was to twinkle a minor star in the person of Mr. Horatio Saxe, a barrister whom a brilliant recent defence at the Old Bailey had made famous. The County Com missioners and the constabular authorities were repre sented by a clerk from the office of an old-fashioned (solicitor at Exeter, and altogether the air was filled witli the odour of legal pomp and vanity. .Samson Aelderman sat in a corner of the little inn garden less talkative than ever. His trembling hands betrayed au unusual trepidation ; so that even Mrs. Aelderman, who, of course implicitly believed Jier husband's statement that he knew nothing of the matter, became a sharer of his emotion. Mary, to whom all this business was novel and ex citing only so far as it enabled her to show her newly acquired glories to old acquaintances — not vainly per hrips. but with that instinct of female pride which takes a pleasure in every new gown however simple — flitted about the garden with the tlioughtfulness of a butterfly, and the anxiety of a canary. Beyond that, the affair was to her simply a nuisance ; it bothered her father, and that was a shame. Perhaps never man in this world stood in greater peril of his neck than Sauison Aelderman did at that momeut, though neither his wife nor his daughter for one instant _ dreamed of it. The usual formalities were gone through, the body was viewed, and Eynsford proved the finding of the corpse. Then other witnesses were called. Two women had Been the deceased walk away from the bench towards the Devil's Rocks with Samson. A fisherman, while engaged in mending his boat, had seen them walking leisurely towards the same spot ; then the stonn came on, and he lost sight of them. Xone of these three people had seen Samson return. Now Mr. Deputy County Coroner, when the case was first brought before him, had made up his mind to found upon it that claim to distinction which had so long been denied him. He had studied and restudied the case as far as he knew it, aud he had treasured up on his memoranda every point and particle of a point fliat could tell against Samson. He had con stituted himself a sort of attorney for the county i oninnVsioners, instead of an impartial, calm-mmded representative of English justice. But Deputy Coroners propose and Queen's Counsel dispose, and when Mr. Deputy Coroner found Martin ?Wells's (Q.C., M.P.) piercing cold grey eye creeping, so to say, all over him as a spider would, his purpose trickled out of him as out of a cracked vase, and he became tlie most pliable and malleable of men in the great barrister's hands. As for the solicitor's clerk Iron Exeter, lie would have been glad to go down on his knees aud kiss the hem of the garment of either senior or junior counsel for being honoured by being allowed to sit at all at the same table with them, and lie would no more have dared to contradict them than a mouse would venture to attack a cat. Samson, when his turn for examination came, had braced his nerves with a big glass of whisky and answered all questions curtly and briefly. He was known to be a dull, lieavy-minded man, and nobody thought the maimer in which he gave his evidence unusual. His answers were straightforward enough. He hod known the man whose body was the subject of the inquest at Boulogne, in France, wlrile working on board a Ramsgate fishing sloop. He did net remember his name; it was a French oue; neither did he know where lie lived. The man spoke English veiy well. His mother, Samson believed, had been an Englishwoman. The man had come to inform him of the death of an old comrade. ' ' Ho wished to return by way of St. Ruth,' Samson said, as it was nearer to the station than Luskersleigh, and that was a very feasible reply. He had intended to ncrcmpany him to St. Kuth, but tlie storm over took them when they had barely asceuded the first jiait of the path, and there, in spite of Samson's warnings and entreaties, the man insisted upon con tinuing liis journey to St. Kuth, while he— Samson- remained behind. More he knew not. Mr. Martin Wells, Q.C. , M.P., looks back to this (lay upon his peroration on behalf of Mr. Samson Aelderman as one of his most brilliant oratorical efforts. He looked upon it as doubly brilliant, be cause in his heart he had the highest contempt for high fnlutin', and the jury had their full measure of that quality from him that morhing. He was a very lion addressing a herd of jackasses, and met with the kind of deference which the king of the desert would have received from the patient animals just named. The whole business was as plain as daylight, it was tin accident brought about by the stubbornness of the man himself — there could be no two opinions about it. The Deputy Coroner, in a voice which seemed meek and mild after the great counsel's stentorian tones, fully endorsed the latter's opinion, and the jury gave their unhesitating, unanimous verdict tliat the deceased had been accidentally drowned. Eynsford, the moment his evidence had been given, made use of his opportunity to join Mary and her mother in their corner of the garden. He was not over well received, for both ladies looked upon him as a sort of accidental, meddlesome accuser of their hus band aud father, although, with the inexplicable per versity of female reasoning, they argued tliat no accusation was possible. The artist was cut to the. quick when he found Mary's manner towards him so changed and frigid, and he would have given half of all he owned had he felt himself entitled to address her in the manner he spoke to her so very few days ago. He strolled away from them, and wandered disconsolately about the garden and the adjoining orchard, cursing his ill luck, and nearly feeling a .Tudas who had betrayed the father of her whom he loved best. The cold perspiration pearled on his brow when the murmur of conversation told him that Samson had been called to the witness-stand, and the next twenty minutes were the unhappiest he ever passed. His fate seemed to hang on the thread which held Aelderman's, and the Damocles' sword of liis own evidence threatened to cut it down» 'When after the great barrister's speech everybody told him that the verdict of ' accidental death' was a fore gone conclusion, Samson himself could not have felt easier in his mind than Eynsford did at that moment. When all was over and the Coroner had shaken hands with the counsel, senior and junior, and with Mr. William Grainger, senior, and with Mr. William Grainger, senior's clerk, and with the clerk from the solicitor's office at Exeter, and when the bystanders, jury and all, had drunk Muster Aelderman's health in bumpers of old ale, when an admiring circle of new friends and old acquaintances surrounded the stolid hero of the enquiry, and made Mrs. Aelderman very uncomfortable by their intrusive attentions, Eynsford believed that his offence, such as it was, had been sufficiently expiated, and made bold to creep, so to say, to Mary's side. He felt like a boy in his teens who, bouquet in hand and verse in pocket, ventures for the first time to address the proud and haughty maiden upon whom he centred his affections. TTm position seemed to have nothing unusual in it. The man of the world, the artist saturated with the adula tion of London high Bohemian, the man of fashion at whose feet knelt quite a bevy of the fair ones of Mayfair, had found a little rustic flower, and its sweet natural fragrance had filled his heart as an incense, and left no place for other thought. Even after he had got thus far he was some time in plucking up courage to speak to Mary. The ycuug lady was all beams and smiles again, the momentary cloud had passed, and the butteifly mind was far away from the momentous event which had just passed, and was soaring towards fields and pastures new f ofashion plates and dressmakers' glories. , ' Here's Muster Eynsford, faather,' she cried ' Now do thee ask'un to draw my picture.' Then plucking the young man by the sleeve and turning him round so as to face her entirely, she spread out her skirt with one hand on each side, and snaked her supple body in a captivating courtesy. 'Don't you think,' she asked, ' as I look prettier now than what I did two weeks agone ? ' j It required no artist's fancy, nor a painter's appre ciation of the beautiful, to find Miss Mary simply ex quisite at that moment. Between the half parted red lips glistened the whitest and squarest of little teeth. Her dimpled cheek was velvety like a peach at its ripest, and those deep blue eyes would have charmed a legendary dragon into submissiveness. Cynic and stoic would have had to confess that she was superla tively pretty. Eynsford was neither a cynic nor a stoicj and he thought her simply heavenly. Thus taken to task by the young witch herself he could only reply that she was charming. ' I will consider it a great favour, madam,' he continued, turning to Mrs. Aelderman and ignoring totally the lumbering Samson, ' if you will allow me to paint your daughter's portrait.' The consent was unhesitatingly given, and Eyns ford was happier in the expectation of the hours to come than he knew how to be. In his happiness he left the Magpie Inn without even saying good-bye to either Mary, her mother, or Samson, but walked across the sun -bathed fields; he neither knew nor cared whither,- jumping hedges and ditches and carolling like a schoolboy. He was as happy as a child, and like a child he sang in blessed unconscious ness of his song. The road from St. Ruth to Wraylish turns and twists in such a circuitous fashion that the wayfarer, taking his path across the fields, comes upon it at the oddest and most unexpected moments. It darts out of bits of woodlands, it shoots around the angle of farm buildings, and a man walking, say due east for instance, might find it suddenly turning due north, only to meet it coming towards him, running due south a quarter of a mile further on. Something very much like this happened to Eyns ford. He had thought himself far away from the country road, when he suddenly came upon it at a spot wnere it turned at nearly right angles, and there, sitting on the decrepid post of a tumble-down gate, he eBpied the lank figure of Master Reuben. The lad was swinging his long legs to and fro, kicking off bits of rotten wood, and on the finger tips of one hand he twirled a sailor's peakless cap, mouldy and sun -and -soil -stained. By one of those accidents which happen in the best regulated county constabulary investigations. Reuben and his possible evidence had been absolutely over looked by tlie village policeman whose duty it was to collect the necessary information for tie county authorities. He hated lawyers quite as much as Samson did of yore, and having once been compelled to assist in the cany ing of a body drowned to the place where the inquest was held, he had a positive horror of coroners and all their appurtenances and functions. Reuben, with all his yokelish and loutish manners, had a shrewd common sense of his own, not at all incompatible with his simple disposition, and he argued with himself veiy sensibly that he could do Samson no good, and ' he'd he jiggered if he'd hurt 'un.', Therefore he very wisely held his tongue, never even mentioning tbe matter to Mary on the odd and rare occasions when he met her. He greeted Eynsford with a cheery ' Good morn in'. Good mornin' to you, sir,' still twirling the cap ou his finger ends. 'Good day to you, Reuben,' replied Eynsford. 'You haven't been to the inquest?' ' No, sir. Not I, sir,' answered the lad. 'How's that?' inquired Eynsford. ' Don't know, sir,' Reuben replied. ' Nobody wanted I, sir, I s'pose, and I wum't over anxious for to go there.' 'You'll be glad to hear,' continued the artist, ' that the verdict was one of accidental death.' 'Ay, ny, sir. Ay, ay, sir,' answered tlie lad, still making a teetotum of the cap on liis finger tip. Eynsford, seeing- that Reuben's own cap was on Reuben's own head, asked rather un'nterestedly, ' What have you got there?' ' It's a seafarin' man's cap, I reckon, and it's been a. lyin' in the rain, or the waater may be. Salt waater I 'ould say. I found 'un in th' hawthorn hushes over yonder, about a mile an' a-half from here, not fur from the cliff.' With that he tossed it to Eyns ford. The cap was still moist in places here and there, and an odour of seaweed clung to it. It was stained with a slime similar to that which attaches to newly found laver, and portions which the sun had evidently reached more than others were discoloured and hard. Eynsford turned it carelessly in his hand when he noticed a stained bit of tape sewn into the inside of the cap. It had originally been white, hut was then of a brownish grey, and on that bit of tape the letters S. B. had been traced with indelible ink. Below this he saw the nearly effaced stamp bearing the maker's name and address. The name was entirely gone, but he could decipher the number ll7 and the commence ment of the name of the street ' Fai,' and also the initial letters of the word 'Boulogne' as far as the second 'o.' As he turned it over and over again in his haud, the thought flashed across his mind that that cap must have belonged to the man upon whose body the inquest had j ust been held. But how came it so far inland ? The idea puzzled him, and worried him, and after a moment or two's reflection he said : ' Here, you don't want this thing do you ? I'll give you sixpence for it.' ' Ay, ay, sir,' replied the lad taking the proffered coin. ' Thank you.' And Eynsford put the Eoiled head gear in liis pocket and walked away, racking his brain as to what Reuben's find might portend, and how it might be explained. A dim fancy clouded his brain that he had seen something, or noticed some thing, which might afford a clue, but what it was, for the fife of him, he could not guess at that moment. ' I'm glad I've got the thing in my hands,' he said to himself, 'some meddlesome ass. might have got hold of it and made a bother.' He was as solid and firm in his belief in Samson's absolute guiltlessness as Mrs. Aelderman or Mary themselves, and not a breath of a suspicion tarnished the -white tablet of that belief. Yet he felt, somehow or other, that in having pos sessed himself of that cap he had rendered Samson a service, why or how he could not explain, and he de termined to keep the secret of his find to himself. A moment afterwards a carriage occupied by Mrs. Aelderman and Mary drove past liim. The girl's glan'ce shot through him, as it always did, and Eyns ford felt that for her sake he would have staked his soul. CHAPTER VII. Summer gone with its golden sheen, and autumn tints glowing on foliage, fruit, and blossom ! The Mildred St. Ruth of yore was again the mis- i tress of the home of her ancestors. Masons, brick layers, sculptors, carpenters, painters, glaziers — a { whole army of workmen had taken possession of the vaulted chambers, and were busy with hammer, chisel, trowel, and brush, and a new gothic roof shielded the great hall from the aggression of the . elements. A dozen rooms in the least dilapidated wing of the straggling old building had been made fit for habita-* tion, and furnished simply, but comfortably. Thence Samson woulcl wander out of a morning, and stare at the busy hive of the men whom he em ployed, wondering and wondered at. It was all so strange to him, this bustle and this hurry. Now and then he would be asked for an order about a matter so foreign to his ken that he hardly seemed to be awake whilst hearing it. Piles of furniture and fit tings, and cartloads and waggonloads, and again cartloads and waggonloads of material, would pass by him, of the very use of which he nad no understand ing. Once a little French painter in a whits blouse and a velvet beret, asked him to be so land as to oblige him, and tell him where he could find 'Mis- taire Aelderman.' ' I be him,' Samson replied. 'You be watt?' the little man asked agaiu. ' Why, Samson Aelderman, of course,' was the stolid reply. Samson by that time had been induced to sport the extravagance of a pea-jacket, but he wore no waist coat underneath that, and his big fisherman's cap was drawn close to his eyes. He looked about as much like a millionaire as a rhinoceros resembles an ante lope. ' You, saxe, Mistaire Aelderman !' exclaimed the Frenchman in unconscious amazement, dropping the brush he held in his haud — ' not posseeble !' ' If I baint him, show me t'other man what is,' growled Samson, and walked away, leaving the son of sunny France to the philosophic reflection qu'ils sonl drotes , ces Anglais. On occasions like these Samson would walk, as he often did, to Wraylish, and lie down in one of his favourite spots on the beach, glad to escape from the hurry and scurry of the great house which was being restored for him, from the wealth, which was a nuisance to him, glad to be left alone to do simply nothing as long as he would, aud to be happy and contented in his own simple, lazy way. But a shadow came brooding over liim at times and a cold shiver would pervade his frame, and, like a contagious fever of fear, spread to his blood, to liis heart. ' He's gone,' he would mutter to himself, ' and the coroner said as it was accident, and that I didn't doit; and I didn't, did I? Ajid he'll never come back, and he'll not ask again for money, and say that if I don't give him any he'll tell Mildred. Poor Mildred !' 'And then he would turn his face towards the sand, and lie on his stomach with his head resting upon his arms as if afraid to look out into God's open suushine, dreading an unexpected apparition to loom up before him and to point an accusing finger towards him. And such a figure appeared often in those days to his darkened gaze as he lay brooding upon the sands ; the figure of a trim- built, lithe woman, with some thing of the suppleness of the snake in her move ments, with jet black hair, and eyes like glittering coals, with big round gold earrings in her ears, such as gipsies sometimes wear, and as we so often see in Southern Europe. The figure of a woman in the twenties, active, quick, and with a tigerish smile of ? satisfaction playing around her broad lips ; the figure of a woman with a bad face, and yet a face beautiful in its devilishness. ' And if she wur to come,' Samson would mutter, glaring about him with distorted face and fearful eyes. ' If she wur to come after him, and ask for him, and for me. She ain't dead, I don't know — nobody knows. Whur can she be ?' And then he would sit up and stare about him as if the dreaded apparition were approaching in the midst of the daylight sheen. But it would all pass away again and be forgotten, amid the trifling excitement of his lazy uneventful life, only to waken again, like an unappeasable conscience/ when he least ex pected it. There was only one thing that occupied him at times, and only at times. He had a new boat built for himself, as stout and as b'glit as the most scientific builder could fashion it, and he had fitted it with his own hands, as for a long sea voyage. It was a mere cockle-shell, more resembling a little pleasure yacht intended for a day's sailing on a fine day than a fisherman's seaworthy craft, but he did so little fishing, and latterly he had done none. Now and then, however, he would go out to sea with it quite alone, and remain away for hours. To do Samson justice he seldom came to Wraylish empty-handed, and as he knew everything and every body in the place, and all their little worries and their little troubles, and their little hopes and their little joys, he generally went back to St. Ruth with empty pockets. He would stroll up with that slouching gait of his to some poor father of a big family whose sails were rotten and whose boat was time-worn and use less, and would put a heavy parcel wrapped in a dirty piece of paper in his hand, and as quietly walk away again without saying a word. The weather-beaten struggling fisherman would open the packet in a bland wonder and find ittocontain gold. A month or so afterwards a trim new boat, called the ' Samson Aelderman, would sail from the Wray out to sea, and the fisherman's home would be bright for the coming winter at least. Or that pale faced, ailing schoolmistress who was always behind with her rent, would hear an urchin knocking at her door. The child would hand her an old-fashioned little canvas bag heavy with coins, and tell her it was Samson who had sent him. But even the rough and homely words of thanks which swelled from the heart of such people as these, wearried Samson. He wanted to do what he did in his own listless fashion, and having done it, lie wanted to be left alone. When the evenings drew close he would wander back to the George and Dragon and sit in the inn parlour sipping at a mug of cider or a jug of ale, and smoke a long pipe listening to the talk of the three or four villagers who were regular customers. Now and then he would join in with an ' Ay, ay, sir,' but that exertion seemed invariably to fatigue him. Three nights out of the seven he would go to sleep in the big bedroom upstairs, whilst Reuben, who had charge of the premises, dreamed of love and its troubles in Mary's former chamber. Wealth, which left Samson unchanged in habit or appearance, worked won ders with his daughter. Maiy, headstrong and self-willed as she was, was well aware that her mother was a lady by birth, and with a shrewd appreciation of what was useful to her, set her little wits to work to copy her mother's manner and ways as previously she had imitated the customs and language of her father. At first grammar and syntax puzzled her sorely. She would steal up to her mother, twiddling the end of a handkerchief, or tying her hat-strings into a knot, and ask with eyes drooped : ' Mother?' ' Yes, child.' ' Baint it right to say * I baint ' ?' ' No, child,' the old lady would naturally reply. ' It is not right to say 'I baint.' The right form is ' I am not.' ' Then Miss Mary would give a long-drawn whistle and skip away to other puts. Presently she would return to her mother and tap ber on the shoulder and say: ' Mother ?' ' Yes, my dear.' ' I am, thou art, he is, we are, you are, they are.' ' Quite right, my child,' Mrs. Aelderman would exclaim, 'what about it?' Then Miss Mary would hold a thumb-soiled and dog-eared book aloft in triumph and would say : ' I've looked it out, mother, and I just thought Fd let you know, as I knew.' Masters Miss Mary would have none, nor mistresses either. Though Eeveral of them came, none stayed. It would have been easier to tame a butterfly than to induce Miss Aelderman to sit down to lessons. There was, however, one favourite teacher, although he did not pretend to instruct. Eynsford had taken up his quarters at the Magpie Inn, at St. Ruth. That portrait took an unconscion able time in being painted, and it looked very much as if it was never going to be finished. To startwith, scores of sketches were taken of Miss Mary in all sorts of positions. Some with a hat, some without it, some head and shoulders only, others showing Ihe bust to the wait, some with the hair down, seme with it tied up, some with the eyes raised to the sky, others with them half closed dreamily, some smiling, some laughing, some serious. Maiy thought them all veiy pretty and clapped her hands in delight over each. Eynsford declared them all to be atrocious, and tore' them up', one after the other. All this passed while the Aelderman!? were still at the George I aud Dragon, aud then came that delightful time at I St. Ruth, when that lovely park and those heavenly j wild gardens afforded such delicious backgrounds. Then colours and brushes were brought into requisi tion, and it seemed as if Mi-. Eynsford would never make up his mind as to what background lie would choose — he tried so many before even making the siightest attempt to draw the figure. Oueglorious, niellowautumn a ftenioon Eynsford had plauted his easel facing a crumbling old wall glowing with every tint of warm russet showered and sprinkled over it by a profusion of Virginia creeper. Here and there a wave of soft green toned itstlf harmoniously into the rich browns and reds, whilst just enough of the dead, dark grey of the ancient wall was seen to afford a welcome contrast to the eye. A giant elm stretched its mighty branches above the ruined bit of masonry, and between its dark foliage the greyish blue of speckless sky slioi e cold. Eynsford had decided that Miss Maiy's portrait should be full length, and he had sketched it with one little foot placed on a broken stone, and leaning with one arm on a grey, worm-eaten post which pro jected from the brickwork. From the free left hand dangled, by its silk ribbons, a large straw hat, and she looked saucily upon the spectator from under neath her golden curls. Never had artist been engaged upon a more grati fying labour of love, and the painter's whole soul glowed in his work. Mary was far from being a good-tempered or prac tical model. There was no position which did ur.-t fatigue her, and none in which she would remain for more than a minute together. Scores of times and more she threatened to discontinue the sittings altogether. Several times she actually ran away, but re turned on each occasion repentant, and as nearly obedient as she could at any one time be. It was per fectly natural and no more than what could be ex pected that Mary soon perceived that Eynsford was head over ears iu love with her. There is no girl ,-o young or inexperienced — philosophers and blue stocking morah'sts notwithstanding — as to remain blind for any length of time to the attentions of an anxious suitor. Mary first of all thought Eynsford very nice, and she liked to know that he was fond of her. Accordingly she plagued and teased him, and. without being in the slightest bit a flirt, it amused her at the oddest times to open upon him with all the batteries of her charms. Eynsford liad told her that her hands were perfect models, that her little rosy finger-nails might be envied by a queen, and she took care £a exhibit them in all their tantalising beauty whenever her fickle mind ran that way. Gradually she came to think that it pleased her to know that shepleased Eynsford, and with that thought her volatile manner took just a trifle of a more serious turn. As time were on, Mary came to look upon these sittings as upon the most enjoyable function of her day, and one morning when it rained heavily and the artist failedin his appointment, she felt thather own life was as dull aud leaden as the sky. She had not, before that, confessed to herself that she cared for Eynsford, but, as she looked through the rain bespatterred panes upon the cloud-wrapped landscape, she felt that the painter's absence left a void 111 her existence which could only be filled by Eynsford him self. Her childish tricks became less frequent, and an unconscious maidenly reserve crept over Miss Mary's previously rough-and-tumble manner. O11 that lovely autu,iin afternoon Mary was as happy to know herself in Eynsford's society as he was in hers. There are probably no two meu, and certainly 1:0 two women, in the world who entertain the same idea in regard to a love-scene. Most men have made love in their time, and all women have been made love to ; but what appears ridiculous to one, another looks upon as poetic, and what one young lady would stig matise as forward another would deem charming. I therefore leave the reader to draw for himself or herself the picture of Eynsford, anxious, hope ful, daring more than he had intended, aud of Mary, demure aud coy, actually remaining iu the same posi tion for at least tluee minutes at a time, Eynsf ord's passion gleaming in his eyes and nearly welling to his lips, whilst Miss Aelderman, in the most bewitching of poses, and making a brave show of unconscious naivete, listened placidly to the compliments which rippled from her admirer. Full half a dozen times during that maddening aftemoou Eynsford was upon the point of throwing palette, mahlstick, and brushes upon the grass, and of putting his arm round Mary's dapper waist, vowing that he loved her, and that he would never lovo another. As many times a something that he could not describe restrained him. He had a horror of appearing foolish or conceited, and. to tell the truth, he was not over sure that Mary M'ould receive bis declaration in anything like serious earnest. Sl.e was but a child after all iu years, and, in comparison with hers, his age of five-aud-twenty seemed to him that of a patriarch. Thus it came that, though neither spoke a word on the subject nearest to their hearts, both understood each other's thoughts perfectly. After tea that evening — a late dinner was as yet unknown at St. Ruth— Mary stole on tiptoe behind her mother's chair, and then, swinging herself round on one arm, knelt down by Mrs. Aelderman's side. ' Mother,' she asked, with a perplexed uncertainty trembling in her voice, ' is it very wrong to be fond of a man?' 'What a curious question!' exclaimed Mrs. Aelderman. ' What has put such an idea into your little head, my child?' ' I want to know, mother,' continued Mary. Her daughter's serious tone astonished the old lady. She looked upon Mary as a sort of frivolous baby, a young madcap, and she would have been no more surprised to hear her daughter asking for the ex planation of a problem in algebra than she was over the question now put to her. ' It depends who the man is, my dear,' she replied. Maiy nestled closer to her mother, and, looking away out through the open window, placed her head in her mother's lap, and took the latter's hands in her own. ' If he is very nice, and very land, and very good, what then ?' she asked. Mrs. Aelderman's surprise increased with the pro gress of the interrogation. ' Of whom are you speaking, dear?' she inquired. 'Surely not' — and Mary, raising herself, looked straight into her mother's eyes — ' surely not Mr. Eynsford ?' Miss Aelderman for all answer nodded — her eyes gleaming their brightest— and then buried her face in her mother's hands. ' Well, my child,' said Mrs. Aeldehnan quietly, ' it is my fault ; I ought to have known it. I ought to have known that this would be the probable result of your sittings. Does Mr. Eynsford know of this V' 'I can't say,' the young lady answered tremu lously. ' Has he spoken to you ?' ' About what, mother dear ? ' ' What a silly child you are ! Has he never told you that he loves you veiy much ?' ' No, mother.' 'No?' asked Mrs. Aelderman surprisedly. ' Ts he fond of you r' Mary again nedded, with assurance beaming in her eyes. ' Oh, you are sure ? ' Aelderman asked. Another satisfied nod of Mary's curly head. ' Well, my child, I must turn this over in my mind. I have only oue desire in this world ; that is to see you happy. You are still too young to think of such things ; but if Mr. Eynsford should speak to you ou this subject, ask him to come and see me.' The reader will be able to trace the mighty progress Mary had made in civilisation and manner of speech. The rough diamond was fast becoming polished. There is no better teacher than the little god Cupid. ( On that same evening liyusford was sitting in the f little garden at the back of the Magpie Inn, puffing 18 grey clouds from his cigar, and debating with himself j|£ nftcr the manner of Hamlet's soliloquy, but with a different subject for the basis of his doubt, ('tne slioi t name kept ringing in his ears, — Mary. One face kept peering at him from the oddest corners, teasing him, laughing at him— one incomparably pretty face Mary's. The curls of blue smoke wreathing in the air became a hazy curtain, and through them, a pair of bright eyes twinkled at him, a pair of red lips pouted at him — Mary's. He pretended, for a moment, to be in a temper with liiniseli. ' I'll end this folly,' he said to himself, ' and go back to London. Luskersleigh won't do, it's too near. Besides that, I wouldn't hare the cheek, after staying away so long. No, I'll go to London. I'll go to London to-morrow.' All this while in his heart of hearts he had no more intention of going to London than he liad of journey ing to Sirius. He was perfectly aware that, if lie had travelled to London in the morning he would have commenced the return journey during the following night. In the midst of his debates withliiraself lie noticed that he was not alone m the garden, for, seated on a cider barrel at the end of the skittle alley, lie saw a gentle man in a plain grey tweed travelling suit, and n grey wide-awake, swinging i.:_ ; ? i- ? A £ ? HIS leg 3 lUiALiU A1U. J_Lt3 was a simple-looking gentleman, not much more than Eynsford's own age, fair, with a little curly moustache, aud good- humourcdly twinkling brownish - grey eyes. He was broad -shouldered and broad- chested, but slim in the waist, and, in spite of a certain ladi da manner, he had a general appearance of being able to take care of himself. He was playing with a big un couth St. Bernard puppy belonging to the inn, and now aud then cast a glance in Eyns ford's direction. He gave a cheery ' good afternoon ' when lie saw the artist was look ing towards liim. ' Good afternoon.' replied Eynsford, not being at all displeased to find somebody who would take him away from his own thoughts. ?' Staying here ?' 'Yes,' drawled the stranger. 'I've been here a couple of days already.' ' It's a pleasant neighbourhood,' said Eynsford, ' and the weather is lovely. Is it business or pleasure tliat brings you?'' The stranger looked at the artist with a curious self-satisfied expression about his face. 'Business,' he re plied curtly. ?' Oh ! ' exclaimed Osc.nr. ' With Mr. Aelderman, I sup pose r' ? The stranger peered around the place as if he were afraid of being overheard. 'I don't know yet,' he replied. ' It may be, and it mayn't be. But I would like to have a word or two with you on the quiet.' ' That you shall, with pleasure,' replied Eynsford with a slight laugh ; ' aud if you like you can have it now.' The stranger gave another searching look around the place to assure himself that they were alone. 'I don't want it to be known,' he said quietly, ' who I am, nor what I'm here f or— at least not just at present ; and when I've told you you'll agree with me. My name is Ford — Samuel Ford— and, though I mayn't look it, I'm a sergeant in the Criminal Inves tigation Department of the Metropolitan Police. And, if you don't mind, I should like to have two or three words with yon about this cap, which, I'm told, be longs to you.' With that he pulled from his pocket the sailor's cap which Eynsford had bought for sixpence from Reu ben. CHAPTER Yin. Eynsford felt the colour fading from his cheek as Mr. Sergeant' Ford carelessly tossed the cap to him. A comfortless feeling of uneasiness, a sense of horrible doubt, crept over him, and he could only stammer the ' How do you come 1 y this ?' The sergeant replied by a dry chuckle. ' How did I come by this ?' he exclaimed. 'Simple enough. This 'ere puppy has been playing with it half the afternoon, and he and I have had a rare game with it. Let me tell you, Mr. Eynsford — I know that's your name, because ! always ask and find out — that it was just one of my flukes to look in the inside of that cap. I know it ain't yours, aud you must have got it from somewhere. Now, please open your chest, and let us know all about it. It can't make any difference to you.' The painter had not the slightest idea what bearing he finding of that cip might have upon anybody he knew, but he had always fancied that it was porten tous of mischief to Samson. Any misfortune that befell the lat tar would rebound upon Mary, and Mary was his world, his all. Ever since he had possessed himself of that cap he had regretted his bargain. He felt as if he were the unconscious keeper of an awful secret.. He had first of all thought of destroying the thing, burning it, or cutting it up, but his sense of honesty drove that idea from his mind. He had locked it up carefully in his valise, but now he remem bered that this very day, in looking for a brush which he required, hp turned his goods and chattels on to his table, which was standing by the open window. He also remembered that, being late for liis appointment with Mary, lie had rushed away without replacing his property. The window was only about three feet from the ground, and the cap had either fallen out or been pulled down by the puppy. A moment's reflection told Eynsford that it would be absolutely useless to conceal what he knew. What he thought, what he feared, was quite a different matter. ' Do you connect anything serious with this thing?' he asked. 'Well,' answered Mr. Ford, 'T don't travel all the way to Devonshire to buy sugar-plums or candies, as a general rule, and as a general rule when I go anywhere I've got something to go for. But, if you please, Mr. Eynsford, all in good time. So far you've , been questioning me. Suppose you were just to try and answer a question of mine. I've told you how I got this thing. Now, allow me to suggest to you that it would interest me to know liow you've come by it?' | ' I bought it,' answered tlie artist, with uneasy ' hesitation. ' Bought it ?' queried the detective. 'Yes. bought it.' answered Eynsford, in a voice TWO'S COMPANY, which betrayedjannoyance mingled with doubt. 'I bought it for sixpence.' Mr. Sergeant Ford gave a slow whistle. ' Oh, you bought it,' he exclaimed dryly. 'Funny, isn't it ? Whom did you buy it from ?' Eynsford sat himself down on a heavy three-legged stool. ' Since this is going to be a real cross- examination, he said, with au attempt at a smile which was a dismal failure, ' I may just as well make myself comfortable.' ' Quite so,' replied the detective, not in the least disconcerted by the interruption. 'From whom did . you buy this cap ?' ' From a fisher lad called Reuben.' ' The young man that's taking care of the George and Dragon at Wiaylish for Samson Aelderman !' ' The eame.' Mr. Sergeant Ford gave another whistle, this time a longer and shriller one than before. ' And where was this young Reuben when you bought the cap from liim?' he asked. ' Sitting on a stile on the turnpike, about three miles from here.' . ' You are sure you didn't get it at the mn r ' Quite sure.' '? This is very important, ' enjoined the dctective gravely, ?' and 1 want you to remember exactly. You are sure you didn't get this cap at the inn?' ' Quite sure,' answered Eynsford drily. ' And did Reuben tell you how he got it?-' j ' He said he found it in some hawthorn bushes not j far from the cliff.'' j The detective whistled again. j ' And would you think me impertinent if I asked ' your reason for buying this cap ?' 'No reason that I know of,' answered Eynsford ?with an air of nonchalance which was well assumed j this time. ' A fancy, a freak ; anything you like. I . The lad was twiddling it about, and I tossed him six- j pence for it.' ' I shall have to go and talk to Master Reuben,' j said Mr. Sergeant Ford quietly, ' and I suppose you j aren't going away from here just yet, in case I should j want to speak to you again. You don't mind me keeping this?' he added, putting the cap in his ! pocket. ' It ain't no use to you, aud it may be a lot . of value to me.' j He jumped lightly from the cider barrel ou which | he had been sitting, and made a movement to go away. Eynsford stopped him. 'I have told you all I know,' he said, 'without reserve, and I have taken your word that you are what you sav you are. Now, in return, would it be indiscreet on your part to tell me what you know, and what all this inquiry is about ?' ! ' Well,' drawled Mr. Sergeant Ford, twilling his little moustache, ' i* would be rather indiscreet on my part just now, an-l you would not be much the wiser. In my profession, Mr. Eynsford, there are two things that make a successful man— luck, and knowing how to hold one's tongue — and, so far, Mr. Eynsford, I have been a successful man. The moment I feel that I can tell you, I will. I owe you that much, at least, for the service you have rendered me. And liow you will do me another by keeping this business between ourselves. You can do no good by tilking about it ' — here the sergeant's eyes twinkled mischievously, and he gave a knowing nod of the head. ' 1 On the contrary, you might do a lot of harm, because few people like it to be known that one of us is on their tracks. So I'll take the liberty and say good evening to you, and hope soon to see you again.' With that he walked out of the little garden, leaving Eynsford seated on his stool in a state of mind ! difficult to describe. _ _ | The artist earnestly believed the verdict of the coroner's jury to have been a just and true one. bur lie was bound to admit to himself that the whole business was open to a doubt. Samson's slow and stolid manner, his lazy, phlegmatic habits, liis mode of life, the man's whole being, proclaimed him as in capable of the crime of murder. Aud. yet, what was the reason of that detective's presence in St. Ruth and of his inquiries, if it were not that somebody, some authority, suspected Mary's father ? Even au uuproveu charge of murder would bring misery, distress, aud days and weeks of horror into that household. Eynsford racked his brain in doubt as to what he should do, what course he should pursue. He argued with himself that no murder, in cold blood at least, was ever committed without a reason and without a sufii ciently weighty reason. Now in this case, the crime, if crime there was, would have been perfectly pur poseless. Robbery could not have beeu its object, for there never was a 'man less desirous of earthly posses sions than Samson. Revenge, there never was a man so slow of thought, so kindly of heart. The big hurly fellow would not have willingly hurt a fly, of that'lie was sure, trebly sure. What did it all mean then ? Twilight had come upon liim, and the balmy autumn night was astir with quiet life. The num or gay voices reached him from the inn parlour, and some way down the road a villager returning home carolled a stave of a quaint country song. Just at the edge of the horizon a broad streak of reddish golden iire remained as the last sign of the sun that had already set. Eynsford, nervous and comfortless with his cold doubts and fears, yearned for in vigorating movement, and, having ordered a. horse to be saddled, li-; rode helter - skeltar down the turnpike which, a couple of miles farther on, joined the road to Wraylish. He had told the ostler that, for aught he knew, he might ho away until morning. He had made up his mind to pass the night at the George and Dragon. A faint glim mer of a hope per suaded him that he there would learn something which would allay his uneasiness. The lights of the inhabited portion of the Abbey of St. Ruth twinkled gaily between \- the trees as lie passed. He thought of Mary — his Mary, for with a lover's assurance he could not imagine her another's, sitting by that big open window of the sitting room. Did her heart's yearn ings wander towards him, as his soul streamed towards her at that moment ? Who knew ? He thought he did and, in that con templation of possi - bility, found momentary happiness. On, on, at a headlong gallop. Few wayfarers frequented that road after nightfall, except some belated farm labourer here and there, and these stepped aside in slow unin terested astonishment at the rider's furious pace. Eynsford had to moderate his speed ,i little when he reached the spot whez-e the road began to descend to the fishing village, and. when helping himself out of the saddle at the door of the George and Dragon, his good and willing horse was covered with foam and panted for breath. Reuben doffed his cap to liim with a pleasant and cheery ' Good evenin' to you, sir,' whilst the nondescript Martin led the horse to the stable. Eynsford entered the parlour and called for a jug of cider. The light in the room, in the absence of lamp or candles, was dim, and the corner, where the big high-backed oaken seat stood against thrs wall, was quite dark. The artist's already high strung nerves tingled and his beart beat a little faster when a voice, Samson's slow, deliberate voice, greeted him out of the gloom with a ' good evenin', sir.' It seemed nearly sepulchral to Eynsford. In the faint, uncertain light he could just see a pair of long legs and a pair of big boots stretching out from the oaken seat, all the rets was black. A minute or two afterwards Reuben brought a big old-fashioned, lsrass lamp, and fastened it to au iron chain which, hung from the centre of the ceiling. The yellow smeary flare in the middle, the dull darkness creeping over the sides, the quaint solid furniture, the great hooded fireplace witli the copper utensils piled on the shelf, made a scene which Ostade or Rembrandt might have painted. ' Whilst Eynsford sat emptying his jug, a grey bearded sunburnt fisherman entered the place, and, walking straight up to Samson, took the latter's hand and pressed it nervously. Two big tears ran down the old man's cheek, and he looked as if trying to speak, but choked by emotion. ' I can't say nowt,' he blustered out at last.' 'Thee an' me have had quarrels, an' thee beest th' last man in the world as I'd reckoned on a kindness from. I wur wrcng years agone. An' now thee comest in my trouble an' savest me. God bless thee, I can say no more, God bless thee and thine.' The tears welled from the man's eyes. He wrung Samson's hand, and rushed out into the night. 'And this is the man,' said Eynsford to himself, whom for a moment I thought capable of a dastardly crime. God forgive me for it. It is a sin. It is an outrage. Then he thought of the detective. He suspected Samson that was nearly sure. He suspected Sam- . son, and would drag him* to a prison-cell, to the gal lows perhaps. How many innocent persons were known to have died shameful deaths, 'protesting their innocence, and in spite of their later proved innocence. And in this way Samson was threatened now. But Miry' s father should not suffer if he could prevent it. Hs would set his wits to work and play the detective upon that detective. From that moment forward he was the unsuspecting Samson's unknown champion und defender, aud he fancied in his heart that he could espy Mary's bright eyes smiling at him appro vingly from a misty corner, and felt strong and con tent. When the time came, Reuben, with a big copper candlestick in his hand, showed Eynsford into the room which had been Mary's. It was, next to the family bedroom, the best chamber in the house ; and ulthough the lad occupied it when it was not required, he thought it only fit and proper to offer it to his guest. 'This wur Mary's room,' Reuben said 'afore die went to the Abbey.' '? Miss Aelderman'6?' enquired Eynsford. 4 ; Ay, ay,' replied Reuben. 44 I've been sleepin' iu it siuce,' and with that he set down the candlestick and left the room. To Eynsford the lad's words appeared like the acknowledgment of sacrilege. He felt annoyed on learning that this lout had stretched his long legs on the chair where she whom he loved had often reclined. He looked round the room, and in the sparse light examined the different articles of furniture. That little mahogany framed mirror against the wall. How often had Mary gazed into that and beheld her own pretty, smiling face?' That half broken porcelain vase on the mantelpiece. How often had she filled it with flowers ? It looked so forlorn now in its empti ness. and he contemplated it as a pictureof himself without Mary. He was tired and excited. He dreamed while he was still half awake, and he un dressed himself and went to bed, and fell asleep ere he had finished his dreams. The suu already stood high on the horizon when he awoke, and the slow life of the village gave evidence of its existence in the shouts of the fishermen as they passed, and the shrill Smalltalk of the women. It soon relapsed into its normal quiet, however, and Eynsford opened the window of liis room to admit the refreshing morning breeze. Then he went downstairs and partook of a hearty breakfast. He was undeci ded whether to return to St. Ruth, or to stay at Wraylish in the hope of obtaining some information which might assist him in his self-imposed task. He strolled out into the garden at the back of the inn, and without knowing what he was doing he crossed the orchard and climbed up the cliff, as he had done on the morning after his first arrival at the George aud Dragon. The log on which he had seated himself 011 that, to him, 60 fateful summer morning was still there. Out at sea a wall of faint opal mist shrouded the dis tant horizon, but nearer to land a streak of motherof jjearlish sheen danced upon the waves with all the hues of brittle cinque-cento glass. He could see, dark and rugged amid the greyish silvery waves, the con geries of rocks where, on that evening, he had espied the burly figure of Samson. The scene recalled the man ana his movements to his memory. On a sudden he pictured him as he had appeared at the edge of the cliff about half a mile from the spot where the artist then was sitting. What had he been doing, wading about among those rocks, and why did he climb the cliff that morning, and disappear again so suddenly ? An anxious and feverish uncertainty settled on Eyns ford's mind. He rose and walked across the meadows to the place where he had seen Samson appear at the edge of the cliff and vanish again, as if by magic. He looked down upon the rocks below and upon the sea, churning there lazily in pearly foam. There was nothing to guide him. If the place had its secrets it was as dumb as the grave itself which a man might find there. Eynsford turned and leisurely walked inland. The newly-mown field was rough aud uneven, but it showed no trace of footsteps or mark of man's pas sage. Suddenly the painter stopped stock still. A cluster of hawthorn bushes formed the edge of the meadow. A terrible, an awful idea shot through Eynsford's mind. Tins, he ha^little doubt, was the spot where Reuben had found that cap, and — Great XJodi was it possible— had Samson placed it there ? The -horrible doubt overmastered liis nerves, and lie sat down by the edge of the meadow with his brain on a whirl, and holding his head between his hot and feverish hands. In spite of the morning sun he felt numb and cold as the excitement left him, and his half -dazed mind began to realise the possible upshot of his fancied dis covery. 'It is only a fancy, after all,' he said to himself, 'and why should I imagine such a thing? Iam - more suspicious than that detective. Oscar, you're a fool, aud you come very near being a knave for beiug so unjust to that good man.' WiCh that his train of thoughts took a more cheer ful turn. He 6hook himself, and walked back with blithe and elastic step to the cliff side, whence he had come. Reuben was working in the garden, selecting aud plucking cabbages for the midday meal. Eynsford seated himself on a green-painted rustic bench, and called the lad, who came to him. ' You weren't called at 'that inquest ?' the artist asked. ' No, sir,' was the short reply. ' How was that?' ' Don't know, sir.' ' But wasn't it you who took that sailor to Samson ?' ' Yes, I wur him.' ' But why didn't they call you then?' Eynsford nquired. The lad with his bundle of cabbages under his arm * azily shook his head. ' How be I to know? It beaut none o1 my busi ness.' And he made a movement to go away. Eyns ford stopped him. 'Just wait a moment,' he said ; 'I want to ask you a question or two.' ' Ay, ay, sir,' exclaimed the lad ; ' but I be in a hurry. That there 'Martin haint no more use than a black beetle. It be hasdona lad when he'6 got to pluck cabbidges, an' cook 'em too, and wait on' customers, ana Martin not liftin' so much as a finger for to clean a brass candlestick. That's why I be in hurry, sir.' ' Never mind that,' enjoined Eynsford, ' but listen to me. Samson seemed to be on friendly terms with that stranger ; didn't he ?' ?'Not as I reckon, sir,' replied the lad uncon cernedly. ' What do you mean?' exclaimed the painter. ' What do you mean by 4 not as I reckon, sir1 ?' ' What I mgan be just this,' replied the lad, 'that Sainsou wurn'toverpleased to see 'un.' Eynsford had risen, and his face was white. ' Explain yourself,' he said, with a deadly quiet. ?' Tell me exactly what you saw, and what they said.' Reuben put down his bundle of cabbages, and, placing one big foot on the bench from which Eyns ford had just risen, tapped his hands against one another as if trying to find the proper words. ' It wur just like this,' he said. ' Thesailor chap he says to I, 4 Can you show I whur's Samson ? ' an' I savs, 4 1 can.' An' I taak 'un to whur Samson wur lyui'. An', the sailor he shakes Samson, 'cos he wur asleep. And TSamson he jumps up and he looks that skeared— I just tell thee he did look skeared. An* he . says, ' Great God, is it thee ? ' An' the sailor he says, 4 Yes, it be I. Send that lad away, I want to speak with thee.' Ajnd SamEon he looked more skeared than ever, an' he sent I away, an' that's all I know.' Eynsford clutched the lad br tli*- shoulder. His grip was so strong and fierce that Reuben tried to escape with a little cry, but the artist took no notice of his movement. 4 4 Promise me,' he 6aid, with blanched lips — ' promise me that, whoever may ask, you will not breathe a word of this to a living soul. Promise me,' he repeated, nearly ferociously. ? The lad with frightened eyes nodded his head in assent, and Eynsford staggered back to his seat. CHAPTER IX. The motive— the motive for a crime — the motive for the crime of murder ! There it was. Fear— dread of something— of something to be concealed — of some thing impending, or of the revelation of something that had passed. Eynsford sat on that rustic seat shivering icily, 6taring out upon the currant and blackberry bushes iu front of him, with unconscious open eyes. Sud denly he jumped up and swung his arms, snapping his fingers. 44 1 am worse than a woman,' he said to himself. ' A lad tells me a tale, and I immediately put two and two together aud make a police-court story out of it. Don't I know the man ? He is about as capable of murdering a man as I am. Rubbish ! ' ' He entered the inn, and called for a mug of old ale. Having quaffed it, he strolled out, down the village street towards Wraylish beach. He walked 6lowly and unconcernedly with his eyes to the ground, lost in thought. The tide was its lowest at that moment, and the reddish -yellow sands stretched far and wide. Eynsford trundled along with slow short steps, look ing neither to the right nor to the left, until he came to the spot where the headland turned, and beyond that where the path to St. ltuth climbed in its tor tuous course up the cliff. Years and years ago some great piles had beeu driven into the sand there, probably with the inten-: tion of forming a landing-place or shelter for boats, with some slighter posts here and there intervening ? between the broad stumps. Dark grey, rotting planks stretched between these, connecting some, and quite a wealth of tiny shells had been washed against them by the action of the sea, and formed a softly sloping bank. Eynsford had been so abstracted in his thoughts that he came upon the ruined structure before he was aware of its presence. He very nearly kicked against it with his foot, and on seeing it he perceived also Samson. The lord of St. Ruth was crouching against the wave-broken landing place, sitting on his haunches, with his knees drawn nearly to his chin, and his arms encircling his legs. He was gazing vacantly in front of him, quite unaware that his solitude had been dis turbed. His eyes were wide open, but he seemed neither to see nor to hear. 44 1 didn't do it,' he muttered half aloud. ' Who see me do it ? Who says I did r' TTik clasped hands shook in glacial emotion. 44 How did he get there ?' he continued. ' How be I to knew ? What be he to I ? What do he want to come to I for ? I didn't do it — I didn't.' Then he looked up into the blue vacancy before him, and a tender, sorrowful expression came over his face. 44 Poor Mildred!' he whispered. 44 Poor Mary!' The soft gleam vanished from his face as quickly as it had come, and he set his teeth hard, muttering, 44 1 didn't do it. I didn't do it.' Eynsford stood riveted to the spot by an inde scribable, uudefinable attraction. He drank in every word ; he feasted on every expression of Samson's face. His heart was thumping against his ribs. He felt guilty— shame-faced. He had meanly stood by, perhaps not hoping, but yet thinking it possible that the man crouching there would betray some dreadful secret. He thought himself a sneak. He -had re mained there while that man's heartmost thoughts poured from his unconsciously babbling lips. But what had he heard? What had he discovered? Words of pity for those whom the man loved, and a denial of guilt bearing such a 6 tamp of truth as is seldom given to man as a hallmark of his assertion. He despised himself for the moment for having thus surprised Samson, aud he thanked his God for having granted him thus to surprise him. He felt strong in the knowledge which he fondly hoped and earnestly thought he had acquired. His course was clear now, and they might pile Ossa uppn Pelion without moving him from his purpose. He stole away on tiptoe. The softly resisting sand draped his footfall, and his departure was more noise less than his approach. He looked back several times, but soon the turn of the land hid the tumbledown landing place and Samson from his view. Half au hour afterwards he was ambling along the road to St. Ruth, not with a light heart, perhaps, but still strong in the assurance of the justice of the cause he had espoused. He dreaded to think of what might have happened if he had felt himself bound to look upon Mary's father as an assassiu. The idea drew \- for him the picture of a hell so black, so un speakable, so unfathomable, that he ca6t it from his mind with a cold shudder. No crime of Mary's father stood be tween his love and hers. Their cojirse would be smooth, and in that he felt happy. But he would speak to Mary, he would ask her to be his. If she accepted him— and his fingers tingled and his cheeks glowed at the thought — he would have the right to protect those whom she loved. Samson, unsuspecting, guileless, the simplest of men, un tutored 111 his speech, unguarded in bis expression, was but a plaything iu the hands of a man like Ser geant Ford, who might twist his words into meanings for which they were never intended and forge a thun derbolt of accusation out of harmless phrases. He would.have to circumvent the possibility of such an occurrence. In the midst of this story of doubts and fears there is one person whose appearance must always be pleasant to the reader, aud that is Miss Mary. We will leave Eynsford riding back to St. Ruth to rumi nate about Samson's guilfor innocence aud to ponder about the ways and means of storming the citadel of Mary's heart and compelling it to submission, and we will' find Mary Aelderman parading the §hadywalk which led to the ruined wall where she habitually sat to ISynsford for her portrait, wafbling as blithely as a bird, skipping after a belated autumn butterfly, and swinging that large straw hat of hers by its ribbons. In spite of all this gaiety of spirit, Miss Mary was pouting. Miss Mary owned a little watch, a weeny marvel of mechanism in a jewelled gold case ; the goldsmith from Exeter had vowed there was not another like it in the world, and he had charged a hundred and fifty per cent, of the real value of the article for that vow. This minute timepiece, the exactitude of which was warranted for two years, told Miss Mary that Eynsford was at least four minutes late. The fourminutes grew to five, they expanded tosix, and — was it not shameful ? — they stretched to eight, and still no sign of the defaulting artist. Then the little hands of the watch proved a delay of ten minutes, and Miss Mary, becoming impatient, vowed to herself she would not wait any longer for Eynsford. That resolve was barely registered when the young lady concluded that she would extend the period of her sufferings. She would wait two minutes more, and, if the ungallant young man did not then put in an appearance, she would go away, and she ' would never, never, never, never sit to hiifc again. I hardly know whether Mary deserved praise or blame for it, but the two minutes passed, and then two more, and then two others, and yet two more, aud she was still on that same spot, stamping the ground with the toes of one little foiot, swinging her hat, and disconcolately breaking' out into short snatches of songs, not one of which she completed. Patienee had its reward at last. No holy friar's face ever appeared more repentant than Eynsford's did when Maiy saw it. It was a pale face, an anxious face, and his speech was troubled, and he was not at all like himself. He stammered a commonplace excuse ? which was nnexctise. mid lie appeared aTs«?nt -minded. , He could not find his paints, nor his brushes, and things seemed to be wrong altogether. The day before he had painted a sunbeam falling through the boughs of the tree overhead on to Mary's face. He had thought it, and Mary had thought it, an excellent idea. Now he considered it out of place, and set to work to paint it out. _ , Mary, whose feather-brain was never at a stand still, felt Eynsford's manner like a weight of lead dragging on her spirits, and she was quite glad when the artist threw down his brushes, and exclaimed, with an air of weariness : ' I hope you will excuse me, Miss Aelderman, but 1 am not in a humour for work to-day. I shall feel brighter to-morrow, and, if you will grant me the favour, I suggest that we take a walk.' \- Miss Mary was extremely pleased by the proposal. To sit still for any length of time iu any one place was always a bother, while moving was equally grateful. The afternoon sun was peeping slyly through the trees, and speckled the broad moss-grown walk with blotches of amber and gold. A thousand daisies twinkled from the sward between the trees, and in the thicket close by a thrush made the air melodious. By the wayside a border of royal fern traced itself gracefully and dark against a small thicket of wild maidenhair and hart's-tongue, with just a buttercup and a harebell standing out here and there. But for the feathered songster's voice all was silent here — a forest Arcadia' ~ with Mary for 'its attendant shepherdess, and Eyns ford for the faithful swain. The artist's spirits seemed to revive, and his gaiety to return, as they strolled along. ' Have you any idea where we are going to, Miss Aelderman?' he asked. 'I have never followed this path to the end.' ' Neither have I,' the young lady answered; ' but it can't take us very far, for the sea is not more than a mile from here.' ' The sea on a bright autumn day is as pleasant a spectacle as any,' said Eynsford. 'Suppose we take ' I don't mind,' answered the young lady, 'and, as you don't mind, we're both of the same mind.' The park extended at this point right up to the cliff edge with the density of a forest, and the vast expanse of silvery sea aud blue sky burst upon the two young people as by magic. They had been walking, chatting about this and that, about the new furniture for this room or that, about the colour of a new dress which Mary had ordered, about the decoration of the ceiling of the great hall, about the quaint carving of the oak balus trade of the new staircase, about the fuuuy old coach man and the funnier groom, about Mary's own pony, and about the lovely saddle — about anything and everything, in fact, except the one object nearest to Eynsford's heart, Mary herself. He had made up his mind that, whatever might befall Samson, he would not live without the hope that Mary might be his. The winsome little rainy had twined herself into his beiug, and reason, judgment, and cold world calcu lation wcradead entities when her name cast its magic spell over him. He had intended, to be her suitor if she were rich aud happy ; it was only manly and honest to stand by her side when danger threatened. And what had she done — poor, gaudy , daylight moth — that the night of misfortune should altogether brush away the bloom of light and joy aud hope? It had not come to that yet, and it might never come to that ; but, whatever the upshot, he vowed to himself that it should not change him. They sat down in the high dry grass by the edge of the cliff. Some miles to the east of them the Turk's Head stood, a mass of reddish -brown against the greenish -grey sea., Wraylish, its cliff and its beach, were invisible to them, being hidden by a turn of the shore. Out at sea a few white sails moved lazily with a gentle breeze. An unusual mood of quietness had fallen over Miss Mary. She sat twirling a little cambric handker chief, and now and then biting the end of it, and looked out upon the sea, apparently unconscious of her com panion's presence. The latter pulled out a cigar-case and a match-box, and asked permission to smoke. ' Smoke ! ' exclaimed Miss Mary ; ' of course you can smoke. I like smoke, and immediately relapsed into her reverie. Now I must tell the truth about Miss Mary and con fess to the reader that the young lady was simply playing a cemedy part. Miss Aelderman, who had her little wits about her quite as much as any young lady of her age, surmised that the artist's absentminded ness was caused by her own personal attractions. She speedily put two and two together, and came to the conclusion that Eynsford had not suggested this walk in the solitude for the sole purpose of gazing upon the sea. Her little fingers itched with pleasant excitement, and it seemed to her as if Eynsford had suddenly been struck dumb and was never going to begin. Surely he did not expect her to make advances to him. ' You've never been to London, Miss Aelderman ?' the absent minded one suddenly burst out. Mary turned upon him peevishly : ' No, Mr. Evnsford, I nave not.' ' I suppose you intend to go there next winter? ' enquired the artist. I don't know whether I intend to go there, or whether I don't,' the young lady replied, throwing her hat into the air and catching it again. ' But wouldn't you like 'to go there?' Eynsford persisted. ' I haven't the least idea,' Miss Mary answered rather tartly. The young lady hated to be bored, and London was one of her particular bores. Everybody had been asking her every day formontlis past whether she didn't desire to go to London. The repeti tion of the question began to weary her, and here was Eynsford guilty of a like offence. The artist perceived that he was not progressing favourably, and he roused himself to his task. ' I beg your pardon, Miss Aelderman,' he said, 44 but I hardly know what I'm saying. I have brought you here on purpose to be able to say a few words to you, and, now I am here, I am at a loss how to express myself.' Mary sat with averted face. She felt a crimson glow rise to her cheek and descend over her neck. The hat which had been whirring in wild circles a moment before lay peacefully upon the grass. It was coming then, it was coining, and he was going to speak to her at last. Eynsford bent forward, endeavouring to look into her face, and his fingers touched the little hand that lay beside him. 'Miss Aelderman,' he said, 44 you are pretty. Some Tna.n must have told you before to-day that he was very fond of you.' His speech was so soft and ' his voice so musical that it rang like a sweet chime in Mary's ear. She was silent, and for a moment she was quiet, abso lutely quiet. Then, still with averted face, but with out withdrawing her hand, which the young man's fingers were pressing gently, she shook her head and whispered: u No. Nobody ever told me that.' ' He clutched her little hand, and endeavoured to draw her towards him. She resisted shyly. ' Then I will tell you so now,' he breathed into her ear. 44 1 am very, very fond of you. I have been so from the first moment I saw you. Look at me, Mary, mv dear. I will never change. Will you be my wife?' 'Mary never knew what possessed her at that moment. Some unspeakably droll idea had flashed across her mind ; that was the only way she could ex plain it. She jumped up with a peal of ringing, mocking laughter, and faced the artist with the ques tion : ' Whaat about Miss Hayle ?' This in the broadest Devonshire— in just the gamine style habitual to her months ago before the process of civilisation had set in. Maiy had never altogether lost her country twang. Her speech had become grammatical enough, but the sonorous rustic music chimed through it prill at time?. For months past, however, not a syllable had escaped her to approach this in its ruial roundness. Eynsford rose in amazement. If he had been struck by an arrow he could not have felt more hurt. ' Miss Hayle?' he exclaimed in wonderment. ' Miss Hayle ? Why do you ask about Miss Hayle ?' Mary's words had no sooner died upon her lips than she felt sorry, so sorry, so unspeakably sorry, but how to undo them with anything like maidenly reserve she knew not. She felt in a humour to bite off her tongue for having played such a trick upon her. What must Eynsford tlunk of her ? 41 Why — I thawt ' — she stammered, and the rustic twaug remained, and was not to be shaken off — ' I thawt' — grammar and all its rule3 had flown into thin air as well — ' as you an' she was to be man an' wife.'.' The hat went whirring round again — at a furious pace this time. She would have given her little fingers for courcge to tell him that she never meant what she said a few moments ago, and that she was heartily 6orry for it. ' Miss Hayle was never engaged to me.' Eynsford aford said with a nervous quiet whilst His throat ached as if pricked by pin- points, and his speedi be came hoarse: 'I have been a great deal in Mits Hayle's company, aud I have found her a most estim able lady. But not the woman whom I would choose to be my wife. I assure you, Miss Aelderman, not the woman I would make my wife.' There was such a depth of pleading in his voice, such a ring of persuading truth, that the flighty little heart was touched. Miss Mary held out her little hand, and the artist rushed upon it and kissed its rosy tips. ' Does this mean ?' he asked in an excited whisper — 'does this mean ? ? ' Mary silently nodded her head, and he drew her to his bosom. ' My darling !' he exclaimed. The rest shall be silence! I will draw the veil of discretion over that picture of happiness. 'Shall we go back to the Abbey?' Miss Mary asked, having recovered both her knowledge of gram mar and her purer English. She nestled close to him and laying her head against his breast, looked up into his eyes. . ' I want to tell mother,' she whispered. Eynsford put his arm around her waist. 14 1 want to be there — if I may — when you do tell her,' he said, and the two happy lovers, thus linked, strolled back along the shady forest path forgetful of all the world, its miseries and its tremours — of all except their own great joy. CHAPTER X. When Eynsford returned to the Magpie Inn that afternoon he found Mr. Sergeant Ford sitting on the horse trough outside, evidently in the pleasautest of humours. Mr. Sergeant Ford was snoking a short briar root pipe, and whittling with his knife at a black lead pencil which must have been of considerable length before he started ou it, for the little cedar brown chips were lying in profusion all over the stones at his feet. He greeted the artist with a nod of the head and a smile. ' Been to Wraylish ? ' he asked. Eynsford looked at him for a moment in startled surprise. ' I have,' he replied. 'What made you think so ? ' 4- I saw you there,' the detective answered. ' I saw you there last night, and I 6aw you there this morning.' Eynsford's astonishment increased. 4* You were there last night and this morning ?' he enquired with anxiety written plainly on his features. ' Yes,' answered the sergeant. 'I and you had exactly the same idea. Ithought I'd have a look at those hawthorn bushes and so did you. Strange, isn't it ? ' Eynsford felt a ball rising to his tluoat. 44 Come now. Don't let us play at hide and seek, sergeant,' he said hoarsely, steeling his nerves aud recovering his composure by a desperate effort, ' You either want to say something to me or ycu don't. Let'6 go in the garden and have a drink.' ' I don't know as I've got anything to say,' answered Fork stolidly, and I don't know as I haven't. I'll think that over as I go. I was just going to propose a drink myself, so, if you pleaEe, I'll follow vou.' ' I'm going to make a proposal to you which you'll think funny as coming from me,' said the detective as they sat down at the end of the skittle alley, ' but you see, I do my work in my own way, and I find that I do very well by doing it after my own style. If you will give me your word of honour as a gen tleman, and I know that I can trust that, I'll make a bargain with you.' 44 You want my word of honour about what, and what is the bargain? ' Eynsford enquired with appa rent coolness. ' I want your word of honour,' replied Ford, bending forward and tapping on Eynsford's knee at every sentence, 44 that you will not reveal what I may tell you to any living soul, not even to Miss Mary Aelderman.' At these words he looked straight into Eynsford's eyes. 44 And not even for Miss Maiy Ael derman's sake.' Eynsford felt nettled by the detective's familiarity with his inmost thoughts. He bit his lips, and re plied hoarsely : ' And suppose I don't give my word of honour ?' 44 Well, then,' Ford answered coldly, ' there'll be no bargain, and I .shan't tell you anything, aud you won't be able to split. That's all.' 44 That's all,' echoed Eynsford mechanicallv. ' That's all as far as you are concerned,' the ser geant answered. 44 As far as I am concerned,' said the artist in the driest commonplace possible, but with his mind evi dently miles away, ' but what about you and other people ?' ' Oh, that'squite another matter!' exclaimed the detective. 44 The business must take its course, and quicklv, too, because I haven't got much time to spare/' His eyes met Eynsford's at that moment, aud the artist shivered beneath that cold searching gaze. 'The business must take its course!' he repeated inquiringly. This time his eyes travelled all over the detective's face, as if they would wrest from it the secret hidden there. Ford never moved a muscle, and might have been made of marble. He answered neither by a sign nor a word. 4 4 And I suppose it's an unpleasant business?' asked Eynsford, as though he were doubtful of the reply. ''Well !' exclaimed the detective, stroking the hair at the back of his head with his right haud, 44 when one of us is concerned in a case it is generally un - pleasant for somebody. And it's just because in this case I don't want to be unpleasant, and want to do my duty at the same time, that I ask you to make that bargain with me.' The jocular banter had died out of his speech, aud the last words were spoken nearly tremulously aud earnestly. They carried conviction to Eynsford, aud the latter rose and held out his hand. 44 1 give you my word of honour,'' he said, ' I think I can trust you.' The sergeant took the proffered hand and re plied: 44 You can.' The words were simple, but the ac companying look set a seal of candour upon them. The sergeant looked at his watch. 44 Let me see. It is nearly 5 o'clock now,' he said ' twisting his little curled moustache between the fore finger and thumb of his left hand, 44 and you have seen Miss Mary already to-day, and won't want to go back to the Abbey before dinner.' He looked for a moment at Eynsford, but the latter seemed to take no notice. ' Y'u will have plenty of time.' fnctiiiucd Ford, ' to take a short walk with me just to the end of that field where we can be by ourselves.' ' Very well,' Eynsford replied* and the pair set out in the indicated direction. A stiff rail fence divided two fields. The detective sat himself on the top rail, aud the painter remained standing in front of him. 'Well!' exclaimed Eynsford, heaving a great sigh, when -they had thus settled themselves. 'Well,' repeated Ford. 'We'd better come to Hecuba at once. I have sufficient evidence to make it my duty,' here he looked again at Eynsford with those searching eyes of his, and paused for a moment, 'make it my duty, if I think it my duty ' — another 6hort pause and another look — ' to apply for a war rant against Samson Aelderman for the murder of Sebastian Borgo,' — he stopped for a second or two. Eynsford's face had gone white. 44 For the murder of Sebastian Borgo,' he repeated, 'a Maltese, and years ago a pal of Samson's.' Eynsford felt as if his blood were freezing during this speech, but he stood there for some moments silent and firm as a statue. ' Go ou, go on,' he said nervously at last, 44 I am listening. Sebastian Borgo, I suppose, is the man who was found drowned, and in relation to whom the coroner's jury returned a verdict of accidental death. You can't try a man twice for the same crime.' 'Oh, I beg your pardon,' retorted the detective. ' Master Aelderman has never been accused, and has never been tried ; aud if I thiuk it my duty I can apply for a warrant against him this day, and I know that upon the evidence I can bring any magistrate will grant a warrant.' 'Then, why do you eouie and ask to make a bar gain with me?' demanded Eynsford hoarsely. 'Because, to start with,' the detective answered, ' ' the man who was drowned was about the biggest blackguard that ever deserved hanging. A cut throat, a noted black- mailer, a thief, and a murderer. I didn't come here after Mr. Samson Aelderman. I was ferreting the whereabouts of Mister Sebastian Borgo, wheu his trail brought me here. He has cheated the hangman, that's all. This cap ' — he pulled the article from his pocket—' which he was wearing at the time of his death, he wore also when he shot the owner of the Belle Normande fishing sloop in a sailors' gaming hell which he kept in the Capecure at Boulogne iu a quarrel over a five-hundred franc cheat. You see these letters S. B. They stand for Sebastian Borgo. I had two murpers of English men down aga.ust Master Sebastian, and iu tracing liim here I came also across Master Aelderman and this cap. That's the maker's name and address, Hippo lyte Grosjeau, 117 Rue Faidherbe.' 'And why should Samson Aelderman wish to kill that man Borgo ?' Eynsford asked, with deadly quiet. ' Steady, steady, we're coming to it,' replied Ford. ' Mister Sebastian had a good-looking sister, a good-looking fiend of a sister, named Domiuica, like him born at Malta, and speaking English perfectly. Years ago she was tlie decoy in his gaming hell, but she's disappeared, aud nobody knows what s become of ner, aud ' — here the detective looked Eynsford straight m the face a^ain — 4 ' she used to call herself Mrs. Aelderman, Mrs. Samson Aelderman.' Eynsford staggered .as if he had been struck by a heaivy blow. 'Good God!' he exclaimed, pressing both hands to his forehead. 'Good God !' 'Yes,' retorted the sergeant drily, 'it is rather a stinget, isn't it?' Eynsford made a desperate effort to collect his straggling wits, and regained his composure. 'And I suppose you are going to apply for that warrant ?' he asked, in broken sentences. ' That depends if I think it my duty,' the detec tive answered. 44 Aud do you think it your duty?' was Eynsford'6 anxious query. ' That again depends whether or not you will make the bargain with me which I am about to propose to you.' 44 Well, the bargain ! The bargain !' the artist cried nervously. 'All right,' the detective replied. 'Here it is. I want a week to examine tbe beach, the rocks, the path, and the field after my own fashion, to make sure of my case for or against Aelderman-. I think the evidence as it stands would send him to penal servitude at any rate, but I don't feel sure that the man is guilty all the same.' 44 And yet you'd charge that man with murder ?' Eynsford cried. ' You see duty is duty, and it isn't my business to convict a man. I'm paid, to hunt out crime. And what I'm going to propose to you is this. If you will undertake not to lose sight of Mister Aelderman and to keep me informed of his whereabouts every six hours if he leaves this place, until I tell you to leave off, I won't apply for that warrant.' He hesitated for a moment and then added, ' At any rate I won't apply for it without telling you beforehand, and only if I can't help myself.' He paused for another in . staut and then continued, ' And I can tell you, Mr. Eynsford, that, if I can see a way of proving to myself that Samson Aelderman did not kill that scoundrel, I'll prove it to all the world.' He held out his hand in his turn, and with a deter mination visible in his features which inspired Eyns ford with confidence the painter shook the proffered haud warmly. ' It's a bargain,' he said. 'And now will you tell me,' he asked. 44 why you do this, for whose sake you do this, why you don't apply for that war rant immediately ? ' ' Well, I'll tell you,' the detective answered, with a strange softness in his voice. ' A man may be a detective and have a man's feelings after all. It isn't for that hulking Samson Aelderman, not for his sake. But you know that lovely whitehaired wife of his, and I suppose you know ail about her. Her brother was a captain in the Guards at Inkermau, and my father was a sergeant. And a great ugly Russian was going to make a hole through my father, and Captain St. Ruth, bless him, saved his life, and got the wound that toot him to his grave three months afterwards.' The man's voice trembled as he spoke. '?My poor old dad,' he continued, 'is dead and gone now, and on his dying bed he bid me to repay that service if I could. Ana if I can do it honestly, I'll save Aelderman's neck for his wife's sake ; I will, by Heaven.' He turned away for a moment and pre tended to blow his nose. ' Now you know as much as I do, Mr. Eynsford,' he said a moment afterwards. ' I've got to do my duty; that's one thing. But I won't do it unless I'm bound to, that I promise you.' CHAPTER XI. Master Reuben had not been altogether honest in his intercourse with Eynsford. He had never told the artist that he had, some time previously, vouch safed to Mr. Samuel Ford the identical information which he had given to Eynsford himself. To atone for his fault, iu great contrition of conscience, he re peated all he knew and all he had told to Samson, aud he pointed out to the latter the personality of Mr. Sergeant Ford during the detective's promenade on the cliff. 'That be he,' he said, 'him with the billycock and the grey trousers. He he that cheeky and that sharp spokeu that I can't make nowt of him.' ?' What do he want to come sneaking round to bother I for r' growled Samson. ' J ury said I didn't do it, and coroner said I didn't do it. What more do he want ? What do he- want to come asking ques tions of thee for ? Aud what do thee want to tell he for?' 'I couldn't help it,' retorted Reuben apologeti cally ; 'he comes to I aud says, 4 Where did thee get this cap from ?' and I say, 4 I don't know, Idon't remem ber;' and he says tome, 'I want a straightforward answer,' and I says, 4 Who may you be as you want a straightforward answer from me ?' and he says, 4 That hain't noue of thy business, my lad ; but I tell theo what, you tell I the truth or it will be the worse for i thee:' aud he looked that savage, and that threaten- 1 * ing, that I got afeared, and I didn't see that there were any harm in telling the truth, and I did tell 'un the truth.' 'And why did thee not come to me when you found the thing?' growled Samson. 44 1 would ha' given thee more than sixpence for it ; but it don't matter ; they caan't do nowt to me, because I didn't do it, and if you found the cap in the hawthorn bushes up on the cliff he can't have fallen in where I left 'un. You tell that to the billycock, and let liim turn that over in liis mind.' # He walked away sullenly, leaving his basin of milk untouched, and slouched out towards the beach, and sat himself down by the old broken-down landing place. Why couldn't they leave him alone ? He wanted nothing from anybody. He was rich, very rich. He had many times more money than the squire himself. What was the good of it to him i He wanted to be allowed to sleep on the sands in peace, to' have nothing and to be nothing, as he was before Sebastian Borgo shook him out of his sleep on that day. A tremor came over him and his teeth rattled, and he looked round with anxious, frightened eyes, as if he thought the hand of justice was already stretched out threateningly, and was about to tap him on the shoulder. Then he sank back in a half dazed wakefulness, where he saw nothing, and kept muttering to himself the two phrases : ' I didn't do it ! Who seed me do it ?' A couple of hours passed liked that. The sun ap proached the meridian. He looked round him dreamily with a hazy idea iu his mind that he was sick of the world and all the rest of it, that he would be happier if he were dead — dead, or anywhere, or anything — ouly away from this place where he had been so happy for so long, and where now all rest was denied to him, aud where they kept hunting aud chivying him, and would not leave him iu peace. He looked up, and at the top of the cliff, about a quarter of a mile from him, standing like a black silhouette against the sky, he saw Mr. Sergeant Ford. That sleuth-hound was after him again. Why did he not come aud take him if he had the right to take him, and have done with it? The thought roused him from his reverie, and he jumped up with such indig nation as in his stolid mind he could muster. ' I cau't stand this any longer,' he muttered. ' I can't stand it any longer. 1 can't be dogged and dodged about like this. I want my peace. I didn't do nothing, and they won't leave me alone.' He cast anxious glances about him, scanning the cliff above with burning eyes. Where was that man now ? That man who had come to disturb his solitude, and his quiet ? He tried to pierce the uneven um brage which edged the cliff for a sign of that black silhouette which had startled him before, but it was gone. He might he up there hidden in the herbage, or he might be gone away. Samson knew not. He started to climb up the cliff : he wanted to see, to know where that man had gone to, aud whether or no he were still tracking him, but after a moment or two's hesitation he retraced his steps slowly, deliberately, and sat himself down again on some low rocks, and played with the laver and the seaweed, and the blad aerack that grew about him, aud kicked shells and pieces of stone with his boots into the shallow, slimy water. ile was tired of all, he was tired of life — such as his life was at that moment at any .rate. The thought of Mildred, of Mary, crossed his mind, and his heart, uncouth and untutored as he was, turned in pitiful longing towards his wife and child. They knew not of nis trouble; they could not guess that he, the envied one of all men around, was so depres ed and dismayed. He felt a sluggard impulse to go to them and tell them all, but he was restrained by an inward fear. He dared not tell them ; better that he should go away and take his trouble with him. Away ! Where ? he asked himself, where ? He did not care. Ajiywhere, in any laud, as long as it was far enough away from that outstretched, vulture grip of justice which was threatening him. And then the apparition which ever and anon dark ened his daylight peace flashed upon him agaiu. That dark-haired woman, with her ruddy bronze face, and her luscious lips, and her tiger look, who had called herself Mrs. Aelderman. Was she Mrs. Aelderman ? Was Mildred, after all, at her mercy V He knew not. He had been quite a lad, not out of his teens, when one morning at Boulogne, after he had been drugged and cheated and robbed overnight, he woke from his poisoned sleep into consciousness, and he, who knew not what he liad done and what had passed, was told that he had married that woman with the flashing eyes and the diabolic smile. He believed it not, and he laughed at them, but they produced to him, who could not read, papers and documents, and said it was so, that he had married the woman duly in the presence of authorities, and he knew not whether it were true, but he gave them money, and they were glad to have it, and to promise never to come near him again. And they had left him alone, quite alone, aud in peace until that day wheu Sebastian Borgo came to him and roused him from his happy sleep, and told him that he was at his wits' ends, and that he wanted money, more money than Samson was able to give him just then. He thought he could hear the devilish, impish laughter of the she-panther ; her mocking words rang still in his ears, ana her Satanic beauty loomed in a fiercely glowing halo over his'd reaming eyes. He felt a glacial perspiration rolling from his brow. His teeth rattled, cold fingers seemed to grip his neck and choke him, and panting for breath he rose, but to sink down again in a silent terror. On a sudden a spark of energy such as he had never known before shook him aud roused him to something like an ap preciation of the things that ought to be. He would end this state of doubt, he said to himself, and at the same time put miles between himself and that fiend of the law who was stretching out his talons towards him. He would learn for once and for good whether Mildred had ought to fear, and, if there was aught, what it was. His boat was lying on the beach, and the tide was rolling towards it lazily, and the first splashes were spattering around the keel ; but at sea a low white mist hid the horizon edge, gleaming with a pearly sheenin the afternoonssu. The sea, rippling like awavy mirror, peaceful in its autumn music, stretched out beyond him, and seemed to promise a haven of rest beyond that dim and creamy haze. It seemed to call to him, 'Come, come.' There could not possibly be a more unimaginative man than Samson Aelder man, yet to his slow and stolid imagining of the moment, the waves that splashed euphoniously around the little vessel had a song of drowsy invitation which soothed his disturbed and nearly fever-awed mind. By the merest pressure of his, big body, and barely exerting his great 6trengtii, he pushed the boat into the shallow tide, and walked out with it until he was wading knee deep. Then he jumped in, and taking the oars pulled away lazily out towards the open, out towards the big 6ea, where he might be hidden from those who troubled him. aud from the horrid man above all. A pull of the lines and the trim sail swung round to the breeze, and the little ship scudded away before the wind like a swallow of the sea. He was going away. Whither? For the moment he knew not. And Mildred and Mary ! They would be better off without him, he argued. Years ago already, as he could neither read nor write, he had given his wife full and legal power of attorney to'aGr^ * for him in all matters. They would therefore want for nothing. The boat shot away over the white foam and the undulating green waves until he found himself in the midst of that stretch of mist, and the shore and Wray lish beach, and the cliff, and the houses, and the trees were wiped from his gaze. The sun above was shining, an orb of red fire, and away again to the south the haze was thinning. He put on all sail, and the vessel dashed on out to sea, until that wall of shore mist was passed and a clear waterway lay again before him. He lay down in the boat with his hand on the rud der, and his eyes gazing forward dreamily. That Dominica Borgo. He would find her and compel her to tell him the truth. It he were sure, quite sure, that no danger loomed anywhere for his wife, he did not care, he thought, at least he carednot much, about what became of himself. But who could tell him where to find her? He bethought himself of a chum of his early sailor days, when ne worked in the fish ing sloops that often took him to French shores, of an English seafaring man who had married a French woman and who, years ago, he knew was living at Portel, near Boulogne. Yes, Thomas Floyd would tell him. Tom knew Dominica and that brute Sebas tian both, and he might help him on with advice, if with nothing else. It was over a hundred miles from Wraylish to Cher bourg. That he knew. And it was nigh on three hundred miles to Boulogne. The sea was smooth, the wind fair and brisk, his little boat stout in its tiny vigour. A big jar of whiskey, some biscuits and other food, aud a keg of water were stowed away in it. In his old-fashioned leather bag he carried over eighty golden sovereigns. To Portel he would go. All that afternoon, all that night, and all the fol lowing day he sailed along the route which he knew well. The sun had already set, and the electric light was flashing at the mouth of the Canche when he passed the estuaiy. It was near miduight when the red lights of Cap Alprech proved to him that he was approaching the ancient Fort de l'Heurt, and he could see the lamps of the village of Portel gleaming on the cliff above. He pulled in towards the land and drew his boat high up on the soft sands, heedless and unmindful of the consequences of his breach, of landing regula tion, aud with no terror of custom-house officers and coastguards disturbing his mind. He had not slept all through his journey, but, having filled his flask and assured himself of a plentiful supply of tobacco, he left his vessel where she lay and started to walk more briskly than he had long been accustomed to to wards the old fishing village. He had not seen Portel for over twenty years, but the old place, at least the lower part of it, had not changed for one hundred years or more, much less iu the space of time during which Samson had not visited it. The little one-storeyed fishermen's cottages still lined the steep streets, and, though it was past the hour at which all reasonable people were supposed to be in bed, women still sat knitting aud chattering in front of their little houses, and men were smoking their pipes and talking in half -hushed voices about things which concerned them. Now and then a peal of laughter, feminine and shrill, startled the drowsy hum which reached the ear'. Samson was well acquainted with the topography of the place, and walked straight to the end of the street where twenty years ago Thomas Floyd lived in happy, newly - married comfort. Being a seafaring man, and ha ving every look of a sailor, he was greeted with cheery salutations from the fisher folk through whom he passed, and although he did not understand their language he knew what they meant well, aud re turned a 'Thank'ee, sir,' or a 'Much obliged, ma'am,' right aud left, not dreaming that he him self was not understood. At the door of Tom Floyd's cottage he stopped. A buxom, round- faced, motherly woman in a blue woollen gown, and with a red hand kerchief across her shoulders, was sitting there smoking a cigarette like any man. Samson doffed his cap aud smiled. He thought he knew the face. He asked in his best Devonshire : 'Might yoo be as good as to tell ine, ma'am, where I can find Tom Floyd ?' The woman grinned pleasantly and nodded, aud said something he could not comprehend, and seeing that he did not understand her brought a wooden stool and pointed to it, asking him to be seated. Then she pointed away in the direction of the upper town and smiled, and nodded her head again, and made a motion by drawiug her pointed finger outward aud back to her face again, as if indicating that somebody would be coming. 'Oh,' said Samson, stretching his long legs, 'he bain't in, is he? And, since you are so kind, I will wait?' The woman smiled again, and again he could not fathom her speech, but he knew by her expression that the man whom he was seeking would not be long away, and so it happened. A few minutes afterwards a tail, tliiu, bony, sinewy, grey-bearded man, dressed in fisherman's garb, came with slovenly gait down the hill. He saw Samson before the latter w as aware of his presence, and stood before him with eyes wide open and a perplexing smile on liis face. 'Nom d'unepipe!' he exclaimed. 'It's Samson Aelderman. On, Jerusalem! Dieu et Dieu, what brings you here?' Samson rose slowly aud held out his broad hand. 44 It be thee, Tom, and no mistake, though you do speak an outlandish lingo.' ' Well, I never !' cried the old fisherman ; 44 who thought of seeing you here? You've grown old, mon vieux.' 44 You baint got lio younger neither, Tom,' re torted Samson. 44 Twenty vears do make a difference with a maan. I've come all the way from Wraylish on purpose to see thee, Tom.' 4' A la bonne heure !' rejoined the fisherman. 'If there's anything I can do for thee, you can rely on me, Samson, as much as you ever could twenty-five years agonfe.' 44 That be all right, Tom', Samson went on in his slow and stolid manner. *'I doan't want nothin' from thee that will cost you a copper. I want you to tell me something, that's all.' 44Tant mieux,' said the other; 14 if it's anything I know and can tell thee, thee'll be welcome.' 44 1 want thee to tell I,' continued Samson in his same even tone of voice, 44 if you know where I can find that woman, the sister of Sebastian that kept the gambling shop in Boolone.' His speech became more broken as he went on, and a slight tFemor pervaded it, and he looked in front of him as he spoke, Btaring out towards the starlit open where the faint crescent of the moon and the myriads of golden specks glimmered above the mur muring sea. 44 Sebastian's sister, Dominica?' replied the other. 44 She's gone away years agoue. I don't know where she is now. Sebastian kept a place in the Capecure up to a few months ago, but lie's disappeared, and nobody knows what's become of him.' Samson's eyes were still fixed towards the sweeping starry horizon, and he rubbed his heavy boot up and down against the round pebbles of the side walk. 44 1 particularly want to know where she is. If you can tell I, Tom, you would render I a service,' he said, 'a great service.' ' Ce n'est pas tree facile,' the fisherman, replied in his mixture of languages. 44 She'6 gone away so long. I know she went to Italy, to a place between Genoa and Nice. I don't remember the name myself, but if you'll wait a moment I think there is an old envelope upstairs on which Sebastian himself has wrote the address for me about seven or eight years agone.' He stepped aside and entered the cottage, leaving his wife to continue the conversation by signs with his newly -found guest. The buxom lady was nearly as voluble with her fingers and her hands as she could have been with her tongue. She explained to Samson that it was a beautiful night, as clearly aB if she had spoken in a language which he could have understood, 'ishe asked him whether he would have something to drink in the same manner; and, as he.understood the sign and nodded an affirmative, she followed her husband within doors, and soon reappeared with a great jug full of the small beer of the country. Samson, who was thirsty, quaffed a big draught; though accustomed as he was to the good, fine home-brewed of Devonshire, he vowed it very small beer indeed, yet he was thankful for the kindli ness with which it was offerred. Floyd returned in tw o or three minutes and brought a greasy and creased envelope on which were written the words 44 Dominica Borgo, Caffe de la Strada Fer rata, Porto Carle tto.' Samson turned the scrap of paper over and over in his hands and scratched his head. 'I can't read, you know, 'said Sam sou; ' what docs it all mean ? Tell me.' Floyd spelled the address to him. 44 And now be a man to get to the place ? ' Samson asked again. 44 By the railway to Marseilles,' returned the other, 44 and then you can go by steamer or by rail again.' Here was a further difficulty to jionder over. 44 That be all very well for thee,' Samson growled despondingly, 44 but how be I to do it, who can't speak no foreign lingoes ? I wish you would ccme with me fur enough to see me well on the road at any rate.' 44 Here,' he said, as an idea unusually brilliant for so slow a man as himself occurred to liim. ' I've got about ninety pounds here.' He pulled out his old leather bag. 44 I'll give thee half that, if thee'llt see me on a ship that will take me straight to the place.' Forty-five pounds were a huge sum to dangle before the poor Portel fisherman's eyes, and he could earn them in a few weeks at the outside. A whole season's takings might not amount to as much. 1 lio old Anglo-Frenchman looked at Samson doubtfully for a moment. 44 Dost really mean it ? ' he asked at last. ' Of course I do,' Samson replied, 'fee lue through this, and bring I to a ship tliat will tako me to the place, and thee shalt have half of what's here.' 44 Merci, mille fois merci, mon ami,' exclaimed the other joyfully. ' It's a bargain, Samson, it's a bar gain ! ' He held out his big brown hand, and Samson gripped it and shook it. That night Samson's sleep was less disturbed than it had been for weeks past. The mattress on the floor in the tiny back room of the fisherman's cottage brought him more comfort than the great four-poster in the Abbey at St. Ruth had afforded hiin. He was on the road towards the solution of his difficulty. He felt easier in his mind through it, and the figure of that dark woman with the flashing eyes seemed no longer so threatening. There was still that dreadful man with the billycock hat on the Wraylish cliff, but Wraylish cliff was so very far away. CHAPTER XII. It was early November, but the noonday sun shoue fiercely from a cloudless sky of a deep, clear, pure blue. The softly rippling waves of the shallow sea reflected the hue of the heavens, and the shell and quartz bed of the waters that glowed beneath them, with all the tints of emerald, sapphire, topaz, and turquoise. Along the shore, dotted with rows of palms, a dozen or so of pink or yellow painted and bright green blinded houses formed the outposts of a small lishhig town lying a little further inland on the banks of the stream that came rushing down from the mountains, clear and pellucid as liquid crystal aud cold as the snow from which it was born. A. pretty little town was Porto Carletto. The Franciscan monks who had founded that monastery, still gleaming white amid the grey green olives of the hillside, and who centuries ago had attracted the Piedmontese fishermen to build a little town by the shore, had known how to choose a spot favoured by God beyond many others. In this loveliest part of lovely Italy, along the babuy northern shore of the Mediterranean, mau might find a paradise of dolce far niente, and pass his days happy and forgotten by all the world and its troubles. Porto Carletto, as its name implied, owned a little harbour. Half-a- dozen fishing smacks rode proudly iu it at anchor, and there, about once a mouth, a small coasting steamer called to collect a cargo of fruit, vegetables, and country produce. The masts of the fishing boats nearly touched the eucalyptuses, palms, and fig trees by which the quays were lined. The fisherman with their gay sashes, the brown- faced women in their striped frocks, the unkempt, bare footed, sunburnt urchins with their red Fhiygian caps, were so many 6pots of bright colour glowing with the truth of the great artist Nature, amidst that gorgeous harmony of greens. At the top of the short flight of harbour stairs a painted wooden image of the Madonna stood oil a gilded crescent, enniched in a shrine of blue aud silver stars. At the foot of it, on a greyish white marble bench, sat a portly monk of the Order of St. Francis. His good-natured, round, bearded face, with its twinkling greyish eyes, was that of a son of Erin rather than of Piedmont. He was counting the beads of his rosary while saying his prayers, nodding affably all the while to the women as they went chattering past, and to the men, who doffed their caps to him iu ready obeisauce. Just in front of him three or four sailors v.ere coming ashore from the steamer. All went their way up towards the town, talking and gesticulating alter the manner of the Southrons, all except one. He was a big, burly fellow with a tanned face, and with a. beard and close cropped hair of clivers shades of light brown and reddish auburn. He waa dics^ed in a sailor's serge jacket and trousers, and wore an Eng lish sailor's cap. For a few minutes he stood looking about him with a puzzled air ; then, with his hands iu his pockets, he strolled up to the Franciscan, and asked iu broad Devonshire : 44 Thee doant speak English, I s'pose The monk looked up with a pleasant smile. 'Inglese?' he said. 44 No, no. No Inglese.' He shook nis head to emphasise each negative. The reader has already guessed that the big sailor was Samson Aelderman. The burly one stood for awhile scratching his head. Then he pulled a torn and time and thumb soiled envelope from his pocket, and, after turning it over once or twice in a nonplussed manner, he held it out to the monk. The latter, who had ceased iu his devotions, nodded his head in the blandest of smiles. He said, 4 'Si, si, si,' and handed the envelope back to its owner. It was now Samson's turn to try such limited powers of acting as were at their disposal. His pantomime of the question, 44 Where is it?' was worthy of a mime of the most extravagant Italian school, and the good-humoured monk, divining with ready wit the interrogator's intention, rose, and pointed along the mam road of the little town. 44 Sempre diretto,' he said, and he rubbed his beard trying'to discover an expression which should convey his meaning. Then he pulled out a pencil aud drew on the smooth marble of the seat two straight lints running parallel with one another. ' Strada.' he said, and he pointed to the street in front of him. Samsou nodded his head in token of uudcrstauding. The monk stooped and drew two other lines, parallel to each other as before, but running diagonally across; the other two near their further end. ' Strada f errata,' he said. Seeing that this ex pression. conveyed no meaning to Samson, he ex claimed, 44 Chemin de fer.' He imitated with blown, out cheeks the puffing of a railway locomotive, aud moved each closed fist in a circle by his side iu imita tion of the turning of a wheel. 44 Oh, I see,' exclaimed Samson. 44 It's a railway crossin'.' And he in his turn imitated the Francis can's imitations. 44 Bene, benissime,' cried the latter delighted at being so well understood. He stooped, and just at one of the angles of the crossing he filled iu a big round black blotch. 44 Qui,' he said pointing proudly to the mark. Samson again nodded to show that he had under stood. 44 Thank you, sir,' he said, and walked leisurely in the direction indicated by the monk, It was a quaint street, even among Italian- streets, that single main street of Porto Carletto. 'J Le brightly distembered houses with their gay frescre?, the verandahs with their iron scroll -work, tl;e striped awn ings and the green window blinds were all so different from what one might see in England. But the town. r ' in addition to that, bore the unmistakable stamjv&f;?- the artistic instincts of its mediaeval founders. The marble fountain from which the populace drew iro-t of its water was surmounted by a group of tritons and mennaids not unworthy of a place in a museum, and the oleanders, and palms, and cactuses shaded many - a quaint Renaissance carving. It was a business street 1 in the Italian sense of the word, where it means just so ( much work as onecan well do without fatiguing himself. The shop-keepers were idling at their doors, men were playing c;uds, dice, aud dominos in the two cafes which were open to the street, and in one place two fishermen were dancing with two darkeyedlasses to the Btrains of a Pan's pipe played by a comrade. J The burly Englishinanattracted no little attention as he strolled! along the street, and the two girls ceased in their measure to gape at the handsome, strange giant. Samson grinned at them all pleasantly, and walked on. The houses became sparser aud simpler in their con struction as lie went along. Then they ceased alto gether, ami for a distance of over a mile he walked between the low grey stone walls of two vast olive orchards. These were succeeded by fields where vines trailed from fruit tree to fruit tree, and Samson came upon the railway as it crossed through one of these. Quite by the side of the railway stood a small, yellow-painted, low, red roofed building. There was but one story, but the place seemed to have doors enough for half a dozen houses. It appeared to make some pretence of being a place of public resort, for the word ' Cait'e ' stared the traveller iu the face. Samson strolled up to one of the doors and looked in. Two men, sun-burnt, black moustachoed, scowl faced fellows, were jabbering and chattering at the top of their voices over a game of cards. One of them, the taller of the two, had an ugly scar running across his face, and he looked the sort of man who would murder a fellow creature for the sake of a shilling. A trim-built, lithe, dark-haired woman, dressed iu a blue cotton frock, with a red handkerchief round her neck and great round gold rings in her ears, stood with her arms akimbo, her back turned to the door, watching the men's game. She turned round sharply as Samson entered, and showed a face which most probably was fiendishly beautiful eighteen or twenty years before, and which still retained the passionate glitter of the dark eyes. She stared at Samson curiously, looking him over from top to toe as he sat himself down lazily on one of the rough woodeu benches. The two men stopped in their game and scowled at the Englishman. Then the woman asked Samson, in Italian, what he wanted. ' It be she, au' 110 mistake,' said Samson to liim seif, fixing- his regard intently on her. Then he added aloud, 'I'm not mistook. That's Dominica Borgo.' The woman glared at him for a moment. She drew herself up proudly. ' I know you now,' she said iu English. 'You are Samson. Samson Aelderman. ' ' Tliat be quite light,' replied Samson quietly. ' ' It's took me a long while to hunt thee up, an' now I've found thee I want a word or two with thee on the quiet.' The woman stood dumb for the space of a few seconds. Her glance travelled all over Aelderman as; if she were undecided upon her course of action. Then she burst iuto a peal of laughter. 'Oil, you've been looking 'for me,' she 6aid. ' ' Corpo di Bacco ! Why didn't you let me know ? I should have been so glad to see you.' Taking a seat in front of Samson she held out her hand to him. ' We will have something to drink,' she said. ' ' Do you pref or wine or brandy ?' ' ' Thank you,' he replied, ' I doan't want nothin', but thee canst have 'what thee likest.' With that he pulled out a handful of silver, amid which a few louis shone yellow, and threw a five franc piece on the table. The woman's eyes gloated greedily over the coins as they rattled from Samson's band back into his pocket. The two men had been sitting quietly, and Dominica shot a subtle glance towards them. ' Have what you like,' said Samson, ' and invite thy friends as well.' One of the men rose at a sign from the woman. He took two bottles from the shelf and drew their corks without saying a word. One of these he placed on the table where Samson sat, and the other in front of himself and the second man. Having brought glasses he took his seat again as before. The woman poured out the liquid, and having barely set the glass to her lips, pushed the other to Samson. 'Drink,' she said. 'It's good old wine, and you must be thirsty.' She turned a shifty look towards the men at the table, and the taller of the two nodded. He was about to say something when she crossed to him swiftly and whispered in Italian, ' ' Be careful. I don't know whether he understands our language or not.' Then, without moving a muscle of her face, she went back to Samson and seated herself again opposite to him. \- ' I want to ask thee a question,' said Samson when she liad returned to him. ' Va bene,' she muttered, moving her head in assent. ' I want thee to tell I,' continued Samson, ' straight an' plain if thee art my -wife, or if thee beaut.' The woman burst out in a mocking laugh. ' What fun !' she said. ' What fun! After all these years. Come,' she added pushing the glass towards Samson. ' Drink. It is good.' ' No,' replied Samson stolidly, 'not much. I did di ink with thee once at Boolone, an' it wur after that when I wur told tliat I'd married thee. Art thee my w.fe? Yes or 110.' She looked at him strangely, and her glance turned towards the two men who were moving their hands underneath their table. Thenlooking SamBon straight in the face, and smiling her brightest, she said in the in 1st commonplace manner possible: ' Bandito inaleditto.' ' Eh ?' asked Samson with a puzzled air. ' He doesn't understand us,' she muttered sideways ii: Italian. ' He lias lots of. money, butlmustget him t«.' drink.' 'Why doan't thee answer?' Samson asked im j atiently. ' I want a plain yes or no. Art thee my v. il'e or no ?' She turned to him coquettishly. ' You exasperating man,' she said, ' what matters it if I am your wife or not. I have never asked you for anything, I have never troubled you. Come, let us be friends and drink a glass together.' Samson pushed back the proffered glass. ' Why canst thee not say yea or nay. I don't want thy drink.' 'But friends should drink when they meet, and you and I are friends— old friends— surely.' She 'smiled at him with all the charm her coal-black eyes were still capable of, and held out her hand. He took no notice of either her manner or her move ment. TTis brow darkened, and an air of slow im patience settled on his face. ' Friends be damned,' he said gruffly, ' I want to know if I am thy husband, yea or nay. She leaned back on her chan for a second or two. Then with a lithe and sinuous movement die rose, swinging a handkerchief in her right haud, and turn ing twice or thrice upon her right heel. 'He won't drink,' she muttered in Italian while she faced the two men during one turn. ' He has lots of money,' she added during the second turn. ' What is to be done *r' she asked during the third. 'Pick a quarrel with him,' replied the taller man in the same quiet undertone. With a bare whisper of 'Bene' she returned to her seat. Had a person stood behind the two men at that moment he would have seen them testing the edges of a big knife and carefully examining a revol ver. 'Well, art thee a goin' to tell I, or bain' t thee ?' asked Samson sternly. ' Am I thy husband, yea or 110 r' 'You. my husband!' she retorted with a savage sv.cr. ' You ! I want a man— a thing of flesh and hi not o block of stone.' At these words, which sounded like the beginning )f a quarrel, the two men rose. Samson looked towards them warily for a moment, then asked jalrnly, pausing between each word. ' Am — I — thy husband — yea — or nay ?' She replied by a question : ' Who 6aid that I was your wife ?' ' Thy brother said so,' he answered. Dominica's mocking laughter rang through the room. ' Ah, Sebastian ? He is good at that,' she cried. ' That is how he makes his money by telling lies and frightening people with them. I am not your wife. He has lied to you, aud I only hope he got a lot of money from you for his lies.' Samson took no notice of her strange excited tone. ' He got 110 money from I,' he said without moving his face or his glance. She scowled at him while the two men 6tood grinding their teeth, each with his right hand behind his back. 'And why did he get no money from you ?' she asked furiously. Even Samson's unsuspicious nature was aroused to the fact that he was iu dangerous company, and that a quarrel was being forced on him. He rose and stood with his hands in his pockets. He fixed his eyes upon the woman, and said slowly : ' Because dead men doan't wantno money.' The look of alarm and rage in the woman's face was not assumed this time. She gnashed her teeth in silent auger, aud clenched her fists. ' You murdered him, I suppose ?' she hissed. ' No, I didn't,' replied Samson iu a perfectly even voice. 'We wur in a little cave, an' he threatheued I, an' I weut for he. An' he ran out to get away from I, 'cos I wur savage, an' it 'ould ha' been baad fur he. An' he stumbled, an' fell over the cliff down into the sea, an' he wur drowned.' The woman's bosom heaved in suppressed anger. ' You lie !' she said. ' You he, you English cur ! You murdered him !' She was not acting then. ' He has killed my brother ! ' she cried, iu Italian. ' He has killed your friend Sebastian. Kill liim ! Kill him ! Kill him ! ' The smaller man, knife iu hand, made a step for ward, while the other vainly attempted to cock his revolver Samson seized a heavy three-legged stool which stood by his side and threw it at the men, who dodged it. He was about to grasp the bottle which 6tood on the table when the woman flew at him like a tigiess, and buried her finger-nails in his throat. ' Kill him ! Stab him ! Shoot him ! ' she cried. The little man had advanced stealthily, knife in hand, and had edged his way around Samson's right. The woman was still hanging on, dragging skin and flesh from Samson's throat and endeavouring to encircle his arms with hers. Aelderman flung her from him, and just as the.assassin struck at his back with the uplifted knife he caught the scoundrel's 'arm and wrested the weapon from him. With one grip of the iron fist he held him by the throat, and, grasping him with the other by the leg, he swung him wing and limb, and threw him like a bundle of rags into a corner, where he lay for a moment stunned and bleed ing. The second assassin was still pulling away at his revolver, and the woman stood panting, whilst tbe discomfited cutthroat wbo had felt the strength of the Englishman's brawny arms limped to the back of the room. ' You're a pair of cowards,' screamed the woman. 'A pair of useless cowards,' and she wrenched the revolver out of the man's hand. A flash and a sharp crash ! Samson, placing his hand to his breast, reeled for a moment, and then fell forward full length on to the floor. The afternoon was far advanced when the Fran ciscan who had indicated the road to Samson, passed in front of the little wayside cafe. Samson was still stretched motionless on the floor. He was lying on his back, and his pockets had been turned out. There was not another soul in the place. Everywhere were visible the marks of hasty flight. ' Maria, gratia plenissima !' exclaimed the good man. I sent the poor man to his death.' At that moment Aelderman opened his eyes, and a faint mutter of 'Water! water!' escaped from his lips. 'Ah, he is not dead,' the monk cried, rubbing his hands. 'These wicked people have not killed him. Ah, my friend, you are in my care now, and I have saved many a man who was in a worse plight than you.' CHAPTER XIII. Days and days passed before Samson awoke to con sciousness of his surroundings. When, at last, he was strong enough to be interested in the architectural arrangements around him, he found himself in a vast cheerful room with the Italian winter sunshine glow ing on the bare whitewashed walls. Right above his head hung a huge carved image of the crucified Saviour. Samson s scanty religious education had been decidedly antipapistic, and he looked upon the sorrowful face overhanging his eyes with feelings of mixed awe and disapproval. As the time wore on he came to appreciate the tender care which was being bestowed upon him. A kindly-faced monk sat by his bedside morning, noon, and eve. He brought him the simple fare of ripe luscious fruit, goat's mil lr j eggs, and coarse bread, of which all in that place partook. He smoothed his pillow for him before he went to sleep, and was found watching by his bedside whfen he awoke. Tenderly, gently, with the delicacy of touch that no woman could surpass, he tended Samson's wound, bathing it and bandaging it with skill and care. They were all so good aud so kind to him, those fatherly monks. They spoke to him in their own language, which was so strange to him, and he now and then addressed them in his own Devonshire. They shook their heads, smiling half sadly, half dis appointedly. . ' We must send for Brother Giovanni, the Superior said one evening. ' We can't keep the man without knowing what is to become of him when he gets well.' Brother Giovanni was at Nice, and the brotherhood was poor. Its members walked from place -to place when they were 6ent on missions of charity, trust, or piety. Nice was nigh on ninety kilometres away, and the Corniche road ran its mountainous course, steep and difficult, for nearly half the distance. ' He can be here in four days, perhaps in three,' the Brother Superior said. 'Brother Giovanni is young in years, and will be glad to do it for a country man's sake.' _ . One sunny morning, about a week afterwards, whilst the convent bell was tolling in its slow and measured chime, a new and pleasant face, appeared by Samson's bedside. A smoothly shaven face with square cheeks and brightly twinkling eyes, with broad, honest lips — a good, humble face. KnttiRfm watched with disinterested curiosity the newcomer bending over him. He noticed the little round tonsure on the monk's head, and thought it very funny. 'And what's the matther wid ye?' the new comer asked suddenly. ' And ye've been and got yerseli shot.' _ _ _ _ Samson sat bolt upright on his little bedstead. The questioner's question was so Irish in its form and dialect that even the slow mind of Samson awoke to a cumbrous sensation of being nearer home. ' They tried to kill me,' Samson said, ' an' they nearly did. I'd be dead an' gone if it wur not for these' good folk here.' ' Kape still,' the monk enjoined, 'an' loie quiet, an' we'll pull ye round in no toime. It's aftlier gettin' well ye are, an' that's jist the froth of it. Oi've come to kape ye company, an' ye've jist got to get well, that ye nave.' Samson felt as happy as a child with a new toy. Pain and its attendant weakness were forgotten. _ He had somebody whom he could thank for all the kind ness that was being shown to him, and he felt veiy i thankful indeed. , J The good brothers assured him that they required no gratitude, and that the best way in which he could thank them was to get on his legs as soon as possible. They troubled him by no idle question about himself, about liis origin, or his destination. Under tlieir kindly fostering care Satnson soon re covered his strength. He was allowed to sit in the great walled garden amid the olives, the fig trees and tie locust trees. Then, as time wore 011, he was allowed a walk on the sun -bathed hillside, aud his strength returned, and hishands, which liad been pale, and hisface, which had beeu thin, regainedtheir normal shape and colou*-. . One bright and warm winter morning— for it is bright and warm of tentimes in winter in that favoured Southern paradise— Brother Giovanni was going into Porte Carletto, aud Samson vowed that he was strong enough to accompany him. The good-natured Irish Franciscan consented, and the two strolled down the hillside until they came to the railway crossing. The red-roofed house was there, and the room in which Samson had received his wound was open , with new people waiting to receive new customers. Aelderman glanced into the room and turned away with a shudder. He heaved a big sigh of contentment a moment afterwards. ' Thauk God,' he muttered, ' she baint my wife. Thank God an' His mercies for that ! ' They strolled along between the fruit orchards and the olive orchards, and along the quaint street, where Brother Giovanni transacted some trivial everyday business. They passed the harbour with its shady quays, aud went by the river bank to the seashore, where the sun shone warm on the little pebbles, and where tlie blue waves rolled softly aud idly with the never-ceasing music of their vast expanse. A few boats lay there drawn up high and dry, and to Samson the scene, its warmth aud its quiet, were simply irresistible. He stretched himself full length on his back, aud with his cap over his eyes enjoyed the fragrant glory of the sunny day. Brother Giovanni seated himself by his side with amused nonchalance, heaping together little piles of pebbles and scattering them again. ' An' where moight ye be goin' to when ye lave here ? ' the monk asked suddenly. Samson never moved, nor did he raise his cap. 4 ' I doan't know, ' ' he said. ' ' I've got no money to go anywhere. I've got to wait until that steamer comes in again, an' perhaps they might take me as a hand.' ' But where do ye want to go to ? ' the friar asked. \-- Where do ye live ? Where's your home ? ' mif a minute elapsed before Samson answered. The cap still covered his face, aud he made no attempt to move it. ' I doan't want to go away,' he said at Inst. I doan't want to go anywhere— I'm very happy here.' 'But ye cau't stay here always,' the Franciscan insisted. ' They're too poor to kape ye. Ye got your livin' somehow before ye came here. It's a sailor ye are, aren't ye ? ' Samson said nothing in reply, but his cap bobbed up and down a little, and Brother Giovanni took that as an affirmative. ' Ye had better come back with me to Nice, ' the brother coutinued, ' when ye get well enough. There's ships there plenty, and English yachts. We'll walk it in three days.' . . Samson pulled himself up listlessly, and shook his cap to the back of his head. ' It's a longish bit o' way, baint it ? ' he asked. ' It'll us three days,' the monk answered. ' An I ain't got a copper,' Aelderman continued. The monk smiled. ' That's nothin',' he said. ' We'll take a loaf o' bread wid us, an' some figs, an' a big bottle o' milk, an' '—he lowered his vcice a little—' I've got a flask o' whisky — good old Coleraine, as was sint to me from Oireland. An' if we can't get along wid that I don't know what we cau.' About a week afterwards the Franciscan and Samson were trundling slowly along the hot and dusty Cornidhe-road between Mentone and Monte Carlo. A charitable priest of the French frontier town had stopped the pair on the road, and had in sisted on supplying them with some as yet undefined luxury of food wrapped in a newspaper. Samson was dragging hiniself lazily up the steep mountainous road, tired of walking, tired of carrying the parcel, tired of everything except his companion. They had reached the top of the outlying spur of the rnan'timp. Alps, which stretched into the sea that lay far down at their feet. Between them and the creamy white buildings of Monte Carlo hill and valley stretched in luxuriant green. Winter had no icy touch there. The air was warm and balmy, hot even to the men who had been toiling on the road all the morning. Samson on a sudden sat himself down on a stone by the roadside. ' I'mtired o' carryin' this parcel,' he 6aid. 'Let s eat it.' . . ' To the devil wid ye,' the monk rephed irreve rently. ' Faix, an' it's yourMiimier ye've been aitin' only a few hours ago.' , ' It be easier to carry it inside,' Samson said, and proceeded to unfold the newspaper apd to spread the contents upon the grass. A wing and a leg of a chicken, a couple of mighty chunks of cheese, some thfn cut ham, and some delicious-looking white bread stared Brother Giovanni in the face, and proved too much for his self-imposed asceticism. ' Ye do want to gormandise,' lie said. ' It's a sin to be aitin' when ye can do widout it.' He squatted down on the grass, nevertheless, and fell on to the provisions with the appetite worthy of a soldier who has been existing on short rations for months past. Chicken, cheese, ham, and bread soon disappeared under the combmed attack, and nothing remained to tell the fale of the Mentonese priest's charity but the newspaper, a recent copy of the Friar Giovanni ran up and down its columns whilst he was still munching his last crust. Suddenly he looked towards his companion. ' Ye say your name is Aelderman ?' he exclaimed. 'That be me,' Samson replied. ' There's an article in this paper,' the monk con tinued, ' about another Aelderman, an', bedad, it's the strangest story in this strange world.' ' What be it about?' asked Samson unconcern- j edly. ! ' I'll read it to ye,' the Franciscan answered, and proceeded to do so immediately. _ i The following was the paragraph upon which his eyes had lighted : — ' A most astounding discovery of enormous lodes of gold has been made in South Australia on land belong ing to the heir of the late David Aelderman, of Sydney. The auriferous tract stretches over miles of country, and comprises an amount of wealth at present un calculated and incalculable, but so altogether immense as to rival the fortunes of the Rothschilds and the Barings. Peculiar interest attaches to the case from the fact that the late David Aelderman bequeathed all his wealth, consisting of property worth over a mlllirm sterling, in addition to the find just made, to a brother in England. The latter disappeared about two months ago, and strenuous efforts are beiug made to discover his whereabouts.' ' What a pile o' money,' the monk added. 'Don't vou wish ye were that Aelderman ?' ' I don't know,' replied Samson stolidly. ' Don't know ?' repeated the Franciscan. 'Think of it. A million sovereigns. What would ye do if ye had a million sovereigns?' ' I would do what I be doing now,' Samson answered coldly, stretching himself full length on the grass. 'What's the good o' money? It can't buy happiness nohow. What 'ould thee -lo, if thee hadst that pile?' 'Oi!' exclaimed Brother Giovanni. 'What would Oi do if Oi had a million ? Oi'd build a church, and thin Oi'd build another. Oi know where there's a foine plot o' land. And Oi'd preach in it every day 1 in the week. Oi'd preach in the pair of 'em. What would Oi do if I had a million pound ? What wouldn't Oi do if Oi had a million pound r' He rattled on like that for a minute or more, and Samson listened to him without moving or uttering a sound. The Franciscan found, after a while, that tlie con versation was all one-sided, and that he had it all to himself. Samson lay on his back with his face covered by his cap and his handkerchief thrown over that. The kindly monk, knowing that they were within easy walking distance of their destination for that day, cared not to rouse him. Samson, however, was not asleep ; he was thinking. He had not often of late indulged in that exercise, but, for once, he gave way to it, and he was think ing- thinking of his wife, thinking of his child. Scenes and faces flashed back on his memory, in a panoramic procession of incidents near to his heart. Mildred and Mary— where were they now ? They thought him dead, perhaps— perhaps they were grieving for him as one for ever lost to them. He knew now that he, should he see his wife's kindly face again, would be able to look into it without a sense of burning shame. His so-called marriage with Dominica Borgo had been a sham, a trick to get money from him. The event had passed from his memory until Sebastian Borgo had conie to Wraylish to recall it. Sebastian Borgo had lied ; he knew that now. Then he saw himself as he sat, on that bright autumn day, against the ruined old landing-place on Wraylish beach. Some distance away, from the top 'of the cliff, that man in the grey suit was watching him,— watching him and leaving him no peace for his waking or sleeping moments. And he was so tired, so weary of it all — he who only wanted to be left alone, and to be harmed by and harm nobody. Ought he to go back and to face that man again ? He knew not. He had nobody whom he dared to ask for advice. Nobody ? Why, there was that good, that kind, that holy Franciscan monk, who had nursed him into health and strength, who had walked all the way from Nice to Porto Carletto to come to his aid, and who was now trudging back at his side to bear him_ company and to help him at the journey's end. It might he as well to ask Brother Giovanni's advice, and lie thought that, when they arrived at their journey's end, he would ask Brother Giovanni's advice. So much mental exercise fatigued Master Samson, and he fell fast asleep with his body hidden by a small plantation of young fig trees and giaut geraniums, and with only the broken and worn-out soles of his boots facing the passer- by on the road. Samson .might have slept like that for about a quarter of an hour when an elegantly appointed and well-horsed carriage came toiling over the top of the hill ou the road to Monte Carlo. It was driven by au English coachman, but an Italian servant sat by his side. . Three persons occupied the vehicle, two ladies and a gentleman. Both ladies were beautiful, one of them with a lovely sad face and silver white hair, the other voung, charming, and about as pretty as might be met with between Dover and Dunrobin. The gentle man was young aud good-looking, and his gaze never left the younger laay, who was sitting opposite to him. . ' That man isafool,' the latter suddenly exclaimed. ' He doesn't know the road more than Adam. We ought to have been in Monte Carlo an hour ago. I wish, Mr. Eynsford, you would ask somebody who kuows to direct us.' ' I would in a moment,' the gentleman replied, ' if I could get somebody to understand me. The people about here speak a patois which is comprehen sible to nobody but themselves:' ' I won't be dragged along the country roads just for this man's amusement,' the youug lady protested. ' I'll have a try myself. Would you mind telling me,' she asked, leaning out of the carriage, and beaming her brightest at Brother Giovanni, 'how far we are from Monte Carlo ? ' She had asked the question in English out of pure devilment, aud nobody was more surprised than she when the reply came back to her in her own tongue, or at least in that of the Sister Isle. ' Shure, Miss, an' ye can see it wid your own eyes. It's down there, it is. Them white houses ; an' that bigplace, that's the Casino.' The young lady stared at the monk with eyes wide open and a nonplussed air, then she bowed, and smiled, and spoke a sweet 'Thank you very much,' and the carriage rolled on at a trot just a6 Samson rose, half asleep still and rubbing his eyes. What had he heard ? What voice was that that so faintly rang in his ears ? It could not have been Mary's, and yet he somehow or other thought it was. Mary was so faraway, Mary and Mildred both. But there was a soft music in the voice of his child, un forgetable, unmistakable, soothing, healing, cheering, comforting. And he was so lonely at that moment, aud for the first time since he had left England he felt bitterly what it was to be alone in the world. He felt what a blessing his kind, his noble, his beautiful wife had beeu to him, and Mary, pretty, spoiled, mischiev ous, playful — he knew not, ne had -never known how how stoutly the little minv had twined herself around his heart, and how sadly he missed her. If all the world were against him, if all the world con demned him, if all the world pointed at him, rightly or wrongly, justly or unjustly, as a mis creant, a6 a man to be snutmed, they wTould cling to him , they would not misunderstand him, they would, not misjudge him, that- he felt with an assured certainty . He was looking out upon the verdant landscape around him, and at the pearling topaz blue sea that rolled lazily and foamed softly as it churned against the bottom of the rocks away down at his'feet. But. the landscape was distorted. There was a film of mois ture before his eyes, and he thought his sight was failing him. There was something that tickled his throat, and he had to cough, and then he fouud it absolutely necessary to blow his nose, and just one tear ran down his bronzed cheek. He wiped it away with the sleeve of his coat, and sat there for a while eilent and unthinking. He sat by the side of that fragrant and wild ge ranium, gazing about him abstractedly. He opened his lips twice or thrice, fully intent to ask the good monk a question about the people who had passed by, about their appearance, but he dared not. Brother Giovanni was lying at full length on the sward in his turn, and Samson was sitting with his body still hidden behind the perfumed bushes laden with their showers of red bloom, when he espied a man walking with rapid pace towards him from the mountain side. As the man approached Samson recognised the figure and the features, and his face turned a ghastly grey beneath its tan, for that way farer on tne Cormche-road, that traveller on the low mountains by th'e rippling Mediterranean, was the sleuth-hound who had pursued him, who had dogs;ea him, who had hunted him from his home, from his 'wife, from his child; who had driven him from St. Ruth and from Wraylish, to escape from whom he had fled from all he owned and from all he loved. Instinctively he «hrnnk further back behind the bushes which screened him already, and Mr. Sergeant Ford, coming on with a swinging pace, soon reached the point on the road opposite the little plantation. Brother Giovanni had fallen asleep, and lay snoring in the shade of a great eucalyptus toe, and Samson, looking towards the monk with haggard eyes, breathed more freely when he saw that the Franciscan's brown frock and sandalled feet were also hidden from the view of passers-by by the densely luxurious foliage. Ford evidently heard the noise proceeding frcm tlie sleeper, for he stonped for a second undecidedly , a,1~ Samson, crouching in his shelter, felt his heart beat against his ribs in a riot of ghastly dread. The detective, having paused a moment aud looked about him curiously, pursed his lips and shook his head as it there were nothing likely to interest him there, ana passed on his way again, swinging the stick be was carrying and singing the snatch of an old English song. Samson heard the voice fainting away in the distance, and he looked out from his hiding place with tear ful eyes. What was Le to do now ? Where was he to go to now ? v That awful man was evidently pursuing liim even to the peaceful solitude of this Mediterranean paradise. For what other reason could he be there ? Samson's limbs trembled and his hands shook. * At last he roused himself in a burst of slow anger. 'I didn't do it.' he cried. 'I didn't. Nobody can say as I did. I be tired o' this. Damn it ! Let him take me and be done with it.' Then a remembrance— a faint breath — a distant mental echo of the sweet voice he thought he had heard that same afternoon came tingling to his ear — so softly — so musically — so warm in its comfort — so melodiously soothing that the great, burly giant felt his heart too full to hold its measure. The echo of the sweet girlish voice swelled aud rose within him until it pealed like a majestic organ anthem of blessed heal ing assurance. That had been his Maiy 's voice, of that he felt certain now. His wife aud his child were near him, close by, and if they were so near, it was surely only to protect him against that man, to help liim out of his trouble, to guard and shield him against the cunning of that dog of the law. The danger, the threatening presence, the black, hunting shadow were all forgotten, and a longing, unconfinablc, irrepressi ble, and clamouring for satisfaction, welled and throbbed in his bosom. The warm tears ran down his face, and he babbled in a jargon of intermingled thankfulness, hope, sorrow, and slow contrition. ' It wur Mary ! Mary! Mary and Mildred! It wur they — they — they — I be sure — yes, it wur — Mary and Mildred. They both — they'll 'help me. They'll help me. I be coming. It wur they. ? I he coming, Mary. I be sorry, Mildred — so sorry. But I be coining — so sorry Mildred. They'll help me. It wur they. Thank God, it wur they.' CHAPTER XIV. Wheu Brother Giovanni woke with a start from his unauthorised afternoon slumber, he found Samson sitting on the sward wiping his eyes with his pocket kerchief. The big fellow's eyelids were swollen and red by the rubbing to which they had been subjected, and the monk noticed it. Good gracious me ? And what be the matter wid ye? It's crying ye've been,' he exclaimed. Samson looked at the monk in a mournful trepida, tion. He did not know how to explain. 'I see what it is,' the Franciscan went on, 'it's home sick ye are, that's shure enough.' Samson confessed that he was guilty of the im peachment. 'I've been thiuking of the place at home,' he replied, ' and you know I've an idea that some people have como by t'liis afternoon as I know.' With that he set to questioning Brother Giovanni in his own slow fashion, and elicited from the monk a full description of the ladies who had passed in the carriage. ' It be Mary sure enough, Mary and Mildred,' he said to himself, '? aud that painter chap. They've come to help I.' Then he went on again questioning the monk with an energy and persistence which quite astonished the brother, who had never found his ponderous friend so voluble. ' Oi'll tell ye what we'll do,' said Brother Gio vanni, ' we'll go into Monte Carlo, and we'll have a good sleep. Oi know the gardener at the Villa Elisa beth. and he'll let us sleep in bis toolshed. It's a moighty snug place. Oi can tell ye, there's a lot o' sacks there as soft as a bedgown, and ye'll be just as warm as toast and as comfortable as the O'Leary. And in the morning we can get up early and make all the inquiries you waut, and we'll find out if that gintleman that .you are askin' afther is livin' in Monte Carlo, aud if he isn't we're sure to find him in Nice.' The only name which Samson had mentioned was that of Eynsford. He had not spoken about his wife's. ' I'll tell the good man all about it to-morrow. I daren't do it yet,' he said to himself, ' I daren't. I'll get more used to it as I get aloDg.' The toolshed of the Villa Elsiabeth proved all that Brother Giovani had painted it. It was situated at * the end of a fairylike garden, in the centre of which a splendid marble palace, rather than a villa, lay half hidden amid the palms, the orange trees, the flower ing cactuses, and exotic plants of all kinds. The gardener was a good and pious Monegasque, who crossed himself devoutly as Brother Giovanni asked him for the hospitality of one night. He brought a copious meal of cold meat, fruit and bread, and a large jar of wuie ; but Brother Giovanni, much to Samson's disgust, sent it all back, with the intimation tliat they had eaten as much as was good for them that day, and that it was unwholesome both to .the body and the soul to take more. ' You can walk about the garden and grounds this evening as much as you like,' said the gardener. 'We have new people here who have taken this place for a month, and they'll be at the theatre most likely till very late. You know where to find me, my father, when you want me, and none more welcome than you.' ' ' Samson and the friar strolled about those lovely gardens, and at last, as the moon had risen in all its silvery glory and was bathing the scene around with its softening rays, Samson laid himself down on the sward full length, as he loved to do, and a drowsily humming voice said in his ear that it was very com fortable to have a beautiful place, and to he able to lie down, whenever he wanted to, on a soft piece of grass like that ; and that it would be very nice to lia.ve good strong boots again, for his own were broken, and then walking was really a bother. And, as he lay there with his eyes to the starry sky, a piano struck up its music at a villa near by, and a bright soprano voice burst out in the strains of ' Home, sweet Home.' He knew the air and he knew the words. Mildred had sung it to him years ago. It was better, he thought, much better, after all, to have a home— a home made homely by the love of a wife and child ; and the bright, sweet voice rang out in the stillness of the night its song of pity and of prayer, and Samson felt his throat getting rough again and his eyelids curiously moist, gild, before he knew it, a big tear ran down over his cheek again and dropped on the grass. As Samson was enjoying his homely feast of sweet memories on the sward of the Villa Elisabeth, the Atrium of the Cercle des Etrangers was crowded with men and women of all nationalities. It was during au interval between the acts of the opera, and ladies and gentlemen in all the glories of evening dress had come out, the ladies to enjoy the coolness of the evening, and the gentlemen to indulge in whiffs of the fragrant weed. 'Don't you see who that is, Ethel?' said a tall, elderly lady to a tall, stylish younger one by her side. ' It's Mr. Eynsford.' The gentleman, hearing his name pronounced, stopped and bowed politely. ' I should hardly have expected to see you here, Miss Hayle,' he said. The reply he received was distinguished by a cold hauteur. ♦' And I didn't dream of meeting you here,' the Jaay answered. 'I suppose you are waiting for Miss Aelderman ?' 'Quite so,' the gentleman replied with a men-y eparkle in his voice, which contrasted curiously with Miss Hayle's frozen tones. f 'And I have no doubt you are waiting for Lord Severn.' The lady bowed and picked up her dress. ' You have guessed right, Mr. Eynsford.' she said with a sneer. '* Come with me, ma,' and she swept away with the air of a queen of the stage. Eynsford stepped out through the folding doors Into the open, and watched the crowds of people who were flocking from the . Cafe de Paris, the Hotel de Paris, and the other hotels to the gaming rooms, when he suddenly felt himself touched on the shoulder. ' Oh, it's you, Mr. Ford,' he said, when on turn ing round he beheld the new comer. ' Have you got j any good news at last?' j ' I have good news,' the detective replied, 'and yet it isn't quite good news. He left Porto Carletto with one of the Franciscans two days ago, and 1 walked all along the road myself for the purpose of catching up with him and making the inquiries. I had news of him all the way up to within two or three miles from heTe, and there, somehow or other, I missed him.' ' You missed him ?' Eynsford rejoined anxiously. 'Oh, they can't have gone very far,' Ford answered. ' The Franciscan is going to the Convent at Chiiuiz, at Nice, and I have telegraphed to the superior.' ' That's cold news,' Eynsford replied. ' To me, at anv rate. I'm tired of waiting. It is hope de ferred that makes the heart sick. If Mary were made of marble she could not be harder on me. She is about the most contradictory little woman in this big, wide, contradictory world. One day she is in tears because she thinks her father dead, all through the boat of which those Deal fishermen picked up empty in mid channel. The next day she insists that her father is alive, as we now know very well he is. I would not mind those variations if the most important part of her declaration were not that she will never consent to listen to me until I have found her father. You can attest that I have tried to find her father, tried hard, that I and you both have been doing our best, and that you will have well earned the five hundred pounds I have promised you.' ' We would have got him long ago,' Ford re joined, ' if he had not been lying wounded and hidden in that Convent at Porto Carletto ; hut he's either in Monte Carlo now or tramping along the road to Nice. I'll be at the Convent at Cimiz early to- morrow morning myself and wait for him there, and I'll bring him back by the scruff of his neck if it has to be.' ' I want you to repeat all this to Miss Aelder man,' Eynsford said. ' She has beeu in an atrocious temper with me all day, as if I could help her father's absence.' ' I heard what you said,' a bright female voice by his side exclaimed. ' Sol have an atrocious temper, have I, Mr. Eynsford ? It isn't worth while to buy a better one just to please you.' — this, with such a toss of the golden curls and such a. stamp of the tiny foot. Her petty indignation brought a colour. to her cheeks, her big eyes flashed, so that for that moment she was just as lovely as any woman short of a goddess has the right to be. All round them little groups of people were staring at her open-mouthed, and even the women joined in the universal chorus : ' Is she not beautiful ? ' Eynsford was the most repentant, the most obedient of swains, and the offended beauty soon found herself in a softer mood. ' We'll walk back to the Villa,' she said : ' it is such a lovely night. If you will take charge of mother, Mr. Ford, I'll take care of Mr. Eynsford.' The reader will easily have guessed from the above conversation that Mi'. Sergeant Ford's plans and in tentions were in no way inimical to the peace of the Aelderman household. Indeed, although Samson's flight had at first made the detective very suspicious and caused him to make the sharpest possible inquiries about the fugitive, fortune favoured the latter through the fact of his little boat having been lifted by the rising tide and carried out to sea by the receding one, whence it drifted into mid channel, and was picked up empty by some Deal fishermen who took it with them into the English oort. It was then that Samson's fate or escape became doubtful. Ford, having set to work in the conscientious endeavour to prove to him self Samson's guilt or innocence, soon came to the conclusion that no evidence of a struggle existed any where along the face of that cliff, and that Samson's version that Sebastian Borgo's death bad been caused through an accident was most likely a true one. When Eynsford offered him five hundred pounds if he would help him to find the missing man, he obtained a month's furlough, and took up the chase with eager interest. Samson was still lying on the sward, half dreaming, half waking, when from the open drawing-room win dow of the villa there came to him the sound of a voice which he knew. It was Mary's voice, the voice that had been ringing in faint echo in his ears that afternoon, yet he was doubtful. 'The beest a fool Samson,' he said to himself. ' It can't be Mary.' Yet there it was again, bright, musical, and melo dious — the voice of his child. He rose as if in a trance, and stole on tiptoe across the gravel path to a marble bench under the window. He could not be mistaken now, that was Mary's voice, aud Mildred was speak ing to her. His heart swelled, and a tumult of expectation, soft and pitiful, rose within it. ' Who gave you permission to come here ?' a gruff voice asked him suddenly in English. Samson looked up and saw a liveried servant before him. ' I baint doingno harm,' Samson answered. ' The gardener gave I permission to sleep in the tool shed.' ' The man made a movement towards Samson, but as the latter rose in his burly strength the servant most likely thought discretion the better part of valour, and retreated a step. 'The toolshed ain't the parlour window,' he said. ' Go, and don't let me catch you here again. Samson eyed the man up and down. ' You are mighty uncivil,' he replied stolidly. At that moment a face appeared at the open window. A lovely girlish face. Then a scream rang out in the night air, and another, and yet another, and Mary came flying down the marble steps and threw her arms round her father's neck. Brother Giovanni's astonishment was boundless when he was called into the gorgeous drawing-room at the villa, and found Samson there surrounded by his wife and child, and his friends. The good monk thought that a miracle had happened, and crossed himself devoutly, and listened in speechless amaze ment when Samson ordered the servant — the same servant who had so roughly addressed him a little while before, and who was now all ready obeisance and humility — to prepare a bedroom for the good Franciscan. That evening Brother Giovanni partook of a steam ing glass of whisky toddy, which equalled, at least, any that could have been prepared from his own care fully concealed Coloraine. He and Eynsford and Ford and Samson sat up after the ladies had retired to rest. ' Let me see,' said Samson to him on a sudden. ' That church that theewantst to build is a Papish one, baint it ?' ' Faix, an' oi wouldn't build no other,' the kindly monk replied. ' I see a way out of it,' Samson said. ' Thee canst build thy Papish church, and I'll put up one of the Church of England, and so thee and I'll be quits.' THE END. Jones : ' Are you going out of town this summer F' Robinson : ' I don't think so. I have no creditors pressing me.' 'Nature has given us two ears, two eyes, and but one tongue ; to the end, we should hear and see more than we speak. ? Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man ; hut for one man who can stand prosperity there are 100 that will stand adversity. It has been found, after elaborate experiments, that sewage can be more efficiently filtered through open sand than through sand covered with soil. ' My dear sir,' asked the old gentleman of the passer-by, ' won't you read what street is printed on that sign?' ' Can't,' answered the citizen. ' Mus'n't read anything. Just been drawn on a jury.' 