THE EDITOR'S TABLE. Messrs. Munro and Cowie. — The Last Voyage 0/ Lady JJrussey link now boon issued as a single volume by Messrs. Longmans, and a vory beautiful, us woll as handy book it makes. Bosidos bringing this memoriul of ono of tho most I'.elioious racoiileuses that modorn times have produced within the roach of tho slenderest pnrso, it will con stitute also a moro popular form of publica- wuu 10 sno generality or pcopiu to wuom a couplo of corpuiont quartos are apt to torrify. Tho book is most interesting, as woll as moBt instructive. Lady Brnsscy's sketolios arc at once vivid and truthful, whilo her easy graceful Btylo carries ono along almost nolans-volens. Particularly interesting are Lady Brassoy's reforoncos to her visit to Rockhampton in August, 1887. Her livoly and witty strictures upon our river, lior pic ture of Rockhampton by night and at early morn ; hor account of lior visit to Mount Morgan, and to tho Springsuro Opal Fields, and her interesting reports of the Ambulance meetings in Rockhampton nro all told with a faithfulness yot a brevity <f narrative that ovinccs tho true artist. She was especially delighted with tho flowers called Rockhampton Lilies growing on tho banks of the Deo River, near tho Crocodilo Goldfield. Hoc pictures of travel, written as tlioy arc, calamo c urrente, are models of nnpwAiia rvrn /mPiiI > in nin'nnii'tfA Snvnn.?.niv. lieb. U'o warmly commend the volume to nil our readers. Mrs Hodgson Burnett, by hor story of Little hord Faunlteroy created for herself a world-wido reputation ns a deli neator ot child lifo. In this dopartmont of . literature sho stands /actio princcps. Hor latest book, Little Saint Jilizabcth, is a story on somewhat similar lines 10 hor groat chef d'amvre, though her latest effort lacks tbat delhacy of depiction cf tho minor elemonts of character, that vivid sympathy of treatment, combined with a keen analysis of tho distinctive traits of child lifo which mndo her Fauntloroy bo realistically life-like. Everyone will enjoy this latest story. It is well worthy of Sirs. Burnett's pen, and will excrciso that high moral influouce for good among tho young which is oharaatariBtic of this great writer. Stephen Nllicoil's Daugh ter, by Mr. J. II. Noodell, is a novel by tho " Lucia Hugh and Another," which will scarcely udvauco tho reputation of that ver satile novelist. Mrs. Needoll's great enemy is Airs. Ncedcll herself. She made a big hit with liar Jest novel — licr first, by the way — and now one is constantly comparing hor after work with her former, not altogother favorable, as regards tho results, to her latest efforts. Still the novel before us is good, and will rank a head nnd shoulders abovo nine-tenths of the hooks of tho London season, its tone i9 healthy, if a little sen timou tn I, and its workmanship both as regards construction aud style, nrtistic iu a markod degree. J'hyrza, by Gcorgo Hissing, is just such a book as wo would expect, from tho author of "Demos," "Tho Hother World" and sundry other works of n kind red nature. Queer, mystical, and outre, yet instinct with a power and a realistic forco that compols attention, George Gissing haa tho stuff in him to rise into tho very front rank of liviug novelists if ho would onlygivo his goniua natural olbow room. But ho will insist on fettering it with " fads " and eccentricities that repel in place of attract ing. We would strongly recommend the work to our readers ns ono of immonso, if somowhac misdiroctsd powers. Amongst tho publications that appeared last, yotr lias been tho Badminton Library, which has created much interest in England. Dealing with all kinds of sporting and public games, tho volumes may bu regarded now ns tho most nuthentic and standard text books upon the subject of which thuy treat. Messrs.' Munro and Cowio have sent 11s three volumes of the library, to wit Foncing, Boxing, Wrestling, in one volume, Boating in another, nrd Athletics and Football iu a third. They nro each written by the man or men regarded as tho best in ouch distinctive dopartmont. Hence tbo opinions tboro expressed may be relied upon. Mr. W. Hotkins. — A Romance of Two Worlds by Mario Corelli is decidedly a' "creepy" book. It sinnoks of -ghosts and spiritual visitants, aud deals generally with " uncanny things." However, it is a novel of great power, both in conception nnd in execution, while tho characterisation is clear,, foroiblc, and lifelike. Miss Corelli has' already obtainod a name in literature for "intensity," and this work fully hears out the criticism on hor loading fictional trait. It is, lioirorer, a book that, will amply repay porusnl in senses othor than omotiounl. In Darkest London, by John Law, is a further extension of Gonernl Booth's Scheme for thu rescue of tho " Submerged Tenth " in Society. In fact tha Gonoral contributes a pmfaco to tlio work, which dents in a power fully realistic, yet truthful manner, Willi tbo scones of misery, vice and iniquity to be met with daily in tho English metropolis Fain would wo believe tho pictures narrated by John Law and Goueial Booth 10 bo oxaggoratod. But not so. Tlioy are only too true ; and givo ovidcnco of tho existonce t.f a stratum of loBt humanity reached by no religious organisation save tho Salvation Army. The Army publications All the IFoplil and Free Salvaiinn, which Mr. Hopkins also sends us, are full of interesting and valunblo matter, not only to members of tho Army, but to general renders as well, ftlessrs. Swan Sounencbein havo recently pub lished a catalogue containing tho namt-s of tho loading books iu ovcry department of litoraturo, science, art, politics, religion, ihilosophy, and inaoy others. Undoubtedly i t. is ono of tlio fullest and most comprehen sive efforts of the kind ever made to case the labors of literary mon. 