UA3S&GSBS;' BJEPORTS. NO 2 BAST VICTORIA doliii Jfo&erts;, manager, reports under date JSor. 2nd :-During the past fortnight your mwlwjii- shaft las been sunt a further depth of 19ft through hard country making a total distance of 312ft from the straight. The stone and formation mentioned in last report cut out altogether. last Saturday -we cat what appears to be a new Ghost of stone on i tiieliaagiBg Trail about 6in thick, a piece of which I prospected and get gold. At this point tiie footwail appears to be coming down at aboutam angle of 45 degrees, and if so the fife ait will soon be in formation again. The formation has opened out about 2ft and full of leaders. NO. 7 JfOKTH-KAST QUEEN. Cr. Wilson, Manager, reports under date October 3rd.-The Mb. 7 Eastern level has been extended a further distance of 10ft, at which distance we holed to winze, making it a total distance of 193ft Irom the shaft. Two mea employed on wage* hare been in this level; the formation here is ?eij small at present. Stoping has keen continued oyer the 39o. 6 Eastern lerel on a reef wijing in tHAmw from 6in to 2Et6in. tftopiaehasalso been continued over the No. 5 Eastern lerel, on a reef varying in thickness from Gin to 5ft of good quality stone. We bare also started to &ve; the No. 4 Eastern level for the pur pose ot intersecting some stone that we are leaving under foot of the last mentioned stopes. The said drive has been extended 20ft on wages, wishing the total distance from shaft 335ft. The Ko. 3 Eastern lerel has been extended a further distance of 30ft. There is a leider 6m thick of good quality in the face now, and from appearances it wonld seem that it will develop into a permanent reef before long. We hava raised 250 tons .f stone for the fortnight and have also brought in 498ozs 5dwts of suited geld, which is the yield from 255 tons of atone. We have finished timbering and cutting the shaft between the No. 6 end 7 levels. BtDDBN TBSASUBB NO. 1 SOUTH. W. Kickard, manager, reports under date Oct. 31st:-Tour shaft has been sunk 7ft, timbered 10ft; total depth, 78ft. Only one shift has been employed in the shaft the last] week-the others, with the carpenters, are nuking preparations for the erection of the brace. The engine is on the ground, and in its place. The ground is slightly changed, and is not no favorable as it has been for rapid sinking. | HEW HIDDEN TREASURE. W. Wilcox, manager, under date Not. ; 2nd reports as follows: Sinking was again resumed on Wednesday last from a depth of 63ft from No. 2 plat. The formation is 8ft from wall to wall, and carries a reef Sin thick of good stone. It is now opening out larger. Ifo. 2 south lerel has been driven a further distance of 10ft, total from shaft 170ft In this level there is a good reef on tie hanging-wall, averaging loin thick. There is also a reef on the footwail 9in thick, from which water is coming, »iaHng » new feature for the claim, which has been always very dry. from these indications I think it is likely to nuke to a big body of stone in the hfllnidft before long. The stopes over this level axe improving, and look better than ever they did before, averaging 16in of good quality stone for 150ft in length. I have started to sink a winze foam So. 1 level, which will make it cooler for working. It has been sunk 9ft for the wed. Forty - eight tons raised for the fortnight; total in paddock, 98 tons. The engine house is now completed, also changing house and office. The dead worlc is now about done, QtTBSN COifSOriDATED. The manager, R- Kufcbrids, reports under date Oct. 30:-I have the honor to report walk done in your mine for the fortnight as follows;-No. 2 level west has bean extended lift, total distance from plat 304ft. The reef mentioned in last report has cut ont and another nuke of stone came in to-day. I cannot say much about it yet. No. 1 level east has been driven 2oft, total distance from plat 139ft. We eare Cin of fair Btone en the footwail and 18 in of white stone on the l.axigmg wall, with rery soft formation between. Everything is in good order. ' DAI DAWK SCKOOL BSSEKVe. The manager, J. llixon. reports under date Oct. 31st: Since last report the hanging wall tiBssscut has been extended 6ft. The countay passed through is granite. I would advise wtt to extend it any butter at present. Tke S». 2 east level Mills' United, baa been advanced 6ft, total 79ft from starting punt. 33w country is bad tad bad for ekooting. There is about lft of atone in face of drive. |THE CUSDORUML BDRIi T"PurceIS, Manager, reports up to October 30th :-faring tbe past brtaight tiu dult has been Bunt g further distance of 10ft, »nking a total depth from the surface of 306ft. Have passed through & small fonaa. txn, carrying a small leader of quarts. We I anjSfi: through it, and die ground is very h∋ having no floors. THE UDT lOIU BXTKKDKD. S, 9. ETUIS, manager, reports for fortnight cdb{ 80th OctoberA blacksmiths shop lias been erected, and the new shaft nfrartrd, and sunk» depth of Sft, the ground is de composed granite, and haider than we ex pected. THE eoumnnmir. O. Olsen, anaager, reports under date, 30th October :Since last report your SBderiie has been sunk a further distance of 9ft, mak ing a distance of 169ft from the fiat. The -reef in the sink is 12in thick of good mineral stone, with a good formation. The nnrik level has been extended Sft, making a total distance of 22ft from the shaft. 