c-y Ofopuraju-w^ho^aii if ear ofWWr ¿náisbment.had Jo^ me^and,. fifi- larra»; ,that was^ccrfced, -IWW free» i Bufc niy reniorse was atülJcBan~mtbia-4ao, and I solfemly vowedT¡h~at I" would 'never rest nor know a róemehta'péa'ce nhftl;I had fonnd and harried poor-Joe Wigsby's boèyi'' "lidosftaib1 timei'm .rotating Jto the* sceíñe1oftttíeíítragedj,iiani' àt'ottce^began my -search : fdr j/ího'body; lint''no bod^ could. I find., o I searched1 ] exhaustively^ v bnt vainly, for a month,'and was; then forced to the ooriclneion that the body was not there. Was it possible that some one had already found it P If ¡ so, waa it buried and my labours forestalled P I asked myself ¿hess questions.- It was absolutely necessary for the fulfilment of my vow that I must be thoroughly satis- fied on these points, so I abandoned my search and proceeded 4o make inquiries. ' Hitherto I Md' been searching alone and invisible, but I decided that' the time was now come for me to make my first public appearance. I believed that I should be ia most effective apparition; and this>>mot without some 'reason,' for my whole'get-up was of-.'the best. My tran- sparency baing quite '.new, i my blue names lit me up to the greatest advantage. In addition, -1. possessed a voice the hollowness of which, I thought, was sure to be much admired. I little knew then what receptions were in store for me ! I went into the village, and first ap- peared before M. Le Maire, as the chief functionary, and the .one most likely to afford ine the information!: desired. I !fpund: him in -his library -comfortably sitting in hts easy chair by an open win- dow. . -When ho saw me his face became perfectly livid. Fearing he ivas ill, I approached,' intending to' offer assistance, but heyelled-*oh, how he yelled ! 'Then he simply, and withont any apparent reason, ? launched his body .through the I window. How he manangedit I cannot ! say, but, by the time I had reached the window, aU I could' see of him were'¡his coat-tails rapidly vanishing round a comer some distance away. I was, as yon may suppose, mach: surprised at his eccentric behaviour, arid puesled over it in the vain' endeavour to think'of some rational ex placation. .>¿ My next move was to the village wine' shop, with the landlord of which I had been well acquainted, and 'who would,. 1 waB suce.'be glad;to see me, and to give all;the assistance in his power. When I entered his cosy little room, he and iáboüt ; haif-a-doBen of the leading residents were deep in- the discussion of wiùe and politics.' To my» utter confusion and dismay, no sooner .was I seen than thé whole company present was seized with tho same symptoms as those 1 had observed ' in M. Le -Maire. Abandoning wine and politics alike, upsetting tables; chairs, and - glasses; ? leaving behind« them i hats, coats, and? sticks, they one abd all fled, and, in an, incredibly -short space of timö( I was the solo occupant of the TOQÖU .Thesè incidents so perplexed and disoour «Jfêâ -?>e .that "Ide^JÍ4eá.»9Íift,ttiftke*oy more public appearances in that village. I was hastened to this decision by hear- ing all the «village gossips, next day narrating"Jn the .'.wildest exciteraenihow an evil spirit had appeared to M. Le Maire and terrified him into a fit ; how it had also appeared in the wine shop and frightened the landlord and six ofj his best customers int», signing the pledge n and how that M, Ls Gâté had uadariakon .to exorcise the said, evil spirit, without farther delay. I left the village before the latter ceremony took place, apd by so doing I ¡have no doubt-1 earned for M, Lee Carq more fame ns rsn exorciser of ghosts than, bo his strictly entitled, to ac- cording to bis own merits. , I mado up my- miud to betake myself to' my native town without any, further? delay, aud , visit uiy. o wu and . Wigby'js ; families. Naturally I wont to..:myi own . home first,' and -op. tho way solaced myself by picturing ¡thc pleasure uiy visit ; would afford-to every, member of the family. My faults I was; sure,: would be condoned when my explanatious were:heard and it was seen how anxious .I was to make, all the; atonement;ia my . power. The : first i person XV met pu eutoriug the house: was my youugost brother; I saw him coming downstairs, ucarefully carrying r a. large photograph of myself, framed aud glazed. Peeply touched hy this évidence that my ! memory.was. still .cherished, I advanced ito inept him., crying " Tom, dear old .Tom,4";; He screamed, aud deliberately ,thrfew"my own potograph at me,: frame a»4 -ftll. Fortunately, it passed harm- lessly through ¡ my transparency,., ;and smashed on; the wall:.behind me.: Wheu my brother saw this, ip place of express- ing1 his .pleasure .that tl WAS not injured,: he turnedround and rushed .upstairs again «t break .neck «peed.' v I heard, .him slmtiujr joudiy to wy other brother lo "Savej him' from. Sam'rs ghost., fancy that ! * I,was. '8o; muoh^urt at this-iuu brothérlyibehs.viourttltat J Jeft the house boee *u4 wont genoas, to. WigsbyVj. .,, u peing by, this jtiraç.thoroughly! con yipcedof the -utf#ripntilUty of appearing people who either pould not-or would pot überstand me, I took, préBaptioü, of remaining.- invfeiblp 3 /anJÀl spefo time'«s I .shOuJdr think 4t#d^abjAiito vdroprjny îtoôognito.: o- ió^ok wïnyijqufBrbjars^in .tbs . houipj . and practically became one /pf ; ¿he faipiLyLWithput »«ny of. them Aging the wiser, ort I «4d\ the w$rse. ?. 4wa6;ever onr tho alert ito glean aome rnjation about poprifjoei ..Theyi often spo^ioffhjtuj. JghepiSBO&if;ítAám^ Da* whWwastfnfc.Iongaou^y,^^ :*yf PÄBftlated aï;to the ¿probable^ d>te pi his refearp. Th^ir idea Iseewed tbi fee tlia( hfe; jnight;. arrive.- any dayvgi'Etom,ithtjst ?Cbàvereatiops j\ gathered Hhat áhey weri -¡still >iu,¡ignorante,of.This /sad fate; land 3 only.waited a.favourable opportunity ¡tí appear, freely eonfes9. aU,.and ¡gain -thou assis trace ip: my. qupst for the^ody.- ; : r I 0iopght.the father of the family wouk bethe best one ou whom to experiment Mr. -Wigsby, sen., was an old gentleman very - deaf, with weak eyesight, mos matter-of-fact, and altogether a mau uo -easily ¡ startled. After due cOusiderattoi 1'made, up my mind that I would riel it once more. I went, into .the librar; One rooming and fouud him engaged ¡ii the interesting perusal of a letter. 1 approached him gently,: appeared, am waited results. Mr. Wigsby coutinuet his perusal of the' letter. . Ten minute thus elapsed, aud I thought I mtgh vent tire où a groan. Sb I groaned, bu not iii my hollowest manner, for I wishec to ¡gain his attention by degrees. Wir. Wigsby looked up from his lettei aud fixed his gaze calmly and inteutli upon me. «' At last i" I thought, " I have found i rational man !" \- 1 Still keeping his gaze fixed, upon rn( he took oft ' his spectacles, wiped thbi with his^handkerchiof, and then ear« fully set them astride his nose agata ri waited with, impatience for htm t ¡ speak, to give some sign that he récog ' nised ino. At last he spoke. In a fretfn tone of yoice, he said : I "I kaew'ihpwitwould-Tie.' As sure a evpr I pat'roast pork, I-have things float I »ag before my eyes foy days." . ' Ttyis. was flattering to me. However, was pbt going to be put down as the met product of a disordered stomach, withou a protest. I would speak to Mr. Wigsbj and let him .see that,! was, at any rate, cut. above'roast, pork. ''-( . . So, summing up all my courage, I said V Mr. Winsby 1 Wherei is/Joe ?" He appeared to listen intently, and ? repeated . my question. Then ¡he R toar&jiv; .? . .,. ; , *' Andnow t^ye got. aaawful singing i my ears. I'm afraid I'm going to hayo ¡bad bont this time." * J gaye it up, and disappeared. 