The Mystery of the Mountain. Ä CHAPTER X11.-{Continued). la " Mísb Camden and I were considerably behind ^fem when the run began, and I hurried our horse up to his biggest speed to overtake them, so that I would maybe get a chance to offer some assistance. It waB hard to tell just what that assistance would or could be with the the horses going like madj and we behind them ; but one would be willing to run pretty n»rd risks to save those women. Of course a brave fellow wouldn't stop to think or care who the women in danger were, but with two such beau- tiful women as they--You know how it is, Mainton!" and Deland broke off, laughing softly. " It was only the space of a breath, it seemed to me afterward, when the big scene come on ! There were the horses whirling down that road like the devil himself, and those women never uttering so much as a ghost of a scream, Miss Hallston holding the reins like death-as though thos« pretty hands of hers could stop such a race !-when there came along ahead of them, from a cross- road, a man mounted on a magnificent horse. He saw the run- away, pulled in his animal, made as though he would cross the road and so cut off the runaways he could have done it, at a little risk-but half a man would have done it-when he looked allât once as though he had turned into stone ! Don't ask me what was the matter ! Can't tell you if life depend- ed upon it; but there he sat on his horse, with a face as hard and as white as the grimmest stone ever quarried ! I could have killed him for it ! I re- member I wasn't quite accountable for what I did say, but Miss Camden gave me a round hauling over afterwards because she said I swore like a trooper ! He could have saved them without a scratch, and, iDstead of doing it, he held down his horse and never took his eyes from Mrs. Castlemon's face while they were dashing towards him ! of course they went by him, and just as they passed him those horses wheeled aside, rushed off the track, and away went the cutters into flinders ! Were they hurt ? Being a doctor, there is no need of your aBk ' ing such a question, Mainton ! Hurt ? There was pretty Miss Hallston lying as white as the snow itself, all of a heap under the rail of the fence, and Mrs. Castlemon with almost as bad a gash on her forehead as Mansfield has at this minute. She went into brain-fever, too, and it was pretty ticklish pulling to get her out. Somebody hinted-though no one ever corroborated it- that she raved a good deal about Montgomery while she was out of her head, as though Bhe had known him. But as to that, I can't swear. I do know, though, that when they came here this season and knew he was one of the guests, there wasn't so much as the inove of an eyelid to show that Bhe cared. " As to Miss Hallston, she broke her arm, and was generally bruised; but she recovered with remarkable quickness, and was back in New York before her friends knew of her intention. She never gave any excuse for her sudden leave, and no one among her friends dared ask her. They're both delightful women, but if they don't choose to open their pretty lips about a subject, you wouldn't have the face to go poking about trying to find out about it. When Miss Hallston saw Montgomery here, she merely laughed and shrugged her shoulders, as though it were a question with her whether she liked it or not. You wouldn't do well to ask her, though. And I don't believe any one was more surprised than Bhe when he jumped after her in the lake that day when she tipped the boat and went under. Mrs. Castlemon was with her, of course : they are inseparable. She didn't say a I word. Only when Misa Hallston was safe she I offered Montgomery her hand, and said, as ealmly as a sphinx, that he was very brave. They looked at each other, too. Phew ! I was looking at 'em I had a sort of insane desire to know what was the rub between them-and I saw the look." Doctor Mainton shrugged his shoulders with as much expression in the action as a Frenchman would give. He and Deland were looking into each others eyes intently. " I know nothing of the man," he said, calmly, "excepting what I have seen here. "He's good looking enough, but not such a man as would take a woman's fancy, I should think. But you hint that his disappearance and this accident--" " I tell you there's no accident about it !" inter- rupted Deland, rather savagely. " I know pretty much about rifles and revolvers, and all that, and yon needn't tell me that any one would be hunting during such a storm as that. Besides, this cut, as you very well know, if you know anything about auch matters, is not made by a rifle ball, but a bullet from a revolver. It is a clean cut across his head, and burned as it went ! Whoever fired the bullet was not far from him at the time. I can put thingB together that are as plain as daylight, I tell you, Mainton ! Can't you see for yourself how clear it is ?" Dr. Mainton laughed, shortly. " What have you against Montgomery," he asked, lightly, " that you should insinuate that because he does not show up it is pretty certain that he is the cause of Mansfield's wound ? That is a serious charge, you know. Yon should be certain before you assert such a thing." " I am not fool enough to tell any one but you, Mainton," Deland said, impatiently. " I have some common sense left. But I hope Montgomery will turn up pretty soon, that is all j and that Mans- field will get over this as well as Mrs. Castlemon recovered from her adventure with that coward !" "But are you certain it was cowardice, De- land?" There was an expression in the doctor's eyes that the other did not comprehend. " Mayn't there have been some other reason why he did not wish to save Mrs. Castlemon ?" Deland gasped, and eyed him in wonder Then he reached out and grasped Dr. Mainton by the shoulders in a grip like death. " Mainton ! " he exclaimed, "you're a keen one ! Why the deuce didn't I think of such a possibility ? It's sure and certain there was no cowardice about him when he went over after Miss Hallston» and he must have gone with Mansfield to-day without any fear, though he knew as well as we that it wasn't a specially safe thing to do. I believe you've hit the nail on the head, and may help get some solution of this mystery. When I go into the private detective business, I'll take you along as partner !" "And in the meantime," said Dr. Mainton, quietly, " you want to keep an eye upon Mansfield ! Let hie friendB know, if you think it best." "Yes, poor fellow!" said Deland, returning to the present with a swift change of manner and voice. " There's one I am willing to swear to, and that is that there isn't so much as one cowardly hair in his head, Mainton !" "Not one!" said the doctor, as he bade the other good night, and went away down the hall, Deland's story filling his mind to the exclusion of other thoughts. In the meanwhile, Mrs. Castlemon, in Miss Hallston's room at the other end of the hall, was giving that young lady-her undivided attention. There was need of her care, for Edith waa in a deplorably hyaterical condition after the excitement and shock of the storm. " It was dreadful. Marie !" she cried, shivering with the chill and nervousness. " You don't know how dreadful it was ! I never thought I was lost until Mr. Montgomery told me so. He waa with Allen of course. It seems to me he ia always where one would least expect him to be ! And now he is lost, and maybe something dreadful has happened to him !" Mrs. Castlemon laughed easily and rather coldly, but the hand that was smoothing the girl's beautiful soft hair was full of tenderness and sympathy. " You need not fear for him, Edith," she said, calmly. "He is in no danger believe me. Yon should think of yourself and your friend rather than him. He is not worth your sorrow. He will take good care of himself. And you were out in that terrible shower with the lightning flashing around you, and you, poor, pretty child, so fearful of the lightning !" "But I wasn't so afraid with Mr. Mansfield," whispered this poor, pretty child, hiding her head in the cushions of the conch where ahe waa lying. " I wasn't half afraid, Marie, dearest ! He is so big and so brave and ao careful of one-" " Yes," said Marie, laughing, with a moat pro- voking nod of her head and a merry flash of her beautiful eyes. " Oh, yes, Edith, dearest, I know how big and brave and careful he is ! And what else, my deareat ? That was not all surely ! That would not bring my girl home with such a light in her eyes, and such-" " Oh, don't whispered Edith, in confusion. " You are unkind, Marie ! You are more than cruel ! I shall tell you what I will, and you shall know no more ! You do not tell me all your life and your heart and hopes ! Why should I-" Mrs. Castlemon's face was hidden from Edith The girl's face was still alarmingly smothered by the cushions of the couch. Had she seen the death pallor that struck the beautiful face above her, she might have guessed that there was more of sad- ness and pain than pleasure in the hidden part of her life. But she did not see, and Mrs. Castlemon was not one to speak where words might only bring pain to another. So she smoothed very softly and tenderly the bowed, beautiful head, and laughed with apparent ease at the words. "There are few women, Edith, dearest," she said, lightly, " who are more true friends than we -you and I. But why should I tell you there is no Lethe can drown my memory." " You poor dear !" Edith dropped the smothering cuahions, and lifted to the light her flushed face and happy eyes, that were darkening with sym- pathy.. She caught Mrs. Castlemon's hands from her hair, and hold them down against her face with grace and sweetness. She leaned her cheek against them as a child might do, and the tenderness of her eyes brought a mist of tears to the black eyes. " I am so selfish and thoughtless, Marie ! You aro an angel and my truest friend, and I can say such mean things to you ! I ought to know what you are without your telling me, you darling !" Mrs. Castlemon leaned over and kissed the soft cheek nearest her, an inscrutable expression in her eyes. She pressed the girl gently down among the cushions once more, although she did not for the moment tonch the tumbled hair that fell over the cushions to the floor in heavy masses of glossy brown. " You are always generous to me, Edith," she said, earnestly. " Were you as generoua and kind to Mr. Mansfield as yon are to me ? You were not kind to him this morning, and I could have found it in my heart to scold you thoroughly for your naughty snubbing ! He isn't a man to be fooled with, Edith. He is too true and frank himself to hear falsehood and deceit-" " But I never told him a falsehood, or deceived' him," cried Edith, again starting up in astonish- ment. "What possible reason have I for doing such a thing, and why should I, and how could T if there were any reason? Yon talk i» riddles. Marie Castlemon ! If you do not already know ma well enough to be sure that I would be false and deceitful to no one, you can know but little of me, indeed, in spite of your professed friendship I" She was greatly excited, and the colour flamed across her cheeks in waves of rose. Her eyes wera shining liko stars through the gathering twilight, of the room. " Edith, dearest, have I ever given you cause ta say that hard thing of me? Have I ever said other than that you are the sweetest of sweet women, and as true as the heavens ? Have I even had such a thought in my inmost heart that yoa were one to deceive a man or a woman who loves you, or whom you love ? Have I ever even hinted to you that I might, would I follow the course of other women who are embittered by sorrow, cry aloud that the world is cruel, and full of lying, and deceit, and treachery in man and woman ? Hava I ever said the smallest word to lead you to think that I feel myself chosen from others for the hardest smiting of fate ? I tell you, Edith Hall- ston, in spite of my calmness, I cover a volcano ofi passion in my heart. If ever I should lose command of my cold pride, or be other than merely gracious to those I meet, I would startle you and frighten you, and, maybe, drive yon from me-you, the one being in the world whom I truly love and trust. I am sometimes afraid of myself. Is there not need of my keeping down that old horrible ghost under the waters of Lethe, even though it will not drown -even though it rises between me and happiness always ?" It was marvellous-the command she had. Edith could not ask of her what this sorrow was. nor from whence it came, but there flashed across her mind, too, as clearly and meaningly as the same thought and picture flashed across the mind of Mr. Deland at, perhaps, the same moment, o£ that mad race through the cold and icy air, with, the ungovernable horses dashing them to possible death, and the immovable rider on the powerful horse sitting just at one side of the road letting them go by unhindered, while the eyes of the rider; were fixed in a short of horror upon the exquisita face of her companion-letting them go to their death because o/that beautiful pallid face. Then she reached up and drew down that beautiful woman's head with its coils of black hair like meshes of silk, and held it against her breast with, her two warm arms olasped around her shoulders, as though she could so charm away the pain and sorry that she could not know. "My poor, sweet, beautiful Marie," she mur- mured, her lips against the beautiful hair as she held her so. "My dear, unselfish dearest! My more than friend ! If there is in all the world one person who has other than the thought of your goodness and truth and best of all womanly gifts, may there come to him never one moment of peace or rest or gladness till he has owned to yon his harshness and cruelty. May all good women shrink from him as though it were them he were unmanly enough to distrust. May he come to his senses with as much pain and sadness and humiliation, as ho has laid upon you-" " How do you know ?" whispered the low voioe, and there was a touch of hoarseness in it that the girl had never before heard. " What are you say- ing, Edith ? How can you tell what I have suffered through him-" Then she, too, broke off in her swift utterance, and they remained in silence for a moment, Bhe, as though to regain her marvellous self-control, Edith as though it were a blow, this that she had divined upon the opening'of her own happiness. But neither woman could long remain in this silence. Mrs. Castlemon slowly and tenderly loosed the clasp oC the warm arms from around her, and regained her position in the huge arm-ohair beside the couch. Edith sank back among the cushions, as there were no more light and life and sweetness in the world she had thought a pretty good sort of world not long before. It was awkward for both, and yet neither would have changed it. " I am rested enough now to dress and go down to the parlour," Edith said, presently. " I was only excited and nervous, Marie. It would be foolish to remain here as though I were ill. Then, toa, I must ask after Mr. Mansfield's condition. I am afraid that wound is worse than he wonld tell me* It is a dreadf ni cut, Maria-directly across his fore- head, above his temple but the width of a hair !" " I know you are anxious for your friend, Edith" said the calm, low, musical voice of the woman ia the shadow where her face c»uld be but faintly seen. " But it will truly be best for yon to remain quietly here. You have been through considerable excitement. I will enquire as to Mr. Mansfield's condition, and whether there is any news of Mr. Montgomery." How quietly she uttered the words -as though, Edith said to herself, a sob rising to her throat, as though Bhe had not a Lit of sorrow ia all her heart. Miss Hallston leaned among her cushions in the darkness, picturing all manner of delightful and deplorable things, till Mrs. Castlemon returned, ona of the waitresses with her bearing a tray and a dinner upon it that would tempt the most averse diner. As Edith was most decidedly hungry, al» though she had forgotten that fact in the rush of, other facts, she welcomed this arrival with dancing eyes. " Aren't you sweet, you dear Mrs. Castlemon !" Bhe said, gayly, searching the other's eye« for for- giveness of her careless words. "You knew my failing for a good appetite and something good to eat. I am simply starved, I believe ! And are yon not going to dine with me ? Oh, yes, you are, or I will not touch one single morsel ! There ! Bring another dinner, Estelle, that's a good girl. I could not think of eating alone when Mrs. Castlemon has had nothing. Just a cup of coffee and a small piece of broiled chicken, Estella." "And now, my dear," Mrs. Castlemon added, when they were left alone with the cozy dinner be» tween them, " I saw Mr. Deland on the stairs and he told me about Mr. Mansfield. They took him to his room, you know, at once, and he is asleep now, Mr. Deland said. The wound is pretty serious, but with care and and quiet he ought reasonably to come out all right in a couple of weeks or ao-" Two weeks !" Edith dropped her knife in dismay, and looked blankly across to her companion. " He is badly hurt then, Marie ?" " Did I not tell you it ia a serious wound» Edith ?" Was she revenging herself upon her foe the Blight, that her voice should be bo cold and quiet ? " They have had Dr. Mainton up to sea him, and he and Mr. Deland have done what they can, and he is as comfortable as he can be under the circumstances. Mr. Deland is a sort of surgeon, you remember. As to Mr. Montgomery"-she coolly buttered a thin bit of toast upon her plate-.. " Mr. Daily has not yet returned, so there is no news of him. Still, they think, so Mr. Deland said, that there is scarcely need for anxiety in re gard to him, a3 he must have lost his way and fallen behind you, but that the guide will find him, as he did you, after a little search. They are used to such things up here, you know, my dear, and think really very slightly of. them. Will you take some more of this chicken, dear ? It is remarkably well cooked. I ordered it done myself, and saw that my order waa thoroughly carried out, though Estelle is very willing. She is a pretty girl, is she not ? And the guide it a handsome fellow t" What did Edith care for the waitress, whether she were pretty or plain as the plainest of women ? Her thoughts were with Allan and with Mr. Mont- gomery lost upon the mountain, and with the étrange, self-possessed woman opposite her. She nodded " yes" to her remark regarding Estelle, but failed to connect the following remark as to the looks and phyeique of the guide. She was looking with unconscious keenness at the woman across the tray, sitting so gracefully and easily, daintily eating her dinner, her face quite as beautiful as ever. Could it be possible, she was asking herself, still looking at Mrs. Castlemon, that she was the pas- sionate creature of but a few minutes before, with the quiver in her voice and the pain in her eyes and the mad throbbing of her heart against her arm as she held her down with her lips against her hair. Could she, under such circumstances, keep down her heart and her sorrow as this woman was doing P Could she laugh and chat and speak un- concernedly of the man who had been so strangely affected by the sight of her, and who had undoubtedly left them to be dashed to death because of her and something affecting their two lives ? Edith sighed and turned away her gaze. She could not comprehend the wonderful power of this woman, but ehe felt ita influence as others felt it! There was music in the parlour below, and it drifted to them through the stillness of the outside world that had followed the fury of the storm. They were sitting very quietly, with little or no conversation, each deep in her own thoughts, when above the music and the soft sound of voices came the startling report of a rifle-another and another from the direction of the lake. Both women sprang to their feet in undefinable fear! " Something has happened to Mr. Montgomery !" cried Edith, as she crossed to her friend, and reached out her hands as though to comfort her. But Mrs. Castlemon stood cold and motionless, listening for what would follow : (To be continued.) 