CHAPXIE XLVIII.-TOW TOWEBS GOES UR FOB HIS LAST EXAMINATION, 16 whb about the middle of January, Thomas Hackbit lay in Jnmley Cemetery, and in the windows of hia bouse waB a notice, " To Let." No one bad made any search foe Keziah. She waB miEBitifr, and Elworthy was missing. The facta seemed to explain themsalveB, Tue house of Rimmon was disgraced. Mt. Bimpler had been engaged by Mr, Eimmon] and was now residing in his house, The baby waB there too, and Wilson had coma to nurse him at Mr, Bimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr, Hack bit had left no will, as ia often the case with those whoBe business it is to make wills. During the last few weeks Mrs, Eimmon had aged visibly and seemed so near breaking up that her infirm state formed a principal reason for Mr. Bimmon'a engaging Wilson, Mr, Bimmon'a hair had grown very grey and he walked with a slower Btep, with bis head bent forward and his shoulders stooping. But where waB Keziah ? It waB growing dark one evening when a ghoat of her former aelf-yeB, a ghost even of her ohanged Belt-entered the gate of The HollieB at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, and flew to open the door. Keziah fell into her arms, crying hysterically, "I have come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg Bnelter, I have no pride left now, Maud." Maud half carried, half led her into her favorite sitting-room, cooiog over her and oall ing her ber lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kizzy, In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought and the poor wan derer waB fed and warmed, Maud, flitting hither and thither, swift aB in the old days, carried moat of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah bad eaten and was warm her bead drooped upon her breaBt and she fell asleep. Maud looked at the head. Where were all the short curls gone ? The hair was shorn quite close to her head. And ber oheebs, how Bunken they were ! Maud had placed herself so that the head might rest against ber, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and remained oramp6d in one position for nearly two hours rather than wake her darling. Then Keziah opened her large startled eye3, and eaid pleadingly and quickly-"Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I have nowhere to go to." Then she re collected herself and Baid, " Oh, I waB dream ing. I thought I was back in the hoBpita! again, Ob, Maud," she cried, flinging her anna abouther friend's neck, "how glad X am it is trne I am here." Maud answered only by her caresses, Then Keziah drewhsr bead back and looked into her friend's eyes enquiringly, " Do yoa know ?" she asked. " Have you heard ?' "Dearest Kizzy," replied Maud, «'if I have bave heard, and if I know, I do not reproaoh you?" "Reproach me?" said Keziah, looking puzzled, " Well, yea, I did nrovoke him; bat I am repentant now, Maud; I will go back to him and beg his forgiveness." Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband wes dead? It Eesmed so, She bad been in a hospital, it appeared from fcer conversation, She mifcht know nothing. "Kizzy," she eaid, taking the wan lacs between her banda-the face that had nothing to reoommend it now but its pathos-"Kizzy, you will never go baok to your husband." Keziah started, nut at the words she had heard but at the tone, Sae looked for more, and did not Bpeak. " Kizzy, my 'own love, you ais free; your husband is dead," Keziah flang herself upon the oouch and sobbed hysterically. "Ob, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. "Ob, that I had been a better wife to him. It might never had ended BO." And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziah and laid har head beside hers and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. "Kizzy," she Baid in her ear, "at least if you did not go away with him you have left him now." Keziah started up at the words and looked her friend in the face. " I-go away with him, Maud, Who darea to say it 1" Maud only cried, " Toank God, it is not true." 41 True, Maud," said Keziah, " No; I have Bunk low, but not so low as that." " Oh, Kizzy forgive me for having believed it," said Maud numbly. "Bat you see it looked so much like it that you and he should both disappear. " He disappear!" exclaimed Kez'.ah al frightedly. " Is he not in Leamington then ?" "No, he haB never been heard of since that niaht. Your brother Jubal came in here ani told me all about it," [To Ic continued) 