LADY CHEITWYNDS SPECTRE, CHAPTER XLVII. A VEXATIOUS INTRUDER. 'I have been inclined to believe the person a housemaid engaged in man querading. She might wear a waxen mask, you know, such masks are not difficult toobta;n. Or 'she m'ight be some Incognita, or Anonyma, from London,who had once seen Lady Ohet wynd,and who was either endowed by nature with similar features to. those of the dead marchioness,or who,undei stood the art of getting herself up to resemble her Ladyship. Lord Obetwynd was particularly struck with the eyes of the woman. They were big, and brown eyes are not onccmmon, In good truth,Mr Bisset, I think the Anonyma theory the moetprobable. Some design ing woman might hope from her chance resemblance to Lord Chetwynd irst wife to become his second. She might begin by piquing his curiosity, and startling him with her likeness to the dead. Shb may have purposly allowed him to eatch her sleeve the other night. She may intend to suffer him to grasp her form next. People work out their plans by rtrange ways sometism. And hetwynd Park is a great prize to work for;and Mirs Monk's gaze turned towards the house, and swept over the park and filds and farm spread before oar like a picture. 'It is, indeed, a glorious prize,' said the detective ofhcer,bat his gaze dwelt upon, Miss Monk and not upon the scene around him. He was regarding her with sing. ular and flattering intentness. Possi. bly he was studying her; but if so Miss Monk did not suspect it. Miss Monk never did anything brusquely or abruptly. She turnmed her half averted had with the swift ness of a serpent, and as silently, and she met the full admiring gaze of Mr Biust fixed upon her. He did not give her time to speak, saying in his drawling voice 'As you are so interested is the dies overy of t c kpoo k e icotie9l. ) . I knew you will lend me all assistance in your power in my search for oher. Can you give me an accurate de eription of herself and her dreess 'I must refer you to Lord Chetwynd for information on those points, sir. I have never seen the woman,' asserted Miss Monk adhering, to her original denial, and without suspicion that her brother had declared that she had seen the supposed spectre, but had feared to own to the fsot,lest she shouldstrength en Lord Ohetwynd's supposed de lusion: Mr Bisset's careless eyes began to concentrate their gaze upon the young lady. 'Pardon me,' he said but did you not see the supposed spectre either on its mfirtor last appearanoenef Miss'Monk in replied the negative. 'But Lord Ohetwyd declared that you were looking directly towards it, Miss Monk. How is it possible, that if you looked towards the doorway; you did not see the figure standing in it. 'I am not fond of abstruse specula tions, Mr Bisset,' said Miss Monk, with a touch of superciliousness. 'Do you know your manner of putting that last 'question savoured of cross questioning, and would have been a suitable address to a 'prisoner at the barl' It is enough, is it not if I say I did not see the woman, to prove that I did not see herg' 'Mr Monk says yon did. see her.' Sylvia's face darkened, and a savage glitter brightened her eyes. 'Did he say thatTshe asked in a hies. ing voice. 'He did. He told Lord Ohetwynd that you had seen the spectre on each occasion,' said the detective cooly. The savage look on Miss Monk's face deepened; She crested her black head like a serpent about to dart upon' its prey. Her breath care quick and hard. Her suspicion that Gilbert was playing against her seemed to receive additional confirmation. For the moment she hated her brother with a deadly hatred, such as must have once filled the soul of the first murderer. 'If you prefer Mr Monk's,word to mine the said at last, in a fierce hiss a:cept it. But as I own my own visual organs, and as I never said to any human being that Ihad seen the ghost I may perhaps, be permitted to adhere to my original decision. I did not see the supposedjspectre, anid I'll swear to that effect it necessary.' 'Your word is sufficient, Miss Monk said the offcer"polit.ly. _..' There has been some singular mistake, that is al. But permit me to inquire how it happened that, looking directly' at her as you did, you did not see this myster ious visitor of Lord Chetwyndl' 'I have yet to say that I looked direct ly at her air,' said Miss Monk, be ginning to recover herself. You must take things for grants d nor allow others to tell you what I did, or thought or felt. I did not look in the direction of 'be doorway, and so I eschped. see ing the a;sparition. She shivered a little, and drew 'her clock closer around her, and resumed her slow walk, Mr Bisset keeping pace beside her. They had taken but a turn or two when the old East Indian woman came out of the house; and strode swiftly towards them with an Indian scarf thrown across her arm. In her doll hued turban, herlong gold ear. rings, her gold foreign costume withher dusky skin, ehivelled and withered and crinkled, her still supple figure, and her bead like eyes, she old Hindoo woman presented a strikingly Ficture .que appearance. Mr Bisset watched her approach through his eyeglass . 'An odd person to find in prosaic England, Miss Monk,' he. said. 'She looks like a figure out of the 'Arabian Nights.' 'She is only'my old ayab, whom I brought with me from India,' said the young lady. She nursed me in my in fancy, and is devoted to me. But I have seenagreat many Hindoo women in England,Mr Bisset. It is quite common England families returning from India on a visit to bring their native nurses with them,' Rages came up at this juncture, and presented the scarf,. and to her:mls. ress; begging her to throe it over her riead,least she should take cold. Sylvia complied with the request. The Hin doo cast a distrustful glance at the detective officer,and said in a low voice in the Hindoostance tongue- 'Beware, missyl The butler has just old me that thisis the detective.. I eade an aexcuse to come and warn you. He will try to worm out of you con radictory saying: I like him not.' 'Bahi' said Miss Monk replying, in the'ameflanguage. 'Don't be foolish, Ragee. The fellow is a mere fop- a London 'swll I know who. te was when I saw him. He introduced him elf to me under his tree colours. You need never fear for me, I am always en my guard.' 'Yes missy,' said the old woman logbtfully; 'bot Ilike him not. He loks a 'swells' but can you net seel He is deep-very deep. I can look beneath )be suface, missy. He is not'what ;ha lsems, Iam afraid of him.' Miss Monk laughed, and the Bindon woman reluctantly retired. There wvea loud enher dusky brows, and an anxious look in her eyes, an she retreated to the hogase, Sbome instinct w.p0d ber &th; Wa p %uir, JIihls tellow,with his affectation,his eyeglass, and his drawling accent, was more to be feared than any other. 'My ayah is a good old soul;' said Miss Monk in English, addressing Mr Bisset, 'but she seems to think me a delicate invalid, whomust be cosseted continually. She speaks a little English, but usurlly addresses me in her own tongue. The Hindostance is as sweet and mellifluous as honeyed wine. All she had to say to me was that I must guard against this insidious sea breeze, and to remind me of an ill ness it once caused me; but you heard how the word rolled off her tongue in music. Ah, the Hindostanee tongue is sweet to my ears. Its words were the first my baby tongue lisped, and I suppose that I shall speak: it; last .of all.' 'The Hindoo tongue is mellifluous, as you say, MiPs Monk,' Mr Bisset remarked. '1 like it, but it is not the language for a great literature. Give we our sturdy English tongue, our study English people, and our sturdy English literature. Those soft, sweet, tropical tongues go with the soft,sweet, indolent, tropical nature. I call those natures sweat, but'he sweetness is often that of poison,' 'You ought to study Hindostanee, Mr Bisset.' The dete:tive's odd smile deepened. 'Did I not tell that I was born inIndial' he asked. 'I was. The Hindostanee was the first language I ever spoke, for like you,I had a native nurse, and my mother died in my first year of life.' Miss Monk's dark face paled. 'Youn-you understand Hindostanee, thenr' she said. 'Very well indeed,' answered the officir coolly. 'I lived is India until I was about. Or. reaching my majority I went back to look after some pro perty left me by my father,and I rema tod there some five years, studying the language and the people. I am preparing two books for the press in the intervalstof my professional labour. One book is upon the effect of English civilization in India, describing the manners and customs of the natives, their habits,dispositions,and character. istice, and will be very comprehensive. It is already in the hands of the Long mans. The other book not yet com pleted, is a manual of the Hindoetanee language, a vade mecumn for the use of the English in India comprising grammar, glossary, and ao forth, in one .volume.' Miss Monk listened to this revelation in., &dead; silence. She comprehended that the officer had heard and under stood Ragee's warning words, and anger and fear struggled together in her breast for the mastery. 'I must say,' she declared after a pause 'that your conduct in listening to my ayab's private communication to me is not what I consider honourable. 'I might retort that it is not consider good breeding to use a foreign language before people who are believed not to understand it,' said the detective good hqmouredly, 'But, Miss Monk,no advantage will be taken of your ayah's warning,against sme. Her words were of little consequ ence either way. I had come to several conclusions before she appeared, and her words did not affect those con clusions.' 'May I ask what those conclusions are.' 'I regret not to be able to inform you' madam,' said Bisset, respectfully. 'I never make confidants in my profession al business. I could not even conclusion to Lord Ohetwynd at this premature stage of investigation. Of one thing, however I beg you to feel assured-I am interested in this mystery of Lady Ohetwynd spectre and I am determined to solve it. I shall work night and day to that end.' His voice was no longer drawling and affected. He spoke calmly, gravely as is he had weighed well every word he uttered. . Miss Monk fancied that there was an undercurrent of strange sighificance \--almost of menace-in his voice. jShe regarded him sharply,and now she saw in-the fop like face a deeper meaning,a greater depth of character than she had imagined him to possess. 'Ion must remember that I have romised -you a magnificent reward in the event of your success, Mr Bisset' sheisaid. 'lam very anxious to see this designing woman detected and punished and I advise you to look for her, first of all, among the housemaids.' 'Thanks for the suggestion; but I have already planned my course of action, Miss Monkl said the oflM;er courteously, 'and I have no wish to change it. Pardon me for having in. truded. upon you for so lung a eime, and acoept my thanks for the assistance you have rendered me. I will now join Lord Ohetwynd and his distinguished guest. - , ..- -. He raised hishat again with languid grac imand walked away towards the house. , Miss Monk stood still, and gazed after him witO knitted browscompressed lips, and a strange Steely gleam in- her black eyes. ... 'What does he mean by: the 'bsisl tance I have rendered hime'she thought, 'What bave ? I saidi Who would have thought that he underitood' Hind'o staneel What is tob ethe esl' - She resumed her sinuous, swift walk along the terrace, her terrors and her passions g?awing like vultures at her * . - I OHAPTER XLVIII. TRACES OF THE 'sPECTRE.' Mr Bisset entered the house, and made his way to the grand old library. Lord Ohetwynd and Mr Tempest were seated at one of the tables conversing. Mr Tempest had not yet told Lord Ohetwynd in what relation he had stood towards the late yoong marchioness. He-. could not Efnd the courage to tell his lordship that Bernice was his own child, whom he had abandoned in her helpless infancy, giving her up to strangers, who knew not her name ror his. And as Bernice was dead, Tempest thought, the truth might well be buried with her. He looked up, as did Chetwynd, as B.sset's enter ance.. 'Come in, sir,' said the marquois,witb the courtesey that distinguished him. Have you gained any light upon the toystery yet, sirl But of course not. You've beenhere but a few hours. I fear the task will prove more difficult than you think.' 'Trust me, my lord,' said Bisset earnestly. 'I am on the right track already. I have gained no especial light directly upon the mystery, but I begin to see my way. I beg you to ask me no questions at present, but to give me time. I have not now come interrupt your virit with Mr Tempest, but to ask you to place a saddled horse at my disposal. 1 desire toabsent myself upon this business for some hours. I may not be back until to morrow morning.' 'Take your own time Mr Bieset,' responded the marquis. 'Come and go at pleasure. Here is a night key, which you requested. I shall order one of my favourite horses to be saddle immediately, and it shall be yours during your stay here. I said 'im mediatelh . ' Did I not under. stand that you desire the horse directlyl' The officer assented, and Lord Chet wynd rang the bell and gave the requiste order. Mr Bisset waited until a servant announced that the horse was in waiting, and the detective took his leave. He found the horse equipped and waiting for him at the carriage porch. He mounted and rode down the avenue just as Miss Monk approached the house. He raised h;s hat respectfully and rode on. In a few minutes he had passed out at the lodge gates, and was on his way to the village of Ohetwynd by-Sea. At the end of the park, somewhere near the spotlat which he had previous ly encountered him, he met Gilbert Monk. He did not stop on this occas ion, but raised his hat and rode on. 'Where the deuce is he goingl'thought Monk. - 'He evidently means business. Bernice is safe, so let him ride to and fro to his heart's content.' Mr Bisset did not stop many min utes at. Chetwynd-by-Sea. He rode into the inn stable yard and had a brief ?interview with a stable.boy, and then rode out again and pushed on to Eastbourne. He had secured the address of the flyman who had brought Bernice over to Ohotwynd village upon her last visit to the Park. On arriving at Esatbourne he sought out this flyman, going to the stable. Iewasat the cab stand, he wees told, or else under employs ment. Mr Bisset rode to the cab stand, and aftera little inquiry found his man. He set to work to question him, .pre. facing the interview with the bestowal of a abilline. Hejf6and the man communicative. In reply to his close questions he learned that a young veiled lady had hired the fly in question on the' pre vious Tuesday night, on the arrival of down express. She had arrived in that train. 'The driver had not seen her face. She was slender, a mere slip of girl, in fact,with a sweet, low voice a graceful step, and a gentle refined manner. The flyman was ready to swear that she was a lady. She hired him to take her to Ohetwynd-by-Sea, and wait for her theretwo hours agree. ing to return with him. He was not a man to task his beast for so long a drive night without getting a doble fear. He drove the lady to Ohetwynd village. At the top of the street she hatLot. o ut. hiddirnhghim driveon to the Inn and wait for her there. That was the last he had seen of her. 'They say she meant to give you the slip,' said Bissat artfully, that she is a farmer's daughter living outOhetwynd way, and offered you the return fare as a bait. 'She's no farmer's daughter,' said the dyman, doggedly. 'I'll swear to that. Why she carried herself as proud ms a qneen. You could see she was used to servants. And she didn't offer me the return as a bait neither. She was a true lady, above lying, I'll be bound. 'Then why didn't she returan to youl' k 'I don't know that. She might have been taken ill-she hada weak sort of way, as if abe.wasa nt well nourished. Or she might have fallen into trouble. Or perhaps she was detained,and came in after I had gone.' S'No she's not beei seen at the lon,.'.. 'Thei I can't think what kept her bock, sir, I hope no one has hurt her, that I do,' No fuirther information was to he obtained from the flyman, but Mr Bis. t uid pot ? ppew dirtsti.ied. espTre Ithe man another shilling and said. ,What's the next station that the express stops ati' Theflymaninformed him, and the officer rode away. 'If the mysterious girl was badly frightened byLord Chetwynd's sucecess ful clutch at her,' thought the detective riding on, 'she would fear to return to Eastbourne. She would apprehend diseovery at the station, fearing his Slordship would send after her. She would be obliged to spend some hours at Eastbourne, if she had returned in the fly at the time she appointed, and she might dread to go at that late hour ton hotel. She would not be able to account for her arrival at two or three o'clock in the morning. What would she naturally del A bold crea. ture of the Anonyma stamp would take oft her mask,or change her attire. and return to Eastbourne, and trust to luck to help her ont. Women of that stamp are like cats. They always fall on their feet. But suppose the girl to be timid unused to the world, proud and sensitive, and fearful of discorery. She moust return to London, we will suppose. What would she naturally do in such a casel She would abandon the fly and walk to the nearest station, granting that she knew the road. If my theory is so far correct,I shall hear news of sty spectre at Nutgate.' He struck out briskly over the pleasant Sussex roadonihis way to Nut gate. In less than an hour he rode up to the little country station at which Bernice had booked herself for London. A train was expected presently, and the ticket clerk sat in his office at the open window, awaiting passengers,who did not appear, in quest of the tickets. Mr Bisset left his horse in charge of a lounger and went into the sta. tion. 'Where to, sirl' said the ticket clerk briskly,as the detective'sface and figure darkened the window. 'Nowhere, in particular,' replied the offic r, good natured. 'Have a cigar sir I wish to take the liberty to make an inquiry which you may be able to answer, Yesterday morning a young lady went up tolLondon alone by train, and I am uneasy about her. To tell you the truth, air. she went away secretly. Didshe go from this station -a young lady dressed in a double gray veil and gray hat and feather. The ticket clerk accepted the cigar, andinibbled at it as if to determine it quality, and then,thrusting it into his pocket for futureO enjoyment on the platform ontaide,responded 'There was such a young lady at this station early yesterday morning, sit,. I didn't:see her face, it being hidden by the veil. She seemed to me as if she had walked long,and was tired out. She went up first class, lady's carriage,to London. Was it a runaway, sirl' 'Something liae that,' smiled Bisset. Thanks I am quite satisfied.' He returned to his horse, mounted, and set out on his return to Chetwynd Park. 'lMy business is concluded sooner than I expected;' he mused. 'I shall be back in time to dress for dinner. My excursion has been a success. The spectre went up to London. 'First class!l' A lady, evidently, 'Ladies car.. riage!' &odest;, I shouldesay. The spectre has a haunt in Lundon. She is there now, as she thinks, safe, She must know Obetwynd House well to appear in the doorway of the drawing and music rooms, and in my lordships chamber, as he once saw her. The next move is to search the house, He returned to Ohetrynd Park, arriving in tins for dinner. Lord Chetwynd was there, and greeted him courteously, recognizing his claims as a gentleman, but forbearing to ask hi where he!had been, or what he had accomplished. Mr Tempest came in followed by Gilbert Monk. And the last of all, her swarthy beauty set off by her topaz or of ornaments and a robe of rich yellow silk that trailed1far behind her came Miss Monk. Lord Ohatwynd came forward to meet her, and drew her arm in his and conducted her into the centre of the room. ' " , Te .,Miu;Monkaoknowldged 'Mr Tem. pest with a graceful compliment to his courage, his perseverance, and his scintific research. The great explorer bowed his thanks. Shejacknowledged the 'presence Mlr Bisset with a super. ciliousort of condescension. Sylvia had been inclined to dazzle him by her beauty her splendour, and her friend. liness, but oddly enough, Mr'Bisset was not crushed, Dinner was announced at eight o'clock. Lord Ohetwynd led the way to the dining hall and Miss Monk followed leaning on Tempest's arm. Gilbert Monk and Mr Bisset brought up the rear . " After dinner the party returnedto the drawing room. Ooffee was'drank, slin Monk played a brilliant operatic per formance, and sang also, Mr;Tempest was induced to rehearse some of his adventures in foreign 'climes. The evening slipped away pleasantly. At eleven o'clock Miss Monk retired, and soon after Gilbert Monk, yawsigg over a story of life and adventure, and as /anxious for an interview with his sister as she was anxious for an interview wjthhim, also said good ?ight, asd retired. Mr Tempewt arose to follew thei eaPple;, 'Be good enough to remain a few minutes, air,' said the detective,quietly. 'I have something to say to Lord CObe, wynd, and I believe his lordship has admitted you, Mr Tempest, into his counsels. Lord Chetwynd assented. Bisset went to the door, walking upon his toes, and listened. Re locked the door and returned. 'I have ascertained my lord,'he said a in a business manner,'that the 'spectre' of Ohetwynd Park arrived from London at Eastbourne on Tuesday night. She drove over to Ohetwynd-by-Sea in a I fly, promising to go back some two a hours later in the same vehiole. Be. ) coming frightened at her near discovery by your lordship, she did not go back t in the fly, but walked to INunsgate, where she took, yesterday morning, the I up express for London. She was alone throughout, having no confederates. SShe was young, well bred, a lady, and was dressed in grey, and wore a double veil of grey grenadine.' Lord Ohetwynd and Mr Tempest I were alike surprised at this store of information. '1 havereasons to believe that the young lady has a den in this house, or confederates. For reasons of my own I incline to the former theory. I believe that the spectre does not carry to and fro her white silk grave gown. She certainly changes her dresses after her arrival here, and before she" goes. She would naturally have her dressing room in this house, and as lonely a room as could be obtained. I desire to examine the garrets, my lord and to be accompanied by your lordship and,Mr Tempest. Can we go up to them privately- unseen?' COertainly. I willcall Mr Monk to go with us-' 'I; beg your lordship not to call Mr Monk,' interposed Bieset. 'I cannot work with so many. Oan we three not go alone, my lord?' SOhetwynd assented. He rang for the butler and ordered candles, which were hbo't?ht.' 'We w'll go now, if you choose, Mr Bisset,' sa:ithe marquis. 'The house is still. I a s anxious to examine the white robe, if it be in the house. I shall know if it be the one my wife wore, if we really find it. Come.' He led the way up by private stairs to the garrets, Mr Tempest and Mr Bisset followinghim. Both his lordship and the explorer were anxious, tremb ling, excited; but Bisset was calm and unmoved, as one who marches on to certain victory. OHAPTER XLIX. AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. While Lord Chetwynd,Mr Tempest, and Bisset, the detective, were investi. gating the attic of the great house for some vest ge of the recent presence of the 'spectr' visitor of Ohetwynd Perk, Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were arriving at a mutual understanding. Miss Monk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving the drawing room. She had exchanged her dinner dress of gold coloured silk for her scarlet dress. ing gown of India cashmer embroidered heavily with gold. Her glittering topazes still swung in her swarthy ears She was carelessly knotting a gold cord with tassels of bullion about her waist, when a knock was heard upon the door of her boudoir. 'It is Gilbert,' said Miss Monk. "I know his knock. Let him in,Ragee. The old Bindoo woman obeyed. Miss Monk followed her attendant into her boudoir, just as Gilbert Monk was admitted, Ragee locked the door be hind him. 'This is an unexpected pleasure, GilLert,' said Miss Monk ironically. 'You have not been very brotherly of late. I have fancied, indeed that you avoided me. Won't you take a seat?' 'Thanks,' said Monk lazily, 'I don't care if I dol' and he settled himself luxuriously in a stuffed lounging chair. 'I noticed that you wanted to see me. Besides I have something particular to say to you. Where is Rageed' He looked around. The East Indian woman had curled herself up upon a pile of hassocks in a distant corner, and evidently intended to remain in the room throughout the interview: She scowled darkly back at Monk, with a shadow of menace in her stealthy eyes. 'What I have to say to you Sylvia, sa;d her brother,'is for your ears alone. You'd better send your woman a way.' 'You can say nothing that I am not willing my woman should hear,' replied Miss Monk coldly. 'Ragee is fully in my confidence. She will remain.'. 'Oh very well,'said Gilbert sneeringly. Idon t doubt that she in you confidence, Sylvia andI would as soon speak before her, although she is not in mine. I have but a dozen words to say toyou. The spectre of Chetwynd Park turns out to be a living woman. Being.therefore, no unreal v eionsno vlsi tint from another world,it follows ithat you must have seen her at least twice.' Such being the case, I was forced to tell Chet wynd, in order to lull ?oey possible se-. picion that might arise.m so his mind that yout hsad seen the spec tre guest, but had denied the fact . through your anxiety in regard to his lordship. I believe that I told him that you thought the visitor in whitea blon ada ghost, and that you feared that your acknowledgement that yon had seen it might prove injor!ous to Chetwynds already excited soul. I protected you in short, with the rarest dolbley said blu astes j - • - . .. .. . for you has deepened with this evidence of your care and love for him. I should have mentioned the matter earlier, but in the press of my own ffairas I forgot it. 1 am in time, however s nee that detective has not had speech with you alone, and Chetwynd has not had time to question you, that is all. I will new go to my room.' Miss Monk stood before himher swarthy cheeks burning, her black eyes open wide, and emitting a lurid blaze,. 'One moment,' abe said, imperiously. 'This interview is not yet ended. Why did you tell Boy that I had seen the ghost?' 'Because he qaestioned me. He knew you looked directly at the spectre, and that if she were human you must have seen her, He had proved that she was human; therefore,l made a virture of nec eseity,and told the truth. You have my n arning in time,and you can easily excuse your falsehood or preverication by dosltr- , nug your love and anxiety for his lordship. I have come here simply to say this, and nothing more. I do not choose to preleog the interview. He arose.. The Hindoo woman had already uncurled herself from the pile of hassocks, and glided like a panther to the door. She locked it now, at a swift motiorjfrom her mistrees,and withdrew the key. Monk heard the metallic click caused by the turning of the bolt, and sprang to. wards the door as the east Indian woman retreatedfromit. He was thus a moment too late. '1 choose that you shall cive me now a private Interview. 'I have much to say to you; you had better resume youear seat.' Monk was himself again. He bowed quietly, making the best of ,the situation, and resumed his seat.' 'Well,' he said with an air of assumed nouchalence, 'what is the communication you have to say to me?' 'In the first place,' replied Miss Monk, angrily, 'the communication you have just made to me comes too late.' 'Too late?' 'Too late. I have had an interview with this detective officer. He asked me to describe the mysterious visitor who au sumed to play the part of spectre. I have always denied to Lord Chetwynd that I had seen her. How could I go back upon my solemn denial? I must adhere to it at any and all coast. I denied to Mr Bis. set point blank that I had seen the'spectre. He then told me that ycuhad said that I had seen it. I adhered to my denial still. What he thinks of me I don't know. How dare you interfere in's my business in this matter? How dare you assert that I had seen this strange woman?' '1 could not do otherwise. I was driven to the wall as it were. I oeant to warn you in time, but no harm is done. This detective is a poor witted fellow, a dandy, a fop, a West end swell. He base't two ideas above an oyster. His fashionable garments, his scented hair parted in the... middlUtc, bit eoper oan bta lrawl, snow what he is. He is of gentle blood, and has got into his present position through influence. The superintendent sent him on here as a show detective, that is all. Miss Monk's lips curled in scorn. Have you so little perception as your words seem to evince?'she exclaimed; Are yru io blind, so doll. so stupid? This Bisset is one of the keenest men in the force. He cultivates his dandy exterior to conceal his real character. He is a human sleuth hound. He stupidl You never made a worse mistake in your life. He is keen, terribly dengerous. .J.tra Monk laughed derisively. 'You invest him with all the qualities of a detective in a novel,' he said. 'I have not done him full justice even. Be on your guard against him, Gilbert. He will worm your secretsa ut of you de spite your efforts to retain them. Why to-day, when I walked with him on the terrace, Rages heana that he was the detective and came out on some pretence to warn me to be on my guard against him! Regee spoke tome in Hiindestanse and when she was gone he smilingly told me how he admired the Hindostanee tongue. He h'd lived in India. and knows the language thoreoogly. He has even written a grammer of it,. 'The deucel' 'How much he knows, or how little, I cannot gues; but he knows more than you think. He also told me that he had a'udiedthe Hindoo character,and there'was somethiogin the way he saidit, something in his eyes, voice, manoer, thatl, made me think the words were strangely sigoificdnt. He may possibly suspect something of what has happened here-but so, i is Impossiblel I thought it impossible that 1 should ever blun4er,yet I have bludered twice to-day. Firsts in regard to having seen the mysterious visitor in the Park, God sesond, in assuming his ignorance of Hindostanee. One cannotjbe too guard. ed when one has somqoh:at stake.*, .. , 'It cannot see that any irreparable harm is done; said Monk,thoughtfully. Grant, log thatBiseet is all you say, he is bat human. He can't be so very shrewd as to see far beneath the surface.' 'You think so? He has taken up his profession from sheer love of it. His faculties are all trained in ens direction to. pry out mysteries. Be is like a hound who has been trained.to perfection. He has but to scent a mystery, to engage with ill his soul in the task of unearthing st. If aoysecret ishbiddenin this henouse he will bringitto light. You are danger, aswtellt al, leannotbhburried dowuto ruinwithoet dragging you with me. You have be?n playing against me this last year Gilbert but,iltell you you had better work with me rather, than against She spoke fiercely, in a tone ef meesae. Mont affected to fail to comprehend her.r. 'How have I played againat you' be :'shed,. : Miss Monk crested her head forward upen her long neck, shbe Cried uat with greater fierceness- \--Whereis Bernice Che winud?' MIonketarted and cbaoged colotur. He hbd expected the question, yet, when it came 'he was not prepared for it lashe not inhere ffiu?' caid he snaking a feeble attemue to 'eeover himtelf. To be continued. lo0s-ulr., The German Eambmaerotio, curer Bruises, Woonda, Sprln Moo AHke. s.ose and kindred diseases i?n Pe*.nsues st·~raieuysY 