The Inspiration of the Bible AT a meeti g of the Newcastle Minis ters' Association, held on Monday last, the following papero was read by the Rev. Charles W'hyce, M.A., pastor of the Congregational Church: The subject is so large that I can only attempt to place before you the merest morsel in the few minutes allowed to me. My duty is simply to say something by way of commencing a dioeussion, on the subject. To begin at once, ]) say first, that the Bible has to prove its own inspiration. If the Bible cannot carry conviction to me of its inspiration, it cannot oepecfr me to believe it. It must command my respect. If it is inspired, it must inspire me. If it is true, it must prove itself true. It must carry its own cre dentials with it. For the Bible to assert its own inspiration is no proof of its inspiration. For any man, or body of men, or church to assert its inspiration is no proof of its inspira tion. If the Bible has to depend on such assertion it is not inspired. If it has to be placed and kept on the pedestal of authority by haman hands it is a dead thing. If it needs but. tressing with human authority or self assertion, it is not worth our while upholding it. The Bible must make its own place and find its own level. It is not worth our while trembling for this ark, for if it needs our tremb. ling it is not worth our trembling. If it is not capable of maintaining its title to inspiration, our strength in defending it is spent for naught. If the inspiration of the Bible is not independent of human testi mony, it is not inspired. The sun proves its own existence by shining. The wind convinces us that it exists by blowing, whether in the zephyr or the hurricane. A man proves that he is alive by living; and the Bible must also prove its inspira tion by inspiring. We know that there has been, and that there still is, far too much dependence on mere authority. In some quartersalmost the sole and all-sufficient argument is, 'The Bible is the word of God; there fore you must believe it.' And the more perfect the authority the less the Bible is needed. Sometimes in busii ness there is an invisible and inexor able partner in the back room, and when any difficult case arises, he must be consulted, and there is no'appeal from his fiat. Some people make the Bible such an invisible and inexorable partner. Almost anything else would do as well: indeed the human authority is the final appeal after all. Human authority some times keeps the Bible in its own hands, and interprets it as it please. Now the whole spirit of our Protes tantism is against this authority. In stead of trying to hold the sun up in the sky we demand that it be allowed to shine. Our Protestantism has never been through-going enough, and we have often felt as if after all the Bible needed our support; but thisprinciple, that the Bible is quite capable of standing on its own merits, and that it requires only to be allowed to speak for itself, is characteristic of our attitude towards critics and de tractors of the word of God. Our habit is to thrust the Bible forward as needing no support from us, but as its own witness. And so far as we have seen, whatever stumbles against it is broken; and upon whatsoever it has fallen it has ground it to pieces. We therefore, secondly, put as our first and most conclusive argument for the inspiration of the Bible, the testi mony of Christian consciousness. It has given God to man, therefore it is from God. The revelation of God and the Bible are in separable from one another. God and the Word are one. Christ is the living Word; and the Bible is that word, written for us, and made the mirror of God. And since man is made in the image of God, the Chris tian consciousness finds in the Bible both the revelation of God and of true manhood ; and sees the perfect corres pondence between the human heart and God. The Gospel meets the wants of sinners. The God revealed in the Bible meets the wants of Christians. The Word of God suits man as man, and once the heart has truly seen God it is con. tent. This proof is beyond argu ment. It is knowledge at first hand, which does not require subsidiary proof. It is more than saying, ' I know because of the effects produced in me;' it simply says 'I know.' It is not inference, but in tuition. Of course, to other men who have not this consciousness the effects must be the proof. But to those who have this consciousness the conscious ness is sufficient proof. I do not think we sufficiently rely on this proof. The eagerness to convince others takes our attention from the main proof. The impossibility of imparting to others our own consciousness leads us to undervalue this evidence. In the presence of detractors and sceptics we are too ready to yield to the clamour for tests, and let their Babel overpower the eternal voice within. Yet, when driven back upon ourselves and God, when we want more life and comfort and essential argu ment, our assurance comes from con sciousness, and we say ' [know.' We open our Bibles, and our hearts swell under the influence as we read, and the still small voice rises clear and authori tative, and weknow'. The Word and the Christian consciousness together form to us the highest authority on this earth. These two fit each other as the eye and the light, the air and the lungs, the ear and sound, food and the digestive organs. In the Bible God meets us, and the breath of eternity plays upon us; the veil is lifted, and the light shines in upon us; we are in the * holy of holies; *sin and the world relax their hold upon us, and holy motives urge us up> "ard; a fountain of joy begins to werl up within us; ind the soul unsheat~h its wings. With the mass of Ghr,."stians this testimony from consciousns qss is the chie and almost sole argtu ent for the inepiration of the Bible, even when they dc not realise that . :. 5 so, but think that their conviet\ on comes from other sourcea. ThirdJl" there is the historical argumers. I think we should distinguis.v bteween The authenticity and in spiration of Scripture. Prove that in all the tooks which compose the library of Scripture we have the pre cise words ol the authors, and shat the books were written by the imen to whom they are attributed, and we have still to prove their inspiration. aistorical and critical research so 1a, do not touch the question of inspira tion. Without any historical investi gation we might be convinced of the inspiration of the Bible; and after criticism has- done its utmost we may still be convinced. So far as criticism has gone it has verified the bulk of the prevalent opinions concerning the Bible;.. and no part of it, even where these opinions were wrong, has been discredited. Moses is still the author of the Pentateuch, and Isaiah of the book which goes by his name, even if we admit that there was a Deutro.Isaiab, who gathered up and added a supplement to the Book. Daniel still survives the spattering fire of skirmishers. The Gospels and Epistles remain intact, and the book of Revelation, as well as the Gospel and Epistles of John, are regarded as the works of ' the disciple whom Jesus loved.' Regarding the historical criticism that is going on, Professor Fairburn said the other day : ' There is what is manifestly a far more creative, because a far more historical, spirit than regulated the movement of the previous generation. It is necessary to say that one thing that marks the entire current of thought is this, that its spirit is through and through pro foundly historical; and because his torical, profoundly critical. Now mark. To say that it is historically true is just to say this : that it is determined to get face to face with things as they were, and, therefore, with things as they are. Now, one phase that is taken has led on the one side to the recovery of the Holy Scriptures, and on the other side to the recovery of their great historical person. I do not hesitate to say that our theology is marked more than anything by the recovery of Christ.' He continues : 'I am not one that thinks that systematic theo logy is done with; I believe it is beginning to be. But there is a vast difference between systematic theology and agglomerative dogmatic.' And, again: 'And while you get the creative principle of all systematic theology through the living consciousness of the one living Son, perfect and abso lute, you get, do you not, also the great significance of the historical order and revelation, that while it terminated in Him, also in Him began ? I stand to plead for this historical criticism has given us back the lost Scriptures. Instead of say ing that we had in the old doctrine a doctrine of inspirations I am prepared to maintain that we lost it, and turned what was meant to be a great living history of redemption into a re pository of evidential texts, un scientifically used, and meant only for occasional service.' There is no doubt at all that this historical and other research have been of immense benefit to us in show ing us how thoroughly reliable in every respect our Bible is, and giving us the satisfaction of seeing by demonstration that in accepting its inspiration we need not fear for its general veracity and scientific pre cision. We have learned much from the scientific criticism of the creation so remarkably foreshortened in the Book of Genesis ; but the best of it is that we have learned that it is true. Traditions of the flood have been found in all parts of the globe, in the most unexpectediquarters, and among the most degraded. It used to be thought that the Bible had made a mistake in putting descendants of Ham in Assyria, but later research has proved it right. The graves of ancient citieshave opened, and the dead have spoken and verified Bible history. I have said that the inspiration of the Bible and its authenticity are two different things. Nevertheless, its authenticity being proved, its inspira tion follows. So much of it is super naturalithat you have only to prove it authentic, to prove it inspired, and the manner of recounting the history is, as remarkable as the contents. It is impossible for me to go fully into this. Let me refer to only one evidence, that of prophecy. To say that there is much prophecy in Scripture, is not to say all, for it not only contains prophecies, but it is prophetic. The central prophecy is Christ. From the first announcement in Paradise, the prophecy becomes more and more luminous. How did Abraham know that in him all the families of the earth were to be blessed, &nd; that throqgh Isaac the promise was to come ? Moses spoke of another pro phet, who should arise like him. Who taught him this truth ? Where did David learn that in a descendant of his the promise was to be fulfilled ? Who showed him the sufferings of the Messiah, as described in the 22nd -Psalm, and the triumphs of the 22nd and 110th Psalms. Isaiah saw his Lord suffering, rejected, wounded, slain, yet rising vic torious, and bringing in glory and power, and an eternal kingdom. Micah foretold Christ's birth at Bethlehem. Daniel gave the date. Malachi described his forerunner. Bosea mentions his sojourn in Egypt. His priesthood as after the order of Melchiaedek is announced in the 110th Psalm. The history of the Jews is foretold in Scripture. The predictions concerning Assyria, Baby. ion, Egypt, and Tyro were fulfilled. The epistle to the Hebrews shows that all the law and sacrifices as well as the prophecies- foreshadowed the life and death and reign of Christ. Other evidences I cannot stay to refer to. Henry Rogers bases his book on 'the superhuman origin of the )Bible' on this thesis-that e o Bible is not such a book as man wk Id have made if he could, or could ka'W made if no would.' The great faet o .;nspiration is to mo of so much more itsr. ortance than the explanation of t. thllat I feel comparatively little interest in r50w question-What is in spiration ? KTho Bible is a revelation of God, both L's to what He is, and what He has do.'e. It reveals God's relation Cto man ; and therefore con tains a revelation o.f man, both as to what he ie, and what he should be. 'his revelation God" has given us through man: 'P Holy men of old spoke as they were m oved by the Holy Ghost.' Even the history of God incarnate, the man' Ch'ist Jesus, is given us through me aoome of whom knew Jesus peraonally, while others wrote from the informati'os' they could gather. In any case, we believe that the revelation is God's own. He chose the men through whom He spoke or wrote, and the lauauage in which the Book is witten is so choice and adequate; and so' different from the style of other bookes; that we re gard it as divinely chosen, That the language should adequately express the fact or thought is all we demand, and in Scripture we ha7e this; The time at my command will not alwo: me to go farther. I only regret that I could not do more justice to so great a subject. 