THE TRAVELLER. AN ITINERARY. [By an Itinerant.] X.—Dunediu to Christchurch—Oamaru and its " Drought"—Frozen Meat—The Mysterious "Frost Fish"—The best Route to Mount Cook—Timaru and its Breakwater — Dangers of Harbour Trusts — Canterbury Plains and their Hurricanes—New Zealand as a place for " Blowing"—Extensive Tree-plant ing—Ashburton—"Old Man's Home" —New Zealand and its Clocks. Proceeding 111 our tram we reach Oamaru at seventy-eight miles from Dunedin— Oamaru, which the learned linguists call Wamaroo, a few others O-am-maroo, and the rest Ommaroo—a place which would be most famous for its freestone were it not more celebrated for its Irish apples. So we see in many directions great fields of potatoes, the plants seeming a little withered this year, which is the driest season this land and the Canterbury Plains yonder have ever known since the white mail dispossessed the Maori. The natural surface of the soil is as hillockyas a graveyard, and just now it certainly does look somewhat parched. But j there is so much moisture in the ground that we see a man .ploughing followed by a big covey of seagulls—as tame as household cats—that feed upon the worms evicted from their homes by the tyrannical ploughshare. An Australian is amused by hearing the .people talking of what they call a '"drought," and seeming to be rather proud of it as a new experience. Drought? I should like some of them to visit our Far North in drought time. It would humble them. They know no more by New Zealand experience about droughts than some men who style themselves i "mining engineer" know about mining. . Where there are not potato or turnip j fields in this neighbourhood there are! stone quarries, to whose presence is due i the fact that Oamaru is probably the! comeliest and most solidly built town in New Zealand. The local industries,: besides quarrying and potato-growing, are dairying and grazing. Here, close to the fine and expensive breakwater harbour, are a woollen factory and slaughtering yards and meat-freezing and Although it is not needful to observe gazetteer-like detail in these sketches one ought to counsel the tourist by the Duncdin-Christchurch express to keep both eyes open whilst the train passes through the splendid scenery around the Blueskin. The traveller grows dizzy as the carriages seem to hang over a pre cipice with fern and flower covered steeps above them and the sea foaming hundreds of feet below them, the surf taking upon the uneven beach the appearance of a great deep-blue garment with lace scalloped edges. The best way to see the peculiar attractions which surround the locality of Port Chalmers, with its expensive floating and graving docks and its natural and acquired beauties, is to drive thither from Dunedin. Upon a line day no outing could be more pleasant, and no combination of quiet landscape and sea view more nerve-sootli ing. For musical harmony you have the warbling of the birds and the ceaseless murmur of the old ocean, which is surely the greatest murmurer that ever mur mured. A human interest for the ethno logist is added by a Maori settlement in which live a chief and the remnant of his followers. preserving wonts. Hence steamers laden with frozen meat sail direct for England. This frozen meat traders truly to Ne*c Zea landwhat Broken Hill istoSouth Anstralia.. It has given fresh hope and new enter prises to the people, aha has wonderfully increased the total value of their imports.' They have the old world for their market. It is better than a goldfield to them. Upon this beach amongst other places dies the frost fish, alias 'Hiku (Maori),' alias Lepidopits cwudatiis (Latin), which is very eccentric in its habits—an un Booiable, Ishmaelitish sort of party. Perhaps that is the reason why it is such a delicious article of food. An old native who had been a cannibal in his youth ful days, but had developed into an exemplary ' Church member, told me that in his experience the most tasty fellow-creature to eat, taking all considerations into account, was a person of a gloomy uncommunicative turn of mind. People who reflected a good deal seemed to grow tender, and if he were ever going into the cannibal line again nothing should ever induce him to make a meal upon a gentleman who did' not reflect. He could not honestly re commend such a party for culinary pur poses. Gourmands say that their frost fish is the most delicious in all the New Zealandian waters, but the delicate toothsomeneBS of their flounder or sole shall have. all my vote and i terest. The eccentxioity of the frost fish's habits attracts attention to. him; but. the scientific men, of course, differ a good deal about the degree of his peculiarity, and consequently they make sarcastic remarks to each other. That is their general way. One thing agreed upon is that the frost fish, which is about 4 ft. - long, and weighs 1 lb. to the foot, iB never caught. He is always found in the early morning upon the beach above high water-mark. One section of the dis putants say that he is cast up by the ocean swells on frosty nights only, and that he strands himself whilst chasing smaller fish, and is frozen to death; another that he does not choose frosty nights any more than unfrosty nights ; another that he is a deep-water inhabitant, and that when he gets into the shallow sea in connection with the spawning enterprises of his family ho dies from the change of climate, and washed ashore dead ; another that in a certain depth of water he strikes his tail upon the sand or shingle, and then gives up the ghost; another that he is blind, and cannot see that he is in danger of being stranded upon an inhospitable coast until it is, alas ! too late; another that he simply puts into port to rub off parasites —dry-docks himself, in fact; another that he goes to the foreshore entirely without any particular object—to see the scenery, perhaps, andis so enraptured with the view that he allows himself to be caught; that, in short, he commits suicide whilst suffer ing from temporaiy mental aberration. This mystery enhances his value. He is sometimes bought for as much as half a crown a pound, which, according to the market scale, is a good deal more than some men and some marriageable daughters are worth. We cros6 the Waitaki, which is the dividing line between Otago and Canter bury, and one of the largest of New Zea land rivers; and, 131 miles from Dunedin, all the way along the coast, we reach Timaru, which has through many difficul ties developed into a prosperous place. The back country is as fertile as it is picturesque, but the town, like many others which we visited, appears to be overbuilt. The absence of larrikins and of Australian perpetual brightness is proved by the presence over the foot paths of glass verandahs, which the local youth, notlivingupto theirstone-throwing privileges, have allowed to remain un broken. In some parts of New Zealand there is difficulty in getting a stone to throw, but here one sees enough to fit out quite a large number of larrikins. In one of the rights-of-way in the town I saw choice dahlias and migno nette growing in great luxuriance. Believing them to be provided for the use of the public, and that the people of Timaru would be encouraged and flattered by a little kindly attention from a distin guished visitor, I gathered some of the fragrant blooms. I wish I hadn't done so. I was afterwards solemnly as sured tliat they were private property, and that their owner wished particularly to see me and to show me an especially brutal, savage dog, upon the sharpness of whose teeth he. prided himself. 1 deeply regretted having to plead another engage ment in excuse. I am not a good judge of bulldogs. Before we proceed we look at the Timaru breakwater, concerning which English financial writers have blunted so many pens and spilt so much ink. The opportunity of seeing this structure is one of the attractions to tourists who come to Timaru as the best starting point for Mount Cook, which they reach in two days' travel, chiefly coaching, via. Fair lie Creek. The breakwater, which lias cost a great deal of money, is built where in full force the Eastern Pacific waves dash against it. No better spot could have been chosen for a contest between human engineering skill and the fiercest powers of the elements, but that probably had no more to do with the intentions of the builders than ideas of the spectacular effect of the ocean-beaten breakwater in stormy weather. A casual observer, however, might be forgiven if he pointed out a more favourable-looking, partly sheltered place lower down the beach. It is just possible, of course, that nobody in particular had any land there, or that it was too far from. Timaru, or that it was not reallj suitable,' I have frequently noticed that the casual '"visitor is—or ; honestly believes that he is—a greater expert than the professional engineer. 1 The breakwater is made chiefly of great 30-ton blocks of cement and rupble, which themselves were first cast in a huge mould. Large numbers of these were dropped into the sea, and after they had settled down a solid monolith was formed ; over them. Thus a safe harbour was 'made, wherein are moored large vessels taking away 'frozen meat which is prepared here, and large quanti ties of cereals. So heavy is the dash'of the swell that when stormy winds do blow the water thunders against the monolith in great masses, and the . ships 'have to be moored by cables to • reduce the oscillation until they are roped around as much as a wild bullprepared f or the brand ing iron. Since the breakwater has been made the Bhingle has accumulated to a remarkable, if not a dangerous, decree upon one of its sides ; what the ultimate effect of this may be appears to , be doubted. even by the local men of the best information. One thing is for the" present assured—the works have been of great value to Timaru, which before the harbour was protected was feared as a place with a great reputation for ship wrecks. 'One of the most conspicuous things in the town iB an obelisk, erected to the memory of a number of brave fellows who lost their lives in trying to rescue passengers by two vessels wrecked in the port in 1882. The harbour works are under the charge of a Harbour Trust, and an English paper" has lately been attempting to prove that that Trust commits sins of omission and sins of commission in management. The Trust replies through the newspaper, and seems to show that the English bond holders who lent the money for the works have not suffered yet, at any rate, ar.d that the prospective income from the harbour dues and the local rating is enough to meet all obligations. Even if the worst came to the worst I suppose the money-leaders would not suffer, ; because the New Zealand Government, no matter Low much they might protest, would doubtless be morally bound, for the sake of the national honour, to take the responsibility for the loan. It seems to me, however, that this Harbour Trust system of Hew Zealand is an excellent thing for South Australians to avoid. It probably would not be tolerated where it exists if the conditions of New Zealand were our conditions. In that country the extraordinary dispro portion of coastline, nearly all of it ex posed to the immoderate! fierceness of ocean waves, thegreatnumber of dangerous barharbours, and the difficulty of communi cation preventing direct central control, all tend to complicate the management of the ports, and explain the formation of the trusts., To these Trusts local men are elected by ballot in the same way as Councillors; and they do the popular thing or the right thing according to their conscience or their light; assist in borrow ing from England large sums of money, without any personal responsibility, in order to make works which may or may not be entirely necessary ; and trust to their revenues and to Providence to pay the interest and to repay the principal. The revenues are raised from local rates and from charges upon the shipping for the use of the harbour accommodation. Although some of the Trusts have done very fairly, {and although the system under which they work is a fine one from a local point of view, even if it does encourage the un necessary multiplication of harbours, I should not care upon the whole to lend much money to a Harbour Board without the most absolute State guarantee. In one part of New Zealand is a Board which borrowed £200,000, but has not con tinued to pay to its English creditor the rate of interest agreed upon, and a candidate has recently been returned to Parliament for that district upon the distinct under standing that he will work his hardest to secure a removal of the harbour rate, and presumably to make the inte rest a charge upon the general re venue. Then the members of a Har bour Board, being local property-owners and local residents, and probably inte rested in local shipping, will naturally be averse to imposing taxes which might heavily affect their own property, or to making the harbour dues large. As en joyment of one form of public life leads to the attempt to enjoy higher forms, just as one sin leads to another, some of the members of the Boards no doubt intend' eventually to try for Parliamentary election, and in the meantime are prone to do the thing which is popular. Thus in a case the other day a Board reduced its charges because the income was good, instead of making an extra reserve for redemption or for contingencies ; other Boards are absurdly lavish in spending their money. In one town, for instance, they have erected a palatial suite of offices, which will probably be too large for them even if the builcung should stand till Millennial Day. Taking it altogether the more one sees of the New Zealand harbour system the less one likes it. At its best it is risky. Amongst other places at which we tarry upon this journey is Ashburton, 178 miles from Dunedin, and fifty-two miles from Christchurch. The rigour, of the hurri canes which blow across these Canterbury Plains has been modified here and else where by the planting of trees, both by public bodies and by private individuals. Almost every piece of enclosed land—and there are some finely developed farms and gardeus in the district-—is but rounded by thick hedges or. loftier break winds. Theeepbmtetions have been most useful, for - the force of -the wind when old Boreas properly gets to business, upon bis bellows is terrific. Anthohy ♦fyntlnpn did hot tbink it necessary to hell' the Bow; Zealanders not to blow. Their climate does nearly all the blowing which is recorded. The balance is done by i their Parliament. Ashburton is a large wooden town, with copious water sup-' plies directed underground, and along i «pen upon the moat perfect system of grading which I hare ever seen. Tim time may come, when the town will witness something j like its old prosperity, but it will probably j arrive in a very leisurely way. The, pushing of the railway through the place i lias diverted business from it. Spacious ! hotels, which were once too small for the I crowds who sought their accommodation,' are now altogether too large for the j requirements of visitors. The little ' group who go into the dining rooms at meal times seem lonely in' the vicinity of the centre table-land and the extensive desert of floorplain which surrounds it. When I see the residents of a prosperous country town clamouring for a railway to be put through it I think of a child crying because he is not allowed to touch a pretty, dazzling, red-hot coal with his .tender little fingers. At Ashburton is a fine, hospital, the matron whereof hasflori eultural knowledge enough to qualify' her for a head-gardenership. She has turned every little nook and corner of the building into a conser vatory ; wherefore the patients bless her. A little way beyond the hospital is a Benevolent Asylum for aged men ; it is called, in the pleasant fashion adopted throughout hew Zealand, "The Old Man's Home." Of course it is nil a matter of sentiment, but "Old Man's Home" has a much more engaging sound than "Destitute Asylum." The unfortu nate old fellows who live here are very proud of their " homethey work in the garden, and manage to makp it attractive, and in the fruit season one of tliem manufactures a fine lot of jam, which both he and his com rades esteem above all other pre serves. New Zealand cares well for its unfortunate, its aged, and its indigent; and the day may come when a certain colony a little nearer to Adelaide will decline any longer to crowd some hun dreds of infirm old people in the midst of a hot city between high prison-like walls, but will place the inmates in a locality away from the dust and bustle of the town, where they may breathe fresh air, and get, perhaps, a sight of the trees and the green grass, and a sniff of the wild flowers. They would probably survive the shock. The multiplicity of clocks in Ashburton reminds me to mention a special feature noted throughout New Zealand, probably iu pursuance of the idea of the outfitters for Captain Cook's second South Pacific voyage, who made timepieces a special feature. Tou see clocks peering at you almost everywhere—big clocks and little clocks, ancient clocks and modern clocks, clocks which strike and clocks that are comparatively dumb; demure-faced clocks with frosted dials, garish clocks with gaudily painted faces; fast clocks and Sow clocks, clocks which work and strike, clocks which work with out striking, and clocks which strike work altogether, and, seeming always to have done so since they left England, have now lost so much time that they are quite unable to make up the arrears. Others of the clocks display a creditable federal spirit by keeping Australian time —all sorts of Australian time, from an hour to two hours behind of New Zealand. The New Zealanders call that conduct disloyal depravity. I christen it federal ism and enterprise. New Zealanders are the first people in all the Southern Hemisphere to rise from bed iu the morning, and that unpleasant fact may partly account for their apparent extra vagance in timepieces. 