t . t Vr) ýriIICr D V,5iE u tir!~ "bnA ~ 5 uesdays and lridays FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1891. se No matter what the world may say abo t I ? f * st~lDandposint, Sanellis one of this centur 's wonders. o the fsirstmagnritud: as 'an active arnd zealous worker for Ireland lie has i rsted alouostiffdltfounmetitill, disdI&s; a.deep, solid and discerning leader he San 'take the palm from even Gladstone -the grand old man. But he sinned,. and the world, ever ready to condemn in others what they alwiays forgive in themsel}:c, are hissing him with pungent denunciation. Indeed one feels inclined to think, from the way he has lately been worried by the moral wolves of the human zoo in all parts of ' timoa; a sav tiosfitr d'aePWa'iis h ksidelet llelhqi Thatifizfi8far, however, ironm being the case that the circum stances which are outwardly operating on the man's daily life aie only giving flame to his innate powers. It is hard 'thilih-lS ailt X m without feeling that, behind that " blank and icy face" of his-as all his purblind critics call it-there is enough dynamic force to send the minds, tongues and pens 'of gigrd dinglabd bb hiimn . He is a fineexample ofiwhat agreat soul can do, as shown by the way he is now trying to stop his fame from slipping from his grasp, and cannot reasonably he looked f upon as being other than a man whose i stnulo~sments:are indibtitbly!Sr-at. "A , iobaset 'tiongdoes to ptoee 'd evsbufl rb asm. -et sifice !lie gelilrltd't?dtbile'over thlnow divorced wifeofalipiinO'Sh3ea haai. acted' on '.,hi?.~pirit il?V e ,e" kpur Swould eIt upon A th!rosughbred racer, 4ai every obstacle that sis esemies .hase-placed-in his social and political path ie Iha-up to nogpya, SnY rate rampled down in a manner that defies e ssiqtptiaijos'It is believediby dgeoftAfr absurd and peculiarly religious class of "6pTple i e world than when a person ., qs thj si5irtsanotosubhi pel'sdn'i're. i p?hlnatesB otlbtsebodiesinalbwoiwf the .rst stages of eorporedil'de'veloinent; and, if that be.rsally, ipblpmo v ill no doubt be inclined to think, in wonder ing .whose_ ghost flow into the body of Parnell to roost there, that lit nvtltbe~off?tlaflt?ha?.li6body like Caesar- thi? iy and ,)vgreforo oh oi osly put'eto. One 80'tho lat s "l -fyd of the #eigit, strent??t' d tir~pa.psv.o(4,Parnell's character is to be found in tim o fict t althoughI 0 t is of isa i party are -441 same. This Is about the' Worst thing ;une ur anwayand is stor e at or else we rgrm1.misaken. A- ha1e, however, already ventureid to assert;Parnlls a' living wonder, jldging. him from some points of view in t.aticular-bv th wty he is, field, and giving blow for blow. We wonder what the end of all this i'.illsheLit ih'bosduethflui idn iith tle0 : PITý'ýt}tejtyBi sagg eryidet ils dapdit*is ,altllynfoitshistorie?al id iphilosbjoph ial value, ind'is a very goiod illustration S htliJýtn uy,.thqi?n iO gne,'ýeat.inrien ditig aui nd!s'candhiis'o one allotlie for'trl liiin Always oi sa ujealosii diapsi at ofst.a glad o laa .o tlUp a .puIn u ir , or, w A obtl ifil le t he;J , * - . . . . . " " K'ilid West, is air Joseph Hayo,, of the Crso n Lands Department, who gsve a oi?intis ,of tv h very imtnific"nt '?m £100. Awr Hayes was at nea tiomes a reisposlon.ant glaof Bsnalla-is a school fellow of thle-'editoi tod proprietor of tpityof rnal, in fct-lows we has over besn noted hayl lll his sequsaiienaces as helng a gestlLieasn f aoib rlacialoail jolio soule th clharactr th- kal iya gia?oilurs siiportsir of the Cisiacb to whichl l Iaelosigs,' ,eltl lbutorstoltr t1te sKioal West, is Ar Joseph Hayes,, of the csrowin couds Department, who gave a they make o astks at on timen a resideth of andwit propris-etox. Aof thism joaet, ina China ans over been noted hyis ieaillainta for tna last tbeig gentle4yar, hofdto plberal andt lioh losucal Court of the htty Sessions, on Tues day last, as a witsness ii tis..cao questions, make no mistake whntin'th Latr on ht.tyears, hd1to tppear at ath qusleepins, ie as asked, whengine fhel witness-box iif, heever i played, fan- tan in fore witness tinat tCre bnel.eti , an satisfied ion h'admitd h h way in. ail lhad given his evidence, and 'to ask'i'i ,if lie had anything, to say yiy,l-he !should not be dealt wvith' fr contempt of court. Ah Sam Bet said hlie had nmde Smisstake. nMr lDbbiu said ,thh the !bnhtli.2i*bpih'ion t~tiutAla Sani Bet ihad not given straightforward Levidence. ind'"alIftifre sentenced to 48 hours'imprisonment. Mr Coster asked that a fine be inflicted, as it was very easy for foreigners, and especially Chinamen, to mnake a mistake in their evidence, but the..bench declined to jgrant the requeslt. uch of thaBali'rat Rifle Club, which . wIvs held last week, and being some. what successful in one of tho contests n connection thrleeWitl o won rie of £1. .El. ,.l,?,1 ,, ,el . .i, The " Manfidl'id'dikcrs u si 1on the visit of the Slectliio l 'Cniintt qe of railways, states:?"?ly as',; dcoular issued to us froiti Parlianitnt 'H?use, we find it is not-the intention of the iectional Ooaannittee, to visit:Tolrdie, as "as anticipated, to collectevqidence in support of th?jliniea fo "a liue offrail: way from I sidial, or a continustion f tile Benalla-DVeran' line 't Tolnie. They intend riding over the proposed .oute:frohtiBenaira To6Due-rdiiil-ut'ii. qno wsnting=to"give evidence mustl Surney to~Benalla to .do so. ::The coni ditte9willl-eavee Spencer-strecite I M?i bourne.?o'thie ,1th iist., and inispect S isen and Dueran routes on lhe fplownig dildy, returning' to Beihall the spme evening, when evidence will l?be tptke.ih'By this it appears Tolhie 'is: once more lef out in the cold.' It wis'resolvid lby the Royal Agri.' ctltura~i Society of, Victoria, at it meet-. iug of 3that organisatton which w'as; held on iTueeday last, to hold i' graini show iii iMelbousrie,, at the earliest pssibl date, and steps have already_ been taien to make? arnugenmeuts for.? cnarrying thei affair: out. SAn outrage of a miost villainous.and ruflianlyeharant:er was perpetrlied oil an old lady, named3 Mrs Smith, nearly 80 yeas.of age--a resident of Benalln: triang the:last ,30 years-sometimei bqtween! Saturdiay.' and Tuesdity Last. The broad~facts of tie affir, stripped: of all deail;,are, simply io the effect' tl at somebody-a. colorcd man, it is tliought-entered Mrs Smith's house arid battared ; ..tho6. poor old hlby's !ihed¢:and" face . with a brss candlestiokltill' hIe nearly killed: he. Woirse tlhima ll, the rutaillyli p,-r petratoir, whoeverhewas, of tlis brutal ae, nppesr t~t._Jaysoetheun tried to set Mis amith's premisies a-fire--ple sunaably t'o destroy ?ll trci;es of hIis rime. I Fortunately;, however,. his carried and the' old wonlitn, lwhen sht was diacover.ed on :Tuesday lasth I id jUt enough life in her body.to ltell tlhe story qofailioaoutroge. ;' uli partiouilers of hIe ailil; trogether with 31is 8biiitllrs depositions, appear in another coluimn in to-day's impression ofttle Esio-x. The acceptances for thlie Bicyole Races .in conisetion',witlithlha StPatrick's Day'Sptiata' . have been extended to..the anriui of tie t 17th, thd t·s' 5. thitip shapo... ,,?0 aJ;Ii rh .{Tiiiii 'tara journey at 11 p.i. e'irly j; all the i' oyhlists hhave accepted a ue theare is so dloubt r ;tiro will be goodl sports. ,( ' ]litokmaakrs, traine,'sand joceyso'a thao?,i ,btslai thieir tieketsfhiiu,'*" nca1iieel'h f t [' onnalla raceus at the liliahllh hotol,'at 11 o'closk this msiriiaing. The settling up will t takoplace at i o'clonk thls ovoiing. I rui ? re--nid t?it with truth, wobcliesv- tlihthe Hon. J. HI. Craves, MT.P'fdir Delatite, is to bes opposed at ilxt general eleition by p two dieRUIen[ persons--in oile CL?O I 1el=kno;iwn nucfionper 'at-M sfieflol Althbiiih hellring 'lnis,(i we'ltvdnln.l, "s heatrd-the- natixv?,iyrietYts'tlhi-?1 th?I Mso presume the auctioneer is Ih . 1H. ':Euron, cfollowýiiltl e?l off Thootia, V11iiio intl various other places, las made plieparittonim s:arting a butter factory o- a lrge scale. At a meeting held rete tll, tir Pleasents, of the Euroa National Bani k,J uih~Lb foAba I u.l E cntlelen-pr e-. sent a comprehensive schenme. At S?;lti,'pgrq?tihe fslrniserl IlaQotelJ?i. I a crganrm s ?ictI lmy s;ll i '1NifetlPeattpfrllo i , ieo -''orl ni auoioi'l f:i , lreougienttistgy di lolbqustn,. (i~lrpsy I3,:nalla his usuleli, ? ;nonl}lj 'i if.olI Thlu:sday iext, the l9th imistanut, sad uy ni gi h onesGiltpd l?t .Mh esall lgtel, itl roa u.- isw . i, h I P." ajj l-sl m' a(l, Parkdi';, a rlbourno 1 fi lili ol; lant p!c ;q s, ivill holda i hi nt ,nd .+ u., .. .... ? . a ..lloat .o !O 7 lý'IG ll)A ppittauge's ! .esta9,t )on M locIpylr ýTylolyhhilb!e r! Iii!66le i0O(Qscirds of leasehold land, -well rs,8,sdi1ppd,;ifterwards ]Oi acres' of first cliass fii ehnld,laud.:li atddllitipn1 to: thls itluy wili lsegorongdeodlin eio9tr rci.ttle li' .. I 0 ,.O-. p.j t... i . ,i.. i 'i.r. d ia l pwreih en with geet, rosg . ri: p. i ii m d "?.. .thp'BniuallalCourt .o ipt!.ty Sessions, on Tuesday last. fMr Pow, who is ia solicitor, appeared for the conmphdnnti,- tllhe.cas of-Xll'htnt1 V. Sutonii. t?le Ilenchl aftei r hearing the evidence of both 'sides '- Rve oaiverdict. "for thel'def ninS tCAfter i th ' vierdict i wtas gie ii osr Pdo: adi'i~i 'sed" taihe.; Bench in the followingiwords,? .0 " Your.. "Tlhisiis, I.illialk you fir your vel,'yl just verdict!" itr Dloltiiff t?lk the? solodsLast.aireflection d- ? lhe o?rdict' of thle bench.'and said, " Mr Pow, I l'hodilltlhiuink you have been ofoen enolgh ilna nlw court lto know that yquap/ad. o i'iglt tofiiso thi?.words you have just uttieed. Don't you over dare to do itagain." iSome reiidentsof Yarrawonca shire i o; W'?0d'nesdiy applied to the Minister of, Works forl tihlep eone?yeg ofpil tion lif' the a1eii tltio form a new shire atit North Yariiwonge, . 1t 'iwas urged tthistlihe pi'rsent slire was unwie:dy and contatinedtwo cojt}es, Yarratwonga and Tungiiamali, wlinchl lad no colm lnuiity of inti'-rst . 0Tlhe iin.lol prrpl 'mised to cosider tlhe aii'plicatimo h local races take place to-day, witlh, overy., prospect of success. For the iBe'ialla Hanidicap a ~ood field is expaqted to faqo,ihe starter. A sport ing correspondent towards us a tip for I his event as follows :-King Dolon I ; Fireman 2 ;' Pyramid 3. Mr P. Smyth will lusve the.booths, mid in his hands Syolfeel sure.lho-pu blic-will- receie-thtr best of liquornmld other refireshlnolnts. A deputationi of dairymen, waited upon 'the _Minister of Agriculture oil Wednesday last, to bring h?fore'him ecert.in resolutions.ngreed to by the coivelntion. Mr.. 1'Lean, replying to tlio. requests- uiade,;. promsi ed to make smaoii h utier, tLi try iili gel rcegullai sailes for it from October to Januiiry ndiidiilsnto 7ndearir J to arrango for a lower scale of sllhlpln_ f4eih?,~tluh lsif.lfief"1't'i'+'-xlst ed.Cl?? -, '\\\ ioii;, I l .L.A., who introdiltlthledejuliation, said tlhey wanted to have the bonus a pinid direct to tli' p-podhicer its far as a possible and" not to t,1e eiraduce mor chant. The 1tiil'1er4 ',' molised to seriWhJly4 dolikttIeshlill thi su'es"ea' 1 made to hiniq.r.'/ ,7?l?~l. A London cablegram dated 9th March, states :-Thero--hns been' ani impression nmougst sonic of the ITrish mneijiepl,e' ý tlt h "tlit?i uniil6i f n itfi ii i 11l lying to the cr edit of the irish pil ty -ili s.' u wus?s"nealyh3O. 0P?D. ;It-vIias now' iiraispired h oi' etnr, that ? " to?d uliexpenaded blance: umiunts -fo y 1 £9000.; Tie'moinuey is tio be isned fori *crictea ten'ai a .A 'gabilrisim from 0Loidoii, diEd the. 6th li"isuint stiated-r-iit bot prices ;were likdi1iy)ti, oli?t oiii' l ,slhortly foi awl.-at, oel I 'the hiay I contilientni 'en I?ils d,( ics'echills froik I France.. iThie eaicity o wieatEis I attribut i6i:to, O iido oliitgel . ifei t thi:ougiout Eu iope,.s- aiichi hlu had i veryj ihjuriouls effect 'uponiid Iad Ia gret " iefincne"- is itpeeiet ,ranca, in "whihi 5. 0000 t trinl field' h, i ;, hi ion dstieyeul h frosts., Equally gorimy, nuhiiipation a.re fornied in Belgimu d id Nith 'I iaids, ut'ibC Great Britr-nti hi r 1 ,prosli'ets ie.niodlir;t,-Ivgoel', isi portalitc·tabl'gln. i ..es.o. " es... on siddi ed by flie i illers A soiptolei iai f Sresoelitio?nt earpid ta lpu irc rl i'¢e t price of fl' ir fromA ,£i8 1 l to 9'jsj ij eHOLLteosA 0Si.T I:ir-c -tie' iwhiere ou may;;, Ih every country 'ind in: all kid pleraond ' wil he found who have itas goot wrlrd of lirkise for this Ointment. ? :sirimir - I! hafaes, sculds,: bruiseas, land epslahl,'ltt.ls invaliltble remeilys ; for 'idI. h' telr;u i breasts, andl piles, it, may lse, csifiilulitl'j P relied upon for effecting as meound niil'pr-. c manent curec..:Tn uer-e f pilffeianllkle;I, t crysipedls, "'usm- rlieimitmsue Itiil\ps-ys. OIilindiet gives the" gl'elttest ca1iifirt; b~ .'s' dulcig the ithimdlantisin; cooling te iesll iU; anothlisu the tiieryes;- adjujting thrilie rsii stiesni, aud:'e1illiig the ins'uritire, 1 lho in 'Oihtlnent' -slioe'" Iehv" ni"el'c's ; ii--t'c"lii r liirsely. It will cliire uis lluell niu e luifOlsl hl;sie ontiotIe, winllc, Othitihegl i hll ??, t .i l .ii" s ' >I wili Li'cist il k 