' BA WKS AKD PIGEONS.' A* IKCIDEXT i'T CVV DAY. A case illustrative of the devices resorted to by making money by some of tlie people who visit Flemiugton on Cop Day was called on in the City Court yesterday morning before Measrs. Bell, Cherry, and Lancashire, J.P/s. The complainant, an elderly man from the country named James Devonshire, told the Bench that lie went to the Fleming ton racecourse on Cup Day with his pockets fall of mouey, but lie returned to Melbourne in tbc evening thoroughly crestfallen, richer in esperieuce certainly, but {leiurilcsa in pocket. He had met a stranger of genlie mauly appearance and kindly manners, who engaged him in casual cou versa - tion, u'hich embraced tlie weather and almost everything but i acmg. He was fascinated bv the man's talk, and thiukiuir he must knoir a great deal about racing since he was apparently a book of reference on every other subject, abked him if he 'knew anything good ' for the next race— the Van Yean Siakts. The stranger replied iu a whisper that lie had a veritable 'dead bird ' for that race. There Mere only three horses in it that had the 'ghost of a fiance ' -if winning, and two of these he and a friend liad 'squared,' so tliat there n*as nothing left for them to do but to put their money on and go round after the race will) a. bag and carry off their winning?. A friend of the stranger's came up just theu, and the two proposed that they should put £50 apiece od the **dead bird.' Devonshire igreed, and he and the- *' stranger ' handed the third mau their mouey that he might go and invest it with a bookmaker. The race came, tlie ' lUad bird ' was beaten, one of the **s(|uarcd'* boracS won, and when Devonshire turned to ask his new friends the why aud the wherefore they had both disappeared, and lie was left lamenting the loss of his £.Vi. lie sought the imlicc, and told Haiucloliies Constable -JltH«ou tlie ^tory oi his troubles. That officer later ou arrested a man nanifil William Uynie a* «'»; of the ccuispiraton, and cbariTCil hiin «ith ouiisnirinir with ajiother wan naiWf niikiiawn. to olitairi £5I» by filse [iret.-ni.-es from Dcvmidiin-. Tho a.vuso.1 ».n» sain of i2-».- Mellxuunic A.ym. 