V '?,'';'?-? 1ETTEH, ...; .$. ,.-. *?', /[From the Kapunda 'Eoraitf.}, ,, ,.; .1 Jf memorable for ijothmg elsei tih'e.wp^k' «rhichhaa just passed -wiil bi' remembered for its Tindication^of iaw and of righc, ahti for the- lessou- it !has'*taughtrlM foreign' ariWctists who i'eefeTr^tne shfiltpr-pf par inritiruJicin and still expect to live in. con.?. ?stnn't^tf olatfon off bur^awfc : It maj; seem., sitjgtt'ar that in a great city Use New 1ft-r&, where we'.l-otg 'O^efi courts' esi^'t1 to' rijjht'tlie wrong9 of the humblest and 4he-i weakesit and to call the greatest ani' imjst; po-wer/ul to account, that another ,entir.eln independent system sbould be recognise*!/ by thousands in this commamty with . law^ and; decrees of . their- own, as ironclad p&A; those of the Medes and P^rsianei. * ? '' ^ -Such courts -Je'rist' among certain classes7 bf-Itolians, Chines^ Hungarians, Poles, and* 'among the various guilds that repressrtt* ilheV anarchistic combination of trade. Much, as people talk about that terrible com bination, tbe Mafia, it never in it* wildest, moment of vengeance perpe ra'ei a crime like that which I recorded in these letters ? a: fe-w wfeeks ago, the wrecking of the establishment of one Greenbaum, a tailor : at: ; Jamacis, on Long Is'and, aad 'the attempted -assassination of bis child. ? The New Orleans Mitfia murdered Chief Henne*ey, but they did it under the cover ofTright. TheBS »%saS9ltis -came 'baldly^- 'tweiaty strong, in.' the light of. open day, broke into thepobrtaVofs house, droVe htiri and his wife ' aad children out, then made a complete wreck of the e-itire estab lishment, poured vitriol over all the«loth aud manufaeiured clothine in the house,; and at last, with, a fieodisltness without a parallel in the .world's criminal calender, one of the wf^tcheB seized Greenbaum's' little child which lny in the cradlle, and holding it by the leg poured vitriol over it, maiming and 'dinugurrag it for life. An act so 8hoekin& WBlmosi beyond belief, and while there is nrj' punishment known to the law adequate for such a en MO, it is a plea sure to know that. tne .fiend incarnate who perpetrated it will get some measure of punishment. The party that perpetFeted the outrage was made up of Russians, - Poles, aud Hungarians, nnd were ail Jews, as well as Greenbaum, whose family they assaulted. They -were incited, to tbe- act: by a Russian Jew named Baroudess, who is president of tbe Cloakmakers' Assootfttion, aiiu wuu luis wcca v/aa dcuicuuou w ipia^uq Prison for a term of .years for blackmail. For several years past thU vagabond has defied the authorities ani blackmailed and terrorized poor, workmen who refused to join. Disunion. Poor Greenbaam was .one of those. Bitronaess drove him from hid home in New York, ? and he sought refhge . at Jamacia, and just as he got seitled there they hunted him to ruin. The great difficulty in the trial lay in the wholesale perjury of the witnesses, who seemed hot to have the slightest idea about the sacred character of au oath,. Hundreds stood ready to swear the blackmailer Baron^ess and assassin Frank Rlieingold free. For tunately for justice there was a jsry who knew how to value such testimony, and the result was. the conviction of both. The public is to be congratulated on the result, for with the aefmrance that crime will meet with certain punishment comes also the assurance that the jury b jx is in safe and honest hands. If the people of New vjiiKauB uau -in«.cii iuo vaio iu miner i.uo 'jury box safe that they did. to vindicate, jasnee in the extremity, they rais;ht have avoided the desperate scenes which have codvalsed .the- civilised world, and the slayers of Ciiief Heunesey would have perished on the scaffold according to the forms of law. New- York has a more des perate criminal class than Now Orleans or apy other city in the union. Occasionaiiy justice miscarries here, but taken aa a whole. With all our shortcomings, there are few cities in the world where life and property are safer. Iu forming the esti mate it must be remembered that this city is sought as a refuge by° the criminal classes of every. land, and that we shelter a nnniflafmn svf niroi1 Ana lii'inflyAi'l frimiean') who cannot speak one word of English'. Great neighborhoods exist here ihrough which you might walk for hours during which you would not hear a word of: English spoken. These people have their own laws and customs, and in slabbing affrays or murders it is regarded as hi^h treason to appeal to the courts, and often tbe relatives of the murdered man or woman will cot give the name of the slayer, or testify against him when caught. Buf notwithstanding occasional riots avd out breaks, the authorities have always been able to hold tbe criminal classes in check, and therefore I say that the conviction of these murderous anarchists is a matter of profound congratulation. Labor troubles have seriously impaired bur peace, and for a time at least it seems as if alj' the trades connected with build ing would1 be paralyzed. We are changing rapidly in pur labour interests. Within the memory of . men now ' living common unskilled labor was thought to be well compensated at a dollar a day for twelve hours work; I am not saying that it. was ehbugh^or anything like 'it, but simply slating a fact. Then came the reduction of lime to tea hours, ihis seamed eo reasonable and just that the change was accomplished* 'without mdeh' disturbance,: and [Without ihe aid of the legislature it became the law. Then came a raise of wages and then another reduction of time, $nd finally the statutory law, making eigb'. hottts a legal day's work,, and now the lab nrara'-in the bnildini? trades hare Struck for two' dollars and seventy-five cents per day, making on review a decrease of one-third in! tint* and an nn increase of one hundred and fifty per cent in the wages. Toe skilled labor of New York aud Brooklyn hare .promised to sustain the demands of their unskilled helper.-*, and if they do we m«y look for trouble. Politics which have simmered all the winter and spring hare now begun to boil briskly, and on every corner you hear tin* probabilities of tiie Gubernatorial election discussed in no uncertain fashion, ll may b - new* to some on tbe out*ide- but about the _ most prominent candidate for tbe trovern^rsnip at tie present time is 13 tvid bennet Hill himself. But vou say lie is a Senator. What of it ?' He wants to be President. What of it? Why, man, does he want the earlh? That's just about lh° iize of it, and if he lives long- enough -*eir get it. That's politics, said big Judge Murray; he knows what he is up to, an' don't ye/for !!??'» . *uv uiu iubii uai mil n ntJBU vuiu him, neb.*3,SBii little Tom Kelly, of the Sixth, an' he don't give us no guff. Ain't he a brick. ? said McGuffin . He is on to eta every time. It is now pretty well settl-d that the Governor never did want the Senators hip. He only . took it to save it from the wicked Republicans. On joint ballot there «n»s a bare majority of two. jnow uemocracy as a principle is alright. It means the greatest good for the greatest tinmber eyery .time, but individual Dem'- crats are sometimes. like ihd Republican?, very ^wicked, ani ' with . j-uca a plight majority* 'as 'two 'be cou'd not trust them. They would accept him, but fight on any one else, »o he sactiGc.'dliiuiself and became a Senator. Look ye, good sir, and see this be not wiunc! poK'*'- &' '* Senator. Y«« can't get o-r»r that. Now »appara ♦ie ruim for Govern * »??-! f&t;* et*»c «4, he jrill then be in « p sitins to r*«ign V-t- Senttorship and a«y to the n»vt D-»-n -- catic Nati.»n«l Convemion: -Be'»oM ihe m«n who M»ed ihe 8t«t* of Ji*w Y ??« for the Democracy; who ?a*e yon an addi* tinnal Demirrntie Senator in in* S-*nite; who wlieee.1 New York into -he Demoi ratia line, and who now stand* ready -o throw her tbirty-six electoral votes fo- the neat Uemn cratic President. Do joa want her? David R Hill. Yet Doaee reigneih not Tha S eekl*n that bare been tbe JaehJn »ni Bmi of TanmanT Hall have abandon d the wig wam, «nn »re mow a law onto tn-n»sn-v *. iJudne ^teckler has a null, and astrun'one, tl at Tammany htftbepn willing to reco.-n'se «p to ihe la« mty d ?▼». If a man walked ante any of the pu*lc ?lep'r-ments with a (pasteboard marked Sterkle% his hat w«a chalked at once, and if thare w 00 situa jiion »pen. Insn&me; was pox on the payroll. Of late there luve been ?fcJUt fifteen pat riots to every office, ani the treasury wa* not equal to toe pres». The ro«B«q*-»nee iwa« that some of Stockler'fl friends never passed the gat a of P«radis-. Then co ne- Jor?s, the Lieutennt Go-eroor. What ha* Jon^s dona that he shouM he sat down on ? Hill don't like Jon*?, and Tammanv dotft like Jonfs, but Jones lei the whole Democratic ticket, Hill inch ed, with over 'fite thousand clean votes. What's the mat ter with Jones, that's what I want to know. Itoswell P. Flower who wants to bo Gover nor don't like Jones. For matter of that jJoie8 is not in love with Mr. Flower. 'Colonel Bill Brown turns op as an Amieu» Curia, and te has recently oecUrccI that ra her than see the party divided he would take it himself. Verily, verily, it looks as ! if there was trouble ahead. M r. Cleveland's liriends are asking, ' Where do we come in ?' ?uu iu tut; ugui 01 iw »ue «-i iq-muvu* ?» not «toing to be an unimportaui factor. : So far no one looms up in the Republican) horiton of importance enough to or^rtop all others. Even if QoFerrur Hill is re *numiuatedf and it looks that way now, it is not going to be a walk over. Jones, the man who pays the treuht, may be sl*ugti tered in tbe Convention, and Roswol P. \ Flower be put in the line --f succession by accepting the nomination for Lieutenant Governor which he refused lour years ago. But of of ono thing Tammany may rest es^urei, and that u 'that the man who 'pays the freight' wilt be beard from the day after the »lectioo. Junes ain't dead * *-ntf- tin* olaam'n ?* ? atiAlP a t»m 1 ri t' t»nt i^tlfi don't t'orgat when the ballots are cuuntnd. Will tne gho-t of Alexander Tourney Stewart never disappear? One by one his same has departed from the great monuments that he reared. The name which be fondly hoped t - paei to posterity in enneotion with his millions in remem bered only with ill-rouceal --d couiempt. Fhe curious traveller no longer inquires for Stewart's dry goois at»ref which waa the Beautnarchais of New York. Drunken royaterars bold high jinks in the splendid m^rblrt palace on the Fifth A.veou4 which he conseorauid at ais hume. The lauguifi ciem sarcophajrus beneath ths crvpt of tbe grand cathedral of Qardon City is tenaut less ; but bis ghost still walks abroad. A. hOide of poor Iruh relatnea whom he dis own -d when he waa alivj have instituted another suit to battle for tue deal mau's millions. Vanity of vanities, naitu the preacher, all is vanity* 