CAltLJMJNDER. Some Moralising After the German* If I vbas to lif my life oafer again I should make ghost as many blunders and mistakes' —bnf Bbnst ash mooch to be happy oafer and regret. We see where we. should haf done decfcrent only when it vbas too late.' I vhas a strong believer in advertising, but i doan’ like to see it on a tombstone. Dor man who gets drunk vhas like der . woman who wears tight shoes—both willing to make fools of themselves for a werry leedle reward. ' 1 I doan’ like to see a man too particular about tiifles, but I do agree dot he ought to haf a choice whether be vhas run oafer by a garoage waggon or a.rag cart. ' r Vhen 1 meet a man who vhas greatly troubled for fear dot Heaven vbill be-full • before lifetime comes to die, I know how it comes about. He vhas on der Sunday school . excursion und run half a mile to get der best' ■: seat on der boat. It vhas a mighty slim oxcuse to say of a - person dot •* it vhas only his way, you know, und you must oxcuse me." If dot vbas- ■ carried out all der murderers would go ■ . If yon see a man put hfe.foot on a hot . stove you call him either crazy or a fool/... If you see him pour stuff down bis throat to take his senses away you regard him as a leedle weak. If it rbnsn’t for dor scbancc we haf to gossip about odder people’s weaknesses and wrong-doings, we couldn’t shlcep nights.,for fear of being found ondt ourselves. So far as my observation goes, der mnn who gets a free pass on der. street cars does most of der howling about slow time, poor accommodations, und go forth-..Something-.., for nothings vhas seldom appreciated in die A man vhill sometimes admit dot he mado . a mistake in a business transaction, but you can’t got him to own oop dot his dog enfer disturbed anybody. It vbas caferbody else who disturbed bis dog. If I vhas a woman und a wife, I should baf confidence in my husband sbust so long ash be can shange bis coat midout searching der pockets of der one he leaves behind. Hot • right of search belongs to der wife. Dor man who comes to you for advice hes no idea of doing as you tel! him. He simply wnuts to see if you vbas as wise or as foolish as lie vhas. It vbas all right for us poor fellowB to say dot money doan’ make der man, but when we can’t lind a nickel to pay our street car fare it vbas awful bard work to lif oop to our • 1 principles. A Non Committal Man-—'We have just now seen a non-committalist—a conditional man, who was never known to give an un conditional assent to any proposition, how. , ever self-evident. As an illustration of bis • character, we will give an imaginary dialogue . i in which he is designated for the sake of cou • vcnience, by the name of White. “ A beautiful morning, Mr. White,” we r> l marked on one occasion, i “res,” said he, doubtingly, “but 1 i shouldn’t wonder if it rained before night." [ “ Your piazza is a great improvement to ; your house," we continued. “ Yes, sir, but it’s a little too narrow. If it was, say, a foot wider, it would be just the “ fn that case, you must like Mr. Brown's t for his is precisely that width." , “ Very true, but then it’s too high." J “ How do you like our new minister ? lie l is generally popular—a good preacher, a good r pastor and a good man.” “ Why, vc3,1 admit all that; but didn’t ' you notice how askew his neck-cloth was last 5 Sunday morning?” \- “.No i but, admitting that to be the ca?e. j it was no objection to him in his official . character.” . “ Why, no; but then we expect a.ministcr ‘ to pay as much attention to dress as other . folks.” • ' “ Yon have a fine field of potatoes yonder,". I Mr. White.” " j “ Yes, they look well enough above ground i. but there’s no knowing but they may be all t rotten before they are gathered,” ^ . . trThe new railroad' J- for the town, and do very-much to buildyjs up—don’t you thing so?" ' “ Well, I don’t know but itTmay [ but'tlu’h j it will be very noisy, so' that' a' bbdy can't' have a quiet moment to himself.” j We must be content to submit to a little ' inconvenience for the sake of obtaining a ' , great good. This is the true philosophy of [ “ Perhaps it is ; but'then] these railroads ( are confounded noisy.” , Almost despairing of obtaiuing.a straight* ■ forward, unconditional answer to dur In quiries, we, as a last resort, pointedout a boy : who was passing by, and remarked,— “ That boy has very dirty hands." “Yes;—but—but—but—’* Ho. was evi dently seeking some way in which to bring iu an objection. At length his face bright ened up, and he continued-: “ I think if tb<-” were washed, they would be cleaner 1” Mr, White was left to his reflections. Bu’ we think it safe to conclude that bis interro gator was left in no uoubt as to his nor. ...... committalism. A Tale of Wealth-—It wa3 in the days of the early railroad, when it was yet new the days when the journey to New York was less of a little jaunt than it is now ;■ when greenbacks were not popular in California. ' One gaudy summer morning, just as the earlybirds were dropping into their offices ' to lay for the worm, as the stores, chill from their all night darkness, began to feel warm, as the bank cashier had spread his alluring gold coin on the counter, where everybody could see it, and nobody touch it except him self ; a man, walking in happy and feverish haste, with wild excitement beaming all over his face, stepped into the financial junkshon of a well-known banker. You couldn't see ’ mush, but vague ideas of millions eminated from the big safe. “I want exchange for this on New York.1 " “All right. What is it?” - The man looked fearfully around him and ’ then brought out a packet. “It's just twenty-five thousand dollars in. greenbacks.” • “ I guess I can do it. Going East 7” " - “Yes. I'm going to inorrow. I don't want to carry all this with me. Couldn’t do it. Sure to get robbed. Give me a draft. How much J”. ' ■ - ' . ' ; “Oh, seeing it’s you, an old friend, br.c ' per cent; two‘hundred and fifty—’’ “ It'goes.” So the-banker made.buta draft on New ; ‘ York and took the money. “• ’■ •r' ’ “ You’re going to-morrow, are you ?’’ ‘•‘ Would you mind takiiig alittle,parcel, for "me and handing it to my brother?” “ Certainly. I'll do it with pleasure.” The banker went into the other :room an f prcscutly carae back with the parcel/ . . ' . /. “Just put-it in your valise anddon’hlose if, Will you?” , „ -■ vf; .:' . ' “I’ll take the best care of it.” ' “Tbankybii, Go6d-by. Pleasant trip.”. Arrived in New York' the Californian went to the address and delivered the package.' Then he presented his draft.' The man opened' "• the package and gave him the 'identical ■ twenty-five thousand dollars in greenbacks, . he had in California. lie had carried them' • all that distance himself- without knowing' it. , ■ ’ -" No matter how bard silence falls', it-dods . not break. A preferred • creditor—one who never . * presents his bill. - .- - v . j The devil has such a long tail that we are ' .-•< always stepping on it. . --"".Vr/ It is unreasonable to expect a man to be '• collected if his bills are net. .. Railroad engineers should be experts id .j - keeping track of things.. , The numbur 13 is not so unlucky if yon put a mark like this before it: £. There are two 8ide3 to every question— the wrong side and our side. The man who goes to a seashore resort for change frequently comes back without in?. "I Wonder if McCorkle loves bis wife much.” “Ho adores her 1 Why, be wears neckties that she selects for him 1” 215* 