AN OVERLOOKED CATHEDRAL. By J.W. I. "Knock off" has long rung out from the yet faltering new peals of the G.P.O., the pulses of the city commence to beat slowlier as its heart-gushes of laden train and tram flow ever less and less full, and plethora gives place to peace. Not the deep calm of nature's solitudes, but the unnatural, fretful stupor which is the only rest known to the fevered. The fever of frivolity upon the Block, the fever of speculation and finesse upon the Pavement—these have ceased. The voice of the evening paper boy but fit- fully tempts the listless passer-by, and the dusky vendor of the luscious banana "home- ward plods his weary way." The whole city seems about to succumb to an expo- sition of sleep. The heat, the dust, and an odour of the world and of the gutter still hover in the air, till a cool breeze from seawards sweeps up the hill streets of Russell, Queen, and William, driving these evil spirits, like Shelley's Sun- shepherds of the clouds, "to their homes them compelling, in the depths of" Carlton, North Melbourne, and other favoured localities. A light cloud of triturated blue- stone, redgum, et hoc, floats ghost-like along the now deserted ways. It passes, and the breeze is still again. Then steals through the silent streets a voice of subdued and subtle music. Not easily may it be dis- covered whence comes that mystic melody, as, "most musical, most melancholy," it rises and falls, sinks and swells, but as the wind stirs again the ear detects where- away, "Low at times and loud at times, Ring the melancholy chimes." We are climbing the steep of William- street from Collins-street when the locale of that music is suddenly revealed, for a narrow alley on our left hand flings the voice of the carillons upon us with trumpet mouth. If we glance at the high blind wall, which is the side of a warehouse, on the higher side of this alley we find an assortment of legends, instructive and otherwise. Here an adhesive label directs us to smoke someone's tobacco, there a weather- stained morsel of calico nailed upon the bricks flutters in evidence that once some Government or municipal proclamation here spoke a law of which now not one letter is legible. Here again a board advises that the occupier of the building is a dealer in "produce," and upon the ground and upon the air are proofs attest- ing the nature of that produce in form of unsavoury traces- feathers and the like of goose and duck and fowl. Once notice yet, a modest board, in an unconspicuous place, has these words: —"Side entrance to St. James's Cathedral," and a finger—I had almost said "of scorn" —pointing adown that uninviting way to where we can only see the tall wall of a brewery and barrels without number. Yes, here in this corner of the hive, in this back seat of the synagogue, shrinking like some timid creature in a crowd from the obtrusive elbows of trade, which gore it on every side, stands the Protestant Cathedral of our city, and it is from its o'ershadowed tower that that "gush of euphony voluminously wells," flooding half the city with its thought-compelling melody. Even so, during half a century has Saint James's Cathe- dral shed the light of religious teaching through the land, from the days when its worshippers comprised the whole population of the settlement to the present, when the parent church, not unlike some other parents that we wot of, because it hath not lofty aisles nor gorgeous reredos nor other panoply of costly pomp—because, forsooth, nor train nor car lands the luxurious wor- shipper at the very door, is suffered to exist neglected and unhonoured, and all but robbed of its very title. We pass down the alley—warehouses to the left and right, and the brewery ahead. Soon we come on a low stone wall on the right, surmounted by an unpainted wooden paling, in which the "side entrance" is sur- mounted by a gas lamp. No admittance is here until we complete the half-circuit by passing through the brewery yard to the right, and emerge into Little Collins-street. On the south side of the last-named thorough- fare, for a space of about fifty yards, railings, and within them a hedge, form the boundary of the tiny "God's acre." Here we have but to "lift the bobbin and walk in." Hard tar paths, which, wind- ing, make the most of their limited inches, lead us to where the old church stands, a smileless, sad-looking building, but plain and honest in design, speaking clearly of an age when utility went before ornament. To add to the gravity of its aspect the sombre tower has been provided with an adornment, evidently an architectural adaptation of Sir Joshua Reynolds's spectacles, through which it seems to gaze with uncompromising solemnity, as if to rebuke any levity in our thoughts. To attempt a technical descrip- tion of this solid and unpretending building and to garnish it with the flowers of profes- sional jargon is not the present intention ; suffice it to say, that save for the apse the line of the roof is un- broken (though requiring repair) ; that the four walls make for no more aesthetic purpose than the enclosing of a sufficiency of space of oblong form ; the windows are round-topped, and have heavy wooden frames and square panes—possessed of one virtue, namely, that they are made to open. The church is built of a brown stone, which is much inclined to crumble away, but which has a nice variety of shades, pleasantly sug- gestive of antiquity. Before we penetrate to the interior, or call up the weed-grown annals of the past, a quiet perambulation of these grounds, in company with the cats of the surrounding warehouses, will suggest not a few subjects for cogitation. Passing, this time to the eastward, we are under the shadow of yet another of these immense blocks of office buildings which occupies the corner of William and Little Collins streets, and over- tops the cathedral as the Eiffel Tower looks down upon Notre Dame or the tomb of Caius Cestius on the resting-place of Keats. First we notice that Mel- bourne seems determined to have no- thing to do with the superstition that a cathedral, of all buildings, should front due east and west. We all know that poor St. Paul's, the coming cathedral, is bound to be content, for sheer want of space, with N. W. and S.E. ; but St. James's was not so con- strained, and probably followed the line of the survey to avoid an awkward oblique position. Reaching the back we again come upon the "side entrance," and find that a few feet only separate the church from the un- savoury passage aforenamed. Here is, in- deed, a sorrowful spot. Wandering gusts of wind, like unquiet spirits seeking an exit from their place of torment, fret among the barrels and toss the rags and rubbish in the lane, then sweep up to moan and sigh around the few dejected shrubs and in the coarse dry grass, and to flutter the nests upon the "ivy- mantled" wall. Innumerable sparrows scurry in and out of hte dark sheltering leafery, and mingle their busy twitterings with the whisperings of the wind and the rich music of the bells. Less than 20 years ago the spot on which we now stand was the breezy crown of a verdant sloping meadow, dotted with trees reaching down to Collins-street. At that time the parsonage stood in "the parson's cabbage garden," on the other side of Little Collins street, facing the cathedral, and the humble embowered cot which we now see perched in the extreme south-west corner of the ground, and threatening to tumble into the lane, stood where the parsonage now is. This modest weatherboard cottage has for the past 30 years been the official residence of the worthy verger, Mr. Thomas Gatland, whose stately presence and rich melodious voice still lend the good old impressive tone to all the various rituals of the church. When re- required to shift to make room for the parsonage, the cottage was bodily put upon rollers and moved all standing to its present site. The somewhat picturesque but woe- begone parsonage is on the same side of the ground, but faces the street. There for the past five years has lived the Rev. A. C. Kellaway, M.A., the present re- sident curate, a cheerful gentleman, who must have imbibed the philosophy of Tom Pinch to preserve his soul from melancholia under depressing circum- stances suggestive of Goldsmith's "De- serted Village." Upon Bishop Moorehouse's arrival in 1877 he found St. James's in so dilapidated a con- dition that he at once determined to dis- countenance the good old servant, and scarcely was known to set foot in it again, preferring to solemnise all ordinations any- where but within its time-honoured walls. Considering that in past times this church has been instrumental in providing funds for the building of scores of schools and churches now prosperous and fashionable, it seems a little hard that the venerable parent, having served her purpose in rearing her magnificent family, should be allowed to sink into old age, unhonoured, deprived of every foot of land which can be taken from her, and left to support existence as best she may under circumstances which allow her little chance of catching up with the times. Nowa- days places of worship, as well as places of amusement, must "please to live;" and there is little doubt that, if the old cathedral were renovated with a generous hand (there is nothing to spoil by "restoration"), a good organ provided, and a full and efficient choir maintained (not necessarily "angelic"), a large section of the followers of the church to whom old associations are dear would be attracted to rally round the patriarchal parish, and the denomination would thus in the end economise by filling an existing church instead of building others before they are required. On the 22nd of the present month the con- secration takes place of the new cathedral of St. Paul's. From that date St. James's will cases to be the cathedral. The consecration of the latter was solemnised on Friday, 30th December, 1853 (a date of which, until lately, the church authorities had entirely lost re- cord). Its greatest period of utility, however, was probably the eleven years previous to that date, when, as plain St. James's Church, it stood alone the acknowledged spiritual centre of the community. It remains to be seen whether St. James's Church of the future will rise to a new era of activity or sink into the dependent position of a pensioner, and be allowed to "go down," "Unwept, unhonoured, and unsung." 