Toowoomba Turf Club. WINTER MEETING:. FIRST DAY. President, Hon. James Taylor, M.L.C , vioc-prc9i(lents. Or Gardoand F. 0, Brodribb; coiimit'en. Messri. G. G. Cory, R W. Scholotiel'l, W. It. Robinson, John Long, S. Cock, J. V. Herbert, J Scully, W. Thorn, and Wot. Cnmpboll; judge, Hon. .Ta-nes iayior, iti.uvj.; sr.arcer, ivir. -v. morn; clerk of the scales, Mr. S. 0 -ek ; clerk of the cnii'-se, Mr. E. IS lots ; timnkeeper. Mr. J. McD maid ; treasurer, Mr. W. R. Robinsou ; se«retary, Mr. Mattliew Elwards. Thursday mint have been a day of lucritivo speculation to those whose exp rionce associates the cold westerly wind with cool judgment. At nny rate, whatever may have boon the effect of winds upon monetary transactions, certain it is that one was not very nnro at times of the existence of his digits. But this unpleasantness was in a great measure counter balanced by the excellence of tho sport pro-' vided. Largo fields and j''lici'us handi capping gave rise to tips of a much varied nature, and the most favoured animals did not always vindicate the trust reposed in them. Rosy Dawn was rather a surprise in the Welter, as hor dividend of £12 12s. will show, and it is surprising that VVheathand who started a warm favourite did not acquit him self better. Governor started a favourite fir tho T. C. Handicap, and no better prognostica« tion of a brilliant career could have been given thin his meritorinns victory over Empire. Thn Clifford Plato was considered pretty sure for CnrriniuU. but Foreman np3ist calculations to tho tune of a dividend of JE9. The starter, Mr. W, Thorn, wo have often seen to bettor advantage, but perhaps some of the very inferior starts may b- attiibutod to excitement amongst the riders and the unwieldy fields nt his disposal. Judge and (towards, having had but few difficulties to contend with, acquitted themselves creditably. The privileged few seemed to do a splendid business, an a crowd of over 1000 on n cold day can generally find room for au unusual quantity nf calorific ingredients. Luncheon in tho liands of Mr. Gentle as usual was all that could be desired. j.iiu i-'^ 'Ha 'run i trjjii.-auiiLi:!!, nun juii^ui^ 'rnm the hoarseness which prevailuil towards the close of the day, each mctallician mnst havo driven a roaring business. It must in dooti have been gratifying to tho committee to find that such a number of horses engaged in the metropolitan meetings should have accep ted for the Toowoomba races, as from this fact can be gained a very fair conception of their popularity. The train sot apart as a cheap excursion from Brisbane in hononr of the meotiug was well patronised, and landed a welcome addition to the crowd which must have made a financial balance on tho correct sido of the ledger. The grand-stand was in great demand, as it afforded a pleasant shelter from the icy winds, and was almost continually full of a fair sample oE what Toowoomba can put in the field in tho way of fair sex. The Headquarters Band was en gaged, and supplied throughout the day many spirited selections which served to reduce the monotony between the races. The totalisator was kept giing pretty smartly during the day, and upwards of £1500 innst havo gono through. Appended is the result of the day's racing: — Maiden Plate of 30 sovs, for all maiden horses ; weight for age ; about 1 mile. Mr. R. Newton's Hosy Dawn, 7st 5lb ? (Uooth) 1 Mr. J. Finnie's Silver Spray, 7st 51b ... (Farquharson) 2 Mr. Charles Baker's Nnrsgirl, 7st 51b ? (Bailey) 3 Other startere : Expert Ost, Wheatband 8st 101b, Kholo 8st 101b, Waterlilly 8st 91b, rnain oiq oiu, ii.uic ii vat oio, uoie vsc oio. Totalisator betting : Wheatband 79, Nurse girl 69. Silver Spray 66, Kholo 20, Waterlily 18, Rosy Daw? 10, Priam 9, Eble 3, Expert . A bad start was effected aftor numerous attempts, when Kholo was soon in the van, leading by abnut a length from Waterlily, with Priam, Silver Spray, aud Wheatband iu close attendance About twenty yards from tho post Eblo foil, and Exile II taking fright bolted off the course. At the half mile Silver Spray, Wheatband, and Kholo assumed the lead and, racing neck and neck, entered the straight. This order was soon alterod by Rosy Dawn and' Nursogirl who forgod ahead from the ruck, and a spirited race ensued to the post which was reached first by Rosy Dawn, a lnngth in front of Silverapray who led from Nurscgirl about half a length. Time, 1 inin. -Waecs. Dividend, £12 12j. WkIiTBB Havdicap of -ID sovs, for all horses ; second horse to receive 5 sovs out of the stake ; abnut 1 mile. Mr. Jno. Murray's Decoy, 8at 21b ? (Oakley) 1 Mr. Win. Morgan's Firstgame, 9st ? (Woodgate) 2 Mr. G. Gilbert's Millie, Oat 31b (Wood-) 3 Other starters : Foreman lOst 41b, Heath lOst, Garuda Oat 91b, La.ly Eliza Oat 31b, Tyre 8st 71b, Dawn 8st 71b, Cornllowor 8st 71b, Hock Sat 51b, Jick 8st 41b. Totalisator betting: Garuda 83, Magic G9, Jack GO, Formmn 59, Decoy 2(5, Hoath 25, Tyro 20, Lady Eliz» 15, Hock 13, Corn flower 11, fc'irstgume 10, Dawn 4. Magic's ardour at tho post interfered greatly with the intentions of the starter, with the result that he was sent back to mccivo a moro patient mount. Jai-k indulged in more preliminaries than are usually apportioned — deprived him of some of his wind and pluck. At last the horses were all sentaway, but to an inferior start, piloted by tleath, Magic, and the inevitable Jack. Foreman, Tyre, l'irst game, Docoy, and Hock battled for fourth position j Garuda, Cornflower, and Dawn ab -ut a length behind, evidently waiting for a chance. At tho half-mile Oecny began ti- put on steam, and overhauling Heath, was so in clnao to Magic with whom lie raced to tho turn, where he w«s joined by Firntgiiino. A grand race to the post resulted, terminating in a win for Decoy with ITirstiratno second, about half-a-lcngth behind, and leading Magic by a leneth Tune, lmin. 48isi'c. The total number of tickets issued was 400, 20 of which were entrusted to the winner. Dividend, £7. Protests were entered by Messrs. Morgan and Gilbert, who alleged f-hat the race was starteii in front of the post, but were not upheld by tbo stewards. TOOWOOHBA TtfJlF CtUB HANDICAP of 120 sovs, second horse to receive 20 sovs out of the stake; about \\\ mile. Mf H. A. Walsh's Govornor, 8st 111b ? ... (M.Ryan) 1 Mr B. T. Easton's Erapirs, 9st, (Valentine) 2 Mr Jas. McG- ill's La Grange, 7«t 81b , ? (Strickland) 3 Other starters: Garuda, 7«t 61b; Albion,. 7Bt 41b; ijaxon, 7st 41b; Myrns, 7at lib; Exile, 7st; Piora, 6»t 101b; Portor, Gst 101b; Honesty, 6at 71b; Docoy, Gst 51b; Hock', Gst 41b. Totalisator botting : Govornor 135, Myrua 89, La ^rango 80, Empire 70, Saxon 55, Decoy 41, Garuda 34, Exile 34, Piora 32, Porter 28, Honesty 14, Albion 12, Hock 8. Auothor inferior start was disastrous to tho chances of Honesty. On passing the post for the first time the order wis Hock, no coy, Portjr, and Myrus, with the rest, excepting Honesty, well bunched. Whon the mile had been accomplished, Hock resigned in favour of Einpiro and La Grange, who for a short distanco jointly conducted tbo revelries. Myrus exerted himself and assumed a position close to the tails of tho leaders. But although at this time the pace had do velopod into a ' cracker,' Governor possessed sufficient stanvna to assert his claim. Racing from tho back, ho overhauled Hock, Myrus aud Saxon in succession, until ho came on terms with the leaders. The challenge was accepted by Empire, aud a tremendous burst ensued all along tlio straight, and Governor I managed to obtain the command, passing the post only half a length uhoad, La Grange in tho struggle for supremacy having fallen 1J length behind tho victor. The remaindur were two lengths away. Time, 2min. 47a«c. Dividend, £2 2s. Sbi,hno Race of 30 sovs, the winner to ho sold for 20 sora; any surplus to go to th) club; weight forage; 71b allowed for every reduction of 5 sovs on selling price : about 1 mile. Mr R. Johnson's Priam, 6«t 51b ? (Callaghan) 1 Mr G. N. Watson's Tuttlor, 8st 91b ? (Pox) 2 uir u. Ducxicy a ocarugnc jli, oid *jio ? ? (Buckley) 3 Other (farters : Daisy 8st 121b, Figtro 8at 91b, Aurora 7st 61b, Garoth 7st 21b, Whale bone Gat 91b, Saul Gst 91b, Centipede, Gst 91b. Totalisator betting: Starlight 50, Tattler 42, Priam 25, Figaro 20, Daisy 8, Aurora 7, Gareth 6, Saul 6, Panic 5, Whalebone 4, Centipede 4. ' An abotninablo start was accomplished for this race, by which Tattlor benefited. Garetb and Starlight held second position a'.id Priam third, tho rest being nowhoro. At the half milo Garetb gave up the ghost, and Starlight filled the vacancy. On entsriag the straight Priam came with a rnah, racod with Star light II long enough to beat him, and came on even terms with Tat tler. A grand race down the straight ensued and tho result, though by the public connidered a dead heat, was given in favour of Priam, Starlight a fair third about a length behind Tattlor. Time linin 49iscc. Dividend £2 14s. The winner wbb sold to Mr. T. Brown for the sum of £25. Chffoed Plate (handicap) of 51) sovs; second horse to receive 10 sovs out of the stake ; 20 sovs presented by the Hoii. James Taylor, the balance by the club; about 1 mile. Mr. J McGill's Foreman, 7st 71b (Miller) 1 Mr. W. Mahaffay's Wheatband, Gst 101b ? (Francis) 2 Mr. G. Gilbert's Magic, 3st 31h (Buley) 3 Other starters : Orinnnd 4-t l()lb, Albion 7st 81b, Coronella 7st 6lb, Myrus 7st 61b, Pirstgame 7st 21b, Heath 7st, Sing Song 6st 121b. Falsa list 7lh Totuliaator betting : Coronolla 107, Sing Song 83, Myrus 54, Magic 48, Ormond 34, Falk* 27, Heath 24, Foreman 21, Firstgame 12, Albion 5, Wheatband 2. The Btart was delayed until duslr, and Coronella and Fore man wore forced to change jockeys. Magic and Sing Song alternately broke and galloped sundry short distances to their own detriment. Finally, u second class send-off was given, Ormond, Sing Song, and Magic leadin?, and Albion left on the mark. Foreman, Magic, Ormond, and Coronolla raced in company to tho straight, with Wheatband in close attendance. At the home turn Ormond and Coronella fell bohind, and a grand race between Magic, Foreman, and Wheatband resulted in a win for Foreman by a neck from Wheatband, Magic being a good third. Tima lmin 47iacc. Dividend £9. SECOND DAY. Thursday ended tho period allowed for the west winds, and Friday, although somewhat frosty in the eaily morning, developed a waimth as pleasant as the previous day had been unpleasant. Tho crowd . of spec tators was not quite so large, but in round inmbera must havo totted somo 750. Tho racing was on the whole'excellent, and the starting a vast im provement upon the first day. Fur the Flying Handicap a field of 11 faced the startor uud the favourite won after a hard strugglo with Heath. The Town Plate induced a field of 15, and Buttons, the old favourite, carried a mint oE money. The old horse did not seem to inspire the knowing onus with much enthusiasm, and sever il hints were let drop relating to condition and stiffness. B it thesu delusions were dispelled ero a great part of the distance had been travelled, for anyone could see from tbo case with which ho kept his field within a comf.irtublo distance that he would soon play ducks aud drakes with tho fancies of the unsophisticated. And so he did. Awaking as it wero from a lethargic listless ness when but half a mile from home, he commenced to advance and tho raniditv with which his whilom leaders were treated to a i view of his hind quarters give i some adequatu | conception of what he is capable of. Iu the \ opinion of most of thu onlookers his speed bus never been tested, and this would appear a correct statement from the rediculous ease with which lie finished. Betting was nearly as brisk as on the proceeding day, and somo £300 passed through tho totalisator. Buttons' victory gave riso to frequent bursts of lusty cheering, and several flattering orations were accorded both horse and master. Throughout tho day and during the previous tliy no accident occurred, the crowd was per fectly well behaved, and though the quality of the suction was on one or two occasions demonstrated, nothing occurred to produce a frown on the forehead of law or to mar tho day's enjoyment. Tho Firced Handicap, in which M-igio scored a well deserved and popular win, brought to a con clusion n-hat must have been one of the most successful mcetiugs, considered either from a spurting or a financial p -int af vieiv, that this club has oxperionced for many a day. The day's racing; was as follows : Ely/ixu Handicap of 40 sovs, second horse to receive 5 sovs out or the stake ; 7 furlongs. Mr J. P. Jost's Coronolla, 7st 81b (Ryan) 1 Mr.gj. P. Jost's Heath, 7st ...(Rogers) a Mr. Jas. McGill's Foreman, 7st9lb (Miller) 3 Ooliar starters : G-aruda 7st 121b, Johuny Crapaud 7st 71b, Firstgamo 7st 51b, Lady Eli™ 7st 41h, .Tank 6st 12, Cornflower Gst 121b, Falka Gst 91b. Tot.disator bettiug : Coronella 53, Foreman 47, Jack 43, Magic 34, Giruda 27, Johnny Crapaud 10, Lady Eliza 15, Heath 10, Falka 10, Firstgame 10, Cornflower 0. From a very fair start Heath and Cor.inella drew away, folio .veil by Lady fijlizi. Jack, forenun, and Firstgamo closely huddled together. This order was sustained to tho half mile post where Lii ty I'jlizu began to distance her companions. On approaching tho straight the field drew up but tho raco was virtually over except ns regarded Heath, Coronolla, Garuda, Foreman and Magic. A splendid race home resulted between these five, and with half a length soDurating first, second and third horses, thuy passed the post in tho following order — Curoiiolla, Heath, Foreman, Lady Eliza, Garuda, Magic. Time, lmin. 33sccs. Dividend, £2 5s. Junenilk Stakes (handicap) of 40 sovs, second horse to recoivo 5 sovs from the. stake; for two and three year olds ; '} inilo. Mr. J. McG-uiro's Piora, 7st lllb (Martin) 1 Mr. H. Huutor's Rivulet, 7st 31b (Fernio) 2 Mr. R. Newtou's Kosy Dawn, 7st (Booth) 3 Other starters : Sing Song, Loft-on-Hand, Tyro, Waterlily, Saturn, Kholo, Priam, Martindalo, Nursegirl, Pink, Eble. Totalisator betting: Saturn 78, Lefton lluuu ui, oiug ouug ^ji., xiursuf;iri &-J, jriuru, 23, Kholo 14, Rivulet 13, Priam 9, Rosy Dawn G, Tyro 5, Waterlily 2, Dawn, Martin dale. Pink and Eblo 1 each. Kholo and Sing Song got all the adviintago of a inodorato start, and the latter increased his lead a little during the first furlong.. On entering tho straight Piora, in company- with Rivulet, who hud hitherto boon running on tho outskirts of tho ruck, drew speedily fo rward and began to challenge tho leader. Rosy Dawn also forged ahead close on to the van which was now represented by Siug Song, Rivulet, and Piora. A grand struggle ensued, and Sing Song fell back fourth, leaving Piora, Rivulet, and Rosy Dawn to fight it out. For tv few yards tho youngsters galloped neck: and neck at a tremendous pace, but ou approa clung tho post, now. life seemed to have en.tered Piora us he broko away and won by halfa length from Rivulet, Rosy Dawn boing it very creditable third. Pink, Tyro, and Slaturn finished in the order givon. Timo, lmin 2ljsec. Dividend, £6 7s. Town Plate (handicap) of 80 aovs, second horse to receive LO sovs from the stake; about 1 -mite and a furlong. Mr. B, T. Easton's Buttons. lOst ? (Valentine) 1 Mr. T. Miguire's Piora, Gst 101b ? (Rogers) 2 Mr. F. Marsden's Garuda, 7st 81b ? (M-:Cabe) 3 Other starters : Governor 8st 121b, La QrnnRC 7st 101b, Albion 7»t 81b, Myrus 7st 41b, O.ironeila, 7st 41b, Whoatband 7st', Magic 7at, Lady Eliza Gat llllb. Sing Song 6st 121b, Porter fist 101b, Decoy Ost 71b, aud Fulka Gst 41b. Totalisator betting : Buttons 119, La Orange 91, Governor 4t, Magic 33, Myrtis 22, Decoy 22, Wheatband 15, Coronella 14, Piora 9, G-aruda 8, Porter 3, Sing Song, Lady Eliza and Albion 2 each. A very tolereblo start was effected without mnpli f.rtvtihln nnrl tilrn nn itTinflt-.umia unnnn-Rhnr Sing Song dashed to tho front A lively tussle down the straight altered the individuality of the pilot and Myrus usurped the position vacated by Sing Song. On passing tho post for tho first time, tho ' order was — Myrus, Sing Song, Li Grange, Lady Eliza, with the rest bunched very closo bohind. Buttons occupied second position calculated from the re»r, and a heavy sigh emanating from the lungs of his admirers angered a defeat for the old favorite. At the half milo post things begun to take a different aspect, changes being wrought; by thn arrival towards the front of Coroneila and Nursgirl. Presently every jockey, as if actuated by the same thought, glanced back, and forthwith sat down on their respective steeds, for tho terriblo Buttons had begun his victorious rush. Horse after horse was left behind, as the rodonblabld favourite extended himself in earnest, and ai the races entered the straight several pantomimic manifestations of bliss unalloyed to tho tuna of ' Buttons walks in,' announced the fact that ho had reached the leaders. With a spurt of justanffi cient energy to give him a lead of four lengths. Buttons landed a popular win. Piora led Garuda by a length, and, beaded by Lady Eliza, tho remainder of the field came in nearly neck and neck. Time, 2min. Oisiic. Dividend, £1 5s. John.vy Gilpin Stakes of 30 sovs, winner to be sold for 1 sov ; any surplus to so to the club ; weight for age ; about 1 milo. Mr. a. N. Watson's Tattler (J. Blacklock) 1 Mr. David Elder's Aurora (Wnodgato) 2 Mr. H. Fogarty's Whalebone (Wallis) 3 Other starters: Daisy 8st 12lb, Splinter 8st 91b, Siul 8st 9!b, Gireth 8st 9lb, Centipede 8st 91b, Panic 7st. Totaliaator betting : Tattler 1GS, Panic G2, Diisy 28, Aurora 19, Saul 9, Centipede 8, Whalebone 8, Splinter n, Gareth 4. A rather inferior start was effected, but Garuda and Centipede had nothing to complain of. At the furlong post Tattler made the trio, who wore closoly followed by Whalebone and Panic to the half mile post. At this stage Garuda and Tatt'or foil back slightly, the latter ocenpyiug third position. Ou entering the straight the favorite, with Daisy, again began to move forward, as also did Aurorn. A hard struggle ensued and the horses finished in the following order. — Tattler, Aurora, *v uumuouu, uaisy, irauic, oaui, ixaruua, Centipede. A length separated first second and third horses. Time, lmin Slsecs. Divi dend, lGs, The winner was purchased by Mr. M. O'Donnell for the sum of £30 10s. Whalebone also changed misters and is now the property of Mr. White. Aurora and Panic were also offered for sale by the club's auctioneer (Mr. W It. Robinson). Foiicet) Handicap of 2 aovs from the winners of the Turf Club Handicap and Town Plate, ond 1 aov eich from the winners nf the other races, with 15 sovs added ; losers optional on payment nf 1 sov ; about 1 mile. Mr. G. Gilbort's Magic, 7*t 41b (Rogers) 1 Mr. J. Finme's Ormond, Sst 71b (McCabe) 3 Mr. J. Buckley's Starlight II 7st 21b ? (Biiley) 2 Other starters : Hoath 7st Clb, Albion 7st, Tyre Gst 101b, Honesty Git 71b. Totalisatnr batting : Heath 92, Ormnnd G7, Majic 35, Starlight II 25, Albion 19, Tyre 11, Hminsty 6. Magic, Honesty, Starlight, and Tyro were in it ut the start but Albiou got badly left. Heath drmv out and led pist tin; half-mile, with Oi'inond close t'i his heels. On entering the straight jVIa^ic wrested first position from Heath, and the race resulted as follows — Majic half a length ahead of Ormoud, who was a length ahund of Starlight, with Heath, Albion Tyro, and Honesty iu the order named. Time, lmin. 48soc. Dividend, £3 5s. 