THE WEDDING RING. A TALE OF TO-DAY, CHAPTER VII.— SIR GEORGE. BY ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of ‘The Shadow of the Sword, 'God and the Man,’ ‘Stormy Waters,’ &c.; The two friends rode Bide by side, in silence for the most part, until they came to Crouchford Lodge, a venerable pile of building, of which the central and oldest portion was Elizabethan, and the two wings of the date of the first Charlee and the second tjeorge respectively. It stood on a little eminence (quite a hill, it seemed amid the fiat Essex meadows), aud commanded a goodly view of the broad acres whioh owned Sir George as master. Dinner that evening was as dull a business as if the two companions, instead of being bosom friends who had not met for years, had been long since bored to death by each other’s society, and could find nothing to say. Bream, who had by this time got over his amazement in recognising Ilia old West minster parishioner in Mrs Dartmouth, made several attempts to lead his companion into conversation, but with little avail. Sir George woke up for a minute, only to fall back into his uueasv reserve. At last, when coffee had been served, and they were left alone with their cigars, the curate roundly challenged his friend-as to the reason of his melancholy. ‘ I may as well tell you,’ said Venebles. 1 One gets a sort of relief sometimes by talking freely. But not here. Let’s go out of doors into the fresh air.’ They passed out together in the growing moonlight, aud the baronet, at first with an obvious effort, but increasing ease as he continued, unloosened himself to his old friend. ‘You asked me just now,’ he said, ‘ why I went abroad the year before last, and stayed away until two months ago. I’ll tell you. It was because I had asked Mrs Dart mouth to be my wife, and she refused, aud I thought the change of scene aud occupation might help me to forget her.’ ‘ She refused you,’ repeated Bream. 1 Yes.’ ‘ Did she give any reason for the refusal?’ ‘ I asked her for a reason. She begged me to let the question go unanswered, but assured me that the reasou was sufficient.’ ‘ Who is Mrs Dartmouth!’ asked Bream. It went against the honest opeuness of his nature to be guilty of even such innocent feigning as this, but he held the woman’s secret in trust, and had bound himself in silence. Sir George was his oldest friend, and he must needs show sympathy for him tn his trouble. ‘She is Mrs Dartmouth,’ auswered the baronet. ‘That is all I know, and all I want to know, except for the last five years she has been the only woman in the world to me.' ‘ You know nothing of her antecedents ¥ ‘Nothing whatever. She came herewith her child, five years ago, and took the farm through an agent. A year later she made personal overtures to buy it. My father was very unwilling to let it go, but I persuaded liini, and he gave way.. That was the begin ning of a misunderstanding between us, which lasted to bis death—the only oue we ever had together. I was so infatuated with Gillian after my first meeting with her, that I couldn’t keep away from her, and my con stant presence at the farm got to be tbe talk of the county. There was some scandal shout it, I heard—tbe fools about hero would talk scandal of an augel, I thiuk.’ He paused, angrily striking his boots with bis riding- whip. " Well, it came to my father’s ears, and he spoke of it to me, aud warned me that I was damaging Mrs Dartmouth’s reputation and hnrtiug my owu prospects. He had plans for me. Our neighbor, Sir James Dayne, bad an only daughter, and the two estates run side by side. It was the old man’s dream to put a ring fence round them. He told me all this. I don’t know wliat I said, but I remember what I did. I jumped on horseback, and went over to Mrs Dartmouth snd asked her to marry me. She refused, as I have already told you.’ Bream listened, but expressed no surprise. Sir George continued:— ‘ I was like a man dazed for weeks after, and then I had a severe illness —a brain fever. It was thought that I should die; but I recovered. My father was very good about it; he did not reproach me, or press me to obey his wishes in any direct way, for some time. I suppose he saw the case was despe rate, aud understood that his only chance was to give mo time. After a while, he re turned to the subject very delicately. He brought Miss Dayne and me together, and encouraged people, in a quiet way, to look on our union as certain. I suppose I gave him some right to do so, for I never men tioned Mrs Dartmouth’s name for months, or Went near her.’ ‘ Wise, perhaps,’ interrupted Bream. ‘Ouce I met her by accident, at a yeo manry hall, aud I am sure that no stranger who had seen our meeting would have dis covered that there was anything between us but the most commonplace acquaintance. I seemed numbed, somehow, as I felt once when I was pitched on my head out Inlnt ■Dgi and got up and rode home. My father thought I was cured, I should have thought so too, if I could have cared for anything or felt any interest in life. Something like a tacit engagement was entered into with the Daynes. I was to go abroad and travel a little, and when I came back the engagement was to be made public, and we were to be married.’ Sir George paused, with a gloomy frown, then proceeded: ‘She—the girl—was a good,-feeble, in significant little creature, who would have married a laborer off her father’s" fields if Bhe had been ordered to do it. It was arranged that I should go away for a year. I started, and got as far as Paris, and then—God knows what idea I had in my poor head—l knew it was hopeless, and whether I was at homo or at the North Pole it would make no differ ence, but I came back, I could not bear to be away from her. My father saw that it was no further use to struggle with me, and gave in about Miss Dayue. He died a year later, aud I succeeded to the title and the estates, aud some months later I made a second proposal to Mrs Dartmouth.’ * And then ? ’ ‘ I learnt then, what I had never known befoie, that she loved me. She told me so. I begged her to tell me what was the obstacle that kept us apart, but she would not. She extracted a promise from me that I would go away from England for a short time, nnd that come what might, she would marry no other man. I went, nnd travelled all over the continent, and through America and Australia. I was away nearly two years, till I could stay away uo longer. The absence did me a little good; I shall never cease to love her, but I have learned patience. I can meet her now as a friend, without making her unhappy by ask ing her for what she cannot give me. I am not very unhappy, except at moments, and I manage to keep my unhappiness to myself, as a general thing. I potter abont the estate, and attend Quarter Sessions, and all the rest of it, and I daresay some day I shall go into the house, nnd be a tolerable success as a country gentleman.’ ‘ Havo you uo idea of her reason for re fusing to marry you ?’. ‘ -She gave me nono. I can only guess. The likeliest guess I can make is that her husband is still alive. A nice brute he must have been to quarrel with ail angel like that. By God, Bream, when you know her ns I do. She’s an angel. She’s been the sunlight of this place since she’s been here, you’ll hear what the poor say about her. They worship her, and no wonder. She’s the best frieud they ever had.’ ‘ Di you see her often ?’ ■‘ No oftener than I can help,’ be replied, simply. ‘I hadn’t been there for six weeks when I called to-day.’ 1 You could hardly have liked my monopo lising her as I did,’ said Bream. * I did not mind it,’ answered Sir George. ‘ I am glad to be near her, but it is as well, perhaps, that I should not be alone with her. I am not certain, if I could trust my self to speak of—of things better left un spoken of.’ The anodyne which soothes the heart of one who had spoken of his secret trouble to a sympathetic listener, had come to him, and he was more cheerful, more like his strong and hopeful self, whom Bream had known years ago when they had been boys to gether. They walked late under tho moonlight, talking of mnny things, old memories, and future plans. Sir George was cheerful at breakfast, and saw his friend mount and start back to the village with jovial invitations to him to come again soon, and to stay a longer time. As Bream drew- near Mrs Dartmouth’s house, he saw approaching him the figure of a tall aud strongly built man, clad in what seemed n peculiar compromise between the ordinary dress of a peasant and that of a sailor. He had on a pair of dilapidated long shore boots reaching to mid-thigh, and splashed with mud of various hues, as were the corduroy trousers which surmounted them, a blue flannel shirt with a carelessly knotted flaming red tie, a ragged tweed jacket,' and a broad felt sombrero. He seemed to be under the influence of liquor, for he was reeling and tacking from side to side of the road, and every now and then pausing to hold on to a tree brauch. Think ing that it was an early hour for the most faithful subject La Dive Bouteille to be so nearly prostrate at her shrine, aud wonder ing if one so strangely garbed was merely a passing tramp or one of his parishioners, Bream turned in at Mrs Dartmouth’s gate. The lady was on the lawn in front of tho house, equipped with garden gauntlets aud a pair of shears, nnd engaged in trimming a rosebush, with Dora hovering about her. Site gave him a pleasant greeting, and called to a gardener at work at a little distance to take the mare round to the stable. They wero chatting together, as she continued her work among the flowers, when a sudden cry of alarm from Dora made them both turn. There, in the gateway, stood the figme which Bream had seen a few minutes before in the road. In the very moment in which Bream again caught sight of him he set b >th hands to his head, and with a long groan fell forward on the path, sending the gravel flying in a little shower about his prostrate figure. Bream ran to him. He was lying face downwards, in an altitude of complete un consciousness and self-abandonment. Turning him over as he raised his head, the curate saw that he had altogether misread the mail’s condition. He was not drunk, but clearly very ill. ,His face was blanched to the hue of chalk, his iips a dull violet, the half-opened lids showed the glaring and dis colored whites of his eyes. The beating of his heart was scarcely sensible to the touch of Bream’s hand, and only his slow and stertorous breath betrayed that life was in him. ‘The man is seriously ill,’ he answered to Mrs Dartmouth’s rapid questious. ‘He has fainted from hunger.’ ‘ Boor wretch,’ said Mrs Dartmouth, pity ingly; ‘can you not carry him into the hall! T im will help you.’ The gardener had returned, and lent a pair of strong and willing hands. The broken wayfarer was carried into the house, and set upon a chair, where he sat, lax as an un strung marionette, supported by Bream’s arm. ‘ A bad business, I fear,’ said the latter. ‘Could you let me have a little brandy, please?’ A ring at the bell produced Barbara, who went in° search of the spirit, and stood by while Bream gently insinuated n teaspoou ful into the man’s throat. He sighed, uud a faint tinge of color flickered iuto his ashen cheeks. ‘ That’s better,’ said Bream. ‘ Come, my lad, try another dose!’ The second teaspoonful of liquor worked a marked change for the better in the man’s aspect- nnd condition. The color in his face deepened, his eyes opened, and after letting them wander for a moment, he fixed them on Mrs Dartmouth. His lips stirred with a broken murmur, and he made a wandering movement with his arm, meant, perhaps, for a phrase of thanks nnd a salute, though no word was distinguishable, and his arm fell heavily by his side again. ‘ls there any workhouse or asylum that would take the poor fellow in?’ asked nearer than Stortford,’ answered Mrs Dartmouth, ‘ and that is 12 miles away. Is he very ill ?’ , . , -, ‘Too ill to stand such a journey, said Bream. ‘ He is almost exhausted. What is to be done?’ , T - ‘Wo must-give him shelter here, I sup pose. It would be inhuman to turn him out upon the road again.’ • .... 1 Eh,* misses,* szn'l Burbnra, but lie is such a rough lookin’ chap.’ _ ‘lt may be a long busiuess, said-Bream, ‘he has evidently only partially recovered from a severe illness, possibly an mfectious 8 ‘ There is a loft over the stable,’ said Mrs Dartmouth, ‘ where the groom used to live before bis cottage was built. He would be Quite safe there.’ .... a ‘Lord save us, misses, again interposed Barbara. ‘ We shall all be murdered m our G ‘Not by this fellow,’said Bream, ‘ for a time at any rate. He hasn’t thei strength to murder a fly. Whatever is to be done, should be done quickly.’ ‘ We cannot turn bun out, said Mrs Dartmouth again, ‘ that would be too shame ful Will you help Tom to carry him to the [“ft, Mr Bream, and please tell me what food he should have.’ ‘ Soup—not too strong. A spoouful every half-hour. Now, Tom, my man, take his egs So! You had better come with us, Miss Barbara, to see that the room is in order.’ Barbara followed, a mute protest ex pressed iu her face, and Bream and the gar dener bore their patient to the loft. It was not until they had got him there that Bream noticed a ragged and .dirty scrap of paper clenched iu the man’3 hand. It seemed as if, even iu' his mental prostration and physical exhaustion, he blindly attached some value to it, for he feebly resented the curate’s effort to take it from his fiogerß. On it was written, in thin rusty ink, in straggling formless characters, these words— ‘ Barbara Leigh, ‘Crouchford Court, Crouchford, Essex.’ He read the words aloud, and was electri fied by a sudden scream from the woman at his side. ‘ Lord sakes, it’s Jake !’ ‘ Jake,’ said Bream, * you know him ?’ ‘Know him. He’s my own very brother in-law—Jake Owen, as married my sister ten years ago and took her to Ameriky.’ CHAPTER VIH. Jake Owen. • ‘ Jake ! ’ said Barbara, kneeling beside tho bed. ‘ Eh, Jake lad, to think as I’d ha turned thee nut on to the road again liko a starvin’ dog ! Lord, forgive me for my sin. Jake, don’t ee know me ? I be Jess’s sister, Jess; as you married, Jake.’ The repetition of the name stirred the traveller. His eyes, which had been fixed -upon the ceiling with a meaningless and glassy 6tare, grew brighter, the rigid lines of his face softened. ‘ Jake,' said Barbara again, ‘ won’t ee speak to me, lad?’ The fingers which had held the "paper fumbled feebly on the counterpane, as if seeking for it. Juke turned his head, and saw Barbara kneeling beside him. ‘ Who be you?’ lie asked; ‘ where am I?’ ‘ I’m Barbara Leigh,’ blio said, letting his second question pass unanswered. ‘Barbara Leigh,’"he repeated, ‘let’s see thy face. Aye, Barbara Leigh. Jess’sister.’ ‘Yes, yes, Jess’ sister. What brings ye here?’ ‘ I’ve come,’ said Jake, slowly and with difficulty, ‘ to see ye, and bring ye a mes sage. How did I come here ? Where did ye find me?" Ah 1 I remember, I was at the gate when my head went round, and I seemed death struck, aud then—« hat place is this ?' ‘ Crouchford Court,’ answered Barbara. ‘ I’m servant here. Ye had tho name wrote on this paper.’ ‘All!’ said Juke, recognising it, ‘ I wrote it myself, two days agoue, when I left London, after I'd first felt the deadness coming over me, so as folks might know as I had friend.-', and belonged somewhere. Who’s this?’ he asked, with a gesture of the head towards Mr Bream, who stood quietly attentive at tho bedside. ‘lt’s Mr Bream, Juke, the curate of the parish, as fouud ye at the gate and brought you here.’ ‘ Service t’ye, sir,’ said Jake, ‘ though I’d rather sec ye iu a coat of another color.’ ‘Aye?’ said Bream, ‘and why so, my good fellow ? ’ ‘ Why,’ answered the wayfarer, ‘ they say where black coats gather they be like ravene, and sceut death. But I won’t die yet, no—by God—not till I’ve douo my work !’ ‘ You’ll live to do plenty of work yet, my friend, if you’ll take care and not exeito yourself.’ ‘ Bless you, sir, for them words,’ said Bafhara. ‘ You’ve had a long tramp?’ said Bream. ‘ Aye, all the way from London. Three nights and days on the road. I’m sore spent, but there’s life in me yet.’ ‘ There is, indeed,’said Bream, looking at him with interest. There was a galvanic vitality in tho man. Five minutes ago he had seemed almost on the point of death,.now his voice, though weak, was firm, aud his pule face was full of a restless energy. ‘ You’ll come through all right, but you must be quiet, nnd not ex cite yourself. You’ve had brain fever.’ ‘Ay!’ said Jake. ‘That's what they called it aboard ship. But I want to talk to Barbey, and, begging yonr pardon ’ ‘You want me to g-o ? Well, so I will in a minute. Let me feel your pulse. Are you hungry ?’ ‘ 1 was a while ago 1’ ‘Some soup will be here in a little while. See that he eats moderately, Barbara. He is not so ill as I supposed, hut he must be careful. I'll look in again towards evening. Keep your heart up, my fine fellow, and yen’ll soeii be on your legs again.’ ‘ Thankee, sir,’ said Jake, ‘ for what you’ve done, and my service to Bubey’s missis.’ ‘Tell me,’ said Barbara, when the door had closed behind Mr Bream, ‘ tell me about Jess. Where is she ? Is she come back to England wi' you.’ ‘Nay,’ said Jake, ‘she’ll come back to England no more, tny lass.’ ‘Jake!! said Barbara, ‘can’t ee speak plain ? What is it ns ye’re trying to hide me ?’ ‘She’s dead,’ said Jake.- . • Dead !’ said Barbara. ‘ Aj’,’said Jake, staring at tho ceiling. ‘ She’s dead and buried. She died in my arms.’ . ‘ I can’t believe it,’ said Barbara, ‘ eh, Jake, ye're lying, I doubt, for sport. Say as ye arc.’ ‘lt’s the God’s truth,’ said the man. ‘ She died i’my arms, out yonder. Look me i’ the face, Barbey, did you have no -word from her—no news’ o’ what happened ere she died ?’ ‘Not a word,’ said Barbara. ‘ Not a word have I had from her for twelve mouths and more. The last letter I got said as she was well and happy, uud that you was good to her!’ ‘ Better to her, may be, thuu she de served,’said Jake. ‘What d’ye mean?’ said Barbara. ‘l’d claw the face of any other liiaii as said a word agen my sister. Speak out, straight anil open like a man.’ ‘She left me,’ said Juke. ‘ Left ye, how left ye?' ‘She went off with another man.’ ‘No, no!’ cried Biibara, covering her face with her hands, as if to shut out some horrible vision. ‘ Aye,’ said Jake, ‘ that was the end of .it. That was what came of nine years of happy married life.". Good to her ! She might well say that, Barbey, and more to the buck of it. Good to her ? I loved the ground she trod on the thing she touched. I’d ha’ put my hand in the fire to save her from fiuger-ache. And she loved me, too—till Ac came.’ ‘ He?’ repeated Barbara. ‘Ay, the man she bolted with.’ He lay looking at the ceiling with the same un winking stare, and then said, softly, hut with an indescribable intonation of h no and loathing,‘Damn him.’ Barbara sat silent for a time, rocking her body quietly ti and fro, till suddenly she broke iuto loud weeping., ‘ Ay, lass,’ said Jake, with the same evil sounding quiet in his voice, .‘l’ve done that too," but it didn’t fetch her back.’ Barbara wept unreservedly for some minutes. • ‘ Tell me,’ she said, at last, ‘ how it enne about.’ ‘lt was in California, at a place called Jackson’s Gulch.- I was milling there, and doing well, for the place-was rich. I’d been doing well pretty much all along, after I married JeBS, for when a man loves a gnl.ns I loved her, it put the starch into hi3 hack. I’d done a lot of things, and tried a lot of trades aud places, for there might ha’ been gipsy blood in her veins, 6he was that fond of change. We had no children, thank God. Though, perhaps,’ he added, after a ■ pause, ‘ if we had had, it might ha’ kept her straight. ‘ Well, we got to Jackson’s Gulch, and it was there wo met Mordauiit. That was the name he gave himself, though most likely it wasn’t his own. He was a gentleman, born and bred, and a scholar, and I took it as a good deni of honor as he should have took to me directly n’most ns he saw me. Jess liked him, I c mid see, and I was glad to see her make a.friend, for the place was full of rough people as she didn’t care to mix with. I was away at work all day long, and I thought no harm even when I knew as he was always with her. I’d havo trusted her across the world, after the nine years we’d lived together, nnd him with her, for I be lieved lie. was my friend, and was proud to be in his company. He never did any work, and always seemed to have plenty of money, somehow. Everybody likod him, and gave way to him, he was a sort of king among them rough chaps,, and every woman in the camp was after him. There was nothing as lie couldn’t do. He could talk to the French men and the Germans in their own lingo, and he could play the fiddle better than any other chap in the placp, and he could draw peoples’ pictures so us they seemed to speak to you out of the paper a’most. He did a pic ture of JeBS, as used to hang in the cabin at the Gulch. I burned it after—after that hap pened, for I couldn’t stand seeing the eyes follow me about. I found out afterwards as there’d been a lot of talk in the camp about her and Mordaunt being so much together, hut nobody said anything to me at the time. P’raps that was lucky for ’em, for I was so mad about the weucli, and so took up with Mordaunt, that as likely as not I should have stuck a knife into ’em for their pains. Well, the end came at last. I went home ono night, and the cabin was empty. I waited till one o’clock in the morn ing, and then I went to the bar, beginning to be afeared as something might have happened, and I thought I might get news of her there. Nobody had seen her. Then I asked where Mordaunt was, and the man us kept the bar said he’d borrowed a horse from him and rode out that morning, and hadn’t come back yet. I went buck to the c.ibin, and waited all night. No news came, and no news all next day. I was well nigh mad with fright, and I went to the chief of the vigilance committee, and asked him to give me a search party to look for her. “It’s no use; my lad,” lie said, “ they’ve got six-and-thirty hours start of us, and God knows where they arc by now.” “They!” I suid. “What d’ye mean?” And he told me, she had been seen with Mordamit, 30 mile3 away, at 6 o’clock the day before.’ He paused in his story, panting a little with the exertion of so much speech. Bar bara sat waiting, with clasped hands and tear- stained cheeks, for him to continue. Outside, the pleasant homely sounds of farm life came floating uq to the window of the room on the still June air, the clamping of the horses in the stalls below, the cluck of poultry, the rattle of the big mastiffs chain as he snapped at the flies, the call of a waggoner to his horses 50 yards away on the high.road, .the distant chatter of a sheep bell, the drowsy music of the trees. Presently Jake’s voice rose ‘again, monotonous and hollow, like a ghost’s. ‘ 1 was that mazed I couldn’t think for an li-mr or two. Then I went to the claim where my partner was working. I didn’t need to tell him what bad happened. He knew already, and be saw it in my face as I knew too. 1 asked him to buy my share, and he took it, and paid for it more than it was worth, I remembered afterwards, though I didn’t notice at the time. He offered to come along with me, but I saitl I didn’t want him. It was my work, and I meant to go through with it alone. I meant to find ’em, and to kill ’em both, and what was to happen ntterwards I didn’t know, and I didn’t care. I hunted’em for a long time, nearly all across Americi, getting word of ’em here and there, but never cooling up with them, till at last I got to New York. They bad been there together, and Mordaunt had sailed to England a day or two before, alone. I went all over the city looking for Jess, and at last I found her. Sire was iu the hospital, for she'd been fever struck, and he took advantage of it to run away, and leave her to tlie, nr to starve, nr to go upon the street. I’d meant to kill her, even when I heard she was in the hospital; I went there with murder in my heart, aud my knife was open iu ..my pocket wheu the doctor took me to her bed. lluf, oh, lass, wheu I saw her poor white face, with the mark of death on it, plain for a child to read, my heart broke, and I fell crying by the bedside. For I loved her in iu spite of all.’ Barbara took his hand, and kissed it, and wept upon it, in a helpless passionate pity. ‘ She died,’ Jake continued. * Thank God she died in my arms, and knew as I’ll for given her. I was raviug mad for days after, and knew nothing as happened. When my brain cleared, I was stuuding by her grave, and there, with the rain heating dowu on tne like my own heart’s blood, I sworo to find the itiau as had done it all—ns had killed aud ruined my life.’ 1 Ami did you find him,’ asked Barbara, involuntarily shrinking from the bed, though she still clung to Jake’s baud. ‘No,’ said Jake, ‘ or I wouldn't be raviug here, like an old hen-wife as has lost half-u \-- Z2u chickens. If I’d found him, I’d be quiet, lying in Hie grave with Jess. That's what’s brought mo here. That's what kept me alive through the fever, aud the trouble, and the hunger. It’s fed my mouth like bread, the thought of meeting him face to face. It’s all I ask of God Almighty, just to let ms stand before that man for one minute.’ The simple peasant woman had never seen passion like to this. It frightened her to silence. Then she began to stammer religious commonplace about the wicked ness of revenge. Jake lay staring at tin* ceiling, and made no answer; it was doubt ful if lie heard her. ‘l’m tired, lass,’he said, quietly, a minute after her voice had ceased; ‘ leave me to myself—l’ll sleep a while.’ ( To be Continued.) 