. MR VARLEVS CAMPAIGN. Mr Henry Varley delivered an address in the Lecture Hall of the Y.M.C.A yesterday afternoon, .on the subjeot * of that 'Two Natures; or the Old Man v. the 'New,' in the form of an expository reading of St, Paul's Epistle to the JSphsBians, - The. first three ? chapter^, Mr Varlnr TBtnaiked, '* would , repay 70 year's etudy. Intbemwes gireniihe Divine sioe, showing tbe origin of spiritual blessings in Ohrist. Chapter iv. represented the human side, and in that chapter and the two following, was shown how a Christian should walk in tbis present evil world. A warning was contained in chapter 4 that Christians were not to live according to their old naturK Tbe well-known story of Oliver' Cromwell's injunction to liely, the portrait painter, to represent him in nis picture witb all his imperfections was 'used 'as an illustrs-L tion of tne likeness of tbe ' Old man' as' desoribed by the Bpirit of God. When it was Seen from the fourth chapter what that de scription of tbe old nature was, it wa« no matter for surprise at tbe Divine oommand to ' put off the old man ' It bad bwi well taid that it a man sowed an aot, he reaped a habit ; if he sowed a habit he reaped a character ; if he vowed a oharacber, he reaped a destiny. The oorrupt 'old man' in Ephnaians iv. wa* the same aa bob ooay or sin' in ttomans vi., and that Ohrist in His death had put away ; He dealt witb sin itself The new life given was always free from sin, born of God, i ana thus partaking of the Divine nature, i and so tbe believer - -was able to go to the cross of Christ and reckon himself dead indeed unto sin, Tbe new life was Christ in the believer, and the believer was a member of Christ, as tbe band was a member ot the body. As the Father, Son and Holy Ghost represen ted the fulness of God, so right and true and whole represented the new and complete mau, Paul mentioned the name of Christ more than 500 times in bis letters — Christ tbe right aod true and wools man, Tbe characteris tic of tbe ' new man' were then described by the lecturer, In order to possess tbem a man must aooept Ohrist, and at this point Mr Varley urged, bis hearers to receive Him into thsir hearts, in order to be right and good and trae for ever. The poor woman of Sychar was changed in one hour, aud so might tbev. Despite the unfavorable weather there was a large attendance in the evening, when Mr Varley delivered a powerful :.ddreea on the ' Atonemont,' whicb was li stened to atten tively. The object of the lecturer was to show that the atonement of Christ was in pBrfect harmony witb human reason. The difisrencs between atonement and reoonciliatiun was Bhown, the lecturer arguing that it oould not have been reconciliation between God and man without tbe atonement; that forgive ness was not sufficient tn admit a person to heaven— sin must be put away. To-day, at $'16 p.m., » Bible reading on 'The besetting sin' will be given at the Lecture Ball at tbe Y.M.C.A , and at tbs MecbiiniuN* Institute Hall in the eveuing Mr Varl y will speak on 'The nature and dura tion of the punishment of the unbeliever in the world to come.' 