Indian. Dances. Sun Dance Prohibited. Great Medicine Dance. (-S'/dH.t Cihj Journal , January 1.) A good deal of curiosity is doubt less felt by many as to tbo mean ing of the Indian gbost dauco — ns to wliv Indians should express tlioil' feelings by dancing when civilised pooplo would show their sentimonts upon n solemn subject in a very different way. Tho dance among wliito Americans is a pastime ; with tho red man it is both a ceremony and a duty. Ho daneos before he goes to war ; he dances when lie returns ; lio dances at the death of his enemy and tho burial of his friend. Tho Sioux youtli dances or did dance, through exquisite torture into a place among tho the braves of his clan, and boars with him for life tho marks of tho terrible ordeal. It was tbe fortune of tbe writer, when about 1 8 years of ago 20 years ago, to witness tho famousdunco. It is doubtful if this danco will over again be performed in all its ancient glory — or perhaps " horror " would bo a more fitting expression. Tlio Government long ago forbade the sun dance on the Indian reservations, nndifpcrformcdat.ull it must now be without the freedom and publi city which were necessary to its complete success. At the period mentioned Sitting hull was just becoming known as a leader of tho hostile Sioux. It may be noted hero that Sitting hull wus not a horn ohicf. Ho did not come by origin from what M'Allister might call the " Sioux Four Hundred." "\Yhat fame und influence ho acquired were earned by his porsonal merits or demerits, according as his acts are viewed from an Indian or Cuueusian standpoint. After becoming an acknow ledged chief ho was always regarded by the chiefs of aristocratic origin much as Napoleon was looked upon by the ancient dynasties of Europe — as an upstart they were compelled to respect, but were rather inclined to sniff at. On another occasion the writer may have moro to say- on this and kindred matters. At present he will confine himself to the sun dance. This dance is really an intimution. Xo Sioux is obliged to undergo it. The youth has his choice, when arrived at manly age, of being a woman-mail — the word " squaw " is unknown to tho Sioux — or of proving by tho tortures of the sun dunce that lie i3 fitted to ho u warrior. If ho prefers to be a woman- man ho will not ho illtrentcd or oven scoffed at. He will bccoino a household slave, as the women are, anil bo used like them as a hewer of wood and a drawer of water to the men of tho tribe. He must dress like the women, and like them he is left at lionte when the braves go hunting or to battle. In fact, this treatment is such a matter of course that a stranger might visit a camp and en counter any number of theso persons und have no reason to suppose that thoy were other than women. 'With the young man who docs not shrink from tlio sun danco it is a dilToruut affair. His chances of dying under it aro considerable. I do not remember hearing any percentage stated ; but tho deaths, when all tho forms are rigidly complied with, cannot he less than one in four. Few white men could survive, but the toughened constitution of tho Indian holds up marvellously when every norve must he in agony. It was in a Sioux camp, on a bluff near the Missouri It'ivor, that I witnessed the sun dance. In a " tepee," or tent, of buffalo skin, four or five braves were dancing slowly und deliberately around tho centre-polo, keeping up a monotonous chant. I noticed that each of them was attached to tho polo by long strings of buffalo bide. In one or two casos tlio strings wore connected with tho breast ; in the other cases at tho back. Tho muscular tissue near each nipple, if the fastening is at tho front, had been gathered by a grasp of tho hand and a knife run through it. Then the tough siring of a bulfulo ruwliido wus passed through tho opening and connected with tho pole. If tho fastening was at tho hack the process was similar. The pain thuB occasioned to tho victim may be imagined, lio must not only endure without a sigh or a groan, but must forth with proceed to danco, and keep up the dancing without food for days if requisite, until the friction of tho ruwliido severs the muscles and releases the captive, a full-fledged brave. He is then immediately fed with a rich soup prepared for the occasion, and ovor y care and attention that Indiuns know is bestowed upon his recovery. Tho young man may be released from torturo at any timo by asking. In that case he is doomed to be u woman-man, just us if lie had never offered himself as a candidate. Those whom tho writer saw persisted to the last, ono of them, however, dying at the pole. The body was removed with out comment or grief to the topee in which tho youth had lived. Every now and then one of the dancers would giro an extra tug, in oiilor to hasten tho break, but as u rule thoy all kept up a round as monotonous as their song. Tho fathers of the young men sat or stood about, encouraging them by their glances, but not by words. - Ono old chief, Two hears, bore tbe Bears of a dozen battles. His c on was at tho pole, tlio picture of his parent in physique, and 'evidently bont upon showing that paront that he was worthy to be a ' warrior. Thoro was not only ah indifference, but n conscious prido and graco in his movements, as ho„oiroled about, and when at length the muscles parted, and he was released, the old chief gave tlio first and only sign of his feolings in a gratified " ugh !" That such mon should grow up to bo warriors is not Btrango in viaw of thoir education, and the impatienco which thoy show on tbo reservations is but natural. Tlio youth of that poriod is now passed to tniddlo age, and tho cxperionco of tho Indians who wcro then graduated as bravos has included tho lost really important stand of tho red men against tho whites. For obvious reasons the writer never wit nessed a genuine war-dunce. He has seca an alleged wor-danco, as when Two Bears and his men professed to go out on an ex pedition against Sitting Hull and the Unkapapas, but as all belong to the same Sioux nution it is at least questionable whether they woro in earnest in their hostilities, or whether Two Boars had any more desperate purpose than to exact an extra allowance of rations from tho Government. Tlio dance was a very different affair from tho sun danec. All tho warriors turned out in red paint and feathers, Two Bears' feathered display being especially striking, and danced and howled until their lungs wcro hoarse, somo flourishing knives and other 6mall hatchets. Then they mounted their ponies and woro off over tlio prairie, perhaps to hide in tlio first convenient canyon, wait awhile and come back for moro rations. Two hears was a bravo man and ho had proved it, but his spurs hud been won in warfare against tho Crows and Arickarecs, and lie had no stomach for a buttle with his own nation, the Sioux. On one occasion, near ltieo, Dak., I witnessed an Indian funeral danco. Tho bravo, a man of influence in tlio trim, and who carried on his left hand tho sour of a fearful wound, said to liavo boon received at Fort Phil, Kearney, was laid out stiff and stark in the tepee in which ho died. Tho women, just as Christina women do, washed the corpse, nnd then they dressed him iu all his ornaments. A rod blanket was wrapped about liini and a bow and quiverful of arrows woro added to tho equipmont of death. Then tlio body was curried on his favourite pony, led by a woman, to tho place of rest. It cannot be called a place of burial, for the Indian was not buried. On four poles with crotches, freshly driven into the ground, a platform of sticks was laid, at a height of about 10 feet. On this platform the body reposed as if tho warrior was asleep in his blanket, with his bow and quiver beside him. Then tho living bravo3 circled about tho scaffold with a slow, sorrowful motion, uttering a song or plaint that was rcully touching in tho sim plicity of its grief. Thoy made throe or four rounds, then silently mounting thoir ponies, they returned to camp, leaving their dead comrade to tho company of tho birds of heaven. This method of expos ing tho dead would never do in the humid climate of the east, whoro it would rcult in u pestilence, but in the dry air of Dukota tho body becomes rapidly dessieated, and ono can bo in the neighbourhood of scores of these burial scaffolds without noticing anything oifensivo. It is also a singular fact thnt the carrion birds seldom look for food among the bodies thus exposed. The motive for disposing of rcinaius in this way probably is to save them from the wolves, which would scratch up a grave, unless deeper than Indians might euro to make it. Bodies arc sometimes hidden high up in tho branches of trees, and it used to ho no unusual thing in tho river bottoms of tho Missouri to come across a departed warrior thus disposed of. Tho Indian with or medicine dance is very different from tho performance boforo desoribed. It is really a weird affair, nnd almost as difficult to witness as the cele brations that Yankee witches wore said to indulgo in in olden time. It must liavo somo religious meaning, although tho writer wus never able to get exactly at what tho meaning was. -'Tlio luedieino mon of tho Sioux do not seek publicity in thoir incantations, and it was entirely by chance that I carco across threo Indians going through some peculiar operations, at a point remote from their camp. A stick about threo feet in height was stuck in the ground, and from it hung out in tho breozo a long-lmired scalp. The liair was dark, and looking ou from a short distance I eould not toll whether tlio scalp was that of a wliito woman or nn Indian. It might havo been cither. The threo Indians wero leaping and gosturing, and at intervals mumbling something, not u scng apparently, hut disconnectod words. Occasionally thoy would point toward the scalp. Then thoy would mumble again and jump about. Thoy were not painted, and their uttiro was different from that of the ordi nary braves. They noticed me, and while thoy made no demonstration of hostility, their expression meant plainly that thoy would rather ho left alone. Tho shades of evening wero falling on prairio and hill and river. Tho Missouri stretched like n mighty sorpent below, its yellow waters tinctured with a ruddy stain by tho final gleam of tho setting sun, and horo on tho hill, away from tho painted tents and tho silent Cottonwood, theso children af nature wcro enacting their strange enchantment to move in somo way that supernatural powor which seemed to have deserted the Indian race. With quoor feelings I withdrew, leaving them to their superstitions, and conscious that perhaps its parallel might bo found among inuro enlightened nations. 