Tows Wo. ONell: "Send me tribute,,or else-" O Donnell: "L owe you none, and if- " .He Brave breast mate I hear nowlife's aadtales Of wantons' wastes through toll's green vales; Teah scene Was Eden, till tuspedn The?iles of fraud in sloth's sleek sin. Mark how they've dared, and fared, and lied, How sophists libel God's provide,. How Protean rapie plays Its roles, Abndooz~nstlihk with crumb-sied doles. In vain will louts ply H·sven for aid ; -T-i; eid-C.aelplbiow alone 'twillrhbar.; For beaveh pledged earth whudierthwas SBrave blows to answer with brave cheer. Hire's how our human rain's rnim, How Mammon runs his religions I- How those who mskeall vianda starve, And loafersgot the joints to-carle. ..Earth's dmrs tunas food.on touch of toll, Great Ceeusar'sclse seized toil and soil. Tlsr else'yield toil, what toll etaves on, Then ftly dies'by stervation. Butpbhuot of.od's fraternal plan _oth strongly haunt the Caesaar. man. SHis'Balsained ghost-lay'rs mint his doles, And pugff his plttance to poor soula. Whose wage aes als, ahen whine h sgot, They seek their sloms to'breed and rut. Rut shade of God's fraternl man, -Therestraagelylnanot plebeianeon. The ahadeb c mn aehed by God, When bidden upright from theoed; IThe .livng s nsicnsl keda y?ed STwirxt cdsand Greed's mei fabe tof Awelrdeosomuou t eha Ata kes. Till franre solve huasbmored the mind Tobmr thel, coarerestomidald.t ;-Tozegsandbeasat Brats Hease gate sige tjugu-fased "wa'.... * But quick Ito uniformed shoot own The hones thet rattle up the town. .-then, sc oft ernel plan snpilrltk9ev'ry upright Man, And maword oos ukae has, ait length, ' Forced pleb with Czar to tryhiatregtb. J seld.wmen den, sa.tcenMare'plav.s, Then freed-men hired to wan~t bykkavs. ..aOr, elds, like maids, in feddil hold, LAre wonby fiebsor beughtbygold... .'er golds a Ied at .ura y rte, SOdir slhade hith atilAn marniqt.l .- " Then, manhood, liftjour miweofio P , And vindicate God's social plan. In vain will.iat& d.c Tout's Go. Liberth. Equalit. Fraternl6.: Anstialian I Austallenn 1 binMg us your' song'of toil agi?; Sing aut ,yurcouri?thip to hereafter, ' Oiveit?o~~~laekey to oar lughteo, e rapeasant cabinflghs ; And graoan Nhui kfiboths, Davids do, Tograces toil is husband to. When cotoms taught fair play, play fair All over our Australia, SAnd toil a fair shares, of all be share, Australia Utopia. Australian I Australienne I Sing u your song of songs again Unrol your bailed on the lot, Which Mormon mammon hath begot. How one is Isasced with entail0 The rest shot out like poor Iihdnaeli \- And when they cry : "How long, O Lord !" Their pray'r's cut short by brother's sword. .Australial! Australia! Be Gallic tfs thy tiara, Thy sceptre bar the toiling mass , From hell, that hear ned the nmammon class. No liege of thine must rent himself, The sophist hound or paw of pelf; No mereenries from snob to serf Must leave their trample on thy turf Australians we by choice or breed, Alike in all save merit a meed; \- o laurelled sloth here shirks his sweat; Our damaged mate alone is pet; No feasts or fasts with us play spoil, Each hand's full-freightedby kind toil; We re proof, God rationed earth enongh: Australia boasts our patriot stuff,. We 11 have no wage that drifts to alms, Nor almas- homeps mouthings, Styx'sa psalms, Nor heaven's pete Ie bawled in song, Nor bought nor vested rights in wrong, No nicks to dandify our ,lame, Nor blood- hounds cheated of their fame, Nor shall we cease to gamut thus, White manhood stands erect in us. When customns taught fair play, &c.; As God has lawed all things with flow Free will, its drifts, midst drifts must show; STo whence it rose it back must wind, With gives and takes to brand its kind. As in she ,laan, so in the mases, An ill or passion may harass. Comnogood or ill, let Fair Play'o sake, 'Shape all the thuds we give and take When customs taught fair play, e. SHAUGHRAUN. -The additions arrived too late for insertion. \--En. e 2' 1 