THE YOUNG FOLKS. CAPTIVE ANIMALS. In the course of some interesting gossip on the treatment of animals in captivit., a con temporary gives the following: Nature, when she wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her capacities when she patented a mandrill. This baboon has a amuzj suach as would be manu factured by an artl ic upholsterer who has pleated together pretty folds of blue and light purplilsh pick stuffs: Although his head decoration is so distinq,or, his beauty is but skin deep, for he enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon-" Real mean," said the keeper. The singularity of his head colours makes the mandrill a popular show animal. Ile is an expensive brute, requirlng great care. The difficulty in captivity is to get him over his second year, for the older he is the more conspicuous is that painted face of his, which would make any self-respecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. " This mandrill, now in his third year," said the kee per," is getting along very well. We watch his con dition carefully. We give him raw ecgs every day, and he shall have some now." The man drill clutched a couple of eggs offered him, was careful to hide the one he did not hold, and commenced nibbling the shell of one. Niow he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Next he tilted back his bead, and so took down the yolk. "He enjoys that very much. I give him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and he puts it down as if he liked it." " But temperance people always point to the the moral that perverted man is the only crea ture who indulges in spirits." " Well, it may not be natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. It's medicine, of course. Now come and look at our giraffe. He is in splendid condi tion. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, anid he would get cold, and that would soon end him.. As yotu see, the weight comes on his cleft forefeet, ani one of them has spread a good deal, and we will have to clip it. He eats crushed oats, the best clover hay, apples, carrots, and has his quart of milk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lions and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly lively lion whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy.family, but in time they will get used to one another. Ohl, those spats don't amount to anything. You see the trouble about those tigers V Isn't it a pity i" I did look, and-distressing sight i-the tigers tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. "That was one of our great mitfortutnes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after ex hibiting, we had to strike tents, and move off inl double quick time., Somebody.. in the dark wheeled the van with these two sweet. tigers near those dratted hyenas. The tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a couple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of these tigers diminished 85 per cent. You bad better not stand too close. All these animals have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more danger outside of the cage than in it. There are few things sharper than a tiger's claws. See." Thereupon the keeper drew out of his pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel, with fish-hook curves. "We have to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as claws go, and lesson the offensiveness of the rest of them by clipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. If we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide all cut. It's not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's claws, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a claw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, a half-dozen strong ropes, and as many men. The most trouble some rope is the one to be put around the neck. The brute would choke himself if not for the precaution we take to secure one foreleg with. his shoulder in the noose. Other ropes are attached to his fore leg and hind ones, and he is stretched on his side, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the oper ation is over which at once loosens them. Then it is just as if you had coiled up a thousand horse.power steel spring, and let it go sudden. The van just vibrates. Lions suffer from lung troubles and rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a" tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken just as a cat does with a mouse-kind of enjoying it. They often have milk. We use great care in butchering their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone which would choke them." 