THE CONSECRATION. Thursday, the 22nd January, to the delight of all interested in the opening of the Cathedral, was throughout, an ideal day, fair and bright, with a cool breeze. It was clear that an immense congre gation was to be expected, and that the Cathedral officials would have no easy task in finding room f pr the multitude. Four thousand tickets of admission had been applied for, *-ut only two thousand could be accommodated. Only fourteen pews in all had been specially reserved, and these chiefly for such official personages as the Governor and his suite, the ministers, of the Crown, the Judges, . the Mayor and Corporation, the representatives of other dioceses and other religious bodies, the University Professors, &c.; For the general congregation the doors were opened at 9.30 a.m., and long before ten the great building was thronged from baptistry to choir ; and even 100 feet up in the gallery that goes round the central tower above the intersection of the nave and transepts' roofs, might be seen the workmen who had been employed on the building, looking on with their wives from that point of vantage. The task, of- giving seats to over 2,000 people^was a hard one, and to add to its difficulty, the officials to whom it properly belonged, had parts to play in the procession, which interfered with their ordinary ' duties. Thanks, however, to the tact and firmness displayed by the lay-canons and their assistants, and the admirable arrangements made by the marshals for the day, the Rev. J. F. Stretch and T. H. Arm strong, the people were enabled to take their places quietly as they came in, without disturbance or confusion. Ample time was afforded for the congregation, the greater part of whom were in their seats before quarter to ten, to admire the interior of the Cathedral, which is redeemed from severe simplicity by the picturesque effect of the contrasted colours of the dark and light stones. The green dado ol orange and buff encaustic tiles is not altogeiherto our taste, and we trust may some day be replaced by more appropriate work. The reredof, situated below the eastern window, and difficult to be made out till the eye hag become accustomed to the dim religious light o£ the chancel, when fairly seen is confessed to be the gem of the whole building. The buttresses are of Devonshire marble ; the panels are supported by pillars of Derbyshire alabaster. ? In the lowest section is a white marble cross, on the right of which stand St. Paul with sword and bible ; on the left, St. Peter with the keys. Iu the panel above there is seen a beautifully executed copy of the Last Supper of Leonardo da Vinci, while the upper section shows the Crucifixion, and a group of figures representing St. John, the Lord's Mother, Mary Magdalen, and the Centurion. The whole is ? executed in mosaic work, and has not its equal as a work of art in the colonies. The ceiling is of solid Kauri, not polished or varnished, and gives an appearance of great strength and massiveness to the roof. The win dows are rich in colouring, and beautiful in design. The twelve that light the south aisle depict incidents in the life of our Lord, those in the north aisle events from the history of St. Paul. The great western window consists of five panels, one seven-foil light, and two trefoil lights. Above is shown the Lamb opening the Book with seven seals; in the centre. panel the Saviour on the Throne, adored by angels prophets and apostles. There is a very beautiful rose window in the south transept ; but beyond comparison the window on which the eye rests with the treatest pleasure is, as it ought to be, that which directly faces the worshipper, the east window, the subject of which is'the Ascension of Christ into Heaven. The woodwork of the choir, of polished blackwpod and Gothic design, the splendid carving of the pulpit and the Bishop's throne, all contributed to make the scene magnificent and imposing. From a quarter before ten the Bishop, and. clergy had been in attendance in the various vestries, and by ten o'clock they were ready to fall into line at the summons of the ceremoniarii. The ordering of the whole procession was in the hands of the marshalls, but the under-marshalls. the Rev. H. E. Taylor, for the Bishops, Canon Car lisle for the Chapter, Canon Whitington for the, visiting Clergy,. and the Revs. F. J. Price and G. Pennicott for the Clergy of the Diocese, The procession was formed in the long corridor between the Chapter-house and the Cathedral, in the following order : — Assistant Verger. Choristers, two and two. Lay Clerks, two and two. The Precentor— Minor-Canon Sutton. The Local Architect. The Council of Trinity College — Professor Nanson, Dr. Leeper,' W. E. Stanbridge, M.L.C. The Council of the Diocese— F. S. Grimwade, E. D. Puckle, R. Sellar, H, Jennings, J. A. Kitchen, J. Grice, F. G. Moule. The Clergy of Riverina.— Revs. T. B. Holt and W. O. Hose. The Clergy of Ballarat.— Rev. Willoughby Flowers, C. Harris, E. J. C. Hayman, W. H. Geer and J. Glover, The Clergy of Bathurst. t \- The Clergy of Newcastle. — ' The Clergy of Adelaide— Rev.'H. M. Sollitt. The Clergy of Tasmania. : The Clergy of Sydney.— Rev. Dr. Corletteand J.' Dixon. The Diocese of Melbourne:— Deacons. — Revs. J. B. Johnstone, G. N. M'Donnell, F. VanstonjH. Hitchcock, J. A. Priestly, G. A. Parker, H. Pepper, D. R. Hewton, F. J. Price, E. P. Sutton, H. J. Mitchell. Priests.— Revs. Golin Campbell, L. Fitzgerald, A. Edwards, J. M. Evans, W. M'Kie, R. Buchanan, E. D. Fethers, C. A. Brewer, C. J. Chambers, G. Pennicott, I. J. Sparling, W. A. J. Wells, G. J.Taylor^ W. G. Marsh, E. J. Barnett, T. W. Davis, F. W. Wilcox, H. J# Howell, A. J. Drewett, J. Standrin, E. H. Scott, W. T. Price, H. E Potter, E, 0. Knox, J: H. Hill, G. E. W. Sproule, H. Kelly, W. H Shields, G.N. Bishop, H. Collier, B. N. White, J. R. Walker, A Allnutt, J. A. Ross, J. B. Sharp, E. G. Veal, R. H. Rodda, Dr. Wilson J.Lewis, A. Ji Pickering, 0. P. Thomas, E. A. Crawford, T.Quinton G. Gladstone, H. H. Vale, A. P. M'Farlane, A. Maxwell, C. C Walker, E. S. Hughes. W. Hancock, H. Braddock, J. Youlden, C H. Barnes, N. Jones, H. W. Lane, A. 0. Kellaway, A. P. Chase, R. H Potter, P. Bailhache, J.S. Woods, J. F. Frewin, W. E. H. Percival . G. F, South, R. Stephen, A. R. Raymond, J. B. Gason, T. Moor ! house, W. .. 0. Pritchard, W. K. Forbes, M. W. Whitton, H. Fair brother, J. A. White, W. G. Hindley, J. Dawborn, H. S. Mercer, S. C, Kent. E. A. Thomas, F. L. Wilson* H. A. Betts, W. Green, R. G, Burke, T. H. Rust, J. Swindells, A. Caffln, C. J. Godby, S. Rodda, R. Shortj.RjW. Cooke, H. F. Tucker, S. B. Scott, W. C. Ford, C. E, Drouglt, W. Cocks., M. F. Cahill, H. F. Scott, H. Finter, G. W. Kelly, H.-B. Macartney, Dr. Torrance, J. Firth, T. H. Goodwin, H. W. H. Adeney, W. Fellows, H. J. Poole, -J. P. M. Bardin, J. Fulford. J. Allan, W. W. Manteil, C. M. Yelland, G. I. Armstrong, C. Vaughan, J, .Caton, B. Rodda, Dr. W. Stacey Chapman, G. F. Cross, J..-M. Watson, J. K. Hall, R. Poynder, A. W. Crcsswell, A. Brazier, H. J. Wilkinson, H. N. Woll ston, J. Freeman, J. H. Gregory, W. A. I rooke, M. Williams, J. Cameron, F. Webb. KuralDeanB.— Revs. S. Sandiford, A. Toomath, John Garlick, J. Stanley Low. .Dignitaries and Canons of other Dioceses. — Dean Marryat, of . Adelaide ; Archdeacon Hale, of Launoeston ; Canons Whitington and Andrews, of Adelaide; Canon Dunston, of Bathurst ; Arch deacon Allnutt, of Portland ; Archdeacon Beamish, of Warrnambool ; Archdeacon Green and Canona Mercer and MacMurray, of . Ballarat. Canons of St. James's, Melbourne.— Canon Watson, Canon Dickin son, Canon Serjeant. . Archdeacon Herring. The Ver-rer of the Cathedral, the Registrar of the Diocese, the Secretary of the Cathedral Erection Board. _ Lay Canons of St. Paul's.— W. R. Looker, W. E. Morris, W. E. King, F. R. Godfrey, F. G. Smith, Wm. Cain, C. A. D. Pasco, Henry Henty. J Canons of St.- Paul's.— Archdeacon Langley, Canon Carlisle, Canon Potter, Canon -Chalmers, Canon Handfield, Canon Chase, Archdeacon MacCullagh. Archdeacon Stretch, the Dean, i The Lord Bishop lof Riveri.ua, his chaplain (Rev. C. Eldrod); the I?prd Bishop of Bathurst, his chaplain|( Dean Marriott); the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, his chaplain (Dr. Craig) ; the Lord Bishop of Balkrat, his chaplain (Canon Radcliffej ; the Lord Bishop of Goul burn, bis chaplain (Canon Vance) ; the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, his chaplain (Canon Adams) ; the Chancellor of the Diocese ; the Pastor.al Staff, borne by Rev. H. E. Taylor; the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, his chaplains (Canon Goodman andRev. Digby M. Berry); the Pastoral Staff, borne by Rev. A. Yarnold; the Most Reverend the primatej his chaplains (Archdeacon King and Canon Kemmis). All the bishops and ele.rgy wore their robes, three of the former wear ing the splendid robes of Doctors of Divinity, the other bishops simply wearing the. scarlet hood of that degree over their episcopal robes, the rest of the clergy wearing surplices and black stoles, and the hoods or tippets to_ which they were respectively entitled. The pastoral staves —it, is perfectly right to call them croziers— being used for the first time, in Melbourne, attracted great attention. It was noticed that while the pastoral staff, borne before Bishop Gpe, was carried with the urook pointing outwardly, that borne before the Primate was turned inw.rds toward the bearer. This, of course, was ac ording to strict ru le.v.The outwards turned crook implys pastoral .jurisdiction over the diocese, while the crook pointed to the bearer signifies, in the case^Q.f an abbot, pastorship over his own house, and in the case of a visiting bishop would mean the pastoral office without jurisdiction. At half-past ten the Cathedral chimes which had been ringing ever since ten o'clock, ceased, and immediately the procession began to move, passing slowly round the building from the Little Flinders street entrance, by the Swanston- street side to the eastern entrance in Flinders-street. A dense crowd had assembled, and were watching it with great interest from the streets, and from every window that commanded a view of the proceedings. The ? order observed throughout was that used at the consecration of Truro Cathedral. The processional hymn, 'Blessed City, Heavenly -Salem,' was sung by choir and clergy. At the steps leading to the closed door the procession divided to ' allow the Primate and the other bishops to go up to the entrance, where the Governor, who had arrived shortly before, was formally received, and waited with the procession while the following cere mony waff observed. The Cathedral door being shut, the Bishop of Melbourne, standing in front of them, used the suffrage from the Litany, V Remember not, Lord, our offences, &c;,' and the Collect, ?iPrevent-us, 0 Lord, &c.;,' after which he said, 'Lift up your heads, \0, ye gates, and be ye left up ye everlasting doors, and the King of Glory shall come in,'! the clerks also singing the wordsi From within the clerks answered, 'Who is the King of Glory ?' The Bishop then said, 'The Lord of Hosts, He is the King of Glory, the choristers again repeating his response. Then, taking the pastoral staff in his right hand, he knocked upon the. door, saying, !? '?? Open ye the gates.' Then the door was opened inwardly, and the . Bishop entering in said, 'Peace be to this house.' As the Bishop . entered the nave, the secretary of the Cathedral Erection Board, the , Rev. C. T. ; Perks said, 'My Lord, in the namo of the Cathedral , Erection Board, and in the name of the diocese, I desire that you . . will be pleased to consecrate this Cathedral to the uses set forth in . this petition.' ~ The Bishop answered ' I am ready to do as you desire, and I pray . ;? , God to bless and prosper this your work.' The petition was to ; 6 ? this effect : — To the Right Reverend Father in God, Field Flowers, Bishop of Melbourne. The petition of the undersigned trustees of certain land, being Allotments 1 and 20 of Section 6, in the city of Melbourne, which . has been set apart under the provisions of the act of the Parliament of Victoria, number 391, and of the act of the Church Assembly, number 5, 1878, for the erection thereon of a cathedral church for . the Diocese of Melbourne, showeth : . 1. That the building intended to be the cathedral church of the said diocese and to be called-and known as' St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, containing in breath from east to west 108ft., and in length from north to south 278£t. inclusive of the exterior walls, has been erected on the land aforesaid, but has not yet been con secrated. ??''.:'!; 2\. That the said building has been duly furnished with all things necessary for $he decent performance of divine service and adminis tration of the holy sacraments; Your petitioners therefore pray that your Lordship will be pleased, by virtue of your pastoral and episcopal authority, to con secrate and set apart the said building from all profane and common uses, and to dedicate it to God and divine worship, and consecrate it for the celebration of divine service therein, and the administration of the holy sacraments according to the rites, ceremonies, and usages of the Church of England, and assign it to be perpetually the cathedral church of St. Paul at Melbourne aforesaid. And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.; (Signed) ^ h.-B. Macartney. S. Lloyd Chase. Heney Henty. H. E. A, Hodges. F. R. Godfbey. F. G. Moule. W. E. Moeeis. The Governor having been conducted to his seat, the bishops, canons and others proceeded to the choir singing the xxiv. Psalm — Domini est Terra. The Bishop of Melbourne occupied the throne, on the north side of the sanctuary, next to him sat the Primate, then the other bishops in their order of seniority, viz., the Bishops of Goulburn, Ballarat, Adelaide, Riverina, Bathurst, and Tasmania. Opposite to them, on the south side of the chancel, were seated their respective chaplains. The Dean and the Precentor occupied their proper stalls west of the choir. The canons, with the exception of two, who were acting as bishop's chaplains, sat in the stalls belong ing to them, the lay canons being placed in stalls behind, the rural deans havingchairs at the side, and the visiting dignitaries from other dioceses occupying chairs in front. The general body of the clergy, nearly 200 in number, filled the seats in the transepts. The prayer for the Governor was then read by the -Bishop ; aftejr which, all kneeling, after a solemn pause, was sung, Veni Creator Spiritus, the two first verses as a solo. All having risen from their knees the Bishop went to the holy table, and Mr. W; Cain, the Chair man of the Building Committee, approached and presented to him the title deeds of the land, which the Bishop laid upon the table, and, turning to the people, said :—' Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Blessed Spirit, or by express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things. , have erected houses for the worship of God, and separated them from, all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His glorious Majesty, that they might prepare their hearts with more devotion and humility to approach His, Sacred' Presence, and to receive His sacred gifts ; which pious works have been allowed and graciously accepted by our heavenly Father ; let us not doubt but He will also favourably approve this our godly purpose of sanctifying this place and setting it apart in solemn manner to the several offices of His Holy Worship, and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking and; say, All then having knelt down, the Bishop proceeded :— O Eternal God,, mighty in power, in majesty incomprehensible, whom the heaven of heavens cannot 'contain, much less the walls of temples made with hands ; look down, we humbly beseech Thee, with favour upon us, who are gathered here together in Thy sighb,. to consecrate this place with all humility and readiness of heart, to1 the honour of Thy great name, separating it henceforth from all un hallowed, ordinary and common uses, and dedicating it entirely to Thy service, for reading therein Thy most Holy Word, for celebrating Thy Blessed Sacraments, for offering to Thy glorious Majesty the Sacrifice of Praise and Thanksgiving, for blessing Thy people in Thy name, and for all Thy holy ordinances. Accept, O Lord, this will ing service at our hands, and bless it with such success as may tend most to Thy glory, and the furtherance of our happiness, through Jesus Christ our Blessed Lord and Saviour. ' Amen. The congregation then stood up, while the Bishop, with his two chaplains, and preceded by Rev. H. E. Taylor, bearing his pastoral : staff, went first to the font, when Canon Goodman read from John ' iii., 4-6, and the Bishop, laying his hand on the font, the people still standing, said : — ' Regard, O Lord, the supplication of Thy servants, and grant that whosoever shall be dedicated to Thee in this font by Baptism may be sanctified with the Holy Ghost, delivered from Thy wrath, received into the Ark of Christ's Church, and ever remain in the number of Thy faithful and elect children. Amen.'1 The words of both Bishop and chaplains were distinctly heard at the far end of the building. After this, the Bishop, accompanied as before, went to the lectern, when the Eev. D. M. Berry read from Rev. xiv. 6, and from that to the pulpit, when Canon Goodman read Acts v., 20, and the Bishop said : — 'Grant, O Lord, that by Thy Holy Word, which shall be read and preached within this place, those who hear may perceive and know what things they ought to do, and also may have grace and power faithfully to fulfil the same. Amen' At the place of marriage, Eph. v. 31-32 were read, and the Bishop added : — ' Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall be joined together in this place in the holy estate of matrimony, may faithfully perform and keep the vow and covenant betwixt them made, and continue in perfect love together, and live according to The laws unto their lives end. Amen.' At the place of confirmation Heb. vi. 1-2 were read, and the Bishop prayed : — ' Grant, 0 Lord, that all who in this place shall renew the promises and vows made for them at their Baptism, and thereupon shall be confirmed by the Bishop, may receive such a -measure of Thy Holy Spirit that they may be enabled faithfully to fulfil the same, and, beine: preserved in the: unity of the Church, may daily grow in grace unto their lives end. Amen.' Then they proceeded to the table, where 1 Cor. x. 16 having been read, the Bishop laid his hand upon the table, and said : — 'Grant, 0 Lord, that whosoever shall receive in this place the Blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ, Thy Son, may so draw near, that, being fulfilled with Thy grace and heavenly benediction, they may to their great and endless comfort obtain re mission of their sine, and all other benefits of His passion. - Amen.' Then the Bishop, standing before the Holy Table, said : — Grant, we beseech Thee, 0 Lord, that whosoever shall draw near unto Thee in this Thy House, which here we dedicate and conspcrate to Thee, to give Thee thanks for the benefits received at Thy Hands, to set forth Thy most worthy praise, to hear Thy most HoljkWord, to confess their sins unto Thee, and to entreat Thy pardon, or to ask such things as are requisite and necessary as well for the body as the soul, may do it with that steadfastness of faith, that seriousness, atten tion, and devout affection, that Thou mayest hear from Heaven, Thy dwelling place, and give: whatever in Thine infinite wisdom and goodness Thou shalt see most expedient for them ; and this we beg, for -Jesus.. Christ's sake, our Blessed Lord and Saviour. Amen. Then the Bishop turned to the west, and recited Gen. xxviii. 12. 13., after which the Primate said: — O God, Who unto every age gi vest knowledge of Thyself ; we yield Thee hearty thanks for many holy men, who laid of old among our fathers the Foundation of Jesus Christ, for the marvellous calling wherewith Thou hast kept Thy flock, and for renewing in this our day the shepherding of Thine ancient fol 1 ; we praise Thee, for this House of Thy doctrine and service which Thou, Lord, only, by the prayers and hands of Thy servants, hast raised high in so fair sanctity; humbly beseeching Thee to build and bind Thy people, one and all, into one spiritual fitly framed Temple, wherein shall be no walls of partition ; and glorifying Thee for the glorious hope of this day and hour, that what now is hallowed in Dedication may be evermore filled with the glory of Thy Indwelling. Therefore be Thou magnified, 0 Lord, in Thy Holy Places, and manifest Thyself . in the Sanctuary which we have builded, so that Thou who workest all Thy will in the sons of Thy adoption, mayest continually be praised in the joy of Thine heritage ; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. The Bishop then 'sitting in his chair, the Chancellor of the Diocese, Mr. Justice Hodges, read the Sentence of Consecration : — '?'? In the name of God, amen. Whereas we did lately receive the petition of the trustees of certain land, being Allotments 1 and 20 of Section 6 in the city of Melbourne, which has been set apart for the erection thereon of a Cathedral Church for the Diocese of Mel bourne ; and a building intended to be'the Cathedral Church of the said diocese, and to be called and known as St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, has been erected on the said land, and the aforenamed trustees have prayed that we would, be pleased, by virtue of our pastoral and episcopal office, to consecrate the same ; and whereas we have taken such petition into our serious consideration and com plied therewith : Now, therefore, we, Field Flowers, by Divine per mission, Bishop of Melbourne, do, by virtue of our ordinary and episcopal authority, separate and set apart the said building, being in breadth from east to west 108ft. and in length from north to south 278ft., from all profane and common uses, and do hereby dedicate the same to God and divine worship, and consecrate it for the cele bration of divine service therein and the administration of the Holy Sacraments according to the rites, ceremonies and usages of the Church of England ;. and we do openly and publicly pronounce and declare that it shall continue for ever hereafter so separated, dedi cated and consecrated as the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, Mel bourne, by this our definite sentence and final decree, which we make, pronounce andpromulge in these writings, saving and reserv ing to us and our successors, Bishops of Melbourne, all ordinary and episcopal jurisdiction, rights and privileges. In testament whereof we have caused the episcopal seal to be hereunto affixed this twenty - second day of January, one thousand eight hundred and ninety- one, and in the fourth year of our consecration.' The Bishop affixed his signature to the document, and ordered it to be laid up in the registry, among the muniments of the see, and - to be registered. The hymn. ' Holy, Holy, Holy,' was then sung by the choir and congregation, the voices of so many clergymen in the immediate neighbourhood of the choir almost drowning the boys' voices, but th - whole effect being very impressive and solemn. The office of Holy Communion was then commenced, the Bishop of Melbourne officiat ing as celebrant, and the Bishop of Tasmania as his Dean. The special Collect for the occasion was as follows :— V ' O most Glorious Lord God, we acknowledge that we are not worthy to offer unto Thee anything belonging -to us ; yet we beseech Thee in Thy great goodness, graciously to accept and prosper this our undertaking. Receive the prayers and intercessions of us and all other Thy servants, who. either now or hereafter entering into this House, shall call upon Thee, and give both them and us grace to prepare our hearts with reverence and godly fear. Affect us with an awful apprehension. of Thy Divine Majesty, and a deep sense of our own unworthiness, so that approaching Thy. Sanctuary with all lowliness and devotion, we may bring with us holy thoughts and pure hearts, bodies undefined, and minds sanctified, a sacrifice acceptable unto Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' For the Epistle was read, by the Bishop of Biverina, Rev. xvi. 22. The Gospel, read by the Bishop of Goulburn, began at St. John ii. 13\. The Nicene Creed was then sung, both choir and clergy facing to the east ; and notices of the various celebrations and other special services during the Octave were given by the Precentor. The Bishop of Sydney, Dr. Saumarez Smith, Primate of Australia, was then conducted to the pulpit by the Rev. J. JP. Stretch, B.A., and the Rev. T. H.Armstrong, M.A., the Rev. A. Yarriold carrying his Pastoral Staff before him. He1 took for his text, ' Nevertheless we, according to Hia promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.' — 2 Peter iii. 13. He said an occasion like the present ought to have a solemnising and stimulating effect upon all concerned. The consecration of any church to its proper uses, both of worship, general and sacramental, and of the authoritative reading, proclamation, and exposition of God's Word is a pledge of Christian faith and a witness to Christian hope. The consecration of a cathedral gives additional emphasis to ideas of central authority and of common fellowship, for a cathedral, when rightly regarded and rightly used, will nourish and extend that sense of federative sympathy which binds together the churches of various localities in a blended bond of. ecclesiastical order and spiritual harmony. Solemnising and stimulating, I say, should be the effect of an occasion such as that on which we are now assembled; and this is so not merely on abstract grounds of Church sentiment. The local and historical grounds of congratulation and hope may well quicken our sense of responsibility and encourage our resolve to main tain and extend Church work. Of these grounds for gratitude and encouragement persons more competent than myself to describe them will doubtless speak and write. I can only pay that, as 1 think of the extraordinary progress within a few decades of years which has been made from small beginnings in this colony, and, indeed, in all Australia, in respect of the civil and ecclesiastical development which matures national growth ; and as I see the numeious congregation before me, and take my part in the impressive ceremony in which we, are now joining, with so many bishops of our Church— representing the various Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania — my mind is filled with feelings both of solemnity and hope. It will be generally recog nised that the Chun h of England in Australia holds a foremost position of respon-ibility and opportunity among the Protestant Churches in the land. May we, who rejoice to .be members of that Church, and value its. unique historical claims and prerogatives, .have our minds an 1 consciences aroused to-day to a keener 'sense of the obligations which membership in such a Church involves. It is not, however, to the particular work of our own Church that I direct your attention now. I prefer, : on this opening day of our solemnities, and in the first of a series of exhortations to be addressed to you, to take a wider view, and to speak to you briefly of the outlook of the whole Church of Christ which St. Peter states in the text, and to remind you of its bearing upon the social needs and problems around us. These social problems are the necessary accompaniment of our industrial and, national progress. Growth of commerce, growth of material prosperity, increase of what may be termed national self-conscious- ? ness in Australia — not to be dissevered, I trust, from the undi minished loyalty to the connection with .the mother country of those, colonies which have rapidly sprung into such vigour around her — are features in the history now in making in this land ; and the cry is still, 'Advance Australia! ' But progress, if it is to be true and genuine advance, must not be severed from religion ; it needs to be sanctified, controlled, inspired by it. Audit is the high privilege and holy duty of the Church of Christ to show how the. Christian religion is the safeguard of national progress, as well as the salvation jof individual souls. The future of a nation depends on the charac'er oC its people, and this is moat intimately connected with the main tenance of those high aims and hopes w'h ch the Church has been divinely commissioned to proclaim and to propagate. Those aims aud hopes may be summed up in the term '? Righteousness ; ' that is a condition of things where all relations of God to man, and of man to his fellowman, are perfectly adjusted and harmonious. We may, indeed, say that in this perfect adjustment consists 'the Kingdom of God,' ''the Kingdom of Heaven.' In Christ Jesus, the Incarnate Word of God— Redeemer, Restorer, Re former — the heavenly kingdom was brought near. A call to repent and to believe the glad tidings ushered in the long-looked for Messia nic epoch, in which the seed sown by the Divine Sower w*s to grow up into a mighty tree, and the hidden leaven was ,to transfuse and to' transform the mass into which it was to i e put. Chrisiendom was the result of Christ. The world's legislation, politics, social ethics came to be effected by— say rather, wholesomely infected with — Chris- tian principles, aspirations, sentiments. But many hindrances arcse. Supersititions corrupt the simple truth. Ambitions in Church and in State pervert it. ignorance and immaturity of knowledge stifle it. And yet, the truth of Christ — the truth which the Church hands down, and holds within its treasure-house of Holy Writ for perpetual transmission, and for renewed application to human souls and human society — fails not. Reformations and revivals occur and recur. Christian hope still springs afresh ; Christian effort is still sustained. Scoffers of course there are (as St. Peter 'predicted), saying, 'Where is this kingdom? Where is your Christ? All things continue as they were. Your hopes are delusions. Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die.' Such mockers wilfully forget God's judgments and revelations; they will not acknowledge the heinousness of sin nor recognise the need of the purgation of the world from moral evil. But the Church's outlook abides steadfast. ' ' Nevertheless, according to (God's) promise, we look for new heavens and a new. earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.' This hope, held fast, has assuredly much to , do with a right view of the way to meet social problems and perplexi ties. You will have noticed how prominently the subject of socialism was brought forward at the recent Church Congress in Hull, and social'stic ideas are, to use a common phrase, in the air. Now, whatever may be thought of the various plans and schemes for the amelioration of social conditions, and of the various theories— some of them very crude — which are put for ward concerning 'the reconstruction of society,' the main idets of socialist reformers are not only not alien to Christian hope, but they are suggested by it. The idea of universal betterment, the idea of equitable adjustment of hitherto contending or conflicting interests, the idea of social harmony are Chrisiain ideas. Apart from Christ's religion, however, these ideas cannot be permanently operative or fruitful. There is no adequate motive power ; no convening energy ;, no reconciling influence. Self-interest is not con conquered; self -sacrifice is not cultivated ; the hopes and claims of a life beyond this bodily life are either neglected or denied ; and 'dust to dust' ends all. But the .Church's outlook (call it ' tran scendental' if men will ; it does transcend all lo.wer, earth-bound hopes; call it ' otherwoiidliness' if men will — it does look for something beyond this transitory and limited life) has an animat ing, a purifying, ?a consoling power. Based on the gospel of pardon and reconciliation ; maintained by patient faith in Christ as Saviour, King, Judge ; exhibited in a confident assurance of the triumph of good over evil, of justice over injustice, of God's love over the mysteries of spiritual wickedness — the Chris tian believer's hope, and this is identical with the Church's social functions and fellowship, illuminated by the light of Divine love and truth 1 Do not all its services recognise, and require a community of faith, work, and prayer made possible, made fruitful, made effectual, by the Divine grace which, from the cradle to the grave, rests upon each member of Christ who does not repudiate his high and heaven-born privileges; the grace which gradually shapes each living stone for the place which it has to occupy in the great spiritual structure which God is raising for a habitation of His glory and righteousness — that 'spiritual fitly framed Temple, wherein shall be no walls of partition?' We are 'brethren of a common, life,' children of one Father, disciples of one Lord, recipients of one Spnrit. 0 1 let us nake it our strenuous endeavours to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, and to help each, other onward by warning them that are unruly, comfortiug the faint-hearted, suppon the weak, and being patient to all men. The very function of the Church in the world is to keep the minds of men directed towards the highest ideal of righteousness, and to keep the hearts of men up lifted above the sorrows and sufferings of our lower life or probation, and thus to save society both from worse degradation and from spiritual despair. This function the Church discharges by pro claiming Christian faith, by propagating Christian conduct, by pro-' moting Christian worship. O ! that our branch of Christ's Catholic Church, (for which this Cathedral; this central sanctuary, is now constructed' — a fruit of labours past, a pledge of work and worshipHyet to come — may never fail to contribute its quota of faithful and loving service to the best interests of mankind by holding fast and holding forth the blessed hopes which God in Christ, by His Holy Spirit, has revealed and proffered ; 'and may there be among all who love the Lord Jesus, arid look for Him, an increase of brotherly regard and con cord, so that differing only where we must, and combining where we can, we may all be fellow-workers in furtherance of the gospel, fellow-soldiers in the conflict with the manifold forms and forces of evil around us, fellow-helpers in all that makes for true social reform and harmony ; and amid all disappointments and difficulties and delays, still according to God's promise, look for new heavens and a new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness. At the conclusion of the sermon the offertory was taken while the choir and congregation sang ihe hymn commencing '? The Church's one Foundation.' The Bishops and Chaplains within the Sanctuary each going up in turn to the holy table, and there depositing his offering ' meekly kneeling upon his knees.' After the prayer for the Church militant, those who did not intend to communicate had an opportunity of retiring. . The order of service for the Holy Communion was then proceeded with. About 600 persons were communicants, the Bishop of Sydney and the Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by the other Bishops, administering the elements at the altar rails, and also at secondary temporary rails which were erected at the entrance to the chancel. It was a quarter to 2 o'clock when the Bishop of Sydney pro nounced the benediction and dismissed the congregation, choir and clergy marching m procession down the nave and out of the cathedral to the, chapter house. So ended this great ceremony, which, whether we regard the momentousness of the occasion, the number and eminence of the dignitaries who took part in it, the splendour of the spectacle, the solemnity and beauty of the ritual, the vast concourse and reverent demeanour of the worshippers, or the size and stateliness of the building in- which they were assembled, stands unrivalled among Church functions in Australasia, and may compare without dis credit with services held at the openinir of 'more pretentious Cathedrals in the old country. It would be unjust to omit, reference to the excellence of the music. Of course, both organist and choir were heard at a great disadvantage. The choir, which for ordinary week days numbers 9 men and 26 boys, but was swelled for the opening day to even more than its Sunday strength, viz.', 24 men and 32 boys, were nearly new to the building, and could not be expected to do more than give an earnest of the excellence it is hoped they will, with longer practice, attain ; but, even as they are, their rendering of some of the music entrusted to them placed them at once on a level with the foremost choir in any of the colonies ; while too much praise cannot be awarded to Mr. Ernest Wood for having played - through' the whole octave of special services with an organ so far from complete that of its 50 speaking stops only 27 could be used. . without anything occurring to remind his most critical listeners that they were listening to an unfinished instrument. 