ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. CZARCOSM. [By Hugh Kalyptus.) The Heathen Chinee is the " Yellow Agony" of Australia, and the persecuted, expatriated Hebrew is the " Dark Terror" of Russia, be cause he is so much more intelligent and busi ness-like than the average Muscovite. Aus tralians—another name, of course, for English men—have a fairer way of dealing with aliens of the objectionable type than the '* Rooshian" has—I say Rooshian because they have a fancy for what we call "hooroosh"—that is to say, they go headlong and heedlessly into matters, no matter bow much they may affect the Commonwealth—if there is such a thing as a regard for the common good in Russia. The middle-age Russian, for, from our advanced position, he is no further ahead than England was in mediaeval times, is to be pitied. He does not know anything about the freedom of the Press. By order of the Czar, or rather the authorities in the name of the Czar (an effigy always up to be shot at that he is) no paragraphs or articles commenting upon the raid againBt the Jews in Russia are allowed to be published in holy Russia, Great [Caesar's ghost! Holy Russia indeed. We call it unholy Russia here. We independent Australians with a free Press, outspoken and fearless, can haTdly realize the idea of any one, even the official of the Czar of all the Russias, or a re presentative of Victoria herself, going up to an Australian newspaper office and ordering (he Editor to put certain articles in the waste paper basket. The messenger would most likely find the waste-paper basket inverted over his head, and there would be a vigorous application of the principle "speed the parting guest." If the Czar himself went up to an English or an Australian editor's sanctum in person or by proxy he would receive all the consideration due to his exalted rank, or the high rank represented, hut as for the newspaper criticism next day he would have to take his chance with the humblest political agitator. He would not be backed as in Russia by a host of officers and soldiers, but he would " have to stand die racket," to use a colonial phrase. If "the Czar of all the Russias and as much more as ho can get hold of," road the comments of the English Press upon the baccarat scandal, and the connec tion of His Most Sacred Alleged Future Majesty, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, with the same, he would rise up and cough be hind his hand in a deprecatory, not to say hor rified and scandalized fashion. He and his sycophantic officials would be horrified at the idea of commenting adversely upon anything the " Czareovitch" of England had done or could do. The Editors of the Times, and various other journals would have been sent off straightway by special footliack to Siberia with no prospect of returning. But bush ! a Russian man-of-war may come here even now, and exile the Editors of the two daily papers to Central Mount Stuart, confiscate the plant, knout Tom Playford, imprison Charley King ston, depose Judge Boncaut, boil Cotton alive, and issue an ukase from the Czar ordering the ' Mayor of Adelaide and all his brethren to de part to Tonuns Island or the Althorpes, taking the Cyclotaina of Jerusalem with them for all eternity. As things stand, however, the Russian Bear would find that he could not do much hugging after hiB own fashion. It is not long Bince that Eord—the independent land lord cf the York Hotelr-aotually refused to receive a millionaire Indian Rajah (who ruled with the authority of life and death in his own territory) and his retinue because be did nob wish to inconvenience his regular customers. The Czar of Russia would not be able to gag the Press or the public out of his own do minions or in them, if his people were all Englishmen or Australians. Even in Church we sometimes reoeive omens of the future, and if we would only take ad vantage of tbem Bometimes, they would be as useful as the propheoy of the clairvoyant. On last Sunday evening the concluding hymn sung in a suburban Church contained the word "Mystic"—"Fruit of the Mystic Rose"— and a well- known sporting resident of the suburb in question made a note of it, the next day backing the horse of that name running in the Hurdle Raoo. The result was that he received a totalizator dividend of £15 and some odd shillings. The sportsman ought to give the scriptural - tenth to the Church who brought him the luck. Mr. Symon in his address to a Jury on a jaw-breaking case said be would not like to have bis jaw broken as bis client's bad been. Certainly not. Mr. Symon makes so much by bis jaw that he ought to be most careful of it. That is an invaluable jaw of his, it brings him in thousands a year. Tom Playford's only brings him in a thousand, and that uncertain —very, with no-confidenoe motions in the air. I saw a man pass a certain country store the other day, writes Ab Original, and after he had got down the road a bit he paused, turned back, and looked in at the window. Then he went on, and Bat on a fallen tree, and swayed backward and forward with a spasmodic, jerky motion, as one will who is in pain. Perhaps he has eaten of the Sturt pea, said I, and while I walked towards him, another came, and paused at the shop window, and then leaned against the adjacent post, apparently attacked by the same disorder. Tis strange, thought I; and hastening to the window I resolved to allay my curiority, even at the risk of my own health. I saw there nothing to cause any violent disorder on sight, albeit some of the goods displayed may have produced Bimilar consequences if taken in im moderate quantities. There were lollies, to bacco, boots, bacon, insect-powder, candles, pens, and ink, and other sundries, and a placard bearing the inscription—Boy VVantkd. j Enquire Within. Turning to the man leaning on the post, who was going green and blue by turns, I said—"What is the matter; can I ! help you 1" He held his sideB with his hands, and said—"Oh!" in such an agonised tone that one's hands grasped one's own panting j bulk in sympathy. After a few seconds he seemed to get calmer, but when I repeated my i question he said " Oh!" again, and, pointing to the window, relapsed into hiB former changing-lime light condition. The distriot trooper drew near just then, and asked the eufferer what ailed him, and received as a reply the same monoBy liable, accompanied by the pointing of the finger. The trooper read the legend, and burst into uncontrollable fits , of laughter. I went up and read it again— " Boy Wanted. Enquire Within." \ "What's in the wind ?" I asked again, and the j trooper replied between his roars of merri ment— "The storekeeper has a family of six. Five of them are girls. His wife presented him with another offspring yesterday. It's another j GIRL!" I heard afterwards that the storekeeper got I into sucb a rage when the medioo broke the news to him, that he swore in the hearing of his errand boy, whose mother, being pious, took him away. Hence the placard. j 