AKGLO-COLONIAL NOTES. j [From our Special Correspondent.] London, August 14, 1S:)1. The recopiion comnjitfaM3of the Intern.ition:tl J Health Congress which is sitting in Lfjnd-jn \ this week, were hardly prepared for the deluge t of delegates, doctors and 'faddists,1 who bore down upon the library of the University of - London, in Burlington Gardens, on Monday morning last. Tho visitors, who were c\p jated in tens, twenties, and fifties, rolled up literally in hundreds, and from .iu «^-.ai-c-?.i-aottli.i globe. Long Iwfiwi* noon ewry sin;^i« T)rogi:unrn^ had In -en «'vjia,-.cti^l, and t.').- p-Ts|)'ring -^!.?rks at tho ti.-!;ot - offices' hn.fl :n:f!'i o.it ail the oiderp at their «lis)-o--'.u lor \\-A.\\.^ , hos vitals, w.irkiiouHPs, wid v?.-i&. S:r Spenser ! Vvellft and his. colleayiies iwciliod their dis- J appointed 'uosts .is bwfc they could, shaking ! liands drs)).;rai:--ly, and assuring all and sundry ? that things would be shipshape in a few hours, j The inaugural meeting was fixed for 3.30 atJSt. I James's Hall, but commenced half an hour earlier, tho floor and galleries of the great ! building being full to overflowing at 2.45. Sir I Douglas (inl∈ announced there were over ' 2,000 delegates pr.j£i3nti at this year's congress, \ not to mention 'sisters, cousins, and aunts.' ! Tlie Pj-im.^ «-f Wales ail ived punctually, the «.onferen.« risinsr to r.«-ive him. H.K.H. : read his inau-y.:ral address from a small book in : an schnirably clear voice. He remarked on ; tlio comprohensivoness of the subject to be dis- ; cussed as showing how overwhelming were the j dangers to health. As a member of the late ! Koyal Commission his attention had been ! specially drawn to matters connected with the : housing of the working classes. He was happy ' to say that much good resulted from the en- ?, quiry, though much yetremained to bedone. But while the heaviest penalties of insanitary con ditions fell on the poor, was there, he asked, j any family which had not lost some member from diphtheria or typhoid ? If those diseases were declared preventive why were they not prevented ? The questions before the congress did not, however, relate only to the prevention of death or serious disease, but to the mainte nance of the conditions in which the greatest working power might be sustained. On Monday evening Sir Andrew Clarke gave the iirsfc of a series of dinners to the leading foreign and colonial delegates. . On Tuesday the real business of the congress commenced, papers being read and listened to on such absorbing subjects as 'A new pyogenic micro-organism' and 'The ques tion of the identity of S. pyogenes with streptococcus.' A lay reporter who fled from the discussion of the last-named problem in a delirious condition scaicely felt better when he found himself in a section where an angry debate was raging on ' Bacterial diseases of the liver' and 'Ringworm in ele mentary schools.' Adjacent a bland bald headed Belgian described with an infinity of ghastly detail the loathsome condition of a Netherlands family who caught trichinosis through eating pork infested with parasites. Australia was to the fore in the preventive medicine section when Dr. J. A._ Thompson ex plained your quarantine regulations in a paper which provoked a* whole morning's discussion. Verbatim reports are not obtainable, but I understand the system was severely criticised, Surgeon-General Cunningham and others main taining there was no satisfactory evidence that quarantinejiad been really effectual in check ing epidemic disease. Several foreign doctors took part in the debate. In _ the ' Chemistry and physics in relation to hygiene' section some interesting facts transpired concerning London fogs, as for instance that the gas burnt in town on a rich brown foggy day measures 25,000,000 cubic feet and costs about £3,125. Baroness Burdett Coutts entertained the delegates at a garden party at Holly Lodge iu the afternoon, and in the evening there was a conversazione at the Guildhall. The colonial delegates were most of them present at both these function?. On Wednesday tlie principal papers read were ' Diphtheria and consumption,' 'The homes of the poor,' ' Poisonous foods,7' 'Migration of labor/' and ' Europeans aud tropical high lands.' Parties were given by Lord and Lady Wantage, Sir Edwin Saunders, and l)r. an-l Mrs. Campbell, and there was a reception for ladies at Agnw's Gallery in Old Bond- street. The Royal College of Surgeon.? were also *' At borne.' Dr. C. H. Drununond. Morier is staying at tbe Saracen's Head, Swowhill, the iiostelry which, it will be remembered, Mr. Sqneers and Sir. and Mrs. Jno. Browdie patronised on their visits to town. The present house is not, of course, the one Dickens made famous, but a successor built on the same ground. Lovers of the works of the great novelist, whether American or Australian, generally find their way there and to the Great White House at Ipswich. Accounts from E,i.-tijcUiiio tliis week con cerning your Agent-General are rather more hopeful. At any rats Sir Arthur writes iu a Ioj-s depressed frame of mind. Lady Cavrington and her children are at Cromer on a visit to Lq«i and .Lady Hastings. In spite of rumors caused by cables from the Cape to the contrary Lord Carrington will re turn in September in time to receive Chief Justice Way for a valedictory visit. The Rev. B. C. Stephenson sails for Ade laide by the Victoria next Friday. Mr. aud Mrs. Henniker-Heaton will also be on board this vessel. Mr. Heaton was very much en evidence at Canterbury during the recent cricket week, and general regrets were ex pressed that he would not be present next month at the unveiling of the Marlowe memorial, of which he was one of the original promoters. The member for Canterbury has always been decidedly popular with the county aud clerical sets. Chief .liwtice Way's labors last week did not come to an end with the Plymouth Conference. He and Mr. Bourne (who will accompany his honor on his American pilgrimage) were the lead ing. actors at Milton Damerel on Saturday, when the foundation-stone of a new Bible Christian chapel was laid. The event was of more than usual importance in consequence of the historic associations of the village, William O'Bry»n, the founder of the Bible Christian denomination, having preached his first ser mon in the neighborhood. This was in fact, with the exception of Shebbear, the most noted of the villages in North Devon in which 15ib!e Christianism sprang into existence in the year 1815. The President of thu Conference (Mr. Bourne) proposed 'Chief Justice ^Yay.' He said Dr. Way had received an enthusiastic welcome from all thuir friends during his visit to the mother country, .and he was sure that where vor he went he would receive a welcome no less hearty than that which had already been accorded him. It was with peculiar pleasure that they welcomed him to Milton, that place being- one of great historic in twv-st : to their denomination. If not exactly the birthplace of the body it was so very near it, and so closely connected with it. that it inightbe considered the spot from which the denomination arose. The great eminence which the Chief Justice had attained in his own country, not only as a judge, but as the friend of learning and of philanthropic and religious movements, made it especially incumbent upon them to give him a hearty welcome for liisown sake, for the -sake of his father, and .for the sake of tluise friends with whom he was associated in a far distant country. Dr. Way, in response, thanked them for the cordiality with which they had accepted the toast, and remarked that the president's obser vations had touched several chords of his heart, which always responded to the hand of a skilful player upon tliat instrument. If he had had any success in .life it was owing to the noble example and the admirable lessons which were taught him in his youth by his honored father, and hie equally honored and not less useful mother. His father's memory would ever be dear to him, and it was always a bond of sympathy between him and any audience he mi^ht have the honor to ad dress to find that his name was still re membered, that his labor* were not forgotten, and that they joined in ihe same affectionate recollections with himself. Tt was also ex ceedingly gratifying to him to find that he was welcomed there on one account as an Australian colonist. Them was nothing that delighted an Australian colonist more thau to Know that his fellow-subjects on this side of the world recognised that he b--'loii'ed to the same groat nation, that tlmy did' not look uiinn him as a foreigner and stranger. becaus« he had carried the name of England and, he hoped, the traditions of England to the other side of the world. Later the Rev. 5*. Pollard delivered an address, and presented Dr. Way with a silver trowel. Dr. Way then laid a stone, declaring it to be 4i well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Mrs. Bournci aid the second stone. The Hon. S. .1. Way placed h cheque for ten guineas on the stone he laid. Air. J-. W. Ward continues to prosecute his studies of English politicians and pressmen with raiwmtitcl onergy. H,» v..,.ut ,\o\vn to Shepperton the- oilier day ;uul spent the best part ot 12 hom-s chaUnijc n-ltn y;r Charles Uj1!;c. That onmiteieut persona'* at on.'s knew w!w In; was. and e.nteivd con nhiw into a- di«i:us-Ki--n -»r the i-.olonial question* of the h-iiir. C'uivwsat.imi limiinsr on tb* «:wvi=si»s of the labor candidates in New South Wal.v and New Zealand, Sir Charles gav« it as his opinion that labor candidates would be equally successful at the next general elections in South Australia, Victoria, and Queensland The wrnniissionms of the 1351 Exhibition aimoiUHrfi that they will offer seipn'-p scholar ships for competition .in LSiG a.t tlni Adelaide and New Zealand univei\sinies The announcement of tho passible amalga mation -7f tht I hiion Co. of New Zealand with several other coastal companies has (as those ?who set the rumor afloat doubtless intended) put Mr. Huddert Parker and his colleagues in a rare Hurry. A great many people took the paragraph to mean that Mr. Parker ami the Union Co. had come t-i Uu-in-s, \v\\\Uh -»f courts is for from hfing fo-t. I applied for definite information to the London office of the Union Co., but found them blandly incom municative. On ih't, Mr. Parker ia finding ihe promoting of his new veiture far mor-3 diftiiul than he expected. An extraordinary meeting of the share holders in the South Australian petroleum tields was held on Wednesday for the purpose of increasing the capital of the company. The chairman (Mr. B. llills) explained thit a pre vious meeting for the same purpose being con sidered by some informal it was thought wiser to convene another to confirm the resolutions passed thereat. He moved—' That the capital of the company bo increased to £115,000 by the creation of 15,000 now shares of £1 each, to be called priority shares-, to which the following special rights and privileges shall be attached : — rix) The net proiits of the company ill each year shall, before any dividend is paid on the ordinary ?!i:iiw for \X\e-. tiine be'ns: issued, be applied first in payment -il' a c-nmjlative pre ferential dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum upon the amount paid up on such priority shares for the time being issued ; the said net profits shall then be applied in pay ment of a dividend on the ordinary shares for the time beinjr issued until such ordinary shares shall have received dividends at the rate of ]0 per cent, por annum. Any sur plus net profit shall then be divided equally, and one-half shall be distributed amongst the holders of the priority shares and the other half amongst the holders of the ordinary {?haws for the time boinpj issued. (6) Upon the winding up of the company the surplus assets of the cojipany .shall be applied (subject to the tein s upon which any issue of preference shares may hereafter be made, first in piy ment of arrears (if any) of the aforesaid preferential dividend on the priority shares, and, subject thereto, in repayment to the holders of priority shaves of the amount* paid thereon respectively, and the residue (if any) shall be divided among the holders of tiie ordinary shares in porportion to the nominal urnountof the capital held by them respectively.1' After considerable discussion it was decided that the number of the priority shares should be increased from tlie . 15,000 mentioned in the resolution to 25,000 at £1 each. This sum it was pointed out would enable the commny to acquire aud work, not merely the Burmah' property, but the S.A. petroleum fields as well. It was further resolved not to pr--eeed with the allot ment of the increased capital till £10,000 had been subscribed. The faith of the bulk of the shareholders seemed to be centred rather in S. A. petroleum than in the Burmah property. The board hope, however, to sell the latter on highly profitable terms some day. A divorce suit in which a versatile gentleman named Swift, now believed to be living in .South Australia, was respondent, came before Mr. Justice Collins on Monday. The peti titioner, Mrs. Swift, is an Italian by birth, and her husband at the time of their marriage Hjti-med to be doing well as an auctioneer and surveyor at Blackheath. Soon afterwards, she statt-S, he took to drink and illtreated witness no that she left him and returned to her parents. Respondent then perambulated the country with a barrel organ, posing as a 'mysterious nobleman,' and pretending to collect money for charitable purposes. He was usually masked, aDd got it whispered about that he was really the 'Marquis of Strafford,' or ' Captain De Vero Somerset,' During this period respondent lived with a girl named Quinton. Ultimately he saved a considerable sum of money, and the pair left for Australia. When hist heard of they were residing in one of the suburbs of Adelaide as man and wife. Evidence of gross cruelty and neglect having been duly tendered against Swift Justice Collins granted a decree nisi. On the same day Mr. Justice Chitty granted the urgent request of certain shareholders in the Foreign and Colonial Automatic Photo graph Company for compulsory liquidation. At the meeting of the West Australian Ex ploration Company on Monday last the chairman (Mr. E. J. Walford) announced that the silver mine which they had partially acquired from the Taemanian Land and Exploration Com pany was, to use their engineer's expression, ?'turning up trumps.' _ Capital had been found to work it on the joint account of both companies, and when next the board m*t the shareholders they hoped to be able to announce a dividend. Joseph Waterhouse, the defaulting aceoun tant in the Sydney branch of the Commercial Bank of Australia, who was arrested at St. Paul's Station the other day, made his ap pearance at Bow-street on Monday, and was formally charged with embezzling £3,000. He will of course be remanded back to ISTew South Wales. Mr. W. Cooper, of Sydney, rau second to Flyaway in the Kempton Park International Breeders' Two-year-old Stakes on Tuesday with a chesnut colt called The Lover, by Cliaribert — Loversall. As Flyaway (by Galo pin— Rookery) conceded 16 lb. and won cleverly by h'aK a length the youngster must be far from first class. It started sexrad favorite at 0 to 2 in a field of seven ; evens .on Flyaway. Mr. HaJiH W. Irvine, of the Great Western vineyard, of Victoria, bas baen investigating the niethddts of the agents of the colonial vignerons and the possibilities of the trade. The latter lie considers are enormous, though he frankly admits that he finds the cheap wines of Algeria and Hungary far superior to what ho expected. It was, I hear, considered a significant fact that at Mr. lrving's supper party after the linal performance at the Lyceum, tlie host de voted himself' almost entirely to Sir. R. L. Smythe, whom he pumped exhaustively as to the holding capacities of the chief Aus tralian theatres, the expenses of a tour, &c.; Mr. Irving professes not to be contemplating a visit to your part of the world, and it is probably true he would not care to risk it on nis own account. But Mr. Smythe has latterly made 'pots of money,' and if that experienced manager saw his way to making Mr. Irving an offer to ran him, the great actor would probably consider it favorably. The Rev. Charles Clark has arrived home. Mr. Smythe went down to see him on Tuesday. Tt is reckoned that the popular lecturer's ex pedition had cleared him within a shilling of just £3,000. It seems extraordinary that Mr. Clark's reputation should be so purely colonial Outside Bristol he is unknown in England. Mr. Rudyard Kipling will probably make the round voyage out and home in the Kaikoura, sailing next Friday, or the Doric, sailing Sep tember 3. He dislikes exceedingly being fussed over, and will be best pleased if he is permitted to 'gang his own gait' during his *et&y; in the colony. When he chooses Mr. Kipling is an incomparable talker and companion, spinning yarns as ^glibly and humorously as his own SI ul vaney. Mr. Patchett Martin's numerous friends at your side will be glad to hear of the success of Literary Opinion under the new management. The first edition of the August number sold out in a few days. The Anglo-Colonial fea tures are of course specially well done. The cabled story concerning Mr. Bellew marrying Mrs. Brown-Potter proves to be as absolutely devoid of foundeition as the state ment that the fair lady's husband had divorced her. Mrs. Brown-rotter is now m Paris staying with relatives, and Mr. Bellew is in London 'loafing around.1' It is said that the company lost their Australian profits in China. Mrs. George Kdwardes arrived home from Australia, on Saturday last in capital health and spirits, having enjoyed her little jaunt immensely. It is a sign of the advance Haddon Chambers has made in the popular estimation that his photos are now to be found iu all the celebrity mongers' windows hanging alongside those of 'Tottie' Coffin, George R. Sims, Jean May, and George Alexander. This indeed is fame. The likeness was taken by Bassano, who makes your 'Australian Shakespeare' look even younger and more* sweetly guileless than he is in reality. !S'o_ wonder the girls ask — 'Can you tell me is that dear handsome Mr. Chambers a worried man.' Mr. Frank Cornwall, the successful litigant in the great case of Cornwall & Manaema v. McArthur, is, as Anuklaurfem and islanders well know, a man of strong character. YVilh indomitable pluck aud unwavering deter mination he has for ten long years been fight ing the wealthy firm of McArthurs through court after court to regain possession of con siderable landed property in Samoa, of, which he maintains they wrongfully despoiled him. Ordinary men under the same circum stances would have long ago been crushed by the influence and the moral prestige of the McArthurs. The firm bear a jiustly-respested name throughout the coloni«-, and the pr-«si- bility that in this involved dispute they could be wrong and Cornwall right never entered most people's heads. Fortunately Cornwall was able tu convince a few folk of the justice of his claim, and (by paying through' the nose for it) to raise enough money to fight on and on and on. At last the cabe reached the final court of appeal, the Privy Council. Cornwall came home last November for the hearing. It was called on nearly siv ni'.mths later, i.e., in .Inly. Perhaps you think the lonely Now Xealawler found this period of weary waiting intolerable. Not a bit of it. Mr. Cornwall cans little for company, but he is a man of many rtstmrcus. Time «ain never iianc; h»avy on his hands. Since he lins been in EnicLaud, for example, he has loam t t^vo sorts of shorthand (Pitinan'sandlheJSIon.ne-Duployau) and biwwie an expert teli»graph'oi-ern.tor. H- ? has also taken an interest iu London labor and the London poor and explored all kinds of odd corners of the metropolis. Karly in -I'nly. ju*t a^ bis appeal was about to b-i r-.dled, Cornwall suf fered a (.-rushing blow. Mr. Bompu-s, Q.O., his leading counsel, who had been studying the case for months and had «v«?vy point at his tinger'rt i;iid, was appointed I'O'.iiuii.ssiont'r ?-{ something or other and returned his brief. At the last nuimnnt Mr. Fiillarttin, Q.O., wa* briefed to l«;ad and did his best, but that best ^-:iv :':i.r from brilliant. Fortunately ti»tj Jpf*o)', Mr. IiohW, wa« a rising m:i:i oi £nat ability. :unl m.id=! maXtora uli-Ar to lh«'ir .(ord.-JiigH. Mr. 'V.t;-ipv. -j!.C, -«Riiivrtoil St':.*»tlm--V c.w;1 with umuii \- juir^WPiit, r»»t£ C'-tiift-stH s»:«»r«!»I o-i .'.fta.-v-t every point. The court's decision has not yet been given, bat McArthurs have nevertheless taken a strong hint from their lordships, and delivered up possession of the lands. The question of damages alone remains to bo settled, and it is sincerely to be hoped it will be arranged without further litigation. If the matter rested with the McArthurs alone this undoubtedly would be so. But Cornwall lias now the whip hand, and one can scarcely wonder if he fights for his full pound of flesh. Arrangements are in progress for the No. 2, or alternative Gaity Company, with Arthur Roberts, Lounen, and Florence St. John as 'stars,' to visit the Antipodes e.irly n-.'xt year. Nothing, however, will be tina'.ly de cided till the Leslie Farron tnun-? return, and it is mhh how the expedition now drawing to a eloso ?? pans out.' At the meeting oi' the -Jai«.-ty Theatre Company on Wednesday it tranppin«5 iii.it tin; hr,vd winter had had a malign olfeet on this ;?s on most other house.-. In tin; tii-t two and a half months of the run of ' Carmen up to Date' the company made a clear profit of £2,775. In April the houses suddenly fell with extra ordinary rapidity from £70 to £80 a per formance. Why, the board could only .specu late. There is some talk of reviving Burnand's burlesque of 'Black Eyed Susan' at the Opera Comique for the English debut of that much talked-r.bout Australian prodigv, Miss Nellie Stewart. Mr. George Collins Levey is now eugaged on tbe production oi an Australasian Encyclo paedia. The work will include an alphabetical ? description of all places in the Australasian colonies, an account of the events which have taken place in Australia from its discovery down till to-day, its scenery, laws, constitu tions, and statistics. In the biographical sec tion of the encyolopiedia discoverers, ex plorers, officials, and notable colonists will be dealt with. Mr. James Shaw, ex-mayor of your city, fave a complimentary dinner at tbe Tavistoek lotel, Covent Garden, on August 10, to the officers of the Oroya and a nnmber of South Australians now in London. Mr. Sha-w arrived in England by the Oroya. An Indian paper describing '.' the Rajah of Chutneypore,' now being played at the Savoy, speaks etilogistically of the Lost work of ' Lord Sullivan, Esquire, :! and presentssomeintereating particulars regarding the composer. Among other things it is mentioned that 'his lord ship's talented son, Mr. J. L. Sullivan, is now about to make an appearance on the Thespian boards in Australia,' and, further, before he went on the stage ' Mr. Sullivan was a some what remarkable broozer.' Mr. R. S. Smythe, the Australian manager, has entered into a contract with Mr. Clifford Harrison, the well-known reciter, to give a series of elocutionary entertainments in Aus tralia and New Zealand. Mr. Smythe leaves London for Melbourne immediately, having engaged Mr. H. M. Stanley, Mr. Max O'Eell, and M. Paderewski, the celebrated Polish pianist. Mr. Henry Taylor, of South Australia, ! writes in Greater Britain on 'Land and Labor, the Conflict in Australia.' He replies to an article in the same journal from the pen of Mr. H. B. T. Strangways, an ex-Premier of your colony, on ' The Decrease of Rural Populations. ', 1 