AN ARCTIC PHANTOM. By J, W.. Henderson. It was in January, and we werein lalitudo lodrg. 2imin. south. The heat was beyond discretion, for we were Iyingbecalmedunder a tropical eun. Too sea waa a deep sap phiro blue, translucent to a mysterious depth, so that, leaning over the rail, one could seo bits of gryly tinted sea-weed float ing far below tha surface. Occrsionnlly a brown fish, lookirg purple through the glorify iog water,would shoot close to the ship and then, smiting the placid depths into shivering silver, go scurrying away into tho infinite unknown cf the great dc.'p. There was not n breath cf air. The sea lay like molten glass under tha pitiless sun, and the long undulation of tho swell teemed like thedeep pant'nss cf a heat oppressed bestra, The horizon was lost in a dim gray haze that quivered with the radiant beat, and give everything an appearacco o: melting. Thepitchin tho Ecams of the deck wa3 solt and sticky. Sammy Scurles, the second mate, declared that on the forscaBilc deck the pitch was boiling. We were aboard tha ship Alton Falls, homeward bound from tho Caps cf Good Hope. Fred Meredith and I were tailing a long sea-voyage for the benefit of cur health. We had been fortunate enough to secure berthson the AftonFallafortheveyegefrom Hew York to the Cape and back. The ship wa3 a big, able craft of Novia Scotia build, commanded by Captain Harry Bown, as fine a sailorman as ever handled a pig-yoke. Wo had been at Durban, and had roiled al most down to our lower yard-arms on the big swell (ha; always tumbles iu towards that uninviting beach, andwa had wondered how on earth any sane person could choose such a nlaee to live in. Wo had also been under the shadow of Table Rock, and had come out of the bay in one of those rushing winds that come down the'mountain and blow a gale inside the bay, when outside the sea is smooth and the wind very light. And here we were a few hundred miles on our long trip, becalmed and baking. Captain Bown, Meredith, and I were eittiDg nnderan awning ipread over »ne eido of the quarter deot. The ehip was under a splendid dis p’ay oi canvas, but the sails were simply bleaching in the sun. The courses were clewed up, in the vain hepi that a stray breath of air might steal along ;he deck. The man at the wheel mopped his brow, and stared helplessly at the compass card. The ehip bod no steerage-way. Tho vessel was full of groans and creaks and the clicking o! hooked doors as sho rolled lazily on the long, low swells. Sammy Sauries, the second mate, had gone to tho main topmaGt bead, for he declared that ho had got a little fanning every time aho rolled. Tho men forward were lying about in all sorts of attit.r.ies ex pressive of wc-arin'ors and disgust. One fellow climbed out on the jib-bcomi went to sleep and almost fell overboard. As we sst staring at one another, tho voice of the coloured cook arose from tho galley trolling nditty which ho ho had picked up in the Southern States: “ Dishyah niggah aiu’t gwine ter die Till old Jim Crow come roun’ by-fflc-by, An’any' ‘ Hey, niggah, yo’ got tertly high ; TJmph-umphl Ab.umph-uniphl’ Tho Captaip, Fred, and I looked at one on' other, and smiled. We wondered how any one could muster up energy enough to sing’ For a few minutes nothing was beam saT0 the creaking ol tho Bbip'a timber.-and *'12 flapping of her idle canvas. Then tho cook lifted.up his voice ngain : 11 wish I war in Bsdin’s Bay, ■ Wbav all tho niggahs am mado ob clay. An’ possoms go a skatin’ ebbery day. Hoop-te-looay ! Ain't dat gay ? Slidin’ down a iasberg in Baffin's Bay.’’ At that tlio.tbrco etna burst hito laugh' ter, and Captain Bown said: " I believe tbe fellow's right. The only thing to do on such a day is to imogino you are in a C°M “ You are ]U6t right," said Fred. '* I wish Iwero doing a oako walk around tbs north • Well.I don’t belicvol should care much about that,” said I. “Tho noithpolcisa hard plaeo to get to, and a harder place to get away from." “That’s very taio, sir," said Peter Young, the first mate, who had iust finished taking a sight, and was on hia way below. ‘'DM you ever hear of tho whaling -ship Young “ Ho," exclaimed Fred. \yhtat about her?" ‘Well sir, sbe'n r. 333-ton whaler Mat wen! out chant two years ago. She was as fine a vessel as ever caniod a nook, sir, and wen 8lli,l to be a bard one to beat on a bowline. Well ebi pot osiisht in the ins n hundred miica or bo north cf Point Barrow, and was ctuahcd in below the water lino, so that aha wn3 Bupjoaed to be sinking, and her crew abandoned her. The crew escaped, and made tboic way baak to civilised parts of the world,bat their ship did not sink.” ;■ What became o£ her?” I asked. ,, Well, sir,’’ said tbo mate, with a myste rious air,” she’s sailing those seas yet, with out a captain or without a crew,1 “ How do yon know ?” demanded Fred. u sho'a been sighted, sir. More than that, she’s been boarded.” “When!” 11 How 1” we exclaimed. “Last spring a rsan named Leavitt, sighted a whales standing towards shore, surrounded by ice-bergs. There she was, with her lore and main topsails Bet, and all her gear just glittering with ice in the sud light.” , , , “ How was it she hadn't sunk V' asked Fred. Why, bless youjsir, she wasn’t intho water at all. She was about fifty feet away from it, up on the ice. resting there just as comfortable as a baby in a cradle, and just an eafe too, Leavitt boarded her, and found everything on her decks as neat as if all hands had ju3t gone ashore for a lark. Ton see the ioo had squeezed in under hor, and lifted her np.” “ And you think ahe’s there yet?” I in quired. _ . •> Just as sure ns over you live, sir. yinj, tbo ico up there doesn’t melt all away in tho spring, Tt breaks up in some placcB, bnt mostly it jusikccp3 growing and growing, and I shouldn't wonder at all if some of those large berg3 were hundreds of years old. Don't you think co, Captain ?” I think you are about right, Young," said the captain, “ibave beard about that whaler', but ska isn’t p marker on an arelio yarn ebe reminds mtlof." . . i "Something in yoi* own experienne,Cap?”,:...v; I asked. • I--- • v • - •;yr-<'?&Xl;££i “ Yes." " \\\ . . “Then by all meara let ua bear it," said Fred. “I never knew-you- had been; a -- whaler.’" : ■ ; “ Yes,” said tbo Captain, “ when I was in command of the Sealskin, I was well- known at Upernavik, and they do say I fcavo been away up-But that’s what I am coming to. I had been on; summer knoohiug about tho entrance o! Baffin’s Bay, and bndn’t done a great dec!. I was told by Eome Erq-jimaux that a large number of night whales had been seen elf the east coast of Greenland, and I decided to craise that way. In August we hadn’t seen a ghost cf e whale, but I pushed cn, and when about sixty mile3 east of Gael Hawk's Bay, the welcome cry came from the crow’s nest, “ ‘ Thet-r-r-a she blows 1’ " ‘ Where away V I Ehouted. ••1 Two poiuts efi the lee bow, sir.’ “ Weii, I am not going into a whaling story. It’s enough to say we got that brute, and aid a big trade in the coarse of the next six weeks. Two months later I shaped mj course towards Spitsbergen, to go into win ter quarters there, cud Etart north in the spring. I bad tee north pole iever, which so often catches whalers. and I wanted to steal a march on every one else. On Octobez 7tb, a sail was sightsd far away to the north ward, and I wondered whether seme other fellow had my ides. However, i had not much time to wonder, for co sooner had we sighted that sail than it began to blow from tbo south- south east, and in a few hems wa found ourselves in s most terrific gale cf “ As it was blowing my way, I scudded with the wind fer tarty-sight hours, try lait observations as err nocn position, giving lat. 73 leg. iinin. nertb, and long. "leg. STrnin, west. How far beyond that we went no man will ever know. My reckoning was entirely lost. I had no idea where we were. The cold was Intense, ana great bergs loomed up in all directions, the sea breaking agiiast thorn ti-it-i the air with thunder. In themidsi of this’.Ts-inspiring scene I was astounded by homing the cry, ‘ Hail he!’ “She was no: more than three miles sway. She was a vssssl cf vsry old build, with a high-poop deck, and she was under ali plain sail going like a phantom, and soon disap peared. I best :: the southward for four days, fighting against head seas sue through ice, when the sun rsme out, and I got strata ' to determine out position. Where do you suppose we were V “ Where!’’ we cash asked, eagerly. “In lat. Slier. -77ccin. north, and long. 10.log. -Iduin. west. How far north cf that wc had been tha: we should have taken four days to beat back, is beyond me to guess.” “ V.'ini became of the strange ship ?” I asked. “ I am sj-nln: to that- ’-ve wen; into winter-quarters in Mosel Bay. In thesprins we made cx:rrei:rr cn sledges, end cn one of these wa found our phantom. As we rounded a point "_es£ the men cried: 1 Sail he! There she is again!’ '■ And eburu ~-i cur old a-qralntaure.siili rirginfl < .slid snd slarmiog. T ,-J and law. over her decks a: d in suaxct.vtt .i*o ._5 'bin5 bui frund so sigES ct eiiher Ufa : death. T739 vass ccsiios from her . i-'sncrntrs, when l saw. pinned to tha E rhi„bWith an cld-fashicned dagger, Ca ;a-a of oaesr. yellow with age, containing ° me” fain! writing in a strange language. nn-n -Auc ever it, on reiurr.V.g to my own Jp a DM.m sailor said it was in bis touaU but s-"38 c£ tha wata3 wera now cut of UEO. It read thus : “vChristmss, 1735 a.o. H ihic day wa must leave the ship. Wa l,flTc been without food? save one ptarmigan, to two days. The ship is fressn fast in the ° with all her sails set. and we are not .trnni* enough to furl them. We must try pfroBC enong to find land, where tha savages may feed ns or out ns oat of our misery. Wny dtd wa ever seek for health in these froasn seas! It is—” And there the writing bseama illegible." “ And did you yon leavs tho old ship there?” asked Fred. ^ “ Ko; wa barnt her. She had been career ing over the deep long enough, irer- fing fast when winter came,and set loose in tha spring, for C3 years. “ And is this the strangest thing that ever happened in your experience at sea?" I 8"“ Yes, by far tho strangest." “That beats the Young Bhccuishollow,"" ssid the first mate, going below. Wo were silent for a moment or two. Thou Saiumy Scurlcs earna rattling down from the maiutop-maat head, crying "Hera comes a breeze." Bj .0. , 