«IRAETHOM'S SECRET; OE, | A FALSE POSITION. ! By ADELINE SERGEA5TT, I Author of 'The Great Mill-street Mystery,' ' Jacobi's Wife,''' 'Under False Pretences,'' 'No Saint,' ' A Life Sentence,' ' Deveril's Diamond,' &c;, &e.; j (Published by special arrangements with the author. ? All rijdits reserved.] j Chaftee XIX. — The Heimess or the Fctuue. 1 ' You must have Miss Paston down again, said Sir Anthony to his wife next day during his occasional morning lounge in her boudoir. 'Indeed, I would have her every night, if I were you ; her singing is uncommonly attrac tive.' 'I shall not have her down again,7' said Lady Kesterton sharply. ' Indeed ? Why do you deprive yourself of such valuable help Y' 'The girl is a flirt, a born coquette, a brazen faced little creature who gives herself airs | about her voice, Juady Ktsterton burst out , ?with sudden vehemence. ' I will not have her I in my drawing-room to make eyes at meu and try to attract their attention. It was scanda lous the way she behaved.' Sir Anthony laughed. - 'Pardon me,' hesaid gently, 'but for once I must say that you are mistaken. She was in ! my sight from the moment we came into the room to the moment that sue quitted it. I ob served absolutely nothing wrong with her manners.' ? 'Men are very easy to hoodwink,' said Lady Kesterton contemptuously. ' Pardon me again. / am not easy to hootl- j wink.' i 'Well, in spite of your penetration, Anthony, you do not know all that went on. Lady Beltane happened to go into the hall jusO after Miss Paston went out, and there was Lord Beaulieu talking to her — almost with his arm round her — disgraceful !:- ' I saw that Beaulieu admired her a good deal,' said Sir Anthony, There was a peculiarly grim smile upon his face. . j 'Considering the plans of the family re- ' specting him, I think he might have better : taste m this house. He is as good as— ivell, almost — engaged to Betty Stormout.' 4 ? Beaulieu is a free agent. He^will never propose by proxy. He Is a dolt, but he is a good fellow. I always liked Lionel.' 'Then of course you will do your best to help me in preventing this flirtation from becoming an entanglement,' said his wife in her severest voice. ?'Why do you call it an entanglement ?' Lady Kesterton gazed at him iu despair. ' Beaulieu and a nursery governess ! A girl who has no family, no fortune, for all I know, no name. A scandal — a disgrace V 'You are in error, my dear,' said her husband coldly, 'and you are on the road to making a very_ great mistake. I know, the girl's history if you do not, and I say, advisedly, that Elfrida has name, family, and fortune sufficient to satisfy even Beaulieu'a friends, unless they insist upon a title, which of course she hasn't got. So if those facts are likely to affect your estimate oJ the girl by ail meaus rectify it in good tune.' Lady Kestex-ton actually turned pale as she continued to look at him. 'Anthony, what— v:)uU do you' mean V she cried. 'I mean exactly what I have said.7' ' Do you mean that she ia— of good birth T ?'Certainly.' He had never said so much before. 'Anthony, tell me who she isT said Lidy Kesterton with white lips. He looked at her and smiled. 'That is my secret, my dear. You will know some day, but not just now.' ' At least, tell me she is not ? ' ' I shall tell you nothing, and I do not wish to be questioned. When I want you to know I shall speak without questioning. In the meantime you had better be civil to the girL' His wife kept silence for a few minutes. 'If she is as you say, why did you let me make her the children's governess ?' 'It will do her no liami. You need not be gin to treat her as an heiress — there's mauy a fclip 'twixt the cup and the lip ; and she may get nothing after all. Just go Gn as usual. Be decently civil.' Lady Kesterton needed the admonition. She certainly would net have been 'decently civil' without it. As it was she reserved to herself tlie scolding which she had at fksti intended to administer to Elfrida on the subject of her dress, manners, con versation, and style of singing; and contented herself merely with a touch o£ more stiffness and coldness to the girl than usuaL Sir Anthony's communication nad both startled and frightened her. It revived an old fear of hers that Elfrida and Heury might prove to.be Sir Anthony's legitimate children, in which ease hef own cherished Gerald and daney would be completely di.-pos.ses3t;J. Of i;-U- *!ip had forgotten thU ftir. But it rcro 1 i:j. g:.!:ttt and cri:-]y wnv before her eves. If llialcnuM be the possible .explanation of the c?r'.- nc- haired of iieir against K'frida and her bioi4i(-i'«-uld be. too great. J.»i»rmJ.y after her conference with Sir An thony ?lic wc-nt to Lady Beltane's room— Lady Beltane had enlightened her the night before a* to what :-!;-? had wi-.u in the hall— and enter tained l:ci- with a recital cf what her husband had sj, id. ' 1 am sivov ing o,nit-- frightened about that Kill: «*ln- M'l-ins deKtiiied to 'upset everything,' i-Uc saj*.!. 'You were quite right, J leatrice. ; shej;-. a very dangeroup young woman.' '3 always s:i!-l ?o,' JJeatrice. rejoined con teni)/luon;-iy ; 'and it i^ my opinion that Hhe will lie niiij-c il:m£(-roiiH to uv than to you.' 'What do vtiu mean ''? How can she !-c ♦ hot? If t-li-- v.vic ti- taUo .J:-.nivy's place- -and tliat, wietehed crippled boy vure. tin- eldest '? My -le:.r Kvu. ,1-,jft 1,,. ridiculous. H th.-y wire hi- k'giiimsiiti children, Sir Anthony would i.( vi.-i- h;ive Merited them as he lias donu. (Jf ct.U!.;e- -v.-ryli'Mly lias always tiitmgli that (lir;y vfi; lii* cliiklreji, but tliat hu was not, piojniiy liioi'iif-d to tins mother. Il is nut Ij!«.1v tli:-1. Uiey me anything e!se.:- i ** I'm 1ii.-k.-ivs they are— well-In, ru.': ! 'Tin n lln-y :n-i! not hi:- children at all. but ? iii.s fi i-T.iiV'. as hi.- has always said. Don't Ij'j j £o nlisui'Vi, I'.va. The friend was a inuvs of Ix-Uer ]«..-iti'iii tliau wo have supposed, that's \ all, ;u-\ liuHl.it the children a fortune. Sir j Anili'.iiy if right ??niiiigh. It's no use bullying ? Uio giil, him- is it, any «?'-? H» changing your j liumic i to lid- Kfi that she or oilier people filial I hi-jm-vI tii:U. yun know something more ! aVxiiit lit-v.' j 'Tliat, is true, .MisriU-ioi ; you havo plenty j \--f --oiii-ii--ii stiiw-.'' i 'Of eoun-f 1 have; T am not such a fool as people t:-l;e me for,': said J3i;atri(:e a, little liitti'i-ly. '1 am old enough to have learnt , wisdom, T suppose.'' ? She weut to her mirror :us slip, spoke aivl ; looked at herself with a sort of dBguufc. Tliu I n^oiniiig light was not favorable to her com plexion, wonderful although it sometimes ap- ! |K-artd nt ni-*ht. In the daylight it was seen i to be patchy and uneven; it had lost the soft i clear tints of youth. Lady Beltane did not j show lieiself in the morning ; she breakfasted ( in her own mom, and w.xs invisible, to all bub her maid iind some of her most intimate friends until one o'clock. | Eva, looking at her dispassionately, thought how clumsy Beatrice's figure looked in the | richly- tinted dressing-gown tliat foil from her ; throat to her feet in voluminous folds of changeful silk and gold ; her own slim, flat- I chested form in its light tweed gown was much i more to her taste. I 'What did you mean by saying that Miss ! Paston was more dangerous to you than to '? me ?'' she demanded presently. : Lady Beltane turned away from tlie looking- j glass with a flash in her eye. ! ' She is dangerous in every way to me and j to my family. What does the girl mean by i carrying off men's attention from everybody else? She has not yet had time to win their hearts, I think ; but their thoughts? We have no claim on Beanlieu, but he was always in tended to marry Betty Stormont, as you know. Beltane will be furious if he finds that's off. And what girl of spirit will put up with a man ? whom she hears of as embracing pretty gover- i nesses in the hall V i 'Isn't that going a little too far? Do you j think he absolutely— embraced her ':' said Lady Kesterton, with a shocked air. j ' If not he came very near it ; and I've been \ questioning Betty this morning. It seems that [ Beaulieu always goes to the west wing when he comes on pretence of visiting Henry Paston. The young people meet together there ia the i most indecorous way.' ! 'That went on before Elfrida came back,' '? said Eva, who had spasmodic fits of justice now and then. j ' Yes, but it needn't go on now. The boy l was supposed to be lonely ; he has his sister now. As it is Beaulieu — and Betty too, for the matter of that — spend hours, I believe, in . that west wing.' ; ' You must tell Betty to keep away.:: ? ' As if I had such a lot of authority over Betty. Why, you know the child has done as she liked ever since she was born. Besides, that would not drive Beaulieu away — and he goes to see the Paston girl now, whatever he did before. And then -there ''. is Philip — Philip!' ? ' She was always a pet of Pbllitvs.' i ' Yes, but he never used to talk about her. ; Last night he raved — raved — simply raved about that girl and her voice !' ' ; ' Silly of him to do that too you,™ said Lady Kesterton drily. ' But really, Beatrice, don'6 ! you think it is a pity to pin Philip so closely to ; your side '! It was all very well when he was a j boy ; but be is three or four' and thirty now, j and you — well, you know what you are— a very j well preserved woman, but not, of course, in | your first youth. If you could but grasp that fact and let Philip amuse himself elsewhere.'1 i 'Philip is welcome to amuse himself else- ! where if he chooses,' said Lady Beltane. S'ao : spoke coolly, but her eyes flashed again with a i dangerous light. 'I certainly never wished him to remain single for my sake. But if he marries I do hope it will be with somebody ! respectable— not with a girl of such doubtful antecedents as hers.71 ] Lady Kesterton was silent ; she was turning over mauy plans and suggestions ia her taind. ; ' I wonder,' she said at List, ' whether we could get anything out of old Watson. He is a great fool, although honest as the day ; aad even Anthony says he is not the man he used to be. We might try him.' 'Try by all means,' said Beatrice, 'but I don't think that he will say a word more than you husband allows him to.' ; Eva was determined, however, ubt to lose a chance. She sat down at one^' and wrote a note i to Mr. Watson, asking him to call upon her, This note she sent into the town by a special . messenger ; but tlie man, after some delay, re- i turned to tell her that Itlx. Watson wa3 nob at '?? his office and that he was reported to be ill. | Lady Kesterton was at first rather disposed to question this statement ; but unfortunately it: I was confirmed by further testitimony. And two days later news was brought to the Park of the j death of John Watson, solicitor, from an un. : usually short and sudden attack of pneumonia His partner and his son would continue to ae? for their clients ; but many men and_ women i knew that they had lost a friend iu John Watson who could not be replaced. ; Amongst those who mourned his loss Elfrida and Henry Paston were to be numbered. Ever since their earliest days they had memories of Mr. Watson. When ' they were little children he had been reserved and silent, but seemed to , look at them with kindly interest, which, as they grew up, developed into a kind of paternal affection. It was he who practically ; acted as their guardian ; paid them their pocket-money, arranged with Terry for their expenses. He had always been fond^of Henry ; '. and since he had seen Elfrida at Seaford^ lie ; had become one of her warmest admirers. The brother and sister grieved sincerely for his . death and felt themselves more alone thau . Lady Kesterton thought it very absurd that ! Miss Paston should have cried on hearing the news until the state of her eyes made it impos sible for her to come down that night. She had giown almost accustomed to having Elfrida in the drawing-room alter dinner. She looked i after her pretty sharply and scolded her after wards if her demeanor had not been rigid enough to satisfy Lady Kestertou's yiew3 of propriety, but the possibility of her de- : veloping some day into an independent young woman of fortune made Lady Kes terton hold her hand. Elfrida's life was not an easy one, but it would have been far harder but for that restraining influence, for which she had more cause to thauk Sic Anthony than she knew. Aud evening after evening Elfrida had sung and played and talked to the old ladies, and made herself so useful that she was very much missed in the drawing-rcom indeed. 'Where:s Miss Paston 57' said Sir Anthony to his wife in the course of the evening. He spoke in an undertone. ' Everyone is asking me that question, Lady Kesterton replied irritably. ' ' Crying in the west wing over old Mr. W atson s death — though heaven knows why.' Sir Anthbny smiled, pulled nib long mous tache, and moved away. He was not very sorry that W atson was dead. His death left Sir Anthony tolerably free to do as he pleased. There was no one likely to re- ?? monstrate with him now on the subject of his conduct, past, present, or to come. Mr. Wat son now and then permitted himself that liberty. There was a parson, Sir Anthony thoug'ht, a man who might do mischief if he *were alive; but he had some reason to think that this man too was dead. At any rate, he had disappeared for some time from the Clergy List. And— after all— he could not harm any- I one; at worst he could only precipitate the publication of Sir Anthony's plans. j Sir Anthony Kesterton had never desired to no any permanent injury to those with whom he was connected ; but he was, above all . things, selfish and indolent. He hated j '? scenes,1' he hated trouble and criticism, and ! change. He had always prided himself on ' never explaining anything.' Things generally explained themselves. Unfortunately, as he was beginning to realise, things sometimes explained themselves in a wrong way, which needed later on to be set right. He began to ^foresee the speedy necessity of ex planations in a certain direction, and it had iiritated him to think that Watson might de mand them. None of Watson's successors should ever have the power over him tliat Watson bad had. Thus musing, he quietly left the drawing room and betook himself to the west wiug parlor— a place which he seldom visited, lie had a fancy to see whether Lady Kesterton had been speaking the truth or not. Perhap3 she had made Elfrida cry by scolding her for some trivial misdemeanor. Perhaps this grief S for old Watson was a mere pretence. He hai 1 the curiosity to kuow the truth. The door of the parlor was ajar. Thore seemed no light but tiiat of the Sre, aud iudec-d, as he soon disc j^is.1 ?*?!». sittiag-rjooi w\\-. empty. He walked fWff.'r -iH' *'* i:*5m and at once distinguished a mni-'-Tav ' of voices from he adjoining apartment. Hew/ pad gone to oed and Eifrida was sitting breW b'n. Sir Anthony hesitated for a motuouC «-n. v; then he drew near to the door of communiKvt^311 and listened. The first sound that fell upon his ear wao a long sobbing sigh. Then Henry's voice. ' L'on't be so grieved, sweetest. If we Iptlr I lx-lieve w^iat i» have been taught all our lives : v;r. knew that he has gone home.' ' That is vei-y weii to say, dear ; but ;ill I ean think of is what we have lost.' 'Isn't that rather selfish, ICltie:' ' I (an Hellish,' .-oiid Elfrida. 'No, tliat you an; not. tree ho'.v good you are to me.' j 'Th:it is nothing. You are iny brother— I fart of myself. We have very t'uvv people to I care for ami we should be simply unnatural if ive did not love, one .-mother. Jint Mr. Watson was a real friend and wo have not so many friends that we can afford to lose them. Oh, y«S I an- selfis-li ; although I should be jnst as eoiry for his doalli if he had never been abl« to help us in any way. Yet i know I am all the 'more sorry because we are helpless and poor and dependent and he is not here to help us.' Henry made a little, sound of dissent and for n minute or two there was silence. Then the boy said gently — 'Well, I see a way out of that too.1' ' You always do, dear ! What is your way ?'' 'HI were well and strong, Elfie, not a poor helpless cripple as T am — yes, yes, I will speak —you would not feel yourself so lonely and dependent, would you '; Well, then, in reality you are simply grieving for me and my loss; for if I were an well and strong as you neither of us would look on Mr. Watson's death as any tiling but a personal misfortune ; we should not think of it. a3 afinctins our destinies.' 'I suppose su,' said Elfrida a little dubiously. 'Then doivt you see that your grief is entirely unselfish ''' ' No, I don't, you dear boy ! I believe tliat you are very clever.at sophisticating tlie truth when you want to make me happier. But after all — I don't want you to think I am sorry only becau&e; we shall miss his kind offices. No, it is because I shall misH the man — the dear, kindly, funny little man, who used to try to be sso pompous and invariably broke down in the attempt. He was more like a father to ire than anybody we ever knew, don't you think?7' 'Yes — perEaps,' said Henry, with some hesitation. Then, half below his breath, ' except Sir Anthony.' The unseen listener moved involuntarily, What on earth did the boy mean ? 'Sir Anthon3' P ejaculated Elfrida. 'Yes, Sir Anthony. He lias done such a tremendous lot for me, Elfie. And I always liked him.' 'Even although he struck you?' ' He did not mean to hurt me — it is nonsense to say he did. A child may easily be pushed down and accidentally hurt. Sir Anthony would never have done such a thing as to hurt me on purpose— you confuse the cause, if that ivas the cause audits effects.71 '1 don't care,' said Elfie decidedly. 'He does not seem to me at all like a father —any body's father, least of all yours, and I do not like him and never shall. I liked old Mr. Wat son much better.' ' But I like her,'' thought Sir Anthony as he moved away and went through the long pic ture-gallery to the drawing-room. 'And I like the boy too. Curious ; for I once thought that I never should. Have I not done them in jury enough? Suppose I settle it all and put the matter straight. I should have done it be fore _ if Henry had not been a cripple. It is Elfrida's birthday in a few weeks I know; suppose I put her into a rightful position when she is twenty-one — upon her birthday night 'i' But — man proposes and God disposes, Sir Anthony, aud the righting of wrongs is a thing not well to be put off for one and twenty years. CuAi-Tirn XX.— Is Masqckrade. ' What can it be ?:- said Elfrida. She was surveying, -with curiosity and dis quiet, a letter which had just bren brought to her. It came from Mr. Watson's office in Southborough — of so much she was sure^ — but she did not know anyone who would be likely to wiite to her in that place. ' Open it,' said Henry, 'and see.' She tore open the big businesslike envelope ?,nd found that it contained another envelope and a note from the late Mr. Watson's son, stating that the enclosure had been found in his father's desk. The enclosure— a sealed envelope — bore this superscription : — 'To be given, at my death, to Mi?s Elfrida Paston, now resident at Kesterton Park, Kes terton, t?outhshire.7' Then followed a date — more than ten years before. Elfrida's fingers trembled as she opened it. Was it possible that she was about to learn some secret that had been kept from her all : these years 't | No ;_ the enclosed letter was simple and non committal enough. It contained merely these word.? : — ' If Elfrida Paston should, after my death, fall into any great perplexity or trouble, I ad vise her to seek out the Reverend Austin White, formerly Curate of St. George's, Bloomsbury, now Vicar of St. Fillansiu-tae-South, Bishops gate-street, London, E.C. It is very possible that he would be of great, use to her. It is iny earnest request, however, that this intima tion be kept secret from any but Elfrida Paston and her brother Henry.' These lines were sunply signed with the writer's name. ' What a curious thing,1' said Elfrida in a I low voiee. ' Who can this Mr. White be?7' ' A clergyman — and that is all we are meant to know,' Hoary answered. A flush rose in his pale cheek; he looked anxiously at hi3 sister. ' Don't let it trouble you. Elfie. Put it away and forget it until you are — as he says — in any perplexity or trouble ; and let ns hope that you never will be.' \- ' But does it concern only me ? Why was it addressed to me 'i' 'Because, dear, ten years ago nobody thought that I should live to my present age. Mr. Watson thought that you would be the ! only Paston left.' j ''Ah, Paston, Paston !' cried Elfrida, rising to her feet. ' What a simple little name it is, and how little we know about it ! Do you remember Lady Kesterton's question? 'One of the Somersetshire Pastons? Ko, we are not Somersetshire nor any other sort of Paatons ; we have no relations — no history. We are practically waifs and strays '.'' ' We are to know more some day,' said her brother, with the look of gentle patience which always bad an eifect on her, even in her bitterest words. 'Sir Anthony has told me so. Be patient, Elfie ; perhap3 there 13 nothing good to know.' 'I would rather know the worst than be kept in ignorance. Henry, were there not some relations of ours once in the village? — some people called Derrick, to whom mother belonged ? What has become of them ?' 'They have all left the place and gone to : Kbrfolk, where they came from, I believe. I j asked Terr.v once to find out. The rumor in j the village is that Sir Anthony paid them to ) go !' ! 'Ah, then, there is something which we j might have been told,' said the girl, looking at ] him wistfully ; ' and Sir Anthony was afraid i that we should hear it. I know now.' j She moved away to put the letter into a safe I place and Henry was left alone, meditating on ! the words that had been said. He was still j alone when a hurried, imperative little knock j came to the sitting- room door, and in answer j to his 'Come in,' Lady Betty made her j appearance. ' Is Eltie here ? Oh, I have such news — such : delightful news for her 1' ' ' isot for me too V ' Oh, yea, I know you will be interested. But it is more interesting to frivolous girls than to »eu,'7 said Betty, in her coaxing, nattering way, as she stt-od smiling blithely, with — aU the same— a touch of the softest pity in her eyes. 'Therefore I ought to tell it to Elfie first. '' 'It is a party or a new frock,' said Henry, as if speaking confidentially to the wall. Then, turning again to Lady Betty — ' Elfie is in her room. She will be here directly. But you ' can't wait until she comes, you know. Relieve i your heart and tell me now.' ' Well, you're right, Ican't wait and I won'6. Sir Anthony has promised to give a fancy ball. Lady Kesterton tried to make him say no, but he insisted. And it is to be while we are here — three weeks on Thursday ; that will be the eleventh of December — we are going to stay all j that time !' 'The eleventh?' said Henry. 'Ah, that is ! the day before Elfrida's birthday.' : 'Is it really? How delightful ! It is all the i more appropriate. Because you know I am : rather a favorite of Sir Anthony's, and I always flatter myself that I can wheedle him out of anything ; so on this occasion I got him to show me some dear old books in the library, and then I got him to talk about the ball and about Elfrida. I said, you know, how pretty j she was aud what a shame it was that she . should not get any fun. and he quite agreed , with me. So we laid a little plot ? ' ' You did, you mean !' 'Well, I did; but he is my accomplice. And Elfie is to come to the ball, and I may arrange her dress for her ; only he wants her to be dressed like the Lady Elfrida in the picture gallery — I have often fancied I saw a sort of resemblance, and he says he sees it too. And here is the key of the old press in the corner of the picture gallery ; he says he be lieves that Lady Elfrida's very dress is in that press and Elfie may wear it if she pleases.' She ran off to find her friend, dangling the key on one of. her slender fingers as she ran ; and Henry, again left alone, knitted his brows with a sensation half of bewilderment, half of fear. Was the matter quite so simple as it seemed to Lady Betty 1 Was there any reason why that particular day — the eve of Elfrida'a tiventy-firss birthday — should have bt-sa chosen fov a grind i,A\ la w[\i^ &-.= vr^ fc- apt-ear in ti.-s costume of a eei.--bvav-j4 K.siat1 j ton beauty cf the tiyjr v.ben -.^oi-=s e«» Xhir* was king; ;~.ii- Antiioiiy \\\a-~ not a ai*p =t» I concern u-.m^if about triftr-s ?.v.-« f.,r ail Ci j cecdmgly good lea-...,,,. \viiy should hs a'J and abet Lady li-tty Stora^nt in lrilv:i-;*' Line otic m borrowed i-aim&uK; Aud !-y so -ia-iik probably bring down Jjadv Kwsertoa'* heaviest wrath upon ;:--r head. ' Tij*io 36-juin-l ! to Henry, in spite of his habit of looldn* cm tti? sunniest side of things, something chum^c r- so/netfiing ominous in this mode of Hroz&xijg.; It wa?, pi course, easily conceivable tha? .s'u: Anthony did not kuow that the tat itch y& December was Jilirida's birthday, and this ta*J date of tlie l«i!J had nothing to du with li-ir :i? all ; but Hem-yV niiH;md sensitive orariaUati.:*!* had begun to j-ero-iye the pre-eui-j of * threatening soitietliinjr in t!ie air — a uiys^ry, * catastrophe, he kneiv hoc what, b'is mysi-ita'.a^ vaguely amiss : anri he. w:i* trvins ia ali possible wa-s ffiar-r-iniiii fr.r tV liiYwnttnnriS that troubled him uwit than he wouZ-i ha.-w liked to allow. Troubled him hr-eause li-? had foiinl niu* than once that it had been follov.-eil by disaster. A chronic in valid i« sometimes more eonsc'a'.i-* than healthy pt-oplo of die approach of d!.--e;v^ or death or misfortune. Aud perlia;* Henry had miieiitftl a touch of the clairi-oya::S faculty which Iii.s grandmother wan mra-irwl fc.i have brought in ancient days aliiii.it t..i ti!r? point of divination and prophecy. Elfrida cam-- in presently with tt-jjh-rl' cheeks and whirling -:y-'-£ ; she had had her c ?'?- ferenee with Betty, an-l no precmnitioss of evil disturbed her mind. She was yvx-.v^, pretty, ready for «i iovment, and tht pi-.w.v-i-s of appearing beautifully dressed at a bail v.here perhaps .she would be found worthy --f admiration in the eyes of the one nwn who** „ opinion she cared for — this prospect was ti-.iijr alluring to her. ' Betty has tokl you ?' she said. 'Yes.;I He forct-d himself to sinili-. 'Wh-re are you going to investigate the treasure* -:-{ the press ?'' 'This afternoon. It is Saturday, you fcanw. Betty and I will dvess up and'exhibit our selves for your benefit. Nearly everybody wiil be out ; there is some great occasion in Soath borough and all the people are driving over ti- meet royalty ; so we shall have the place fc» ourselves.' 'Undisturbed by vagrant men,': comment---! Henry, with a rather mischievous Iw's. ' Even Philip and his bosom friend have goas to the fete, I suppose.' ' I suppose so. At least I don't know v.-h36 you mean by .Philip's bosom friend,' said Elfie rather consciously. But she. did not stay to hear the name ; slift knew well enough that it wa3 Lord Beaulieu whom Harry meant. 'What stores of things for 'dressing up!'7' sighed Lady Betty that afternoon as Terry and Elfrida helped her to ransaet the two oak chests of old, forgotten garments which were stowed away in dim corners of the picture gallery. 'One would think they had never been routed out for fifty years or more.' ' Dear heart, but they are musty,' said the somewhat disgusted Terry. 'And they'll want airing before you young ladies put them on.' ' They are strong of camphor and lavender and sandal- wood and all sorts of nice things,' said Elfrida. 'I don't mind the mustines3 one bit. What a delicious brocade ! Look at it, bow it shimmers! Now if I could wear that !' 'Wait a- minute,' said Lady Betty wish rather an intent look at the brocade. 'Let me look at something here — yes, it is as I thought. Elfie, that's the very identical pattern ; you have hit on Lady Elfrida's own brocade 1' Elfrida ran to the picture — it was one fchafe startled and repelled her at first, and then drew her with a singular charm. The likeness thati she recognised, without fully comprehending, had a curious effect upon her.' But at this moment she looked at the brocade rather than at the delicate, listening face ; and then alie smiled with pleasure. ' Yes,' she said in rather a low voice, ' it is the very same.' *' And here is some lace,7' said Lady Betty eage ly. 'Now run away to your own rooin and try the things on, Elfie; that Ls tlirr brocade, and here — oh, here is the rose- colored satin petticoat. You will be quite perfect if the dress fits. I must come with you, aad Terry too.' And so it happened that as the dusk of the autumnal day was gathering Philip WinyatM, entering the picture gallery on his way to visit Henry, found himself confronted by a' biavsiy clad fantastic figure that looked as if is had stepped straight out of the frame oi the picture near which it stood. It was Elfrida, who hid been left there for a minute while Lady Betty ran back to her room for some forgotten orna men, and the old-fashioned dres3 so much in creased her likeness to the painted Lady Eifriia of 17S5 that Philip could not repress a 'sudden Etait. ' Is it really you, Elfrida ?' 'Me or a ghost,' she answered, laughing: rather tremulously, for there was something ia the likeness between herself and the dead woman whose clothes she wore which rath?? weighed upon her nerves. ' What do you thnkof it?' 'It is curiously like,'' murmured Phil:;*, with a strange sort of apjirehension in his eye*. 'Yes, is it not? Of course the dre«3 makes one look so like the picture. You see we found it all; the rose-colored petticoat and the brocade sacque— cream-colored, embroidered with differently shaded flowers aud row colored knots of ribbon. Lady Betty is trying to find some pearls for me ; you see sh-e . wears a pearl necklace iu the picture ; aad then I shall be — perfect.' ' You are that already,' Philip whispered. There was a queer little thrill of admiration, of longing, of suppressed emotion, in his voice. Perhaps Elfrida did not notice it; perhaps she refused to attend ; at any rate, she wen& on tranquilly. ' And of course I shall have to have my hair powdered. It is for the fancy ball, you know ; but you must not tell anyone, Sir. Winyates : it is to be a secret. Have the other people come back yet ? If so, I must go away.' 'No; nobody will be at home for the nest hour or two. I left early. But where did you get the dress, if you don't mind my asking?' 'Sir Anthony wishes me to wear it. Ha sent the key of the oak chest by Lady B^tty, to see if we could find it.' She turned again to the picture and contemplated it steadily. Perhaps she did not altogether want to ob serve the expression of utter bewilderment which was making itself visible on Philip's features. 'You should go as Montro3e, or Straflord, or Charles L,' she went on quietly ; 'you have their cast of countenance.' ? ' I hope I am not quite so unfortunate as they,' he said with a laugh. He was trying to recover from his surpr:.-»e. She glanced at him slightly. 'There are many ways of being unfortu nate,' she said, pulling at one of her;lace frill.* and wondering where Betty could be ; ' and you have certainly a rather tragic kind of faoa ' Belied by my history.' 'I don't know.' She gave him a keener look than before. 'You know there are tragedies in the lives of most people — failures of hope, of aspiration and effort, which are ly t written out in plain hand. But you bare more traces of a history than most people.' 'And pray what is my failure or my tragedy V said Philip, a little piqued. 'How can I tell? Effort, I should think,' :' the answered with a smile. ' ' Effort ? Failure of effort. I do not at all understand.' ' Of course not. I was only talking non sense. What should I know about it ? (I wonder where Betty can be.) I was only tiiinking that life must be very quiet in thi3 little country place, and that you mu3t have, suffered — or perhaps failed — forgive me for saying so — before you could have allowed your self to drift so listlessly down the stream.' A dull red flush rose to Philip's brow as he . listened. How was it that this child had laid her finger unerringly on the one sore epot in his life — the failure of his earlier aspirations, the gradual content with the languor of idleness ? And how had it come about ? ' You are right,' he said with some emotion, . ' more right than you suspect. I have been— I ain — a failure in the {world. I have written a little, but I have not done half what I might have done and I have worked for my own pleasure only. You can understand, you caa . sympathise. I have never met with a woman before ? ' ' Betty ! Betty !' cried Elfrida, catching sight of a figure flying past the door that led to her room. ' I am here ; come.' 'In a moment,' said a clear distinct voice. ' I broke the string and had to pick up all tha beads up. Wait where you are.' 'No, I will come to you,' said Elfrida hurriedly, but as she turned to pick np her train Philip laid his hand softly upon her wriafc. 'One moment, Elfrida. I did not mean to offend you. But will you not listen to me V She paused and looked at him. She had always liked his face ; she had thought it re fined, melancholy, gentle. Shehadalao thought it of late somewhat irresolute and weak, but there was a new light in his soft brown eyes, a new expression of determination about the get of his lips which intimidated her a little. ' Why should I listen just now ?' she said, 'I am thinking about balls— and chiffons. IS is not the time for a discussion on character or fortune.' 'But there are some things that will not be left unsaid. There are some things which a woman mvist know in tlie long run — way should they not be told at once? Elfrida, I love you — I love you with my whole heart. Could you not — some day — be happy a3 my wife?71 Had a bombshell exploded at Elfrida's feed —had the earth opened and threatened to swallow her up— she could not have been much more surprised. The instinct by which a mature woman can tell whether a man admires her long before ha . has put his admiration, into words « uo& fully «!t. veiled ⅈ si e^ste, ami Elfrida, was as yet tainted to Icvemaking. Philip Winyates had \ aJways seemed old to her — a man -who used to ! teach her and ecold her in her baby days — it ! was absurd to think of his asking her to foe his j wife ! In her perturbation of mind she began j to laugh hurriedly, but the laughter had within I it a sound of tears. [ ' It is impossible, Philip,' she said. 'Oh, ! quite impossible !' ! ' But why, Elfrida? Could you not care for [ me V' ' Ob, not in that ivay. As a friend, yes, but ; nothing else.' 'Why say so in that decided way? Think a little ; take time. I don't want to hurry you. : Is it because I have been so idle 1 Have done so little in the world ? With you to inspire ! me, Elfrida, I feel as if I could conquer any thing.' ; 'Oh, but it is uo use my thinking or taking time, or any tiling of that sort,' said Klfrida, in i her outspoken fashion. 'I could never care , for yen. And besides, I cannot believe— it is not possible ? ' \ ' Ah, don't say that you don't believe ia my ' krve for you 1' ' But how can I ? You have known me for j a few weeks practically — that is all — and may ! I eay everything? — you have cared for some ] one else for a great many years, at least, if all ; the stories that I have heard are true. Your j old love cannot have died so suddenly.' j ^ 'It has been dead for years. Oh, believe that, Elfie, at any rate. I know whom you | mean. I have kept up an old friendship and j that is all. I ceased to love her many ytiars j ago ; when she gave me up to marry a richer j man.' She gave him a quick, searching look, then ; shook her head sadly. j ' } am glad that you do not care for her. I was zvld you 'did — stilL But that makes no difference to me. I do not love you ; and if 1 do not love you, how can I be your wife?' 'You might iearn to love me, Elfie. Will you not try?3 She sighed aud shook her head. 'No,:' she said softly, 'I cannot even , promise that. I can promise nothing but to be your friend.' - 'Here are the pearls,1' cried Betty, entering with a somewhat whirlwind effect upon the scene. 'Put them on, Elfie ; and now— now Jook at her, Mr. Winyates, and say if she is not absolutely perfect !' (To be continued. ) ? ? 