WES LIS YA N S UN DA Y SOllUOL ' ANNIVEHSAKY FAREWELL TO REV. HEN'RY BATH. THE anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sunday School on Sunday last were strikingly successful. The church' was attended _ hy crowds during the day. The Rev Henry Rath conducted the service in the morning ; in the afternoon the Rev j. M. Jenkins addressed a large gathering of parents and children ; andiu ihiTevcning Mr Bath again preached, his text being taken from Saint Mark, loth chapter, 13th' verse : “ And they brought young children to Him that He should touch them. ” What a glorious opportunity for the parents and for the children ; with all that was written of Jesus Christ, with all we knew of him we could realise-a little what an opportunity it was for parents to bring their children to Jesus Christ that he might touch them. What would we not give for such an opportunity ? The only wonder was that many more did not take advantage of it; the only wonder was that everybody did not do it; that they did not bring the children out of every village, er every hill, that He might touch them and bless them. Rut only a few knew who Jesus was. It was natural to love one’s young children. But what did we desire most for them ? We anted education. Well, it was cheap enough. Let not the Bible be left out, however. Did we want them to be placed in business or in some position of social advantage? Did we want to see them fed and fed well, clothed and clothed well ? Very likely ; but they had souls as well as bodies. What a cruel, " unnatural thing it was for parents lo love their children only with reference to their bodies, not even recognising that they had souls at all! What were our children ? Were they simply animals of a superior type ? When Jesus took thescchildrenin his arms, his sympa thetic charity looked upon them, lie knew wUnt -nn in»sl Mimblu 'trotlrtUrQ it WXV* lllAt W39 put into His hands ; He knew the priceless gem that was enclosed in that casket ; buried in the light of those infant eyes there were flashes of intelligence 1 flashes of the image of God impressed upon them. We did not know what was in the life of the child. But it would begin to pulsate and throb on for ever; the light of those eyes would never be ex tinguished . There was a life there that imagination could not anticipate. Then, what were we going to do with the children? Where would we like them to be? Would we not like to put them in Christ’s arms? That He would only look upon them ! Rut Jesus not only touched the children, but he blessed them. Were we to seek salvation for ourselves, and have no regard, or no precautionary regard, for our children? If there was one thing we had to guard against more than another it was the destruction of domestic Christianity. The integrity of the family was God’s great institution, though there was something coming upon society that was making a direct and satanic attack upon Upon the integrity of the family the whole social order depended and was consti tuted, and whatever broke up the family broke up Christian society, and brought about moral chaos and pandemonium. We wanted more of family religion ; something that belonged to the family as much as the morning meal. Had fathers got so sceptical, so unchristian, so in human as to bring their children to have them baptised in the name of the Talher and Son of the Holy Ghost. Had they the love of Christ and yet forgotten what John Runyan said in the " Pilgrim’s Progress ” about the necessity of taking their children to heaven with them ? The Divine mission on earth comprised not merely the reconstruction of society upon a Cluistian basis, but the restoration of family life which was consecrated and sanctified and blessed by Christ. The covcnanant made with Abraham specially included the children, and the promises of Christ were extended “unto you and your children." St. Peter said Christ would have broken faith with the children if lie had excluded them from llis church. Mary’s heart throbbed with emotion, such as mother's heart never throbbed before, when she presented the child Jesus to holy Simeon, who took him in his arms ; and the only filling tribute ever paid to Christ during His mission on earth was when the children sang “Hosanna to the Son of David ; blessed be He that comcih in the name of the Lord; Hosanna in the highest”; and if Jesus were to visit this town the children, who were most like Christ, would be the first to take Him by the hand. A distinguished sculptor once undertook to carve a model of Jesus Christ from the woids “ Suller little children to come test of his success to leave the identification of the statute to the children ; his first effort was completed and submitted to them without result, but the second was at once pointed at as Uinst, and the artist therefore felt that his art task "nphcd’ Hc hacI succeeded 111 Ins • eI.r.Bal-h obsm'ed that it would be scarcely right to give a special farewell as his stay had been so brief He felt like a wayfaring'man having travelled about for more than thirty years, causing a feeling of homelessness to grow up 111 one s heart. Williamstown was not his home, and the place he would go to next would not be his home. He was leaving Williams town with many regrets; and lie wished to recognise the kindness by which he had been uniformly treated. It would always be a pleasure to him to renew and keep up the brief acquaintance that had been formed. lie was pleased to inform them that the incoming hf, „Tn3 T0Urasin° worker, and he and his excellent wife would no doubt receive the to'hhnSUPPOrt M had bcen so frccly accorded The musical portion of the service consisted n some choice hymns, for the rendering of which the chi dren had been splendidly trained y tr U . bait. The attendance at the even ing service crowded the building to its utmost m every part, and many were unable to obtain admission. In view of die success of the anniversary it lias been decided to repeat the service to-morrow, when the liev. W. Presley rendered™10 ^ tllC same ]’>’mns will be The tea meeting was held in the Schoolroom on Tuesday evening and was largely attended two sittings being provided. The tables were presided over by the Misses Jones, E. and A. Smith, E. and L. Ilaslam, Harvey, Crane, Ryrne, Hick, Rath, Bowen, Anderson. Taylor, ’ *rrf bobbins, Thompson and Elstim. ,xJi -Prb 1C.m-cetlng was held in »><-' church, the building being again filled. The Rev II bath occupied the chair, and delivered an address on Sunday school work, thanking all for the extreme kindness that had been shown to linn and his family during their stay here. lie had been sent here wilhout being consulted and was being sent away in the same manner; he had not used his influence one way or another, but left it in the hands of the Conference. Mr C. Grubb, secretary of the school, read the annual report, which showed that there were OYer 400 scholars on the roll, 1200 books in the library, and 204S books had been issued during the year. The office-hearers for the ensuing year are.— Mr W. Salt, superin tendent ; secretary, Mr II. C. Sutton; librarian, Mr A. Salt; treasurer, Mr II.’ Taylor ; assistant librarian, Mr A. Ilick.-junr. The treasurer’s report, read by Mr Evans, showed the receipts to hc £42 11s 6d, and the expenditure £53 4s Gd, the principal items being for new hooks for flic library, home missions, and prizes. The prizes won hy the scholars were then presented by the chairman. The special prize given to the senior female class by Mr C. Hohnberg, superintendent, for the best essay on “The Relationship of the Church to the School ” was won by Miss Fry. The essay was read to the audience by the winner. Mr Evans proposed a vote of thanks to the leader, ,the organist, and the singers, which was seconded by Mr Taylor and carried. Mr Byrne proposed a vote of thanks to Mr Bath for his services and to the ladies ; Mr llolm bcrg seconded the vote, which was carried in a most hearty manner. Mr Bath suitably responded. During the evening some excellent music was rendered by the scholars, 