Tlie Wedding Ring. Its History Suns Back to the Begin ning of Recorded Time. . ' -???. **'? ?? ' la Anoioat Days It Uoed as an Em blem ol Betrothal—The Important Part I* Ploys in tho Mac tiago Ccromony ot ? the rrosont. ? ? It is on inaontrovcrtablo foot that ovaty womtm feela a oertniri interest in tho anbieet of wedding liuRs. And, indeed, it is natural enough that this should* ba bo. Tia and Bymbol boyond aught else of the mosS im portant crioia in a woman's life, tha wedding ring must neco?sarily bd fraught with fascina tion for wife and maid, for old and young Qllko. V. i'P v ?fy a3 nowa 'kai tinga were worn in old Bible' day?, thongh what pair they ' originally played in the nuptial ceremony is not eo clear. But. at any rato thoy form an important portion of: the wedding service among the modern Jews, the regulation! in force among them on thia head being very striot, The ting must in every ea?e be ex amined and certified by the officiating rabbi of the synagogue, to make sure that it ie ot the prescribed value, and the eimple opera tion of plaoing it npon the finger is eo bind ing that thie alone, opak't from acy other portion of;the ceremony, ' is considered to constitute & legal marriage. ? In point ot foot, however, it isnotfrom the Jews, but from the Bomans that the nations of modern Europe derive their wedding ting. Among the ancient masters of the world, rings were commonly noed as part of the rite of betrothal. But it irworth while to notioe that there was one special difference be twoen the ancient and modern use of riaga in this respect, In their original employment they were really not wedding but betrothal' rings; that la, they were given nnd taken as the pubuaexpression of a man'e promise to a' woman that ha wonld marry her, Ab a learned writer has told Da in regard' to the early Italians;" a man who wished to pledge hie faith to & woman, placed a ring upon her finger, which ia at the present day preserved for tbo benediction of marriage," Two points are thus to be remembered— that in the old daya.there were two distinot ceremonies—the betrothal , and tbo actual wedding—both of whioh were equally es sential to the full solemnisation of-a mar riage; and also that tho ring .was originally used, not for the seeond oeromony, but for tho first. Such waa tho ou?tom during the pagan era; and eo it remained throughout the early centuries of Christianity. Marriage even then, and for a very considerable period afterwards, waa regarded in the light of a civil contract only, and was entered into be lore a magistrate; while the ring itself was used as the symbol of promise in tho pre liminary rite of betrothal. Gradually, however, these two ceremonies becamo merged into one by the Jobs on the part of the betrothal of ita first formal character, For borne time after this, and in consequence of it, there was no small uncer tainty in tho use of the ring, which was not unfrequently left out of tho business alto gether. But, after awhile it reasserted its importance, and once more came into general Use. Moreover, it now began for the first time to limit itsolf habitually to tho single hoop of plain gold—a form which has become inseparably connected with all our, modern notions otwwhatt t the wedding ring should be* thus bo seen—to tbo surprise, doubtless, of not a few readers—-that tho wedding ring is not a, Christian institution at all, but rather one which we have inherited, along with bo much else in our oercmoni&l;, directly from ola?sioal antiquity. This leads tho writerto mention a curious point in con nection with ita common employment* In pag?n Borne the betrothal ring was worn on tho third finger (the one next to tho little finger) of theleft hand, as it is to-day. This position is said to have been ohosen from tbe belief—unfounded, of course—that there was a vein or nerve running direotly from that finger to tho heart, a belief that was accepted, not alone by the ignorant masses, but also by the learned men—the doctors and philosophers of the time. But in early Christian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon the matter, as a reault ot whioh the ring was often placed and worn upon tho woman's right hand. In the old Saulsbury Manual, is found Bpeoifio reference to this fact in a very singular pas sage, which throws eomo interesting light on lha eubjeot of tho wedding ceremony in general. From thi? we learn that tho bride groom was to receive the ring from theprie?t, who bad blessed it (and this blessing, it may be remarked, is still hinted at in the marriage service of the English Episcopal church); and then holding the right hand of tbo bride in his own left hand, ho was to reeife the words " With thio ring I thee wed." Then he was to place the ring on the right-hand thumb, o?jing: "In tho name of the Father then on tho first finger with tho words : " and of the Bonthen on the second finger, adding: "and Holy Ghost," and finally, with the words closing: " Amen," on the third finger, where it waa to remain. But in oourse ot time uniformity was established in Javor of tho left hand, and there is no longer room for question concerning this important point. Of courso, no one acquainted with the marriage service of the English Epis copal churoh needs to bo told that it iB absolutely necessary, according to tho ritC? ot that ohurob, that a ring should bo employed. But beyond the simple ordinance that a ring thero must be, the ohuroh makos no specific conditions, so that (ourioua as it may ap pear) a ring of any oiao or weight, material or pattern, will serve the purpose perfeotly well. It is naturally enough not often that ono has to ohroniole any departure from re cognised eusiom in this regard; but such de partures do from time to time ocour. A story is told of two paupers "who came to church and requested to be married with tbe ohuroh key, as the parochial authorities had not furnished thorn with a ring." The olerk, it is said, not unnaturally, felt "some delicacy " about this, and finally found an other way out ot the difficulty. Ho fetched an oldourtain ring from his own house and with this extraordinary artiole tho loving couple were duly united in the bonds ot holy matrimony. But, though this particular olerk saw fit to he?itate, tho ohuroh key has been employed, and that more than onee, in tbe placo of tho ring during the last hundred years. Even tho Duke of Hamilton " waa married at May Fair wi.th a bed curtain ring." Nor doea thia by any moans exhaust the list ot eooentrio makeshifts. To give my ono other instance, it is a matter of history that n lady was once married with a ring ot leather out transversely from the finger of the bridegroom's glovo. Thus tho plain gold hoop now sanctioned by long usago and surrounded as it is by □ntold associations, ia by no means so es sential to tho marriage ordinance as moat people supposo. Indeed, it is only during more recent years thatithas been accepted as tbe only peeper form ot wedding-ring; tor in former days rings used for marriage were 'requently chased, or set with stones, or in roribed on tbo insido or outside with names, ii itials, or mottoes. One might give a long lii t of these mottoes, or poaiea as they were but it would hardly bo found interest ing iu?truotive; tor they were not as a rule distinguished by great poetic ability or marked originality ot thought. So it'appears that the wedding-ring, like all things human, has its history and ita romance. Nowadays it may indeed bo said that its adventures are well nigh over. Per haps bo. Bui, be that as it may, the writer feels Bate in prophesying that so long as hearts beat in unison to the BBme hopes, tho same aspirations, the same desires, bo long will tho wedding-ring keep its hold npon us all, as the enduring symbol o! faith and sacrifice. Vah Dodeb (indignantly}: "I am not quite o fool, Miss Amy I" Amy : " No—not quite." Citwin: ?' Whero'a your fathsr 1" Tin roll in : " He's ehinglinV OUer : "Ths barn ?" Urchin No, Tommy." 