There are some people who exemplify the characteristics of the horse-leech. It is impossible to satisfy them. Ap parently the chief aim of their life is to live for self, and the burden of their cry is, ' Hovr naooh can we get V* That make up of disposition has been exemplified in a variety of ways by a section of South Australians, who for a long1 period have been practising wire pulling to secure the carrying of the Blyth and Gladstone Railway Exten sion Bill. Having gained their pur pose as regards the passing of the Bill, they seek to have a 'finger etill further in the pie.9' They must needs dictate to the Government how it should be constructed. We ascertain that a movement is being made at Georgetown and other townships along the proposed route to induce the Go vernment to have the work done with out calling for tenders. It is to be hoped that the Ministry will not act on such a suggestion. If the railway is to be made by all means let it be ten dered for in the usual way. The work can be done cheaper when let by con tract, and moreover the tender system i* admitted to be the fairest and best. We are aware that the more remote portion of the transcontinental railway was constructed by State employed labor. And we are ready to admit that the work was done well and economi cally. But owing to the distance of such portions of railway from the centres of population, and the supposed difficulty in procuring labor contractors in tendering would have allowed a large margin for contingencies that might arise to increase the cost of the undertaking. It is altogether different with the proposed Blyth line. It passes through a settled district, and not far from large populous centres. In that case it is but reasonable to suppose that contractors would cut the work very fine, and by having the line constructed under the tender system the State, might save some thousands of pounds. It would appear that the persons to be immediately benefitted by the extension are not yet satisfied. They want to profit by making a pile for themselves under a costly system of State labor. It is to be hoped that the Government will not countenance such a suggestion as the residents of Georgetown purpose bringing under its notice. It the principle is worthy of practical application on the Blytb railway extension why not make it apply to all State undertakings ? Let the construction of reservoirs for the storage of water, public buildings, our mail coach system, and ia short all contract work be done away with, and make Government the sole employer and paymaster. Such a system would be hailed with delight by all who have a liking for the Government stroke. Parliament, becoming filled with labor representatives, would enact laws mak ing four hour* per day the period for labor, and the pay increased fifty per cent, on the present rate. Land, of course, would bear all the burden of taxation, the single taxer's dream would be realised, and what would be the result ? We will not an ticipate, though we wish to em phasise the fact that those colonists who want railways for their personal convenience, without considering whether they are needed for the require ments of the State generally, are help ing to retard the genuine progress of the country. Equally disastrous must be the introduction of suoh systems of labor as will increase the cost oi pro duction. We are aware that there is a section of the community who think they can drain the State milch cow with a iree hand without exhausting the supply. There are rabid theorists amongst us who would have the State take over the leases of the Moonta mines, and work them for the sole benefit of the miners. They would have the State break covenants with the land owners, repudiate their claim to it, and divide it amongst those who covet what is not their own. How long would there be prosperity under such a system t Yet on every hand we see attempts made to overthrow the existing state of things. Worthy colonists who have borne the burden and heat of the day, who have toiled it may be for nearly half a century to make homes for themselves and theirs, are now spoken of as oppressors, whose inheritance should be either taken from them or be specially taxed to compel them to surrender. '1 he politicians who can ignore the just rights of capi talists and employers of labor generally, and advocate high wages and every thing found for the class who were wont to labor, are cheered to the echo. Our remarks may by some be deemed extravagant, but they simply run on the Hoes laid down by certain labor advocates. They are either blind leaders, or reckless ia the extreme, caring only for popularity though it be at the expense of the well-being of society. JNo wonder that financial ex perts, capitalists, and statesmen of Great Britain are regarding with some alarm the social, political, and moral trend of the Australian colonies. Beautiful for situation is the capital of South Australia. Towards it Nature has been lavish in her adornments. Bow grand and picturesque the background with lofty ranges, deep ravines, and fertile elopes. The extensive park lands in and arouud the me tropolis, tastefully laid out and planted, con tribute to the beauty of the surroundings, besides affording recreauon ground - for the city and suburban populace. With an eye to future requirements the Government has introduced a Bill to set apart a large area of hill country within an easy distance of Ade laide as a national park. The idea is worthy of being carried out. The Commissioner of Crowe Lands in moving the second leading of the Bill thus refers to the piece oi land, ' It waB originally the country seat of the Governor, and a very comfortable residence waB erected thereon. , . . As a rail way had been cona true ted through the hills, and there was a railway station in the vi oinitv. And th« land nan finally r««f-lierl a more suitable place could not be secured for a national park.' Seeing there is a disposi tion on the part of the legislature to pass the Bill we think this a fitting time, not only to commend Parliament for its action, but to ask it to bestow a like favor on the corporate town of Clare, which is destitute of park lands, save about one acre divided by the Hutt River, and which is utilised by frogs bb their musical rendezvous. We therefore appeal to the residents of this town to have an eye to the present as also to the future, and therefore petition the Govern ment to purchase a suitable piece of land in the vicinity of Clare as a public park. We would not ask for a block of 2,000 or 3,000 acres with a palatial residence erected thereon like the proposed ' National Park,' but say eighty or one hundred acres. This town and suburbs have a strong claim on the Government for park lands, for they have never received any State favors. The land of the district was purchased and the cash in full paid into the Treasury. That cannot be said of many centres of population which are favored with park lauds. We do not grudge them such a luxury, only we are de sirous that as Clare is an important town it may be put on a like footing. This dis trict was refused a railway, though one was agitated for before the lines now to the east and west of us were thought about. But un wise counsels prevailed in senate or some, where else, and the direct northern route via Clare waa discounted for others less pressing and more circuitous. But inasmuch as it is unpleasant as well as unprofitable to dwell on past grievances, we ehall make no more references to them. We, however, urge upon the residents of Clare to at once bestir themselves in securing from the State a piece of ground for park lands. It is the intention of the Government to expend a considerable sum in laying out the 'Na- tional Park,' making drives, and other et ceteras. An annual grant will also be re quired to keep the ' park' in order for the comfort and convenience of the city and suburban populace. Under the circum stances the Government and Parliament cannot with consistency ignore our claim. Let a meeting be called without delay to talk the matter over, and invite the mem bers for the district to it. Were a deputa tion to wait on the Government and put tun unco lairijr no iujuu xu nuiuu uo outci tained. Festival. — In the WeBleyan Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening last the Clare Recbabites gave a very pleasing entertain ment to a large and appreciative house. Brother Smith gave a song, which satisfied the auditory, and Brother Reynolds in song told them all about ' The Old Folks at Home.' 'Marley's Ghost' was exhi bited by several magic lantern viewe, the connective readings being given by Brother E. J. Scott. Brother W. Taylor, on behalf of the tent, presented Brother Gooding with a very handsome emblem on the occasion of his successfully passing all the chairs. Mr. Gooding in a few appropriate words thanked the lodge for the token of esteem and re spect. For about five minutes Mr. W. W. Win wood dilated upon ' Pictures of Every Day Life.' The singing by the Band of Hope choir waa a feature of the programme, and their efforts were duly appreciated. After Bome dissolving views bad been shown the festival was brought to a close, all seeming pleased with the bill of fare. Dav Wobk on Bi.tth and Gladstone Railway. — The Hon. J, H. Howe asked in th« Aflanmhlv on Tuesdav whether the Go vernment would consider the advieableness of constructing the Blyth and Gladstone Railway themselves instead of calling for tenders for the work. The Hon. T. Play ford said the Cabinet would consider the question . — Register. Gable Nbwb. — The following London telegrams ere from the Adelaide dailies : — An official report of the circumstances attending the recent earthquake in Japan gives the total number of persons killed at 4,0'JO and the number injured at 5,000. Fifty thousand houses it is added were destroyed. — The Maverick National Bank in America has suspended payment. The liabilities of the Bank are set down at $8,000,000. To meet these there are only $6,000,000 available, showing a deficit of $2,000,000. — An express train has been derailed by the act of some miscreants at Jaesy, in Roumania. Four pereons were killed and 20 injured. — Fresh Nihilist plots have been discovered at St. Petersburg, Charkoff, and Odessa. — Mr. J. L. Toole, the celebrated comedian and his company, who were recently in Australia, are now touring Scotland. At Coatbridfje, nenr Glasgow, the audience resenting the increaned prices for admission to the theatre, guyed and pelted Mr. Toole, who vainly appealed for order. — The present stocks of copper in England aud France amount to 64,100 tons, The quantity advised from Chili end Australia amounts to 5,700 tons. The month's deliveries in England and France consist of 9,400 tons. — English wheat is firm at an advanced price of la per quarter. Foreign wheat has risen from 6d to la per quarter. Bachelors' Ball.— On Wednesday even ing last a most successful bachelors' ball took place in the Town Hall, Clare. The fancy costumes were very pretty. The worshippers at the ahrine of Terpischore spent a most enjoyable evening, and all went weil as the proverbial marriage bell. Influenza. — It is with regret that we have to report the death of Mr. J. Berridge, sen., who succumbed to a severe attack of influenza on Thursday morning. The de ceased was an old resident of Clare and much respected. Service of Song-. — On Sunday after noon next our WealeyanVfriende purpose treating the Clare public to a new and original service of song, - compiled and hymns written by Mr. G. F. Chinner, the music being composed by his brother, Mr. W. B, Chinner, one of the leading musical talent of Adelaide. Mr. G. F. Chinner has chosen the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh chapters of St. Mathew's Gospel — Christ's sermon on the Mount — as the basis of the service — ' The Christian Magna Charta,' This service has been given in Pirie street and Parkside with very favorable comments from the Press. Clare is honored by being the first country town which is given the privilege of this service, as all rights are re served by the Messrs. Chinner. . We under stand that about 150 voices will take part on Sunday afternoon. Stanlet Agricultural Show.— On October 16 the above show was held, but owiag to the inclemency of the weather in the afternoon all the items on the pro gramme were not carried out. However, on Monday last the list was completed, consisting principally of jumping. The at tendance was fairly good. A number of on lookers were outside the ground, as they murmured at paying a shilling entrance fee. Four hunters, 12 stone up, entered — viz., Brit, Dandy, Speller, and Silver Kiog. With the exception of Speiler the lot jumped well. Brit secured the verdict, and was well ridden by Mr. R. E. U. Hope (owner). The same school entered for the best jumper. Brit again proved himself the most clevex horse, G. Webb piloting him over in capital style. Dandy was awarded second, and he jumped well. Mr. Bertlesmeir'a Sterling won the pony jump ing, Mr. W. I. Quinton's Sandy coming second. Dandy won the consolation by 5 feet 2 inches ; and Silver King was the next best. Another diversion was entered into next — a chase after a pig with a greasy tail. There were several competitors and their futile attempts to capture the porker were a fund of amusement to the spectators. Eventually B. Pittaway was the prize winner. A quoit match resulted in a divide for the prize between M. O'Brien and May nard. The weather was a)l that could be wished, and a pleasant afternoon's outing was spent. In the evening a meeting of members was held in the ln6titute,Clare. The sheet, and to fix the date of the next annual ?how. There was a large and represen tative gathering. Mr. W. Kelly was voted to the chair. The secretary submitted the items of expenditure, which were heavy owing to the extensive improvements that had been recently made on the ground. The prize awards were considerably in ex cess of the previous year. The energetic secretary, Mr. Davey, had, however, suc ceeded in getting in a large amount in the shape of subscriptions, and hence the Com mittee received the pleasing intelligence that, notwithstanding the outlay, there would be a small credit balance. Some of the members who bad not been in the habit of attending the Committee meetings asked several questions relating to the working of the society, and the answers given were accepted as highly atatiaractory. It was decided to hold the next annual show on the Wednesday nearest to October 8\. Votes of thanks were accorded to the judges, and the gentlemen who assisetd in the arrangements on the day of the show. Wesleian District Meeting-Middle District. — The annual meeting of the middle district of the Wesleyan Church was begun at Kapunda on Tuesday, October 27, there being present the Revs. R. M. Hunter (Chairman of the district), T. Lloyd, J* Hopkins, H. H. Teague, J. Gillingham, G. W. Kendrew, S. Rossiter, W. H. Hodge, and W. A. Milikan. Dispensations of ab sence were granted to the Rev. C. Lane, who was suffering from influenza, and the Rev. T. E. Thomas, M. A., who was detained in consequence of family breavement. The usual questions relative to ministerial charac ter were asked and answered satisfactorily. The loan fund grant of £400 was allocated as follows, Kapunda parsonage, £100; Mintaro parsonage, £100; Clare church, £100; Rivetton parsonage, £100. The home mission grant of £70 to the district was divided as follows : — AngaBton curcuit £25; Euduoda curcuit, £25; Templars circuit, £25. The entire cost of property was reported as £47,827 0s 4d and the entire debt remaining as £6,052. The cost of new erections and enlargements during the year was £74 9s. The number of church members was 1,088, and there were 9 on trial for membership. The Sabbath school scholars number 2,701, and the attendants at public worship 6,525. Currants and Raisins. — We note that the steamer Essen, which arrived at the Semaphore on Tuesday last, brought as a portion of her cargo 800 tons of currants and 100 tons of raisins, having called at Patras for the fruit on her trip out. This represents a money value of £37,000 for articles which could be produced in the colony. ? 