THE COEBCION ACT IN r IBELAND. The Coercion Act, as it is called, was no longer in force in some districts of Ireland; The truth is that it is now in force in a comparatively small portion of the country. But nobody says that it has been repealed, and it is extremely undesirable that it should be. It is a permanent law. It is the law of the land. The operation of its rigorous provisions may be suspended, when the condition of the country does not require them ; but they may be brought into force again at any time should there be an outbreak of lawlessness. This, in the eyes of Nationalists and G-ladstonians, is the most evil feature of the Act ; TJnionists, on the other hand, consider it one of its chief excellencies. The history of Coercion in Ireland is a scandal to British legislation and Imperial government, and it is so chiefly because of its fitful and spasmodic character, and the evanescence of its, , effects. Ireland has always been liable to outbreaks of crime and disorder, and it has been the traditional practice to pass special Acts to deal with fresh outbreaks, and repeal them when order has been restored. Grattan's Parliament, ' to which Nationalists now look back as to a sort of golden age, passed special Coercion Acts at the rate of three per annum. The Imperial Parliament has never been quite so prolific; but it has alWaysj up till the time of the Unionist Government, adhered to the old bad system, of intermittent coercion. It has: passed many Coercion Acts, and. repiealed them when the special need 'had passed away. The conse quence. has been that the need has always arisen again, and that of coercion thbre has been no end. The evil was not only that the repeal of a Coercion Act let loose the agitators and permitted the renewal of disorder, but that considerable time had 'to elapse and much evil to befall befbre a fresh Act could be passed. There had to be evidence of a decided eruption of lawlessness before Parliament could be asked to legislate, and in' the meantime crime was active. A worse system could not be imagined, and it seems now to be very strange that it could have prevailed so long. It is to the credit of the present Government that it has put an end to it by passing a per manent Act. The agitators and the people of Ireland generally know that if disturbances or lawless conspiracies are renewed the Irish Government can at once put the Act in force as to all its provisions. So long as order is main tained and the ordinary law respected its stringent provisions will remain inopera tive. The criminal history of Ireland under the old system is a history of the putting down and the rising again of lawless dis order. There is a disturbance or con spiracy of some sort, and a period of excessive crime, oftenest of an agrarian character. Then a Coercion Act is passed, and under its operation exceptional crime gradually disappears, criminal organisa tions are broken up, and respect for law and order seems to be established. Then the Act is repealed, and the country again put under the ordinary law. But the supposed blessing becomes a curse, for with the repeal of the special Act the agitator and the plotter come forth and begin to prowl through the land. Con spiracies are renewed. Outrages break out afresh. The ordinary law is set at defiance, and crime prevails. For a time the Government of the day struggles to deal with the crisis by a vigorous use of ordinary means, but sooner or later comes the inevitable application to Parliament for a fresh Coercion Act. And so the vicious alternation goes on. It is often said that Coercion has been a failure. Coercion has never failed. The effect of a Coercion Act has always been a more or less speedy reduction of crime and out rage. It is the repeal of coercive Acts that has failed. It is the ordinary law that has failed. The history of the last ten or fifteen years in the counties of Clare and Kerry is a good example. Before the Land League agita tion began, there had for some time been few outrages in these counties. In 1877 and 1878 there were only 13 outrages re corded in each year. The League was started in 1879, and in that year there were 34 outrages recorded. In 1880 the League became powerful, and the number of outrages swelled to 389. In 1881 it mounted to 614. In 1882 Mr. Glad stone's Government passed one of the most stringent of Coercion Acts, and in that year the number of outrages dropped to 514. It took some time for the Act to take full effect. But in 1883 there were only 201 outrages, and in 1884 the number fell to 155. Next year, 1885, a great mistake was made. The Act was to expire in that year. Mr. Gladstone went out of office without having taken any steps for its renewal, though his Government were of opinion that some of its provisions at any rate should be renewed. They left the odium to fall on the Conservatives, and the Conservatives, not unnaturally, but, as the event proved, most unwisely, preferred to take the risk of governing by the ordinary law. They allowed the Act to expire in due course, and in that very year the number of outrages began to svvell again. It mounted from 155 in 1884 to 268 in 1885\. In 1886 it grew to 350. Matters were steadily becoming worse, and in 1887 the Unionist Government passed the present Act. The number of outrages began at once to fall. In that year it was down to 261, and in 1888 it fell to 155, and it has continued to fall until exceptional outrages have practically disappeared. But suppose that the Act were to be repealed, does any one doubt that history would repeat itself, and that outrage would again start on its brutal career ? The present Government have 'at least taken care that the Act which prevents outrage shall not, like its pre decessors, cease by lapse of time. Instead of passing it for a period of years, they have passed it, like any other measure, without a time limited. It may, of course, be repealed,, and the Gladstonians say they would repeal it. If they ever get the chance they may do so, and take the consequences. The responsibility will he on the, Government and Parlia ment that repeal the Act, not upon the Government and Parliament that passed it as a permanent measure, at the same time making provision for its suspension when it is not called for by exceptional crime. Besides the generid complaints about coercion, there were, of course, particular complaints against the action of the Go vernment and the police and the Magistrates on various occasions. Tip- perary was referred to as affording examples of evil administration, though it might be thought the Nationalists would be somewhat shy of drawing attention to a stage on which they have played a part at once so discreditable and so disastrous to themselves. The old grievances were trotted out. It is one of the crimes of the Irish Government that a Magistrate has sometimes had to try a man for breach of the law whom on some former occasion he has been in conflict with in his capacity as local head of the police. In some parts of Ireland it would be difficult to get a Magistrate to try one of the leading agitators who had not at some time or other been in executive collision with that agitator. But it is even argued by the Nationalists that no Magistrate saould sit in judgment on an agitator, whom that agitator has ever abused. If Mr. Dillon has calumniated a certain Magistrate in a speech, that Magistrate is henceforth to be regarded as for ever disqualified to try Mr. Dillon. This is an example of the sweet reasonableness of the Nationalists. Mr. Dillon could soon diqualify every Magistrate in Ireland from trying him for an offence. Most of the grievances complained of by these Irishmen are of this nature — either trivial or unreasonable, or wholly imaginary. They could not deny that the condition of Ireland has improved under Mr. Balfour's administration ; but they denied that the improvement was due to the Administration. They were not ingeni ous in finding other causes. When, for instance, they say the improvement is owing to better .trade, everyone knows that the better trade is due to strong and just government. Mr. Balfour spoke temperately and modestly in reply to the charges brought against his administra tion. The public will ascribe to him greater credit than he claimed for him self. He was quite willing to admit that other causes had contributed to the im provement in the condition of Ireland ; but he confidently claimed credit for the Government for the public works they had instituted and for the relief of dis tress. In reply to the complaint that Ireland had not yet got a measure of local government, he observed that if the Government brought forward a measure on lines similar, broadly speaking, to those of the English and the Scottish Acts, he did not know if the Irish mem bers would support it. Mr. Healy assured him they would, and he then said he hoped tney would soon have an opportunity. The opportunity will prob ably come next session, and it will be seen how Mr. Healy stands to his assur ance. If the present Parliament can pass a prudent, and yet liberal, measure of local government for Ireland, it will have done more for that country — if it has not already done more — than any preceding Parliament. - -Scotsman. Surpliced Agony.— Snfferers alone oan picture the unmelodioas tanelessness and dreary alng-scng of snrpliced choirs. The meohanical recitation drill of little boys, backed up with the bewildering lowing and roaring of the singing men, and supplemented by the persistent intrnsion of the " voice of God" (the organ) effectnally succeeds in silencing the congregation. Altar Candles. — Is it not a mean pious fraud to place on the so-called " altar " large save-alls with four-inch candle-tops, and then to hide the join with a piece of gilt tinsel ? We appeal to Dr. Turner, of Grafton and Armidale, as a Vice- President of the E.O.IT. to decide. The burning of lights at Mass only consumes an inch of tallow, hence the evident economy of altar save-alls. Organic Olsease.— The Vicar of Burwood has discovered that services fail to be bright and hearty, when the organ is not played. This great wind instrument always seems to interfere with any response as if it mnet worship God, whereas the poor blower behind has not a breath left in his body wherewith to say a prayer, but then that does not matter. In Thibet the bright and hearty theory is more logically conducted, for prayers are written on bright bits of paper, and attached to a praying-wheel driven by the wind.' These prayers are certainly not iong-winded, but they rotate merrily and nu8t therefore be hearty. The hearty res ponse of the whole congregation in the natural tone of voice is however far prefers able to machine piety and choir drill. Tlie Cliillan Victory. — We suppose the . slaughter in Chili is now nearly over, and some repose may be hoped for under a new government. From all that we canlearn of the struggle, it appears that the party of liberty and lawful government has won, I and the party defeated under President Balmaceda were the party of reaction and absolutism. The republic of Chili entered a few_ years ago, into a determined struggle against the old regime of popery and priestcraft which had oppressed and corrupted the Itod. Liberal ideas became dominant ; and few countries were more rapidly progressing. The old popish and Spanish leaven, however, began to break out afresh. The priesthood worked through the confessional, and tyranny once more threatened liberal institutions. The victory at Valparaiso and at Santiago is a victory over that reaction ; and ought to establish right and freedom. A few years ago, as we recently showed, the Pope put the republic under the patronagh of the Immacu- late Virgin. It had before been under St. Jago, or St. James. The Pope it seems can put down saints, and set up others in their place I The meaning of the change was to give an impetus to the reviving reactionary spirit against liberal principles. But neither St. Jago, nor the Immaculate Virgin has done the reactionists any good. They are com pletely overwhelmed. Alcoliol.— Two years ago Dr. Fitz gerald, of Melbourne, used the following weighty words at the Medical Congress : " First, then, with regard to drink. . You all know how inimical to treatment its effects are, and how great is the misery it occasions. I have no wish to read yon a teetotal lecture. There is, however, one peculiarity which stands out rather prominently, and which I think should have weight with us all when, as medical men, we are called npon to pre scribe spirits as a drug ; and that is the fact that alcohol is much more potent with us than it is at home. . . . Alcohol, in whatever form it may be taken, is not suited to the climate or the conditions of the people, so that hepatio and renal aff actions are sooner and more frequently engendered by its use than they wonld be under the same circum stances in a colder country. . . . What we have to regard is the great probability of , its continued and over-moderate use being pro longed when the necessity for its employment has ceased, and of its setting up local con gestions which in time destroy the funotions of the organs they affect." Consecration of BIsbop Bar- l0Tir.-The consecration of Bishop Barlow ends the North Queensland controversy, and out of it the Australian episcopate comes somewhat battered in public estimation. Their factious opposition to the appointment . of the Primate was supplemented, not only by raising a technicality to Oanon Barlow, but only three out of twelve Australian Bishops were present to consecrate him. When Mr. Dawes, a member of the English Ohnrch Union and Oonfraternity of the Blessed Sacrament, was made hishop, all came who possibly could ; but now, as many as could stayed away. It is evident that the choice of the people was not to the liking of the bishops. Many Vicars present must have had dancing lessons, for some of them performed acrobatic feats to the altar (?) of St. Andrew's Cathedral that would break the heart of a professional. Considering that there is no altar in the Church whose ministers they pro fess to be, perhaps it was the Reredos or a recently presented piece of art needlework covering the Table that excited their graceful and elegant obeisance. When reciting the Creed, the Dean and numerous clergy and some older members of the Choir faced "square," and others" rounded Eastward. "Softly, Softly, Catches the Protestant," — Edith O'Gorman, the escaped nun, is lecturing in the villages of England in order to open the eyes of the masses. It is not that the villagers like Popery, or the Romish practices now being forced upon them, but it is that they have been left, all too long, to the subtle influences brought to bear upon them, which will surely go from bad to worse if not boldly met at once. A full blown Ritualistic clergyman of the " softly, softly " type goes into a quiet village, backed by the parson, and supported by a few who considered themselves the better classes. Soon a " cross and candles appear cn the so- called "altar." If the people bear that quietly, next comes the " sanctuary " for reserved wafers, and, of course, a " sanctuary light." The communi cants may not have pure wine, but: a little water mixed with it. Later on there is the " Confessional," and if the parishioners do not take kindly to all these innovations, a few. " Anglican sisters " appear in quest of health, and flnding that the air agrees with them they settle down and do a little visiting among the poor, and thus they wrap it up; Now what more is required before the veil is lifted and Rome revealed ? > i Strange if true!— Under the head of Thanksgivings, the little mission paper published at Rand wick, near Sydney, tells the following fairy tales : — " About twenty years ago a Scapular of the Sacred Heart had been given to a man, who, having no piety, threw it into a box, and afterwards led a very godless life. He bad, however, a daughter, who did not follow his bad example, and to whom he was devoted. Lately she became very ill, and was at death's door. In his despair the poor father went to the box men-, tioned, aud taking out the neglected Scapular, exclaimsd " Lord, if there is any truth in what she who gave me this said, cure my, child." Ho fastened the Scapular to: the cur tain of the bed, and no sooner was it there than the girl was oompletsly cured. 'Need less to say, the father's con version, was. the result of the wonderful grace." , ; ; ' . j A MOTHER. : - "I have a son who fell in with etil pom- panions and absented himself froin hoine At last, with two of my childrab I made' a Novena of Nine Fridays, and on tha riinth I was told ho was in a certain place. I went and brought him homo. This, is not all,, dear Messenger. To my joy, after his return he approached the saoramontc at the feast of the Assumption. He became ill after wards, from a bad arm, which had to be operated , on. Two pieces of bone were extracted, and the doctors gave me liftle hope of his ever regain ing its proper use. You have no idea of the dread that seized me lest be might be thrown among his old companions. As I found he was nnable to bend his elbow, I mads a Novena for the Feast of Corpus Christi, and offered up my confession and communion as if he himself had done so. Glory for ever to the Sacred Heart I On that very day he suddenly bent and used bis elbow, and from that time he recovered rapidly, to the aeton-: iBbment of the dootore. Mr. Copeland raises tlie Fiscal Question.— Mr. Oopeland jaiEed again the ghost of the already decided fiscal question on Tuesday night by moving the introduction of protective duties. The thing bad been tried already, and the House had agreed that at present it preferred to attend to pressing measures which are now being discussed, and considered urgent. Whether Mr. Gopeland expected the members 'to change that determination by the cogency , of his arguments for protection, or whether ho merely wished for an opportunity of stating his own views, we cannot tell : but the time was wasted. The motion was rejected by a substantial majority, and things stand as they were. It is unfortunate for airy cause to he constantly advocated by men who are utterly incompetent to put it fairly before the House and the country. We take it that the best argument for protection is the advantage of encouraging and stimulating manufactures, and. thereby employing a large number of workers : and that this advantage countervails the additional expense to the consumer, who, because of the duty, necessarily pays a higher price for his goods. Mr. Copcland however asserted in the House that it was not the consumer at all who paid the duty, but the Foreigner. This is simply nonsense. If we buy' a non- dutiable article for one pound, surely we shall have to. pay at least five shillings more for it, if a duty to that amount be added. A duty is not paid until the goods arrive here, and the importer pays it, and not a foreigner. But the importer must charge as much more to recoup himself. Mr. Gopeland in denial of this, referred to the M'Kinley tariff injuring certain German exporters. Gertainly those Germans felt injured. The duty excluded their products from American markets ; but that was no proof of the foreigner, paying the duty. In fact it is the American people that are complaining of having to pay them. There are good arguments in favour of protection : and it would bo better for the cause, if such childish Ones as those of Mr. Oopeland were put to silence. ' Tbe Australian Flotilla.— The Australian Auxiliary equadron is expected in Port Jackson on Saturday. If the weather continue fine, there will be multitudes of spectators at all available points about the harbour. The event marks a new era in tbe defences of Australian trade ; and our people will feel elated by the additional sense of seonrity. Flection tor Central Cum berland. — Although three freetraders conteEtedthe election, dividing the votes, and so far weakening the chance of their parly, Mr. Garrard was elected by a largo majority at tbe head of the poll. He had nearly double the number of votes given to the Labour candidate, and more than double those given to the Protectionist. Tbe Collision In Port Pbllllp. —The number of lives now ascertained to be lost in the Eteamsbip colliBion in Port Phillip, is twenty. three, two of those formerly mitsing have arrived safely by another ship. It is hard to say as yet who was to blame. There evidently was strange apathy and delay in rendering any assistance. Persons who heard and saw the signals paid no heed to (hem : and the captain of the snnk ship accuses the other captain of negligence. The inve8ti;;n-. tfon will perhaps throw some light oh the" matter. It ia a fearful blot upon pur mari time arrangements, that one' steamer should, cut another in two in smooth water, in a land locked bay, and apparently while both were in full view of each other. 