Nicholas Nubbles Says : Mr. J. Rodda, of Wellington, father of Mr. Frank Rodda, of Windsor, dropped dead from heart disease about 50 yards from his house on Thursday night. " Flaneur" in the "Freeman's Journal," says: "I remember having once undertaken to prove that St. Patrick was a native of the Hawkesbury and perishing miserably in my rash attempt." It would seem that the " Men of Mark" people are not going to let their alleged subscribers in this or any other district rest. They last week threatened legal proceedings against victims round Kiama and Woliongong. The steamer Hawkesbury has teen completely renovated, and is now a fine- looking boat. It is very probable that if she is not purchased by the H.S.N. Company, she will commence to run in the interests of her owner, Mr. John Bennett, on the Hawkesbury shortly. Mr. T. Lobb has been away for a trip to Mel bourne, and speaks in high terms of the good time he had in the Southern city. Indian hawkers are becoming intolerable nuis ances in the district, and dog- owners who contem plated giving their canines away, now that registration-day has come round, had better re nounce the idea, for the animals may prove useful in the near future. Snakes are becoming numerous, but so far we have not heard a really good tall yarn about the vagaries of these reptiles. At Mulgrave the other day, several very large ones were killed in the station-yard. Rev Paul Fitzpatrick, of Newtown, Sydney, has been on a visit,,for the benefit of his health, to Windsor during the week. It would be well, in the interests of the railway department, if tickets for the round tripj^ere made procurable at the Windsor station. At present, tickets via the Hawkesbury to Sydney and return to Windsor via Blacktown, are procurable, but there are none issued which will allow oi a. Wind sor resident travelling by "rail to. Sydney, thence to Peat's Ferry and home again by the steamer. Amongst those who took the round trip to Windsor on Saturday last was Mr. W. H. Suttor, M.L.C., who was charmed with the beauties of the Hawkesbury. It is proposed to shortly hold a smoke-concert in connection with the Windsor School of Arts. Where does the money come from. The sum of /71 5/1 was realized by the Church of England Flower Fete-and yet we hear people say there is no money, and see them pull long faces when tradesmen ask for " a trifle off that little bill." Plans showing the 148 town lots to be disposed of at the Lands-office, Windsor, on Wednesday, October 28, may be seen on application to Mr Gates, local land-agent, and also at this office. A terrific thunderclap, which shook every house in town, even to their foundations, accompanied the hail-storm on Sunday. Quite a sensation was created in town this week when it was currently reported .that the Dora Dora blacks had been captured. The report turned out to be a mere " catch." The feces of several old friends were in evidence on Saturday, including Messrs H. Pateson (of the Fresh food and Ice Company) F. J. Gow (Bridge and Co.) and J. Blakeney (" Freeman's Journal"). A severe hailstorm passed over Windsor on Sunday, accompanied by heavy rain. The hail was large and came down with much force, doing no little damage to the fruit trees. Mr Principal Thompson will shortly dfeliver a lecture in the Windsor School ot Arts on "Ensilage." Every farmer should attend, and learn a few wrinkles on this subject, which Mr Thompson is well able to deal with in a masterly manner. When is that long-promised pamphlet, " A Trip up the Hawkesbnry River '-a!n9 its1 Tribu taries," advertised some time ago, to be published. It would certainly assist, by being widely circu culated, in drawing attention to the beauties of the Hawkesbury. We would again remind those friends who so kindly promised to furnish us with contributions for our Christmas issue that we will be glad to re ceive same up to December ist. We have to thank those who have already sent" screed" along. The Pitt Town Road, near McKenzie's Bridge, is still in a most disreputable condition, and now that the weather has cleared, it is - to be hoped that it will be made trafficable without delay. Why, even the ghost which used to haunt the locality does not consider it safe to travel over the road at night now, and appears to have deserted the place altogether. An illustrated lecture is to be delivered by Mrs. G. £ Ardill, of the Rescue Home, in the Wind sor School of Arts on Monday evening next. The influenza epidemic has reached Windsor at last, and quite a number of people have been "gripped." The perambulating proprietor of a Punch and Judy entertainment occupied the local School of Arts last Saturday, but judging from the very acri monious terms in which he spoke of Windsor and its inhabitants at the close of the day, his returns were not up to expectations. Last week's issue of the "Sydney Mail" con* tained a picture of the design selected for the Agri cultural College building. The structure will be a most handsome one, and its erection alone will make property in the vicinity boom and (he hearts of owners rejoice. The Wilberforce Band folk are to have a concert in Green tree's Hall next week, so we are unofficially informed. The many friends of Mr. John Coleman, formerly Boad-superintendent for this district, will regret to hear that he is yet an invalid, and has come to town to recruit. A publication entitled "The Mortality Exper ience of the A.M.P. Society" is to hand, and must ' prove very interesting to those who dabble in figures. Caterpillers are committing depredations on the young crops, and in some parts of the district they have been completely eaten down. What with dry weather, hailstorms, and floods, in addition to ^gteipilers, sparrows, Indian hawkers and other nuisances, the tillers of the soil in the Hawkesbury valley have anything bat a happy time of it. Mrs. W. Primrose's name was not given to our reporter last week BB one of the ladies who did good work in connection with the Church of Eng land Floral Fete-hence its omission from the list published. Nothing has yet been heard with reference to the proposal to raise the Windsor-bridge. These Government departments are fearfully long-winded; too many curled darlings and influential do-noth ings connected with them. The main-road, too, still remains neglected, al though an official inspection was made some con siderable time since. It is in a disreputable condi tion, and the council ha6 to bear patiently all the blood-curdling anathemas hurled at its innocent members by those unlortunateB who are compelled to use it from time to time. .' The latest horror (says a London paper) is a musicial bicycle. Some kind of barrel organ will be attached to the machine and will play automati cally." Now then for two soul-stirring stanzas, adapted,-to suit local circumstances,-from a con tribution by the " Goulburn Post" bard: When Pye conies down With a thud on bis crown, And Horward falls his head on When Bolton slips And Berckelman trips, And Mortley looks a dead'un ; As down they go 'Twill soothe their woe, And chase all thoughts of horror \ If the organ grind That air refined, " His funeral's to-morrer" Two bazaars and a floral fete have been held dur ing the past month in Windsor and Richmond, the proceeds from which realized close upon £250. Meanwhile storekeepers are growling about the number of acoounts they have on their books, and " hard times, these" is the cry on all sides. -When the baker or the grocer Asks that his accounts be met, Answer's promptly given, " Oh, Sir, We can't pay your bill just yet; Times are hard, and money harder Now to get than e'er before." So he has to keep their larder Well supplied, and hold hiB jaw Still he finds that they are patrons Of each show that comes to town, Midst a crowd of men and matrons In a front chair seated down; And his heart iB filled with sorrow, Till he feels compelled to " hook it"; For he knows they'll send to-morrow, For a bar of soap-ana book it. Mr. F. W. Linsley, with one of his employees, was driving to Wilberforce on Sunday, when both occupants of the vehicle received an un mistakable shock from the heavy thunder-clap which preceded the hail-storm. Neither retained sufficient presence of mind to remember "who frew dat brick," which seems to have struck one's boot and cannoned on to the other's hat. Needless to say, both were considerably skeered. In our report last week of the St. Matthew's Floral Fete we omitted to mention the name of Mrs. William Primrose as having charge with Mrs. D'Arcy-Irvine, of the Work-stall. The petition in favour of the sale of portion of Wilberforce Common is being extensively signed. When on earth is that report with reference to the survey of the Hawkesbury to he finished-or will it ever be so. The job cost no trifling flUta, but BO far there is little to show for it. Surely the survey department requires a rude awakening from its periodical sleep. Mr. P. Mottram lost two dogs through snake bite on Monday. The reptile was killed, and proved to be over 6ve feet long, of the black species. Several very serious cases of influenza are known to exist at Pitt Town. Mrs. Pendergast, of the Terrace, who this week returned from Adelaide, went out to her son's residence, and was stricken down the night of her arrival. The GAZETTE accounts for the past quarter are out, and as cash is needed to make improvements, this mild reminder to our constituents will not be out of place. A shooting party, led by Mr. J. Bowlin, and comprising several Sydney visitors, bagged between 70 and 80 opossums one night recently. Mr. A. Tuckerman killed 18 feet of snakes in a couple of days this week. The reptiles are becoming very numerous, and young couples would do well to keep their weather eyes open when out walking. The boys who attended Mr. J. G. Chapman's lecture on Wednesday were very unruly, and about 20 bad to be fired out during the evening. They managed, to get back again, however, and continuing their interruptions, the ringleaders were again ejected by the lecturer. Mr. J. G. Chapman was wrong in asserting that the use of the School of Arts was refused him. The Treasurer, having heard complaints respect ing his action on letting the hall to Mr. Chapman on a former occasion declined to do so again on his own responsibility, preferring that the com mittee as a whole should consider the application. A special meeting was called, and those members of the committee present unanimously agreed that Mr. Chapman should have the hall. Mr. J. G. Chapman's Lecture. Mr. J. G. Chapman lectured to a small audience on Wednesday evening last, the subject dealt with being; " The Inception and Growth of SacFedotahsm in the Christian Church." He commenced by explaining away several miscon ceptions which had arisen in connection with and since the delivery of his last lecture in Windsor. He said that he had experienced some difficulty in obtaining the use of the School of Arts Cor the second lecture; it had been refused him, but the matter had been brought before the School of Arts Committee, and he was glad to say that the committee had decided to allow him the use of the hall. Though free-speech had not been prohibited, the cloven- foot was there all the same, and it was in jeopardy. In a town like theirs they should have a Protestant Hall, where they could go without having to accept a half refusal of it. He had accused the Rev. D'Arcy-Irvine of writing to a member of the Church Society to try and pre vent him from coming to Windsor, but found that it was not that gentleman who wrote, though the fact remained that a Clergyman did write with the object stated. He had seen a letter written by Rev. B. Rhodes, and which had appeared in a local paper, but it, would have been better for that gentleman if be had never written it, for he had merely shown his ignorance of the subject he dealt with. The lecturer then pro ceeded to explain the character of church worship in the early ages, and traced the birth and growth of ritualistic practices down to the present time. At the conclusion of his address, about hali-a hundred lantern slides were shown, the portraits of celebrated bishops, and others who were said to have encouraged ritualistic practices, being amongst the number. In the latter were included pictures of Ewart Gladstone and the Bishop of Lincoln. The lecture was brought to a close about ro o'clock, when Mr. Chapman thanked the audience for their attendance, and closed the pro ceedings with the " National Anthem" and the Benediction. A number of small boys made themselves very obnoxious during the evening. 