The Naturalist. —♦— Always in Fine Feather. If the old adage that ' fine feathers make fine birds' be true, then indeed the ostrich must possess a mono- poly of value, since it is doubly advantaged on wearing magnificent plumage itself, and furnishing it for the decoration of the whole world. Just now there is a boom in ostrich feathers. All the sir knights have been bidden to replace their fine white plumes with black ones, and the nodding plume of a Knight Templar is always a grand feather. There will be less display in the black ones, but they will be handsome and will not show the effects of wear and hard usage as soon as the former ones did. The shortest, most concise, most eloquent and completest history of the ostrich is to be found in the book of Job, and it purports to be a direct statement of Deity. A local elder who had never seen an ostrich took his family and went to Barnum's circus when it was in Detroit recently on purpose to see the ostrich which travels with the menagerie. The good man did not have much idea of how an ostrich looked, and he inspected every cage in the tent with a zeal and caution that left nothing to the imagination. Having mistaken the pelican, and the cassowary for the bird he was in search of, he finally brought up before the ostrich, and producing a copy of the Good Book, he began to verify the description in Job, his family looking on open- mouthed, and the ostrich trying to thrust its neck through the roof of the cage. ' Here he is—that's the very same bird, children,' he said, with a smack of satisfac- tion. ' Why, how old is it ? Do ostriges live as long as that ?' asked his small son. ' It is one of the same species,' said the elder, about whom a crowd was gathered, ' here he is, chapter 39,' and he read aloud to the edification of his family and the amuse- ment of the crowd. However, he proved to everybody's satisfaction that the ostrich of Job and the ostrich of Barnum belonged to the same family. When the circus was here the birds were al- lowed their freedom in the tent after the ex- hibition closed, when they ran about for exer- cise. The ostrich amused itself by following unconscious visitors who had come on busi- ness, and rapping them on the head, or mak- ing sudden and felonious assaults on them from the rear. They are grotesquely solemn birds, and take unaccountable and peculiar dislikes to certain people. A novelist has made this trait accessory to a neat plot in a popular work—' The Story of an African Farm ' A travelling impostor who has suc- ceeded a gentle and lovable old German as overseer, endeavors, at the old man's death, to find the little hoard of saving he is sup- posed to have left. He secretes himself in the late overseer's room, and after a long hunt finds a wedding ring which he lays on the table for his own use, while he proceeds further in the search. At that moment three distinct raps are given him on the top of his bald crown. He is then pulled severely by the fringe of hair which adorns the back of his head, and he flies from the place in terror. When he returns with reinforcements the ring is gone. It is attributed to the ghost of the overseer, but is really the work if a clever girl who let out an ostrich that deserted the new man and reached him over the half- door of the cabin. But to return to our ostrich and its superb feathers, which are at present the pets of fashion, and will be worn during the coming season in such profusion as was never before dreamed of. It is only a few years that ostrich feathers have been cheap enough for the masses to buy. They were choice, like ermine and sable and similar luxuries. A gentleman wishing to make his wife a present of a very handsome feather, such a one as she had long desired, visited a number of milliner's stores, but could not find one that was what he wanted. At last in quite a small place he saw the very feather he desired, but it was used as tha sign of the establishment, being labeled ' premium feather.' It had taken a prize at an expo- sition, was twenty four inches long, black and glossy, with narrow, tapering stem. The girl in charge told him the feather was not for sale. He insisted on buying it : ' Why, sir, I heard Miss say that she wouldn't sell that feather for less than $20,' said the salesgirl. ' I will give that for it,' answered the cus- tomer quickly. The girl went and told her employer, and returning took it out of the case, with a sigh. ' Your wife ought to be a very happy woman,' she remarked as she did it up with reluctant fingers. The feather was one of the finest in the market, twenty four inches being the greatest length known to commerce. It was black, glossy, with a graceful natural curve, and it was one complete feather, instead of two or three deftly stitched together. It is said milliners themselves prefer to use tips as they can compose a hat more effectively with a cltuter of ostrich tips which show off the skill used by the trimmer. It is not easy however, for untrained fingers to bend the long ostrich feather in dressy lines and curves on a stiff, uncompromising hat. ' Tips' come usually in clusters of three. These had their origin in being mounted in that way for the Prince of Wales' feathers, to which the distinctive name of plume is given. Ever since the custom was established by Henry, eldest son of James I., the British ostrich farm, has been levied on for the royal aigrette. It is said that the pomp and spectacle of war demands an extraordinary number of ostrich plumes and that the soldiers of all armies wear feathers like a woman. The Highland regiments wear a great many black ostrich feathers. The funeral feathers are not popular in this country, but the hearse's nodding plumes remain in favour abroad. In the last few years the culti- vation of the California ostrich farms having made feathers comparatively cheap broad brimmed Leghorn hats loaded with white ostrich plumes are worn by little child- ren and young ladies. There is a decided tendency to eschew the brilliant dyed feathers of all colours, and adopt only the stylish and elegant black or white plumes, or the natural drab feathers of the bird. The colour of capture is, however, very difficult to obtain, as the feathers are apt to be stained or dis- coloured, and are not considered saleable un- til they have gone to the bleacher. There is a foreigner in Detroit who dyes and curls feathers and makes them look like new. He was many years in mastering the art, which requires skill, labour, atmosphere, and trained hands to make it a profitable one. He can tell the difference between an ostrich feather and a vulimer feather with his eyes shut by the sense of touch. He can look at a feather and tell whether it came from Arabia, where the finest in the world are found or from the Cape of Good Hope, from a Boer ostrich farm, or from the new industry of California. He can also tell by the feather from what part of the bird's anatomy it was plucked, and whether it was from a dead bird, or a live one. The feathers of the dead birds are practically worthless. Those which are plucked from the live, quivering bird retain their life and lustre always. It is against the law now to pluck out the fathers. They are cut off close to the body and the bird does not suffer any pain. The egg of an ostrich weighs three pounds. The bird itself is six and often eight feet in height, and weighs as much as three hundred pounds, and it can knock a man down and kill him with one blow of its mighty foot. Again Job : ' What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and its difficulty.' It is what Prof. Huxley was pleased to call the ' tegumentary appendage' that gives the bird of history its world-wide commercial value, and fills the bonded ware- house with a commodity that is worth its weight in gold.— American Paper. 