BIJOU TREAT11E. "THE PROFLIGATE." Mr. A. W. Pinero's play " Tlie Profligate " was performed for the first time in Australia at the Bijou Theatre on Tuesday evening. This is a strong drama, with artistically managed situations, and a dialogue much above the average merit of the author, whose name is chiefly associated with successes in farcioal oomedy. The piece, however, is a trifle serious for audiences who have been so I I long accustomed to light-comedy effects at this theatre. The part of Lord Dangara presents opportunities for the elaboration of a very amusing serio-comic character, but Mr. Pinero has chosen to be sombre or nothing on this occasion, and that cynioal reprobate is depicted in the merest outline. The raiaon d'&re; ofthe play is the Nemesis which follows upon evil doing. The sowing of wild oats is not to be looked upon as an amusing pastime, but as the planting of veritable dragon's teeth from which a direful crop must be reaped in sab sequent years. Dnnefcui Renshaw, who has led an irregular life, and who has always re ' (^ed jove aftuxs «s pttsauiK caprices, marries an innocent schoolgirl named Leslie Brudenell, very much to the disgust of Hugh Murray, a sympathetic young attorney, who was enamoured of the young lady himself, though without her knowledge. Mr. Ren ahttw's troubles begin when, to his surpr ise, he discovers that he has become devotedly attached to his wife. It is not a mere question of ghosts of buried loves hovering round the nuptial couch-one of his victims, Janet Preece, discloses herself in the flesh. When the story is made clear to Mrs. Ren shaw, as it is eventually is under very dramatic circumstances, the wife leaves her husband, refusing to accept his protestations of penitence as a sufficient expiation. Mr. Murray endeavours to bring the severed pair together, and in the last scene Leslie returns to her husband in Murray's chambers, having determined to forgive him, but her observations are addressed to a deaf ear, for he lies dead on a sofa, having taken poison. The other elements of interest in the story are the attachment of Wilfred Brudenell (Leslie's young brother) to Janet, he being in ignorance of her history; and the negotiations of Mrs. Stonehay for the marriage of her daughter, Irene, with the disreputable Lord Dangars, who has recently, after having played every other possible part in the Divorce Court many times, made his appearance there as respon dent. Miss Nethersole presents a very engag ing picture of Leslie. In the early scenes she is whole-souled, bright, and happy. In the well-contrived episode in which Leslie makes the startling discovery that it was her husband who betrayed the girl she is befriending, she powerfully depicts the revulsion of feeling which causes her to become a changed woman; and she is pathetic in the death scene. Mr. Cart wright's chief opportunities are in the inci dent in which Renshaw passionately pleads for his wife's forgivenness, and in the mono logue which precedes the taking of the poison. Apart from a slight hardness of touch, which proceeds from a not easily modulated voice, he is highly effective. The Hugh Murray of Mr. Titheradge is marked by earnestness and feeling of the most natural kind. He gained a very hearty round of applause for his rendering of the passage in which Murray confesses to Wilfrid Brudenell his hitherto con cealed love for Leslie. Mr. Boucicault gives an appropriately youthful touch to his impersonation of Wilfrid, Mr. Lyndal does very well in the not very prominent part of Lord Dangars (a character much out of his accustomed line), Mr. Cathcart makes a suitable city solicitor, and Miss Watt Tanner is an imposing " mother-in-law elect." Miss j Temple and Miss Claudius, the representa tives of Janet Preece and Irene Stonehay, parts which demand strong dramatic expres sion, are over-weighted, especially the last mentioned lady. The play has been per formed in London with two endings, one of which represents a reconciliation between Mr. and Mrs. Renshaw, the husband having put aside the thought of suicide. This more cheerful denouement was on Thursday even ing substituted for the melancholy finale, and it gave greater satisfaction to the audi dence. " Moths" will be produced at this house on Monday, and on the following Saturday the Oartwright-Nethersole season is to terminate with a performance of " The Idler." 