LAUNCESTON TABEBPACL4. The first of a seriee of special services for the people was held laef evening, when the subect chosen was "The Way to be Happy.' There 'was'a very good sttei dance, and the meeting opened with a quarter of an khnr'e singing, which gave the service a suitable start. After the usual preliminaries, reading prayer, etc., Pastor A. J. Clarke gave a bright spirted addreess on the above subject, taking John xiy.--Gas his' text, "Jesus said, I am the way." He spoke of the unhappi ness in the world, and said if any one knew of a way to remove it his duty was to do sP~ aQ that' i waq w t hf (the speaker) 'wee ýoinýg to 'attempit. ThQi uiriveraai question was "Is life worth living ?" " or ' How to be happy," and there was a variety of opinions as to the best way. The atheist did not believe in God, Heaven, or any hereafter, and if you could not bring yourself to his way of reasoning it was of no use to you. Tihe agnostic's solution was tlathe didn't know anything about any hereafter, and so it was of no use to trouble. Philosophers couldn't show people the way, as they did not know it themselves. The heathen built grand temples and set up idols to worship, hoping to find happiness but failed. The world at large tried theatres, dancing, racing, and worldly amusement in vain. He (Mr Clarke) wanted to try and make his voice heard amongst the babel, taking as his solution of the question, the Lord Jesus Christ. When friends loft one another, whether to go a long journey or to enter the glory land, the last words were treasured up, and amongst the last words of our loving Saviour were the words of the text. The question to be considered by everyone was, how did Jesus become the way P He briefly sketched the plan of salvation. The next question was will the way meet the need of my case P Ho said the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ was the only one which was designed for and capable of meeting the need of anyland everyone from the highest to the lowest, the richest to the poorest, and he spoke of the difficulty of getting people to believe it. He also dwelt on the reforming and sustaining power of Jesus, no matter how deep the sinner might have sunk in sin, or how fierce the tempts. tion to which he was exposed, and His capability of filling anyone to the full of blessing and happiness. Mr Clark also challenged any unsaved person to testify as to his full satisfaction with the pleasures of the world. In conclusion, he exhorted his hearers to give themselves to Christ, when their happiness would be complete. The subject for next Sunday evening is the "Witch of Endor, or a ghost story." 