Tho «Iiofit. About tlio year lEfiO I wns on ono of our Himllnh Iiulln ships bound from lloston to Cnlcutln. Wo arrived off tbo Cnpo or Uood Hopo with fair wenther to that point, hut tve.ry.ono was nu tha lookout now for n blow from somo quarter, x no pervious ovening one or 1110 iookouis during tlio mldwntob had Insisted ho had icon tlio Flying Dutchman, and every one knows that wbon that is the enso a blow or bad wonthor In B.01110 Blinpo is sure to conic. ?And como it did with a vengeance, for the vory noxt night tho wind died down to a calm, thon suddenly Jumped out from tlio nor'wost butt-end Ural, Blx of Iho old tnrs wont tumbling up tlio weather main rigging, and wero urged on by tho gru ff volco of tbo second mnto, n thorough old sea-dog,, who sang out, 'Come, boar ft hand there, 'you' lubbers, and got on dock nrmln I' And on dcek thoy woro again Booner than lio or tho men expected 1 for just nstlioy showed llicrlr heads ovor tho 'top' adoop sepulchral votco called out, 'Wows hard, Jnckl' Thoy wero Btnggcrcd, nnd foran In Blnntbosltntod, whon ngnln tho fearful volco ropontod, ' IIIowb hard, Jack I1' That was enough 1 their superstitious fenrs ovorenmo them, and thoy did not Btop till tho deck wns reached, lly this tlmo tho Cnptaln.and mnto woro on deck, nnd woro astonished to BcoBlxot tho best men on tbo ship como tumbling down, whllo tho mnln-top-gnllnnt Bnll nnd royal wcro dialling In tho buntllncs ns though they would blow awnv ntovorr (Inn. ? ? ? ; 'What's tho matter? Why didn't you furl thoso sails?' said tho Captain, ' Matter enough,' Bnld nn old salt. '1011 don't get mo In that main-top to- nlgbt. I wouldn't glvo much for nnyono who goes up, cither, for I not only aaw tho gbost, or wlint ovcr It la, but hoard him talk.' This was too much for tbo old skipper. Tho Idea of loslngall hiB anils hecnuso there was a ghost in tho main-top wns too much for him, bo ho cnllcd for volunteers, nml started up tho rigging, followed by his two mntcs only. liot nnoiner mnn woiiui kw. *»»:»' „,.«.. .... been up hnd seen nnd licnrd enough, nnd; those who hadn't did not care to risk It, . Well, tbo old aklpperand hi; mntcs fnrod: no belter than Iho men, for hnnlly hnd tholr heads renched over tbo 'top rim 'than, In Iho Bamo nwful, blood-curdling tones,' camp to thclrcars tbe words, ??Blows hard, Jnckl' nnd there, right in tho 'dublliis' of tho mast, tbo Captain caught Bight of two glar ing eyes, and n long while arm renched down as if to clutch him, nnd down they nil scam pered to tho deck as fnstns their legs would AUOUt llliyilJZNl' lUUniuniiii* niav-w ?*.»?-?? »'??? a not pnrrot belonging to the skipper had cs naned from bis cage, nnd wns gono, probably blown overboard nnd lost in tlio gale, lolly hail, however, by bnrtl work, managed to alight In the main-top, where she had stowed herself In tho ' dublliis ' ot the mast, nnd was holding on for dear life until sho was rescued pTbo ninin.top.gnllnnt studding-sail wns laibcd In tho weather ton-mnst rigging, and tho clew bad blown adrift, and happened to flop down at the Captain as ho went over the ' top' in the black darkness, nnd so was cosily magnified Into a ghostly arm, and Polly Into tbe frightful gbost. 