« Stand Fast, GRP;NOYST0NTi; A SEW NOVEL. By WILLIAM.BLACK, Atjthob or "A Pbikoess or'Tddxe," "Tub New Pedcob Fobitoaiob," &o.; AIL QUEERSLARD RIGHTS RESERVED. Ouapikb XXIII.—A Spih it List. pHE RENOVATION of Mfoagelbnrgh House took moro time than had been il hoped; bride and bridegroom re m&ined; abroad, basking in tho awoofc alt and sunlight of the Mediter ranean spring; and it wasnotuntilweUoainthe month of Hay that they returned to London. Immediately after their arrival Vincent called on them—ono afternoon on his way down to St. Stephen's. He stayed only for a few minutes; and had little to say. Bat the mo ment he had left Lady Musselburgh turned to j her husband. I 11 Oh, Hubert, isn't it dreadful. Did you I ever see suoh a change in any human being P And no one to tall us of it—not even his own father—nor a word from Louie Drexel, though she wrote'often enough about him and what he was doing in the House— 11 Yes, he does look HI,'.' £&id; Musselburgh, with a seriousness not usual with him. " Very ill, indeed. Yet he doesn't seem to know it declares there is nothing the matter with him— i shows a little impatience, even, when you begin i to ask questions. I suppose be has been work- ! ing too hard ; too eager and aminos all the j way round; too ambitious—not like- most j young men. He'd better give up that news paper nonsenso, fcr one thing." •• Oh, it isn't that, Hubert; it isn't *hatj" she exclaimed, In rsthc-r piteous accents; and j she walked away to the window (this was the j very room in whioh Vincent had fi*6t set eyes j on Haisrie Bethuce and her grandfather}. She stood there, alone, for a time. Then her j husband went and joined her, and linked his. arm within hers. . She was crying a little. "I did it for the best, Hubert," she sobbed. j "Did what for th9 beat?" u Getting that girl away. I never thought it would come to this." "Now, now, Madge," said he, in a very affectionate fashion, 44 don't you worry about nothing—or rather, it isn't nothing, for Vin does look pretty seedy; but you mustn't as sume that you are in any way responsible. People don't die nowadays of separation and a broken heart—not nowadays. He is fagged; he is not used to the late hours of the House of Commons: then there's that newspaper work—" 44 But his manner, Hubert, his manner !"ehe exclaimed. "He seemed as if he no longer oared for anything in life; he hardly listened when I told him where wo had been; be ap peared to be thinking of something quite different—as if he were looking at ghosts." "And perhaps he was looking at ghests," said her hosband. 41 For it was by that table there he first saw those two people who have made all this trouble. But why should you consider yourself responsible, Madge? It wasn't your money that sent them out of the country. It wasn't you who found out what they really were." She pass 3d her handkerchief across her eyes. "I was quite sure,'' she went on, not heed isg this consolation, 41 that as s on as she was got away—as scon as he was removed from the fascination of h<~r actual presence—be would begin to see things in their true light. And then, thrown into the society of a charming and clever girl like Louie Drexel, I hoped every thing for him And is this all that has come of it, that he locks as if he were at death's door r It isn't the House of Commons, Hubert, and it isn't th« newspaper work; it is simply that he etiil believes in that girl, and that he is eating his heart ont about btr absence, and has no one to confide in. For that is the worst of it all; it is all a sealed book now, as between him and us. HewasforlcavingmyhouseinBrighton oh, the rage he was in with me abont her I—and it would have been for the last time, too, I know, only that I promised rc-ver again to mention the subject to bim, and on that condition we have got on faixly well Bince. But how am I to keep silence any longer ? I cannot see my boy like that. I must speak to him ; I must ask him if he is still eo mad as to believe in the honesty of those two people; and then, if I find that his infatuation still exists, even after all tfcia time, then I must simply toll him that they took money to go away. How can he get over that ? How can he get over that, Hubert ?" In her despair this was almost a challenge as well as an appeal. But her hueband was doubtful. "When a young man is in love with a woman," said he, "he can forgive a good lot —confound it, he can forgive everything or nearly everything, so long as she can persuade him she loves him in return." 44 But not this, Hubert, not this!" the young wife exolaimed. 44 Even if he could forgive her beings thief and the accomplice of an old charlatan and swindler—and what an 4 if'!— imagine that of Vincent—of Vincent, who is as proud as Luafer—imagine that of bim !—but even if we could get him to regard those two with the eyes of common sense and common experience, and even it ho were willing to for give all that, how could he forgive her being bought over, her taking money to remain away from him? No, no, Hubert; surely there is a limit, even to a young man's folly!" 4i Of course you know best," her husband said, in a dubious kind of way. 44 I've seen some queer things in my time, with young men And Vin is an obstinate devil, and tenacious; he sticks to anything he takes up; look at him and that wretched newspaper-work, for ex* ample. If he has persuaded himself of. the innocence and honour of this girl, it aay he hard to move him. And I remember there was something very winning and attractive about her—something that bespoke favour " 44 That was what made her eo nsefol to that old impostor!" Lady Musselburgh said, vin dictively. 41 Of oourse," he admitted} 44 as yon say, here is the undoubted f aot of their taking the money. I If Via is to be convinced at all, it is possible | that may oonvinoc him " 44 Very well, then," paid she, with decision, " he must and shall be convinced; and that no farther off than fco-tnoriow morning. I'll tell Harland I'm coming along to lunch; bo that he may be in the house, to give me any papers I may want. And surely, sorely, when Vincent perceives what these people are, and what an escape he has had, he will cease to mope and fret; at his time of life there ought to be other things to think of than a girl who has deceived him all the way through and ended by taking money to leave the oonntry!" But notwithstanding all this brave confidence. Lady Musselburgh felt very nervous and anxious as she went down next morning to Grosvenor Place She was alone—her husband was coming along later for lunch ; and she wont on foot, to give bet a little more time to arrange her plan of poceduce. For this was her last bolt, and she knew it If his fatal ob stinaoy withstood this final assault, then there was no hope for him, or for her far-searching schemes with regard to him. She went into the drawing-room; and he came as soon as he was sent for. Theee two were now alone. 11 Do you know, Yin,'' she began at once, 44 Hubert and I bave been much concerned about you; for though yon won't admit there ie anything the matter, the change in your ap pearance struck us yesterday the moment you came in; indeed, it xnade me quite anxious; and after you were gone, Hubert and I talked a little about you and yonr affairs—you may be sure with only tbo one wish in our minds. Hubert thinks yon are over-fagged ; that you are too clcse in yonr attendance at the House; and that yon should give .up your nowspaper writing for a time. I wish it were no more than that. But I suspect there is something else " 44 Aunt," said he, interrupting her—and ^et with something of a tired air, 44 do yon think there is any use in talking, and inquiring, and suggesting ? What has happened, has hap pened. It is something you don't understand; and something you couldn't put right—with all your good wishes." 14 Yes, yes," she said eagerly, for she was rejoiced to find that he took" her interference so amiably; 44 that is quite right; and mind you, I don't forget the agreement we camo to at Brighton, that a certain subject should never be referred to by either of u«. I quite re member that, and you know I have never sought to return to it again in *ny way whatever. But your looks yesterday, Yin, frightened m6 ; and at this moment—why, you are not like my dear boy at all. I wieh in all seriousness yon had come over to Paris with us —you and Louie—and gone with us to the Mediterranean; wo should not have allowed yoc to fall into this condition." 44 Ob, I'm well enough, aunt;" said he. "Yon are not well!" she insisted. 44 And | why? Because ycur mind is ill at ease." 44 And very little comfort I have to hopo for I from you," said he, remembering former con versations : but there was no bitterness in his | tone—only 8 sort of resigned hopeless cess. 44 Now, that is not fair, Vfn !" she protested. ■ 44 If I said things to you you did not like, what motive had I but your happiness f And now at this moment, if I re-open that subject, if I aafc you to be allowed to re-open that Bubject, it is not the kind of comfort yoa apparently hope for that I am prepared to bring you, hut some thing quite different. I should like to heal your mental ailment once aod for all, by con vincing yon of the truth." 44 Yes, I think we have heard something of that sort on previous occasions," he aaid, rather scornfully. 4 4 The truth as it is in George Morris! Well, I will tell you what would be more useful, more to the point, more becoming. Before saying anything further about that old inin and bis granddaughter, I think you ought to go and seek them cut, and go down on your knees to them, and ask their pardon." 44 For what T9 ' 44 For what you have already said of them— and suspected." 44Beally you try my patienoo too much!" she exclaimed, with some show of temper. t( What have 1 said or Buspected of them that was not amply justified by the account of them that your father offered to show you ? Of course you wouldn't look at it. Certainly not! Facts are inconvenient things, most uncomfortable things, where one's possessions are involved. But I had no abjection to looking at it." 441 suppose not!" said he. 44 And my eyes were not blinded. I could accept evidence when it was put before me." 4 4 Evidence!" he repeated,44 you forget that I have been across the Atlantic since that precious document was compiled. I heard how that evidence had been got. I could gee how it [ | could be perverted to 6uit the malignant theoriei of a pack of detectives. And if I oame back with any fettled conviction, it wa3 that yoa and one or two others—myself, too, in a way—could do no better than go end humble oofielves befort'that' old flian and that gitl, and beg for their forgiveness, and their forgetful ness.of.the wrongs and insults we have pot upon them.'/ - • "Oh, this is beyond anything1" aha oried— rather losing oinhihSnd of hSrtelf. "Toudrive me to. speak plain. Everything your lather and I oonld think of was tried to core yoa of this mad infatuation—the most patient inquiry, expenditure of money, representations that: wonld have convinced any sane person, Nothing was of any nse. What was to be done next P Well, we conld only bny np those honourable persons—who were not adventurers in any kind of way—ob, certainly not!—bat all the same they were willing to be bonght; and so, on payment of a substantial consideration, they agreed to paob np their traps and be off. What do yon think of that f What do yon say to that? Where was-the old gentle man's indomitable pride, where waa the girl's pretended aifeotion for yon, when they consented to take a good ronnd snm of money and be off ? How can yon explain that away?" \- She regarded him with a oertain defiance— for she was moved to anger by his obdnraoy. Bat if she expeoted him to wiaco under this euddtn stab she was mistaken. " How do I know that this is true f" he Baid calmly. " 1 am not in the habit of speaking un truths," ebe said, Blightly drawing herself np. "Ob, of coarse not," he answered. "Bat all through this matter there has been a good deal of twisting abont and misrepresentation. I should like to know from whom Mr. Bethnne got this money—and in what form." Well, she was prepared. " I suppose yoa would be'oonvineed," said she, " if I showed yon the xeoeipt—a receipt for £5,000 —whioh he signed and gave to George Morris i" " Where is that receiptf" he asked. ''In this house. I .will go to your father, and get it. Shall I ask bim at the same time for those other documents whioh yon wooll not read ? Perhaps all taken together they, might enable yoa to realise the truth at last." " No, thank yoa," said he coldly. " I know how those other documents were procured. I shall be glad to see the receipt." : " She hurried away, anxious to strike while [ the iron was hot, and oertain she had al ready made a profound impression. And. so she had, in one way, all unknowing. When she _ left the room, ha remained standing, gazing blankly at the sides of the books on the table; outwardly impassive, but with his brain working rapidly enough. He made no manner of doubt that she could produce this reoeipt. He took it for granted that George Bethnne hid accepted the money. It course, Maisrie had nothing to do withlit; her grandfather kept her in ignorahae of his peooniary affairs, and it would be enotigh for him to say that she mnst go away with him fcom England—she was obedient in all things. J\,no doobt 1116 man had been cajoled and flattered into believioghe waa acting ioatlj and in the best interests of everyone concerned: thore oonld have been little difflonlty about that He himself was qnick to persuade him eelf of anything that happened to fall in with the needs of the moment. All this Vinoent understood at once. But when he oame to ooc» eider that it *aa his own relatives who had brought upon him all. the long torture and ft JT1® these bygone months—and not on] v that, for what waa he or his hidden pain ?—but aleo that they had driven forth these two tired wanderers once more—the old mm who had some wistful notion of ending his days in his own country, the young girl whose maiden eyes had just made confession of her love secret; then bis heart grew within him. It was too cruel. When Lady Musselburgh -returned with the reoeipt in ber hand, he took the piper, and merely glanced at it. . 4ft whose clever and original idea waa thia? he demanded, with what she took to be indifference. . " But Vincent—are yon oonvineed at last ''Surely you-must eee for yourself no w. Yon will give" up thinking of vonVe ^ win you tea what sbe is —-u he'rep«ated!<*ea t0get ttem Bent "Well, it was my idea," ehe said; "bnt your father paid the money," Hawaseilent for a second or two, and then he said slowly— ' ."4nd my nearest relatives; and this is what you have done, not to me only bnt to one who is dearer to me than life. So be it But you eaunot exptot mo to remain longer under this roof, or to sit cowa at table, any. where, with my cruellest enemies- " She tamed very pale. ezcla!m«d. I 1 a ^aestioa of taking aides," he went on, with perfect oompoiure: " and I &o; over to the other side. Thejmost need help ? thTare poor and friendless. I hope the miiahiefyou have done is net irrep-rablo; I cannot till; liU have eh^wn "D J°U 8°d 1 °°et ^ li™ did thH?dc"track and Stupefied; she Tvfn ff dolain bim M he left the zoom. For there was a curious air of self, possession, of resolution, about his manner this was no pique of disappointed passion, nor any freak of temper. And be oonld not hut v,fcath,fcf "0rt °'wa?' whether Jv'f aU hf might not be in the rightabout that had £ t^lt CaJ6' wh&t; waa thi> friohto^ 1 ♦ br°n8lit about:- 3he waa mU i, gVen"d to rea80D with her JJ,,'P, P,' ste oniy eaw Vioosnt leaving his famflv" »£>°i~^U L°g himeeIf "il ,r°m his own s ^ a dllmb consciousness that it wss her work, through somo fatal error of judgment. And she seimed to know in stinotively that this step that he had taken was '"envat^b «-^d that she was in some dim w^ responsible for all that had occurred. Hazard u° ■ MuB,dbur8h arrivod, he and S dlreeriy ^ nounced. IVTo lonVldlmg"a00'a,^18gMutCommuni8t-<!»Pitolidt looked round with a little aw of impatience and " Bat where is Vin?" ' " He was here a Bhort time ego," s&IJ; Xa&f; Musselburgh; she dared not ear more. ' Mr-JIarrfs, from below, Beat a menage- to bis son's room; the answer—whioh Lady Itus selburgh heard ill' eftencc—was that they wen not to wait lonohoon for Mm. _ " Too busy with his reply to the Mirror," Musselburgh suggested. "Sharp eats anil throats going. I wonder that oeleatial minda should grow so.solid area sneh.a snbjeot as tha nationalisation'of tithe," " Newspaper controversy," remarked Mr. Harris, in bis sententions and grandiloquent manner, "is an exoelient method of thrashing out any snbjeot, but newspaper controversy with an editor, if yon wish to get the bset 'of the argument, is folly. It is not only fighting with a phantom; it is fighting withaphan torn who prints what he says in large typo, and sends yon into the outer sheet." There was somesonffle on the stairs outside,' to which nobody (except Lady Mussol burgh, whose ears were painfully on the alert) paid any attention; but when a hansom was called up to the front door, Harland Harris hap pened to look out.' " What, is he going off, somewhere P ! I never knew any creature so* careless about his meals. I presume his indifferanoe means' a good digestion.". - " Ob, Vin'a digestion is all right," Mussel burgh said. " 1 hear he dines every night at the House of Oommons—and yet he is alive' "But there aro his portmanteaus 1" Mr. Harris ezolaimed, and he even rose and- went to the window for a second. Well, he was just in time to see Vincent step into ..the cab and.drive off '; and therewith he returned to his place at - table, and proceeded, in hie usual bland and somewhat patronising manner, to tali Lord Musrelburgh of oertBin experiments he waa having made in oopperlnstre. He was hot in the least oonoerned about that departltgcab; nor did he know that that was the rest glimpse of his son he was to have for many many a day. And meanwhile Lady Musselburgh sat there frightened, ard guilty, and silent. And thai without reason; for what she had done she had done with the fnll oononrrenoe and approval of her brother-in-law and her fiancee.(aa he then was). Yet somehow ahe seemed to feel herself entirely answerable for all that had happened — for the failure of all her schemes—for tha catastrophe that had resulted. And the moment she got outside her hiother-ln-law'a house, she - began and confessed the whole truth to her husband. " But why didn't you tell Harris P" said he, pausing as if even now he would go back. " Oh, I oouldn't, Hubert; I daren't!". die. said, evidently in great distress. "I was so confident everything would oome right—I advised him—I persuaded him to pay tha £6,000 " " Oh, nonsense 1" was the impatient reply.. " A man doesn't hand over £5,000 unless he fs himself oenvinoed that it is worth while. And . .he got what he bargained for. .Those people have gone away ; they don't 'interfere any more " "Ah, but that is not all," Lady Mussel burgh put in, rather sadly. "I made : sure that . Via would forget—that as soon as the hallucination had worn off e little, he would eee what those people really were, and turn his eyes elsewhere ; yet ap parently he believes in their honesty more flrnfiy ' than ever—talks of my going and ' asking their pardon—and the like; and now holhas wholly broken away from ns—deolares he will.! never be under the same roof with us, or sit down at the same table with us- Ho has gone over to the other side, he says, beoaose they are poor and friendless. Poor and friendless.' she repeated, with a snap of anger—" living on the fat of the land through their thieving 1 And ' ' yet——" And here again ahe paused,'asif recalling something to herself: " Do yon know, Hubert, I was startled and frightened by Yin's;' manner to-day; "for'I had suddenly to ask my self whether after ali'it was possible he might be in the right, and we altogether Wrong., In all other .things he shows him.MS go clear headed and able and shrewd ; and then hb has seen the world; yon would not toko hi™ to be one who ocnld ba easily deceived. Sometimes I hardly know what to think. But at all • events, this is what you must do now, Hubert; yon must get hold of him, and persuade Mm to go back home, before Harland knows say thing .■ of what had been intended. Ho oan invent some excuse about tbe portmanteaus. You can go down to tho House to-night, and see him there; and ii you persuade him to return to :. Grosvenor Place, that will be so mnoh of tbe mischief set straight. That Is tho first thing to bo done ; but afterwords " . ... It was quite clear that she knew not whatlfo ■ think, for she want on again, almost as U talk iag to herself— 11 Of course, if the girl were a perfeotly good';" and honest girl, and above snspioion of every; ..' kind, Vin'a constancy and dovtmon to her wonld bo a very fine and noble thing; and I for one should bo proud of him for it. But os things . are, it is a monomania—nothing else than a' monomania 1 He must see that she is in league with that old man to get money on false pre- s tenoes." " He eees nothing of the kind," said her hue- • band hluajy. " 8he may or she may not be; I know little or nothing about her; but if she is, -in doesn't Bee it; you may make up vour mind about that." "And yet he seems sharp-sighted in other things, said Lady Maseelburgh in a pensive sort of way; and then she added, " However, the first stop to bo taken is to get him book to . his own family, and none oan do that so well as you Hubert; you are his old friend; and you stand b:twoeu us, as it were. And there's one thing about Vin; ho can't disappear out of the way; you oan always get hold of hlm-at the HouBe of Oommons." Lord Mussolbnrgh bad not bson long married; ho did as ho was hid. And very eagerly did \ innont welcome his ambassador, when ho en countered bim in tbe lobby. " Ouine out onto the terraoe. I was-just going to write to you; I want yon to do me MW ff?68C6£b B6IT106 yOU trrflgiriB [,f •™-~«Htae" 1 "Ma7 *ea9y to So anybody any XiiVnabecot'abntoea,'" said Musselbhrgh, as they' .!: proceeded to stroll up an d down this flaiktpaba, l i witb tha wideriver flowing silently by, aha the innumerable small beads of gold showing where' luXiondon!ay; in the "dust. "Only too happy. \ Aid! am la the best position lor being medis j.tor, lor I hate nothing to gain from elther'eide ' ,rre*C6pt, of oonree, that I should be extremely '"ttttry to see you quarrelling with your relations. . That is. always a mistake, Vin, my boy; bad ''for you, bad lor them. And I hope you will ": ht me go back with the important part of my commission done—that is to say, I was to per* ' Shade yon to return to Qrosvenor Pisco, just as ■ it nothing had- happened. My wife is awfully upset about it—thinhB it is entirely owing,to *. her; whereaa I don't see that it is so at all. She' .-■has been trying to do ber beat for everybody— for your father1 as well as for yourself. And the notion that you ehonld out yourself o& from rjjoai family naturally seems Very dreadful to inker; aul if I can take her the assurance that : ■ you .don't mean anything of tha kind—very .-welll". "Oh,, but look here, • Musselburgh," eaid ..Vinoent, ".you entirely mistake. It was not ; about that I wished 'to see you, not at all; on ; .that point it la useless saying anything. You . .-must assure Lady Musselburgh that this is no • piece of temper on my part—nothing to be , smoothed over and hushed up. I have seen all realong that it wag inevitable. From the moment .:thatmy auntj'and my father took up that . position against—againat Maisrie Bethune and • .her grandfather—I foresaw that sooner or later c thia must come. I have tried to reason with ..them ; I have assured them that their sua .sploiona and their definite oharges were aa cruel as they were false; and all to no purpose. ,,And this last thing; this bribing of an old man ,' who.oan be too easily persuaded, to take his '^granddaughter away with him .and subject her 'to'.thehomeless life she had led for so many years4rperhapathere sire some other oonsidera; ^tioha.I need hot mention—this is too much, ' .But I knew that sooner or later a severance wouldoomehetween them and me; and l am '' not unprepared. You wandered at my drudg ing away at that newspaper work, when my ,' fsther was allowing me, a handsome inoomo. ' Now,do you see'the use of it P I: am inde •pendent. ; I oan do sb I please. I can't make A'fortune '; hut I'oaneam enough to live—and .'something more.. Let them go their way, as I ' gamine; it has not been all my doing." Lord Musselburgh was disoonoerted; but he .'was a dutiful husband; he went on to argue. } He found.ho might as well attempt to argue ..with a milestone.' nothing could shake this i young man's determination. . "1 told Lady Mnsselbnrgh I had gone over the other Bide,' this time for good," said he. . " .We ate in opposite oamps now. We have -beeuso all along—but not'openly. This piece \- of treaohery haa been too much for me; we are .better apart; I oould not sit down at table with ; jraoplo who had acted like that—whatever their ' motives were.. But you, Mnsselburgb, yon were "' not oimoeined in that wretched piece of Bohem 'ipg • and aa I tell you, you oan. do me the greatest possible servioe. Will you do.it ? Or 1 willyou rather east in your lot with them ?" . ^ Oh, well,'? said Musselburgh, rather dia "appointedly, "I don't see why I should be ; compelled to take sides. I want to do my best 1 for everybody oonoerned. I've just oome into the family, as you might say; and it seems a ' pity there should be any quarrel or breakup. ' I. had a kind of notion that we should all of us "—jut particularly my wife and myself and • you ana—and—your wife—I thought oar little Ypaarty tof four might have a very .pleasant tima ' together,"both at home end abroad. My wife ' aim I have often talked of it, and amused our ; selves' with sketching cut plans. Seems such a . Yes,V said Vincent, abruptly,." but there Vare other things in life besides'' going to Monte i Carlo and staking five-frano pieoes." 1 : ".What is this that you want me to do ?" his .friend, asked next, seeing that those induce ments did not avail, " Well," said Vinoent, " I suppose you know ■ that Lady Mnsselbnrgh showed me this morn ingthe' reoeipt Mr. Bethnue gave Qeorga Morris for the £5,000. It was a simple receipt; nothing more. But everybody knows Qeorge i Morris is'not the man to part with money un< ; conditionally; there must have been arrange fmehts and pledges; and I want to disoover "what Mr, Bethune undertook to do, where he undertook to go. Morris won't tell me, that is certain enough; but he would probably tell you." Lord Musselburgh hesitated. ' "Why," said he, "you know why that money was paid. It was paid for the express purpose of getting them away—so that you should not know where they are——" v,. "Precisely eo," 'said Vinoent. "And you .would therefore bo undoing a part of the wrong . that has been done them by yonr wife and my father." .... " Oh, I don't call it doing a wrong to a man to'give bim £5,000," said Musselburgh, with a ' ♦niirth'rt# raaonfmnnL " TTfi nnfldfl'fc hftVQ taken touch ofresentment.. "Henoedn't have taken the money unless he liked." "Do von know what representations were made to him to induoehim to take it?" Vincent eaid. ^ "Well,I don't," was the reply. "They settled all that amongst themselves, and I was merely made acquainted with the results. It would hardly have boen my place to interfere, you see; it was before my marriage, remem ber; in any case, I don't Know that I should have1 wanted to have any say in the matter. However, the aotual outcome we all ot ua know; and yon must oonfes?, Vin, whatever persuasioQB were used, it looka a rather ahady transaction." 11 Yea—on the part of those who induced ■ him toacoept the bribe I" Vinoent eaid boldly. : " Oh, come, come," Lord Musselburgh inter .posed, rather testily, " don't be so bigoted. It isn't oiJy your considocing that girl to bo overythlng that is fine and wondorfal—I oau understand that—the glamour of love can do anything; but you go too for in professing the greatest admiration and respect for this old man. Leave us somo ohanco of agrooing with you, of belioring you aano. For you can't deny that ho took the money; there is the plain pnd slmpla fact Btaring von In the face. More than that, hie taking it was the justification of those who offered it; it proved to them that he was not the hind of person with whom you ehould bo connected by marriage. I gay nothing abont the yodng lady; I don't know her; perhapB her association all these years with this old^-Well, I won't oall him names—has not affected her in any way; perhaps she believes in him as implicitly as yon appear to do. Bnt as for him: well, take any unprejudiced out sider, like myself; what am I to think when I find him accepting this money from strangers ?" "Yes," said Vincent, a little absently. " I suppose, to an outsider, that would look had. Bnt it is beoause yon don't know him, Mussel burgh ; or the story of his life; or his circum stances. 1 confess that at due i'lino there were things that dis^nieted me; I rather shut my eyes to them; bnt now that I understand what this man is, and what he has gone through, and how he bears himself, it isn't only pity I feel for him, it is respeot, and more than respeet. Bat it's a long story; and it would havo to he told to sympathetic ears; it would bo little use telling it to my father or to my aunt—they have the deteotives' version before them—they have the deteotives' reading of the case." "Well, tell me, at lesst," said his friend. " I want to get at the truth. I have no pre judice or prepossession one way or the other, for another thing, I like to hear the beBt of everybody—and to believe it, if I can; it makes life pleasanter; and I can't forget, either, that it was throngh me yon got to know George Bethnne." It was a long story, as Vincent had said; and it was a ^difficult one to set in order and in a proper Jight; but it was ohiefly based on what had been told him by the Toronto banker; and Mr. Thompson's generous interpretation of it ren'through it all. Lord Musselburgh listened with the greatest interest and attention. What seemed mostly, to strike him was the banker's phrase—" Gall George Bethunean impostor if yon like; but the man he has imposed on, all his life throngh, has been—George Bethune." "Well, it is all very extraordinary," he said, when Vincent had finished. " I wish I had taken the tronble to have become a little better acquainted with him; one is so apt to judge by the outside; I thought he was merely a pio tureaqne old fellow with a mad enthusiasm abont Scotland. And yet I don't know what | to eay even now. All that yon have told me Bounds very pleu-ible and possible—if you take that way of looking at it; and the whole thing seems to pitiable, espeoially for the girl; he has his delusions and self-confidence—she has only her loneliness. But at the Bame time, Vin, you muBt admit that these little weak nesses of his might easily be miaoonstrned." "Certainly," said Vincent, with prompti tude. " It is just as Mi. Thompson said; if you choose to look at George Bethnne throngh bine spectacle., his way of life must appear very doubtful; if you ohooee to look at him through pink spectacles, there is something almost heroia about him. And 1 think, Mns selbnrgh, if you knew the lion-hearted man a little better, you wouldn't ebriok from acknow ledging that there was something fine.and even grand in his character. As for Maistie—as for SIis3 Bethune—she aBks for no generous con sideration, or forbearanoe, or anything of that kind; she asks for no lenienoy of jndgment and needs none; she is beyond and above all that. I know her—none better than I; and she has only to remain what she is—'dass Gott sia erhalte, so sohon und reinnnd hold'! " There was a break in his voice as he spoke. Lord Mnsselbnrgh was silent for a moment or two—he felt like an intruder upon something too saored. And yet he had his mission; so presently he foioed himself to resume— " Well, after all, Vin, I think that you must grant that there is something to be eaid for your ■ relatives, even if thoy have been mis taken. They ooold not know all that yon know —all that yon learned in Canada besides ; they oonld only jndge from the ontside; they conld only believe whBt ttey heard " "Why did they interfere at all?" Vinoent demanded, in his turn, "Why had thoy Mr. Bethune's steps dogged by detectives ? " "You should be the last to protest. It waa entirely for your sake that it was done." " Yes," said Vincent, with a certain scorn. " It wbb for my sake they were so ready to sus pect—it was for my sake they were so eager to regard everything from the attorney's point of view ! They would not take my word for any thing ! they would rather trust to their private inquiry offioes. I was supposed to be so easily blinded; the swindlershadsuoh a willing dupe; no reliance was to be placed bnt on the testi mony of spies. What ohildish rubbish 1 Why, I introduced my aunt to Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter; she ooald not fiad a word to Bay against them—bnt her suspicions remained all the same! And then apparently she went and oonsulted with my father. It was so dread ful that I was being cheated by those two dangerous oharaoters! Couldn't the lawyers and their private inquiry agents—couldn't they make out some story that would appal me? Couldn't they make up some bogey—straw, and an old ooat—that wonld terrify me out of my wits? And then when I wasn't app&Uod; by their idle trash of stories—oh, for goodness Bake, get those desperate creatures smuggled away oat of the oountry ! No safety unless thoy were hiddon away Bomewhoro. And then they went to tho old man, and I oan imagine haw they persuaded him. The greatest kind ness to every one oonoerned if only ho would fall in with their views; he wonld save his granddaughter from entering a family who had mistaken, but undoubted, prejudices against her, and of oourse they couldn't allow him to put himself so muoh about without endeavour iug to pay part of the eosc. It was no solatium to the young lady—oh, no, certainly not! probably she was destinod for mueh bighor things, and it was no gift to himself, it was merely that the rolatives of that hotheaded young man wcro desirous of pleasing them selves by showing how much they appreciated his, Mr. Bathuno's generosity in making this littlo B.acrifice. Well, thoy euooocdod; but thoy littlo knew—and thoy littlo know—what they have done!" PerhapB .there, waa something In the proud and withal disdainful tones of the young man's Toice that was quite as convincing as his words; at all events, his friend said— "Well, I .sympathise with yon, Vin, I do really. Bat you see how I am situated. I am ah emiBSBry — an intermediary — I want peaoe " " It is no use saying peace where there is no peaoe," Vincent broke in. "Nor need there be war. Silence is best. Let what has been donego ; it cannot be undone now." "Vincent—if you would only thick how fond yonr aunt is of you—if you would Hiinfc of hot distress—'" "It was she who ought to have considered fiiSt," was the rejoinder. " So you imaolhe I have 'suffered .nothing, before 1 went to Amerioa, and then and since? Bnt that is of little account. I could forgive whatever has happened to myself. It is when I think of someone else—sent adrift upon the world a Grain —but it is better not to talk!" "Well, yes," persisted Lord Musselburgh, who was in a sad quandary, for the passionate indignation of this young man seemed so much stronger than any persuaeive argument that could be brought against it, "I can perfectly understand how you [may consider yourself wronged and injured—and how much more you feel what you consider wrong and injury done to others; bnt you ought to be a little generouB, and take motives into aooount. Supposing your father and your aunt were mistaken in aoting as they did, it waa not through any selfishness on their part. It was for your welfare, as they thought. Surely you must grant that to them." " I will grant anything to them, in the way of justification," said Vincent, " if they will only take the first step to make atonement for the mischief they have wrought. And that they oan do through you. They can tell you on what conditions Mr. Bethune was persuaded to take the money; so that I may go to bim, nnd bring him back—and her." "But probably they don't know where he is," his friend exclaimed, in perfect honesty. " My impression was that Mr. Bethune agreed to leave th;s country for a certain time; but of course no one would think of banishing him to any particular spot." " And so they themselves don't know where Mr. Bethune has gone?" said Vincent Blowly. " I believe not. I am almost certain they don't. But I will make inquiries if you like. In the meantime," said Musselburgh, returning to his original prayer, " do consider, Vin, and bereaeonable, andgobaoktoyourfather'shouse to- night. Don't make a split in the family, (live them credit for wishing you well. Let me take that message from you to my wife— that yon will go home to Grosvenor Place to night." " Oh, no," said Vincent, with an air of quiet reBOlve. "No, no. This is no quarrel. This is no piece of temper. It is far more serious than that; and, as I Bay, 1 have seen all along that it was inevitable. After what I have told yon, yon mnst recognise for yourself what the situation is. I have spoken to you freely and frankly; beoause I know you wish - to he friendly; and because I think yon want to see the. whole oase clearly and honestly. Bnt how could I talk to them, or try to explain ? Do yon think I would insult Miss Bethune by offering them one word of exouse, either on her behalf or on that of her grandfather F No, and it would he no use be sides. They are mad with prejndioe. . No doubt they say I am mad with prepossession. Very well; let it stand so." Lord Musselburgh at length perceived'that his task was absolutely futile. His only chance now waa to bring Vincent into a more plaoable disposition by getting him the information he sought; but he had not mnch hope on that score; for people do not pay £5,000 and then at once render np all the advantages they fanoy they have ptirohased. So here waa a deadlock, he moodily said to himself, as he walked away home to Fiooadilly. And as for Vinoent? Well, as it ohanced, on the next morning—it was a Wednesday morning—when he went across from the West minster Palace Hotel to the Honse of Commons, and got his ngnal little bundle of letters, the very first one that oanght his eye bore the Toronto post mark. How anxionsly he had looked for it from day to day—wondering why Mr. Thompson had heard no newB—and becom ing more and more heartsick and hopeless as the weary time went by without a sign—and behold! here it was at last. (To be continued.) 