(tomba. Clearing up. Hows' the 'flue. Circus on Monday. A *actical mistake. South run, 16,014 oz. Parliamentary Picnic. Miteham Bazaar to-day. " I love dem liddle kiddies." Profcs:or Arderion to-night, British, week's run, 6,0/8 oz. Joachim favours the nephew. Junction, week's run, 3,165 oz. Another wool sale on Monday. Saturday—another whip round. • Block 14, week's run, 39,618 oz. Last night of " The Old Guard." Barometer at noon to-dav, 29 "7i). Block 10, week's run, 60,972 oz. Broken Hill, week's run, 170,031 oz. Cowboys at a p.m. Local competitors. Formal opening of cricket season to-day^ It is no use trying to browbeat Mr. Pater. Norwood's Mayor will stand another year, Echoc3 from the Smoking-room on page 6. Go and see Dr. Gault's Ghost at Miteham Ur night. The Victorian racing carnival will begin' to-day. Hat going round for impecunious Moonta • miners. Australia's labour party tired out her' G.O.M. There is a. Davy Jones on board the Orizaba. Boss Parkes will bring the Labour Party to its knees. There is something in the move for a display - of grace. A limit even to the inflnenoe of Charles Cameron. Mr. Pater straitened up- the. back of the- Government. Uncle Sam ought to be treated to a sight-of v the kangarco. Prince of Wales will be toon celebrating hi» - jubilee birthday. Graham Berry will tune-up-Monro & Co. after Christinas. What the labour party want more than funds is a capable leader. The late Mr. John Pickering was a'good - etamp of a colonist. Adelaide's merchant prinoes want a direct - line t) Broken HilL Fruit from the Devil's Half-acre harvested ; in the Police Court. Chamber of Commerce was somewhat divided - in feeling yesterday. "The Land of the Midnight Son"—fortyfour limelight views. Locusts on the warpath. No forces called out against them yet. Hall for Mayor, and Hagedom as Alder'- tan. Hip, bip, hurrah. Ad miteracordam appeal from the Knights of St. Crispin in durance vile. Sir 'Enery "squeezed" out of office by thedemands of the labour party. How many more parsons of tbe name of Jones will come to this colony ? The Glenelg firemen have 500 ft. of hose. Will it be tied up with red tape ? It is not safe to reckon upon the bushels till tbey are in the merchants' hands. Warden Hamilton is a very effective advocate' of shipowners at the Marine Board. Wesleyan Methodists in Western Australia have increased twofold in ten years. Strawberries come in at tha wrong time because there's real cream to be had. Many preachers advocate Union ideal for the most part to very empty benches. We have got the salt, but we lack tbe freedom to trade with it over tbe borders. Messrs. Rocke, Tompsett, & Co. are helping to elucidate the antiquated law-of libeL Thousand square miles of land in the Argentine Republic bought for Russian Jews. Sun rose at 5.18 a.m.; sets at 6.15 p.m. Moon set at 5.5 a.m.; rises at 5.56 p.m. Government happily changing on the question of the Australian Court at Chicago. A man qualifying to be a Jack the Ripper " has been sent to prison for life in Sydney. Warden Phillips has speedily become ail impoitant quantity at the Marine Board. Can hardly muster enough for twelve disciples for many week-night Church services. Maj or Cohen will fire off a speech on Federation at the Democrats to-morrow night. Sir Henry invited the Labour party to insult him so that he would go out of office betimes. Mr. A. T. Magarey has resigned the Hono- - rary Secretaryship of the Geographical Council. Glenelg Corporation not altogether pleased about action of fire brigade at Mr. Turner's fire. Wanted, a Secretary and Treasurer to rim: the Port Adelaide Regatta on New Year's Day. Froggy bas expressed himself willing- to plank down fifteen millions for the bellicose RUBS. Plucky David Lmdsay withont a grumble will promptly resume his battle with the desert. ,» Lantern lecture on " Norway and Sweden,' 1 - by Mr. D. Walker, at Y.M.C.A. Hall, next Friday. Every owner and nearly every inhabitant seems to have a mental bee-line to the Barrier. Australia's pastoralists telling their tale of woe to the British Royal Commission of Labour. Single-tax lectures conducted on philanthropic principles—no charge except a Bingle- - tax on the hearers. Many a kmd act did John Pickering perform that was never whispered in the ears of the newspaper man. That English dude was not far wrong about a lot of lions misled as far as New South Wales is now concerned. A little more rope to the New South Wales Labour Party will rouse the electors against - them at an early dissolution. Damaging tombstones at West-terrace Cemetery. This new industry cannot be set down . to the effects of free education. One petition—"From battle and murder and sudden death"—-has a present significance in view of the news of the day. Bank of South Australia Directors got off cheaply on the principle that it is not wise to cut off one's nose to Bpite your face. While people unite readily enough for pecuniary purposes, they won't look through the same glass for spiritual specifics. Very galling for the second Corporation in the colony to take a back seat in anything. But which is the second corporation. Yankee dodge of hunting up locusts won t work in this enlightened country, where none do anything for the public good for nothink. Rev. C. A. Berry, the eminent Congregationalism talks interestingly, but does not give himself away on his impressions of Australia. Next Union idea will be not to work when its too hot or when ite too cold, or when it nuns . or when it doesn't." That's satire but scarcely f a \Vbo knows but what an effective Australian Court might not have an influence on the American tariff in favour of the bounding kangaroo? A number of Members of Parliament have gone up North to study the country and the water question. They can learn much on both - matters. Strike idea seemed to commend itself to Leigh's Creek miners as being better than the coal idea. Directors' idea to give them the sack; O, dear. Mr. Christie Murray in the Contemporary says " South Australia is the model colony, being clearer of insolvency, drunkenness, and crime than the mother country itself. It isdroll to see how little account her two more populous sister colonies take of her. Melbourne and Sydney vote Adelaide elow, and the Victorian and New South Welshman deride the South Australian for his want of dash and vigour." For the Caulfield Cup, the Sportman's Seer tips Clonard, Glenloth, Dillon. "Steeling"" in the Sportsman names Glenloth, Laverock, and Wild Rose, Spokesman, or Bungebah. "Ribbleden" in the Australasian names- Forest King or Bungebah ; Glenloth, Clonard. "ABmodeus" in the Leader selects Glenloth, Dillon. Bungebah. " Uaapun" in -the Weclig Timet picks Greygown, Bungebah, Glenloth. " Trumpator" in the Observer says D" 11 ™ Greygown; Clonard and Glenloth. "Freelance" in tbe Sportsman cays Forest King or Greygown; Bungebah next. But Graygown i» scratched. A A 