LADY PEARL. Which was in accordance with man's great wisdom. There is a vast amount of doors locked when the steeds are goue. HIe had breathed his secret in his sleep, and his man had heard it. Ere long the air would be rife ,ith whispers of it. An inquiry of a servant made him acquaihted . with the movements; of the searchiparty. Hugh and .the-:duke bad been in to rest and were going on with their' protracted labours All the gentle men in the house were giving what aid they coiuld. Mhiss' ?Meg-is sbe at hoe?.. was: 'is next inquiry. 'In the library writing, sir;' was the answer. ' I'll go to her and get a.yea or nay and thlen,speed. to ,town,. he thought; ' Not inother day will I stay in this accursed spot. ': '" "::' .v ,: . : -: .. , JIt is ;:singular, that men, when - they themselves hive put a blight upon a place, will insist upon calling.it accursed. It is an illustration odf the ease with which thy;wafif their iininds to the 'most con@ venient relief and 'the readiness :they dehlibit .in :shifting 'the buiden of the blame from their shoulders. -Meg, fFesh andl blooming, was in' the library, wriing to Banet :Claverly. rThe unhappy Guardsman had written about a certain pair of eiaver. sikin gloves he fandied he had left behibii'd arid' oi:that and other topics iiad managed'tb :fill six sides of note paper. Metg was filling about the same quantity inq; telling him that his lost gloves were not at Dumbe dikes. Nor- do. I think you:. have left anything Ijehlind yoiu.'" But this she faintly crossed ut, leaving it quite clear for perusal.. .' "oI hope 1I do nridt disturb you,? Sir Charles said, taking aiseat near) with the air of a man who meant, to stay for awvhile whethei'he was'in the way or n1?t: ' ll Ohl! no;' :repied: -Meg 'faititly;"and although her letter'~ias not finished 'she hastily foldeC . and :.placed, it in;, an envelope. 'I find that I must get to town witlosut delay'lpursued Siir Charles, arid 'I ?i'can not go -wilhouta ;definitee answer to the qcuestion I put to you in the wood." 'A -definite answer ?' murmured Meg, with a groWvingwhiteness:in heir cheeks. 'Is it.not due to me ?' he askled. 'I. hdie' rritliin'g to:::ll oids iket aay" in' what I saidto you.'-I.hb'ave no .power to impress you "better vwith th? strength of my devotion. ;": iT ::i 'You 'are~v ery kind,-Sir' Ci'rles,' replied Meg, vaguely'.,j ,! i nl:i '; 'Will you be my wife ? Let me have, an answer.' '. Sir Charlrs, said Meg, looking sip like one. gifted with suddeni inspiratido: ' Will you answer me: one question ?' ' Iwill if I can'niei'mi;. • rYout surely will be iable to tell:me, Of what disease 'didi~ldd Friarlydie: ?'i; 'He fell back in his chair as if he had been _shot.or.. stabbed, with all the, cool assurance gone out of his ey??'yes iand?,trror in its place. '"Iaskst he:quesgop,? continued?Meg, ndt"loboliing at him, 'because I believe she has met with foul play.' : - int' 'And what-'grounds--have . youi: to: make such an insinuation ?',.he asked, speaking witlhi difficulty.':; ., .2'; 'None but 'one you .wilt thinc. veery strange,' s~he repie'di: I· hav~e neiti''iidy 1' iarty'o ghont" " " : : . ..." ; : Petrifactiona nmight have set in- unon him, so still was ie, and Meg lIurried on: '.Youiiknow fiei, pl 'wio'die:. ti'nfairl,: dor are supposed to-do, generially,-th'it is,' sometimes-haunt, sthe· spoti where i they died, 'an?li saw' Lady : Friarly yesterday. She :was:beliind'you :when.you-spoke to' me and that was why;I could give you' no Is this tnjest?'Ihe asked; hoarsely::;,~i 'Oh.! no, Sir Charles,' said Meg, :withi tears infhlr'eye,. 'ji, : ? ..)11 'I believe it is,' he returned, fiercely, Sand an 'useemlyol ne I haI i?ge'io 'resoi0icec but to!iesent it i:',Tlaee wsre other ays?' of refusing me, Miss Dashivood, mo~i":in' accordance with our civilized code. Good miorninmg'? '3,,::i; 6 ., ' ;... ;' .,," 'He wasi . glad to get? away? with, any excuse, frbhe was now sure that the spot atleast was haunl'ed :...Never againq dare he'look uipon ithat grim shladow;' he felt he8~oild not without verifying tlhe theory of Coleridge and find death. So h'e hirriled out, ieavingj Meg in a state of?un 'lit ded astonishment, liberally dashed with Satisfactioon, In:a quairter::of an, hourishe:heard the'clatter uof: horses' feet and saw him riding away towards'the statio~ 504, oi5 1a$ 2 12 2' LI. must' tell lucy what hlias uhapjiened,' she said, ' andiperhaps'she:uan h'ilp'n'eito6 solve the depths of this Emysterioiiv departure.' . Lucy wa'no "easily found 'but Meg, afteraldong ' sefrch; ,unearthede: 'd irsia' summerrhouse, which might. have been built fibi ltiCujiid's wi' design, so' adiited was it for a loves ie i?otide, with a com fortable. :seatr and 'delightfully :gloomy; Neii~'i'of2the )Ilover's- was remaikim;lly pleasedlo see Meg, but they oposforgaye th''iIt'iusion .when they heard htrc story.,. ' "Od;; i;iit.'?' saild Lucy. : " What do you thiibk"f i;t Tuiimmy ?' \- ?FoMi ip1, "dec idedl rplied' that' gentleman, with thesair of, a you~g-and promisinlg superinten dent of the polce." SIsn't he.gettiag sharp?' said Lucy to _ Ieg~ "'.lUSt'ni.yopio n io but reallyitis' a serious 'iiir, aiidwe ought to speak to the colonel 'abjut it Sit r Charles is gone, you say ?' i?,Verit:off:in a great hurry?" :'5i sci'e'ce .'Ohb"Mj??gs II aim?af?raid? y3i;'jillC dipuriefd yttol'd hat'ii'di, sfri,? . 'I'll marry Bet first,' said Meg, wis'h?a: spirit, and if'you vwodon't.rinid I'll be married on tih -same day- '~', ' We have just settled; that it is .to be this day two months,' said, Tommy, -i s - A',ic, oijdu? :?cOuse y?uy.illi be ?married frbMf te'rs;?' ?'said Meg"""', Is is quditecon6? venient. - only five miles drive to a church.' T :5" A" : ,'as, "Tommy wants it to be quiet-so do I, 'siid Lucy;'. and we vdte for bere.' '.Thaenayou,- Lucy, will.be here quite two '"monrthis0'long~er'?' ?"iaid 'Mdg, th'oght: cExcepting' astraiy ,isiti 'r tive to town.' 'Then, as the q'lace will:be dull don't you thisk'Bcti might come down again ?' ' If-lie ivill"come. 'said Luey ;' 'but' I' fiicy h's' ha's'been siinged :en6ugh, " :'At' all evenits I shall gilie him thb' hint,' said Meg,' "iid you will s?eik' 'td' the colonel'about;SirCharles?' 'At once, and you need nbt fear the parental wrath, He' was not.over. bend and ears in love with the match,' Meg hurried off to put a postscript to her letter to Barnet Claverly, which being characteristljc of the delightful freedom of their friendfship, we give in full. 'PI.S--l-Having given you all the above nchs:ns?ac to read I have a bit of good news for you, Sir Charles has got his quietus and has left us. Hia was scared away by a ghost, which you.shall hear all about when you come down next week. You will come, won't you ? Should you bs pursued by the Jews Lucy and I will arrange a hiding-place for you in the false roof over the clock tower, so that will ;be up to the time of day both day andi-ight; It will be delightful :to. have you in secret hiding and steal :.up to the trap door at middight withi a .basket: .of provisions'and-a ' blash of burgundy' sucli as the old knights always had with them, Yo:i;won't want a feather bed-the dust is twofe'fetethick; ..An :revoir, dear Bet, with one ortwo.you know what S CHAPTER XIX,': • , Gau'iit Hoiise, in addition, to a doctor andja'keeper, had a matron, Mrs, Nev man, who to the eye seemed to be the last person on .earth one .would expect to find filling such a capacity in such a place -. : She was young, not near thirty'yet, but dressed in a Quakerish fashidn that made her look older and incieased the prom inence of the lines 'of premature care that had gathered about her mouith aid brow. She had .once' been very beautiful, and was not yet past the time when her dark eyes, full and lustrous,' had a charm for man. The doctor admired these eyes; but he sighedi in vain. Between him and his matron there was a great gull fixed-the gulf of a heart ihat had been turned to, ashes and could no longer love any, man. If she could have restored the fires of love Doctor Sabotson' would still have been as far removed from her favour as-ever. -Tliere was a strange alliince, betweeii' those twvo,'a bond of gratitude and a bond of mutual:help, of which mnore anofi; but to show the nature of the communion betw?een'.them let us'slip in' and see .therih at breakfast in a room. adjoining the' doctor's study, she sitting before.'the. urn with 'a grave, proud air, he fidgeting with his toast and glancing at her from under his beetlisig brows. i ?' You' have'not made your re~port 'yet, MIrs. Newman,' he said, suddenly. i Is there'any need for me to marke one ? ih'e asked.":; , ' . : ....;;- : ' It is the usual thing.' ' Youirpiatients have passed the night as usual,' she said ; ' the poor maniac calling herself I;adyPearl is jweeping. and roanri ing-the other creature is dumb silence.' ! ..They eat 'their"'fo'od'?' i' . .? 'The. silent one does-like, one who eats to'gather strengti'for a'journey.' "i ?And she never slpeaks-?', :..: : !''Never.' IThei doctor took a bite at his toast, *;ats the piece very slowly, and preseritly said : '.I trust you do not find your employ ment distasteful?' ! i' It is part 'of our contract,' she replied, 'I have nio choice but t'o obey.'' ':'"" ' Nevertheless, if youi object to it 'I do not .object. * It would give me great pleasure to miake your life as smiooth ?as ~ossible,' he said; 'it is possible to be happy even here, if you: will; forget that( you hbad a past - J "I shall forget that,'"she replied, 'iwhen' I die, or if my !reason leaves me;' oither-' wise the past .i ever present; with me.', 'You are a proud .woman,' said :the doctor, leaning forward with an ugly light in his'eyes,' and'a beautiful one.'-I would give something more than I possess to find the key to your heart. -":. '.. : ',Forbidden ground; she said, calmly. - .' Why, 'isoit is,' he answered, 'with 'a sihl. S' The kjey to my heart.would :avail. you. nothing; there is but the empty casket left :"Have ydu aiiy commands for re ?', She l'ose up with,an air that awed him, and he merely. answered '.No.! .He was hot a gentleman biorn-- feir'doctors are and was-a little behind the times with, bis manners, .or: i'. hewduld. hlave:oipid-d the door for:her; ::She swept out with a quietgrace and left him frogwning.7 :-. 'She sill not benid,' he ulttered; 'must it come to.a breakifig ?--at present no ;. I haVetodo i uch oriniy hands." He:struck a hand belltwice and Crewel came stumping along the passage, un ceremfloniotusly opening the dbor, like-ai man who is sure of his ground and wishes io make a;little demronstratio'ndof his poser .. .. '"Well,' hie said. .. . . -" I am going to pay a visit to the silent paienit,.rrplied tlhe doctor' arid wislh yofi to.accompany me.', ,-: ' Why ?' ? , She is:dangerous, is ttshlie- ? ? I HI:A ' Rather,' said Crewel with a grin;n she inade a spring at. me last night and fastened her teeth :iin my arm without ittering so~imuch esagrowl.f: There'sth'e. mask, he said, rolling up liis sleeve:; 'good work for such bmall ivories, in't ii ?'.. -' -'AWlait did youi do ?'i"skeds thi?e 1to, anxioqsly; --':- r: : S..Oh, took her off, was the cool-reply. - 'You have not injured her -not.struck her iii?o?eface. , . . ( 'Biah! tio;. I simply- gently stopped. hieb'r?a'th h so ;b't she .couldhot hold on, thn p'uit'er into .acornier like. a. nauighty child.' SWe willgoaiti 5nce.". . .. :' .. 'Tl' h sseddut 'and asceided a corri-.: dor on the ifirst·,floor- by a narrow back itaircase originally?erected forthe ..use. of domestics...On either sideofithe'oriorridor. were doors leading to rooms, and across onel oft th~ilin; waS stiorig ivooden' bir. This Crewel removed,.turned the handle, ind signedto his master to.enter.. '. ' Keep anseye upon her,' said the doctor nervously. A -ll: right.-: I dor't 'think sh'e --WFill t'eiiptinytliing more just .yet.' ' n The. roothi:theby: entered had origiiaiiy b 21aiisila~ a dressingroom, andi was lighted-by one small, narrow window high up, and 'now- protected by bars;e: There vas no' furnitureto speak of, a tabl 'fixed qto th.e wall, a pile of cushions, and.that was all. On the latter lay the form of the un happy Sunflower, with dress torn and disordered, a sorry spectacle-her face still retaining that immovable look and giving no sign that she knew of the doctor's coming. i ' I hear you are better to-day ?' he said, drawing near, with his trusty Crewel close behind himi. -, ' .' - Her poor cold bosom rose and fell once ind that was the'oaily sigh:that she heard him'sp.' p - :I-iholieydtu will have no ill-will against' ni~i?:coritinuedthle dodtor, '.yoir. friendu' have placed you here for your, good, as ihey believe, and as I believe; .I shall be glad to give you a better room if you will show yourself more tractable.' . He might as well have been. talking to a statue so little did she appear to heed himn. Crewel who had a distaste for all quiet interviews, yawned audibly. 'Come, conme,' said the doctor, per. suasively, ' thlis ort of thing will not serve your turn. You understand me well enough and you ari simply brooding over what you believe to be a wrong, Give it up, accept the inevitable, and live like a reasonable woman.' Her face now for the first time showed a softened expression, and she looked at him but did not speai. •' That's'right,' said'Sabotson, softly, ! I see weshall bring you round. You can have better apartments, comfortable dress, arid the best of food-good wine a'nd you and I can:b'e merrytogether--- '? ,Sshe softened yet the more, and the doctor 'exultedin.his heart. He was suc ceeding in his. purpose beyond his most sanguine. expectations. Crewel, more disgtiu ted than ever, for he hated anything approaching milk-and-water in human nature, .bad turned partly from them and wias staring up at the small window. ':Let me belp you to rise,' the doctor said, ex'tending his hand. . She tookl it, laying heavy. in bis grasp for a moment, then'suddenly bounded to her .feet" and spraiig towards the door which" Diewel had in the insolent careless ness:of:his power left open. I i'a'moment she was outside, the door closed, the bar up, and the doctor and keeper .mrade prisoners. Then a wild laugh was beard in the corridor and all wasstill. .: ' " Blankly Stating at each other stood the t~o kI.aves;:until Crewel, i whose language was very often of an explosive turn, burst into some .severe flowers of speech,.only to be heard tihen the coarsest of ruffians are in a fury, and he finished off with an attack upon the.doctor . -. 'Codldn't' you have laid hold of her you fool?' he sa?id, ' o ' Why weren't you attending to your duty F?' iiuttered the doctor. Anidl thesi they stared at' each other, images of concentrated fury and despair.. :'.I suppose we' an't get out i?' Doctor Sabotson said, at last. - Not :in a twelvemonthl.' SBut if we knock Mrs. Newman-' ' Won't hear us,'as she' is'in the other wing "and -Won't- -come here':until to morrow morning., We've got twenty four hours of our. own physic before us. ' This'i ri d th'eme for jesting, Crewel.' said the: ddctor;, trembling with agitation. If nh'e gets clear of this place and weare here .for aday she will bring ruin upon us~?!- ;· 'She 'won't bring ruin upono iE,' saidi Crewel, surlly~. '. , SBut CAN'T we get out? Is there no wdy offorcing thedoor/,or this:one !ead-' ing to"th'e"bedrdoo? I: f we cag do0it in time to overtake her on the marshes we: can bring her b'ick'. ' SI tell you doctor, we are fixed up as !ightly as sardines,with only a little more elbow room;n, and 'ivwhli just as iuich power to get out.' ? Hammer the ;dor,: Crewel. Mrs.o Newman may hear us,' said the docto·, damp withlb fear. I 'll do it, but she wont't hear us.' Creiwel thumped and beat the door most vigorously for full five minutes, and ihen they sat down to wait., No answer insg footstep or welcome voice gladdened. them. f ; She wil only thin tht it's thej patient itshe does-hear' it,' said'Crewel; savagely,' 'and askdocking is thirsty work and we are not likely to get anything to drink I'll 'ddi rienmor'e'dt it'.''' , So 'sayiiig' he::thiew,. hirmie'f dobn' on the pile of ci€shibtis iacbted 'b, Eriiilie do Launay, and taking. out his tobacco box regaled'himhslf withli a "quid, 'which he chew?edwith pphiiosophical th'oughtfulhiess, ivhile the doctor:paced.up and down the room a prey' to' considerable agitation in the region of the diaphragm, and for half an hour neither uttered a word. 'Suddenly the doctor pulled up and gave vent to.an exultant shout. "' Crevel,' h'e said, 'what fools ve' havs' ,bCeen. :·-. . -. , ·~. . :. . ; :, SThat's news,' said Crewel, sarcasti cally, ' I found that out as soon as she had bolted tbe dooi;.' : . ., . : ' ' . -.. ':rI ! '.I don't allude to thatbut the floor, man-the floor,' screaiimed the .doctor.: Thei floor,' vacantly echoed the keeper. S.'Yes, man-the-floor; surely it is old arid rottohn and: we can' break' our- ay through'the ceiling ' i Crewel leapied' iup, anud he and the doctor began to tear up the faded carpet that covered th'e floor. .Benea!h, thel boards were. worn. and: worm-eaten and brokend in places. :'The prospect of escape was a'very bright one. - With a big' clasp knife: which :he'took from his pocket the keeper cut a gap in .a pliace that was rotten, haid he .thrust.hiis. strong:hands::through the hole, and with, mighty effort rent up .aboard. A clouid bf dust followed this e'ploit' and.filledthe air. with punigent pairticles. :.,; : ' 'Let mesee,' said C.~rewel, 'i!what room is beneath this. ?' -' . ,". ' " /.' , -'-'8. ' The old dining-rogom, I think, replied the ddctor.:" ' z " '*' " "': '" . \- Painted ceiling, *no"great trouble to go througli tliht. ; iX ; a -Ie thrust his foot down and sen't'ii crashinig lifrosglf'th' lin'i c'v;lsacovered boards 'that' 'formed, 'ther ceiling. ,oIna;a minute he had broken'a ?oie large enough to get through, but there was still an ugly ir0o down. S_ -di"thinkl y ,u" had'b'etter; go6firstiTjsaid' Creweli tbthe doctor', "you are a lighier man than I am. ':' '. SWitia an'impiatient growl ?ied doctorislid through and dropped, coming down in a very un'dignified" position ori the: floor, 's tliat'for a tiike he hlad litile b'treth', i ihi' bodyi.) ,' ' /.., ;.' ' ;,'. ' :) ' 'Get out *of :the; way,. said: Crewel, laughing. 'We might have thought of the cushions.' '-' '. SThes .he dropped" throuigh : untiP th'ey ma'de a"r'e!pec ileilie ph.wwien .liei'foilowe d the doctor, i;hoiwas trying ihe door and muttering all sdrts' of anatliemas. on every form'of lock ahndtkey". '". vL .'.. '- .:,-'i. S' Why is this fast ?lahe snarled; . 5 -' Because it was your orders to lock up every place 'not in uise,', replied, Cresel. ' Mrs' .Newniani has.ithe key :The' wino dows are nailed upitob.' e'.' " '"' ' '·'.We can get' out that 'way,' 'said'the' doctor: ' Kick'out' th'e' window? " ,The small'diamoibnd panes framed in by lead. yielded to .the heavy foot of the keeper, and they sprang through to find themselv8es in: a small' courtyard with a high'"wall' rou'nd -it .and the only door nade, like the others, fast. '"I'swear,' said thedGcctor, as he shooh! it furiously, that I will never have a door locked -again., That woman has already hid' t clear ho'ur before her. We've got bur work tobovertake her.' . JIf quiti si~re'f the way she has gone,' said Crewel. , -: ! :ie 'doctor groaned. S':It's ruin, rmore tlian ruin.. Can't you get over. the wall ?': " '.The moat's on the:other side.' "''Swim tlirough it. Here, I'll give you a leg up. You can lay hold of that spout and pull yourself up to the cornice. Now then?' . Crewel fell the case was urgent and was soon on 'the lop of the wall, staring over with an expression of amazement that aroused the doctor's curiosity. ' What is the matter, man ?' Ire cried. 'Somebody's been in the night and opened the sluice,' Crewel replied. ' The moat's empty-leastways there's only mud n it.' 'Never mind the mud,' said the' doc or, impatiently; 'Can you see anything of that 'womi n?' ' :' ' : S''No sign of her ?' said the man laconi cally. - " .-. • ''Drop round and go round and ring the bell-Mrs,. Newman will hear that. If-she doesn't you can climb over the ;ate.' And this was done in due course, but it took time-and more than a quarter of an hour elapsed befor the maddened doctor .vas set free. Then followed a fruitless inspection of the marsh. Lool: which way they would there was to sign of Emilie de Launay. They spent some hours also in walking to and rio--peering into empty dykes and be hind the sluice mills, and they visited the Cells without any result. 'Lord 'Raidenstore went to the White Mill. House, 'I believe,' said Doctor Sabotsoi, sitting down in a veiy de ected state upon some of the debris by the Cells. " 'Yes-I 'recommended it as 'a quieti out-of-the-way place where the people would believe a yarn about a fall into a hedge of brambles,' said Crewel.", ' ' You must go to him at once and let him know that the tigress has-got' out' of her cage, and ask him what'isstb be done. : -: : :: : I shouldd thisik the best thiog :to do would be to pu her out of the way: if we got a chance.' : That's more in your way, Crewel, no doubt-but it'.. isnot safe.' :When a per son has to retire you must induce them to do.it quietly.' Get back. to thehouse and take the horse. If you want.any thing to eat anid drink be as quick as you can about it.' Crewel lost no time-but the day was already far spent; and be must ride hard to get to the White Mill House-a lonely fishing in iten miles oft--before sun down. . .:. : It was dusk indeed when he rode up to it;, hi horse, lirde'd with foam. '-Lord Raidehstore came hurrying out, following by the host-a man with a mis anthropical 'expression of countenriance acquired 'after many years of wretched, lonely life, far away from any mortal man save those who came on fishing expedi tions. I :'.I thought it' vas you or thi doctor,' iaid:Lord Raidenstore, ' Something's gone wrong at the mena ierie,' Crewel replied. ' The tigress has got loose . . :' My. God ' exclaimed the nobleman, staggering sack and,holding oh to ,the latch.of the door for support. i '.The doctor bade me come to you so tlhat you.might be prepared,' said: Crewel, getting stiffly' down. ' He' leaves you'tc do ;what ''oui please,' but,' lowering. hi voice, 'if you will take my advice, you will go ;ini search of her and stop bhe roanling.' CHASTER XX. THE. search-. for Lady Pearl ended of course in disappointment. While her briother and lover. raked the dykes and pools and scoured the woods to find some trace of her she was a prisonar held close in:'Gaunt House, guarded by."atchful eyes and hands around her. \- Her movements on the morning of her disappearance can very briefly be ~ecorded. She.went out to meet 'Hugh Egerton willi the. intenitioo of fleeing with him away from'all her little world. .He had, as has: beenalready declared beee led away by his great love to. propbsei flight, .and she bad said neithter yea nor nay to it, leaving it in the conflict of ddubt and love an' open qu'estioni That- morning she' was going to say yea.:'?. . The letter-sent back· to Dumbedikes was in. her pocket, .but it was -never re~di?iir'ed by her.. Sir. Charle~s: Friarly. by peisistent espionage knew of all her inove menls,'and that'verylimorning Hairac: and Lanahb were lying in wait to'carsyout .tlie barbrtet's schemie of revenge. SThere weapons were very simple, only a couple ofhandkerchiefs-and a small phial cbntaining one dose obf Dr. Sabotson's sleeping: miiture. .'Sir Cbarles did. not trust:the men with more for fear of acci dents ' . ' . . . iUnder tihe very nbose of Dumbedikes was the scheme carried out. Lady Pearl was seized by the two; strong ruffians' in the:shrubbeery, aind her iies stopped with ,i hiaridkerchief over tihe mouth, while another. sufficed to bind her hands behind her. : .: - * In :terror she swooned, and while in sensible Harac made sure of her silence for some hours to come. With his coarse hand he parted her rosy lips and 'dropped the 'leperous distilment' into her mouth, from whence it !speedily found its way into her veins 'arid educed ber'toa' completely helipless'state. ' .With many comments upon her- beauty. and coarsily jesting they'carried her to the r'hd "itht led to Gaant Hoiise, whdid a carriage under.the charge of Crewel, the keeper, was in. waiting,. The gipsies placed her there, and with the instinct :of incurable thieves .emptied her pockets; bringing the letter to light. : ' What is i~t?' they asked of Crewel,. bith being unable:to read and write.::: . iCrewel glanced at it and findiig'the envelope:unfastened cooly read the col-: ;This had bete go to ,Dumbedikes.' he said, 'say--in otwo hours'time, i f:we had written it ourselves to throw' her people off the sfifit 'it co'biild not. have beenibetiier,. done. '-One olbf ?youi: h:id beiter deliver it ' - - 'Theyshall have it, said Harac seztiet His peo ple were already moving, and the vans were several miiiles on their way, but he and Lanah were swift of foot, and parting with Crewel, who moved with all speed to Gount House, they speedily over took the cavalcade and despatched one of the fleetest footed among them to Dum bedikes with the letter. All that followed has been told. Lord Ardinlaun had been communi cated with and was awaiting the coming of the duke to town. The duke was to take Hugh Egerton with him. Meanwhile a conversation which took place between the brother and lover of Pearl and Colonel Dashwood must be recorded. Sir Charles Friarly was the. topic. Hugh told the colonel of the story of the scene in the wood, and the colonel in return gave them an account of the sus picions that had arisen in the minds of himiself and his daughters with respect to the death of Lady Friarly. 'I can't say that I ever believed in ghosts bcfiore,' the colonel said, ' nor can I quite credit their appearance nove, but it s-as daylight-and Meg is not a nervous girl--what do you think of it ?' 'I think him capable of the crime of murder,' replied Hugh, 'the question is- - can we prove it ?' 'Where is Lady Friarly buried? Who. was the doctor attending upon her, and vho the undertaker?' asked the duke. ' She was buried in Bingley churchyard, and a man named Moffat, at Chelmsford, did the undertaking business. He brought the coffin by rail and left it at the :station: He was not here in person !until the .day 'dofthe funeral.' ' . 'We might call upon this Moffat,' said H ugh. ... .' -. ' He is a man in a small way :of busi ness, I believe,' said the colonel;, 'atid 'he may be, presuming that there has really been foul play, .a tool of Friarly's. VWhen you go to town take your case to the lcead of police, who will receive it in confidence,' and judge it there is anything to act. upon. I daresay they will investigate it and help you about Lady Pearl at the same 'time.'. . . ' - " : '.. . *' So Hugh and ihe duke 'went to town and had a long interview with Lord Ardinlaun at a 'house in: Park Street, .where lie had taken apartments, and his advice seconded, that of Colonel Dash; wood.' It was their "'duty to go to Scot land Yard and lay their suspicions before" the'sapient heads of the detective depart-: ment. *A man of 'considerrble acumien and particularly gifted where the scent was very'fine, was put upon the track, and in twenty;four hours he was in the parlour of the Three Tuns, Chelmsford, where Mr.' Moffat, jobbing builder, carpenter and undertaker, went in the evening to enjoy a social glass. " ' - .The detective's real name was Ribston, bht he changed it .to the less distinctive name:ofSmith, and he gave .out that he was a man just come into a little money and anxious to invest it in house property. .'I don't want.to buy,' he said, .as he regarded the some half-score tradesmen around. him with a dull eye, ' I'm. not clever, but I'm not such a fool as I look. What I want to do is to put my. tin out on mortgage.' * Mr. 'Moffat, in his building operations, was literally nowhere unless he:sold on mortgage each little .house as fast as; he built it, and the coming of the: detective: was as manna in the desert;, owing to a few of the houses he had.lately mortgaged in Chelmsford getting so :as to be unin habitable, and :moneyed people there shy of.him, It really seemed as if Mr. Smith had been sent as a special boon to him. iA cunning man is easily taken in, he is so satisfied with his own cleverness,, and the. undertakerireadily swallowed: the, bait for him. He invited the .detective to: have a social'glass with him, and: they were soon talking confidentially together. : But not:of business. Mr. Moffat had. sufficient wisdom not to appear in a hurry: and he readily talked for the present, of anything but money to lend and the ad visability. of putting it oit ohImniortgage'in some desirable cottage property he was building with bricks not half, so. hard: an ship's biscuits, and .mortar quite innocent of lime, and h'air. . . ' . . , 'I suppose, now,' said the detective, !that in the undertaking line: which you tell me you are in you often get some out-. of the way jobs ?' . ' Rather,' said Mr. Moffat, but we take emi all as thiey come.. . . SBiiut you don't go out of the place ?' i ' Oh, don't I. It isn't so long ago when I was sent'for right away up the marshes -to.bury 'i real.swell.' . S.'Who was lhe?' asked Ribston, knocking the ashes obut of his pipe and filling again. S.'.It wasn't a he, but a she, Lady:Friarly,'. replied Moffat, with reflection in. his eye,. Sand I .thought it a rum .start-but the certificate w'as all right 'anid .I,.was paid well, so I'd nothihngto complain of.' 'C ertainly;' ... .... . .. . .... , : : i ' Still, it.was odd tsat.io oithier doctor wasisent 'for.;' She:: was a wonderfully' hrndsome woman I ve heard say.' ;, ,' :,., S s,'eThen" youi didh't,see ,'hier?". ", ..', 'i No. ,The measiirement wassent .s and" the coffin called' forat the station. Like wise the people ini the louse screwed i'her: .d ow n .- ; '' "1 -' - : ..... . , ':; ,.-.. S'Isn'that rather irregular:? . ' Well, perhapis it is,' ;said .Moffat, in differenitly; ,' bt how was I to ,iiterfere?' ; 'Tihe docteir who" give the certificate lives about here,. I suppose.?',. ! :,No he was a stranger, to me. .Let me see, what was his ;name-something .like Rabitsoh-n 'o, Sabotsbn, 'that .was it, and wbinderfullyth'ick: Sir .Charles, and he seenied.'to be. .' , ''' , ' .. ' 'Early on the following morning Ribston was back in, town. with his information, arid ,it. .was..soon known that, Sabotsdn was still, at ;Gaunt. House, which he had tuirned int'oa iprivite lu'iialic asylum.., SThiiigs'?vere lookii;g'suspicious, ,bui no, move could be imade yet. I, nquiries were made, fiorSir ,Charles, and on ascertaining. that he''wovuld ie found lit his club Rib slon was senit. to interview hiri '., SSir'Cliarles was pengagel 'at, whist 'for guinea poits,.iwhen one of .te servants came and told' iiriithat a stranger desired to sesc.'lim,'con'.very importantI buisiness. Merely, staying.,to play his handout Sir, Chbarles ;vacaited his seat to aniother and went iltito the3 haill wheireRib'ston .awaited ! ' '.What" isi:itjou ;6.want,my, man ?'' Ihe It's,, irather, a, curious bus;iness, :Sir Charles,'. replied ,Ribs'ton,;, and. I don't think' I can;talkof it here. ,s ithere.such la.thinas; a priivate room?' : ! ., ; Ha'unted as lie had been ,for days by vague "apprehensions, Sir Chiar!es:; was troubled by the detective's visit,r bet he kept up an air of .nonchalance and asked if the business'was of "such'a nature that itl'c uld not.be put off, :.::: :: - oI t'. Notahnhour, sir,' said the :man;: :?,:!. ' , But ,I* am haviig a rubber.at whist-'-: ; :'Never: mind i the: whist,b Sir: Charles. That iwill keep, but I :.don't. think' this will ' .I'licoime outsidea with you,i'said. the' baronet, anrid went away to *fetchIhis hat and coat; , 1 'They:turnedinto Pall Mall, which'was comparatively quiet just then , and .iwalked as far as the open; space in front of the Duke of York's. column, ''where :they halted. . ' We can talk here,' said Ribston;' 'Now, Sir Charles, it is df the late Lady Friarly I wish to speak. .Have you any reason to suppose she met with foul play?' 'By what right do you ask such an' im. pertinent question ?' asked. Sir Charles, drawing himself stiffly up. 'You needn't answer me without"you like,' said the detective; 'but my name's Ribston, and I'm from the detective department of Scotland Yard.' ' "., 'D-- the detective department, whit do I know or care about it ?' .cried - the baronet, hotly.. " 'Nothing, of course,. But we've got a complaint lodged' with us that:.Lady Friarly did not die fairly, and its our dnty to investigate it. Will you give. us what help) you cani?' ' Of course I will,' said Sir Charles, ' but I suppose you will do it with or wilh out my leave ?' ' We would rather do things p!easantly, Sir Charles.' ' As if anything of this sort- could be pleasant to me.' , . ' That's only my'way.of speaking. We will go down to Bingly to-morrow with an. analytical chemist to take' charge of..the parts that'will have to be examined;-:and: we take:our.own gravediggers and do' the thing quietly., There'isn't a house: near, hnd it is a chance ;if the people even so much as bear. of our visit.. S-'You suspect poison, I suppose ?' said Sir Charles, indifferently. : - r :'That's the .theory,'· replied Ribston.. 'Now what time will suit you ? iThere's a train from Shoreditch at nine. Is it too early?' . " 'No train could be too early, and, the sooner these unjust suspicions:are removed the better.' ' :: * ; ·.:" -, ; :* . :,.: * , .: : At nine then, Sir: Charles. ~oV'e, shall be at the ,tatison:. s ; . ' .;': : PIHe touched his hat and walked off with: the quiet air of a man taking- an; evening stroll .when the labotir of: the .day .was over, Sir Charles returning :with hasty' strides to liis club. '. ::-' ; : "' . :. : ':Who has roused them ?' he muttered. 'What enemy of mine has put:these ,wolf-; hounds on the scent ? But they will find nothing.' Sabotson said the poison was'a. vegetable one, and all trace of it is lost in' three days. I am safe enough. .'But it is deuced annoying. Latterly there seems to be a run of luck against me.',' '- * -i..: CHAPTER XXI. 'To H- E -N -w Where are you, da hvby ~lhve. ou so mysteriously di?s?~ peared ? Auxioiis" Write to post-office, Waltoin-oi-tlie Naze- N.E. . Ahl,! said Hugh ,Egerton, as he laid down.thde paper whichli iiits agony colihmii contained the ahove, it i. as thoughtless of me, bhiltI hasve scarce. cosidetred the fix my leavin g. may have put them.in.'' ' What's tih' maiter ?' iaked' ithe Dike of Blackfern; looking up'j ro~rn letters, he wasperuslng,. ' Nesbitt has advertised .for' mie,' replied Hugh,; anidi jddgihg by the address' hi, gives must li ve giuen tihe gi~ises the slip.'; ,Isn't it risky. dvertising;so plaintly?'g sa iliedhdiik e ancting at thet advertise ment. . S'?Not t ''all. The , Romny ieopl~l scorn to ieid and:t wit, and they niever look ait a newspapdr.' ,'Still. some baneir dnon ihe tribe may. see this notice anridspeak-of it, . 'I nd~ever thbuight of ihat;. There "is certditnly dainger in that direction.., Wliait would you advise me to do ?' i. Telegraph for your bibther to come up here.' Hugh and the.diuke wer. eheakfa?sting toether in the chiambhers of the latter inl Piccadilly. They i;ere still working un remittingly togethei to find.some trace of Pearld,but they were on the wrong s'cent. The ,police believed she hid coime to London and was hiding there, anil ..this opinion. was unfortunately a?ccepted. While toiah was being scoured in seaich of hbr shewas still a prisoner 'in Gaunt House slffering in both mintd and body.': Hugli finished liis breakfast and went out to the nearest post-office, from hlidch: he despatched a telegram to Walton-on-: the-N:aze, paying for a reply. ,In ar bot. tle reply come back. CCbm?sig up to, see youi b.e sure y0ou remain ait home. : . ... .. The duke veasgoinig.out, and he bade Hligih 'make use of the rooms as if they wverehis ovn. It-. was protable 'that he woild be away all day, but if Nslisiti.t came hie:hoped to make liis acquaintahce. ' .Ask.,him to stay io .'dinner, 'Egerton, said the du?ke. "' !.But bhe may have his gipsy wife with himi, saidHugh.. 'i t'i'h'at case ask tlihemni both, and give ou ?that we arr going toi a masquerade, Thel fellowvs who atterid, uIpon us. vill imrisediately recognise in her a diices'' disguised.' ! Hugh smiled, and said he would rien lioni the duke's' offer, Ibut he had no hope bflCourstycella accpiing' it.." : 'She 'scirce knows .the use of a knile atd fork,' he said, !'at least, in: a way we use .them.' ' What m atters?. said ihe" dsk; ch?eerily. ' My men will only thinktlhe djisguise more complete.' "Hughleft at home, killed the time, as las he was able by readirng t~le paper and tiiinkingnof Pearl wiose disappearance was beginning to weighivery ieavily utipon him. Days of. anxiety :and .niglits of sleeplessness were trying his.strength aind fast removing the healthy hue, from, his checks. But hel had .lost none, boflihis energy, and.was piepared to' go s:lirough fire and water?ii find ih ,' er " 'Lu'icheodis was lai?d at noon, aind hbe partook of it sparingly, still busy wiih. hlis thoughts. Ere ihe cloth was irenidved Nesbitt aitrived, sendiog"up his name as Mr. Simon. ''; ' So many strange people in ..connection vith.the inquiries going on h'd come to th'e dukle's room that'.tlihe servant was not at all sumrptiset d lwhen 'Nesbit, clad iti velveteeni, witli the kerchsief ef thie gipsy, red and iblue, aout his:? neck, ;'was ssked'tod come up Hugli immediately disniisshed ihe.srvant,sa)in g stsat thieitable could be A'.nd peihansi Mr; Sirmonl Will havesobme luncbhe',he said, ' All h'l 'iequires so :"I d~n tminid if i ?o'have 'something; o' ea~, sa:id Nessb itt, as theddoer closed, for I've l otdhIing sincs early thi morn'ng 'i' awfully. glad, Hiugh tht oiirad vertiseent found you so lpromptly: e 'have been very anxious, Who 'l is r e P' ~(; ''do's are'no l'~er iir sth the tribe? " t:o, 'said Nesbitt ;:\e i . '~lid6d dar.ou' prettysmiart't hi'eddy afferi" y leftW\hat hnad be'come of you was a mystery t sal hnd HIdrac andildriah ?wore .that you had Irbloken' yo>ior oa th a:nd b:olted 'They' elneatto b niurder Couitycellaand myself, hut 'slhe ha'plyoer P .ird rd'th'iti't?ing o ita'nd 'cleaired:oit,' : ..: 'Why did u go toWaltononthe Naze i" S-:'It ahappened to lie in.our wa?,.. We pent :triigtit off as hard: asi: de could:;e. SWhdtiat. briclk that Countycella isI,. did..not know. that she wass'armed until we were luder shelter, wiihen sbe p!roduced a. pair o'f pistols reani 'for Harac aind La;lati if they had overtalten us. I'm not up 'to much fighting. '. ,, ilI should think not, Nesbilt, Wi?el, what is your anxiety about me ? :" ; ' Countycella says they wili murder.you if you put yourself in their way. She sayys: England is not safe, and:we oiughlt to, go abroad.' '' I cannot go yet, for reasons tiatI'vlill eakle clear to you by-and bye, You and. Countycella can leave. If you. wanit mnoney I can get it for you.' ' You are awfully good as usual, HIIugh, but we have plenty fur our immediate use, and we remain in Englard until you are ready to go with us.' '\Vhat good will that do?' said Hugh, restlessly. 'You ca be of no use in the work I am engaged in--' SPerhapsi not,' said. Nesbitt, doggedly, 'but we: remain, nevertlheless. I suppose you cannot evenleave town ?' I -Not ht presena:.!-. :TThsenwe ~willcome ~ i.p arid live handy for you to ase us. ;iWe:bhall not be in your way, "I ,may tellef you that- even now moving about is risky''.: ' S'Tw.o men'canniot be everywhere,' said Hugh. S' You do not'-: understand,' -replied , Nesbitt. .: 'Measenger aire travelling east est, inorth, ? nd souuto with a description of us, truier?:than v could gidve of our. selves, an.l thiere is a command upon the Romany people to. slaf us. It is not openy warfare we have need to fear, but the secret assssioni Wlihen we are tracked domwo they,'iil do tiuch to get at us. Better come abroad at once, Hugh. I :No,' said Hdgh, and gavd him reasons for his remaining, which Nesbitt listened to aiid declared to;be unanoswerable. .You could not leave withr that doubt upon your mind,' he said, 'so I shall bhing Countycellh to soime:place in town. She looks 'awfully owvell in civilised toggery, althougli 'it isof the cheapest. You rUil say shliis trhe ihndsotiest woman you ever set eyes upon,' -- - ! cI.:oncede .that --bar one,' replied r~eplied Hugho miling': id ly. SAnd listen to me,' said Nesbitt, as he' irose to ol Ypou tirist to Couanlycelia and I'll' stake a ,year 'or two of my wretched existence that ehe is able to give you helpi. 'There is ho harm in confiding in her, Hugh said. 'The brbthers shook.hanids and parted, and Hugh, disregarding the 'warning he had:received, went out for a 'alk. He strolled about'until'sixo'clock, and' then sauntered back to ilite dtike's room to Iress for dinsier.? A message was awoaiting him there to say that the duke had miet some old' friends.at his club and would not return. Hugh was to. be sure to con. sider teli, place as his own. : n.e ,..is a. generous-hearted fello,,' Hugh murmuired, ' and :I don't think I will impose' upoiin him, : Why should I put him; to :the expdnse' of an elaborate dinner.whein :I an go and get a chop rOd aislint of .'sbftt for ae.couple of shillings ? ;So ":I-ugh :sauntered : out again and dined at a cafd i' Regent Street, lingering ov'er his'simple mI'eal unltil lialf-past eighi o'clock. Then he -lit a cigar and went '* 'Box o' lights,, sir ?' said an old wbman muffked iup anid ibrit nearly double. i :'Her voice iwasgruff with age or drink, presumably,' but she had glittering black eyes. ,!:.:: :*"'' None th'ank you,''said Hugh, turninn, into.Air Street: arnd-making for Golden Square ... ,-: . : 'The old woman followed him, not with the persistenice of her class, but swiftly and silently, until the .square, quiet as it generally is, was reached. i There Hugh fell ifito a saunter, musing as- was his .won't now, and unconscious oi thIe figuie behind him creeping nearer and nearer. - i Suddenly the old' woman's cloak wa, tossed aside, ; aid she stood erect, a woman.no longer but a. strong, powerfu inan--Harac 'by name.. He raised hii r'in', a knife glittered in the lamplight fto a moment, and then plunged into Hugh's back with terrific force. i -He staggered forward and fell, withou a groan, upon his face. H -Iarac glaiced rodnd: quickly, and sau that no, one' was near; then stooped down and tlirihst his hand under the pros trate.,form 'to' feel if the"heart was stil beating. : .ell: done,': , he: muttered, hastily withdrawing ;it. '' So;'perish all whd 'ira false to the Romiin~igyow I, '.: i Tossing the oldcloak. across. his arm he glided swiftly away, leaving pooriHug stretched out--cold 'aid still; ''. ... "* :;,CII; ' rPTER, XXII. ! '.iThou comue'st, .oh I autumn, heralded by the rain,' sang some poet 'long; and experience'teatchs' is that the poet lha not avatche'd tie .various phenomena oi nature . withouti. gaining . some wisdom. The: rain.. does come in advance uol aututmn anid' frequently keeps in close company i? iwi the season of decay. S,iNothingcan be: more beautiful than a fine dry autumn morning, but a wet one, ivilh :drizzling raini , :is peculiarly adapted to develop such i,;mbrbid feeling as lies within us--.in short, to raise what people of terse speaking cal the 'horrors.' . SSuiclh'a' morning fell" to the lot of Sir Charles Frial;y, nwhen hewent to ,keep hii appointment.with :Ribslon,: the detectire, in the Great Easteris Railway termin3inin Liverpool Street';"" "* "" . ' i, Early rising is a.. thing people of the baronet's classudo not cultivite,.'and they have especial:: abhorrence' of:it: it' tor: 1Their abbhorrence is justifiable, foirn'orii or ..woman can eixtract' eioymeie t 'ioutof London streets during ithe :early hburi sacred to mat beating/ street sweepningand other, deciedly 'necessary but slightly offensiveiperfo'rm''ance;s. ':' ... i..;No;lover of ithe:opera..could find a single'l swvet icadetice in *the itiinerant vendors cries.'Even' 'hoit rolls,' tlie mbst euphnioi'us; of them all, is scarcely better than a respectable groan. The screamsnt ithe .watercress woman and the wild, us. earthlly ''bark".of th 'e" milkman are things th'at mus't. hec'vehid their origin in Bedlam." i Sir.,Chairlesleaned gloomily back in 'the corner of his cab, surveying the buty p.destri: s)bi'sas' i.ttiey passed, panouama .like; before iiim. There were many grave and'ianxioul:t faces, but not all !were sad. 4mpng, the young there nai even joy, and boys going to work sang and 'ibiisiled; ?:cheerily'as robins in spring. i There :w'ere :flirtations, too, going on between servants more or less buxom and ivenid'irs of milk or butchers' men--flita. 'tioinsthat' bordered on real business of a maitrimonial nature, for love sits not in highlplaces alone. Milkmen and butchers are minortals and have hearts, and do-esic servants are women, with all the hopes and fears of their richer sisters in a modi fled forin. ' m ' . ' I never th'ought people could be happy at ti'is eni d of- the town,' thought Sir Charles ' where it is nothing but work wo1rkfrom.the cradle to the grave. Ha! ybui envy mie, do you ?' This in an under tone,.was thrown at a milkman who sur. veyed 'thie' .baronet with watery eye. * Perhaps if it could be arranged I would change with. you . .. 