Mabeis a Wonder. " Tho event of the evening was the finish fight botwoon Billy Maber, of Australia, and Frank Kelly, of San Francisco. Whon tho men faced each other iu tho ring, tho difference in size and do7olopmsnb was simply - absurd. Maber, who is 5ft lOin in lioight, weighs only 1311b, while Kolly, who is 5ft 8(in, weighs 1401b, and is as well proportioned Rn athloto as one could wish to to see. His arms, ohost, auil - shoulders wore big and muscular ) whilo his logs wero models of strength. Maber looked like nu attenuated ghost. His long legs wore liko perfect spindles, his thighs boing about tho size of a man's arm, wliilo his arms looked liko thoso of a man in tlio last stages of consumption. His ribs stood out like thoso of a furnished greyhound. Iu faot liis wholo appearaneo indicated that ho was a moro likoly eandiilato for the grave-yard than for pugilistic honors, and many wero tho ox- prossions of pity and derision. as tho men avoso and faced bach other. But oueo tho fight began the illusion vanished, and soon Kelly was receiving all tho pity, and ho was a most worthy object too, his fierce rushes and terrific blows wore utturly wasted, bccanse when Kelly "got there" Mabor was somewhere olsc. In tho first round Mabor never struck a blow ; lie simply walkod around Kelly, avoiding his rushes, and laugh ing at his fruitless efforts to land nu effootivo blow. In tho second round he soemad oven too lazy to tako tlio trouble to avoid all tho blows, anil consequently got one or two hoavy swings on tho head and ribs which caused hiin to smilo indulgently on Kelly, and ho ovon made ono or two light passes which wero moro like friondly pats than blows. Iu tlio third round Mabor jahbeil Kelly with lii8leftiuul gave him two rights on tlio jaw, and got away without a return. Tho fourth round opened by Maber punching Kolly in tlio noso with tho left and gotting away. Kolly then rushed and landed a hoavy right on Mabor's jaw, aud crowded him to tho ropes, giving him sevoral good punches, 'l'lio round closed apparently in Kelly's favor. Bulit was only apparently, for tho noxt round showed plainly that Mnber had simply beon taking Kolly's measnro, for ho now hegau to show his motal. Ho punched Kelly fivo times in suceossioii on tho noso and mouth with his left, without a return, Kolly's blows all falling far short. Tho sixth round was a ropetilion of tho fifth. Tho seventh Kelly innde a rush but his blows hud lost tho force and Maber made no offort to oithor avoid or return thorn. In tlio eighth, Mabor again woko up anil jabbed Kelly seven or oight timos with tho left, bringing the blood at evory blow. The ninth opoued tho same way, Maber looking at tho roforeo after ovory blow, in a manner wbicli - plainly said, " How long aro you going to lot this man eomo up to bo butohcrod?" Tlio orowd began to shout " Stop it I Stop it I" Tho rcferoe stepped into tho ring and sent tho mon to thoir corners just as Cliiof of Polieo Crowley arose anil camo to tho Bide of the ring. A fow faint objec tions wero hoard, but thoy wore drowned in tho storm of cheers which showod that tho orowd had no desire to sec a dofeucoless man battorod to pieces. Kelly was as game a man as oould bo, but lio was ontiroly overmatched by Maber. His stylo of fighting was good, ho was roally olover, and showed oxcellcnt train ing, but from tbo first it was a hundred to ono that ho could not possibly win. As for Maber it will indood be a bold light-weight who will faoc him. IIo is certainly fit to light tbo best man in his class." I clip tho abovo account from a now paper called tho Olympian, a smart, noat, raoy littlo California!! journal. Tho writer oviilontly gets right down to tho Shadow's real quality, and if ho backs his opinion in all tho fights Mabor has Lo'll soon havo dollars enough to quit fighting, for as snro as tho sun shines tho "Shadow will whip all tho light- woights America can produco. 