SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. {Copyright. \ By an M.D. Author of ' Under a Spell,' ' Victoria Cross Valour,' ' Science and Sin,' ' In Love with a Ghost,' ' Condemned to Death,' &c;, &o.; » CHAPTER II. A NEST OF COKSPIRATOMS. It was a curious sensation to my unhinged mind, and a kind of fear assailed mo aB I walked through the dark, almost deserted roads. Hut I threw this oeling off after I had advanced a Bhort distanqe, 'and occupied myself in endeavouring to fix upon in li tcl wherein to pass the night. I decided that f would go to one near Covent Garden as being a considei.ible way from Eavswater, where I livod, and as affording the means of an cnjoyablo walk. I'y the time I reached Kegent-street I had lost my elasticity of mind. The novelty of the scboolboy I k ? Irt ik bad worn off, and the heavy cloud once more settled on my brain with as much force as ever. I moved along as if in a dream, and such was my absentmindedness that I ceased to notice the direction I was taking, though I have a hazy recollection of turning into Leicester-square. I am perfectly ignorant of my subsequent perambulations, all my thoughts being concentrated on the strong desire for my soul to be snatched up into tlie heaven of its dreams. After a timo I woke up tc the realities of existence and found myself wander ing in a labyrinth of dingy streets which were entirely strange to me. The dinginess of tho nous?, was equalled by the filth of tho pavements and tin reeking odour which pervaded them. Lights were burning in many of the wretched tenements, and ribald Bongs or hoarse laughter indicated that Revelry was holding high court amongst his de graded followers, whilst a shrill shriek or two notified that Tragedy was not sleeping. I shuddered as 1 made up my mind that I had unwittingly strayed into a regular thieves' rookery, and,, as I had so thoroughly lost my bearings, I- was in a perfect dilemma as to how I should find my way out of it. I wandered on, scared out of my abstrac tion by the consciousness of the danger I was incur ring by loitering in this unsavoury neighbourhood, but after hali'-an-hour's attempt to regain civilisa tion I found myself upon the same spot where I first discovered that I had lost myself. No one was in the street to whom I could appeal for direction, hence my only chance consisted in seoking assistance at some house that looked more respi'.ctablo than the others. Kut it seemed a choice of evils, for each one had the appearance of being as evil and unoanny as its neighbour. However, I was getting tired, and as necessity has no law, I boldly marched up to tho first which shewed signs of waiting life, aud was about to knock when I found tho door yield to my pros ure. I pushed it open further, and stood in tho passage undecided as to my next movements, .for the low suppressed voices I heard in the room to my right were not very encouraging. Whilst I hesitated, I listened for a favourable break in the conversation to intro duce myself and my wants to the notice of the foreign gentlemen who were talking so earnestly, but what I heard did not reassure me, and I speedily ascertained that I had stumbled across a nest of conspirators. Any other man in my situation would have quietly withdrawn from the house and so removed himself from a very perilous position, but whilst I was overhearing the details of an ugly assassination scheme, the terrible despair and the dark cloud fell on me and I forgot my danger, my whereabouts— everything except tho insaner overwhelming longing for one brief glimpse of Elysium. My forgetfulness was rudely shattered by feeling a powerful grasp thrown around mo, whilst a babel of voices uttered ourses, not loud but deep, and accompanied by many uncomplimentary epithets, amongst which tho word mouehard figured largely. Scarcely conscious of my surroundings, I was dragged, dazed and stupefied, into the room Iliad previously meditated entering. My hands were tied behind my back, my legs were securely fastened, and in this ignominious plight I was forced into a chair. I had leisure to look around whilst my captors withdrew to the further end of the room and con sulted as to my fate. I counted eight men; most of them French, though I. detected both a German and an Italian accent, amongst them They appeared to belong to the labouring class, but their leader, evidently a Frenchman, possessed a refined manner and an aristocratic bearing, which seemed singularly out of place amongst tho brutal ruffians who were gathered around him. Although the conversation was carried on in a low tone, yet the gestures of the majority coupled with certain ominous words auch as 'spy' and 'death' made me feel more un «omfortable than I could liavo imagined possible, considering how often I had prayed for a dissolution of the body which would bring me face to face with' those eternal joys I had as yet only tasted in visions. The King of Terrors was more fearful when he stood over me than when I viewed him from a distance. Presently the voices grew louder and tho. dis cussion became heated. 'He must die ' exclaimed two or three ruffians together. ' Our safety de pends upon it.' . 'I fail to see the necessity of violence,' remarked the leader, who was evidently averse to bloodshed. ' Then if our scheme proves abortive you will be answerable,' roplied a saturnine^looking individual, who looked as if he had sworn to eschew soap and water for the natural term of his existence. 'Ho cannot have heard very much of our plans,' argued the leader, 'and consequently can divulg6 very little.' ' Who is ho? Make him explain his reason foi intruding,' exclaimed a voice. ' There spoke commonsensa,' said the leader, who immediately turned round and walked slowly to where I was sitting. 'What is your name ?' he continued, addressing mo. . . 'Gerald Gray.' 'Your profession ?' 'A certified lunatic.' Tho leader's eyes flashed fire at my answer. ' 1 must beg you not to bo flippant,' ho replied. 'To perpetrate a joke when you are at tho point of death is tho worst possible taste.' 'I was never moro serhms in all my life!' was my reply. Indeed, I really began to fear that my uncle was not so very far wrong when he deemed it expedient to keep mo under surveillance, for the first result of taking my liberty. into my own hands was to-iand me in thiB unpleasant dilemma. The leader of this gang of desperadoes was so evidently a gentleman that I determined to throw myself upon his mercy by making a clean breast of everything. This. I accordingly did, and my ac count of myself seemiul to satisfy him, for he informed his comrades that his impressions concern ing me were favourable. At least half of the men wore bout on assassina tion, and they, therefore received the chiof's report with disgust. 'Stab him!' they vociferated. 'If you don't wo'll denounce you as a traitor! ' 'He is an Englishman,' answered the leader, calmly. 'His compatriots give U3 a safe asylum when the gates of other nations are closed in our faces. If his murder wero to raiso a hue-and-cry against us where should wo find a resting-placo ? Lei us be prudent, my friends, and even postpone the execution of tho greatest traitor rather thf.n jeopardise our own safety and that of our society.' 'Tho captain is right! ' muttered two of the murder party. 'But we ought to keep the man in custody, and oxecuto him later on, if necessity arises.' ' Docs tho last opinion express the feeling of us all ?' asked the leader, looking round. 'Yes, yes,' was the unanimous verdict. 'Your lifo is spared for tho present,' he con tinued, turning to mo. 'Uutyou will bo closely guarded, and will have to accompany us wherever wa go. Let me give you a final word of warning. Any attempt to escape, or to communicato with the outsido world, will involve your immediate assassi nation.' A gloomy hopelessness, amounting almost to despair, wrapped me in its sombre mantle Lifo and liberty became of inestimiibln value when they both seemed slipping away. All my contempt, for death vanished, and thu world looked a much fairer upot than I had hitherto thought it; In the wakened Btnte of my mind emotion conquered physical power, and I bKfttno wrapped in the sudden darkness cl *$&§- ' . —_-.... ? CHAPTER III. MONSIEUR LE MAllQmS. By the side of a wide open gate, a' young girl was Intently gazing up the dusty stretch of road which led from the little village of St. Iiracque to the feverish, ever-restless metropolis of France. As ?he stood there in an attitude of unconscious grace, shading her eyes with one hand, whilst tho other rested gently on the topmost bar of the gate, the vivacious peasants who passed and ropassed oa thoir way home from work, held their breath as they beheld the Madonna-like vision, and murmured 'she is as beautiful as an angel.' And beautiful indeed was Ethel Brandon ! Stand ing there in the setting sun with a flood of golden rays lighting up her fair hair ; with dainty blossoms detached by the gentle breeze nestling here and there upon her ? tresses ; with her deep blue eyes gazing earnestly into the gathering twilight, and with her features illuminated by a smile, sweet and longing — she was a living impersonation of all tho grace, beauty, and softness which man, by common consent, associates with the Madonna. Presently, the dim outline of a figuro far awav up the long straight road loomed dark through the slight grey mist, and its appearance aroused tho girl from her expectant attitude into one of eagerness. A bright, glad look swept over her features as sho briskly moved forward to meet tho rapidly advanc ing gentleman, and in another two minutes hor hand was clasped in his. . : 'Oh, Jack!' she exclaimed, 'I feared that, you must have mot with an accident, for you promised to be home at six o'clock, and it is now nearly half past eight.' 'What a nervous littlo sister it is ! ' roplied Jack Brandon. 'But I assure you that I am perfectly safo aud sound, and my detention in Paris was due to my meeting a certain person who inquired most tenderly after you. Now can you guess who it was ? ' 'I have not the least idea,' said Ethel. 'I know none of our friends who aro likely to be at present in Paris.' ' Have you quite forgotten a certain foreigner to whom you wore introduced a few months ago, and who was your most devoted slave during the whule of your stay at the Lorraines ? ' 'You surely cannot mean that handsome Mar quis ? ' asked Ethel with a slightly heightened colour. 'How quick you are at guessing ! 'laughed Jaciw. 'Yes, I really mean your, admirer, the Marquis de Dijonnais. He was so plrased to see me' that for a moment he forgot his usual high-bred sang- froiil,nnd gesticulated so energetically that had I been in London instead of Paris people would have taken my friend for a maniac. We stood talking in the road for at least a quarter of an hour and now I come to think of it, the whole of that time was taken up in inquiries after Mademoiselle Ethel — her health, her impressions of France and the French, her engage ments for the next week, and so forth. Then we dined together, and ho was dcsale that an appoint ment prevented his accompanying me home to pay his respects to you.' 'He was a. most delightful companion,' remarked Ethel.as her thoughts went back to the very pleasant visit she had paid soon after Christinas to her friends the Lorraines, in Hampshire, and where sho had found the French Marquis already domiciled. 'He is likely to keop up hi3 character,' said Jack. 'His conversation during the whole of the dinner was upon one theme — that of making you extract the greatest possible enjoyment out of your visit. His mind-was full of picnics, excursions, picture galleries, churohes, theatres— in short of everything that would be capablo of appealing to the heart of the female form divine. Now don't throw cold water upon his benevolent intentions, because if you il&, we shall both miss a splendid opportunity of seeing the inner lifo of the Parisians. 'I shall be too delighted at being initiated into the ways and manners of the gay French capital, to offer the Slightest opposition to the Marquis's' pro posals,' replied Ethel. 'Would you be equally pleased if he made you a proposal ? ' asked her brother significantly. 'Don't be so ridiculous, Jack. The Marquis is very pleasant and very kind, but ho does not meditate such an absurdity as you hint at.' 'I asked you a plain question, which referred to your feelings not the Marquis's, and therefore I claim a brother's right to receive information.' 'Then you must prevent the Marquis from spoil ing our pleasure, by watching for an opportunity of making him aware tkat my affections . are pro engaged,' replied Ethel in a low voice, and blushing rosy red. .,'??'. ' What nonsense ! ' answered Jack with a slight sneer. 'Do you wish me to believe that you still have any regard for that maniac Gray ? Come, be sensible, and convince yourself that a marriage with him would be an utter imjojsibility.' 'All, Jack, do not adopt that tone in speaking of your old schoolfellow,' said Ethel, with a sob. 'He is not mad in the ordinary acceptation of tho word, for his clinging sweetness to me since his illness has shewn a desperate depth of real feeling, such as would be an impossibility with a lunatic.' ' You have a very extraordinary manner of judg ing his case,' answered Jack impatiently. 'To my mind, his last escapade is conclusive proof of his unsound intellect. No man who wished to bo con sidered sane, would steal out of tiis house in tho night like a thief, and voluntarily cut himself off from comfort, home, and friends, and sedulously conceal himself from all who wish him well. Gerald Gray has done this as the final climax of his madness.' 'I may not possess so much intellect as you, but I have a woman's power of instinctively jumping to right conclusions,' replied Ethel, with suppressed indignation. ' I am sure that Gerald's mind will one day recover its healthy tone, and I am convinced that ho is not absenting himself from mo of his own ' free will. I cannot give you any reasons for think ing thus, but I know I am right.' 'I cannot permit you to carry this folly any farther,' said Jack. 'The chavces are that Gerald Gray has gone out of your lifo for over, and there fore your sentimental ideas concorning him had better be diasiputod at once. As your natural guardian, 1 tell you, once for all, that should Gray by any chance ever turn up again, I would oppose your marriage with him.. I am anxious to sec yci well settled for lifo, and I'forcsun that this desirable couBiinuration will happen uuder the icgis of our friend tho Marquis if you only play your cards properly.' ? 'This is the first time you have over presumed to assume authority over me,' said Ethel, sorrow fully. 'Our father's death has, to a certain extent, placed me in your power, but I most emphatically declare that neither you nor anyone else shall dictate to mi) on such a solemn subject as that of matrimony. If you will take my advice, you will discourage the Marquis do Dijonnais should ho endeavour to force his attentions upon me, for I will nevor entertain tho least thought of marriage whilst poor Gerald is living, or whilst his fato is wrapped in mystery.' 'Come, drop these heroics, and condescend to tOiiimon-sen'.e,' replied Jack. 'Our income is a rwiall one, but it is enough for us two whilst wo live together. Now, I shall waut to get married some day, possibly sooner than you imagine, and then you will have barely a sufficiency to enable you to live in a third-rato boarding house, amongst a lot of people whoso manners will disgust your ideas of 'refinement. I am anxious to save you from such a miserable existence, and your acceptance of the Marquis's devotion will raise you to a good position in society aud obviate all the horrors c» seiilrol piiuprrisin.' 'Aro you not counting rathrr foo much upon the Marquis's intentions in regard to me?' asked Ethel. 'Don't bo hypocritical !' was the rejoinder, 'You know perfoctlyjwcll'that had ?youj given him the least encouragement last January, you would have had him at your feet.' ^^Jgg 'Porhaps that may be true, . but it was sever, months ago, and men can alter their minds pvei and ovor again in that time ! ' 'It is useless- to argue tho qneBtion,' replied hei brother.' 'You aro now in full possession of mj iduas and wishes upon this subject, and for yom own sake you had hotter try to fall in with thorn. Tiro Marquis will be here to-morrow morning, and J b.'g that you will rucuiyu him with cordiality.' A petomptoririess In her brother's tome wounded , Ethel deeply. Tears started to her eyes at these .- first symptoms of tho conversion of fraternal love into something very much like a hostile attempt to. coorco her moat sacred feelings into a channel which could lead to nothing but unhappiness. A French Marquisatn offered- no attraction so sweet as .. that of life with Gerald, restored to the full health ' ,__, and strength of manhood ; and as she stood confront- , :: ; ing her brother, sho mentally resolved that nothing should induce her to give her hand without her heart. Her answer was tinged with a bitterness very oreign to her sweet nature. 'Of course I shall receive the Marquis with the cordiality he has dono nothing to forfeit. Hut let mi-. tell you that though we are in France, I do not intend to submit myself to/this nation's method of arranging marriages. I claim, oven against your will, the right of consult ing my own inclinations.' 'Very well, then,' replied Brandon. 'Hug your delusions, and cherish them. But when the proper moment arrives, I shall find means to overcome your obstinacy. You may rest assured that such a brilliant match will not be allowed to fall through on account of your absurd whims and fanciest' 'Then I can only hopo that you havo misread Monsieur de Dijonnais's feelings,' said Ethel. 'He is a very agreeable man, and I should be sorry to inflict any disappointment upon him, as I should bo forced to do if ho proposed to ina.' 'Are you declaring war against me ? ' demanded Brandon, angrily. 'As you wish !?' replied Ethel, with a shrug of her shoulders. 'I should much prefer to regard you. as a- brother, but if you insist upon, outraging my strongest, my holiest feelings, I shall resist you to tho utmost. Our future affection therefore rests with you, to preserve or to mar, according as your polioy of worldliness sways you.' ?' Is your opposition Bimply based upon your sentimental regard for Gray, or is it dictated by any other motive ?' asked her brothor, impatiently. 'Have I not given you motive enough ? ' replied Ethel. 'A marriage without, love is godless, and could produce nothing but- lifelong misery. With respect to Gerald, I knew him as a bright, intel lectual boy whose manliness and winning ways captivated my girl's heart. I admired him when I was a child of 16, but I loved him passionately at the time his illness first seized him. No matter how strange and eccentric his manner may have been with others, to- me it was always sweet and gentle. Whero you saw madness, I perceived nothing but high and noble aspirations struggling to free . thninsolves from a captivity which so inscrutably held them. He was thoroughly conscious of this, and often spoke to me of it, and of his confidence ia finally coming off a conqueror. Though his con dition of health restrained him from declaring his love, yet his voice, eyes, and manner all told me that he lived for mo alone. Havo you heard enough to convince you that my heart is so absorbed in Gerald's, that it has no room for anyone elBe ? Surely, after this confession, you will cease to persecute mo, and allow me to await in. peace my lover's return.' 'Your ideas are monstrous, and even if you possessed all the wealth of Golconda instead of having a very moderate income, I would never sanction an alliance with a man who has been declared mad by the law of England. Your opinion ts to his sanity is of value only to yourself, tut the sooner you agree with the majority the better it will be for you. Some wise man stigmatises love »3 a state of temporary lunacy, and upon my word [ begin to believe that, in your case at least, there 13 somo truth in tho definition ! Shako off your lunacy, look upon life as an evil to bo got through S3 comfortably as possible, and then you will rjcogniao nvy superlative wisdom in counselling you to regavd a muiiayc du conteiia-iet as a very deairabla thing.' ? .-....' ( j'o be continued.) AMERICAN FUN'. Great thoroughness of detail was displayed by the American amateur actors and acresses who recently asked to be allowed to rehearse a marriage ceremony in. a New York church. The rector refused thoir. request. There was no fee attached to tho job. An American lady is bitterly complaining that a Pressman who interviewed hor described her dross at great length, but quite neglected hor talents and her brains, lleporters are naturally given to describing .. what is most conspicuous. A New Youk millionairess who could not find a mirror good enough for her in New York bought a beautiful one in Paris, but wasn't sho mad to find that it was of American make, and could bo bought for £50 loss on Brondway. 'Halloo, Willie! ' said a. small boy, as he mot a comrade in the street about dusk, ' yer mother's lookin' fer ye.' ' Is she ? ' ' Yes. She's got the ' whole family 'out and she's goin' on terrible. She says you wore the pride of her heart and was goin' to be the comfort of her old ago.' ' Go 'way ; shn didn't? ' ' Honest. Sho says sho nover did see one so smart fer yer age nor such a comfort around tho « house. You'd better go on home.' ' I was hurryin' with all my might. But are you sure she said all them things ? ' ' Yes, aud a lot inoro. Go on ; she's waitin' fer ye now.' ' Well, I don't know. 1 tell yo, Jimmy, I'm mighty doubtful in my mind about whether I hadn't better stay lost.' A LiTiiooiiAi'iiiNG establishment in Buffalo recently received from a western customer a circular noto nn nouncing tho death of tho head of the firm. It was given to tho clerk with instructions to write a letter of condolence in reply, and this is whnt ho supplied : ' Wo are greatly pained to learn of the loss sustained by your firm, and extend to you our heartiest sym pathy. We notice that tho circular you sent us an nouncing tho death of Mr. ? 'a death is litho graphed by Chicago parties. We regrot that you did not see it in your way to let us figuro on this job. Tho next timo there isa bereavement in yotir houso wo shall bo glad to quote you on lithographed cir culars, and aro confident that wo can give you better work at less cost than anybody else in tho business. ,. Trusting we may soon havo un opportunity of quoting your prices, we remain, with profound sympathy, yours truly.' A man hailing from Wisconsin eloped with his employer's wife, and left the following noto for the bereaved husband: 'I havo tooked your woman ; but you ar wolcum to my last week's wugos, which I didn't draw ; and I hoap thnt squares things.' Ground l'on Anxiktv. — Jacks : ' What's tho matter, I'agloy ?' Faglcy : ' I'm a littlo troubled ovor what. Larkins said when I le.nt him f-0 dollitrs.' Jacks: 'Well, what was it?' Fagley : ' Ho said ho could never repay me.' On tmi; Sixth Avcxui: EinvArun.— ' It is very cold on this platform,' said Cholly Qrmmloaf, as ho stood waiting for a Harlem train to urrivo at the Grand-street Station. ' It may be,' returned tho ticket-chopper, guardedly, ' but, tho uoxt station is Bleecker.' Knocked a Waooon Si'bf.piii.ess. — First Darky: ' Whin- did yo' get dat lilind ?' Second Darky : ' It fell off a winder down street and knocked a wagon speechless.' First Darky (in surprise): 'Speech- less?' Second D«rky: 'Yiih, nigger; broke do tongue!' ' Papa,' said Johnny, 'didn't George Washington ever toll a lie ?' ' Never, my son.' ' Then how did ho geL his clinch on politics?' A man will milk » dozen blocks To take a man a dun, Then walk sixteen before- ho stops To get away from one. A wkaltiiy man was asked not long ago to Bub eeribo to a worthy charity. ' 1 Bhnuld liko to con Iributo,' said ho, ' but I havo 800,000 dols. in tho bank not earning a cont, and I roally can't afford it.' A Jokh on tub Mihd-Bbawbb.— Cholly Slim leigh : ' I don't boliovo in mind-weadoha, you know.' Misa Alert: 'I supposed thoy could do anything.' Slimleigh : ' They're all fwaudp, all i'wauds. Wo had ono at tho club last night, ye know, und he twied to wead my mind. Made a failuro of it — total failure. Had to givo it up.' Mies Alert.-. ' Bon't you think the joko was crnol?' Slimleigh: 'Thoro wasn't any joko about it, I assuah you. He twied and twied and couldn't mako anything out of it. But we twoatod him well — gave him all fho cigawcttos ho would smoko aud told him wo didn't doubt Usability to wead ohdinawy mind*, you know, to make him fool comfortable.' Miss Alert: ' Poor fellow !' ? Knbw Where He Was, — Ho didn't seem familiar with tho place, and without taking into consideration tho symptoms of spirits about him, ho was evidently a stranger to the district of Columbia. Thoro wero several young men who woro in looking for what they called fun. They directed ono remark after another at tho victim of conviviality, and finally ono of thorn ?laid:- 'I'll bet a dollar ho doesn't know what state Iio'b in.' ' So will I,' echoed another ; ' hero it is. I'll put it up.' And he hold a coin bolwoon his flngors. 'I take (hie) tho bet,' was tho response. ' Gen'men, I'm (hie) in tho state of intossiontion, an' _ I know it. Gimmo zhor dollar.' And it had to bo ^* given up to avoid troublo, for tho winner of tho bet I -t..-.V to his rights. 