I PORTFOLIO. i - Ci usksTAs.-Thuse great Gospel songs which heralded the incarnation of Sthe Son of God, the Magnific(tfthe .Benedictus, the song of- tlie angels, were themselves but the prelude to the life of the 'fMan of Sorrows." They are followed immediately by Rachel Sweeping for her children at Bethlehem, and the flight from the sword of Herod. Bntyet in those dreadful dayson earth, of blood and pain, and triumphant Siniquity, there was peace in heaven and Sthe joy of the angels; for amid the Sclouds and storm of the conflict which men could not see through, the angels knew wco was conquering. He is conquering and to conquer still. All falsehood, all cruelty, all selfishness, all oppression and tyrrany are to fall be fore Him. Amid the darkness of our life, the hope of man is still on Him, as fixed and sure as ever it was. He will not disappoint man of his hope. This season bids us look up, in spite of every thing, and lift up our heads. Come what may, nothing can efface the mark which Christmas has made in the rolls of time--" for us men and for. our sal vation, He was incarnate by the Holy Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man." Let us, in spite of noise and turmoil, of fear or of sorrow, give that its due place in our hearts. Let not private trouble, nor the march of the world and the crash of its inflicting powers, drown its holy call. It speaks to us, if we will but listen; it speaks as it did on that first Birthday of our Lord ; of the "peace beyond all understand ing"; of the "joy unspeakable and full of glory," with which apostles and saints and martyrs went through life and death to God. Let as receive deep into our heart of hearts its lessons: its lesson of reverence, its lesson of purityý its lesson of humility: its lesson of not trusting in the arm ofjfles--ir qnything more than truth and goodness and the will of God-its lesson of thankful and adoring ioy. And may He who was once presented veiled in human flesh before human eyes, and who is now presented / unveiled to our memories and faith in the truth and majesty of what He real)J is, grant us-all, in His own good dty to behold Him face to face and eto eye, where .sints and angels and' te I companies of the blessed rpjoice/r ever in the light of His countenanc,-Deat Church, in "Sermonsfor the/eOPhl 