ffirumba. Clear. "Ghost6." -Cyelorama. Sick market. Candid friend. Ministers safe. Climbing dowq. . Society scandal' Political tmibide..' Bad generalship. A royal disgrace. ^ Jnst a sjprink'tbg. A raid on laziness. . Shannon comine in. Cotton's oligarchies. ' Monarchy imperilled. College football jnatch. ; Mr. Gilmore is mending. . Scramble for the siuplns. . : A little life in the CotmdI. Dickens' Christmas CaroL Doctor Chief Justice Way. \- Wealthy baronet disgraced. Sir Arthur Blyth improving. Tummy lurched by the Press. . Pretty scene on the Zlarthage. \ Mr. Hagtle speaks to the point. ; Barometw at noon to-day, 29*60. ; Now, who is Kirfcpatriek'e hitter. • AllerdaJe fairly got upon the subject . . " Politics is the incarnation of selfishness. . Mr. Mackie's Committee meets to-night. - Slashing all round by the only Allerdale. \ Sir W. Gordon-Cnmming has a rich mfe. ! Appealing to the great heart of the people, j Born to a crown and grovelling in a gutter. , Prince of Wales bastinadoed by the Times. The Doctor needs somebody to glorify him. , Senior member for Wallaroo had a good grip. Mail steamer passed at 9 o'clock this morn ine. .-'*.•' \- Old fossils love a little play with labour leaders. If he is too good a man for politics let . him leave.it. ' ' , r f- Treasurerwill have a credit "balance of £60,000. Will there be- any log-rolling for that $50,000? Yesterday saw the last of the Exchange verandah. Money Order Office removed to .Torrens Chambers. ' Tories fearing result of card scandal on minds Qf electors. ' . Somebody qualifying for a dance's hat made of foolscap. "•-.-.' Mr. Castine extorted a fact of great interest to logralleis. Twenty oases-down for hearing at the Police i Court to-day. We are putting more and more faith into the wine indtistiy. j What a stew ^irkpatrfct gofc into oyer the governor's hat. .>•*•• • What does it matter '.who your hatter is if it suits your style? ' Mr. Cock wbuld ally himself with Old 'Nick given the purpose.' Short and pithy addresses .coming into fashion in the Eiouse. Dr. Cockbum forgets that hiB followers deserve consideration. - ; Whole injury of Ctimmings's case has fallen on 'ihe^Piince of Wales. i It ia time the Prinoe of Wales stopped sowing Gratidla.ther, too., , ^Clapepeoplfi ;a®e jnaking £100 an acre ofi ortiards andvineyards.i Staking the.most brilliant . throne in the. 4orld ion a gaining table. - ; A dispute whether a'"labour- agitator or Kbby Kjoes the leaat^vork. }"ltf afr President ^of the Trades and Labour CotmcD wae to," ftc. 'Oh Lor' 1 !• Of«ouise £irk xmnld neither wear the hat xfofyettaktethe (%vernor ? eecrew! • His Honor the Chief"Adulator is veiy properly, made a doctor of civil law. | Parliamentary oratory oovers a multitude of critical and hypocritical statements, j; In J740 South Carolina rmpceed £100 penalty in sny person teaching slaves to wnta. \ The worst feature of politics is that men forget that others deserve consideration. The Prince of Wales has suffered more injuiy in public esteem than the Baronet. Sun rose at 7.7 a.m. ; sets at 4.51 p.in. Moon rose at 10.45 a.mT^ sets at 9.3 p.m. England is. roused like a strong man to denounce the folly of the Prince of Wales. Hon. A. Kirkpatrick would vote for abolition of Upper House on six months' notice. Would Kirk's - sknll split if h$ wore Windsor'hat. and drew. the" screw attached to it ? The history of that verandah is an ample history of human nature, particularly as to its follies " Eight thousand meil were engage! in clearing the streets of Vienna after one of the January snowstorms. Hon. A. Kirkpatrick ddes not believe there re ifty Trades Unionists outside East Torensin the Southeni District. - Siam, one of the most backward countries in the 'woild, is to have an electric railway 30 miles long, and costing $400,000. . The power expended in Niagara is as great as would be provided, for steam engine purposes, by £56,000,000 worth of coal a year. Bad boy Bertie bac? better take a leaf, out of his wife's book, whose motto and aim in life is tp do good and mind her own business. Will Mr. Kirkpatrick please give the names of men who have lost their work through the opening of Parliament, also their employers ? Two mountain tribes of the Caucasus are emigrating in large numbers to Turkey. Russian settlers are not slow to take possession of theiriands. The time was in ancient Greece when a law of Pittacus enacted that "he who commits crime' when drunk shall receive a double punishment;" one for the crime itself, and the other for the inebriety which prompted him. to commit it. " The only excuse was that .the Ministry were not working together. . They were jealous of each other, and all at sixes and sevens. Perhaps the reason was that it was the first time they had such a foreign Ministry. They had to go to Germany for their leading lawyer, and to America for their head schoolmaster— (laughter)—but so far asthe Treasurer was concerned in the management of - the .colony he < seemed all abroad." That's Grainger on the Mixustiy.' .. Hon. A, A. Kirkpatrick—**He repudiated with scorn the idea tha£ he and certain other iiew members had oome into the House to legislate in the interests of any particular section of the community. He divided the people into two sections—those who worked and those who didn't. (Hon. J. Darling— J Who don't work?' Hon. |E. Ward—'Labour agitators.') Mr. Ward was not a very industrious man. (Hon. A. R. Addison—'He has done more work than ycni have during the last few years at any rate.') He would endeavour to decreas e -thetttunber of those who didn't'work, and who! ived on the labour of others. (Hear, hear.)"- Tax.—Now .then, ye military heroes, who hire yoni-selves out to be shot at like targets of JjraBS, what say ye to this ? On June 11,1294, Boger Bacon, a presumed descendant of Ham, •and the reputed inventor of gunpowder, "bade the world farewelL" And this is just .what that moraliser has to say rt tbe use of that explosive:—"It is an article of destruction, which modern warfare has carried to an if tolerable only to those who have endeavoured to -persuade the world that . in ,tbe ratio that medical science has diminished diseases, some other .counteracting science must necessarily be invented to level, down the population to the , means of nourishment. But if our earth should ever be found too small to feed its inhabitants in even a state of universal peace, let these gentlemen of the balance consider whether certain prescribed rules of temperance would not produce the same effect; for undoubtedly the amelioration of human misery, of all those evils which may be remedied by the labours of philanthropy, is a boon exacted by the Creator from the unshackled accummulating enemies of man alone." I have no idea what the author means, but, of course, it's all serene. 