THE HOUSE OF RIMIMON. " STORY:O' THE ".BLACK COUNTRY" OPb' SOUTH" STAFFORDSHIRE. By JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of " AUNt San?tv's Two LEGaCIxS," Tro. CHAPTER XII. (Comriawuno). Itourafter hour the crowd watched, refusing to stir. Rinimon and Hlackbit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke-was still issuing from the mouth of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on.. Murdock .with his com panions continued in consulfationi. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. "Do you think an effort can be made now?" he asked in a voice quite sober. " I shall go down with the first cage." A cry of "brave man" was heard in a woman's voice, clear and silvery. It sounded like a musical-bell amid all that tumult. Hack. bit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was looking for the owner of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she had- hidden herself immediately. Hack bit's u uick eye had followed her, however, and Le dashed after her at once. " Oh, cousin," he exclaimed, in a reproachful tone, "why have you made us all so miser able?" The girl hung her head. "I only went to hide my own misery," she said gently. "I didn't think anybody cared" "I care very much," responded Hackbit. Believe me, cousin I fooeel more for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring back happiness to you ;" and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetic since he last beheld them, and looked larger and darker for the dark circle that now surrounded them. How pinched her little face had grown ! Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. " Whose baby have you got ?" he asked. "It belongs to thatpoor woman down there,"' replied Kizzy, indicating with her finger. "She fainted, and the baby full from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death." " Is there nobody the child can be given up to?" asked Iackbit. "I don't know." "Perhaps the mother will come to," aug. gested Hackbit. Mr. Rimmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it was, he recog. nised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then; and what a scandal it all was, her disappearance, and her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living Uir1!l Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, "Kiizzy, my child !" And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that had come over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. ' Come home with thy father, child," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his daughter. " Let us look for the child's mother," said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely be twenty from her looks. One of the nume. rous doctors upon the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon re marked that her trouble was over, at any rate; she was dead. "Has this poor girl no relatives-no one who would take charge of the baby?" asked Mr. Rinimon of the bystanders. " She has neither kith nor kin, neither has her poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine." "Come home with me, Kizzy," said Mr. Rimmon again. "I will try and be kind to you ;" and he made no objection tolher carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumley town, the numerous low public- houses blazed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their grief: vile traps, catching the miserable, and heaping anguish upon them under the guise of Comfort. The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed after. wards, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times a U.disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pits. This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it up. It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone, "Above all, cross her in nothing." Unnecessary advice, how ever, for Mr. Rimmon was not disposed to cross her. At the end of the Old Park Hackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his steps. He was soon again in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. He had got about half.way across, when a rumbling sound, followed by a crash, startled him. It was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As HIackbit passed through the town, he was much tempted to enter one of the public-houses, 'but he resistated the temptation. "Hung it all," be thought; "let me go into the jaws of death sober." When he reached the pit's mouth a cage was waiting to be lowered. "Wait for me," he cried. iMturdock was in the cage. "Don't you go, for God's sake," Hackhit said. " You are needed to right the wrongs." There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on thepart of Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emergencies. There is never a cry for volun teers. There was a lull in the crowd as the cage was lowered and those few brave men descended to rescue some few, if possible, of the hundreds shut up in that fiery prison. A white- chokerod young gentleman of some three and twenty years, with a very wide brimmed clerical hat, ventured to make a remark to some women in his neighbourhood, about submitting themselves to the will of Providence. "Shut thy - mouth," cried one of the women, " or we'll chuck thee down th' pit." They looked so much like carrying nut the threat that the curate moved away as fast as he could with any idignity. Some jeers were thrown after him, and one of the women said, "It's always the saamo gate. WV mun be patient, when wages is so low as we havener coow to eat. If our children dis of th' fever, orour lads i' th' explosion, it's the visitation of *PubishedB pelalb aersseement with Mesers. God. Oh, it's the plague o' parsons is the worst plague the Lord ever sout us --curse them." These words fell on the ear of an elderly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to he of use to somebody: and he said to the woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterncss '"We clergy are great blunderers, I fear: but believe me, we would do better if weknewhow. Indeed, mf. heart bleeds for you to.night." " Ah! if all th' parsons was like you, we wouldner curse them," replied the woman. There seemed to be something happening at the pit's mouth now. Thecrowdmoved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over the pulley. "Stand back," cried the police. The mouth of the pit was fillel by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches revealed Hackbit aud another, each with a black burdenin his arms. The charred masses they carried were human beings. Blankets were held by the four corners, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggeos. The crowd had almost to be beatenback now, it surged so powerfully towards the' bodies, in order, if possible. to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. "The fire's still burning in the north cut ting," said Hackbit. "We daren't go near there." ' -The signal.was" given to lower, and down" went those brave men again. After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, some thirty bodies, six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIII.-AT Hoar. AosAr. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the little orphan baby hadreached the dismal house. The door was opened by Mrs. Rimmon herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. She woke the baby, and it began to wail piteously. Mrs. Rimmon was not at all surprised to see the baby. She was accustomed to her daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and strays. It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. .1 hen 1izzy had been placed in her father's chair, she stut.ed faintly, and asked that the Sab'y might be fed. Mrs. Rimmon busied her self in taking off. her daughter's shoes and stockings; they were soaking wet. She then proceeded to put the little white feet into a hbot bath, and Sarah, having fed the baby and placed it'in an improvised bassinotte. brought some tea for her young mistressin an incredibly short time. Kizzy triedto raise her head from the chair, but she could not: so Sarah raised her and gave her the tea. A kind of fog gathered on the girl's mind, and she seemed to be in a different place, with different people; yet she frcquently recurred to the baby, and asked piteously that it might be looked after. " It's fast aslees like a little angel," said Sarah, " in a clothes basket by the kitchen fire." Kizzy closed her eyes on hearing this,, and remained white and motionless. "' Don't you think we had better send for the doctor ?" suggested Mrs. Rimmon in a frightened whisper. " We could get no doctor if we sent," replied her husband. " You know they are all ?busy at the pit. Hadn't I better carry her up tobed?;' While they were debating this question there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door. Sarah hurried to it, in no good humour; she was afraid the baby might wake. Standing before her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. Saltring, with a red muffler athis neck, rivalling his red whiskers, and behind him crept Jubal. "Good heart alive, girl," said Mr. Saltring to Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask him in, " you are Sarah, aren'tyou? You addressed your letterall wrong, and it has only come to us to-night." "Oh, come in, sir," said Sarah, who had now recovered herself: "she's come back to. night, sir, and she looks awful." Mr. Saltring presented himself without ceremony before aMr. Rimmon, whose breath was neazly taken away by the sudden appear ance. These gentlemen had never met before, though they knew each other by reputation. " W'e've posted all the way,' said Mr. Saltring; " we only heard to-night of your misfortune." - " It was very good of you," responded Mr. Rimmon, coldly.. -"You see," said Mr. Saltring, a little quenched by this frigidity, "the poor boy couldn't rest, so I brought him." Jubal had kept carefully in the shadow of Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these words he ventured to make himself visible. Heinstantly caught sight of the deathly face of his sister, and cried, " Oh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Wizzy." ir. Saltriug stepped from behind the door, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. " Good heart alive, man," he exclaimed. addressing Mr. Rimmon. "Lord have mercy on us all for a pack of fools !" While Mr. Rimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Mr. Saltring had unbuttoned his ponderous over coat and taken out a flask of brandy, and was applying it to Keziah's lips. "On my soul. I never saw such a lovely creature in my life," he exclaimed. " My daughter's a teetotaller," gasped Mr. Rimmon. " Rubbish !" said aMr. Saltring, continuing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and ar. Saltring said, in a coaxing tone, "There, there; that's better, pretty dear." Her velvet eyes fastened on him for a moment, and a faint smile flickered on her face and went out. Mr. Saltring was thinking, " How is it possibleo such a girl can ever have been born in Jumley i" Jubal was standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Salt ring was in the house. Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his kneeling position, pushed the table out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa toward the fire. Mr. Rimmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. "Now, if we had some pillows and blan. kets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmon : and while she went to fetch them he emptied the coal-box on the fire. Iizzy was speedily made comfortable on the sofa. It must have been nearlv 2 o'clock in the morning; but this was not the only household up in Jumley. No one went to bed m explosion times, even of those not concerned; and, as a proof of this, the door next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Rimmon, who, having heard that Kizzy had been found, had come up to verify the fact. "Oh I" she observed, in a spiteful tone, "I didn't know therewas company;" and she was about to bounce back again, when Mr. Saltring said--. " y name is Samuel Saltring; you may have heard ofme. You ,must boea Iimmon, from the family likeness." "Yes, Iam Miss Rimmon,', that lady at. knowledeced: and she looked over the back of the sofa. "So she's come back is she, the un grateful little wretch." Mr. Rimmon touched his sister gently with his foot, to warn her to be silent. "No, Joshua. I won't be quiet," said Miss Dorcas, defiantly. "You've no need to kick me. I shall say what I like." "Then I would say it in a quieter tone, if I were you, considering all: things," put in Mr. "It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Miss Dorcas, narrowing her eyes as she looked at him. "I'll give you a bit of advice," retorted the bluff wine- merchlant: "If you'd keep better tempered you'd be better looking." "lPlease remember you are not in your own house," Mr. Rimmon remarked to Mr. Salt. "N ow, look here," said the honest fellow, kindliness shining in his face, " you don't want to be told Imean well. Let us lie agreeable. Think of the dear child lying there." Miss Dorcas tossed her head. "You will let me stay and help you nurse her to.night," said Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmonn. "I know a lot about nursing sick folk." The next to appear onthe scene was Thomas Hackbit, who had by this time refreshed him self at oue of the low inns still open. lie tried hard to look sober, but his head nodded in a ghastly manner, and he hiccuped between every word he tried to speak. He at once recognised Saltring as a friend, though he had never set eyes on him before. " Glad to see you, old chap," he said. " Get away out of the house, you disgusting brute," exclaimed Miss Dorcas, as Hackbit, smiling inanoly, advanced toward Mr. Salt. ring. "rake no notish of her," remarked IIHackbit confidentially in Saltring's car. " She'eh cat. iDncedly ugly, isn't shb? Oh, Lord, she's millinersh dreesohuakeresh. Mr. Rilmmon tried to explain that Mr. Hack bit was a little unsteady, owing to his having been down a coal-mine rescuing burning men. |"He's been somewhere else since, 1 should think," observed Mr. Saltring, smiling in spite of himself. At the sound of Mr. Rimmon's voice Hackbit began again. "'Hesh an old fool, too. He drove Keziah away, forged letters, made her b'lieve-" "' For God's sake, hush!" burst forth Mr; Rimmon. "Now he'sh shwearing," said Hackbit, smiling benignly. "Heo'sh good man. he ish: prayer-meetmges, Bible-classhes. He getah drunk and shplits things, he doesh." Dorcas here gave him a friendly poke. "What are you doing?" he began, turning on her. "iou've left your 'proutish out waiting for you. I metsh her. I kished her." This was too much for Miss Dorcas, who ex. plained that she had brought Miss Timmins up with her for company, and had not thought it worth while to ask her in, as she was only come for a minute. " Leave her there bitah longer," said Hfack. bit. cocking his hat on the back of his head. " You go home yourshelf. Nobody wantsh kish you." Mr. Hackbit next announced his intention of spending the remainder of the night at his uncle's, and had of necessity to be accomnmo. dated. But none of those episodes disturbed Kizzy, who was in a sound sleep. The slow winter morning broke, and stole feebly over the objects in the room where Kizzy lay, thedeep silky fringes of her eyes resting on the pallid cheeks. The weary mother had fallen asleep, too ; and Mr. Saltring sat near the couch, with his head drooping on his chest till his bald head, rather than his face, looked towards Kizzy; but he was not asleep, When at last Sarah made her appearance, Kizzy opened her eyes with a frightened look, and sighed deeply. Mr. Saulring was beside her in a moment. "Come, we are better," he said cheerfully. "Four hours sleep at a stretch. Now, Sarah, my lass, an egg beaten up in milk, please." He gave it to the girl with all the gentleness of a woman, and all the tact, and was rewarded br a pathetic smile. This over, he asked Sarah if he might have a wash. She looked some what uneasy. " Well sir," she said, " Mr. Hackbit have got the spare room, and Master Jubal, he wouldn't sleep with his father, and Miss Dorcas wouldn't go home, neither, after what Mr. Hlackbit said, and she and Miss r'immins are in Miss Kizzy's room-" "Oh, all right," said Mr. Saltring, "I'll go into Jubal's room." But when he tried the door he found it looked, and after knocking several times and receiving no answer, lie con cluded that he would go to the room Hackbit occupied, and not disturb the poor lad. "I needn't wake M[r. Hackbit," he said. The door proved not to be locked: and, softly entering, he beheld Hackbitin aprofound sleep, with his arm thrown over the back of his head. He had evidently felt cold, for he had taken. down the bed-curtains and put them across the bed; also, the hearth-rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcely help laughing. lackbit's own gar ments- that is, some of them-lay on the floor, close to the door. His boots, however, could be seen nowhere at first. On looking more closely, they were discovered poking out at the foot of the bed, on the owner's feet. Mr. Saltring poured out some water very quietly, but he disturbed the sleeper neverthe leoss, and a faint voice from the bed said, " What's that?" Mr. Saltring made an apology for his in trusion. "Don't mention it," said Hackbit, holding his head tightly between his hands; "but haven't the pleasure of knowing you, have I' "No," replied Mr. Saltring; and he then ex plained himselt. "I'm afraid I must have been drunk last night," said Hackbit. "She didn't see me, did she ?-Kizzy, I mean." "She was too ill." "Thank Heaven for that, at any rate. I'm a fool to drink. Nobody knows it better than I do. I should leave it off if I'd a wife and a comfortable home." "My dear sir," rejoined Mr. Saltring in. pressively, "a man should conquer his faults beforehis marriage, and not subject a good woman to the chance of his experiment falling afterwards." " Yes, you are right. But it's very hard to give up one's only comfort, and nothing to re. place it." "Don't be in bondage. Make up your mind never to taste another drop." And now, hav ing completed his toilet, Mr. Saltring hastened down to his patient. Mr. Iimmon had come down by this time. Kizzyy was looking round for Mr. Saltring had gladdened at his approach. "She's looking better, isn't she?" he observed to Mr. Rimmon. " A change of air would be the very thing for her. Lot me take her to Langton with me to day, and we will return her to you in perfect health, God permitting." Mr. lliinmon found it desirable to accept this offer for many reasons. IHe was very glad when he discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go back with him, too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was too great for her to ex press a choice at all. They might do what they liked with her, she said, so long as the baby was looked after : " The baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. " There are nurses enough at our house, I guess; and if anybody lays claim to it, they cau easily have it." When they had all started in the phaeton, Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. fBeredith of what had occurred. She could not say whero Kizzy had been, however, during her absence, as she had preserved a strict silence on that point, and Mr-. Saltring would not have her questioned. CHAP PER XIV.-M-TaDt H.tnwnx. Maud Harwyn, though a young lady of con siderable personal attractions, and therefore es pecially exposed to criticism, inhabited a house oi her own reponsibility at Bowdon, near Man chester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two female servants, except when her brother Gerald was at home from Birminuham. Many of her friends thought this highly im proper ; but it was one of Maud's characteristics not to bow to Mrs. Grundy. Her schoolmaster brother did not disapprove of her, however; and her father must have trusted her, for lie placed her under no guardian, though he left her a large fortune. The renader has already seen that Lawyer Layton and his wife were strong adherents of Miss Ifarwyn. They had, never. theless, urged upon her the desirability of engaging an elderly companion to live with her; but she was not open to reason. Anout a week after the events recorded in the last chapter she was sealed sipping her ten, in aperfect bower ofa sittinigroom, quite alone, with an air of complacency and thorough inde pondence that men would scarcely give solitary women credit for. She was lookint caressingly upon her pretty feet, placed upon the fender. They were cased in slippers of the gayest and daintiest. She made no secret of the fact that it was of grave importance to her to be well dressed. She wished to be beautiful, and she thought it sas for herself alone that she wished it. Her house, planned by herself, was like no other. One couldnot see it without thoughts of harmony, andsurishine, and warn, summer days. The girl was an artist, though a certain indolence born of weath had kept her talent in the dark. Her house. as much as the pictures in her studio, spoke of this. Her studio opened into the diningroom on one side and the draw. ingroom on the other. The studio was also a music-room, and, in addition to a piano, cos tained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two or three easels stood unfinuished canvases. The room itself was panelled, and every panel con tained a painting, Mhaud's own work. Neonr a low couch was a circular bookcase on wheels, of her own designing. By the easiest motion it would turn roun- when she wished to change a volume. This was essentially a gay room, but, as a contrast, her diningroom was grim and sombre. She had travelled all over Europe in search of weird pictures for this room: and oevery even. ing when she dined alone there she had the apartment lit by wax candles enough to have illuminated aballroom. While abshe was drinking her tea on the after noon referred to, Maud'e housemaid brought to her a message from the next villa, The Chest nuts. Miss Harwyn was begged to come in there, as an old lady was seriously ill, and the gentleman did not like to leave her without somebody besides his servauts, while he rode to Manchester to fetch adocter. Maud went without a moment's hesitation, and a neat servant showed her to the old lady's room. The house was smaller than Maud's, and differed from it in every way, and it had an old-fashioned air, and a certain stiffeoss and dulneos about it. The bedroom she was shown into was hot and rather stifling. Maud at once glanced towards the four-post bedstead with its white hangings. IRolling restlessly upon the pillow lay an aged head. Maud said to the servant," Haven't you another spare room with a bed without hang ings in it?" " No; there were hangings just like this in all the rooms. Haud placed a screen beside the bed, and opened a window, and the fresh air revived the old lady a little, and she said feebly: "I don't think this is the house." " Oh, yes, it is," said Maud gently; "you are all right." ' I knew I should come to it," was the old lady's reply. "Why, of course," s:id Manu, not. in the least underetanding. The old lady glanced towards the foot of the bed, and observing a large fire, said in alarm, " Take some of the coal off,.my dear; your father will be so angry.'" Maud now bocano certain that the old lady was wandering, and determined to pacify her to the utmost, so actually removed a little of the coal, and the old lady rambledan e "Jubal'e a big boy. He'll disagree with his father soon." "How odd !" thought Mand, 'fI really believed there was but one Jubal in the world, and now here's another;" and her mind went back to Langton, and to her brother's pupil who waevisiting at the Saltrings'. She began to bathe the old lady's head with can de Cologne, which she had thoughtfully put into her pocket. The old lady went to sleep under the imfluence, of this, and. Maud sat down to wait for the uinknown master of the house to relieve her vigil. She knew him by sight, but was unacquainted with his name. It was late before he returned. On entering the bedroom he gravely held out his hand to his neighbour,.and began to thank her for her great kindness. " Oh, don'tthank me, I have done nothing," she said, with a frank smile. Then she added, " But I don't know your name." " My name is David timmon." " Then, Mr. Rimmon, can I be of any further use to you ;" " I lhave troubled you too much already," said David. "'The room is scented like a bower; I am sure that is your doing. But, if I might ask you one thing more, would you wait till the doctor has seen mother? You would understand his directions better than I could, and explain them to my housekeeper." " But would she like my interfering ." said Maud with some hesitation. " Well," replied David nervously, " she's rather deaf, and has a way of pretending to hear when she doesn't, to hide it. AndI think you would make her uuderstand." Maud consented at once, and David went down stairs to bring up the doctor. That gentleman meanwhile had been growing very impatient. He had examined minutely every printin the room, and had fallen out with the roses on the wall-paper, had sat down on each chair in succession to try their relative comfort, and had finally stationed himself with his back to the tire, his eye fixed on the staircase, visible through the open door, his oar turned slightly upwards, to catch any sound from above. Mr. Rimmon had kept him longer than he had in tended, having been very slow in the delivery of his remarks to Maud; and after leaving her, he had stood several moments on the dark laIding,.meditating. The octr did nomeet meet him cordially. He had not even been appeased by a glass of wine. This had been entirely an oversight on Mr. Rimmon's part, but the dolor felt it neverthe. less. He could only show it in one way. It was by increased gravity and severity of de meanour. He also waited for Mr. Rimmon to begin, which was alwhys difficult for David. 'l'he two looked at each other in silence for some seconds, when the doctor, in his im. patience, by the sudden raising of his boot, knocked the fir-irons down, causing a great noise. He turned very red at the accident, and solemnly replaced the fire-irons; then, thoroughly out of temper, faced Mr. Iimmon, and observed frigidly " I can't conceive why people put fire-irons on those eminences. lEverybody is certain to knock them down." Mr. Rimmon meekly replied that they were awkward, and asked the doctor in a most con ciliatory tone if he would mind stepping up stairs. "Mind?" rejoined the doctorirritably. "It's my business, I suppeo." Mr. Rimuoa led the way, wondering what could be the causeof the doctor's snappishness. We are not going to represent Mrs. Rimmon as aun mteresting patient, nor that she ox. cited strong sympathy in Maud Harwyn. This world's sufferers are frequently uninteresting to a stranger; their aspect is often forbidding; and though their condition is compassionated, they can find sympathy for themselves, alas too often, only with Giod. MissHarwyn's visit to David Rimmon was by no means her lost; for as the days wore on, it became a constant thing for the neighbours to see herentering his house; and Maud was not better thought of in consequence. It was another strange proceeding of this very strange young lady; and to be strange is quite reason enough for a girl's being placed outside the charmed circle of good and discreet society. Some writer has said that " one can only be strange by being wise and good;"and Miss Hiarwyn's neolqhboturs, to whom she was ministering, certainly did not think her strange, unless in this sense. Mrs. Rimmon had recovered remarkably under her ministration, and had learned to listen impatiently for her visitor's footstep. She was soon able to sit up, and her chair was placed near the winfdow, in view of the large garden, where, winter though it was, an air of cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good year for holly berries, and the old lady a eyes were gladdened by the sight of them, nud by the congregations of robins and sparrows feasting unmolested. Sometimes Mirs. Rimmon would sit silent for a long time together, looking out of this window; but if Maud offered to go, she would become querulous at once. One afternoon they were sitting together thus, when Mrs. Rilinon suddenly began comparing her present outlock with the Old Park at Jumley; and though her account was such that Maud understood very little of it, she nevertheless listened patiently. Thus encouraged, this desolate creature opened her heart more and more; but Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had begun to talk freely with her. He had gone so far us to tell her something of his niece and her sad story, omitting mention of his brother, however, for on thispoint he was very sensitive. Asa boy, his elder brother had been upright in all his dealings, severealways, yet not more so with others than with himself; and David hid grown up with a reverence for this brother, whom he felt to be beyond the comprehension of his feebler brain. And now that deep down and hidden away in his heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his con sciousness as he could put it. It is to be iquestioned whether he had even thought this in words. Some lingering, vague comfort lihe stored tip, as do thousands of other hearts in like trouble-the vague and lingering hope that there might be some mistake, some eo.tenuating circumstance not brought to light. And why deny these hearts their feeble and sad solace ? David hadnot seen M[aud for mooro than a few minutes at a time, except on Saturday after uoons, when he returned early from business; yet these fleeting moments had in a short week gro:n inexpressibly dear to him. Maud, that he cared to talk te her, umioured his fancy, and gave him opportuni ties of seeing her, and brightened hler own life by this kindness to another. If she could have foreseon the future, howe she would have withheld this sweet cup from his lips ! Kezzy'e story had been related to her in frag. mecnts, and at several different times; and Miss HIarwyn, enthusiastic and compassionate, had told David that when hIis mother should be well enough to spare her, she would go to her friends at Lnngton for a day or two and endea. rour to make Kizzy's acquaintance. Her further intentiont was to bring tie young lady to Bowden to stay with her, if they got on well ton about a month from the time of Kizzy's going to the Saltricgs' Mnaud set out for Langton. and her heart was singing, for she thought hero was a justifiable opportunity of once more meeting Tom Towers. She was also in hligh spirits at the prospect of finding a girl friend, a luxury allher money had not bought hehen the evening of the day of Maaud's de parture had come, aid her bright face had never once penetrated the oldhfashioned pearlour of her neighbour's house, the heart of Dutvid Rimmon fell within hime. The light of his lif seemed toe have died, and his spirit. slow always, was for once startled into a vivid life, anld into the acknowledgment that this faoir creature was more to him thau anythineg else ini the world. Although this truth had penetrated his eonscinususs, it stilt suggested no 0s5 quences. It was a sinle absorbing thought of adoration, unmingled witle desire. CHAPTER XV.--A S~nca20o0 PnooosAL. Kizzy speedily became quite at homs in heo ?ew surroundings, and thou h a trifle pale, she looked much like her old selef. There woas one strikine difference, however; she neverlaughed sow. The Saltrings, not having Inown her untilher trouble had come upon her, did not notice this. IIer sorrow had seemedto heighten her beauty aind otherealise it. There was only' one person in this establishment who did not yield a willing devotion to this queen of beauty and of sweet manners. That waseLnura. Thes young lady gave Kizzy many an unhappy moment when no one else was by, and Kzoev scepted all this with a certain gentleness and' forbearance which had been foreign to her before this trial. The Towers had been unremittincg in their attentions, and had had grave fears for the poor girl at first, snd bad seen her steady im provement with some surprise. She never spoke of her trouble, and no one referred to it, unless it might be Laura, Kizzv had made a resdivelthdti though she bad been bitterly saxiad from. her lover, it abould not wreck LE?f.Jb Al~ough her'sweet dfeam bad been thus harshly dispelled, there still remained to her the happy past, and the power of praying for him, and above ah there rosdup for herconso. lotion the thought that in another world they might moot agin, his crime washed away. The poor girl literally lived in this thought. Hr father ha1 been to Langton to see her, and she had treated him with much gentle affection. If her heart made excuses for one man who had sinned, ought it not also do the same for her father ? One other trouble had come upon Kezish. Mrs. Beredith was angry with her. She re proached her for not making her house her home in her affliction. But this was not so much the cause of her anger. It was that Keziah evidently believed in Rupert's guilt. This lady, who could have staked her life on Kizzy's fldelity, now found her resigned to a sepetion, andi resolved to return no more to Leaimington. Alas, poor Kizzy! No one knew what a proof ae}e heoin hpr possession of her lover's guilt. Whetbfh.he got off or not, the fact remained the same. Kizay was thinking over all this one morning with a great deal of misgiving, when Miss Harwynwas announced. Mrs. 8altringstrongly urged Kizzy to see her, as Miss Harwyn had expressed such an earnest desire to make her acquaintance. Kzzgy wae upstairs, in a sitting.room devoted to her during her illness, and was engaged upon some work for Mrs. Saltring. As Mrs. Saltring held the daor open for Miss Harwyn to pass in. KiRzzy mentally contrasted the two- Mrs. Salting, round, plump, and small, with house and baby stamped upon her face, though in a pleasing way; Miss Harwyn, tall and maiestic, with an air of freedom in her whole attitude whirh seemed to belong to some wild bird sojourning a moment among men, with the consciousness that'presently' the grand wings ich carry him far away to his native haunts. Kizzy did not think this in so many words, but the words describe the impressionimade on her mind. The two girls shook hands frankly, and Maud ecated herself near Keziah; and Mrs. Saltring, on the plea of some household duty, went away. She had more than once found bMiss Harwyn too much for her. When the door had closed behind her, Mand, as if attracted by a magnet, passed her arm round Kizzy's slender waist, and gently kissed her, saying with a rich smile '' Whom do you think I saw 'a few days ago?" "I can have no idea," responded Keziah wearily. "It was your uncle David and your grand. mamma." ' Where did you see them?" "In their own house, They are my neigh. hours." '" Oh, do tell me about them," said Kizzy, a rich ow passing over her features. " What a complexlion!" thought Mand. " Who ever could paint it ?" Then Mhad in the prettlestfoonesivable Way explained how they had become acquainted, and spoke nothing of her owar'kindness, but very much in praise of David's kindheartedness. "And do you know." said Maud," when your uncle talked about you, I.thougbt'to myself 'here is another girl as lonely as I am. Why should'at we be to. gather?'" "But you don't know anything about me," Ki.zy replied, shaking her head doubtfully. " Wel," said Maud, "people call me im pulsive. I never give ideas time to develop. I act on them straight away; and if ever I regret, I just bear the thing alone, and don't trouble other people with my regrets. I have a great longing to have you with me, partly because I think you are very little like me; and, forgive me for saying it-you may believe me, because I am a woman speaking to a woman-you are so beautiful, you would be a continual feast to my eyes." The rich colour mounted to Kizzy's pale cheek again at this frank compliment, aud thou the tears gathered in her eyes, and she said despairingly: SThct seems to be of no consequence to me now." Maud waseinfinitely touched, and she kissed away the tears in a sweet, frank way all her own. "I won't take no. You must come and live with me," she said. "I fell in love with you by hearsay first, but the sight of you-well, Iwonder you've not been carried off like the girls in romances." "Dear Miss lHarwyn,"Kizzy began, "it'svery good of you; but I ought to tell you how I am placed. I did not get on very well with father at home, and I got myself a situation; but perhaps uncle told you this. 1 cannot go back home, and I cannot go back to that situation. I have been ill, and I have been here I don't know how many weeks. It is quite time I went away now. If it were not for this I would have stayed with you a little time, you speak so inidly; and.I -never saw any one I liked so much." " " O1 course, I have not made myself under stood,' Maud broke outh "I rarely do when I want to most. I understood perfectly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants me to have some cross old fogey for a companion: but I've always obstinately refused. I want some one young, to enter into my schemes, and enjoy life with me; but mammas are so strict now-a.days, they would'nt think of lettiug their daughters come to me; for, do you know, I live all by myself in a house." Kceziah looked startled. "That is, with two servants-one old enough to be my mother. But you seem to be able to pleaseyourself,soifyoucame tomenobody would uinterfere with you, and you would have relatives next door. The only thing I stipulate for, if you accept my offer, 'and you shall-you most certainly shall-is that there shall be no question of money between us," Kiirzy was about to interrupt. " Doi't interrupt ins," said laud. "I want to explain my plan. On the first day of every month I get a certain sum from my bankers; I am so stupidly rich, you know. I keep two purses-one for housekeeping, the other for my nondescriptexpenditure. I shall keep another purse now for you, and put in it as much as I put in the last for myself; and I am so extrava gant, I am sure you will find it enough." She was much surprised that Kizzy did not close with this at once. She answered the look of the girl rather than any words. "That is very unkind of you," Maud ex claimed. "Why should you not come to me as well as to anyone else?" " You dion't understand me," replied Kizzy. "Your plan is like my being dependent upon you. I cannot be that. If I come to you, I must coue for a smtall salary such as I am worth. I cannot receive benefit from you which would close my mouth andl take away my freedom." And here a proud look came into the fine face, yet calm and gentle, rwhich somewhat abashed sercompanion. The tears welled up into Maud's "y I can't expect you to know me in one meet ing," she said. "That is true," replied Kizy, with gentle dignity. "It is true for both of us. Had you kuown ine, you could not have made me such a p' Aid had you known me," rejoined Moaud, " I think you would have accepted it." Nizzv gently shookl her head. " We cannot begin," she said, "whore we have only a faint chance of endcing. Your plan should be the result of years of testing, and of coming together, so to speak. To try to begin so would be to kill overy possibility. You are all kind ness, I see it to your face. Yet you want to clip my wings, you who can go everywhere and do everything. You like to spend your pounds, feeling they are your own. Leave mo to spend my pence feeling they are own." "You despise ay plan," replId Maud; "' but yours is ridioueous. If we're to go oi for years, laying traps for each other, antd keeping up the very widest anmd stronogeat ditiusction of msenm and tIns,, where would it all elnd 1 We should never trust each other at all." "You forget," resnonded Kizzy, gravely, "that your proposal demands oeorbitant trust on say part, and leaves you still free." "At any rate," went on Maud, growing desperate, "who kniows where we lshall lbe before years enough pass to try yeour way? You will be marrying and going away from me." There was somethling like scorn in Kizzy's face as she said, still with calmness, "I don't think I am likely to marry, Miss Hlarwyn. I was on the point of it osnce, and it all ends there." "Your uncle told me labout your trouble," said israud, u.ompassionately. S"Uncle didn't know much," replied inzzy, dreamily. "Nobody knows much but my self." " Bfuit nothing is proved against your lover yet, Kizzy,"' said Hanud, calling her by her Christian name for the first time. Kizzy put her hands out before her as if to ward off a blow, and said in a voice much like a cry, "Do not speak of it, you cannot under· stand it. I have never told anybody the righte of it all. I Wrent away. I canu't remember where I went. I hoped I should die. I remembernights passed in a deserted house, where there were rumblings underneath. I wanted it to fall in on me and burymefor ever. HIouses often fall about there; and there was an explosion. I know that is true, and that I did not dream it, bccauso the baby's here now : and somehow a thought came to me, that I might perhaps work out the salvation of both of us, and he and I might meet again inanother worald." Maud did sot understand all this. How should she, unless she had known of the forged letter ? "I know about the baby," Maud said. "W.e will have the baby with us. You shall come to me on what terms you like, if you will only come. You hall be my model, my guide: ,you ehall save me from my selfish self. It a revelation to see one so high- souled and so bhautiful at once. Now, say, when can you be ready to come to me?" "I must go home for a few days," said Keziah. " I have not seen mother since I was ill. And please, Miss IHarwyn, don't talk to me as you have done just now. Indeed, you don't know my heart. What you talk of is only what I want to be, not what I am." "Well, well, you can'tchanse my opinions," replied Maud. "l Ut won't you show me the babyyou rescued?" "Gladly,"aid Keziah, and the two girls went together to the nursery. On her way home to the Laytons', Maud was so preoccupied about Keziah that she twice failed to reco'niso people she know perfectly well. One oftheso sharply reined up his horse and dismounting, gravely hold out his hand and said: "This is not kind of you, Miss Harwyn, to torture me with the sight of you, when we can never be anything to each other, never." "Am I never to come near my friends, Mr. Towers, because you take a foolish fancy into your head ?" said Maud, her indignation rising against him. "I thought you would understand, Miss Harwyn, that I am bound hand and foot, that I canl marry nobody, much less you." "Do you think you could marry me it you liked'" rejoined Mlaud, hot and angry. "You talk as if I were only waiting for you to ask me to accept you. Ah, Mr. Towers, had you been a man of money and position, you would not luave found me so lenient as I have shown myself." "That'is only your way of upbraiding me for not being a man of money and position," retorted Towers with equal bitterness. "If I wanted to upbraid you," repliedslaud, " I would not go round about. I do upbraid you for not working better, and getting your qualification." "How can outsiders judge of one's situation ? You are very unjust to me." "I dare say I think better of you than you deserve." Towers coloured. "To hear you talk, one would think you hated me," he said. "I have a very real contempt fora man who, at thirty.years of age, settles down without a qualification he has been trying after all his ife." "Your words are very cruel, more cruel than you think,"' said the doctor, mounting his horse and riding rapidly away. TO BsE CONTINUED. 