BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. There is one question which is troubling us now more than theatres, or fine arts, or religious gatherings, and that is the ques tion of emigration. Tht- muddy stream rolls in a mighty flood, to which there seems little abatement or surcease. The startling fact connected with it is, that, thanks to the laws enacted by demagogues at Washington, brains and intelligence are barred out, and filth and ignorance are let in. A church on the Fifth Avenue has to pay the Government of the United States one thousand dollars as the penalty of importing from England a minister to preach the gospel of Christ, but they let in a dirty Italian with a deformed leg, the stump of an arm, a hand organ and a monkey, to sit in our public thoroughfares all day, stunning our ears with their dis cordant abominations and shocking our women with the horrid sight of their deformity. How did they pass the emi gration commissiou ? I don't know, but here they are. In addition to this unsavory host is a vast horde of Slavs and Huns more numerous than that which overrun and destroyed the Empire of Home—Rus sians, Poles, Austrians, and Hungarians, who bring little of modern civilization or modern ideas with them, but have all the fierce instinct and bitter prejudices of their progenitors. The evil of this is, that they hive here in the large cities, and when reduced to the lowest stage of misery are farmed out by unscrupulous contractors to mines and coke works, railroads and other labor, with false promises from their treacherous countrymen, which were never acquiesced in by the employers. A few years ago we had a large German and Irish emigration far exceeding all others put together. The Irish spoke our lan guage, and no matter what the state of destitution on their arrival, it only took a few years of industry and thrift to place them on a level with our most enterprising citizens. The Irishman's children worked their way to wealth and position, they won seats in Congress, became governors of states, and occupied the mayor's chair in all our large cities. The German, if he did not understand our language on his arrival, was not long in acquiring it. He still loved faderland, sang " Wacht am Rhine," smoked his meerschaum, drank bock bier, and eat schwortzer kase and bologna, but when you touched his American citizen ship, he was just as sound an American as the heros whose blood crimsoned Breed's Hill, or whose bones enrich the flowei's that bloom on the field of Gettysburg. This Italian and Slav emigration is not a healthy one j it is full of the portents of future evil and disaster. The Italians are brought here in droves by speculators who have accumulated vast fortunes by selling them into virtual slavery. Out of eighty thou sand recent arrivals only five thousand could speak our language, and thousands of those who arrived last we will never learn it till they reach their graves. The problem that faces us is a serious one. We try to shut our eyes to it at times, but like the ghost of Banquo it will not go down. Six years ago labor was paralyzed at the thought of there being fifty-six thousand Chinamen in the United States. How about Atilla and his Huns ? Think of it. Good editors are scarce in New York; for matter of that they are scarce every where. I don't mean editors who can write a slashing article on almost anything, who can take the hide off the editor of a rival paper; roast a minister, or teach philosophy to a college professor; we have lots of such; they are plentiful as huckleberries in August. But what I mean is truly good editors, who say grace before meat, who have family after the forms are locked, who go to church regularly, who never let the contribution box pass without dropping in a nickle, thaf s the kind of editor I mean, and in this great and wicked city I can only call to mind one ; his name is Colonel Elliott F. Sheppard, and he edits an evening paper known as the Mail and Express. Colonel Sheppard is fortunately situated; he can afford to speak his mind on any subject and never count the cost. He is related to the Vanderbilts and has stacks of stocks and bonds; not to mention blocks of houses, real estate and other uncon sidered trifles. Little does he care because some offended subscriber stops his paper; it does not phase him the value of a pickay une when some big advertiser gets in a huff and stops Ms ad., the Colonel keeps right on just as before; for if he dances, he can afford to pay the fiddler. At the head of the first column every day is a text calling sinners to repentance, which no doubt has a wholesome influence on the readers of the Mail and Express, many of whom are Wall street brokers, who need a, little spiritual prodding to keep them ill the straight and narrow path. An appropriate text for Thursday last, would have been, "Thou slialt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." Tom Piatt is no saint; the timber of which saints are made was scarce when he was manufactured. Still he was considered good enough in his day to be elected senator of the great State of New York, and he is at the present time president of the " United States Express Company," one of the largest and most reliable companies of its kind in the world. He is entrusted with millions of people money every year, and has never been, convicted grand larceny; nobody has ever accused him of picking a pocket or of having committed a murder; still as I before remarked, he is no saint— and that is just the difference between the Hon. Thomas C. Piatt and Colonel Elliott F. Sbeppard. The colonel is not like George Washington; George couldn't tell a lie and wouldn't, and the colonel could tell a lie and well this is the matter. Colonel Sheppard does not like the Hon. Thos. C. Piatt because he is wicked ; this is quite natural in any truly good man; so last week the Hail and Express contained a long interview with Mr. Piatt concerning his relationship with the Collector of the Port, Colonel Erliardt. The interview filled half a column and was from first to last what Shakespeare calls " the lie cir cumstantial," without even the shadow of truth. No such interview ever took place, and no one who knows Mr. Piatt could j have been deceived by it for an instant; but there axe thousands of people in New York, and out of it, who do not know him except by the venemous attacks of partizan papers, and who, seeing anything against him in a paper like the Hail and Express, readily swallow it as gospel. And this brings me to the matter of interviews. Whole columns of stuff are published every week of public men and public women, that have not a scintilla of truth in them, and are only written for the purpose of drawing out a denial from the person incriminated or abused. Only yesterday a paper, presumed to be reputable, published as a fact that a medical student named Harris, who is accused of the murder of his young wife whom he married clandes tinely, had been married several times before, under similar circumstances, mentioning the name of a most estimable young lady, who was said to have con fessed to the fact of being one of his wives. The young lady in question never saw Harris but once or twice, and had no per sonal acquaintance with him, and her alleged confession has been a terrible shock to her and her family. Such prosti tutions of the Press has neither apology nor excuse, and the whipping post is the only fit punishment for such a culprit. Passing down Fulton-street, Brooklyn, the other day I saw a couple of men help ing a poor emaciated wreck into a carriage that was about to convey him to the public hospital. It was all that remained of Jack Halsey who in his day was the t ilt of the town. Only a few years ago he was remem bered for the grand parties he gave and the fine equipages he drove, and the crowd of gamblers and hangers on that he gener ally kept about him. His history was a romantic one- He was picked up a waif and adopted by a rich family who brought him up as one of their own, but the law of hereditary vindicated itself in him. There was a bad streak of blood somewhere, and he was constantly doing something that no good boy would do. But liis misconduct made no difference with his adopted p.ireats —who,, dying, left him an equal share of their fortune with their own children, about five hundred thousand dollars.. From the moment he gained conti'ol of his fortune till he reached the last stage of pauperism, he never stopped or paused. All the appeals of wife and children were in vain, and at last they were compelled to cast him off. Last week he was discovered in a miserable room in a third class hotel in a dying con dition by a man in whose house he had dissipated thousands of his fortune for rum. This Good Samaritan took him in, and will no doubt save lihn from a i^auper s grave. Among the milder sensations of the week in our sister city of Brooklyn is the news that reached us last week that the Rev. Emory J. Haynes had returned to his first love, and was again to be received into the Methodist fold. Brooklyn feels a very strong interest in Brother Haynes; he came there to the Hanson Place Church, while yet a rosy cheeked boy, and by liis fervid eloquence and zeal leaped at a. single bound into a popularity almost unequalled since the days of John Newland Maflitt. Young as he was, in everything that goes to make an immaculate churchman and reach the highest standard of perfect Methodism, Emory J. Ilaynes stood the severest test. In conference and in council his voice was listened to by men twice his j his age as if it was the voice of an oracle. TTis popularity became so great that the church would not hold the people, and in the summer vacation the trustees enlarged it one-half, and then it was found too small. But in the moment of his greatest success, a heavy calamity befell him; death entered his happy home and struck down the young wife whom he tenderly loved. For a time his reason tottered, and those who remember the scene at her grave will not easily forget it.1' Life therefore seemed a blank. A very nice young lady who was a dear friend of his wife's had come from Sew England to attend her in her List fatal ill ness, and die felt profound sympathy for the youthful pastor in his heavy bereave i ment. To make a long story short, in a little over a year from the time . that the sweet spirit of the first Mrs. Hayes winged its flight towards the stars, the second Mrs. H. was crowned with orange blossoms. Of course there was a good deal of small talk, as there will always be on such an occasion, i Deacon Shorf s wife, who had three mar riageable daughters, the oldest twenty eio-ht, said she thought it was scandalous, a:nfl that of he wanted to git married the least he could do was to select one of his own church members. Miss Susan M., who ' him a present of a dressing gown and slippers three weeks after his wife died, said she thought so too, and said besides that she guessed he must have been blind i as a bat to have to go down to New Hamp shire to get a Baptist wife when there were lots of nice Methodist girls in | Brooklyn. That was the last feather that broke the camel's back. Brother Haynes had married a Baptist. He left I Hanson Place at the expiration of his term, and took a new congregation on the outskirts of Brooklyn. The struggle was hard and bitter, and after a biief time Brooklyn was startled one morning with the news that Emory Haynes had left the Methodist Church and was going to join the Baptists. The scene at parting was on the north side of friendly, but the Baptists received him with open arms and installed Viim in one of the finest churches in the Brooklyn, with a salary of seven thousand five hundred dollars per year. He had scarcely got warm in his seat when dissen sions arose and the church was rent in twain. One half of the congregation split off and built another beautiful church only a stone throw away from the old place of "worship, and the new congregation said in the most Christian spirit, "We'll teach him to kick; he •won't- have a corporal's guard left when we get through and lie didn't, for they made his position -so un pleasant that finally after a stubborn fight he found it convenient to resign. He sought other fields and other scenes, hut the spirit of unrest was upon him. He never felt entirely at home in the Baptist fold, and after the first flush of wclcoia^the Baptists never seemed fully to receive him. He is now back home again, and is no doubt » much happier man than he has been the last five years. He has yet a life of graa., usefulness before him, and might w«ll select as a text for .the opening sermon that marks the wanderer's return, "'lry ail tilings and hold fast to that which is good." Two of the Queen's Granddaughtebs Join the Gbeek Chttbch:.—The Crown. Princess of Greece, sister of the German Emperor and grandchild to the Queen of England, has been (the Southern Cross says) received into her hus band's communion, the Greek Church. The reception of the late Princess Alice's daugh ter, the Grand Duchess Sergius, another of the Queen's grandchildren, is already con summated. These events are of high im portance to the royal family, and therefore they are not without import for the realm, j It is as long a step from Protestantism to the Greek Church as to the Koman, con j siderm<£ those liabits of tradition and cere | monial that mark the Greek Church, are so I distinctively OrientaL Yet the fact that the ! EasfceroCliureh has played no part inEnglish history accounts for the absence of hostile feeling as to these two conversions. The public has been indifferent. It is no secret that the Queen dislikes them; but Her Majesty probably feels qply a small part of the irritation that the conversion of any of her granddaughters to Catholicity would i have caused her. To Catholics this change from heresy to schism is one full of interest —of even warmer feelings. In one sense to have so much in common, yet to be divided after all, is an added bitterness. But the worship of the blessed sacrament, the love of Our Lady, the invocation of the saints, and all that intimate sense of the supernatural these doctrines imply, which Protestantism has either disavowed or which it affects only as a fashion, are links between us and the young converts. If they spread among their kinsfolk the know ledge and the love they now hold, some at least will seek and find the fruition of these beliefs in the bosom of the Mistress and Mother of the Churches. Brands and Stock Repobt.—The stock and brands report of the Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr. C. J. Valentine) for 1890, states that there has been a large increase in the number of brands registered, the fees received during the last half-year being equal to the whole income of 1889. Dur ing the year400 horse and cattle brands, 293 sheep brands, 81 distinctive brands and marks, 1 tatto brand, and 7 pound brands were registered; 104 brands were trans ferred, and 79 cancelled. The total number of brands registered to date is 17,057. The | staff have inspected during the year over ' 1,350,000 sheep, 75,000cattle, 11,500 horses, j and travelledover40,000milesonduty. Sheep remain free from scab, but lico are prevalent a much greater extent than was an.ticipa»u£d9 and have destroyed large patches of wool, ' causing a loss probably cf half a pound in i the fieece. Footrot has been prevalent in a severe form in the western pai*t of the central district, but the disease is reported as gradually disappearing. Worms have not prevailed to a much greater extent than usual, although a number of young sheep succumbed to both lung and intestinal worms during the early part of the year. A large number of sheep have succumbed to redwater, nearly three hundred in. one flock dying, and there were also many deaths from eating poisonous herbage, as many as six hundred in one lot. The health of the cattle in the beginning of the year was satisfactory, but few reports of diseased animals being received, but after the first quarter outbreaks of disease be came more frequent. Pleuro-pneumonia Tia.s been more prevalent than for several years past. Thirty-four outbreaks have occurred, seventy diseased cattle have been destroyed, and eighteen died. Although the Stock Act provides a penalty for an owner not to give notice when diseases break out-, complaints are made by the inspector of the manner in which the diseases have been concealed. Tuber culosis has affected cattle in all the districts except the west, from which no reports have been received, A decree has been promulgated in Prance excluding the flesh of tubercular animals from consumption, experiments having shown that the use of tuberculous meat or milk must undoubtedly produce consumption. Mr. Valentine feels bound to urge that every precaution should be taken to prevent infected meat and milk being sold for human consumption. There has also been a number of cases of cancer, one of the cases being very serious. A specific in medicine is a drug or com bination of drugs which invariably cures the diseases for which it is recommended; at least 95 per cent of the cases. This is I the sum total of what is elaimed for Pauld ing's Famous Cough Elixir. It is a specific I for coughs and colds. Folks annoyed with nausea furred tongue and an offensive taste in the mouth upon wakening in the morning can easily obviate these disagreeable symptoms of indigestion and biliousness by using Wolfe's Schnapps. Hollowat's Pills.—In the complaints peculiar to females these Pills are unrivalled. Their use by the fair sex has become so constant for the removal of their ailments that rare is the household that is without them. Amongst all classes, i from the domestic servants to the peeress, universal favor is accorded to thes renovat j ing Pills; their invigorating and purifying I properties render them safe and invaluable [ in all cases ; they may be taken by females I of all ages for any disorganization or irregu i lavity of the system, speedily removing the ! cause and restoring the sufferer to robust ! health. As a family medicine they are I unapproachable for subduing the maladies of young and old. IF YOU FEEL OUT OF SORTS. 