TURF GOSSIP. The Geelong Racing Club annual meeting will be continued and concluded to-day. There are five events on the card, the prin cipal of which is the Geelone Handionn. Mv 1 selections are as follow FOAL STARES. THE spot . ANNESLEY o enuc ... _... ... ... ;;; \ HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. EMLIE ' -I TRICKETT ... ... . " o coLiBAN- ... ;;; 3 O EE LONG HANDICAP. palestine 1 little SHAMROCK ... "* 2 sadim or cooya ;;; 3 SELLING STAKES. CORONATION 1 meerschaum "* 2 wildfire ;;; 3 TWO AND THREE TEAR OLD HANDICAP EMMIE or LA TOSCA ... 1 ASTER ."* 2 olea 3 The Victoria Amateur Turf Club meeting on Saturday offered plenty of attractions for racing men, and wound up successfully a comparatively dull week. Delightful weather prevailed, a bright sun, tendered tolerable by a cool breeze, and interesting Bport, things very pleasant for the visitors, among whom I noticed Lord Hopetoun with his sisters, who, I am told, are both excellent judges of horseflesh. The course looked dry and crumbly, and it would have been benefited by a shower of rain, which is badly wanted." Shur's Victoty in the Holiday Stakes was not anticipated bfdhe connections of the Btable, mid Mr. Miller did not profit a penny beyond the stake ; but he was none the less gratified with the result, as the winner was bred by himself. Shur is a well-made half sister to Marah by Bocika, and is a credit to her sire, who puts plenty of substance into his stock. Mr. Inglis had bad luck with Plan, who again occupied the unenviable position of second place ; and Sadim disappointed his friends ; but Ascot Vale was in a con spicuous place throughout, and both he and Bandit, a handsome chestnut colt, will be served with time. Ruse caused a little diversion by bolting with Victor Fountain, who, in efforts to exorcise the demon within her, tost his seat; but happily he was not hurt, and the fitly was recovered without any damage being done.'- .The Jester fell during the race, but how he came down the jockey, John Hayes, who was stunned, could not ex plain. Dragon found list quite a luxury in the Hurdle Race, but Buzzard, another grey horse; was within an aoe of effecting a sur prise. At the home turn Buzzard was absolutely last, quite a hundred yards behind Dragon, but after entering the straight he came with a terrific rush, and lost the verdict by a short head only. Mr. George Davis was very unfortunate in losing Snow King, who fell and broke his neck. He had given1 promise of making a good hurdle-racer. 1 Dreamer also came to grief and hurt hiB stifle. Simpleton looked like running away with the Anniversary Handicap, but a quarter of a mile from bom? he had shot his bolt, and Portland hail hot much difficulty in defeating The Pioneer and Richelieu. Portland, who is by NeckerSgat from Moora Moora, by Gang Forward, and was bred by Sir Thomas Elder, had pre viously displayed galloping ability; but he had always been j«n that tantalising position described as so near and yet so far," which costs an owner dear. This was, no doubt, the best race Portland ever ran. Some credit is due to Hales, who was by no means fond of the mount, especially as he had to put up 4lb.over weight, but ultimately he yielded to Mr. Patches 8 persuasion, and that the colt's owner did the proper thing in securing the premier jockey's services was evidenced by the result, which so pleased Mr. Parches that he afterwards gave Hales a fifty-pound note for his pains. In running third Richelieu showed something like a return to form, and it-would not surprise me to see him hailed the winner of a good race before the season closes. When thoroughly well there are few better horses in the land. As with the chief event, jockeyship had something to do with the result of the Steeplechase. Some folk, and good judges, too, will have it that one jockey is as good as another, and "a good deal better," but few who saw -this race will deny that Blister's success was owing in a great jneosure to Cor rigan's skill and judgment Emlie, a good looking mare, with no lumber about her, came with a great reputation from South Australia, where she won the Grand National Steeplechase, but she was made too much use of, and' when it came to a final tussle she was found wanting, Blister and Corrigan and Knijght and Bourke having the issue between them, victory resting with Cor rigan's mount Of course, the bright-faced little Irishman wad heartily cheered, and Hales received a similar oompliment for his riding of Portland. Both jockeys are popular with the multitude, ana when either catches the judge's eye the multitude is never afraid of hearing the sound of its own voice. Gaslight Coquette, Whisperer 1L. Thule. and TrickeW all met with accidents of one kind or another during the rape. Coquette, who broke her stifle, was removed to Muggridge's stables dose by, and Mr.' Allen wiifmake an effort to save her, but it is doubtful if she will ever isce again. Her rider, Mr. Edge, was severely shaken.' Sovereign, a brother to Td U , nt, was voted a good thing f«.r -.he amateur race, but Mr. lnigi.i M-ernc' "ver-con fident, and was < n th post by Hesperus, who is the rof the Tasmaninn sportsman, .'Mr. H . ' O'Con nor. La RCae again m ii: e a jade, and it is evident that eV is n-i t.-jst . tJi)-. Mr. G. Filgaie. donned in M;. >. 1- e r - 's colours, went to the scales to wen H ot.r t'«u- Simple ton, butiri he had not • his nameto the secretary /or the st-e»iml.-b approval two days previously, as minimi by the condi tions of ttte' ||ce, he war not p.-mutted to ride, and Simpleton did not This caused a eertatti dmotrui <>f ,1 ^satisfaction amongst the ringr^n,*!- ', ,i> the Miefthat Simpleton womti N among 0 <• runners, which he Vontf fri weredrih^^d?hito Injihg a fab." .'rice about nd "Has both Sovereign and Hriqmus. Mr- Ferry oertrinly intended U> tm.tr rb<\- 1 orse, but Was teWyiM fcy a prist- >f can hmness, mid thesteWai$a,U0< qncriij ning bis oona-fides, declined to inflict the penalty which usually attaches tolate scratching. Steel trap, who has been a sore disappointment since he Changed hands, at Inst gained a well-deserved victory in the Torongn Handicap, but Russley, who lias lately been taking lessons in natation nt the seaside, was very unlucky. It seemed any odds against him at the home turn, where he was almost at thetoil- endof the lield, but when he did come it was with great determination, and he only lost the race by a neck. During the day the Caultield trainer, P. Kelly, was disqualified for six months for having resisted and abused one of the club's gatekeepers. Considering the leniency with which violators of turf morality nre treated by the authorities, this punishment seems out of all proportion to the offence, especially as it deprives Kelly of the opportunity of earning his livelihood. Visitors to Wiiliamstown on Anniversary Day, or Foundation Day—" You pays your money an' you takes your choice"— thoroughly enjoyed the outing* and the meet ing was a success. The day was all that could be desired for outdoor pastimes, and notwithstanding many counter-attractions! there was & good muster -of sporting folk, who found the sea-air very agreeable. The racing was well worth seeing. Ormonde won the Hurdle Race cleverly; but if young Howie had not laid so far out of his ground with Dragon, who carried all but a stone more than he did at Caulfield, the verdict would probably have been reversed. Elfrida broke down on the off fore leg. Lateen's victory in the Trial Stakes was not a very meritorious performance; but there is nothing better bred in Australia. Her sire, St. Albans, has bequeathed us some of our best racehorses, and her dam, Leeside, is an imported mare by George Frederick from Weatherside, by Weatberbit from Lady Alice, by Chanticleer from Agnes, by Clarion. George Frederick, who won the English Derby in his year, is by Marsyos from the famous mare Princess of Wales, the maternal .ancestor of Acme and Cranbrook; this pedigree, therefore, is hard to beat. Lateen was bred by Mr. John Crozier at St. Albans, and was bought as a yearling by Mr. S. Miller for 210 guineas. Tarcoola showed of what stuff he is made in the Anniversary Stakes, which he won in very decisive style. Mistletoe and The Pioneer ran well, but it was asking Portland too much to cope with Tarcoola at about half a stone. Nothing, in fact, hod the ghost of a chance with the top weight, who showed a liking for this course before when he -won the Wiiliamstown Cap in the colours of his breeder, Mr. J. Redfeam. Care,, a full sister to Britannia, won the Dis posal Stakes, but there was one behind her that'didn't seem to be on very urgent busi ness. Blister and Emlie again met.to try conclusions in the Steeplechase, and although Blister had to put up a penalty, the result was the same as at Caulfield. It is doubtful, however, if i Corrigan ever rode a more determined finish. Emlie sailed away in front again, and kept her place up to within 50 yoras of the post, when her jockey foolishly allowed | Blister to come up on the rails, and Comgan with One desperate effort landed Mr. Glass cock's horse a clever winner. The race was one of the best ever seen At Wiiliamstown, and the compliments whim ^wexe showered on the successful rider TgMfcjaever better deserved. Gauged by his formabtihe last race at Caulfield, Little 8hamroCk»||jftgiai(feod thing for the A.N.A. Handicap TW® hearon, although Opera once threatened fiftinterfere with the result. The performance of - Opera was looked upon by the stewards witfi a certain amount of suspicion, and an inquiry was held ; but after some evidence had been taken it was adjourned to a future day. The celebration of Anniversary Day in Sydney was associated with fine weather, and the Sydney Turf Club annual meeting, held at llandwick, turned out a big success. Pen tagon.who won the Hurdle Race, was bred by Mr. H. C. White, and is by Chester's brother Roodee from Victress, the dam of Victory, who, it will be remembered, won a good raw at Mentone some time ago. The Challenge Stakes brought out a large field. Matador, who was almost at the top of the tree as a two year old,started a prime favourite, but by some means or other the jockey lost his seat, and Prairie Rose, the rankest of rank outsiders, won by a neck from Wilber force and Odo. The result could not have lieen palatable to Mr. J. M'Laughlin, | the owner of Correze, who, after winning ai selling race with her at Canterbury-park two days previously, allowed her to be knocked down to Mr. J. Hart for the trifling sum of £60. Prairie Rose is by Grandmaster from Red Rose, by The Barb. Sovereign, who, appropriately enough, won the Sovereign Plate, is half- brother to Moonga, by Guinea from Kernel, by Angler from Cocoanut, the dam of Navigator and Trident A real Terrara pedigree this. The Nursery Handi cap fell to Starch, a rather wittily-named daughter of Kingsborough and Ktiquette, be longing to a patron of J. Monaghan's stable ; and Highborn, who ran Becond to Carbine in the ever-memorable Melbourne Cup, de feated a good field in the Anniversary Handi cap, Bluenose finishing second, and Killaloe third. Mr. G. B. Rowley, the owner of Blue nose, hails from Nova Scotia—hence the! nomenclature; the horse has-been a great disappointment, but seems to be improving, and it is possible that he will yet be seen in the van in an important race. No one would begrudge tire secretary of the Rosehill Rac ing Club a bit of luck with the good-look ing brother to Brown and Rose. Kil laloe has been a consistent performer this season, having won a good many races. He is by the imported horse Splendour from Rosa belle, whose name does not appear in the Stud Book. Highbom's victor}* has entailed a stone penalty for both the Newmarket Han dicap and Australian Cup, bringing his weight up to 9st lib. in the former and to 8st 61b. in the longer race. The Corinthian Plate fell an easy prey to the useful Hugo. The Australian Jockey Club and the Ilawkgsbury ltace Club are not on the best of terms. The reason is easily found. For years and years the liawkesbury Race Club held its meetings a week or so before the big meetings of the A.J.C., but last season the ruling olub of New South Wales tumpd thte arrangement topey- turyy, to the,o^":w> dis advantage"*)! the Hawkesbury CI fixtures. 'Hence the friction t The A.J.O. seems to have treat powerful club rather shabbily, presented to the members of the f) Race Club at the annual meeti •k'<, sbme length with the subject. J ■, club is in its twentieth year of exigj. ; but, strange to say, its losses lest reason came, to no less than £735 Is. Ud. This loss is laid at th'fe door of the A.J.C., which compelled the H.R.C. to hold its meetings after the A.J.O. meetings instead of before, as was formerly th< custom. The report farther sag e t'.ai f n varioiis reasohs the committee htv: for > ..rn . fimp, -- club W moi Such. 'all itt report Kft' ve;icvt jany way consulting the wishes of the 11.R.C." committee, or considering the inte'tcsts of* tiie club, had taken from it, for 189], the dates on which it has raced for many years, nnd had allotted the club dates after the A.J.C. meeting. The <xmimittee, fully alive to this high-handed and harsh proceeding, hod appointed a deputation to wait upon the A.J.C. committee to urge It to allot the II.K.C. its old dates, trie deputation was unsuccessful in its efforts to obtain the club's undoubted, rights, and, among other things, it was informed " that no club had any right to any special days or dates," but hod seemingly overlooked the fact that the H.Ii.C. some years back freely surrendered to the A. J.C. its right to the best Holiday ir the year—viz., Boxing Day. The depntatior was also informed "that by the H.R.C.racini before the A.J.C. much injury was, Mid woulc be, done to the latter, but by the A.J.C racing before the H.K.C. the latter would not be injured, and in all probability would be greatly benefited." These " unselfish argu ments " the H.H.C. committee commended fc the careful perusal and study of the mem bers ; and, adds the report, " the foot that the only meeting held by this club after the A.J.C. having resulted in a heavy loss has caused the committee, in view of future fix tures, to decide upon adopting a system of the strictest economy, being quite satisfied that the club's exchequer and the action of the A.J.C. necessitate it" Tli ere can be no doubt that the new arrangement lessens the interest in the Hawkesbury meetings; and everybody, I am Biire, will be glad if the A.J.C. allows its neighbour to revert to the old order of things. It is to be hoped the dispute will be satisfac torily settled. The Tasmanian fortnight will commence on Wednesday next, in Hobart, and in the following week the revels will kept up in bounces ton. Several Victorian horees are engaged at both plaices, and doubtless some of them will pay the tight little island a visit, and so add to the interest of the sport. Gllerslie has been allotted list. 131b. in the Hurdle Race, and for a Grand National winner it is not too much. Tennyson, a good per former in Tasmania, heads the list in the Totalisator Handicap with9st 31b., and three Victorians in Ellerslie, Hortense II., and Glenduart are at the top of the tree in the Steeplechase. The acceptances for the Hobart Cap are flattering to theh&ndicapper;,andagood race is promised. Macquaric is undoubtedly the champion of the island, and with all his weight he will take his own part. Chaldean has been withdrawn ; but if Emani, Avenue, Granite, Yarra, and Lapstone. or one of them—it is baldly likely that all will go—represent Victoria, the prize may come this way, - Rumour speaks well of Camperdown, who has won several jump ing races over there; but the winner is most likely to come from Maoquajuk, Lapstone, and Avhnuk. I fancy F.t.r.Kitai.tK or Canter down for the Hurdle Race; Pbospxhity or Granite for the Totalisator Handicap: Papata for the Sires' Produce Stakes; and Hobtrn&k; 11\. or Glenduart for the Steeplechase. The Moonee Valley stewards have had their time fully occupied the last few weeks in dealing with snndry objec tions. On Tuesday they met- to inquire into the objection to Morning Light, who won the Skye Handicap last February, and the Clyde Handicap in December last. The ground of the protests was that Mornng Light had been described in the entry form as of the wrong age, and as the objectors had no difficulty in proving their contention, the Btewards had no option but to disqualify him, and award the stakes to Albion and Mattie, who finished second to Morning Light on the occasions referred to. These disqualifi cations will have the effect of increasing the confusion which already exists among betting men. According to Victorian Clufc rule and precedent, the bets will follow the stakes, and although the bookmakers have already paid over Morning Light, they will now be called upon to settle the claims of the backers of Alhton and Mattie, while they have but a remote chance of recovering the money they paid away over Morning Light. This is certainly very haru upon the book makers, and they are deserving of sympathy. It is not quite clear why wrong age should disentitle a winning horse to bets, especially where a horse's identity is thoroughly estab lished, as is the case with Morning Light; and the committee of the Victorian Club might with advantage modify the rule which bears on the subject Mrs. Watson, wbo has taken such a kindly interest in the affairs of the family of the late Fred. Johnson, for many years clerk of the coarse to the Victoria Racing Club, again ap peals for help. In writing to the editor of The Aryus, acknowledging 10 guineas from Messrs. Robertson and Wagner, Mrs. Watson says:— " At the time of Johnson's death a strenuous effort was made to collect sufficient money to release the deeds of his house at Mah-crn and give his widow a chance of supporting her live young children by keeping boarders. Owing to the absence from the colony at that time of many old friends—sporting and otherwise —the amount collected did not .quite reach the sum demanded by the brewery company in whose hands the deeds were lying. We offered them what we hadwiththe exception of a trille for the immediate relief of the family, who hod been .plunged into the deepest distress through deathand sickness, but our offer was declined; The money was then placed in the bank as a fixed deposit, bearing 5 per cento, awaiting an opportunity to invest it in the .purchase . of a suitable home for the poor jvlaowaiid her little ones. About a fortnight -ago the trustees heard of a very good ctembte pf petting a better house than Jolmsqn's own ror a great deal less money than was demanded by the brewery company, but, unfortunately, we are still short of about £30 or £40 of the sum re quired." Surely Mrs. Watson's appeal will not be in vain. The deficiency is not very great," and there ate many racing men who. will gladly give something toward so good u cause; • . Messrs, W. G. Yuille and Co. will begin their autumn sales of blood stock at the Agricultural Show-yards, Flemington, on Monday, M&reh; s, on which day they will offer, on account ot various owners,'* nufu ler of yeiUUnni hv King ntMinnGlliiaies. itooik*, Moy;.i: oa»> tui i ; ! Alarm. Ghu-ious. .:•*&. ;.«vj - •• ; b-vSides three t •. ••<«!* vh's by - •;.* j Ri binscn Otuao.- ... i Wat '-* -: V.J ! nesdoy, March. 4, tho anraal ■.» me Si. i Albans yearlings w,h take place ut Geo ; long, The catob<gue h .1; -■ ->n-ist ai 3S colts janu fillies, iy -First King. .^rtuiuwter, jatid holnhson Grussoe. iiom thc •otnM j ot Correa?, Church^* Me'r-oi, i The Nut),iTaimftr., ; 'cannot (ail to uphold h ]?t. Alb^ne sum, upr«n ; Wilson hcv. icvisfred J D.ftHdi wit- • sen"■>' . i and aHiet by • tytdj--fa ,. ,.^x\ '■ . / -; Lord Hopetoun. and Hortense. ami sisters tx> Consequence, Maddtlina. ana Gladstone ; Mr. W. lilackler, 12 colts and lllhes, by Rich mond and Emulation, including a brother to The Admiral; Mv. U. Phillips, Mv\ fillies. by Pell'Hell, Pans, and Lord M ilton , and Mr. John Field, eight colts, bj Must Rose and Creswick. . _ Mvall King's success m the Viceroy s t-up, the 'chief prize on the Indian turt, shows what a goal investment Mr. \\\ eeks made for ESS William Bercsfoid, who has now- won the race three times with the same horse, the son of King Cole and Queen ol the Forest having-previously been victorious m mid the following year. The Aastmliauliorses had the field to themselves. 1 he runners, consisted of Myall King, Moorhouse^ Bravo Recall, Cyclops, and Camillas. bra\° vas a strong favourite, but he could 6®* nearer tFian third to Myall KnigandMoor; house, the first-named making all tl e ran nine, and winning with a length and a half to spare. It is almost need less to say that Myall king was bred at Glenormiston by the Messrs. Fhilav and is by King Cole from Queen of the Forest, by Lord Clifden or king of the Forest from Rupee, by Che Nabob. \J hen 4«0 guineas were givcaun .Sydney for Myall King it seemed a very long price, but his successful career in India has thoroughly ■ iustified Mr. Weeks's selection, Laugh-a Ballaeh and Charlton, two Australians, were I beaten in the Vizianagran Stakes by the . Jinglish representative Padlock. Tarcoola has mcurred a penalty of 101b. | m the Australian Cup, as the result of his : success in the "Williamstown Anniversary ^'ow-nere who lmve horses engaged in the j Newmarket Handicap and Australian tupj are reminded that the first forfeits are due on i Monday next . „ I By winning the Anniversary Handicap. | at Caulfield. Portland has incurred a penalty j of 101b. in the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup. . , _ , . . The first meeting of the Burrumbeet-park and Windermere Racing Club, which was held on Monday, seems to have been a suc cess. The programme was nothing much to boast about, but no doubt the club uriil im prove upon it at future- meetings. The New Zealand-bred horse Hollowback won the chief race. , , The Ararat Turf Club will hold its annual meeting on Wednesday and Thursday next. There are many good supporters of racing in the district, and granted fine weather, the fixture ought to be a success. The principal events raly result as follow:—Ladies' Bracelet—Rob Roy, Savanak, Minor. Ararat Cup — Islander, H attic, Avenue. Grand-stand Stakes—Temtio II., Russian, My Day. Flying Handicap Cavalier, Rivulet, Rob Roy. Handicap Hurdle Race — Pure Grit, Ace, Vagrant. Settlers' Parse—Terrific Ii., Tne Shnne, Viking. Welter Handicap—Savanak, Minor, Avenue* The auctioneers. Messrs. H. A. Thompson, and T. S. Clibborn. announce that on Friday, February 20. at Singleton. New South Wales, thevwill sell what remains of the Neotsfield stud, viz.. 151 Suffolk Punch mares, mostly with foals at foot, which will be sold without The Koondrook Turt Club lias chosen March-n<* its annual races. The programme consists of seven events, the chief of which is the Koondrook Handicap of 30soys., about one mile and a half. Nominations for • :e secretary, Mr. : " . ....... neJ, Koondrook, ' c r, - ..m : ncipaleventsot a.,., . s. are advertised week. - ■>-- • ' * waster Hawli* ,j»p of : .. nd the .Sydney c ap of 3 : • - -.. t ■ ■ -*■ 1 quite ex : -* crease in the :dr.»•• t . syJucv __p, hut seem ingly the A-J.C. is not in a progressive mood. I beliere, however, that some of its meetings have not been profitable. Entries will close with the secretary, Mr. T. S. Clibborn, or at the V.R.C. office, on Monday, February 16. The jockey C. Eastham, who was recently disqualified for 12 months for the suspicious riding of Civis in a steeplechase at klstern wick-park, appealed to the V.R.C. for the removal of fee disqualification. The V.R.C. heard the appeal, and referred the matter hack to the Klstern wick-park stewards, hut the latter body has declined to re open the case; • Hortense IL, Granite, Lapstone, Tupaki, Elleralie, and Prosperity left Me]l>ourne on Tuesday to fulfil tneir Tasmankn engage iflKt *7JL Mi. F ou.as Leannonth, the well-known Indian tneder. retnrned last week from Fuiv>te, win-re he had spent several months. Fe looks all the better tor the holiday. Mr. • ' Udoci; is back from India, after a very suc Lo-Hful trip. Mr. .lames Wilson's horses will lie sold by rsa. W. C. Tullle and Co., at Newmarket, >r. Monday, March 9, without reserve. The lot includes Chintz, The Serf, Swing, Gopdy, Martha, and Peggy , as well as half a doxen broodmares served by Trenton, Newiainsicr, First King, and Off Colour. - The Mentone Racing Club has putfqrth a programme of .eight events for its next meet ing, to be held on Tuesday, February 17. It consists of a Selling Hurdle Race, Trial Stakes. Parade Handicap (foe HL3-Uand pontes), February Handicap/ Handicap Hurdle Race (for 14-hand ponies), ■ Disposal Handicap (for 13.2-hand " '3 Mentone Handicap. Nomina r i Monday week. o.p w»«tar on Monday next Messrs. ,i jpd tSons wiR ;sell by auction 10 lund half-bred ponies, and a number kjspnkoltbem by Liberator, Water '(iptber first-class sires, i^arices end general entries for Hie i whiflH will dose on Tuesday next, ji Fritjrit® Jor .the following events, to l>e ran at Seymour on February 16, will close with "fit-secretaries,-llfggtr&jlV.; H. Tristan . Colias, at B jMu. on Wednesday - daMeri MurdleRace of tffsovs., one r ft/half { iSejTOO® J&andScau; of GO * * a.theigift of Mr. C. E. Paget), udubalf; -Handicap Hurdle ltace .qiieiraile .and a half; and Flying five furlongs, j fpr the Murtoa races are due ; .f- . i - n,. the secretary of the g.Glnb, will on Monday B|ye«nttiea for tlie next epfthc ehibjRalisburyr ; horse-owners 011 Monday host. There are ! sis events in the programme, which is as i follows:—Miiiden Plate, of 40 sot's., fits i furlongs and a halt; Handicap Hurdle Race. | of 70 so vs., one mile and a half; Grand-stand • Handicap,'of 70sovs., sis furlongs ; Handicap Steeplechase, of 70 sots., two miles ; Selling Stakes, of 70 sots., five furlongs: Matubourin Handicap, of 100 sots., one mile. Nomina tions inav be made at tlie V.R.C. office up to 4p.m.,'or with the secretary, Mr. M. Wall, Werribee Club Hotel, Wyudhaui, up to S p.m. „ Entries for the Hurdle Race. Smeaton Cup, Welter Handicap, and Handicap Trot to be decided at the Smeaton Turf Club annual races on February 19 will close with the secretary. Mr. J. Hewitt, at the Cumberland Hotel, Smeaton, at S p.m. ou Thursday nest. Acceptances and general entries for the Shepparton races will close on Saturday next, February 7, at 10 p.m. with the secretary, Mr. H. If. Turnley. On the same day foals must be nominated for the Shepparton Sires' Produce Stakes of 1893. The progeny of the following sires are eligible:—Reginald, Quintin Matsep, William Tell, Middlemarch, Bathurst, and Mann. Each nomination must be accompanied by a sovereign. Ararat general entries ore due ou Tuesday next. Nominations for the minor events of the "Y.A.T.C. February meeting will close at the office of the club, 491 Bourke-street, at 4 p.m. on Monday next. The. Criterion Stakes, ! Oakleigh Handicap, and Hawksbum Handi 1 cap have already filled ; aud the events to close on the date named are the Handicap Hurdle Race, of 160 so vs., oue mile and three-quarters; Selliug Race, of 150 sovs., seven furlongs; and Handicap Steeplechase, of 150 sovs., about two miles. The entry-fee in each instance is a sovereign. Another meeting will be held at Donde nong on Thursday. February 12, entries for which will close at the Australian Hotel, Bourke-street, Melbourne. up to 5 p.m., or up to 8 p.m. at the Royal Hotel, Dandenong, on Monday next. A colt named Thane, by Sword .Dance from Carbine's sister Lady Mereey, won the Two-year-old Handicap at Napier-park, New Zealand, on New Year's Day. 1' Aint it sickening!" Another protest has been lodged against Morning: Light—this time by the owner of Percussion, who ran second to him in the Newport Handicap at Moonee Valley on September 4 last year. As the grounds of the objection are the same as in the other cases, viz.. wrong age, the matter will be easily settled. On his last visit but one to New Zealand Mr. W. R. Wilson purchased at Svlvia- park a brood mare named Envious, with a filly at foot by St. Leger. On his last visit .Mr. Wilson made Mr. T. Morrin a present of the filly. Mr. A. Selman lias repurchased the grey horse Snow foot, who will be given a chance of earning his oats at rite illegitimate game. He will be trained by E. Howie, at Bal larat. The annual races in connection with the ColacTurf Club will be held on Thursday, March 12, when a programme of eiglit events will l>e submitted. The chief event is the Colac Handicap of 70 sovs.. one mile and a halt. Owners and trainers are reminded that the first fo»feit-{2 sovs. each) for nominations for the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes must be declared and paid before 4 p.m. to-day; or nominators will be liable for the half forfeit (5 sovs.). Mr. John Symtnons has suffered a severe loss by the death of the well-known trotting stallion Len Rose, who broke loose from his stable, at Hobart, one day last week, and fell into the Hobart Rivulet, tweaking his spine,: Len Eoae was imported: from America a few years ago. He was by A. W. Richmond from , Barbara, and had a record of 2muu 35isec. j Several good trotters claimed Len Rote as their sire, among them being Barwon, who, showed suob good form at Moonee Valley on a recent occasion. The Marong Jockey Club will hold its annual meeting on Wednesday next. Ralston, who won the January' Handicap at the Canterbury-park races, was bred in this colony by Mr. Henry Phillips. He is by Paris from Lady Susan, the dam of Solo, Golstoun, and The Seine. The New Zealand steeplechaser Orlando, by The Painter, who has been purchased by a Victorian racing man, arrived in Sidney -on Monday en rottfe to Melbourne-"'-. A race meeting will be held at Baxter's Flat ou Wednesday next. The Nutuurkah Turf Club races are fixed for Thursday next. Stanley has won innumerable races, since Mr. John Mayo parted with liirn, and will probably win a good many more. That he retains his form ia evideut by his success in the principal race of the Adelaide Racing Club Summer Meeting, beating Milo, Shoot over, Maelstrom, and several others; but it was only in the last stride that he gained the verdict The sport at Epsom on Wednesday ty&s; of < an . excellent description. Spokeamau: won the Trial Stakes—a kind of race lie seems to have a mortgage on—but it was only after a good set-to with Wild Rose, who came with a fast run at the finish. This filly is engaged in the vNewmarket Handicap, and it she would stand a . thorough preparation; which seems doubtful,: she ought |x> have more tluman: outside chance; In the Alplungtmv 'Ilandicap an opteider in Query unexpectedly upset Sea Song, i Spiffen, and other sptedy^ homes, aud the; Selling llaoe ended ina»UMib»f boil over, the i fancied candidates, fwpngtion and Care, going down before yMeerschoum. The Steeplechase ,waa wm hy the Wagga - home, Tricltetb jCllfridu|uri.fril opposite the stand* but his rider {Camg(tn) aw. ; 'Hie diminutive Merer Mwrickbrot®ida»uc apprpprjat-; Competitivedeeigpsfor i on the fMuldttd raoeceorpe ^ beingtuvued from architects by the Victoria Amateur T«j# Club, Premiuois of £3O0,fp*-tbe lust aim £ioo for the seire«4;W <>rd« ufjaprit we offered.' '• Messrs, W, &YoiUe;:Und Co. ou Thui$d<>» sold the steeiriachMerSir Joshrni tgHUrff the Victoria-Hahdldra.At, V3j, cember 13, was au Ikuraaay - ij ground of tli^jmpteet r ~ been deecribrilt»; oj, Stewards awareed tfikft wager made by the detective was taken by ' the defendant on commission, as a member, jof the . Victorian Club. The defendant i made * a statement to the Bench to the effect that since he was fined in Novem jber last , for betting on his premises he i had not accepted a wager in his shop. Any money accepted by him from customers in the way of backing horses was taken on com mission, and the bet was afterwards made' with a member of the Victorian Club. Mr. Shuter said that the Bench disagreed, and that the case would be reheard on Wednes day next. The South Australian horse Exton has gone into A. Ferguson's stable, at Caultield. • The Rochester races, which were held on Wednesday, passed offi" without a hitch. Sardomere won the Trial Stokes : Mazurka the Hurdle Raw; John Bright, by The English man—Blnelighk the Rochester Handicap; Jack'stheLaatheSellingR&ce; nndEuieralda, by Emerald, the Flying Stakes. Narellan, who has hitherto been a failure at home;-has been nominated for the Great Bangor Open Hunters' Steeplechase, to be decided in April next. The stake is worth 500 sovs.,a«dthe distance is about three miles and a half. In referring to Mr. Joseph Thompson's pro ject of constructing a racecourse in San 'Fran cisco, an American paper says:—" Tlie Bay San Francisco, will very District Racecourse, shortly be cut Up-into building lots, having | already been surveyed, and naturally the agitation for the pushing forward of the scheme started by Messrs. Thompson and Joseph^ , the Australian bookmakers, is increasing.' The chief difficulty seems to be that the- owners of properties in the right situation will not sell at a reasonable vaiu tion and want to bleed the sportsmen to too lively a tune. Naturally the latter do not care about this, so that, unless some man ap pears on the scene of action who is willing to take fair value for bis land, the metropolis of the Pacific Slope may be left utterly without a racecourse." The Australian-bred mare Lady Betty, who j went in company with kirkham and Narellan : to England, lias taken leave of the turf. The daughter of St Albans and Pardon will this mason be put to the stud at Colonel Bartow's farm, Woodbridge, Suffolk. The champion high-jumper is Filemaker, who at Chicago on November 23 cleared the bar at 7ft 2Sm, which quite puts all previous records in the shade; ' A yearling colt by Eros from Lady Julia arrived from New Zealand on Thursday by the stesniship Wairarapa. He is located at the Melbourne Club Stables, Exhibition street It is reported that Megaphone has been in jured by an accident in his box. The protests against Morning Light appear to be withont-end. Three more have been lodged against him—one for hating won the March Handicap at Manders's Tatter-sail's Club Meeting, at Moonee Valley, on March 28,1890; another for having won the New port Handicap, at Moonee Valley, on Septem ber 4,1890 ; and another for hating won the Unity Handicap at the -Licensed Victuallers' Meeting at Moonee Valley, on March 31, .1890. The objectors aretheseveral owners of Milford, Percussion, and Silver, who ran second .to Moaning Light in the respective TUees. The grounds of the objections are the tome aa in the other cases, viz., wrong <The Williamstown Racing Club lias issued a programme of half a dozm events for its summer meeting, which will be held on Saturday, "February 14. The bill of fare is as followsHurdle Race, of 10 soys.; Trial j Stakes, of 50 sots, (for horses that have not! won an advertised stake exceeding 60 sovs.); ■ Setting Race, of 190 sovs.; Laverton Stakes,! of75soys.; Steeplechase, of 100 sovs.: and Newport Handicap, of 109 sovs. Entries will close on Monday, February 9. '. The next meeting at Epsom will be held on Tuesday, February 10, when the following programme will be ran through Handicap liurdfe Race, of 80sovs.; Trial Stakes, of 50 sovs. (for horses that have never won a stake value 50 sovs.); Selling Race, a handicap of 100 sons.; Selling Galloway Hurdle Race, of 35 sovs.; Heidelberg Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Ivanhoe Handicap, of 85 sovs. (for 13.2 hand ponies); and Jfoidiailoc Handicap, of 75 sovs. Entries-will dose at 6 p.m. on Mon day next, at the offices of the club, bim baildiwgH, corner pf Bourke and Qaeen streets. : The nspceioas running of Opern in the A.N. A Handicap at Williamstown on Anni versary Day was futjher inquired into on Friday. The stewards administered a caution to the jockey, and advised the owner of the i mare to put up a mote experienced rider in future. j The trotting match between Mystery and j Valentine, for 1,900 sovs., is likely to lie i interfered with by a mishap which has' befallen Mystery, who, while taking swim- j ming exercise m die bay a few days! ago, was attacked by a stingaree on the fetlock joint, inllicting a nasty! wormd, which wall necessitate a stop-1 page m the mare's preparation. Mr.' wwbins, however,ris anxious tliat the match j should cot fall through, and if ]>r. Slate, die owner of Valentine, will agree to postpone' the contest until tbe-KlSbeniwick- park March ] Meeting, Me. Robbins will undertake to pay allttae expenaraincurmi by Dr. Slate in the] event of Mystery proving the winner. orslwjhtms:—VvAJfJC. February Meeting.-Oak-1 leirf, HanffiaatHrdWoffil. Hawfesbum Handicap — < ttanrtbiiii Sussex, fiotbwcll, Era-1 iwvntifcivart. St. Andrea-, Cracksliet. ] -— ytonald, Burlesque, Crackidwt, j 