The Factory Girl. ["COMMENCED OT THE " TOW» AND COUKTEY JOTJEITAIJ or MAT 16.] «?So, sir, I am informed that you have come ' here aa a visitor," said the captain, in a tone and manner -which made it im-, possible for the ; novelist to suspect tha^ lie was addressed by the old gentleman in brown. " Yes, sir," answered Hay, " I did make bold to come into the Tontine Close, along with an old gentleman who-who is in the habit of visiting the poorer parts of, the city, to read the Bible and leave tracts With the people." " Ah-well 1 do not enlighten us in re gard to the old gentleman. We have got his story already, and have disposed of him. Pray answer for yourself. What is the purpose of your visit? Are you a par eon likewise?" .' No ; that is not my profession," replied Hay promptly. "What, then ?" asked the captain, and the question was.accompanied by a piercing glance. ' r:,,. v ¿ The visitor hesitated. ...Come, no equivocation, sir," said the captain, in a threatening tone. " You are, as you may see, in the hands .of those who will not be trifled with. Who are you ? What is your occupation ?" " I am a novelist," answered Hay in a steady voice, «A what?" I "A novelist." The captain sneered, and the buzz in tho apartment was renewed. " And doubtless you come here to find materials for your graphic pen ?" ? said the captain, quite mildly, though there was a something in his tone which Hay did not like. u I will not deny that such was my ob ject," j " Ah, indeed! In other words, you have come here as a spy,- and would publish a' description of all you see and hear P" "N:-not if you object," faltered the novelist. " But thejfaot is, I had no notion of what I would find/' ? ? , " Were you not warned against coming to this place ?" . ..^he novelist made no answer. Did you not go .to Captain Sharp, and request that he would allow a detective to accompany you P". The novelist still made no reply, but he -thought it treacherous in the old gentle« man in brown to reveal this fact to the robbers. v " You do not answer me," added tho captain. ?? " Why should I," answered Hay, " sincq you have got ample information from my late companion ?" ' " Ha! you twig that, do you? Well, now, lads, what, shall we do with him P" cried the captain in a loud voice, and look« ing round upon the others. \- " Pickle him," exclaimed one. Feed him ' on bones," suggested another.. . ' . . 1 -. " Put him into the1 arms of Govan Bess.1 cried Rudio. ' , , . " Let daylight into his skull," roared Heavy Ben, brandishing a huge crowbar. > "Well, we shall not decide to-night,1 observed. the captain, "seeing that we have other work in hand. Take him bael« to the trap, and to-morrow he shall be dealt with according to our law." . The two men who had brought the novelist into the hair suddenly stepped forward, and seizing him by the arms, dragged him to the door through which he had. been first brought, and, leading him into the next apartment, placed him again on the board, ^hick quickly descended with him to the lowermost chamber of '«Trap.» 1 The moment be reached the floor a jerk was given to the ropes, which cast him vio lently from the board upon the damp earth of the chamber, and before he could gather himself up the ''gauger" had ascended, the trap door had fallen with a loud noise, and he was again left in darkness and solitude. We return to the hall the novelist had just been taken from. Its occupants had gone into various groups, and were huey laughing and conversing together ; but the captain, with Keeley, little Tip, Heavy Ben, Rudio, and 'j Bushby Bill, had drawn aside to a corner near the fire, and were speaking to each other in low and earnest tones. " Aye, Aye, captain, she's in famous trim," said Rudio, in answer toa question which the leader had just asked him. \ « Then ii the information doesn't come naturally, it shall "be forced from him oi he shall die," muttered the captain through his clenched teeth. " Shall we do him up to-night," asked Rudio. " No, I think not," returned the captain. " Better take hut one leg perhaps that may be enough to frighten him into frank ness. If not we'll take the other leg to morrow." They rose and left the hall, the others taking little or no notice of their de parture. The conversation had occurred close to the fire, at which sat the little, consump tive boy, and it seemed to interest him deeply, for he fixed his large, unearthly eyes on each several speaker, and strange shades of feeling flitted over his face. But when they departed from the hall, he turned again to the fire, and gazed into its depths with his old, wondering look. , Hugh, the knife-grinder, had spent all the day in his dismal chamber under ground. Rudio had come down regularly with his meals of bread and water, and in the course of the af ternoon had spent more than an hour in oiling and rubbing the rust off the instrument of torture, or Goyan Bess, as it had been baptised hy the gang. This piece of work he performed with huge delight, casting, as he did so, many glances of deep meaning towards Hugh, who lay upon his couch in silence. Rudio had been gone for a long time, and no eound broke the deep and terrible stillness ; but at length dull sounds came from the neighboring chamber. This was when the novelist had entered it, along with the old gentleman in brown. These. Bounds over, the old, unbroken silenoe succeeded, during which Hugh had found it diffioult to battle with his own thoughts, for he had an instinctive idea that his hour of sore trial was drawing near. He was not mistaken. Suddenly a sharp sound was heard overhead, and a stream of light darted down into the chamber, falling weirdly on its black walls and the pillars of the iron frame. The working of the windlass was next discernible, and the fitful light became more fitful as the aperture was partially dosed by the descending board, laden with two men. They having stepped off, it ascended, and two others were brought down. Again it went up, and went back with one only, at site of whose ox-like body and brutal countenance Hugh shuddered, for never had he seen human being so like c ferocious mobster. This was Heavy Ben. The next who came down was the cap tain himself, who, the moment he came tc the floor, took one of the torches, and approaching the iron frame, examined il closely. " Ha, Rudio, you have done your worl well,", he said, as he ran his hand over th« various handles, now shining bright in th< ruddy light. " Aye, aye, captain, I did it with righi good will." " Faith, my lad, Govan Bess has not beei so spruce for many a long day." He turned from the frame and ap proaohed the couch on which Hugh lay i and regarded him sternly and silently fon few moments. " Now, old man, you don't deserve an I other chance, but I'll give you one. Sa; where Sal and the girl are and you shal be put upon the Trongate scatheless." *. I wad deserve tae be put upon th Trongate wi' my tongue cut oot if I did,' responded Hugh with quiet determination " Obstinate fool," muttered the captain Then he exclaimed aloud, " Ben, bring his along." Ben, with a growl of satisfaction, threv himself on the knif egrinder j and, catch ing him in his arms, dragged, or rathe carried, him from the couch to where th instrument of torture stood. Then Rudio, removing the shoe froc Hugh's right foot, rolled up. the leg of hi trousers, and placed the leg up to the kne in a square cavity within the frame. He turned a screw, and the iron plate which formed the walls of the cavity cam together till they pressed against Hugh' leg on both sides. " Slowly," muttered the captain. " Noy are you ready ?" Rudio nodded. The captain stood before their victin Ind held a blazing torch to his face. } was pale but firm j and the captain felt a eye turned upon him which spoke of n faltering of purpose. .-- - - ' " "Work," He said, -with, a slight nod to Rudio. ? . The man turned the Handle He Held, and the pressure on the leg heeame great and excruciatingly1 painful. Still Hugh flinched not, only a flußh came into His pale face, and veins rose up on his forehead. , Rudio looked at the captain, and the latter nodded again. The handle turned, and a sharp cry "broke from the captive's lips. "Ha, you will tell nowt" roared the captain, bending forward with triumphant eagerness. "Never,'- muttered Hugh, faintly, yet. firmly.. :" "Smash it I" thundered the captain. Rudio gave the handle a few rapid turns, and several cracks were heard. The small bones were breaking as the leg was being crushed within the narrow iron walla. "'' ' " The blood forsook Hugh's face till it be came white as a linen sheet-he Heaved a long sigh-and fainted. Nature; more merciful than man, drew around the heart of the agonised sufferer the gentle curtains of oblivion, and relieved him of the exquisite torture. His eyeball started for an instant, then a dull film settled on them, and they closed, while His head fell down to one side. " That will do, Rudio," said the captain, with perfect coolness.' "That leg, at all events, will serve Him little for the next six weeks." Rudio, with the same coolness, reversed the handles of the frame, when the aper ture widened and permitted the leg to be drawn out*! Heavy Ben, who still Held Hugh in his arms, lifted him as if he Had been a child, and bore Him in blisful un consciousness to the couch-the crushed and bleeding limb hanging powerlessly down. " Do you think He'll Hold out longer, Rudio?" asked the captain,..as He stood with folded arms in the front of the couch, attentively regarding the pale and blood less face of the kriifogrinder. " Don't know, captain," returned the man. " Never saw any, one so brave in the arras of Go van Bess. , But a look at the marks she Has left may make Him change His mind a bit. 'I've a notion that He'll not want His other peg embraced in the same way." . " We shall wait till to-rmorrow night, at any 'rate. Dash some cold water on His face, and leave Him to come to his senses, I should think He'll not want any supper lads. Come up af ter me and we shall go to ours. Keeley insists on treating us since we bave got Him out of quod," " Hurrah," shouted the men, as the captain sprang lightly on the board ? and ascended. > < At the same instant Rudio dashed a .quantity of water in Hugh's face, which produced a quick, shuddering start over his frame. .. >. . . "AH, He'll come to now, I'll warrant," He muttered. Well, I shouldn't like to be him to-night. However, I'll , not be unmerciful neither,-' He added, as He sat down the pitcher of water on the floor near to the pallet. By this time.all the men Had gone aloft but himself, and the board was coming down for Him ; He therefore got upon it, and likewise left the chamber. The Hatch fell, the last ray from the darting torch was excluded; and Hugh lay in the now solitary dungeon struggling back into consciousness. < . Fitfully and by gleams did recollection return. The soul, with its < thinking powers, was making its' way from the realms of forgetfulness. It was re conquering its invaded territory ; getting the slow mastery of the foo that Had suddenly .assailed, surprised, and carried it captive ; asserting its right to operate in consciousness and intelligence. AH ! but such a victory was to be followed by much anguish to its possessor. "While the soul lay prostrate and paralysed by the sudden onset of the foe, Hugh knew not of His strained and tortured nerves, nor the burning march of the fever as it made its way through his body. All these were to oe experienced when the mind came again to its kingdom. With a flash, at last the monarch mind vaulted into its throne, and Hugh began to think, to remember, and to feel. His first sensation was that of a parched throat the racking fever was already coursing through his .veins. All was silent and dark in that building devoted to sin and crime, when a thin, ghost-like figure groped its way through the uninhabited chambers under ground, and paused when it came to the door of the trap. Presently there were sounds of flint striking against steel, and sparks flew out ; then there was a blaze, and a burn ing torch lighted up the place, and revealed the form of the pale, consumptive boy, with a dark cloak drawn round his emaciated body in many folds. The long, thin, and very white fingers grasped the torch, and he held it along the wall, peering into every crevice, till he caught sight of a large key lying in one, and the moment he saw it his large and lustrously bright eyes shone out beams of pleasure. He drew it forth, and Boftly and tremblingly put it into the lock of the door. He tried to turn it with one hand; but he could not ; then, laying, the torch on the floor, and propping it up with stones, he took both hands and strove to get it round. Poor boy, his strength was not great, and he failed to accomplish his object. c A shadow of deep distress came over his speaking countenance, and fearfully he looked round the shadowy chamber lest any human eye should be watchinghim. He saw nothing, however-nothing but the flitting shapes which the torch cast slantingly upon the floor and along the wall. Turning to the door he tried again, and, putting forth his limited strength to the utmost, clasping the big eye of the key till his finger veins started, he gathered in as much wind as his wasted lungs would hold, and pressed till a bright flush broke on his cheeks and large drops stood on his brow. Suddenly it yielded, and went round with a noise which was startling in the silence. Again he looked, round and listened ; but no noise, not even a rustle, reached, his ear. Heaving a sigh of relief, he stood still for a few moments till his laboring chest should be calmed down a little ; then taking up the torch, he drew one or two iron bolts whioh secured the dopr on the outside. Next, he pulled, and the door swung back, when,the flickering rays of the torch penetrated into the interior, and discovered the novelist in the attitude of eager ex pectation. The boy stood on the threshold for a few minutes,* gazing steadily, at the inmate of the dungeon, and the novelist remembered the strange, weird eyes he had before got a glimpse of. So surprised was he by the apparition, that he stood like a stone, having no power to do anything but look upon the figure which had ; thus unex pectedly appeared before him. , The latter at length advanced, and cau tiously dosed the door of the chamber as he entered. . " You want to get out P" he whispered, and, as he put the half-question, half assertion, his immense eyes covered those of Mr. Hay with an expression which the latter felt to be peculiarly striking. " Certainly ' I do," replied, the novelist, though his answer was almost mechanical. " I will help you/' returned the boy. "Youl Will you?" '. Yes'. : I have come here to dp it." "I-I am particularly obliged to you," said Hay, with heartfelt thankfulness. " Whioh is the way out?" . " There is another, and he must get away; too," observed the boy. " Oh, of course, the old gentleman in brown. Yea, you are right, rte must get out likewise." . The old gentleman in brown !" repeated the boy, a little puzzled. 1 " Yes, do you not know about him ? ; He came in'with me to-night." J, The boy smiled. : " We ,must not go near him," he said. " Oh, yes, we must," returned Hay quickly. " It was to serve mre that he came into this dangerous place, and I cannot leave him in it." The. boy smiled again, then an expres sion of earnestness came into his coun tenance, and .advancing, he laid his thin hand on Hay's arm, and said : . ? " You'll not reveal anything I may tell you P" "No, I swear I will not," returned the novelist, taking the wasted hand between both his own and gently pressing it. "Ibelieve you," said the lad, perfectly satisfied. " Now, the old gentleman with the wig and spectacles was no other than our captain." " Nonsense !" exclaimed Hay, starting baok. " True," repeated the hoy. « But I haven't time now to tell .you more. We must work fast, or some of them may oom« onus." >' " ' ' " Well, what are we to do P Who is the other that is to be rescued P" " They have him in the chamber beside Goyan Bess. They have tortured him, and they mean to do it again." " Good graoious I What has he doneP" " Nothing. Only he won't tell where Sal and the little girl are." Of course the novelist could make no thing ot this answer. He concluded that the* man to be-resoued was one of the gang who had broken some of the laws of the society, and was being punished for it, and that this boy wanted him to make his escape. " Well, you want him to get off," he said, looking at the boy inquiringly. '" Yes j and you must help me and him too, for I know he'll not be able to walk alone." " With all my heart. Where is he P" " In the next chamber. Come." Hay needed no second invitation, but at once followed the youth, who led him forth, and closed the door of his cell. " Look this," whispered his little guide. "The novelist did as requested, when the boy took out the key, and hid it in th« cavity from whence he at first took itv Holding the torch high above his head he made his way carefully to the othej side of the place in which they now were where was another door, very much lik< that of the chamber they had just left In another cavity in the wall the boy go the key of it, and, putting it into the lock asked Hay to turn it. .The latter hesitated a moment, fearing that the boy was playing him falsely, bu one close glance into the ethereal-lookinj face and mystical eyes reassured him, an< he boldly turned the key, when the loci shot babk with a harsh, grating sound. " These bolts-draw them," said the boy pointing with his finger to three heav; bars of iron, which were run into th Btone stranohions. These were quiokly undone, and th door swung back, giving a revelation o the damp, dark oeil within. - The boy held the torch forward, an« peered within. The light fell fitfully OJ a couch, on which lay a human figure motionless. " Do you see him P" asked theboy, lookini anxiously into the novelist's face. " I see something," was the answer, 1 the same subdued tone; "but whether h is alive or not I cannot toll." A groan from the figure on the couch pu this matter beyond doubt and they enterer! the boy first with the torch, and Hay fol lowing close behind. They bent over the. knifegrinder an found that he, was earnestly regardin them.' . ??? " We come to save you," whispered th boy. ,. M Tae save me, ma man P" cried Hugi and then he pressed his white lips toge th < to restrain a cry of pain whioh was like i come forth. '. , - ? " Yes. This gentleman will help yo away." " God bless him and you, if ye're n deceivin' me," said Hugh in a " broke voice. ' ? ' " Indeed we. are not," said Hay. ¿ least I have every confidence in this bo; though I never saw him before. But wi are you ? Surely you are not one of tl gang of robbers ?" " Whai me ? ' Gudesake, what pits th« in ye're heid P" '. ' ' . i .??. The, novelist, looked; at the boy. ra " Noy no, he ÍB not j he is a prisoner lil yourself," said the lad eagerly. "A prisoner 1" said the novelist, lookin narrowly and eagerly in Hugh's face. " I ! surely I have seen you before, and th) lately. Where was it P" " I dinna ken," responded -Hugh. " never seen you afore." "Dear, me, dear me 1 where, was ; it mused the novelist. " And the voice to the tone, the language. ! am not in mistake, but where was it P" " Oh, ye're miBta'en/' replied Hug groaning again,f or the agony of the bruisi limb was terrino. " No, I am not. Ha, yes, I rememb now. In the oourt. It was in the com You had oharge of the little girl-one the witnesses. Was it not BO P" « Ye're auite rieht." " I knew it-I knew it. I ne vor forget ft faoé when I first see it." " Nor I j and I never saw you afore." " Maybe so. I have not been long in Glasgow. Come, then, let us go. This . boy is kind enough to set us both at liberty.". " He can't walk himself," said the boy, looking at the wounded leg. Hay looked likewise, and at the sight of the bloody limb he started back aghast. " God help us 1 Have the monsters done that ?' ejaculated the novelist. "Yes-and they will do the same to the other one to-morrow, if he is here. Be quick." "In heaven's name let us go," said Hay, whose heart was now overflowing with sympathy. " Rise, sir j ,try and rise, and I will do my best to help you where you want to go to." Hugh looked up suddenly, and his face flushed with anger, for a thought had struck him. " This is a trick," he said " a cursed, diabolical trick, tae get me tae divulge. the secret. But I'm fly for ye. Gae awa, and let me dee here, for dee I will rather than tell whaur that puir, innocent lammie is." . 44 You are mistaken, sir," said Hay ear nestly, at the same time holding up his right hand. " I take God to witness that you are mistaken, at least in me, and I am sure in this boy, too ; for if it were a trick, why should I be made one of the actors ? I am a prisoner here like yourself, and we can both go together. Do not doubt me, pray don't,, or you may lose this chance for both of us." " No, do not doubt," said the boy, laying his trembling hand on Hugh's shoulder. " I was sorry for you when I heard them say you was to be tortured. And I loved Sal, too, for she was kind to me, and some times spoke to me about things I want to know. Oh ! I want to leave this place and go to her. I will not live long. I know I am dying, and don't want to die here. Do. let me go away with you." , " Are ye little WullieP" asked Hugh, while suddenly a look of deep interest came into his pale face. " Yes, I am Willie," answered the boy. f Then I doot ye nae langer," responded the knifegrinder ; for Mrs; B--, Sal, I mean, is no a woman tae be deceived, and she, I ken, wad trust ye." i " Oh, did she speak about me P"asked the boy with a glad smile. " Aye did she-af ten. Yes, my puir laddie, ye'se gang wi' me tae her, and maybe her nursin' will bring ye roun'." "No,no, I am dying; but I want her to talk to me, and teach me," said the boy, as a yearning look came frora his eyes. "Now, we had better be off," said the novelist. " My idea is, that it is unsafe to delay our flight one moment." " Ye're rieht, sir. Forgie me for dootin' ye." V --A' ' : '"'v-'-'1 "Nay, it was the most natural thing you could do ; but now that you are convinced, don't let us stay another minute." ! Hugh rose from the couch, but suddenly uttered a low, sharp cry, and fell back again. t " God help me, I canna stand," he mut* . tered, " and hoo. wull I ever be able tae walkjtae Billy Barton's?" ; " Lean on me-lean on me as heavy as you like," said ; Hay, helping him up again. -. ' . "It's nae use,", responded Hugh, sadly, " I - canna pit that rieht tit tae the grund." "Oh! I know, I know, said WilHe eagerly ; " just wait a moment. I know where the crutches are, and will go for a pair." "That's it," returned the novelist, with animation., U Run, run, and get them." Willie put the torch into Hay's hands, and went as fast as his weak strength would enable him. "Heavens! I trust nothing will occur to mar our project,", said Hay, nervously, as they waited for the boy's return. " Amen tp that," said Hup*h ; and as he uttered it, the novelist noticed his white face grow whiter, and, with a groan, the poor tortured man fell back insensible. Pain and excitement had again overpowered him. "Merciful Providence I he has fainted!" cried Hay, in an agony of fear, and appre* hension. (TO BB CONTINUED.) To dosé the eyes and give a seemly comfort tè the apparel of the dead is poverty's holiest touch ot nature. 