THE STORY-TELLER. NOT MERE HALLUCINATION. | By J. W. K. Archdeacon. [Author of " <Enone," "Amy Darling," Ac.] After vainly endeavouring for the (past two houra to get a wink of sleep I made up my mind that it is useless trying any longer, and that I would bo much easier quietly writing in my chair than tossing restlessly in my bed. That I cannot sleep is no wonder, for to morrow is my wedding day. Another fifteen hours and I shall be united in " holy matri mony," as the prayer book hath it, to the nioest little girl in Western Australia. No wonder that I cannot sleep for thinking on't. Sleep, quotha! I have a vague recollection that 8ome one—my double, Burely—felt sleepy a couple of hours ago, and went to bed, and, mayhap, if I was to look over at my bed I should see him slumbering there like a somno lent Judge. But what possessed my excited self to imagine that it felt tired, drowsy, is incomprehensible. I am not sleepy, and feel as though I never was in all my life. Bet me, therefore, as it is near the small hours of the night, and the couch is unattractive, relate as succinctly as possible why I head this story "Not Mere Hallucination," in other words, how I fell in love. When the police went round to take the annual census I, Jchn Forster, of Guildford, farmer, replied to iny questioner . that I had under crop 100 acres of 'wheat, eighty, of barley, fifty of .oats,, and : qighty of hay; two acres of kitchen garden, and.fonr.of orchard and vineyard; and that I owned eight homes, six cows, a score of pigs, and three goats. Whereupon my interrogator went away accurately informed as to the extent of my possessions. For your information, reader, 1 will add that my farm has a frontage on the River Swan, which as you know flows through Guildford, that tit is considered by judges to be a very pretty little place, that 1 am twenty-eight years of age, plain of feature, but strong m build, have chiefly educated myself, and am thejonly child of my parents, who died several years ago, and who I hope to meet again by-and-by. I am not an imagina tive man. Never in the whole course of my eight and twenty years have I been Bubject to what is vulgarly called "an attack of the nerves." Even as a child I was free from fears of ghost or bogie, or that mysterious "leg of mutton" believed by other children 1 knew to lurk beneath staircases or down dark cellars. It may further be said that I come of an unimaginative stock. My forefathers in Essex were always plain, unromantic farmers; they were firm believers in the divine right of kings in the days when men were first to be found in England who spoke with enthusiasm of the French Revolution of "90 ; they took no part in Chartist demonstrations, nor the Parliamen tary reform agitation; none of them were ever given to running after the new-fangled fads of their generations; and my father when he emi grated to Swan River, as it was called in those days, brought his matter-of- factness with him, and in process of time transmitted it to me his son. Let me add to this that to my_ knowledge there was never a case of insanity in our family, and that none of us could ever lay claim to being a genius, and it will be seen that a more unromantic, unpoetic, ordinary minded young man than myself never existed. And with an apology to the readers for having intruded myself so much upon their notice, and an assurance that it was not unnecessary, I betake myself to the more interesting part of my narrative, namely, how, when, and where, and in what circumstances 1 found my sweet heart. Let mo begin by recalling to your mind tbat tlie River Swan passes along my farm, and informing yon that while the land on'.myjsideof the river is all clear, that on the other side is wooded with eucalyptus and wattle. In some parts the scenery is really very pretty, and on a calm day when the surface of the river is still to gaze down into its depths from the topmost branches of a gumtree is almost like looking uxxin a perfect bit of landscape painting. It is a good deal better to gaze upon it than to attend some Churches 1 know, and the song of the birds is far sweeter than the choristers' voices. It is like a glimpse of heaven, and it was amid one of those scenes which paints such faultless pictures on the hyaline canvas of the river that I first saw my sweetheart. Like Agmon of Boccaccio's story—whom I have always supposed to be the original of that degenerate Simple Simon of nurserydom, I was a foolish young man before I fell in love. Like him, too, and Oliver Dubois also, as soon as ever I looked I loved; but unlike the first-named of those celebrated characters I . first spied my love sleeping—not under the trees on the land, but in a boat on the river. It happened in this way— ! Last year we finished the wheat harvest shortly after the first of January. The weather was excessively hot at the time, and on the day that all the corn had been gathered into the bam ready for winnowing and bagging the sun's rays were so'strong that we knocked off work very early. Having removed all traces of my toil and put ou other clothes, I hunted up a novel from amongst a lot of old books, and went down to the river to smoke and read. As was my usual custom when indulging in a luxury of that kind I entered a little boat I kept there, and rowed some distance upstream till I reached a bend in the river overhung by trees, and fastening my boat to a stake I lit my pipe and composed myself for a couple of hours' amusement. I wish to mention here, as it has a good deal or bearing on my story, that befote coming out I had from mere caprice put on my finger a curious, antique ring cf massive gold which I had had by me for years. It was my father's in his lifetime, and I believe ho purchased it from a Jew in Covcnt Garden. I had never worn it before, in fact it was the first time it had been worn since it came into the family. It appears to me that I had been reading about half an hour, when looking suddenly upstream I espied a boat, apparently empty, drifting towards me, and recognising it as belonging to a neighbouring farmer I pulled towards it, intending to tow it back to its mooring-ploce. I had not proceeded very far, however, before I paused in astonishment, and allowed it to drift towards me, for in the bottom of the boat lay a young girl sleeping. Who she was, or what she^was like, I was prevented from seeing by her arm, whichjwas thrown carelessly over her face.. The other ann rested on the side of the boat, and both were delicate in colour, and very shapely. She was dressed in some white, gossamery kind of muslin, and as the boat drew nearer I noticed she had neither shoes nor stockingB on, and tbat her feet were as perfect in shape as her hands. As the boat got alongside my own I put my hand out and stopped it, and then the change of postion gave me a view of her face. I almost held my breath lest the vision Bhould be dtspelled and I should awake and find it was but a dream. I cannot describe her. To say that her hair was of a light brown, her face of an almost perfect oval, her forehead broad, her eyebrows delicately pencilled, her nose Grecian, her lips like a crimson rosebud, her chin round and full, her complexion delicately'flushed with carna tion, her {eyes, as I afterwards learned, of myosotis blue, would be a very inadequate description. The only face I ever saw resemb ling hers appeared in a picture given away with the Queen newspaper in 1884. It was called "Adeline," and nail beneath it those two lines of Tennyson's— :e the heart from out my 1 In good sooth they took the heart out of mine, or rather confirmed the voluntary gift I made the moment I espied her sleeping in the boat. Whether it was tne propinquity of a stranger, the fixity of the gaze I had bent on her, or the warm rays of the sun whioh beat down on her, as the boat came out of the shadows, I cannot say; but suddenly she awoke. I like the boor, the yokel I was, never gave a thought to the possibility of her being frightened at the predicament in" whioh she found herself, nor deemed it neoessary to utter one word of reassurance. My sole thoughts were Belfish, and believing I bad committed an indisoretion.I hung my head guiltily, and did not venture to raise my eyes higher than her feet. . Their owner did not utter a word of surprise, however, but lay awhile in the boat; then suddenly raising herself to a sitting posture Bhe said with sarcastic emphasis, . "Perhaps, sir, when you have finished con templating the beauty of my feet. you'Jl aspire to notice my confusion of face." " I—I beg your pardon," I stammered, not daring to raise my eyes lest I should disoover in her countenanoe that which seemed to make the air sentient with laughter. Like most fools I hated to be laughed atu "Well," said she, impatiently, .seeing I got no further, "can't you tell me where I am, how T'camehere, and'what you--are. doing here ?" • .... ... "You are on the Swan River, and I suppose you fell asleep and your boat burst its moor ings," I replied. "I am a farmer named Forster, and came'out for apull." "That's what I call condensed information," : said she, more amiably. "I'm excessively sony I spoke so crossly just now. But you annoyed me." "1 beg your pardon," I again said, humbly, still afraid—yes, afraid—to look higher than her feet. "I would like you, however, to be a little ' more .explicit," wont on this self-possessed young lady. " You are charmingly categorical, but terse almost to vagueness. For instance, ' the River Swan, I believe, runs from Fre mantle to goodness knows where in the direc tion of York, and all you seem able to say is that I am on the river. Which part of it, Heavens ! How I envied her coolness. "You are in Guildford," I replied, " and as that boat belongs to Mr. Baynes, you've drifted not half a mile from his farm." "That's better," she said, enoouragingly. "My boat has, as you say, drifted, and I have no oars, else I would row back. But if you will kindly push my boat .over to the bank, so that I may land, I con find my way back, and shall be glad to be thuB indebted to you for your kindness." "'You are going away!" I muttered, feeling sick at the idea. " Well, I certainly don't expect to spend the rest of the day and all the night in this boat," she Tejoinod in an amused voice. JuBt then I looked up and whether it was the sight of those beautiful myosotis eyes of hers, or the quizzical expression in her counte nance which emboldened me, I cannot say, but 1 blurted nut, " If you wouldn't mind taking a seat in my boat I would pull you up to Baynes's landing." " Instead of 'minding' I shall be very grate ful," was her gracious reply, and after I had made her boat fast she stepped into mine, taking with her a small basket which I sup posed contained her footgear, though why she should have thought it necessary to discard them when she entered the boat I was at a loss to conjecture. "To-day has been a day of mishaps," she said, as we glided up the river. " When I got up this morning the first sight that greeted my eyes outdoors was unole Baylies ruefully I contemplating the havoc made in his flower garden by a cow which during the night had sat down amongst the .beds to 'think,' as Max Adeler puts it. When I went into breakfast 1 found my cousin Bessie had soalded herself with a cup of hot cocoa, and later on my aunt told me one of the men had been churning cream since daybreak without making the butter come. A couple of hours ago when I went down to the landing to unfasten the boat and row a little way down the river to a nook where I would moor it in midstream, and read Shakepeare beneath the shade of the overhanging branches, I slipped into the water over my ankles and was too lazy to return to the house for dry boots. And then to crown it all I fell asleep and my treacherous boat slipped its moorings. It was fortunate you saw me, I thought bo too, although of course I did not say [so, and as by this time my shyness had partly worn off beneath the spell of her frank ness, I was able to contribute my share to the conversation. Not that it was very large, for the pretty chatterer opposite me was so willing to talk, and her voice wa9 so sweet that I was nothing loth to enjoy the pleasure of allowing her to almost monopolize the conversation. But as I listened my enjoyment was tinged with regret. There she sat, a charming, delicate maiden, saying all manner of pretty, piquant things in her bewitching voice, emphasizing her remarks with the graoe ful play of her hands, even looking into my face with with the most infectious gaiety beaming in hers, and with all her mirfchfulness, a lady fdways. I, sitting opposite, plain featured, large-bodied, uncouth-snaped, a mere clod, into whose mind no light had ever shone till it beamed out of her beautiful eyes. For the first time in my life I despised my ancestors, and wished that better opportunities of learning bad been afforded me in order that I might attuim my speech to hers and thoroughly enter into the spirit of all that she said. After a time, all too short for mo, we .reached the landing, and I with as little clumsiness as possible helped her to. land. !But it was hard for me to do so; indeed, it was like shutting one's eyes to a glimpse of Paradise. Was it possible, that I might ever see Her again'! Would she care to have a olod hopping farmer thrusting himself upon her— she, the niece of a man who though he'always, treated me as an equal, was above my Btation in life ;Tahe who in herself was as far removed from me as the stars of heaven ? To my great delight, however, she seemed not to be disin clined for a development of our acquaintance, and when I excused myself from accompanying her to the house—for just then I felt anything but wishful to encounter her relatives—she made me promise before we parted to call upon them the next day. I have a somewhat confused recollection of going about my work the same as usual the following day, and receiving a note from her uncle thanking me for what ne called the "great service" I had rendered his niece, and inviting me to spend the evening with him. You may be sure I did not refuse. But throughout the day—indeed from the very moment I first saw her 011 the river—a disagreeable, eerie feeling possessed me, and try how I would I could not shake it off. It was not that I felb unhappy, or had one of those presentiments (said to be common) that something was about to happen or felt unduly impatient for the arrival of evening. No, I felt uncanny, not myself, as though I had taken leave of John Forster, and was incarnate of some one else. It was difficult to look after my men; they seemed to belong to a John FoBter I knew once, and of whose present whereabouts I knew nothing. This feeling haunted me all day, and it was only when the night set in and I was on my way to Mr. Baynes, that I began to feel at ease. By the time I got there the feeling was gone. I spent a very pleasant evening, and in the course of conversation reoeived enlighten ment upon a subjeot that had considerably exercised my mind during the day, namely, how it was that. I had not been aware of Miss Fay's arrival in Guildford before. Looking back upon my childhood's days, I fancied I could recollect some people named Fay staying at the Baynes's whose relatives they were said to be, on a visit from England; but I had heard nothing during the past few months to lead me to suppose that one of that name was going to live with them. But, ss I haye said the solution of the puzzle was afforded me that evening, and I learned that Stella Fay's parents had died several years previously, and that young lady, having finished her education in England, was toresid to reside for the future with her uncl8, and that she had only arrived a few days previously. After dinner Stella and T and one of Baynes'sgirls went out in the moon light for a stroll. The latter young lady was a quick-witted girl, and shewed great considera tion for us two, so muoh, indeed, that in spite of the proverb three was almost as good company as two. At the evening wore on Alice Baynes proposed aTow'oh theViver.ahd Stella assent ing . I,, nothing. loth, took them down • to the landing, and we three entered the boat, f took' one oar, Stella the .other, and Alice Baynes steered, and we went for a considerable distance up stream, and then allowed ourselves to drift back again. By the time we returned it was nearly 10 o'clock, and as we are early people in the country ana like an hour or two's sleep before midnight, as well as five or six after, I took them up to the house and returneefhome. I now pass over several weeks, during which I spent most of my evenings with Stella, and grew te love her more and more every day, if that were possible. I had the happiness of seeing that my presence was not distasteful to her, and indeed, the treatment I received from, every member of her uncle's family was won derful. Night after night when I went home I told myself there never was a lovelier and more loveable lady than the Star Fairy (a whimsical conceit^ of my own, based onhername), and that there never lived a kinder lot of people than her uncle, aunt, and cousins. But 1 forbear to dwell upon that time, tempting as it is, and pass on to a memorable day, the following autumn in Perth. I had some business to transact in the city on that occasion, and, as good luok would have it, Stella had to go to Perth also to execute some commission for her aunt. Of that, however, I was not aware until I had taken my sear in the railway carriage, when I found there waB only one other occu pant—she. Whatever may have been her thoughts, and tbey did not appear to be un pleasant, I considered it a very kind interpo sition of Providence, and congratulated myself accordingly. In such charming company the journey, brief as it is, seemed considerably shorter than luual, and I could scarcely believe when we reached Perth that we had travelled eight miles. But my incredulity was hot proof1 against the great, staring, white letters " Pbrth" on the blue nameplate, so, suppres sing a sigh, I got out with my companion, and we walked up Barrack-street together, as far as the Town Hal], where we separated, she to < her shopping and I to see my solioitor on busi ness. As I was leaving the man of law's office, I encountered one Will Chisholm, or more properly Dr. Chisholm, the surgeon of theimmigrant shipWolverhampton, and a g rent friend of mine. We had been boys together, but when he grew near manhood he went to England, and there studied medicine, and after he had _ taken a diploma chose the sea for his profession. He was lucky enough to get appointed to a ship, and for several years after 1 lost sight of him; but he bad made two > r three trips to the colony in the shiji liave named, and he was thinking of permanently staying in Western Australia. We had, as may be supposed, plenty to say to < ach other, and lunched together, after which weseparted, lie promising to spend the next day with me at my farm, and I that I would introduce him to Stella. To this good friend, whom I loved as I would a brother, I had, I fear, been indulging in excessive panegyric on the Slnf Fairy, and he was naturally curious to see her. He wished to see if I was as likely to be happy with her as he would be with the Scotch lassie who would come out to him from, England, if be settled down here, he said, laughing. After Chisholm and I parted I strolled along Adelaide-terrace in the direction of the Causeway, but I had not gone far, when to my great good fortune I espied Stella Fay coming towards me, and when we met I turned and walked back with her. When we got opposite the Public Gardens she proposed that we should enter and Bit down on one of the seats, to which of course I assented. We had not long been seated, however, when Chisholm. entered the Gardens also, and came straight up to nw. I thought bo looked rather strangely at me as he approached; but taking no notice of it I introduced him to Stella, when, to my utter amazement and vexation, he burst into a lit of laughter, exclaiming, "None of that, old man; I can stand-a-good ' deal of joking, but to introduce me to a lady who is not present. "What do you mean?" I demanded angrily. "Just what I Bay," he rejoined. Stella arose, and walked away, "Mr. Chisholm," said I, "perhaps now that we are alone, you'll explain this insult you have put on my friend, and not pretend" "Forster, upon my honour it is you who are pretending," he interrupted. "And I tell you you are pretending that I am alone," I said fiercely. " I should be pretending to second sight if I said that you were not," he replied firmly. "Come, old man, that wine we had has mounted to your head. You don't know how comically you were acting at the Garden gate before I followed you in." " Dr. Chisholm," I said, in a white heat with passion, "I might, perhaps, put up with your impertinence if it affected myself only; but it is also levelled at one whom, as I was fool enough to tell you, who does not appreciate the confi dence, I hope to make my wife, and you must pardon me if I decline to prolong the conversa tion." "Nay, old boy, don't get angry," said the doctor, gTasping my arm. "There must have been something the matterwitb my eyesight just now, for I can now see Miss Fay as plainly as possible. Let us rejoin her, and 1 will ask her to pardon my rudeness." To such a manly apology there could be but one answer, and as SteUa treated the whole affair as a joke we spent a pleasant half hour in the garden, and then—it being time to return to Guildford—we walked together as far as the railway station and got aboard the train, Chisholm, who had changed his mind about waiting till the morrow, accompanying us to "the little village." That evening, after dinner. Chisholm asked me to again relate to him the history of my acquaintance with Stella, and questioned me with what 1 deemed even more than friendly inquisitiveness upon the particulars of my first meeting with her. After I had finished, he remained in a brown etudy for some time, and then breaking silence said, " No w, my dear Foreter, I knowthatwhatl am about to say will vex you; but believe me my motives are friendly and not irritating. When we parted after luncheon I watched you. From the time I first saw you this morning I noticed something in you which made me rather anxious. You are not looking at~all like your usual self, but like a man who have for months been living in a dream Let me oandidly con fess I didn't believe the story you told me at luncheon about Hiss Fay, but that I only appeared to do bo. When we separated I fol lowed you at a distance" "And saw me go down towards Perth Bridge," I interjected. "1 saw nothing of the kind," he replied. Whenyougotopposite,theGarden gate, near the post-office, you opened it, stepped aside for an imaginary person to pass through, then fol lowed after it yourself, and walked side by side with it, conversing gaily until you and your invisibleoompanion reached the seat where you sat down. Then I appeared on the soene, and you introduoed me toyourimaginary friend, and afterawhile wewent to the railway station, and came up here, Forster, as I hope for salvation, there has been no one with you since I first saw you this morning besides myself. Wait a bit, aon't get angry; but answer my questions, •there's a good fellow. When we parted at the •railway station here, what did you: do with ■Miss Fay t" ■ ■ ; "I took her home," 1 replied promptly,. I " Did you not first come here;thea leave, and afterwarasjretum ?" "Certainly not. I took Miss Fay home straight from the railway station, and then •came here," I said. Chisholm looked thoughtful a moment, and then asked," What had you been doing on the January 8?" This was the day from which my acquaintance with Stella dated. " I only finished harvesting," I replied. "Nothing else?" " Well, 1 was turning over some old papers of my father's and came across this ring. I never wore it before that day, and don't know ■why I pnt it on then." ' And yon have worn it ever sinoe," he •said. X nodded. " Let me look at it." "I handed it to him. It was, as I have ■already said, of massive gold, and was of ex quisite workmanship. The hoop was engraved with minute Arabic characters, said to be a ■charm against the evil eye, and nestling amongst ivy leaves delicately worked was a tiny Baoohus in relief, not more than the •eighth of an inch in length, but executed with marvellous BkiU. Chisholm examined it care fully, and then handed it back to me, saying, " Don't replace it on your finger yet." '* Why, is there death in it?" I asked with an attempt at jesting, although the sight of his grave face sent a nervous thrill all over me. "Some years ago," said he, "I remember reading a singular tale called 'Clematis.' The heroine of the story became the possessor of a valuable emerald necklace, which had for yearn, probably centuries, been lying at the bottom of her father's well, and was at last drawn up, I think, in a bucket. _ The first evening Bhe wore it—I am quoting from memory—she was seized with a violent and mysterious illness which nearly deprived her of life; but fortunately she recovered. One pecu liarity of her illness was that she beoame a prey to different hallucinations; and it was not until she had several attacks of that nature that it was discovered that they invariably fol lowed upon her wearing the neoklace. what do you think was discovered upon examining it ? In one part of the setting was a steel claw, so minute as to be imperceptible to the eye ex cept after oareful and patient scrutiny. This claw was hollow and charged with a poison which during the necklace's early history must hare been deadlier, more subtle, mors pene trating than the venom of the rattlesnake. Time and water, however, had destroyed a good deal of its potency, so that what would have mysteriously destroyed life in the days of theBorgias—towhomor one of their disciples it probably originally belonged — when Clematis wore it, only nearly killed her. " Now," hecontinued, taking a powerful mag nifying glass from his pocket, and handing it to me, "look at the inner part of your ring, and tell me what you see." (To be concluded next tceek.) 