THE COKSO OF ROME. I A STREET OP HISTORY. Its Traditions and Surroundings. Old World's Tales— Among the Palaces —The Carnival— The Races— The Plaminian Way— Prooession3 of Glory and Sorrow. (concluded.) Tiie Romans, under the popos, were not behind their imperial ancestots in their love of pomp and processions and festivals ; and . tho solemn and splondid processions which were made in tho . medieval times were nearly, if not quite, as splendid as tho ancient triumphs. Tho Corso of those days was tho scene of many of these triumphal celebrations, upon the entrance through the gates of some returning pope or somo dis tinguished king or prince. When for in stance, Cardinal Chiaramonti was elected to the pnpal chair (to montion one of these in stances), his reception at his entrance into tho city wus as magnificent almost as an ancient triumph. Rome had then Buffered under many political afflictions and the election of Pius VII. was hailed by the whole people with exultation and unreprCssed joy, and it was through tiie gate of tho Piazza del Popolo and along the Corso that this pageant awaited him, on July 3, 1799. Again, on his return from Paris, where he went to crown Napoleon in 1805, his reception wns equally splendid, and accom panied by all the cardiuuls, prelates, and priests in full dress, and by all the carriages of the nobility, and large bodies of infantry and cavalry, and the mounted Nohle Guard, and crowds of the shouting and cheering .populace, he again made his entrance into the city, passing over tho same streets and going first to St. Peter's, where he was re ceived by tho Sacred College and all the Roman Court and senators. There he recited tho "Te Deum." Then mounting again into his carriage, tho Cardinal Yotk opening the door, he was home on to the Quirinal, where ho was again received by the palatine cardinals and the Roman princes and nobility. When the shadows of night carno on there was a general illu mination of the city, and the cupola of St. Peter's blnzcd with light, and tho gorgeous girandoles sprang into the air, and showered like a fountain of stars over the Castle of St. Angelo. Nor did this suffice. For a third time, on May 29, 1814, a still more magnificent and imposing reception awaited him on his re turn to Rome after five years of exile. Again he entered the city through tho Porta del Popolo, and passed through the Corso. Arches of triumph were erected along tho streets that he passed. All the houses were richly adorned with hangings and tapes tries and flowers and ornaments of ovory kind, and the streets themselves were strewn with laurel and myrtle. livery window was crowded by eager spectators, who threw flowers upon him as ho passed. Arches Were also ereoted all tho way outsido the city from Papa Giulio, so-called, to tho gale, decorated with statues of Rome and religion, and adorned with tho pontifical arms and flowers and wreaths and inscrip tions of welcome and honor. A colonnade was also built leading from tho Porto del Popolo to the Corso. In the Piazza do Venezia a must elaborate and costly arch of the Doric order was erected by the mereanli di Campagna, with groups of statues and emblems and inscriptions ; and among those who lent their services to this was Thorwuldsen. And thus again, for the third time, tho Pope, accompanied by crowds of the people, the nobility, tho papal court, the bands playing, tho bells ringing, the canon pealing from St. Angelo, and the crowd cheering, made his triumphal en trance into Rome. It is useless to recount moto of these cheat processions and triumphs of the Corso, though they might bo con tinued almost indefinitely. Even witiiin our own days whenever Pope Pius IX. passed it was a littlo triumph. Seated in a gilt carriage drawn by four horses, with out riders in brilliant livory, and accompanied by the Noblo Guard on horseback, in full dress, tiio beneficent face and figure of the kindly old man might often be seen in tho Corso, smiling upon the crowd through which he pnssed, und holding out his hand with tlireo fingers sproad (on ono of which was the great papal ring), in benediction of the people, who, as ho went by, prostrated themselves" before him. This is now, alas! a thing of the past. For many a year no pupal earriago has passed through the Corso, or elsewhero in the city, and not even a gilded coach of any cardinal, such as used, in the times gone by, so often to be seen. Tho farce of prisoner in the Vatican is still going on, and yet — and yet, if tho Pope were now to reappear in the Corso and along tho streets of Rome as he was once wont, and ns he is as free as air to do, if ho so wills, tho people would again prostrate themselves before him and ask his benediction ; for though times have changed, polities have changed, and royalty reigns, and the people are loyal to tiieir king, and satisfied with his rule, they are still Catholics, and the papal power reigns, at least in their religion ; and even tho king and queen and tho whole court would, as ho passed, bow down before him as tho representative of a power above this world. Now, instead of pope and cardinnls, one often sees the king, in a simple equipage, driving or driven, and. accompanied by some gentleman of the court, bowing constantly and lifting his hat in response to the saluta tions of the world of Rome— or the queen, with her outriders, smiling graciously, and looking, a3 she is, sweet, gentle, kind, und extremely intelligent ; and it may be added that bIic is, as Bhc deserves to be, adored by her people. OTnER SPECTACLES I have seen in this old street of tho Corso, tho reverse of triumph, within our own days ; it was the custom, when a thief was taken niul convicted, to load him publicly through this street with an iron-spiltod gorget on his neck to prevent him from bonding down his head und hiding his face, so that the whole world might seo him und know him. Two men with a drum and fife, which thoy constantly beat and played upon to attract attention, accompanied him. This custom lias now gone out of use, but I am doubtful whether it was not as efficient,- and perhaps even more so, in deterring persons, from the crime of theft than n simple imprisonment forafew weeks ; for, after all, the souse of Bhanio is in the human heart as strong in its effect, if not stronger, ' than punishment or imprison ment. Still other scenes hero occnsionally-mcot tho ©yes. .It may, be, -porhaps, a baptism, or a wedding, or q.funeral procession. If it is a baptism, in the first earriago, triumphant, dressed in costume, with her long earrings ill her oars, her gold chain oil her neck, hor filigree pin in hor hair, sits tho nurse, tho commander of the occasion, with tho infant in her arms swaddled in white. You may- know if it ho a girl or a boy by tho color of tho ribbon that is attached to its dress, which the nurse takes proud care shall bo full in sight. If it is a boy the ribbon is red ; if it is a girl it is blue, for that is tho color which belongs specially to tho Ma donna. You are not loft in the oondition of tho man who has to guess tho sex. "You havo had a child born to you this morning — what is it, a girl or a boy ?" onco said an Irishman — rather a foolish one, bo it con fessed — to his friend. "Guess," was tho answer. "It is a boy." "No, guess again." "It is a girl." "Ah! somebody tauli you," was the reply. This ribbon saves yoa tho guessing and prooluims tho truth to. tho world. At tho sido of tho nurse, somewhat obliterated, and playing, as a rule, a most secondary part, Bits tho "commaro," or godmothor, and two of tho nearest femalo relatives of tho infant. After this carriage comes another, in which sit tho ' male relations, who are, of course, rolcgatod to tho socond plane, ns of far less conse quence on this grand occasion. Tho crowd in the street stops at the church door as this party descend and enter tho sacred pre cincts, when the holy water is spriiiklcd on the child ; and if startled by this operation it cries out it is a good sign, for it shows that the innate devil which is always born in us has been driven away by tho sacra mental blessing. Sometimes, again, it is a mttrriagc, more or less ceremonious according to the rank of the parties— the bride dressed in whito and the bridegroom more sadly in black, as if ho wcro giving himself away. A long train of carriages fol lows, with all the friends and relations. Sometimes, again, it is a funeral, and the pomp and ceremony of this depends also on the rank of thoso who aro to be buried. Among tho middle and poorer classes — indeed, generally, unless tho rank is high— tho coffin is borne on tho shoulders of facchini hired for tho occasion, who are elad in a long black shabby sort of gown, that comes nearly down to tho feet ; but it is not so long as not to show the soiled trou sers below it. Their hoads and faces are covered with a black hood of tho same material, so that they cannot be recognised. The parish priest precedes the procession in his official and . sacred robes, holding on high a tall crucifix, and after the coffin — as well as before it — slowly marches a long lino of priests, or Capuchins, or members of somo -religious community, each carrying alighted torch or candle — for this is an essential part of the ceremony, und is not omitted oven by the poorest classes. As tlicy move along they chant, in a low, monotonous tona, the prayers and responses appropriate to tho oc casion, and with, it must be confessed, ap parently litfle or no sense of their moaning. After bearing the body to the church they leavo it there. Their function is fulfilled, and when night lias cast its Bhadoiv over tho world it is borne away by tho facchini to its final resting- plane, and buried without pomp, prayer, or cere mony. Sometimes long lines op some confraternity of monks may bo seen marching along, in monkish drosses and cowls, or one of tho bogging community of Franeiscnns or Capu chins passcB by, carrying a basket on his arm and holding in his hand a little tin box, with a crucifix on one sido and a picture of the Madonna on the other. This ho shakes ' in your face as he passes, and the copper coins in it jingle as ho craves alms, either of money or of kind. If you prefer to give money, you drop a little copper into tho slit in tho tin box. But ho not only begs of tho passers on the streets, but enters many a shop and shakes the tin box there, where lie often receive alms of kind — as fruit, or vegetables, or anything else — which is placed in his basket and thankfully accepted whatever it is. Occasionally, too, may bo seen a figure in a white monastic dress and aowl, covering his entiro person — head and faoe — so as to render him utterly uuroeognisablo, and with two small holes in front of his cowl through which you may, if near him, see two sharp black eyes peering forth. He also carries a similar tiu box which lie shakes as he passes for alms. Who lie is you cannot divine, but you cannot bo sure that ho is not soino Roman friend or nobleman, whom you last mot at somo cay reunion, or ball, or party, and who is now doing penance by carrying about publicly tho bog- gar's tin box ; for there are penitents, so called, who may belong to the highost of nobility in Roma. Then, again, you will, especially in the month of May, which is dedicatod to tho Madonna, moet long trains of littlo girls dressed in white, with garlands, and ac companied by some nun or conventual sister, who aro celebrating some festival in the Madonna's honor, or, again, lone lines of little school-boys, in black dress-coats and tall hats, under the guidance of their priestly tutor, and taking their walk solemnly and with little fan, except what they find in their childish chatter. But lot us, too, niako ' our entrance, not triumphantly, indeed, but with the curiosity of strangers, through the gate of tho Piazza del Popolo, and open our oyos to what is to bo there seen. This is one of the principal gates of Rome, and is ono of tho most imposing. Until tho railway was built, which now lauds all travellers at tho Piazza aoi Ter mini, near the vast remains and ruins of tho Batiis of Diocletian, this was the oilief entrance into the city for all who came from tho north of Italy. Hero passports were oxamined, for nono could enter Rome without them, and here the luggage was overhauled, to make it sure that no contra band goods were concealed. Tho annoyance of all this was very great, and this, thank God and tho new government, is now over, and ono of tho things of tho past not to be regretted. The gato itself is said to have been de signed by Michel Angelo ; but inasmuch as Michel Angelo is, by popular belief, sup posed to havo designed nearly everything, littlo credence can bo given to this state ment. But whether it was "originally de signed by him or not, nothing of his work now remains, for it was rebuilt by Bnrozzi da Viguola in 15C4, and since then hus suffered many a change, all tho interior fugade having been made by Bernini. This gate has also revolutionary memories, for it was fortified, barricaded, armed with cannon, and was attacked and defended during tho French invasion of 1849, and it was through it that General Oudinot entered with the French troops — an en trance which so far, at least, as tho republican party and the Tiiumvirato of Rome woro concerned, ceitainly did not correspond to tho inscrip tion which accompanied tho various orna ments and dovices placed over it by Alex ander VII. in 1055, on the occasion of tho grand entry of Queen Christina of Sweden— " Felici faustoquo ornata ingrossni." Entering this gate yoa find yourself in the largo and noblo Piazza del Popolo, in tho centre of which, surrounded by living fountains, stands tho old obeliak ot Egypt, that has looked down upon so many generations, nnd which wus erected by Rhanicses I. in front of tho Tompio of tho Sun at Heliopolis, nnd which may havo thrown its shadow over Moses him self. The piazza itself is like tho nnvo of a wheel, from which radiate, like spokes, tho three streots of the Babbuino, the Ripetta and the Corso, which is the central ono, nnd which is flankod on either sido by tho twin churches of Sta. Maria in Monte Santo and Stii. Maria dci Miracoli. Above it, on tho left, rises ihoPincio, and looks down upon it from its terraces. These churming walks were onco tho old Domitian Gardens, and hero, in or closo beside tho Piazza del Topolo, the restless, cruel, cowardly, violent and luxurious lover and murderer of Poppies, the son of the imporious Agrippiua, tho half-madman, artist and musician, Nero, cowardly oven in his dentil, was finally laid to rest; for ho was ono of the Domitian family. Tho church of Sta. Maria del Popolo, close by the gate, is said, according to tho traditions of tho church, to havo been the sito of his tomb. Whether this is founded in fact is questionable, but it is cortain that, if not exactly there, it was in its close vicinity. No fragment of it now remains, however,1 for Pnscjuale II., urged by the prayers ot tile Roman people, ellaeod even tho last fragments of it, yielding to' tho then universal superstition that tho tomb was haunted by evil spirits and demons, who assailed overyono who passed near it. These malignant spirits woro supposed to dwell in the branches of a great nut- tree which grew out of the top of this tomb ; and this, together with the tomb, Pope PaBqualo II., in 1099, utterly destroyed after a fast and prayers of three days, leaving hot a vestigo of it, throwing the ashes of Nero into tho Tiber, sanctifying the Bpot, and building thereon tho church which still stands there. Alexander VI., tho Borgian Pope, was affected by the saino superstition, and centuries after he de corated the church, and among othor things caused a representation of stucco to be mado of the tomb of Nero and tho nut-tree, and the evil spirits that dwelt therein, and thero it Btill may bo seen. Whilo at this end of tho Corso there is this sad tradition, at tho othor end is another tradition as dear to tho Christiuu world as this is detestable. The Church of Sta. Maria in Via Lata, which stands by tho side of tho Doria Palace, is supposed to have been built on the sito of tho houso where St. Paul lodged with tho centurion, and in tho subter ranean church is a spring of water, mira culous in its origin, and which is tradition ally supposed to havo suddenly burst forth to enable St. Paul to baptise his disciples. Besides the obelisk of Rhamses I. there is another remnant of tho ancient world in tho Corso, which is still in admirablo preserva tion. This is the column of Autonino, so culled — which was formerly supposed to bo that of Antoninus Pius — but now is known properly to bo that of one of the purest and best of all tho royal raeo whoso lives history has recorded ; of tho emperor and philo sopher Marcus Aurelius, whoso " Medi tations " are inspired by tho noblest sentiments of honor, justice and truth, and of an abnegation of solf which is supposed to bo only Christian. Hero, too, among tho bas-reliefs on its sides which figure the con quests of tho Maroomannic wars, is one which represents what wus supposed to bo a miraelo effected by tho prayers of the Christian legion. J upitcr is here socn with water falling from his outspread arms, in answer to tho prayers for water which this legion were requested to niako at a time when the army was greatly distressed for want of it. Tho tradition is founded upon a passage in Eusebius, and a letter of Justin Martyr, and though great sus picion attaches to the authenticity of : the last, the Church has accepted it as true, and historians havo constantly repeated it. Why the Christians should pruy to Jupiter— and why Jupiter should answer — is not explained, but miracles aro rarely expli cable. What wo are in the habit of seeing daily soon ceases to make a deep or sharp impres sion on the mind, und to many of the Romans, even of tho bettor class, who are ignorant of history and havo no literary training, the very names of tho relies and remains of antiquity, which so deeply im press tho stranger, are often unknown. An odd instanoo of this occurred on the first visit of the Queen of Italy to Rome. As she passed for the first timo through the Corso and caught a glimpse in passing gf this colatnn of Aurelius, she eagerly turned to the gentleman who accompanied her (who was ouo of the gentlemen of tho court) and asked, " What is that column ?" " Ah, that," hesitatingly roplied the person addressed, "that — oh 1 that is the oolonna of Piazza Colonna." There is also anothor REMINISCENCE of Marcus near tho Via dolla Vita, and this is an inscription on the wall recording tho fact that hero onco stood the triumphal arch of this great emperor, which was en tirely destroyed by order of Pope Alexauder VI. ; and this inscription, strangely enough, recording his barbarous act, was placed there by the Pope himself, as if it had been a glory not a shamo. The arch of Claudius was near tho Piazza Sciarra, to tho right of tho church of the Cara Vita, which belongs to tho Jesuits. Thero is no vestige of it now remaining, nor of the othor arches of Domitian, Claudius, and Gordian, which once spanned tho Corso; but tho church of the Cara Vita, which stands on or near the spot where onco stood the aroh of Claudius, is perhaps ia some respects as characteiistio of modern times and the Catholic Church, as were these triumphal arches of ancient days of the Roman Empire. The church is small, and of no special interest in itself, but during Lent an extra ordinary penitence takes place there, which, however it may conflict with our notions of a kind and beneficent God of Mercy and love, is at least singular and interesting. Here, when tho shadows of night come on and darken cntiroly the whole church, so that nothing definite can be seen, an exhortation from tho priest is heard com ing out of the silenco, imploring those who have been guilty of sins of commis sion and omission to repent and ex piate them by self-flagellation. A bell is then rung, and these wordB iu Italian are heard in tho darkness: "Show your penance ; show your sense of Christ's sacrifice ; show it with tho whip." After which, for some 15 minutes, tho penitents, stripped naked to tho waist, scourge them selves with strings of knotted whipcord, crying out, "Blessod Virgin Mary, pray for us. " The severer the scourging the greater the expiation, und tho bleeding baoks of tiie penitents attest their faith in this strange and melancholy moda of pacifying an angry God, or at least a God who is pleased by the sufferings Belf-inflicted of his creatures. Among the other churches in the Corso may he montioned that of the St. Giacomo dcgli Incurabili, of (he Augustine churoh of Gesu e Maria, and St. Lorenzo in Lucina. This churoh is interesting as being the burial-place of Nicholas Poussin, and as containing a remarkable picture by Guido representing the Crucifixion, wliicli is thus spoken of by Mr. Browning in "Tho Ring and tiie Book," as the piece Of Master Guido Reni, Christ on Cross, Second to naught observable in Romo. And again : This San Lorenzo seems My own particular plnoo. I always say I used to wonder, whon I stood searco high As tho bed hero, what tho mnrblo lion meant, Eating tho iiguro of a prostrate man. But hero tiiero is noither time nor space to linger much longer among thoso churches. Still there is ono more, that of Sta. Maria del Popolo in the Piazza, into which a glance at least must be given at some of the in teresting things it contains. Hero, then, are noble pictures by Pinturicchio, and a chapel built by Giovanni dolle Rovere, and decorated by tho samo artist, and an Assump tion by Carlo Maratta, and a chapel designed by Raffaello, in which ho manifests himself in the triple char acter of architect, painter and sculptor — for tho dosign of the mosaic on tho ceiling, as well as tlio architecture, is by him— and also a marblo group bolow of Jonah sitting on a whale. Here, too, is a work by Sebastian del Piombo, who is buried in this church. And there are other thingB of interest which wo must now pass by. CloBe to tliis church is the Augustino Convent belonging to it, in which Luther made his homo whilo ho was in tho Eternal City. Hero lie celebrated mass. Hero tic prostrated himself, and called out, "Hail, sacred Rome, thrice sacred for tho blood of tho martyrs shod here." But beforo ho left Romo his opinion changed, his Catholic faith was sapped, and from being a devoted ally he becamo, as all the world knows, tho most determined opponent of tho Churoh. Hero wc must take leave of tho Corso, with its obelisks and fountains and palaces and shops ; its remains of antiquity and its modern sights ; its ancient triumphs and its modern processions ; of its living populaco and its equally living ghosts that haunt it, and whisper to tho memory and imagina tion. At all thoso visions of tlio daud and of the living we can but cast hero a hurried glance, for, fully to rocord them, would far exceed the limits of a paper like this. 