I the south seas. I o I (BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON.) i part iii.— the eight islands. I auoteit xxv.— The Odtcast Letehs. I A stop beyond Hookena a woodon honso with I two door stands isolated in a field of broken I lavs like ploughed land. I had approached it I on tbo night of my arrival nnd found it black R and silent j yotovon then it had inmates. A I nnd a woman sat thore onptive, nnd tlio | man had n knife, brought to him in soorot by | his family- Not long, perhaps, nftor I was by, I the man, silcnoing by threats his follow prisoner, out through tho floor and osonped to I tho mountain. It was known ho had a comrade I tj,erC| hunted on tho samo account ; and their I friends kopt them suppliod with food and I ammunition. Upon the mountains, in most i islands of tho group, similar outlaws rovo in I bands or dwell alone, unsightly hermits; and I but tho other day nn officor was wounded I whilo attempting an arrest. Some are desperate I fellows ; some mournful women — mothors i nnd wives, somo stripling girls. A day or two, I for instance, after tho man escaped tho polioo J got word of anothor old offender, made a forood I march nnd took the quarry sitting, this time with littlo poril to themselves. For tho outlaw I was a girl of 19, who had been two.ycnrs undor tho rains in tlio high forost, with horjnbtli'oif for comrado and accomplice. How . does tlfcir oW poet sing? ( i, . In tho, land of distress - Mv dwelling was on tho mountain height)' My talking companions were" the birds, ' ! The decaying loaves of tho'Kfiny clothing. It is fornocrimo this law abiding rhco floo. to the woods ; it is no fear of the gallows or the dungeon that narvos, thomsolros to resist and their friends to aid and to applaud thom. Their liability is for disease ; they are lepers, and whut thoy oombino to combat is not pun ishment, but segregation. Whilo China and England and France, in their tropical posses sions, either attempt nothing or offcot little, Hawaii has honorably fnced the problem of this ancient and apparently reviving malady. Her smalt extent is an advantage ; but tho rug- gcdnoes of tho physical character, tho de- sort woods and mountains, and tho habit of tho nativo mind, oppose success. To tho nativo mind our madical opiuious seem un founded. Wo smile to hear of ghosts nnd gods ; they when they are told to kcop warm in fovcrs or to avoid contagion. Loprosy in purtioular thoy cannot bo persuaded to avoid. But no raoro opinion would oxalt thom to resist tho law and lie in forests, did not a question of the family bond embitter and exasperate the opposition. Their family affcotion is strong, but nuorcct; it is luxuriously solf indulgent, circumscribed within tho passing moment, without provi dence, without nobility, incapable of health ful rigor. Tho presonao and tho approval of tho loved one, it matters not how purchased, there is tho single demand of tlio Polynesian. By a natural consequence, when death inter venes, ho is cotiBoled tho moro ensily. Against this undignified fervor of attachment, marital and parental, tho law of segregation often heats in vain. It is no fear of tho lazaretto ; tiicy know tlio dwellors are well used in Molokai; they receive letters from friends already there, who praiso tho plnoc, nnd, could the family bo taken in a body, they would go with gloc, overjoyod to draw rations from Govern ment, But all cannot heenmo pensioners at once, a proportion of rate payers muBt be kept ; and tho leper must go alone, or with a single rclativo ; and tho native instinotivcly resists tho separation as a wonsol bites. A similar reluc tance can bo shown in - Molokai itself. By a recent law, clean children born within tlio pre- cinot nre taken from thoir loper parents, sent to an intermedial hospital, and given a chance of life and health and liberty. I havo stood by whilo Mr. Moyor and Mr. Hutohinson, tho luna and tlio sub-luna of the lazaretto, opened the petitions of tho settle ment. As thoy sat together on the stops of tho guest house at Kalawao, letter after letter was passed between them with a enoor and flung upon the ground, till I was at last struck with thoir cavalier procedure, and inquired tlio nature of tho appeals. Thoy wore all tho Bamo j all from leper parents, all pleading to have thoir clean children retained in that abode of sorrow, and all alleging tho same reason —aloha nui nut en extrorao affeotlon. Suoh was tho oxtrcmo affection of Kaahumanu for Kanihonui, by which slio indulged her wantonness in safety and he died, But lovo has a oouutonnnoo more severe. The scenes I am about to describe, moving as they wore to witness, have thus nn elomont of something weak and false. Sympathy may flow freely for tho leper girl ; it moy flow for her mothor with reservo ; it must not betray us into a shadow of injustieo to the Government whose laws they had attempted to evade. I walked in a bright sun, after a grateful rain, upon the shore beyond Hookona. Tho breeze was of heavenly freshness, tlio surf was jubilant in all the eaves ; it was a morning to put a man in thought of tho antiquity, tho health and cleanness of tho oarth. And behold ! when I camo abreast of tho littlo pest honso on tbo lava both tho doors were open. In front a olrole of somo half a dozen women and children sat oonspiouous in the usual bright raiment; in their midst was a crouching and bowed figure, swathed in a blaok shawl and motionless ; and ns I drew more near I was aware of a continuous and high pitched drono of song, Tho figure in the midst was tho leper girl ; tho song was the improvisation of tho mother, pouring out her sorrow in the island way, "That was not singing," explained tho schoolmaster's wifo on my roturn, " that was crying 1" And sho sketohod for me tho probable tenor of tho lamont : " O, my daughtor 1 O, wy daughtor, now you aro going away from me, now you are taken away from me at Inst," and so on without end. The thought of thogirlsooarly separated from her follows— tho look of her living there oovered from oyesiglit, liko. an 'untimely birth — perhaps moro than all, tho pondtruting note' of tho lament — subdued my courngo utterly. 'With tho nntnral impuiso, I began to seek somo outlet for my pain. It occurred to mo that after two years in the woods tho family affairs might well havo sufforcd, and in view of -the transplanta tion, clothes,' furniture or money might ho need- ful. I believe it who hot done wisely, since it was gono about in ignoranoo ; I dare say it flowed from n sentiment no moro ercbt than that of Polynesians. I am sure thcro woro many in England to whom my superfluity hod proved moro useful ; but the next morning saw mo at tho post house, undor oonvoy of ' the eohool- master and tho policeman. .Tlio doors were again opon. A fire was burning nnd a pot cooking on tho lava, undor the supervision of an old woman in a grass green saequo. This dnmo, who scorned moro merry than refined, hailed me, seized mo, and tried to soat mo in her lap ; a jolly end coarse old girl from whom, in my hour of sentiment, I fled with craven shrinking ; to whom, upon a retrospect, I do more justico. The two lepers (both women) sat in tho midst of their visitors, evon tho children (to my grief) touohing thom freely ; the elder ohatting at intorvnls— tho girl in the Bamo blaok weed and bowed in tho samo attitude as ycstcrdajr. It was painfully plain oho would conoenl, if possible, her faoo. Per haps sho had been -beautiful; certainly, poor soul, sho had been vain— a gift of equal value. Somo consultation followed; 1 was told that nothing was required for outfit, but a gift in money would bo gratofuliy received, and this (forgetting I was in the South Seas) I was about to make in siloncc. Tho confounded expression of tho schoolmaster reminded me of whero I was. Wo stood up, accordingly, sido by sido before tho lepers ; I mndo the necessary speech, which tlio sohoolmaster trans lated sentence by scntonoo; tho money (thus hallowed by oratory) was handed' over and received ; and the two women each returned a dry "Mnhalo,"tho girl not oven then exhibiting hor face. Between 9 and 10 of tho samo morning tho schooner Iny to off Hookona and n whalo boat came ashore. Tlio villago clustered on the rocks for tho farowell — a grief perhaps, a per formance certainly. Wo miss in our modem life theso operatio consolations of tho past. The lepers camo singly nnd unattended ; tho oldor first, tho girl a littlo after, tricked out hi a rod dress and with a fino red feather ia her hat. In this bravery, it was the moro affecting to sec her movo apart on tho rooks and crouoh in her accustomed attitude; But this timo I had seen hor faco ; it was scareo horribly af fected, but had n haunting look of an unfinished wood doll, at once expressionless and dispropor- tioned ; doubtless a sore speetacle in the mirror of youth. Next thoro appeared a woman of tlio middlo lifo, of a swnggoring gait, n gallant figure, and a bold, handsome face. She camo, swinging her hat, rolling hor oyos nnd shoulders, visibly working herself up ; tho crowd stirred and murmured on licr passngo ; and I knew without being told this was tho mother nnd protagonist. Close by tho son, in tlio midst of tlio spectators, sho sat down, and raised imme diately tho notes of tho lament. . Ono after another of her friends approaohod her. To ono after tho other' sho roaohod out an arm, em braced thom down, rooked awhile with thom ombraccd, and passionately 'kissed them in tho island fashion, with the pressed ' face. Tho loper girl at last, as at somo signal, rose from her scat apart, drew near, was inarmed liko the rest, and with a smell knot (I suppose of tlio most intimate) held some whilo in a general clasp. Through all the wail continued, rising into words nnd a sort of passionato declamatory recitation as cnoh friond approached, sinking again as tho pair rooked together into tho tremolo drone. At length the scone was over ; tho performers roso ; the lepors and the mother were helped in silenoo to their plaoos ; tho whaleboat was urged betwoon tho roofs into a bursting surge, and swung noxt moment without on the smooth sweU. Almost ovory countenance about mo streamed with tears. It was odd, but perhaps natural among a cere monious, oratorical race, that tho boat should havo waited while a passenger publtoly lamented on tho boaoh. It was more odd still, that the mother should have boon the chief, rather the only aotor. Sho was leaving indeed ; she hoped to bo taken as a ICokua, or clean, assistant, and thus accompany her daughter to the sottlomont ; but she was far from sure, and it was highly possible sho might return to Konn in a month The lopere, on the other hand, took leave for over. In so far as regarded their own isle and birthplace, and for their friends and families, It wnB their day of death. The soldier from tho war returns) The sailor from the main ; But not the sick from the grey island. Yot they wont unheeded, and tho oliief part, nnd tho whole stage and sympathy, was for thoir travelling companion. At the time I was too deeply moved to criti cise; mero sympathy oppressed my spirit. It had always boon a point with me to visit the station if I oould ; on tho rooks of Hookona the design was fixed, I had soen tho departure of lopers for tho phtoe of exile ; I must seo thoir arrival and that plaee itsolf. Chaiteh XXYL— The Lazaretto. OroLU, Ha wait, January, 1891.— Tho wind ward coast of Molokai is gloomy and abrupt. A wall of cliff of from 2000 to 3000 fcot in height extends tho most part of tho longth (somo 40 miles) from east to west. Wood olustors on its front like ivy ; and in tho wet season stroams descend in waterfalls and play below on tho surfaco of tho ocean. For in almost tho whole of its longth the oliif, without the formality of any bench, plungos in the Pacifio. Bold water follows tho ooeet ; ships may almost overywhoro approaoh within a trifling distance of tho tower ing shoro ; and immediately in front of Molokai surveyors havo found somo of tho doopest sound ings of that ocean. This nnusual depth of water, tho oontinuity of the Trado winds and tho longth of tho fetch, extending unbroken from thoBhores of California, magnify the sea. 'The swell is nursed by tho Bteady wind, it grows in that long distance, it draws near through tlio deep sound ings without combing, nnd spends itself un- diminished on tlio cliffs of Molokai. ' Toward tho eastern end a river in a winding glen descends from tho interior ; tho barrier is here quite broken, and a bench is formed and makes a plooo of oal!,- Wnilnu. A few milos further east the eovo of Pclokiinu offers' a doubtful ahance "of landing, and is also' visited by steam'ors. Tho third and last place of ap proaoh is at tho Lazaretto. A shelf of under- oliff boro borders tho precipice, expanding toward its westorn end in a blunt promontory a little moro than a milo square. Tho lee of this preeipico offers nnusual facilities for land ing, nnd in favorable states of wind nnd son ships may anohor. But theso facilities to sea ward are1 moro than counterbalanced by tho uncompromising oharaoter of the barrier behind The - Pali (as tho preeipico is called) in ' tho extent of this strip of undercliff makes throe recesses, Waihannu, Waialola and' Waikolu— as their names imply, three gutters of the mountain. Theso are olothed in wood ; from a distance they show liko ver dant hioheB and retreats for lovers ; but the faoo of tho rook is so precipitous that only in tho first, "Waibanau, is thero a practicable path, Tho rains continually destroy it; it must be con tinually renewod ; to rido thcro is impossible ; to monnt without frequont fallB seems unoxpeotcd; and even the descent exhausts a powerful man. Tho oxistenco of another path more to the westward was affirmed to me by some, denied by othors. At the most, thorcfore, in two points, tho cliff is scanlly passablo upward. Passage coastwise ia beyond expectation to any oreaturo without wings. To tlio west the strip of underoliff simply discontinues. To tho east the wall itself thrusts forth a iiugo protrusion, and the way is barred oxecpt to fish and sea birds. Hero, then, !b a prison fortifiad by nature, a plaoe where thousands may be quar tered, and a pair of sentinels suffice to watch and hold tho only issues. The undercliff is in itself narrow ; it is widened on tho one hand by tho rcoesses of tho oliff; on the other by tho expansion of the foroland ; and the last contains (for a guess) two-thirds of tho whole territory. It rises in tho midst to a low hill enolasing a dead crater, liko a quarry hole ; tho intorior sides clothed with troos ; at the foot a salt pool, unsoundable, at least unsounded. Henco the laud slopes to tho son's edgo and upwnrd toward tho Pali in grassy downs. A single sick pandamus breaks, or brolco while I was there, that naked heath ; except in man's enclosures I can recall nowhere else ono switoh of timbor. Tho foreland is grazed by somo 1500 head of stock, 700 of them horses, for tho patients arc continual and furious ridors ; tho rest cows end asses. Theso all do excellently welL Tho horrid pest to whioh the place is sacred spares them, baing man's prerogative. It was strange to see those droves of animals feeding and sporting in exuberant health by tho sea margin, and to reflect upon thoir destiny, brought from so far, at so much cost and toil, only to bo ridden to and fro upon and eaten by the defeatured and tho dying. Tho shaven down, tho scattered bouldors, the cry of the wind in tho grass, tho frequont showers of rain, tho bulk of tho Pali, tho beat ing of tho near sea, all tho features and condi tions strike the mind as northern, and to tho northencr tho scono is in conscquonco grate ful,- like - one of bis native minor tunes. It is stirring to look eastward and see the huge viridoscout mountain front sunder the set tlement from the noxt habitations of clean men i at Pclokunu — at its foot, in tho sea, two tilted islets. It is pleasant, in tho early morning, to rldo by the roots of tho Pali, when the low sen and the oool breeze are in your face, and from above, in tho oliff Bide forest, falls a perpetual ohirruping of birds. It is pleasant, above all, to wander by the margin of tho sea. The heath breaks down, like Heli con, in cliffs. . A narrow fringe of emerald edges the precipitous shore ; closo beyond the blue shows the bold soundings ; the wanderer stands plainly on a mere buttress of tho vast oathedral ' front : of the island, and above aud below him, in the air and in the water, the prcoipieo continues. Along the brink rook ar chitecture and soa musio please the senses, and in that tainted plaoo the thought of the oloon- ness of tho antiseptic ooeau is weloome to tho mind. Yet this is but one side of tho soenery of the Lazaretto ; and I rcooived an impression strongly contrasted when I entered the reoess of Wala- loia. The sides wore niched and ohannellod with dry tracks of torrents, grass olung on the sheer precipice, forests clustered on the smallest vantage of a shelf. The floor of tho amphitheatre was piled with shattered rook, detritus of ' the mountains, with' which, in the time of tho rains, the torrents had maintained a cannonade. Vigorously blaok themselvos, these woro.spotted with snow white lichen, and. shaded and intermingled with plants and trees of a vivid green. The day was overcast ; clouds ran low about the edges of tbo basfn ; and yet the colors glowed as though immersed in sunshine. On tho downs tho effeot is of some bleak, noble ooast of Scotland or Scaudi- navia ; bore in the reoess I felt mysolf -trans ported to the tropics. There ore two villages, Kaisupapa, on tbo westorn shoro of tho promontory, Kalawao, towards the east upon tho strip of underoliff ; and along the road whioh joins them, each roaohes forth scattered habitations. Kalaupapa, the most sheltered in prevailing winds, is the oustomary landing plaee. "When the run of tho sea inclines tho other way, ships pass far to tbo eastward near the two islets, and passengers are Inndod with extremo diffioulty, and I was assured not without danger, on a spur of rook. Kalaupapa, being quito upon the downs, is the more bleak, a long, bare, irregular, ungardencd village of unsightly houses. Hero are two ahurohes, Protestant and Catholie, and tho Bishop Homo for Girls. Kalawao is even beautiful ; pleasant houses stand in gardens of flowors; the Pali rises behind; in front, aoross tho sea, the eye commands tbo islets and the huge green face of oliff cxoluding Polekunu. This Is the view from tho window of the lay brother,'- Mr. Dutton, and ho assured' mo ho found its beauty far moro striking than tho deformations of tho si ok. Tho passing visitor oan scarce attain to suoh phi losophy. Hero is Damien's Home for Boys. Olose behind is a double graveyard, whero some some of tho dead retain courtesy titles, nnd figure in thoir opitaphs ns "Mr." or ns "Mrs." Tlio inevitable twin churches comploto tho vil-. Inge. A fifth cluiroh, the ohuroh of tlio Mor mons, Bomowhero oxists in tho sottlemont ; but I could never find it. On tho westward end of Kalawao what wo moy call the official quarter strotchcs towards tho promontory) Tho main feature is tho enclosure of tho hospital and prison, whero bad eases and bad characters arc kept in survelllanco ; a groon in a stockade with a few papains and one floworing oleander, sur rounded on three Bides by low whito housos, - A littlo way off, enclosed in walls and hedges, stands the Guost Houso of Kalawao, and,' beyond that again, the quarters of the doctor; Tho Guest House is kept ready for tho visits of members of tho board-. I arrivod thero early in tho day, oponed tho. gate, turned my horse loose, and entered in possession of the vacant house. I wandered through its cham bers, visited the bathroom and tho kitoben, nnd at last, throwing myself upon a bed, I feU asleep. Just before the hour of dinner, Dr. Swift, returning from his duties, -wakened me and introduced himself. A similar arrival may be read of in tho talo of the Three Bears ; and that is well oalled n guest house where thoro is no host. Singular indeed is tho isola tion of the visitor in the Lazaretto. No patient is suffered to approach his place of residence. His room is tidied out by a clean helper during the day, and whilo he is abroad. He returns at night to solitary walls. For a while a hell sounds at intervals from tho hospital ; silcnco succeods, only pointed by tho humming of tho surf or tho ohirp of oriokets. Ho steps to his door; per haps a light still shines in tlio hospital ; nil olse Is dark. Ho returns and sits by his lamp, and tho crowding experiences besiege his memory — sights of pain in a land of disease and disfigurement, bright oxamples of fortitudo and kindness — moral boauty, physical horror, iutimately knit. Ho must bo a man vory little impressionablo if he recall not these hours with an especial poignancy ; he must be a man either vory virtuous or vary dull, if tiicy woro not hours of self-roviow and vain aspirations after good. When the Hawaiian Government embraced tho plan of segregation they woro doubtless (as is tho way of Governments) uupropared, and tho constitution of the Lazaretto, as it now exists, was approaohod by blunder and reaahed by acoidont. There was no design to pauperise; tho lepers woro to work, and in wholo or part be solf supporting ; and when a site had- to bo chosen, somo extent of oultivabla soil was first required. In this, as in other conditions, Kalawao was wholly fitted for tho purpose. In the old days, when Molokai Bwarmed with population, tho foreland must havo been a busy and porlmps a holy plaeo ; aud t 30 years ago it was covered with the ruius of lieiaus, but still inhabi ted, and still in aetive cultivation. Terras of salo woro ensily agreed upon. Unhap pily, the Government coquetted ; tho farmers were held ' for; mouths under suspense, for mouths/ in consequence, their houses were left unrepaired, their, fiolds unfilled, aud the pro- petty was already much deteriorated before tho purohaso . was confirmed and tho clean inhabi- tents ejected from : tho foroland. The history of misgovornmont by board followed tho com mon course to tho oustomary end ; too laic was coupled as usual with loo early; tbo Govern ment had - procrastinated to its loss, yet even then it was unready, and for another period of months tho deserted farms lay idlo. At length tho first shipment of lepors lauded (1865) with a small kit of blankets, tin dishes and the like, but neither food nor money, to find tho roofs fallen from the houses and tbo taro rotting in the ground. . : Thoy woro strangers to eaoh other, collectod by common calamity, disfigured, mortally sick, banishixl without sin from homo and friends. Few would- undortand tho principle on whioh thoy werei thus forfoitcd in all that makes lifo dear; many ' must have conooived thoir ostra cism to bo grounded in mnlevolcut caprice ; all oamo with sorrow at heart, many with despair and rage. In the chronicle of man thero is por- haps-no more melanoholy landing than this of the : leper Immigrants among the ruined houses and dead harvests of Molokai. But tho spirit of our raoo is finely tempered and the businoss of Ufa engrossing to tho' last. As the spidor, when you havo wreoked its wob, begins immediately to spin fresh strands, so theso exiles, widowed, orphaned, unohilded, logally dead and physi- cally dying, struck root in thoir now plaoo. By a oulp&blo; neglect in tho authorities they were Buffered to divide among them- selves the wholo -territory of the settlement; foil to work with growing hope, repaired tho houses, replanted the fields, and began to look about them with tho pride of the proprietor. Upon this scone of reviving industry a second deportation arrived, and the ' first were called upon to share and subdivido their lots. - Thoy did so, - not without oomplaint, whioh tho authorities disregarded ; a third shipment followed Bhortly after in the samo conditions, and a further redistribution of the land was imposed upon tlio early settlors. Remuneration was demanded ; Government demurred upon the price ; the lepers were affronted, withdrew their offer, and stood upon thoir rights,- and a now regimen aroso of ne cessity. The two first companies continued to subsist upon their farms ; but the third, and all subsequent shipments, must be fed by Government. Pauperism had bogtin, and tbo original design miscarried. To-day all aro paupers ; the single occasion of hoalthy inter est and oxoroiso subduoted, and tlio country at largo saddled with tho Bupport of manv useless mouths. 