PAULINE. CHAPTER XIV. DOGS SHE REMEMBER Hard as I fonnd it to do so, I resolved not to make my presence know to them. Before I met Pauline I wanted to talk to Prisoilla and be guided by her report as to my future method of proceeding. But in spite of my determination I yielded to the temptation of drawing nearer—from where I stood I eonld not see her face—so I crept on inch by inch till I was nearly opposite the Bketcher, and, half hidden by the under growth, I stood watohing her to my heart's content. There was the hue of health in every movement, and she turned and spoke a few words to her companion there was that in look and in her smile wbioh made my heart bound. The wife I returned to was a differ ent being from the girl I had married. She turned and looked across the stream. Garried away by my joy I had entirely emerged from my. lurking place. With the river between us bur eyes met. She must in some way have remembered me. Were it but as in a dream my fade most have seomed familiar to her. Shis dropped her peuoil and sketoh-book and sprang to her feet before Priscilla'a ex clamation of surprise and delight waa heard. She stood looking at me as though she expected I would speak or come to her, whilst the old servant was sending words of welcome across the noisy stream. Had I wished to retreat, it was now too late. I found a crossing place and in a minute or two was on the opposite bank. Pauline bad not moved, but Prisoilla ran to meet me and almost'shook my'hands off. " Does she remember—does she know me?".. I whispered, as .I disengaged my self and walked towards my wife. Not yet; but she will. I am. sure she will, Master Gilbert." Breathing a prayer that her prophecy might come true,b reached Pauling's side and held, out my handr She took it with out LeBitation, and raised her dark' eyes to mineJ~" HW Aid Irefrain'from clasping ber to my heart I " Pauline, do you know me ?" She dropped'her eyes. "Priscilla has talked of yon. She tells me yon are a friend," and that until you came I must be content and ask po . questions." " But do you not remember me ? I fancied yon knew; me just now." Sbe sighed. "I have seen you in dreams —strange dreams." As she spoke a bright blush spread over her cheek. " Tell me the dreams," I Said. " I cannot. ' I have been ill, very ill for a long time. I have forgotten much—every thing that happened." Shall I tell you?" " Not now—not now," she cried eagerly. " Wait and it may all come back." Had &he; any inkling of the truth ? Were th6'dreams she spoke of but the struggles of growing memory ? Did that bright ring which was still on her finger suggest to her what had happened ? Yes, I would wait alnd hope. ' We walked back together, with Priscilla following at a proper distance. Pauline seemed to accept my society as though it was a perfectly natural thing to do so. When the path grew steep or ragged she held out her hand for mine, as though its support was her right. Yet for a long time she said nothing. " Where have you come from ?" she asked at last. • " From a long, long journey of many thousands of miles." " Yes ; when I saw your face you were always travelling. Did you find what you sought ?" she asked eagerly. "Yes. I found the truth. Iknow every -thing." '•' Tell me where he is?" " Where who is ?" " Anthony, my own brother—the boy they killed. Where is his grave ?" "He is buried by the eide of his mother." " Thank God ! I shall be able to pray over him." She spoke, if' excitedly, quite sensibly, but I wondered she was not craving for justice to be meted out to the murder ers. "Doyou wish for vengeance on those who killed him ?" " Vengeance! what good can vengeance do ? It will not bring him back to life. It; happened long ago. When, I know not; but now it seeme years ago. God may have avenged him by now." "He has, in a great measure. One died in prison raving mad; another is iu chains, working like a slave; the third, as yet, is unpunished." :"It will come to him sooner or later. Which is it?" "Macari." She shuddered at the name and said no more. Just before we reached the house in which they lodged, she said, softly and be seeobingly,— " You will take me to Italy—to his grawe?,,«-:-- ■ •"> r I promised, only tio glad to find how in stinctively she turned to me to prefer the request.She must, remember more than she gave'herself credit for. .".I will go there," she said, " and see the placei - and then we will speak of the past no more." We were now at the garden gate. I took her hand in mine. "Pauline," I said, ''try—try to remem ber me." -A ghost of the old puzzled look oame into her eyes ; she passed her disengaged rhaind over her forehead, aud then, with-: out a word, turned away and entered the house. 