DIOCESE OF BALLABAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Catholics of BaUarat will, I feel sure, learii with deep Tegret of : the death at an early age of Sister Mary Aloysittt' Thompson, who erpised Ton Sunday night at Loretto Convent, Mary's Moontt; BaUarat, after having received aU the Sacraments. The deceased nun ca^ne, from near Maryborough, in the Queen's, County, Ireland. Both of hdr parents trere Protestants, and her grandfather wasTectpr of, Birr, in the King'e jCoiwty. She became a Catholic and entered the tovitiate ^t Loretto Abbey, Bathfaniham^ hear- Dbrtilin, in her severitetentfi^eitf She sufbsequehtly^ joined : a HBStfrimdtf''' sisters whb catite^'frtim the cdAveiit at ' Bathfaenham to BaUarat about iiine. years ago. /Although iConstHxdiolially; delicate she took aa acture part iu ; school duties, and waB a .great, favourite with all tier pupils, as their sorrow at h?r decease testified. To. the last she -nrtained ; hd- bHglft, ! kind manner^ and her interest $a ' those &» whom she had laboured. • fltor-- 1 departure from this life was so iw^y peaceful, it was less Ukede^hihaa to* child. falling to aleep. .from hour on Tuesday morning 'Masses' were,, said in th^ chapel of the conreat,iiidt|(f Bishop offered up the S'^opf" 1 Mass, anid afterwards pronounced fhe ;; absolution, ^he funeral took: ^aae - in the afternoon, the funeral: cwtegi - moving fromjkiary'e Moqnt tc» fthe nfW : cemetery.] ^he Bishop read % yrajW oyer the dead ^t the grave, wd the ;i following clergymen were present;— Dean Hoyne, V.G.; Very Hev. Dr. Del any; Bevs. Fr.Bergghman, C.SS.B.,. J. F. Bogers, J. J. Cleary, 0. Logfm^Fr. Stephens, Holy Ghost Colleger Pft Schmidt, C.S.Sp., and Fr. Foley. vThe - deceased ana is interred in* p}ot ; pnr- , chased by the comnuu^y, aad ^ to the beautiful spot selected; by the Bishop lor the deceased prielts and tt» Birters of Mtrey.—Seouiet^i v^i. ' ! There wu a very latwe attend^ «( members at the meeting of th»>i»eafc htanch of (he Coofratejcnfty of Paouly m the Cathedial on Mos^ijr ! spWtoil direoto ^ ' * theietreit whrth hadbeen gitwi%ri** Bedemptorist Fathers, and that Htm&W;' •ooree of edlflcation to alL Tbe ** seatlMBaaiauntioaed that theoew.miitik pnawowd be oooieerattdisaboBttir^ or three months' time. As none but earnest members were desired in the confraternity (said Dr. Delany), it would be necessary for the new members, before being consecrated, to attend regularly the weekly meetings (except when prevented by a reasonable cause), and also 'go to confession and Communion once a month, or at least every two months. The. annual eight days'retreat of the Christian Brothers commenced on Saturday, the 4th inst. It is being conducted by the Be v. Fr. Bergghman, C.SS.E. The school duties will be resumed after the midwinter holidays on Monday, 13th inst. The schools nnder the charge of the brothers in Ballarat and Ballarat East are in a flourishing condition. Boys receive, in these schools, a good commercial education, and are prepared for the Public Service examinations. But, above all, they are well grounded in the Christian doctrine. PBBSSNTATION TO BEV. PB. DEVANE. The Eev. Fr. Derane, who has just been appointed to the charge of the new parish of Warracknabeal, has been presented with a testimonial as a parting gift from the residents of the Smythesdale district. The presentation was made in the presence of the committee, at the Smythesdale Presbytery, by Mr. John Lynch, jun., C.E., j.P. In doing so Mr. Lynch expressed the deep regret felt by the people at the removal of Fr. Devane from the district, but at the same time they were delighted to find that in appointing him to a new mission Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, recognised his great ability, energy, and devotion to his sacred trnst. The testimonial has been got up hurriedly, and although all the lists have not been returned, it is expected that fnlly £100 will be subscribed. Mr. Lynch referred with pleasure to the gratifying fact that about one-half of the money had been subscribed by Protestant friends. He then handed a ohequefor the amount to Fr. Devane, and feelingly bade him farewell on behalf of his people, all of whom most cordially wished him long life and happiness. Fr. Devane made a long speech in reply, in which he referred with much gratitude to his connection with his late parish, and expressed the sorrow nei felt at leaving - so many true friends—both Protestant and Catholic. He had spent four happy years amongst them, and if his life in the new mission Wbuld. be as happy he would certainly consider himself the most fortunate]of men. Everybody in. the Smythesdale district had been exceedingly kind to him, and he would like to have remained longer with them, but when Dr. Moore appointed him to a new and flourishing parish he felt it a duty to accept the position without question. He was now far firom them, but as long as he lived he wotld treasure in happy remembrance his stay in Smythesdale. Fr. Devane spoke With much eloquence, and appeared to be; deeply affected with the kindly feeling'which prompted the gift, especially when he heard that so much had been subscribed by non-Catholic friends.— Bailor at Star. . couo. \- The ordinary meeting of the Colac G.Y.M. Literaiy Association was held in St.Maiy's schoolroom on 1st July, the nr£sj4e)it: the chair. It was decided ifrit7 fttt jgeipbers shoqlf assist at the tercentenary of ' St. Aloysius by approaching Holy Communion in a body. The election of officers for the ensuing half-year was proceeded with, resulting as follows:—President, G. M'Mahon; vice-president, O. Wrigley; secretary and treasurer, J." Gately; librarian, J. Roach; warden,P. Sheedy; committee, J. Bradley, J. flowley, and W. Bradshaw. The Contributions to the "Magazine" vpn read byth$ editor and much appreoiafed, 