THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of," The Son of His Fattier," " Sib Tom," "Oliver's Bride," ho., ha. All Rights Reserved. . CHAPTER XLVII. -In -the moment of that movement, half dragged by tho fast and firm hold upon hor, half pushing her captor, nnd .notwithstanding tho horror and panic of her arrest and discovery, Letitia had time, to form in her inind the ex- planations sho would give to John, if it were John; or if it should happen to bo Letty— (which was impossible — but all tilings are possible to ' guilt and mortal terror — ) 1 the indignant superiority with whioh sho would send hor away. But whon sho twisted herself round and confronted in tho light of the. anteroom, which seemed a brilliant illumination after the dark chamber within, tho faco of Mary 1 Mary I Letitia's strength collapsed, her self- command abandoned her, the- gasping breath came in a hoarse rattlo from her throat, her jaw fell, her eyes seemed to turn upon their orbits. She hung by the hand that hold her half insensible, helpless, overwhelmed, like a bundle of clothes, as if sho had no longer any sensation or iinpulso ofhorown. Tho only thing that kept hor from falling was the grip upon her hand, and the support of tho arm whioh Mary had put round hor to reach it. Sho was stunned and stupified, scarcely nlivo enough to bo afraid, though there began to grow upon her mind by degrees a consciousness that this woman who . held her had been mad — which even when she. had full command of 'horsolf was. what Letitia feared most in all the world. Mary was taller than her prisoner. She scorned taller now than ever she had dono in her life, her eyes were shining like stars, hor nostrils dilated with excitement and strong feeling, her color coming and going. She did not speak, but with her other hand held the milk to Letitia's lips, always with her arm sup porting hor, as ono might offer drink to a child. " Drink it," sho said at last, " drink it !"- in a keen whisper that seemed to cut tho silence like a knife. No mercy, no pity wero in Mary's eyes. Sho held Letitia's wrist in a grip of iron, , and pressing upon her, forcing her head back, held the glass to her lips, " drink it ! — drink it 1" The struggle wns but a momentary ono, and noiseloss. They wero liko two shadows moving, swaying, forming but one in their speechloss conflict. Then came the sudden crash of the shattered glass, as Letitia, recovering her forces in her dospcration, with a sudden twiBt of hor arm dashed it from hor antagonist's hand. Tho oontouts were spilled betwoon them, and formed a white pool upon the floor, from whioh, in stinctively, eaoh woman drow back, and there they stood gazing at each other again. . Letitia's evory nerve was trembling with torror, physical fear surmounting tho ilist panic of discovery, whioh was a torror of the mind. She expected every momont an aeeis of mad ness, in which sho might be torn limb from limb — though at tho samo timo calculating that tho mad woman might looso hor hold, and thero might be a possibility of desperate flight, and of all the household on hor side protecting her, and sudden relief from every terror. The naturo ot tho emergency brought book to her after tho first spoeclilcss horror hor powor of thought and calculation. She kept her eyes upon Mary's eyes, still wild with fright, but awakened ton vigilant watch and keen attention to every indication of the other's looks. But this was not the Mary whom Letitiaf had ever seen before. Her face had cleared liko a sky after rain.- It was like that sky ethereally - pale, exalted, with a transparence that seemed, to- como from some light beyond. Mary was no longer a woak woman distracted by over ten derness, by visionary compunctions, humbleness, uncertainty— but clear and strong, with the quivering, expanding nostrils, the wide open eyes and trembling lips of inspiration. Sho held her captive still, though sho stood a little apart from her, grasping fast in her own Letitia's shut hand. " What did you put in it," she said, "to kill my boy?" " Mary I" Letitia panted. " Why do you try to frighten me ? — your boy ?— you have told mo you had no boy " . . "That you tried to kill — before he was born — that you drove out of my knowledge — for I was mad. I know it all now — and you did it : what did you put in that to kill my boy ?" There came a shriek from Letitia's laboring breast. The words maddened her again into frantic terror. She made a wild effort to free her hand. Though it was a shriek, and intense as the loudest outcry, it was subdued by tho other terror of being' 'heard and discovered. Between the two she hung suspended, not ablo altogethqr to coerce nature, but still keeping its expression under. Vj " Mary," sho cried,- " let me go— lot me go 1" " What was it you put in it to kill him '?" " Mary 1 Let mo go — let me go I" ' " Not till you tell mo : and then vou shall go — where you will : away from here — away from my" boy." They were women, not used to any suoh struggle, and feeling in the depths of their hearts that to struggle so for any reason was a shame to them ; and every moment as it passed brought this consciousness moro near to Mary, who in the first shock was capable of anything. Perhaps her hold loosened, perhaps Letitia felt the magnetic effect of that relaxation even bofore it was palpable. All at once sho flung out her arm which Mary held, and threw something whioh was in it into tho dull small firo, which smouldored in tho grate, and whioh was kept thero, notwithstanding the warmth of the July nights, for the uses of tho Biclc room. There was a faint olang of glass against tho bars, and thon tho two figures separated altogothor and stood apart, still gazing at each other with panting breath. Letitia had felt that if sho ever got free from the grasp that held hor — if evor she could throw off tho hand that was like velvet yet olosod on her like iron, thore was but one thing to do, to %"> to got help, to make everybody understand that Lady Frogmore, mad as sho hod once been before, hnd burst in on hor and tried to kill her. But now that she had freod herself Bhe did not tako to flight as bIio intended. Sho drew away a step nearer the door, that she might retain that alternative— and kept tho most watchful eyo upon her antagonist, ready in a momont to fly. But she did not do so. Her breath bogan to como more easily. Perhaps'sho was relioved that tho attempt had failed — which at once relaxed the tragic tension of hor norves ; at all events her heart gavo a leap of satistaction that there was no proof against her. Tho milk spilt on tho floor had soaked into tho carpet— the vial was fused into liquid metal, which could betray no ono, in tho fire. She had gone through a ter rible moment, but it was over. She fell baok upon tho wall, nnd supported horsolf against it, propping up the shoulders which still heaved with the storm that was past— and then sho said in something like her usual voice — " "What is this all about, Lady Frogmore ?" Mary had grown restless like Letitia. The first impulso of passion and excitement failed in her, it was so unusual to hor gentlo bosom. She looked at this woman who stood dofiant, staring at her with a look of wonder and doubt. " If I havo dono you any wrong — " sho began with a quaver in her voico : and then paused. " You know," she began again, "that I havo not done you wrong. You stole into the room in tho dark, you put somothing in his drink. Ob, " cried Mary, olasping hor hands/" if I had not oome at that moment, if God had not sent mo, my boy might have been murdered. How dare you stand and faeo mo there ? Go, go !" She stamped her foot upon the floor. " Go 1 Don't come near my child again." "Your child," Letitia said, with a smile of scorn. "You who never hnd one! You have said so a hundred times." Mary's lips opened as if to roply — then sho paused. "Who am I to be angry 1" she said. " I have given her cause to speak. Oh, go, "sho cried, "go. I will not accuse you. You know what you have done, and I know, and that will separate us for ever and over. No one, no ono shall come near my child to harm him again, for his mother will be, there. Go, you wioked woman, go." "You are mad," oried Letitia, "who would believe a -mad woman? Say what you please, do you think anyone will listen to you? You are mad, mad 1 I'll have you put in an asylum. I'll havo you shut up. I'll—. Oh, save me from hor; sho's mad, she's mad!" cried Letitia, with a shriek. There was someone coming— and Mary had put forth her hands as if to seize her again. Letitia ran ' past her to the door, and there stood far - moment panting, vindictive. "Do yon think thoy will leave him with a mad woman T" she cried, thon gave another shriok and fled ; for it was not John as sho thought, who was ooming to protect her, but another cloaked figure like a repetition of Mnry's, who appeared oh the other side. She did not stop for further parley, but ran wildly, with the precipitation of terror, into the long, silent, dim corridor. "What has happened? What is it?" said Agnes, terrified going up to hor sister who stood with clasped hands in the middle of tho room, the light falling upon her face. Mary put her arms round her giving her a close momentary embrace, which was half joy to see some ono come who would stand by her, and half an instinctive motion to support herself and derive strength from her sister's touch. "I camo in time," she said, "I saved. him. Ho is safe. . I will never leave my' child again. Oh, never while she is here " "What is it? What is it, Mary?" Mary told her story, leaning upon her sister, holding her fast, whispering in her ear. Even Letitia's cries and vituperations had been sub dued, whispers of passion and desperation, no more. But to Agnes it seemed an incredible tale, a vision of the still confused and wandering brain. She soothed Mary, patting her shoulder with a trembling hand, Baying, "No, no. You must havo dreamt it. No, no, my dear ; oh, that was not the danger," in a troubled voice. Mary detached herself from her sister, putting Agnes away gently, but with decision. She took off tho bonnet which she had worn all this time, and tied the veil which had dropped from it over her head. Then she went into the inner room without a word. To pass into that silent and darkened room out 'of the irritation of tho otheiffiffiiko going into anothor world. The I Ijieatliiiig.uf-the uuine, in her. deep siuup filled it with a faint regular sound. The patient did not stir. Mary sat down at the foot of the bed, like a shadow. Her figure in its dark dress seemed to be absorbed in the dimness nnd pass out of sight altogether. Agnes-stood at the door and looked into tho chamber full of sleep and silence, weighed down by tho mystery ahont her. Had that fantastic, horrible scene Mhlly happened, or had it been but a dream ? There were still traco3 on the carpet of something white that had soaked into it, and her foot had crushed a portion of the brokon glass upon tlio floor. Was it true? Was it possible it could bo true? Sho stood wondering on tho vrogo of the stillness that closed over tho sick room ill which her sister had disappeared and been swallowod up. It is strange at any time to look into a chamber thus occupied. Tho feehle patient in the bed noiseless in the slumber of weakness, tho watcher by his side invisiblo in tho gloom, a point of wakeful anxious life among those shadows. Tho nurso sleeping heavily in tho background, invisible, added another aching circumstance to tho mystery — nurses of that class do not sleep so. ' Was it true ? Could it be true ? She was called back to the common passage of affairs by a faint knock at the door of the ante room, and going to it found Ford, conducted by a sleepy maid who had boen roused to prepare Lady Frogmoro's room. "Where is my lady, Miss Hill?"8aid tho anxious Ford. "I can't find my lady. It's late and she's tired, and I must get her to bed." "No, Ford; sho will not leave her son to night." V, " Oh, Sliss Hill, her son 1 she will die of it : or she will go wrong again, and what will every body say to mo for allowing this ? Sho must come to bed. Sho must come to bed 1" "No one can make her do so Ford — the nurso has gone to sleep, someone is wanted here. I will stay by her, and if I can get herjto go to bed I will." "You will both kill yourselves," cried Ford, aggrieved, "and what will be the. ndvantago in that? You may, if you please, Miss Hill, I have no authority ; but my lady, my lady! It .is as much as her. lifo is worth." v Agnes bade the maid bring her some shawls, and lie down herself. She went softly into the sick room and put a wrap .round Mary's shoulders, who raised her pale faoe, just visible through the dark in its whiteness to kiss her in token of thanks. Agnes, permitted her hungry heart an anxious look at tho patient, and satis fied herself, to tho relief of various awful doubts that had boon growing on her, that he breathed softly and regularly, though almost inaudibly. Sho endeavored in vain to rouse tho sleeping woman behind, and thon she herself retired into the ante-room. Was it true ? Could it be pos sible? As she sat thero, realising the extra ordinary way in which Mary and she had been allowed to come in and take possession, when sho peroeived that no ono came near them, that Letitia did not return, did not even send a ser vant, but gave up the pationt and the charge of him without a word, without the slightest notice of their possible wants, or care for them, a sense of the strangeness of it all grew upon her. Could Mary's talo be true? Oh, God, could it bo true? The woman sleoping so deeply, not to be roused — the house fallen into complete silence as if everyone had gone to bed. Mary and she, as it seemed, tho only two waking inr all the place. Could it bo true ? Could it bo true ? An hour or two later the scene had changed, the sick room was faintly illuminated through the closed curtains with the light of tho morn ing. And Agnes looking in, through the half open doorway, mot Mary's look, her face like tho clear, pale morning, a sort of ecstasy in her wakeful eyes. She did not seem to have moved since Agnes threw the shawl around her, nor had she closed those widely opened eyes. When she had given her sister that look they returned to the bed where Mar.'s young wasted countenance was now dimly visible. There was almost a chill in that blue dawning of the new day ; a something clear and keen, nbove illusion, tho light of reality, yet the light of a vision. As Agnes looked everything re turned to its immovable stillness again. Tho palo boy sleoping, tho palo mother watching, tho nurse behind como into sight with her head thrown back, a potent witness in hor insensi bility. Was it true? Could it be true? Chapter XLVIIL J ohn Parko woko noxt morning to see his wife in her dressing gown, moving vaguely about the room, a shadow against the full summer light that camo in at all tho windows. He could not at first make out what sho was doing prowling about in a curious monotonous round from window to window, pausing to look out, as it seemed, at the edgo of tho blind, first of one, then of another. He watched her for a little while in vaguo alarm. During all this time a vaguo but painful suspicion was in John's mind. He know better than anyone how she had looked forward to a hew state of affairs. Had sho not drawn even liira to that vile antici pation to plan nnd calculate upon tho ;-boy's death ? Tho pain of the thought -that ho had done so, made more intenso his senso of the ter rible revulsion in her mind when all these lior- riblo hopes came to an end. He was not a man who naturally divined what was going on in tho minds of others, but tho movement in his own, on this occasion, and tho instinctive knowledge which long years of companionship had vaguely magnetically conveyed to him about his wife — not a matter of reflection or reason, but simply of impression— kept a dull light about Letitia which surrounded no other person upon earth. Some thing liko sympathy miugled with and increased his power of comprehending during this dread ful crisis. How would she make up her mind to it, ho asked himsolf, notwithstanding the horror and shamo with which he thought of tho calcu- lations ho himsolf had boon seduced into sharing. Ho knew very well how littlo sho liked to lis foiled, how she struggled against disappointment, and got her will in defiance of every combi nation of circumstances. During all the previous day ho had been very uneasy, certain that in hor long absence sho was planning something, wondering what she could plan that would have any effect upon tho present state of affairs — fenring — he knew not what. John could not allow himsolf to think that his wife would con template harming the boy. Oh, no, no ! such a thought was not in his mind. Letitia had her faults. Sho had nover boen kind to Mar. She had thought of him as an interloper, as an in truder, as supplanting Duke— and bIio had not concealed her feeling. But harm him— by so much as a touch. Oh, no I no ! Nevertheless, John had been very uneasy all day, and even in his sleep this gnawing discomfort bad not left him. He had dreamed of deathbeds and dying persons, and of strange scenes of chaos in which sho was always present, though ho knew not for what purpose. And when he woke sud denly and saw her wandering about the room in tho high clear morning light like a ghost, all the uneasiness of tho previous day, all the troubled drcamB of tho night came back upon his heart. He watched her for a minute without making any ign, and then he ealled "Ljititk!" His voice mnd'o her Btert violently — but sho came , et once. wrapping her dressing gown round her as though she felt cold. ' " " ' " ' early ? Why are you prowling about at' this iiour : : ! " 3> I suppose it's early. X couldn't sloop — ono cannot always sloop when oue would." ' "You are not such a bad sleeper as you think," said John — as have said 'boforo him,' in . the, calm of experience, the partners of many a ' restless wifo and husband. ' "And I wish," ho added impatiently, " that you'd let mo sleep, at least." Instead of quenching him by a sharp word, n8 was Lotitia's wont, sho camo towards ' tho bedside and sat down, turning hor book to the light. "John," sho said, "there has been a groat deal happoning while you have boon asleep." " r. "AYhat?" he cried. HO raised himself up on his elbow, terrified, threatening, "Lotitia,, for God's sake, don't tell mo that anything has hap- poned to the boy." - " Ob, tho boy !" she oriod, with an impatience that was balm to his heart. Then she Vent on, not looking at him, "Fancy, who arrived last night— Mary | orying for hor child— — "Lady Frogmorc 1" " Mary— and onlling for hor child — she who always deniod that she evor had oue. . She came flying upon mo in his room, and seized hold of me and' dragged mo out of it; mad— mad— as mad- again— as — as a March bare." Her lips parted in a harsh lnugh. "I believe she would liavo torn mo to pioces if I had not takori to my heels. You know there is nothing in tho world X am so frightened of as madness — nothing 1 I took to my heels — — " ' ' ".-=! »ri "I'Aih't," said, John, " un- derstand. ,_£Sho carno in (he middle, jj'jio night to see her. child ?" - qii .i<w- of " Agnes must have put her lip-tn' it. "Agnes must have got it info hor head at last that she had a child." ' "And you were in his room? What were you doing in'liis r.om;-j3»j)tin ? ' You have-never nursed him." You were asleep when I came up- "stnirs." -v-Shc gave him a momentary glance— half of f alarm— and yet she had >. thought' of this, tod. "I fnnoied tho nurse looked' sleepy— tho night nurse, you know, John— I thought she looked drowsy, and I stolo back to listen. Woll I did, for she was asleep. I went in to see that all was right for the night — his drink——" Even Lotitia's nerve was not enough for this. She shivered. " It is cold at this hour in tho morning," she said, her tooth chattering. "Did you give him anything to drink?"- John would not have dared to confess to him self what dread apprehension wont through his heart. And it was dreadful for him to talk of it, though riha was so wonderful in self- command. "I?-— eh, no. I gavo him nothing. I have not nursed him, you know. I saw that all was there that he could want, and wns going to rotrso the nurso, when somebody crimp upon me and' took mo by' tho shoulders. ' At first' I thought it was you." "Why should you think that I would tako you by tho shoulders ? " ' His suspicion was not quenched; but seized upon ovcry word. "Yes," she said, "why should'I? 'i thought, perhaps, you were angry with mo for being there at all." " Why should I be angry with you," ho askod again, . " for being there ? " never taking his eyos from lier(facc. ' On drer, part sho novor lookod.towards him, but continued impatiently, " I don't sup'ppso I thought of the whys and the wherefores. I thought it wa-s you, 'that was all. And when I found it was Mary — I don't know whether she dragged mo out or I pushed hor out. Abov.o "all I feared a noise to wake the boy." ' John gave her a long soarching look. Ho did not want to find her out! ' Ho wantod her to clear hersolf from all suspicions, from all doubts. " Ali,.tho boy!" ho said, with a long' drawn breath, " tho poor boy 1 ' Did you wake him? ' It' might have been- as muob as his life was 1 worth." ' " ' ' ' ' " You think of nothing else," sho said. Then : with' a sort of indulgcncb to his weakness. "Your boy never stirred." She breathed forth heavily a: sigh— was it of thankfulness ? '"I suppose he was sleeping," she nddod, with a sort of bravado, "I did not look." " Good God !" cried John, springing up, " was there any doubt ? Had you any doubt' ?" He seized his dressing gown 'and thrust hiB arms into his sleeves, and his feet into slippers. " Aye," oried Lotitia, still without a move ment, ' without even looking at him, " go and see. Nothing would make mo face that woman again." Sho sat idly playing with a ring upon her finger, turning it round and round, but neither raised her head nor looked at him, (bough ho \- paused before her with again the' searching look of anxiety which he dared not define. ' "Lotitia, "lie said, "for God's sako what do you mean? There is something in all thisl don't understand. " ' - - ' "All, don't I speak plain enough ?" she said. " It's Mary como back, and as mad as a March, hare." ' ' ; : ' " And you loft her — a woman — in that stato — alone with the boy, just ' out of the jaws of death? What's that on your gown ? " She looked at it, bending forward to see — a long streak as of something' spilt. Tho stain, was stiff,- giving a rigid line to the stuff— and what John suspected, feared it' to be, cannot bo put into. words. His eyes grew wild with'te'rror, and his voice hoarse, as he repeated :— " On yotir gown? What is it ? what is it ?" " Oh, the milk !" Lotitia said. It brought everything before her,' and a shiver ran over hor again ; but also a laugh; which, though tunolcss enough, gave" tho distracted man by' lior side some comfort, for sho could hot havo laughed surely if it had been — - "AVespilt it botween "na, "Lotitia said j "and mad as she was she drow back for that, 'hot to'spbil hor dress. ' Shu had her Senses oriough for that. " Ho stood in front of her for a moment, undo- oidod what to do. when she suddenly raised hor head and cried sharply, " John, 'why do'h't you gonndsoe?" . "I. can't, understand you," he said. . You mean more than I krioiv." ' ' ' . ' ' She looked up at him again pnd laughed in a way that froze his blood.' ""Don't ( always?! she said, with a tone of contempt. ' Then added, stamping on the floor, " Go—go and see what has happened. I . will never "see that woman again."" ' ' ' John went softly along the corridor, half dressed, ashamed, miserable. Something had happened moro than ho oould understand, per haps more than lie would ever understand. The house was all Bilont, wrapt as in a garmont in the morning sunshine, which camo in by the .irgroat staircase windows and flooded everything. -.It was still very early. HiB step made a sound which rang ail through and through it. He could not bo -noiseless as the .women were, who stolo about -and inoi, and,. had their encounters, and nobody was ever tho wiser. He thought it was in the middle of the night that thjs arrival must havo . occurred which seemed to liirn like a dream, and which as ho passed through the sleeping hpusb and felk'jthp sjallncss of it lip think must bobut spme-wild fanoy of his w's, some thing which'eould not bo true. When lie pushed open the door of the ante-room a 'Urffe figure roso hurriedly out of a chair, and mot him. with the dazed look of a porson disturbod and half asleep. " Bliss Hill !" ho cried. Thon it was true? She put up her hand and said " Hush." Then, after a momont, " He is asleep, like a baby ; he has never stirred." " Are you suro that ho is asleep ?" " Oh, I thought that mysolf," sho eriod, un derstanding him. " He was so quiet. Yps, yes, he is asleep ; breathing faintly, but you can hear him. Oh, safe and sound asleop !" " BIy wifo told me — his mother — " " She is there," said AgneB, beckoning him to to tho door of tho inner room. Ho stood and looked in for a moment, with bis clouded and troubled faco, leaning against the lintel. Mnry's ear bad been caught by the sound. Sho lookod up and mot his oyes with that ethereal clear ness of countenance, the exaltation of her aroused and awakened soul. Sho looked bim in tiio faco with a mild serenity and peace, and smiled in recognition, then turned hor ey e3 to tho bod as if to show him tho boy softly sleeping there. Behind the nurse still slept in the easy ohair. To John it seemed as if it wero all a dream, of which there was no explanation. How did it como about that the sick room bad passed into the keeping of these two, arriving mysteriously dur ing tho night, whom bis wife must havo risen from his side to rceeive, of whom ho had heard nothing? Tho nurse aBleep, all the usual faces gone, the mother who had dia- owno<| him slttjng In" that aHitudo of lovo Ey Mar's side— what did it all moan ? ' " I? very strange," he Baid, drawing baok from the door. " I find you here in posses sion' whom I thought far awriy — and the niothor who was so estranged. Did you como down from tho Bkies ? Is it safe - to leavo her there ? Is she — " Agnes looked at the man, who was compara tively little known to her,' who was a man, frightening and disturbing in his Htrango undress in tho midst' of the silont house. " Sho wns an elderly single woman, unaccustomed to give any ncoount of herself to strange nich, and her weari ness and all tlic unusual circumstances told upon her. Hor - lips quivered and her eyos filled. " Oh," she said, " BIr. Farko, do not think wo meant any — any reproach. Things have hap pened that have brought my sister to her full souses — and to romemhor everything. I could not keop hor from her boy— you would not koop her from hor boy , >t . "Not if alio is sano ; not if it issafo,"snid John. Ho looked iu again through the half closed door. Once more BTary's keen "oar caught the sound ; and again she turned towards him her face, whioh wns liko the morning sky. Sho had never been beautiful in her best and youngest days. Now, with her grey hair rufHod by tho night's vigil, hor mild eyes cleared from any film that had boon upon tlioin, lambont and inspired witli watchful lovo, hor look ovornwod tho anxious spectator. Ho stepped baok again with a sort of apologetic humility. "I don't understand it," ho said. "Yousoom to have somo moaning among you that I don't know : but I Cannot bo the ono to disturb her. I hope— I hope that I am making no mistako " " You aro making no mistake, BIr. Parke," said Agnes. "Blar. was my ohild more than ber's ; bo was my baby. My lioart was nearly brokcn. for I thought ho was (lying when T crime here last night. But I trust him iu his mother's hands. I give place tb lier bccauso it is hor right. Do you think I would leavo my boy to hor if she wore not in her full senses,' ready to defend him, ready to protect bim — — ?" She stopped, choked with the sobs which, in hor groat oxhaustion and emotion, Agnes could ho longor entirely keep down. "To defond him — to protect him? From what ? from what ?" John said. " Oil, how can I tell? From the perils and dangers of tho night ; from carolossnoss and any ill wish." John's voioo was choked as that of Agnos's bad been. " Thoro is ho ill wish," lie said—" none— to BInr. in this house." ' Hb !fawi as he spoke, the traces on the floor ot something spilt liko that oh his wife's gown — and somo fragments of tho broken 'glass which bad escaped Agnes's scrutiny. Ho did not know what thcy'iheant. Ho was not clover, nor had lie any imagination to divine ; but something went' through him liko a cold blast, chillliig him to the heart. Ho paused a moment, staring at tlie floor, and the words died away on his lips.' Whon John returned to bis wife's room Lotitia was in bed, and to all appoaranco : fast asleep. The poor man wns glad, if s'ucli n word oould bo applied to anything ho' was capiiblp of . feeling. Ho withdrew softly into his dressing room, and sat there for a long time' with bis head in his hands and his face hiddenl What to think of the mysterious things that liad!passed that night ho did not khow; : ' : ' " h: ' (To be continued.) 