Sworn to ntMatter, at no *<oe am ', " Br itti* and fear not" WEUNE8DAY, MARCH 4TH, 1891 Law Reform. Mn G. H. Rkid, M.P., garo to a Sydney aadienco another of thoao oratorial dis pUys bristling; nitb cnnetio wit, aboand 1115 in BarosBUi and vehement denancio- tion that has earned for bim a reputation nntonobed by any other publio man. I'.ttiog aaido n consideration of the difficulties that invariably confront ? speaker whose audionoo iB a mixed one, and comprises everything between ex treme and sedate conservatism on tbo ono hand aud ultra radicalism and even socialism on tho otbor, there was ono part of his address that was roooivod with comploto unanimity by all who hoard him, " Reform of tho laws is wanted," aaid Mr [(bid ; aud forgetfnl of tbo faot at tbe momont, perhaps, that tho speaker was a barrister and a leading one, the remark waa loudly ohoored, demonstrating in an nnmistakeablo manner what tho pnblio sentiment on tho question was. Mr Kbid entirely left ont of hie programme for the ovoning any roforonoo to ?what tbo Government had done, and probably overlooked tho palpable faot that iv bis enorgetia oondemuation of tbe Government and its hoad, be was at,ono and tho eatno time rnnking a ?public confession of his own short comings.:: When Mr Rkid launohod ont ao forcibly against tho antiquated p'rOooiln'ro of onr Bupromo Courts of jd-tlce,'" tbo?tatute Book of tho oolony which bo termed a disgrace, ho was in reality screening bis own shortcomings at tho expense of Sir Llrnh.y Paii.bs, Mr Rkid for that night at lonsl was public prosecutor, with tbe Promier at the bar of pnblio opinion. To bo con sistent, Mr Hbid should bave occupiod a aimilai' position, bnt ho wasn't con sistent, so bo - inflatos himself with rightoiius indignation and "denounces" tba ' Premier, to the indascribablo joy of some and the di.gnst of others. Aa a Minister of tba Crown, a momb.r of the Legislature for some years, and a rising '?tar in the legal firmanont, Mr Rkid baa possessed exceptional opportnnitios for consistently worrying to death these mouldy old laws and antiquated bodging- ho denounced so freely in the *oourse of his address. Only a lawyer is in a position to say how obsolete and repugnant to the peoplo in these times .these lawa havo booome. No man but a lawyer could havo the hardihood to interpret them, ond after paying freely to have tbem interpreted, tho people pay jo?t as freely to obtain deliverance from '.ibem, onjoying in the long ron the dubious satisfaction of having spent a great deal of money for tho least moiety of justice. One would imsgino s_tJ[>at witb an Assembly ond Conncil *ib as onrs, in which so many repre tatives'of tho Isgal fraternity havo ?c,- that something wonld have been aaiptod in tho ahapo of law reform g ago. Instoad of that, new laws aro mod as nearly on the linos of tho old ss as poasibln. Then, ngain, when someone with greoterhardihood attempts to tako the bull by tho horns and effect some mneh-needod reform, tho ghosts of old and decayed statntea nro rsstirrooted for his benefit, and tho sort of worshipful ? respect for the ghosts of a di-ad and btiried paat that many persons entertain, precludes the possibility of oven pioce jacal reform being onaotod, much loss anything tbat aavonrs of a sweeping change. We boast of onr fraodom, of onr liberal laws, and of tho justico ?qnally enjoyed by rioh and poor aliko. ?Wbati do"n tbo boast amount to .when properly examined ? A poor 'man—who perhaps only five minutes 'beford ottered ths same boast—Books redress, and, if his cause in good, gots it; -bnt the cost of tho precious article robs biu) of the joy of possession. His legal advisor may bn the bost, tho groatest expedition usod, and tho very pick and IfldJrer'of tbo profession at his back, bat he fights with shadows resnrrcctuil from King. Ciiakle-j or James of blossod "moaiiry nnd tho shadow somehow or other gets tho best of it. Mr Reid -told his bearers that a poor man oould ' J fa , j-il''his. way through all tlio Courts bare and roanmo tho ougagoiuont in London. Why anybody poor or rioh ? should"'"'' avo ti seok jiistioi in tho London Courts is past comprehension. r We aro 'also told by the sntno gontlo ...man tbat. we in thia colony aro -living* under s system that prevailed 'in, V rigland in tho middle egos. For tho'people of a conntry whose boast is tbat thoy ore tho froe.t peoplo in tha .world aud Iho most indopondont, to havo ."snch a thing said of thorn, is a disgrace, and ono tbo Legislature, whon it oan "-purge'its'elf of its veneration for myths, finight well initiate steps to remove. ?;Mr J. H. Want, Q.C„ addressing a "meeting at Paddington somo months ..ago, on the Snnday Observance Bii '??< read ont to hia audience nevoral old laws, never ropealod, but whioh if put into operation at tho prosont d.y wonld simply be productive of revolution. One was to tho effect that tha hiring of, -'or riding in any vohiolo on tho Sabbath day was puniahabl. by fino or irapriaon ? ment; another, that a penalty wus ?provided for tho man who didn't walk reverently on tho Sabbath ; and thoro -are other statutos, opart from thoso tbo observance of tho Sab >batb, just as ununited to tbe require ments of the age. 