NUNNBRY LIFB IN THE OHUROH OP ENGLAND. (By Sister Maru Aanes. O. S. B.'S apparitions and miraciibs. - Ohapter XVI. — (eontinuedA . With regard to tho vision of tho "Sacred Host," I simply do not believe it at all. I believe that one of them imagined it, and told tho other about it in some way, and that that other was only too ready to believe it. This is my firm conviction about the matter, and I hope that as I am no longer a nun I have not only the right to have an opinion of my own, but also a right to express it. During nay sojourn at Llauthony, I never saw anything supernatural, although there wero some who ofttimes tried to work my mind up to each a state, that it was with diffiaulty something of ths kind was not forced upon my heated imagination. I reoollect a somewhat ridioulous cir- cumetanoe in this direotion, that occurred on the " eve " of the " anniversary of the apparition of our Lady of Llauthony." . We were watching tho procession of the Shrine, and its accompanying and subsequent rites, when suddenly the reverend Mother exclaimed : " I see something ; it's moving I " " Where ? " I asked, " for I oannot see anything." The Mother then pointed to the Abbot's Meadow." There was something moving slowly, and I watched for a few moments, and then said : " Why, it is the cow, with patches of white on her." And so it was, as she was obliged to acknowledge. This Mother I believe often profdased to see visions, and dream super-, natural dreams ; and I might have thought that I saw viBions, but being somewhat of an inquiring and matter-of-faot turn of mind, I preferred to ha very cautious, and oarofolly eif ted everything that had any appearance of the miraoulous about it. For instanoe, I was once kaeeling at the prayer-desk before the " altar," supposing myself to be quite alone in the ohurch ; when I suddenly saw the ourtaiuB at the baok of tho " altar " gently moving for some time, and I wondered wat this movement ouuld mean. Then all was quiet again, and I resumed my devotions, tbiuking that possibly I had only fancied it. Suddenly, bebmd thefiowers and oandlesticks, I beheld a face, and I began to tremble, and feared even to look up again ; but at last I did so, and I beheld tbe reverend Mother, who was, I believe, engaged in dusting. Now if I had been half asleep, I might easily have imagined I bad seen a vision of a departed saint ; and I think the semi-darkness in whioh the sanotuary was eneveloped, together with the soft rays of the ever- bnrning sanotuary lamp, can with little difficulty lead the devotee to imagine the Bupernatura!, especially as we were always taught that on the " altar," that miraole of miracles, or rather that imposture of impos tures, took place in the transubstantiation of the bread and wine, into the body, blood, soul, and divinity of the Lord Jesus Ohrist. But to return to the apparitions, an account of whioh I have already given, and about whioh I have stated shortly hay opinion. I was at Slapton, in Devonshire, at the time they took place, and therefore I only heard what the boys had told Father Ignatius. He asked as all : " Do you believe them ? " The other nuns said, "Yes." , Father Ignatius then said: "Do you believe them. Sister Agnes ? " I replied, " No, dear Father, of course I don't. I never believe anything the boys aay." I had a particular dislike to the monastery boys, and I had often heard from the reverend Father what lying boys some , of these very ones were, and as to— he scarcely ever spoke the truth. Then, as to poor Bister Janet, she was certainly very ecoentrio and peouliar, and when anyone injured her she usaally threatened to " call up the ghost " of her dead father. She once thus threatened a man, and a priest, knowing of it, disguised himself, and frightened the poor man eo muoh, that he refused to go baok to the hut where he lived. Apart from this she had her good points, and was Father Ignaiius's devoted slave. As you will have noticed, the reverend Father was at Slapton Oonvent daring most of'tlie time when the said apparitions took place, and he heard of the visions throhgb the letters of the brother at Llanthony at the time, and be was but a novice-monk. Father Ignatius read the letters to us, and I hardly knew what to make of the matter ; but at last the Reverend Father returned and saw for himself the most marvellons and glorious vision, after which I very natorally —considering my state of mind at that period of my life — thought it must be true, which in a sense was fortunate for me, for on his next visit he again asked me if I believed in it, and I remember well I replied : " Yes, certainly, dear Father, I do not doubt your word." He' then told us that he was determined that no one should stay in monastery or convent who did not believe in it. And now a word or two about the story of thei " middle-aged lady," otherwise the Novice- mistress, the account of whose miraculous cure I have already given in the words of Father Ignatius. To begin with, that account difEers some what from the one I can give ; but as I am matter-of-fact in my statements, I think it best to give the facts as I know them, for I was one of the Slapton nuns at the time. Yes, I was a nun then, although life-vows bad not been pronounced by me ; I was what is terbaed a "life-vowed novice," that is, in making my vows I made them "until the time of my profession." But I have in a previons part of this book explained that novice-vows were to all intents and purposes well, nigh as binding as those made in full profession. I merely give this explanation to show you the position I was in at that period !;when at tilapton. Father Ignatius, in his oration on the apparitions speaks of me as a nun, for, in touching upon the healing of the Novice-mistress in the Slapton Convent, ho said: : . " Next she told and showed her sister nuns the miraculous wonder"; i.e., the withered rhnbarb leaf. Now, as a matter of foot, she neither told the nuns, nor ehowed to them this great wonder ; she may have showed and told the Mother Priorese, but no one else. The Vioar of Slapton came to celebrate, and spoke of tbe wondrous miraole which bad taken place in onr midst. (I believe this was on a Saturday, and the miraole of healing bad taken place on tbe previons Tuesday.) Now, certainly we had been more or less with her all this time, and yet we knew nothing about it ; so when the Slapton Vicar gave his address, 1 was very puzzled to know what he meant. ' ; When the celebration was over, and we had come out of the Chapel, I asked : " What did the Vicar mean ? " and I said to the Mother, " Have you really been cured, Mother mistress ? " (It wae then that 1 dis- .covered that only tbe Mother Prioress knew of it.) L "Yes; have yon not noticed it," she lopiloue I had to confess that I bad not noticed it, and, what is more, I never did, for she still limped, and still does. . In fact, I once said, " Mother miatress, is it not strange that our Lady did not quite cure you ? It would have been so much nicer if she had I ' She replied, " Yes, bat I .mnst be grateful for what sho has done." Now I really did then believe she had done something, but what it really was 1 could not ;make out, as I saw no difEerenoa in her whatever. In fact, many times have I seen the poor nnn fluehed with pain at the exertion of moving. Most probably the abscess had rnn its coarse and closed naturally just about . the time when the rhnbarb leaf arrived ; and las to the raising of the limb which she had 'been nnable to do for thirty-eight years, we call know how easy it is for eome persons to imagine almost anything. But all I have to say is, she was about the eame when 1 first ; saw her; and if any one went to see her, they would see for themselves that she still limps. While she was a novice, she had a bad attack, after wbioh a crutch was pro- :oared for her, which she used onco or twice, ,and then went back to her old stick ; but both cratch and stick had been given up long before the apparitions, though occasionally she would take tbe stiok to go np the hill .with, to the eummer-house (and I often wished I had one, for it was a tiring climb). :Nevertheless the stick and the crutch are now laid at the " Shrine of our Lady of Llanthony " as "memorials of God's wonders 1 " I remember how I have looked at this stiok and crutch, and thoughts passed through my mind which I need not mention. Since I finally left the convent, I have been told that a certain yonng man acknowledged to a priest that he bad enacted the whole of the apparition with a magic lantern, and that the priest had written to Father Ignatiue, advising him not to say anything more on the subject, or else he would make known how the whole thing came abont, or words to tbiis efEect. Probably tbe yonng man was the railway clerk, who witnessed the boys' excitement on the subject, for nowhere do yon hear of his having seen the apparition himself. Doubtless be was too busy amusing the others. Now I do not say positively the apparitions were produced by a magio lantern, but I was told so, and I think this is the general opinion. Chapter XVII.' Libert?, ' : I cannot but add a chapter in whioh L shall especially endeavonr to give a word of counsel and warning to all who may in any degree be looking upon convent life, whether in the Chnroh of England or in the Ohnroh of Rome, with a favourable eye. I may say sincerely this book has been written with this object. And if, in doing what seemed to me so bonnden a duty, I have hurt the feelings of any who aro mentioned in its pages, it was not with tho object of doing so that I was led to speak out the truth. My prayer for them is that they may be brought out into the same liberty that I, through God's infinite mercy, am now in tbe enjoyment of. I can truthfully say that in doing this I have fully counted tbe cost, and it has already cost me DO small amount of pain. I have spoken the truth, and I have endeavoured to do so in no vindictive manner, but in love. Diatinctly this book has been written to warn all against making this terrible mistake in life that I made. Had I but listened to and obeyed my mother, her advice would have saved mo from wasting (I can nee no other word, though God will doubtless overrule this mistake for my own good, and for tbe good of others) the best and youngest years of my life, and have prevented me from enduring years of mental sufEering and misery. But when 1 went astray on the path that seemed so attractive and pleasant, I was very yonng ; I was but fifteen years of age, and like, I fear, so many yonng and inexperienced people, I was foolish, self-willed, and fancied that I was better able to judge for myself than others were to judge for me. And so I was led to deliver myself over to the tender mercies of High Church Fathers and Mothers. 1 was simply bs witched by their "fair speeches," high professions of sanctity, and solemn assurances of the happiness belonging to the cloistered life. When I think of suoh " false prophets," I am forcibly reminded of the words we read in 2 Timothy Hi. 6 : " Of these are they that creep into houses, and take captive silly women, laden with sins, led away by divers lusts, ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of tbe truth. " I was led by Ignatius to believe that by my action I was doing God's will, and that by leaving my home and relations I was but obeying the command of Christ to " leave all and follow Him." Wae there ever such an absurdity as this ? I was not called to go on a mission to me teeming miuions living in heathen darkness, and take to them the Gospel of God's grace ; nor yet to work amongst the heathen in car o«rn large towns ; but positively to make myself a prisoner in one particular bouse, to be abut up where I could engage in no Christian or even philanthropic labour, and in such an isolated position I was told over and over again that I could live the highest, tbe holiest, and the happiest life on earth, and withal, bring down to the world around me blessings and health through tbe merits of " holy obedience." I was taught that I could bless, and be made a bleseing to others, by "telling the beads," "invoking the eaints," "confessing sins to man," by "hearing mass," and by "reciting various office." What incredible folly ! (To he continued.) 