THE MERCURY. HOBART : FRIDAY, SEPT. 4, 1891. EPITOME OF NEWS. , " Tho Mirror of the World" visits New Norfolk to-day. : ' I Royal Socioty evening mooting Tuesday evening instead of Monday. Mooting of dono« and subscribers to Girls' Industrial behool to-day. A telegraph station has been opened at East Strahan. ' Ouse Crickot Club meets at Ouse Bridge Inn on Saturday night at 7 o'clock. Thomas Jeffries linod Is., with costs re- mitted, for burying an infant in a garden. Prospectus of Tasmanian llabbit and Meat Preserving Co. in this issue. Shooting match at Upper Broadmarsh on 12th inst. Narse* wanted for Hamilton Cottage Hospita'. Half-yearly meoting of Hobart Savings Bank on the 7th ii.st, at 11 a.m. Glenorchy fruitgrowers meet on 21st inst. to elect now Board. S.T. Artillery class firing on Saturday. Commandant's inspection on Monday. Hobart Parliamentary Debating Associa- tion meets this evening. Secretary and collector required for Augusta Road Trust. City Band announces two concerts for Sunday next. Illuminated address and purse of sovereigns presented Mr, D. Burke, Warden of West- bury, yestorday. . Inaugural concert by Mr. Tennyson Bates' new band on Sunday evening next. Classical music. Examination for Junior Newcastle Scholar- ship at Hutchins School during present month. Shares in Bank Van Diemen'a Land and National Bank amalgamation totalled last night 14,941. Associated Chambers of Commerce think closer commercial union with the mother country and her colonies most needful. The Queen goes to Germany next spring. Germany and Russia borrowing money. Pastor Spurgeon getting botter. Russia buying Suez Canal bonds. Emporor William present at Austrian military manouvres. Kain-makitig experimenta proceeding in Mo-cico. Russia anxious to exchange Bessarabia for territory noarei tho Euxino. . Captain Hanry Taiiyour appointed now Director of Works at Sydney. Train robbers in America pursuod by bloodhounds. Fire In Fiindefi-street, Molbourne, yester- day morning Damage £10,000. Servia and Bulgaria withdiaw their troops from frontier service. . '.?.Indum regiment formina: for Hong Kong ?atrium weite.' ;? ,-*te*mboa» capsized off Nora Scotia.' Sight ftrtalitie*. . - ,t \--Entire hard of pedigree cattle destroyed in 'Ounberland, owing to plonro symptoms. -dlhirty-soven thousand minors on strike in Denbigh and Derby counties. ""London* wheat market steady al 40». G1, por quarter. . , Crops in many, part« of Ireland now under water. -Credit notes are being issued in Russia for relief of the starving peasantry. . \- New York and Japan maila to bo carried in 13 days. French Govornraont official charged with stealing £40,000. . , . Scenes of viplonce still prevailing in Chili. Troops revolting ; towns sacked and burnt ; residente outraged. i ? ' Proposal mooted for establishment of a State Board of Arbitration to adjudicate in labour disputes. Seven thousand Jews leaving Russia for England, America, and Australia. They find no rest in Palestine. In the Legislativ o Council yoktorday, Mr. Watchorn carried his motion for tho tabling of correspondence re the Hobart Tramway. Motion to introduce the Cbudleigh-Zeohan Railway Bill was withdrawn. The Zeehan and North Dnndas and Mount Read Railway Bill was carried through com- mittee, reported with amendments and con- sideration of same set down for tbo next day. The Mount Dundas and Zeehan Railway Act Amondraont Bill was read a second time and comruitteod, but progress only reached clause 3. The Council adjourned at 10.5 p ra. till 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly, at 4 o'clock, after formal business, Mr. Dobson announced that he had been offered and accepted the position of Leader of the Opposition, and trusted he would be able to conduct matters onthat side of the House in cordial relations with the Government of the day, whoever they might be, and in the interests of the country at large. The Treasurer congratulated the hon. member on assuming the Leadership of the Opposition party, complimented him on the ability he had shown as a debater, since taking his seat, and reciprocated his expressed desire to carry on criticism of Government mea- sures in a harmonious strain, promising him assistance from that side of the House. Tho House wont into committen on the Commonwealth Bill, and the introduction and chaptors 1 and 2 were disposed of with amendments. Progress reported, and leavo given to sitagain this day (Friday). Committee resumed on the Residonce Area Bill, referring to mineral fields. Further progress was made, and leavo given to sit' again on the following (this) dav. At 10.55 the House adjourned until 4 p.m. this day (Ftiday). A change came over the Assembly yesterday. The Opposition, long de- moralised, we might say disintegrated, pulled itself together, and Mr. H. Dobson announced to the House that he had been elected leader. He did 'so in a modest and appropriate speech, which was, however, somewhat marred ¡by atoo rapid delivery, in the course of which he touched upon the subject I of party government. He said, what we I think almost everybody will agree with, that it is not desirable that party government should, be carried to the extremes which have marked it other places and here in other times, but he held, apparently, as most per- sons hold, that it is most desirable that the' Ministry of the day, should have a watch kept upon it, aud be subject 'to a /keen' ¡though kindly criticism'. ] lu ^thîs ^mattârj as in most" others, as Buiike pointed out long ago, all depends'upon the spirit in which the work is' done, and the way in which wise compromises are accepted. Indeed, this may be said of all political action whatsoever. There is no system so ¡bud' but, what it can be made to work by prudent, cautious and . wise x \men ; nor is there any so'xtneoretically per- fect but . that içp wilL fail, , if it^s'.admiiiisterèd.by^bo'J'ooliahî.thej jignorant and the "reckless, ifhq grçat John Locke made 'a-^Cohptitutíon for Maryland, based on all -the wisdom of the world, which went to pieces almost as soon as it was proclaimed. A few refugees from persecution assembled on the barren shores of New England, and made a Constitution fir themselves, which | survived the shocks of time and I chance. This is, however, a speculation which belongs more properly to a dis- cussion on constitutional matters than to one on parties in the As- sembly, and yet the truth is that all these questions run into each other, for their solution depends on theiame qualities in tlie persons who have to deal with them. Coming back to the relations of parties in the Assembly, we cannot but congratulate both on the courtesy and moderation displayed, even though they represented^ the polite salute which it is customary to perform before the crossiug of swordsv We take it, however, from the temarla; made by the Theasüäeh, thai íhóré'& a disposition, at*least at thö present time, to do everything in the most friendly manner. ' Just now this 4s readily' possible, since there are not only" np' burning ' questions before the.House, but absolutely no ques- tions at all'which can be said to'excite any' 'feeling. The Tkbasuheh, on behalf of,therMinistry/was quite able to promise the most cordial assistance to the new leaderof the Opposition, and to congratulate him'on his election, for ¡the excellent reason that the Opposi- tion is not now what 'it was when tluf Täeasukeb ' himself sat-, on the left hand of the Si'BAKeu. It is ilqt> only not what it /was then, but it ¡s much better than it was. The Opposition has, certainly, in latter days showed a much greater regard for facts and the reputation »of the celony >.''than used to be'^shown iu' those1'days whenj hungry for office, it hesitated at no '' statement winch it thought could damage the other side. , Such party government we do J not wish to see again. In the place of that pure folly, which raged 'for some years, we shall be well pleased to see the sort of party action now fore- shadowed, and which we believe the member for Brighton will do his best to carry, and probably will succeed in carrying, out. If he should succeed, if he can combine stiict criticism of all ministerial acts with moderation and tlie steady furtherance of the public business, he will do a great service, and may help to save this colony from some of the faults and follies Which are conspicuous in the other colonies. It is possible that some I persons may think that we are magni | tying the effects produced by a prudent and effective Opposition, but it will be found by those who consider these matters carefully, that the attitude of the House is often íeflected in the country, even as tho attitude of the country finds expression in the populai blanch of the Parliament. -¡ Ou this point there is rooraJfor mucli grave reflection. As yet we are unable to fully say what effect the various Parliaments have upon the colonies in v\ hich they act, but it is hardly too much to say, we think, that many of them act iathor for evil than for good. There «as a time in the early history of Victoria when the 1'arliaraenfc was an educational influ- ence of «great' valu«] but those days hare passed away, with the men who composed the Parliaments 'of those days. At present it is too com- mon to hear the Parliaments of the colonies spoken of with contempt, whilst it must be admitted that some of them have anything but a gxod in- fluence on the country. In theory the Parliaments should be composed oí select men, men who could set an example of conduct, and who could so discuss the questions of the day ns to enlighten the people, and enable them to see what are the practical aspects of great subjects, and what are the possibilities and duties of political action. This, the only true repre- sentative government, is what we are losing rapidly. It is coming to be understood in these colonies and in Great Britain also that a Parliament should simply reflect the dominant craze of the day of the people, and that it should change as the popular feeling changes, aud should bo a mere weather-cock moved by every breath of the popular gale. This we, and not we only, but every historian and philosopher who has wiitten on such subjects.believe to be a serious, perhaps a fatal, mistake, which may be cured by experience as time rolls on, but of which there are rather signs of growth than decline at the present time. It is customary when visitors, es- pecially political visitors, come here from the otlior and larger colonies, for them to treat us, when they do not openly express contempt', with what Lowell has called "a certain kind of condescen- sion." The-y are good enough to assume that a small Pailiameut is naturally an inferior Parliament, but by what process of reasoning, if there is reasouing at all in the matter, we have been-unable to discover. In truth; there^is no sound reason why a small Parliament should not set an example to the larger, and we submit that the Tasmanian Parliament has, (in some respects, set that example already. There is no valid cause ! why it should not do moie than it . has done already. How fur it will ¡be able to do so will depend to' 'a very considerable extent on the 'conduct of 'the Opposition, which ¡may be said :to give a tone to the 'House. The Ministry, of course, ¡performs a most important duty ,m directing the business of the House, ¡but, on ,thej, whole, tho Opposition 'gives the1 tone, and ' decides what ¡shall be the general character and ivalue of the |vork done ' Some of the .Oppositions in the other colonies have set examples'which seem,, to show us what to avoid ; we may, perhaps, be able to show them an. example iwhich they ought to; follow. At all events, we know of no higher' and worthier ambition for a man with the time at his disposal, than to seek to so act as to show tliat a democratic can be efficient and moderate, and that it is possible to combine n'gid, even severe, criticism with a line of con- duct which secuies respect and tends to elevate alike by *- precept and example. ,,/ > JIíie As'oinbjj^ yestcrjáyr-in äcaliua>witl»> jtlie Federal Constitution Bill, adopted the ¡name " Commonwealth," without~much dis jcu-sion. The name «as accepted, appirently, on the ground that it oxprcssed the' very fthiug that was-to bo formed, though some ¡members seemed to consider tiio terms Commonwealth and Commonweal expressed ?the same thing. If these honourable mem- bers consider a little, they will discover that tho things cxptesscd ure essentially different, bo different that they have uo relation to each other. Tho cjmmou weil may be sought and obtained without any inference to commonwealth, and even > at a sacri- fice of the common wcalfti, Such distinctions, however, may be too iubtilo for some persons, though they are fundamental when properly understood. Tiio objection to the term "Commonwealth" is, that it does not express what is proposed to be formed. England waa a Co.-nmonw oalth in the days of Cromwell, because the State was one, a unit, in which there was 'no distinc- tion bo far as one part went against another. The Commonwealth of England is a term Juspd by ShttkoBpearj to express the unity of ¡the country, winch ha regarded as one, and lipome «of nlwaya jftTthis relation-as ad ^tirWng of no partsA'^But, the Federation to bé^fôriiicd ia not a\Cçmrnonwoalth~at aU ,1110 Unjon is Jjased ' ou the essential jadmission **thati tho' "parts ojly' 'give a portion of their' wealth'and power to tho central UojJy, urjd retain a great .deal;for themselves, which the central ¡body' baB no right to'touch/ How can suchet «Union be a Commonwealth? JYhere do we Bud such a Union so called? Certainly''not'in any pirt of America, whether North or /South, where there ure miveral Uuions, all of which, however, pi/scr\pa distinctive name, and not one calla itself a Commonwealth. Tho plain fact is, tlmtjbeyond disputo the numo 'does* n^tf* ^xprcaa' what is meant, and is, therefore, bad. It is, in fact, an abuse of terina, palpable ito all, who consider the subject carefully,! The " mi8sln¿ liik " w-ilL lio considered in the Assembly» tais uftfjpapos, when Mi. Feulou will movo tho House into committee of the u hole to further consider his motion 'for £200,000 to construct a railway from Ulvcratono to WynyacóVoñ the North- Wc8t Coast. ' After the decisions on other /pro posed railway votes thoo, members may be inclined to loojRcoldly on thia proposal, but ,we think that, Wpart at loaat, it is worthy of serious con-idoration, and should be made an exception to tho gcnerul rulo laid down. Parliament has" authorised a syndi- cate to construct a railway fronrMrVaratah to Zeehan, and the lias is to be finished in two and a half yeara. ¿From what we hear of the ayndicate they,are likely to carry out the work, and we feel certain whin tim rail- way ia running from Strahan to Emu Bay it jwill be a aad disappointment to the people bf the colony that they have not complete communication by ¡nur between the Weat Coast and Hobart,jslmply because of an l8 mile gap between Ulverstone and Emu Bay. Thia will be the " mlaalng link," and al the plans and specifications are all ready, we think it will bel wile to allow this work to p'roceed simultaneously with the construction1 ' of the Waratah Zechanline. Thia ¡sectiou of the Western Railway should not bo looked upon as an oxtcnaion.iao much a» a necessary connec- tion of au important system. Mr. Fenton'a proposal Joj can y tho railway from Emu Ray to Wypy ird means au extension, and this secticny>vhould bo made to wait and tako ita chanco'with other necessary lines under the next public works scheme, but to com- pleto the railway Bystom from the West Coast to Hobart iu tho least possible time, the line fioin Ulverstone to E nu Bay should be constructed at pnce. Mu Hakt.soh. passed rather a reflection ou | the mombcia of the* recont Federation Con f> - I - < \- .' Vjntion last evening, n hen he accused them of not giving full Information as to'the coat to Tasmania of joining the confederation. H« wanted to know precisely what the cost would be. It would .take rather a dev cr ghost to tell us that. In the first place no two commercial representatives will reckon alike as to what-trie probable loss through Customs arrangements may be, and if they did so reckon, the chances are they would bo all vviong because it is quite likely the ' much talkod-of i loss will ho a gain, owing to the vast expan- sion of trade, commotce, and, industry, on the establishment of uuifnrm tariffs and the inauguration of Intercolonial freetrnde. The federation of the whole Australian , people, and their elevation into the position | of a nation, should bo considered from a higher platform than that of tho mere cost. Déficient Postacik. - It seems almost useless to attempt to hammer^ into per- sistently obtuso minds the few simple rules regulating the postuge of letters. It would almost seem that, for the sake of caving an occasional copper, people stoop to very mean devices. A couutry coi respondent complaius that " business people in tonn, when sending out ¿ccounts.jest tip each end of the en vi lope and then v/ii'.e 'account only,' ond stamp with Id., and when the letter gets delivered thero is a fino of 2d. to piy." The exasperated victim, as a matter of course, throwB such a missivo aside, and the too economic tradesman waits and wonders why a remittance is not immedi- ately forthcoming. The Totalisator.-The following is the text of tho petition "recently presented to tlio Legislative Council :-"The humblo getition of the undersigned citizens of [obart, and others intoicstcd in horse racing in'this colony, respectfully showeth : That a short bill recently introduced in your honourable Houso ' to amend the Lotteries Act of 1878,' intouded, under certain con- ditions, to legalise ' the instrument known as tlie totalisator,' to be used on'y on public racccnurses and regatta grounds, and limiting tho number of such instruments to ono to bj usid iu the said piucos. That your petitioners, the great in ijority of whom ure frequenters at the public races ut Elwick, fiuii that ono totulisator Is quits inudequato thoro for the purposes designed, and consequently', compels many of the visitors to rcsoit'to tho less satUfuctory operations of the bookmakers. 'That your petitioners abo find 'that many of the citizens and others who favour horso-rocing, but who, from various causes, do not and cannot attend the meetings, yet nevertheless help to support them, und undoubtedly would avail themselves of the ackn iwledgcd fairlies! of tho totalizator if permitted to he used within their rcoch ; especially would it tend ti influence «nany of those to confiuo their operations within this colony" w ho ai o now sending away considerab'e sums to be invested in sporting affairs in tho neighbour- ing colonies. ' Your petitioners, therefore, Irespeètfully pray that your honourable ¡House, in dealing with the bill in question, I will, in your wisdom, render it lawful to use imore than one totalisator at the principal 'race mretings in the colony ; and also render it lawful for anyone of good repute, being the owner or occupier of suitable pi émises in the cities of Hobart and Launceston, to use the totalisator, subject to the approval of tho At'orney-Gcneral of the colony, and to such limitations and conditions as may bo 'in the matter considered advisable, including licensing, if deemed expedient. Here follow ¡1,007 signatures." ! bTATK School Reading Books.-State school te «chora will bo interested in heating that tlie Education Department contemplates i making an early change from the reading books at present in u?o in the schools. Ihe desirableness of having Buch a chango was brought-up a': a recent meeting of the State School Teachers' Association, and the chair 'man, Mr. O. Heritago, has since received tho following communication :-" In refer- ence to the question of the introduction of a more suitable series of reading books I am to inform you Mia*, the publication of the now series of Australian Readers for use in this and the neighbouring colonies has been retarded by th > deloy in obtaining, from England, tho blocks required for illustrating! one of the primers, but that the earlier books of tho scries ara expected to be pub- lished by the end of the year. When the new series is published the use of the Royal (Readers will b: discontinued in the Victorian jschools, und it is not intended to introduce "Them hore.-btrttwrnc-altermaivo books may «possibly be introdused- lifter'a time." The Kadbit Act.-Columna upon columns of correspoudenco we havo published in reference to the Rabbits' Destruction Act. Our correspondents have displayed ' much intelligence, und muda many excellent sug- gestions. A legal correspondent writes : I" It is rein irkabie, however, that tho dis- cussion baa not boroo on the absolute in 'justice liable to be caused to a successful litigant under tile Act. The matter was fully repotted in The Mercury of August 17, 1880\. T,wo especially glaring omis-ious in tho Rabbits' Destruction Act, 1888, were illustrated. The oHe showed that a tenant bud the powor to lay a claim against his landlord for contributions towards tho ex- pense of destroying rabbits, not alone in the district where the land might be situate, but in any part of Tas- mania. The other showed that i#ithor 'the complainant nor the defondaut, whether wholly or partially Buocessful, could be al- lowed legal costs such as aro granted in ordinary police office proceedings. Parti- culars were given of a coso hea-d at tho Oatlands Police Court on 12c.li August, 1880, wherein a claim was mudo by a tenant for £131 2s. 3d. No loss than £113 5s. Id. we» disallowed, and the amount awarded only £17 17s. 2d. It was also pohlted out 'that a landlord had not tho privilege of pay inq money into court in satisfaction of an oxoi bitaut demand,; and then havo the matter adjudicated uppn. The present Act, the Rabbits' Destruction Act, 1880, 53 Vio-i toiia No. 42, repealed the previous Aut, but does not remody the serious defeats alluded to," , * i ' i . i ! Supreme Comer ~A Civil Sitting, ót l tho Supreme Court, before the third term,-, will bs he'd on, Tuesday, next, in tho' Court House, Macqji irio'stçect, before, Sir Lam ¡bert Dobson,.Chief Justice. The following its the cuuse list ; - Glascolt v. Evans, breach of tontract, £500 ; Perk ¡ps and Diar for plaintiff j Butler, Mcintyre, and Butler for defendant. Dobson and i others ' ti. Gellie, libel, £1,000 ; P. Tyson for plaintiffs; |W. F. Stephens for defeudsnt. jBurns v. Ceo. Crisp.-mouby payabltV,~£G00 ¡»Dobson, Mitchell and ^Allport foi plaiutiif ; Crisp and-Crisp1" fir ''defendant. " "Miles v. West, bioach of contract, £150.; JBobson,i Mitchell, and Allport for plaintiff; Clark aod Simmons» for defindint. (., Shells v. Petorspn,' breach of contract, £100 ; Walch and Butler, for plaintiff; Perking and Deir for defendant. Bayley and Anr.¡ v. Mull,' money" payable,' £500 ; (Dobson,, Mitchell, und Allport for plaintiff; Mr. C.S. Cansdell for defendant. Miles ». Lamb, conversion, £300 ; Dobson, Mitchell, and Allport for plaintiff ; J. P. , Voung, for. defendant. ' ' ' ' , ' ' Mayor's Court.-Thero wero no coses' set down for hearing at this Court yesterday. Cirv' Police Court.-At the City Police Court yesterday Norman V. Hansou, charged with forging and uttering a valueless cheque for £8 10s., purporting to be drawn by W, T. Jackson, was remanded till Tuesday next ; aud Herbert li lilhascho was re- manded till next day, charged with the larceny of a waterproof coat, tho property of J. T. Cook. Mr. T. M. Fisher, J.P., occupied the bench. ' Clarence Police Court. - Thomas Jeffries, a labourer, waa oharged at the Clarina Police Court yesterday with burying the body of a child in a pluto other than a publio, cemetery, to wit, in a private garden, thereby committing a breach of the 27th section of the Burial« Act. Superintendent Morrisby stated that he was of opinion the defendant, who pleaded Siilty, had acted in ignorance of the law. e did not press for a heavy penalty. The Bench (consisting of Messrs. H. Lamb, C. H. Wise, and P. J. Sinclair) fined the de .fc'lunt Is., with costs reu.itted, the Chair- man remarking that defendant had rendered himself liable to a fine of £5, but taking into account his poverty and ignorance of the law they had decided to inflict the nominal penalty. ST. JOHN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION.-The first aid class will be held on Monday next, at 4 o'clock, at the Town Hall, and each week afterwards at 4 o'clock on Tuesdays. The fee for each course is 7s 6d., and the hon. secretary is Miss Snowden, of Stanwell Hall, Melville-street. The nursing class will be held at 8 o'clock each Tuesday, com- mencing on the 8th inst., and the fee is 10s. 6d. the course, the hon. secretary being Miss Chapman, of Sunnyside, New Town. A Piti'ali..-P. destrians will need to exercise moro than oidiuaiy cale when using tho footpath opposite Grand View terruco, Hattoiy Point, where a small ditch crows the fail nay, which is filled viith mud und water. Thero is no lamp within soino dist ince, und tho unwary tiavcller ruua the lisk of u broken uuklejor being bespattered with mud. FIRE BRIGADE BOARD.—At the meeting of this Board held yesterday, Messrs. C. S. Maxwell (chairman), J. Roberts, H. T. Solly, and T. A. Reynolds were present. The secretary (Mr. T. M. Evans) reported that he had received a copy of the rules of the Adelaide Brigade, and the conditions under which the men were enrolled. He was in- structed to acknowledge its receipt with thanks. Mr. Solly suggested that in future applicants for position in the Fire Brigade should obtain medical certificates as to health, etc., but discussion on this point was allowed to stand over for a full Board. Mr. F. H. Wise wrote in reply to a letter from the Board claiming expenses for extinguish- ing the fire on the steamer Monarch, to the effect that the Brigade had not put out the fire. The letter was referred to the Superin- tendent for report. Accounts amounting to £25 3s. 4d. passed for payment, and the meeting closed. A letter was read from the Phœnix Fireworks Co., suggesting that the Brigade should have a display of fireworks during the summer, but the suggestion was not entertained. The Deputy-Commissioner of Crown Lands wrote, intimating that a proclamation would be inserted in the Gazette, reserving the land in Argyle- street, near Melville-stret (old lumber yard), for the use of the Fire Brigade Board, and that a 99 years' lease would be prepared. This was accepted as satisfactory Benevolent Sociktv.-The uaual weekly meeting of tina Society waa held yesterday afternoon. Panent- MoBsrs. J. E. Salior (in the chair), Kerr, G. S. Crouch, and Seabrook. Tie Registra!'a report showed that 31 families, comprising 98 persona, had been relieved during tho weok. A donutiou of £2 9j. Gil waa received from the Hobart Aliustrel Troupe, and 10s. from nn unknown donor, through the secretary, Mr. Seabrook. It waa resolved that tho Kov. J. W. Sim- mons, and Mesara. Crouoh and Bally repre- sent tho Society at the second Cunftmioj to bo held in Melbourne in Novtmbrr next, and alto that the Secretary writo to the several charitable st o etits of this city, asking them to supply any possiblo infor- mation suitable fur the Conference. Tuis concluded the business. Royal Sociktv or Tasmania. - Tho monthly evening meeting of tho Royal Society will be held on Tuesday instead of Monday evening. Tho papers to bo read should prove very interesting, the one by Mr. Montague Jones, CK., dealing as it does with such an important subject i aa "Eloctiio Truotion," and aomo valuable suggestions will probably be niado respect- j ing the proposul ti um tystcm in tin fed to be introduced in tiio city. Spuci ii dingranis httvebecnprepjred, and tlicsohaveb.en photo- graphed fur slides to buuacd with a powerful lautui n to illustrate Mr. Jones' paper. The Super by Mr. R. M. John-ton, *. On the bservationu on tho Pausen of .Elevation aud Subsidence of tho Earth's Crust," deals with a very important subject. 'Members are requested to noto the chango of evening from Monday to Tuesaay. " Bridget O'Brien, Esquire."- Ono of tho most noticeable feitures of Mr. Slur i 'dun's Melbourne season with Bridget O'Brien, Enquire, was the excellent lind fashionable dress circlo attei dano:. During a six week»' season at the Theatre Royal ilia Excellency the Eari of Hopetoun witnessed thu perform- ance of this comedy twice, und while in Adeluido Bridget O'Brien, Esquire, on moro than one occasion bud visits 'from Govern- ment House parlies headed by the Earl and Countcsa of Kintore. These distinguished visitors cxpreaaed themselves «a highly pleased with the genuine aud thorough character of the entire presentation. If any opinion may bo formed from the magnificent frames of photographs on exhibition in the town just now, Bridget O'Brien, Esquire, is not only un intensely funny poraonuge, but1 an exceedingly dressy mid well- attired party.' Tho photograph* are by Fulk, of Sydney, and aie perliups the largest und finest ever shown in Hobart. Tho plan for the opeuing performance is filling up rapidly, and M r. Sheridan can feel assured of a crowded house. Mr. J A. Robeitson, the popular musical director, ami a composer of some repute, lins au excellent orchestra under his control, which will be augmented locally ' Mr. Robertson lately composed a romance for the aboc, which met with much favour- able criticism in tho Melbourne papers. So much attention did it attract that by special request Mr. Robertson conducted it per- sonally'at on« of the concerts givou by tho Victorian Orchestra in the Melbourne Town Hall, on which occabion it was received with great enthusiasm. Mr. Robertson is rospon i-iblo for much of themuaic inBridgel O'Brien, Esquire, tho ballet music fiom his pen,in' this production being especially fine. '' The Mirror of the World.-This cn: tcrtainmont «Inch achieved'so much suc- cess in Hobart, and in the North, will visit New Norfolk aud give exhibitions this ovoniug and to morrow evening, thora being two distinct programmes announced. The descriptive leotui-ts will bo given by Mr. H. .Stoneham and Mr. Harry Douglas will sing some of his best songa,!thus adding to t)uOittractivcne;s of tho tnteituinmcnc. Chalmers Litkrakv Association.-The' ordinal y weekly meeting waa held last even jinc. M& Jus. Longmore presided. \ The ¡debate o\ the {' Siuglo Tax Question " was lintioduced Jo the affirmative by 'Mr; R. 'Wirtli, .auiMreplicd to in the negative by ¡Mr. 0. .Kalbfell. Discussion by the mem- bers foUpwed, aud lasted the remainder of the meeting, resulting in a good deal of information being gained on this taxation 'policy. . Next week "Shakespearian Read- ings wiH bo givoa by members, which should prove in creating. On Tuesday tim .society will meet tho New Town Impiovo nient Association in a joint debate at the ¡Templars' Hall, Now Town. j Sporting.-Tho Argus of tho 2nd inst. snyà:-"ïlure is very little Imsiuess doing in tho betting markets at present. For tho rV,R..C. Dorby Stromboli rotuina lils posi- tion of favourite, 4 to 1 being ,the best offer, pxidetaa strong second favourite at Cito j 1 tak'en and offered, while 7 to 1 is offered against Penanco aud from.10 to,l to 20 to 1 agoiristaiiy'^others. For tho Melbourne Cup Vengeance is now favourite at 1,000 to ¡BO Offered,'1,000 to 70 being asked for, and 'next in demand aro 'Megjp'.ono, Malvolio, and Molos ot'1,000 to60 offered, while 1,000 to 50 would'be accepted About Calbine jtOO to 15 ' is still offered, while 100 to i is offpred against Paris und Tirailleur. Tbero la nothing doing on tim Caulfiold Cup. On the double, Dei by and Cup, doubles con- tinue tp be booked.ut fiom 1,000 too to '1,000 to 20.^' . _ | Southern . Tasmania* 'Artillery.-By advertisement it ia' intimated . that elna» firing at (iOOyds. takes placo on Saturday, at 2.30 p in., ¡immunit'ion'to bo sfervtd out this evening, aud on Monday nevt the Commandant inspects the corps. On this oc- casion every man ia requested to bo p'rcBent. j Girls' Industrial School-A'mr-ifing of donors i and subscribers to thia school Avili bo held at >tho school, Military liai racks, this afternoon, at 3 o'clook, ! MlSBlNrt-Charles Walker, aged 23, has not been heard of for the'last few days. Ko is by occupation a craf tañían, t ¿'no following ¡a Walker's >desoiiplion':-Short, inidium build, fair complexion ,aud, .light hair, has lost the sight'of ono' eye. ,' He _ wore ¡ a blue pcak'cap'ond dark tweed clothe'»* . , , . j Cheap Sale op _Mdbio. - Mesara. J. [Walch and Sons announce in our advertising columns that, their annual cheap ' salo of music commences this day. Soino thou- sands of pieces-songs, dancos, und piano- forte pieces-aro ull offered at fid, each. Laconic Cluis.-There ia a club in Ade laide with thia suggestive title. > The members temporing tho labour of debato with discreet conviviality discuss public mattera to their own satisfaction. Ver- bosity is tabooed, and a auggeative club name ia given each member. Tho Jiegùlei of recent date notes that the Laconic Club took opportunity to bid farewoll'to Mc M. H. Jacoby (club name, Vino), who has been for some time îpanager of the Yalumba Vineyard WholeBile Department in Ade- laide/ The Preaident of the club (Mr. Brevity) nude a terse speech, in which lie referred to the Intelligent part Mr. Vino had always taken in the discussions of the club, and on behalf of the membersi presented him with a handsome silver- mounted pipe with a suitable inscription. Messrs. Sartor, Boomerang, Quibblcr, and other members endorsed the chairman's remarks, and Mr. Vino, Who was made a, corresponding mem- ber of the Laconic Club, rosponded. The ceremony of "three whiffs" having been duly observed, the club resume! an ad- journed discussion upon capital punish- ment, carrying a'resolution in favour of the penalty being enforced in extreme cases. A new niembor (Otictax) was admitted with the usual formality, being sworn in upon the club tobacco1 jar, und tho pipo of pence being passed round in accordanco with the cus- tom. This soems an improvement upon certain debating societies, wherein members vio with each othor sa mere pluglesS word spouts. of purchasers of really good draught carriage and-saddle horses to tho talo this day by Koborta and Company Limited, at their new produce stores, Macquarie . stroet railway corner, which takes place at 2 o'clock. autii-iitL or Uuxlkj» l.arAti*»s. - Ask let Konnody"« Star JJrand Starch Glosa, the latnidro« trno triona, givoa hourly gio» and beautiful (talah te all alurcliod fabric«; rank« old Unan'look new. 1'niVoUi, M.; box», fid. Grocon, CbualitaQiB. lllucruudra..AüeuU Kobalt, ,,. I 