THE NOVELIST. ^T0e World's Desire. H, EiDBB HAGOABD AND, ANDKKW LANG.) Stimm vero immortalem fuisse indwat tempus. SEBVIUS. -SÎNEID II., 501. BOOK II. . CHAPTER VII.-(CONTINUED.) , « i sang," she. answered, "yes, as the Gods put it in my heart so I sang-for in deed it seemed to me that one came who was my love of old, and whom alone I must )0Ve alone for ever. But thou wast not in my¿eart, thou: false Paris! Nay, I will tell thee, and with the name will scare thee back to Hell. He was in my heart whom once as a maid I saw driving in his chariot through the ford of Eurotas while I bore water from the well. He was in my heart whom once I saw in Troy, when he crept thither clad in a beggar's guise. ^ Ay, Paris, I will name him by his name*, for though he is long dead, yet him alone me thinks I loved from the very first, and him alone I shall love till my deathlessness is done-Odysseus, son of Laertes, Odysseus o£ Ithaca, he was named among men, and Odysseus was in my heart as I sang, and in my heart he shall ever be, though ' the Gods in their wrath have given me to others, to my shame, and against my Trill." Now when tha "Wanderer heard her speak, and heard his own name upon.her lips, and knew that the Golden Helen loved him alone, it seemed to him as though his heart would burst his harness. Ko word could he find in his heart to apeak, but he raised the vizor of his helm. She looked-she saw and knew him for Odysseus-even Odysseus of Ithaca, Then ia turn she hid her eyes with her hands, and speaking through them said , " Oh, Paris ! ever was, thou false ; but, ghost or man, of. all thy shames this is the shamefullest. Thou hast taken the likeness of a hero dead, and thou hast heard me speak such words of him as Helen never spoke before. Fie on thee, Paris ! fie on thee ! who wouldst trick me into shame as once before thou didst trick me in the shape of Menelaus, who was my lord. Now I will call on Zeus to blast thee with his bolts. Nay, not on Zeus ?will I call, but <m Odysseus's self. Odysseus ! Odysseus I Come thou from the shades and smite this Paris, this trickster, who even in .death finds ways to mock thee." ' She ceased, and with eyes upturned and arms outstretched murmured, " Odysseus ! Odysseus ! Come." Slowly the Wanderer drew near to the glory of the Golden Helen-slowly, slowly lie came, till his dark eyes looked into her eyes of blue. Then at last he found' his Toice and spake "Helen! Argiye Helen!" he said, "I am no shadow come up from Hell to tor ment thee, and of Trojan Paris I know nothing. For I am Odysseus, Odysseus of Ithaca, a living man beneath the sunlight. Hither am I come to seek thee, hither I am come to win thee to my heart. For yonder in Ithaca Aphrodite visited me in a dream and bade me wauder out upon the Beas till at length I found thee, Helen, and saw the Red Star blaze upon thy breast. And I have wandered, and I have dared, and I have heard thy song, and rent the web of Fate, and I have Been the Star, and lo ! at last, atlast, I find thee. Well I saw thou knewest the arms of Paris, who was thy husband, and to try tliee I spoke with the voice of Paris, as of old thou didst feign the voices of our wives When we lay in the wooden horae within the walls of Troy. Thus I drew the sweet ness of thy love from thy secret breast, as the sun draw's out the sweetness of the flowers. But now I declare myself to be Odysseus, clad in the mail of Paris Odysseus come on this last journey to be % love and lord.» And he ceased. She trembled and looked at him doubt folly, but at last she spoke "Well do I remember," she said, " that when I washed the limbs of Odysseus, in the halls of Ilios, I marked a great white Bear beneath his knee. If indeed thou art Wysseus, and not a phantom from the gods, show me that great scar.". . . . . Then the Wanderer Bmiled, and, resting fstuckler against the pillar ôf the loom, J*6* off his golden greave, and there was . .?car that tte bdar dealfc witk 1x18 tusk a toy6 .Parna8sian km when Odysseus was " Look» lady he said, "is this the scar that once thy eyes looked ou in the halls of Troy ?" "Yea," she. said, "it is the very soar, and now I know that thou art no ghost and no lying shape, but Odysseus's self, come to be my love and lord," and she looked most sweetly in his eyes. Now the Wanderer wavered no more, but put out his arms to gather her to his heart. Now the Red Star was hidden on his breast, now the red drops dripped from thé Star upon his mail, and the face of her who is the World's Desiro grew soft in the shadow of his helm; while her eyes were melted to tears beneath his kiss. The Gods send all lovers like joy I Softly she sighed, softly drew back from his arms, and her lips were opened to speak when a change came over her face. The kind eyes were full of fear again, as she gazed where, through the window of the shrine of alabaster, the sunlight" feH in gold upon the ohapel floor. What »was that which flickered in ' the sunlight ? or waa it only the danoe of the motes in the beam ? There was no shadow cast in the sunshine j why did she, gaze as if she saw another watching this meeting of their loves P However it chanced, she mastered her fear 5 there was even a smile on her lips and mirth in her eyes as she turned and spoke again. "Odysseus, thou art indeed the cun ningest of men. Thou hast stolen my secret by thy craft ; who save thee would dream of oraft in suoh an hour 1 For when I thought thee Paris, and thy face was hidden by, thy.helm, I called on Odysseus in my terror, as a child cries to a mother. Methinks I have ever held him dear j always I have found him ready at need, though the Gods have willed that till this hour my. love .might..not be known, nay, not to my own heart; BO I called- on Odysseus, and those words were wrung from me to scare false Paris back to his own place. But the words that should have driven Paris down . to Hell drew Odysseus to my breast. And now it is done, and I will not go back upon my words, for we have kissed our kiss of troth, before"" the immortal Gods have we kissed, and those ghosts who guard the way to..,Helen, and whom thou alone couldst pass, as it was fated, are wit nesses to our oath. And now the ghosts, depart, for no more need they guard the beauty of Helen. It is given to thee to have and keep, and now is Helen once more a very woman, for at thy kiss the curse was broken. Ah, friend I since my lord died in pleasant Lacedeemon, what things have I seen and suffered by the Gods' decree. But two things I will tell thee, Odysseus, a»d thou shalt read them as thou mayest. Though never before in thy life-days did thy lips touch mino, yet I know that not now for the first time we kiss. And this I know also, for the Gods have set it iu my heart, that though our love shall be short, and little joy shall we have one of another, yet death shall not end it. For Odysseus, I am a daughter of the Gods, and though I sleep and forget that which has been in my sleep, and though my shape change as but now it seemed to change in the eyes of those ripe to die, yet I die not. And for thee, though thou art mortal, death shall be but as the short summer nights that mark ©ff day from day. For thou shalt live again, Odysseus, as thou hast lived before, and lifo by life we shall meet and love till the end is come." As the Wanderer listened he thought once more of that dream of Meriamun the Queen, which the Priest Rei had told him. But he said nothing of it to Helen. And about the Queen and her words tp him it seemed wisest not to speak. " It will be well to live, Lady, if life hy life I find thee for a love." "Life by life thou shalt, find me, Odys seus, in this shape or in that shalt 'thou find me-for beauty has many forms and love has many names-but thou shalt ever find me but to lose me again. I tell thee that as" but now thou wonnest the way through the ranks of those who watch me, the cloud lifted from my mind, and J re membered, and-I foresaw, and I knew why I, the loved of many, might never love in turn. I knew then, Odysseus, that I am but the instrument of the Gods, who usé me for their ends. And I knew that I. loved thee, and thee only, but with a love thatbegan before..the; birth-bed, and shall not be consumed by the funeral flame." " So be it, Lady," said the Wanderor, " for this I know, "that never have I loved woman or goddess as I. love thee, who art henceforth as the heart in my breast, that without whióh I may not liye.'| / \ : "Now, speak on," she said, "for suoh words as these are like music in my ears." " Ay, I will speak on. Short shall be our love, thou sayest, Lady, and my own heart tells me that it is born to be brief of days. I know that now I go on my last voyaging, and that death comes upon me I from the water, the swiftest death that may be. This then I would dare to ask : When shall we twain be one ? For if the hours of life be short, let us love while we may." Now Helen's golden hair fell before her eyes like the hride's veil, and she was silent for a time. Then she spoke " Not now, and not while I dwell in this holy place may'we be wed, Odysseus, for so should we ,call down upon us the hate of gods and men. Tell me, then, where thou dwellest in the city, and I will come to thee. Nay, it is not meet. Hearken, Odysseus. To-morrow, one hour before . the midnight, see that thou dost stand without the pylon gates of this temple ; then I will pass out to thee a? weill may, and thou shalt know me by the jewel, the starstone on my breast that shines through the darkness, and by .that alone, and lead me whither thou wilt. For then thou shalt be my lord, and-1 will be thy wife. And there after,' as the Gods show us, so we will go. For know, it is in my mind to fly this land of Khem, where month by month the Gods have made the.people die for me. So till then, farewell, Odysseus, my love, found after many days." .... " It ia well, Lady," answered the "Wan derer. " To-morrow night, I meet (.thee without the pylon gates. *' I also am minded to fly this land of witchcraft and of horror, but I may scarce, depart till Pharaoh return again,_. For he has gone down to battle and has left me *to guard his Palace." " Of that we will talk hereafter. Go now! -Go swiftly, for here wë may not talk more of earthly love," said the Golden Helen. ? . ?"" - . Then he took her hand and kissed it, and passed from before her glory, as a man amazed. .r. A But in his foolish wisdom he spoke no word to her. of Meriamun; the Queen; : : 