II CRIMSOI CROSS (By the Author of " Edith Liudsay.") CHAPTER XXXII.— WHAT TO DO next 7' - . CHAPTER XXXIII. — VICTOR GAL- BliAITH'S CHILD. CHAPTER XXXIV. -THE BAPTISM OF TEARS,: CHAPTER XXXV.— GERTRUDE BE- COMES AN HEIRESS. CHAPTER XXXV I. — THE SECOND . LOVER. CHAPTER XXXVII.— " WHEN HE COMES HOME." — „ CHAPTER XXX VIII. — HOMBURG. CHAPTER XXXIX.— COMING HOME. CHAPTER XL. - A QUIET DINNER PARTY AT HE ATHEP.DA LE. CHAPTER XLI.-" CAN YOU BLAME ME?" CHAPTER XL1I.— THE PROPHECY IS FULFILLED. CHAPTER XLIII. — THE CRIMSON CROSS.' ' - - CHAPTER XXVU.— Continued. -Tho druggist's assistant took his leave accordingly, and no sooner had his fo'otstops died away on the stairs than Gertrudo sat up in bed. " Give ine my dress, Miss Priscilla," she said.. " Quick ! before the dread ful faintuess eonios ovor me again. You are a woman, and -you have a woman's heart— you will help .me! Don't let her come near me," aitd she glanced distrustfully at Mrs. Alroyd. , "Well, if I ever !" cried that lady. " She is cross, and ugly; and old, and her skin crackles when she , moves like dry paper!" said Gertrude, shrinking away from the landlady ; "but you are more merciful. You will help mo I" "Help you to do what?" asked Miss Priscilla, moved by the . girl's voice of earnest entreaty. " Togo to him— my husband." " Pooi dear, lie down 'again," coaxed Priscilla. " You hain't got no husband— -you're a single woinan like me." :: - - "That is all you know about it," said - Gertrude, bitterly. "I have a husband, and a . wedding-ring, too, but I lost it— you kiiow when— wheii there was tliat, dreadful crash, and fall; and whcn4-oh, my head, my liodcl 1" And . she sank badk almost 'insen sible. -y /"There 1" saicVMrs. Alroyd j " siie;ll kill herself if you let her go on so. Didn't the doctor tell you to keep her quiet.?", " Well, ; what can u, ' body do ?" pleaded Miss Priscilla, " she's so inho-, cent aud soft-spoken like, you can't snub her -no mor'uyou could a baby." " Oh, pshaw !" said Mrs. Alroyd; j " she's as crazy as Bedlam, and you're high. as bad for listening- to her. I- tell you what, PriaSy, you'll have to bring your sewing up lierp and set." , " Well, I'll do . that," - said good - natured Priscilla.- "Poor creature, I i'eel very sorry for her." And so did Mrs; Alroyd; in spite of the depreciatory adjectives that poor Gertrude had bestowed on her. , " They're rnoro'n half true," thought Mrs. Alroyd, as she went down to her neglected breakfast-table, ; " and if they wiisn't; wliy, she ain't to be held responsible for all she says just how. I, won't lay it up . against her, any- way.";' - - Miss Priscilla expected u trouble- soine time of it with her patient, but Gertrudo seemed to have forgotten all about her anxious desire to go some where, when she resumed her seat at tho girl's bedside. 'She talked in cessantly,, sometimes comprehensibly, sometimes not, . but about people and things of whom Miss Priscilla had never heard, and towards evening she grow quieter. ' " How still she lies 1" thought the good- hearted dressmaker, as she leaned over to watch Gertrude's pale face, on which the gaslight flickered yellowlv. '" And silo don't hardly breathe ! She might slip out of ttie world at any minute now, and nobody be the wiser for it." The second, day Gertrude lay in a kind of stupor, disturbed by occasional burst of incoherent talk ; but the crisis once ovor, she began gradually to im prove. . Have I been very sick'!" she asked Priscilla, when sho had realised the position of affairs. "Well, I wouldn't like to be no worse," said that lady, nodding her head over an einory-bag, as she drew a rusty needle through and through it. " But I am better now " " Of course you are. Good heavens ! if you could only have heard yourself talk!" ' Gertrude glanced suddenly up, with apprehensive eyes. ' , " Did-. I talk much!" . "I guess you did," answered -Pris cilla. "About what!" "That's the queerest of all,'' said Miss Priscilla, laughing. "You was just wild to bo let got up, so you could go to your husband.'' "Tomy husband," Gertrudo breathed short and fast. " But that — that was because I was delirious." "Of course it was,'' assented her companion, "I know well enough thore wasn't no such person, and I told you so, but you stood out thore was, and that you had a wedding-ring once, but lost it.'' And Miss Priscilla threw back her head and laughed long and loud. Gert rudo tried to laugh with her — but there was little mirth in tho sound of her vrtioe. "However," said; .Miss , Prisdilla, yoii're .'d6iil|_vfdirfp'q8ljr:noVijon'.y6a- can go 'out ; to . MadS'rao . Clarice's again in Jthrde days, if. you're careful, the dqctoiusays.'' " Not before three?- oh 1" cried Ger trude, half starting, out : of lier position; of repose. " I , must, , I must r ; You don't know how. niucli depends On it." >-"; ; ; . " " Now don't' worry / said Miss Priscilla, soothingly. " Thoyi're getting along nicely without yotL / I saw Mrs; Manu day before yestorday, I add she's sorry you'ro ill, Mt' hopes'; fybu'll lio better soon."- " ' . ; : "But " Gertrude's voice. brqko down. "Now you're cryin' again— dear, dear, that ain't the -Way to get well. Keep quiet and don't fret, Why; you couldn't walk across. tho floor without gettin' all of -a. tremble, and you 'ire white as a ghost. You won't gain nothin' by hurryiu' matters." . / And Gertrude was obliged to con cede to herself that there was niucli good sense in what Miss Pris cilla said. - She must Wait -yet the three days— would thbre be/ no end to these sickening delays V Soine: times she felt as if she must soo Yictor, at whatever risks, and cast the burden of her foars, her trials, .and her solitude, on tho heart whibli was bound to sustain and cherish her. "Miss Priscilla," sho said, in one of theso fits of wild yearning, ' " would you please get toe a bit of paper, aitd a pencil, and an envelope ? I want, to write a note." / Miss Priscilla brought the various articles, together with a damaged atlas, to servo by way of a writing desk — but Gertrude, after sitting some time with the paper before her, laid it quibtly on the bod, .closing her weary eyes. '. " Why, you ain't writ, nothiri','' said Miss Pj-iscilla, craning her long neck to see" the spotless sheet/of paper. " No," said Gertrude, quietly. "I have clianged my mind."' " I never was no groat letter writer myself,", said Miss Priscilla, /sympa thetically— and Mrs. Alroyd, coming up at that moment with a bowl of beef tea, the question of correspondence Was dropped. Gertrude ate and drault, equally without, appetite,, or remonstrance, whatever; was set before her, and, thanks to Mrs/ Alroycl's nutritious con coctions of chicken tea, beef broth, and nourishing tit-bits,' her strength re turned -to her rapidly— Jit least a suf ficiency;. of strength to warrant .her going out once thore. On the fourth day— a breezy morning, with white clouds chasing each other over the blue concave of the sky, she . dressed herself slowly, and" not without many pauses. .. " Are you sure you're strong'euough to . venture -on, /the walk ?!' said; Miss Priscilla. Quite sure," Gertrude replied. / " Let' mo.go >yith ypu?" ; :;-.-B.at:£|ertirude/ideolined''tliisofif<w,'and.- set bfavoly forth by herself. . \- chafter xxxi. T1IE SOUND ; OF WEDDING DELLS. /' What a glorious winter morning it was Even Gertrude, weak in body and dispirited in mind, could feel its invigorating influences as she walked slowly: along. There -was., a firmly- packed body of snow in tho middle of the street, although every vestige of it had long been, removed from the pave ments, ancl merry bells went jingling by, while fringes of glittering icicles hung from iron balcony rails and stately eavos. The cold, glittering sunshine seemed to brighten every thing up, although it was scarcely warmer than' the .reflection 'of an Arctic iceberg; and the fresh wind, high charged ivith oxygen, swopt by with, a touch of saline vigor in its breath. . " Am I far from Lbwndes- squa'ro.?'' asked Gertrude, timidly, of a giant polieeihap, who, with his bands. in his pockets,, was seemingly intent 1 on watching the stroain of wheeled and uncovered 'vehicles sweep by towards the Park. "Half-a-dozon streets furder on, "said the policeman, without looking round. Half-a-dozen streets! Gertrude's heart sank, aud her over-woaried muscles almost refused to support her. She could not ride, for she had ; hot taken the precaution to carry ariy money with her, and with slow, un even steps she passed onward, almost wishing that -she had accepted Miss Priscilla's offer of companionship. Just at that moment the bony arm of the spinster to lean upon would h'uvo been an indescribable comfort. But she consoled herself with tho reflection that sho should soon .be thore, and toiled on up the broad, brilliant thoroughfare, which was all alive with people. lu .lior unsophisti cated innocence Gertrudo wondered if it were not some gala day ; but no one noticed her, and she was grateful for this obscurity. , A street -or so further oh she came to a church — a stutely mass of granite, with , its turretod spire . seeming jjto point' upwards into the dazzling bluo, into whose Svidci-open portals people were hurrying, , while . the street /iii front wtis nearly 'blocked up by car riages, which extended round the corner in an unbroken line. , . Sho looked longingly under - the avchccl doors, with a yearning for some place to rest, and .the sick giddiness which crept with alternate flju'sh' and thrill through her frame decided the matter. (TO it'li CONTINUED.) 