A SCIENTIFIC GHOST. *‘I am positive I have a soul; nor can all the books with which materialists have ( pestered the world ever convince me of the j contrary.” When he wrote these words, ] Sterne little dreamt that before the lapse of j two centuries the existence of the soul i would be placed beyond the reach of j materialistic attack bv the astounding dis covery that the soul has a visible entity of its own, and that, by means of an ingenious apparatus it may be perceived as it leaves the body at the moment of death. Such, however, is the remarkable result which has rewarded the labors of an “ acute French scientist," ns conveyed to what we fear may prove a somewhat incredulous world by Mr John Ainsworth, of Blackpool. The method of tills discovery consistsfwe quote Mr Ains worth’s description) of “an optical instru ment whereby spirits, or ghost?, or astral bodies can be plainly seen to leave the body at the time of death.” The apparatus, it appears, is taken into the room and so adjusted as to secure the most perfect light and magnifying power in the chamber of the dying person. What follows when the, literally, “psychical moment” arrives may best be given in the translated report of the “ acute French scientist,” He says:—“ A sudden trembling shaking the whole body announced that the supreme moment had come. With one of my friends, who was assisting me, we placed our heads under the dark covering of the apparatus, and kept our eyes steadfastly fixed on the object glass. The particles of dust in the air were magnified many thousands of times, and for a moment their violent movement produced a cloud in front of the glass. Then a delicate column of violet vapor, condensed into a flocculcnt mass, was clearly seen above and around the body. Particles appeared £o pursue one another as if obedient to some kind of central attraction. The cTond condensed more and more, and took the vaporous form of a man, then rapidly became purified until it was as colorless as the most perfect crystal. At tins time there are around us a feeling of terrible stillness—a calm that was? almost agonizing. An indescribable sensation held as to the instrument, while our hearts seemed to cense pulsating. We kept our eyes fixed on I he glass. Particle after particle grouped themselves together bo as to reproduce the exact form of the man we knew so well. The form floated at about a foot above the body, to which it was dis united by a delicate cord. The face was undoubtedly the face of the man, but much finer and calmer. The eyes were closed and the Astral shape seemed to be asleep. By a double impulse we, both of us, experienced the desire that the form should awake At that very moment the bond which joined it to the body broke away. A slight trembling passed over this beautiful, perfectly modelled form, a violent flame shone where the heart should be. It stood up and gave a sorrowing look at the abandoned body,extending the right hand with a gesture' of adieu, then vanished, condensing into a 8mall sphere which disappeared in the dawn of the everlasting to morrow.** Mr Ainsworth, by way of support to this mysterious and, to most people, piobably in credible story, quotes several instances of similar appearances thathave been perceived, or have been said to be perceived, by persona possessing the clairvoyant faculty, ; and the conclusion he draws from them is « that“ what we call spirit may yet be scien- j tifically demonstrated to be matter in one of its most refined or ethercilised forms of exis- j tence." He admits, as indeed be must, that we are as yet “only on the fringe of this profound and mysterious subject,” but un fortunately, he affords no hint as to how we are to proceed any further. He does not even favour us with the name of “ the acute ^ French scientist,” a description of the optical , instrument, the locality where this wondrous spirit-vision took place, or, indeed, anything | by which ht3 statements can be “ fixed.” It € Is matter of tradition that the lower animals J excel the human race In their power of per- 4 ceiving immaterial entities. Pigs can sec the wind, and dogs, it is well known, can perceive ghosts long before the less subtle Benses of mortals give warning of their proximity. The notorious Joe Smith, of Nauvoo, the inventor of the Mormon impos ture, professed to have read the mysterious gold plates upon which the Book of Mormon was engraved, by the aid of the Uhim and Thummitn. which he aupposed to be a pair of spectacles. But then ho had an angel for an optician. We must plead guilty to a considerable amount of scepticism as to the alleged optical instrument by which ghosts can be seen to leave human bodies. The belief iu the existence of the soul is pretty well established by other than the concrete evidence of actual eyesight. As Browning happily expresses it— Ages past the soul? existed, Hero an age ’tis resting merely, And hence fleets again for ages. But, pace Mr Ainsworth, we are still uncon vinced that its flitting can be detected ny the acutest, or. as we should prefer to write it, ’cutest of French scientists. To tub Editor ok the Daily Pont. Sir,—On Saturday you favored your readera With a leading article on “ an optical instru ment whereby spirits or ghosts can be plain ly seen to leave the body at the time of death,’ and which Mr Ainsworth describes to a Blackpool paper as :—“The following records are not the reflections of an excited imagination, nor the rambliuga of a mere visionary; but the statements of a keen fljienti3t based npon the mathemefcical pre cision of a philosophical instrument carefully constructed for a certain purpose.” Now, if that is a true description, cer tainly the account as quoted by Mr Ains wortp is very far from being worthy of such J a description. " When the supreme moment had come, with one of my friends, who was assisting me, we placed our heads under the dark covering of the apparatus, and kept our eyes steadfastly fixed ou the object glass.^ The particles of dust in the air were magnified many thousand times; then a delicate column of violet vapor ... . took the form of the man we knew so well, 1 above the body.” J Now I ask the question—First, what kind of an apparatus would it be in which two persons could place their heads and see through at the same time ? A photo camera __ Would not magnify the particles of dust; a telescope or microscope ia only capable of one person at a time viewiug. The word “ many * is very indefinite. If we suppose seven instead, that would not be unreason able. It would then read thus “ The particles of dust iu the air were magnified seven thousand times." Diameters would be a more correct term. This clearly indi cates a microscope. Now, if the particles of dust were magnified, so also would the ghost, and if it was afi-foot man having afi-ffc spirit i magnified 7.000 diameter*, the ghost would appear to be 42,000 feet high, or 14,000 yards. There are 1,700 yards in a mile, so the ghost would be nearly eight miles high. AVill Mr Ainsworth oblige with a description of the magnifying apparatus that would show clearly an object so extended, to say nothine of the 14,000 yards of ghost, which 13 larger than my capability of comprehen Mr J. Ainsworth was, about seven years ago, secretary to the Liverpool Spiritualists, and I felt it my duty several times to go in Buch direct conflict to bis statements and conduct that I wonder he is not ashamed to fiign his name to any article he writes. Mr Ainsworth’s estimate of “ inathemetic pre cision ” is certainly of a shaky type, and he had better turn his attention to some other amusement than that which other people emile at him, particularly if they ask the opinion of yours, &c.;, T. C. Davies. 