tain Antonio GampoMo. w 11 Stand off, you blackguards !" shouted my and comrade. Lieutenant Jack Beau- cisir. h> ho and I, one lovely spring afternoon t ivyi. turninjr the corner of a street in a low carter of Valetta, close to the harbour, came ijom a knot of rascally, drunken Levantine 6 r -.rounding a well-dressed gentleman, v-ta was t.'- cor ting an extremely pretty yoong jt:r. Tfie cowards. though they may not have 5 the language of Jack's adjuration, Kiras i.aii a ?brcwd guess as to its import. As ty was accompanied by a threatening fcarn»: ration in the shape of an uplifted cane, tef fe:i ihmptly slunk off, and took refuge i;s 1 iw w:ne shop. vr. .» aiv companion and I accompanied the K:r .mr.tiein&n; to the foot of the adjacent fcnia I ' !1, the latter, who, though he y»rei - b an Italian by nationality, spoke EiAsh v- ;v ha-dly a trace of a foreign accent, Br: satisfaction that we had saved hefrvt: further annoyance. He introduced ; etc -.bi« fair cunpmion, stating that she was 0 tMauftrer f Sir Percival Andrews, a retired ' oSeer i t tic li--yal Navy, who was then on a jtiFtto son, who held a commission in a f tors<b- < f artillery. at the time lying in Malta, f The pair, it a> explained, had been seeing Sir \- hrival r-JV n a small sailing-vessel that was ted f i ( ' -? and that, while trying to reach t« Strai t Kealc, they had missed their way. At parti:. c the gentleman gave us bis card, on rlirh inscribed " SigT. Capitano Antonio CiEpoWho." "Ah." h» remarked, on ascertainingthat onr Wim«nt wss the gallant Cumbrian Fusiliers, 1 1 well !,! unlver your corps in the Crimea. I terei :u that campaign with the Sardinian way, c.i "> r < bmeral La Marmora." We wer„ , v, irmed to meet an old comrade in fcas.thn M on gin g to & different nationality d the aU<\- i .ir:ny. Therefore, on bidding adieu inherit: r Mini Miss Andrews, we gave the gotten;: a < ruial invitation to dine with us . K sur ines-i w.thtn Florian Barracks. Aco ri-. to appointment, Captain Campo- «lioturur : p. He was introduced to all the faiowg c.f < .r<. and almost immediately became tfitonti:. i 't-i lee being charmed with his k i"Cei.T- w<\- V' to interested beyond measure to til that l.« was mixed up with the great teteii.iry movement then in progress in toy. and wit;? a member of the famous Camorra . &tret; sr. - v. Also, he stated, he bad lately jte'M _fr, n< of those lively institutions, a i .nup .n, whither he had been oon- taw by ord._ r r.f that most estimable monarch, tecis II., thcrwise the notorious King Jtt, 1-th-.' gimny native land of our new ac- xutaiv?., - «:;b!irae events were rushing to .' bir it." Some years before, the 1 tstorical lr.-tT.-ra of Mr. "Gladstone to Lord £ .teieen L:»d flp'd to a white heat the in- Ration of :h« civilised world concerning the t w . n5tJV,,tnient the patriots immured Vr ?r,n of Naples. Therefore, with k fcj! iact' s,:,-h enormities fresh in their f r-'' a''! '\v rc of freedom in the universe I with sympathy and interest the f: h. at the time of my story, was v . die whole of that down-trodden it :it as «oon to hare the oon- bnaT011. t'n" establishment of a free and I>iiL . liiita. After a word of com K |L t:> 1 -if sentiment of patriotism from I '.ptain Campobello proudly re- k ' T ' 1 f&ln;:1laiaine' s l-">ve of freedom is inborn in onr I UaT I was brought up in Naples, i Iras a iU by parentage. My mother I w P®li family." I llxl lo was soon practically an 1 !!' ni ,t?r of our mess. As a matter H w:i8 invited to all our modest 1 r' 'takings, in the shape of picnics, balls, I et<<\- e became acquainted with Sir i ?W»3 Ali r' w10 was 4 jovial and 1 tij V- 'ir' T turned out that bis cousin was t Hrr ,'lro "" 'pn're — the neighbour of Sir 'lack's father. Sir f dip8 daughter, Mary, was a j law -irl. being unaffected, gracious, % n appareut to all observers 1 tbi ,i?u r imp,. hello was sorely smitten I n! Mary, however, gave H bljn f'n ; in fac:, without the anything approachiug I etn, f!i? s ni' d as anxious as pos- ii void the c -teicuu's company. wladjil Own. ihSTSS' feSd «uy ihonld imgry«» BiigH«h irontln bow1' bat looted dmdlaUy W ouMeqdantiy it was notioeahle thathe jontetingg, and though te oMeef!??.P |-Jak ®Jo,n»6d o one of the andwasheir S ®toto with a rent-roll of wven thousand a year. This time them was no ho&w; or hitch. Miss Andrews bludiingly In JJJSJSL was a somewhat mgenuous and unoonyentional maiden; she naan t moved much in society, and presumably was innooent of the art of dimimninfjn f0 k KfenA' indeed to her lover, she did not imitate to avow that sbe had been literally gone on her dashing J ack Beauchamp from the moment that she had heard him threaten the inebriated rowdies near Valetta harbour. Well, Jack was, of course, referred to papa, and the pleased and happy Sir Percival gave his consent subject to the view taken by Sir ftorry Beauchamp. When applied to On the interesting subject Sir Harry . replied by the hext mall, signifying his delighted approval. Therefore, almost directly afterwards, before Sir Percival and his daughter sailed in a P. and O. steamer for Southampton, it was arranged that Jack should return home on leave, when the nuptials would be celebrated early in the spring. While the preceding romantic matter was under process of negotiation, I sometimes saw Campobello, bjft the Corsican, though he was perfectly cognisant as to what was going on, evinced no sign of concern. One day, while Beauchamp and I were having lunch _ with an acquaintance. Major Cavalleri, of the Malta Fencibles, within a Valetta cafe, Cautain Campobello strolled in, and courteously responded to our salute. Major Cavalleri was not ac quainted with the Corsican, and I did not feel disposed to invite the latter to join us, as I suspected, naturally enough, that the feeling between him and Beauchamp might be rather strained. _ Campobello seated himself at a table con tiguous to ours, and a moment later was joined by a stranger in nautical attire, who, while giving his order to a waiter, showed by his accent that he was an American. Politely accosting his neighbour, Campobello questioned ihe Yankee respecting the condition of the dispute in the United States on the negro question, which was soon to result in the Southern secession, and the subsequent awful internecine strife. The sailor abruptly replied that he hated niggers, and was a strong anti- abolitionist. Campobello changed the subject, and spoke about the Crimean campaign. Then, to my utter annoyance and disgust, I could hear that the fellow was talking at Beauchamp in a disgracefully offensive and insulting fashion. Jack, I may mention, had greatly distin guished himself at lukcrman, but had oaught a bad attack of fewr towards the close of hos tilities, and had been sent to Scutari Hospital, whence he rejoined ns after the fall of Sebae- topoL" Campobello, raising his voice, continued to the American — " There will be trouble in your country, as well as there has been, and is likely to be, in mine. Therefore, whatever side of the contest a man may take, let him, at least, exhibit a little courage. I have great contempt for a fellow who calls himself a soldier who, when there are some bullets flying about, abirina bin duty on the pretence that he is ill, and leaves his comrades to do the dangerous work." Beauchamp, who was a rather hot-beaded youth, turned pale with fuxy, and paid no. attention to my whispered suggestion to treat the Corsican with oontempt. Campobello, peroeiving that the remarks had had the effect intended, spoke with a most aggravating sneer — "Yes, I mean you, Mr. Beauchamp. I accuse you of funking the trenches at Sebas- topol, and hiding yourself in a hospital bed. In that, and in other matters, you have shown yourself a coward and a sneak !" With an exclamation of rage Beauchamp row, and, rushing at Campobello, dashed his fist into the Corsi can's face. The proprietor of the eafe and several waiters surrounded, the combatants, and gave vent to a j perfect babel of remonstrances. The American, who was hold ing Beauchamp back, shouted to Campobello—1 "You confounded foreign dawning master, if I had known that you were jawing to me to lead up to insulting this gentleman, you'd had a smack from me first!" Captain Campobello, his eyes flashing fire, as he wiped the blood from his month with his handkerchief, hissed : " lieutenant Beauchamp, I am a Corsican, and of a r&oe; that never ioxgives nor forgets. You shall hear from me !" Beauchamp responded with a haughty in clination of the head. Then Campobello, who apparently had quite recovered his equanimity, lighted a cigar, and, waving me asmiting adieu, to which I did not respond, turned on his heel and walked leisurely off. The sailor, addressing Beauchamp, said ; " If that chap had oome out with his jaw in my city of New Orleans, Mr. Officer, I guess he'd been eligible for a wooden suit by this time, and lime go left in him to grumble at the fit, and then he became absorbed in the perusal or an old number of the London Timet that was lying on the table. . Major Cavalleri, who, by his mother's side, was English, and had been educated at Eton and Oxford, said to Beauchamp : "It's decidedly unfortunate. That fellow will send you a challenge. ' . " I daren't accept it» spoke Jack wrth a shrug of vexation. " The cdlonal'a exoecdmy strict on the subject of duelling, and Id be cashiered for a certainty if I did. o Well" said the major, impressively , " I mav toll you that these Coracans--I have met many of them- are first cousins of JBteetefcub himself respecting their inordinate thirst for revenge. Campobello will never forgive that fclnw even though in his more reasonable may oVttethewmthe wrong qinfta as I oui guess, there is a lady m the ?£Sio"te the aggressor for a eoemfio oSroose. If you can't fight, . Campobello will gfKer himself morally justified, by the cuatom of his tribe, in killing you. He will make it the principal business of his life, and, wat necessary, would move creation to Also, « possibly you wra heard, those Coreicans possess in their ialaod au interesting and lirely institution eJtad the vendetta, by which the signor caH®J if 3a be, could command the I er;Ws..y oU, and k,u in gating i ou to a bullet or a thrust wxtli a dagger. If Sat feUow- 1 should suggest j ttos£«V??£"<SaG8s Y totoerthinkhe will a oderate outlay, hire a tftheawarmsof rascals about to drive "d feUow !" twJSJrff8 f>.m Campobello duly arrived v a Butateni of the Malta r encibles. Beauch∓ referred him to Wld' M Uty boand»I BSd.srs1d,dSfaiio'u- ae fr No officer of mine shall ever fight a duel, if I can prevent it, even by force. Unless you m® your ord of honour that you will faS r? S!5f mooting with this Gap- tom Campobello,! shall order you to your room under close arrest, and place s sentry at your BeaulhaM' my tonour " st&ke; ! " pleaded +uT Youcan«end»n your paper and sell out: tiienyouUbe as free as air, and can please yourself. But while you hold the Queen's com mission ui the Cumbrian Fusiliers, under my command, I shall take every means in my .power to prevent your fighting a duel," spoke the commanding officer, with decision Beauchamp was a very ambitious soidier, who was desirous of promotion in the service. It was hard for his prospects to be blighted either by selling out or being cashiered over a trumpery matter such as tins quarrel with the Corsican. Having asked the colonel's permission to defer making any promise until he had seen me, Jack returned to my room, and narrated the Purport of his interview with the commanding officer. "Sell out, Jack!" I exclaimed. "Mon strous. Listen. Will you be guided by the opinion of the mess on the subject? I frhfnV you'd better." . 8fid Beauchamp, " I should cer- tainly like to hear what the fellows have got to say." i Returning to the Fencible officer, who was taking part in a game of billiards, I invited him to dine with us in the evening, and informed him that we should come to an arrangement afterwards. Then I requisitioned the services of an orderly of the guard, and soon had a full muster of the officers in thnness-room, with toe exception of the colonel. To them in detail I narrated Jack's position, and asked for an expression of opinion as to whether they con sidered that Lieutenant Beauchamp, as a map of honour, should sell out and meet the Corsi can, or whether it would detract from his reputation as a courageous soldier and a gentle man if he should refuse to fight, thus obeying the colonel's mandate. J 8 We Cambrian Fusilier officers were generally considered in the army to have a scrupulous veneration for esprit de corps , and I knew that Jack's good record would remain untainted when I heard an indignant and unanimous " No, certainly not !" "But who is this Captain Campobello?" exclaimed the surgeon, Dr. Roberts, testily. " Do any of you fellows know anything about him ? I think he has behaved like an atrocious cad, and therefore does not deserve satisfaction from a gentleman. He may become confounded foreign fiddler, for all we know." Nobody made any response, and Beauchamp, being called into the room, explained that Campobello had been introduced to Sir Per cival and Miss Andrews by young Andrews, the officer having made the acquaintance of the Corsican at the house of the Governor. In the evening, when I had an opportunity of speaking to Campobello's second, I asked : " Are yon intimately acquainted with Captain Campobello? Who are his family connections — or what?" The Fencible officer replied: ( " Absolutely nothing. I assumed he was a gentleman, because he was fraternising so much withyour fellows." " The man may be a confounded adventurer, for all we are aware," I muttered to myself. Then I narrated to Campobello's second par ticulars of the decision of the mess, of which, unofficially, he highly approved; also that the colonel had vetoed the meeting. Captain Campobello's response was the fol lowing note addressed to Beauchamp : — "Sir,— You are a coward. I shall employ other means. — Antonio Campobeixo. " J ack read the message with a contemptuous snort. Still he did not neglect Major Caval leri' s admonition, and never took his walks abroad alone. One night, however, Beauchamp, who was orderly officer, while taking the guards, had occasion to traverse a certain tract outside barracks. To his left, behind some boulders, he heard a rustle, followed by a flash and report. A bullet caught the peak of his shako, and knocked the head-dress off. Beauchamp, who habitually carried a Colt's revolver, hastily Sulled out that weapon, and fired twice in the irection of the flash. Then picking up his damaged war hat, and keeping a wary Look-out, he was returning to barracks, when he was met by a picquet at the double, which had been attracted by the firing. On reaching the barrack gate, Jack made in quiries, and ascertained that a person answering to the description of the Corsican had asked of the sentry if Lieutenant Beauchamp were within, and was informed thathe was on duty as orderly officer. C&mpobeUo;, if it were he who fired the shot, was well acquainted with barrack, routine, and knew that at some period during the evening the subaltern of the day would pass along the road alluded to. Beauchamp at onoe reported the outrage to the colonel, and that officer, in a terrible con- Atinn of excitement, vowed that he would treat the Corsican to the "vendetta" with a rope round his neck. Colonel Bolton called on the Governor of the island, and that functionary hsd a regular hne and cry instituted. But Campobello could, not be scented out. Soon it transpired that a more potent power Hmn revenge had oalled Captain Antonio away. The abortive and unsatisfactory peace of Villa - fxsnca had given a stimulus to revolutionary intrigue, and by oommand of the Camorra, Campobello had sailed for Italy, where his ser vices were wanted. A few weeks later it was reported that the captain had again fallen into the clutches of Bomba, and subsequently a rumour went over the island thathe had diedin prison. Jack Beauchamp could not conceal thathe had gqt a load removed from his mind. In due course he obtained leave, sailed for home, and married Mary Andrews. Soon afterwards the unexpected hut thrice welcome route came in for the Cumbrian Fusi lier to proceed to England. _ Consequently, when Jack rejoined, we were comfortably settled in the lively little garrison town of Mortarborough, on the coast of Dorset shire In the autumn Mrs. Beauchamp unfortu nately became rather poorly, and was ordered off to Madeira, whither she was accompanied by her father, . \ Things were as dull as possible in theregi- ment and we were only kept alive by the vagaries of two newly-joined young ensigns named Cooke and Sennett, who werealways up to seme prank or other. In the beginning of September, Garibaldi inarched into Naples, and King Bomba, wisely making himself scarce, withdrew to the fortress of Gaeto. Then, as everyone knows, the wretched political prisoners were released. In common with the whole population, the name of Garibaldi was almost continually in our I mouths. The accounts from Naples were at first somewhat meagre, but one afternoon, about the middle of October, we were fully enlightened regarding certain particulars by Cap tain Jones of ours, who received -a Neapolitan revolutionary paper, which had been sent by his brother, who was an artist studying in Italy. Jones, who posed as having a perfect know ledge of Italian, read — or rather translated as he read— an account of the opening of the dun geons, as well as a list of the freed patriots. " Great heavens ! " he ejaculated, when his eye lighted on a certain name. " Here's the fellow let out whom we all thought had gone to the other side of Jordan — the chap who was desirous of potting Beauchamp — you know- Captain Antonio Campobello !" Beauchamp, who was standing near, turned slightly pale, but, turning to me, whispered, with a-smile : " I fancy that it may place a damper on the captain's burning desire for revenge to come all thiB distance after me." I thought of Major Cavalleri's statement, and said nothing. " Post, sir," said the mess attendant, as he approached Beauchamp with a newspaper on a waiter. t It was the Sondleigh Gazelle , which was pub lished m a small town on the coast near his father's estate, forming a portion of a borough which Jack was assiduously " nursing" prior to standing for it at the succeeding general election. Haying removed tne wrapper, Beauchamp was immediately smiling at a tremendous on slaught made on his political views in a leading article. Suddenly his countenance actually blanched, and, calling me aside, he whispered hoarsely and excitedly : "Read that!" The. paragraph ran thus : " Exciting Scene. — The s.s. Mermaid, from Alexandria to London, which had called at Naples, ran ashore in a gale in S&ndleigh; Bay. There was no imminent danger to the lives of the passengers or crew, but one frightened individual of the latter class leaped overboard and tried to swim ashore. After a few strokes he appeared quite exhausted, and would in evitably have sunk had not a courageous coastguardsman, with a rope fastened round his waist, plunged into the boiling Burf, and at the risk of his life seized the drowning man, and swam with him ashore. The person, who was quite unconscious, had the appearance of a foreigner. He was conveyed to the town hospital, where restoratives were applied. A small sum of money was found in his posses sion; also visiting-cards and documents, on which were inscribed 4 Captain Antonio Campo bello.' The Mermaid was got off when the gale subsided, and proceeded on her voyage. Just before going to press, onr reporter oalled at the hospital, and ascertained that the rescued man had got completely round, and had been discharged." "He has lost no time," I said, with a shudder. "Look here!" hissed Jackwith set teeth, " I suppose I'm now in for a spell of suspense that will be fifty times worse "than the trenches at Sebastopol were. I did not care then, but I own life is of some value to me now, since I am married. If I clap eyes on that fellow, I'll shoot him. I'll kill him as I would a tiger or a snake ! I'm morally justified in doing it. I'm so thankful that my wife's away." I I Well, Jack, old chap," I said, "we must really take some precautions in this matter. The man must be insane. It will really be only ordinary prudence to give "it into the hands of the police. However, we'll discuss the affair after mess." Then I remembered we had promised to call at the quartermaster's rooms — to see his recently born baby. The cherub was duly exhibited and admired, and. of course, wc had to drink to its health and future prosperity. We chatted with the happy papa untu it was time to go to dress for mess. Suddenly there was a knock at the door, the quartermaster cried " Come in," and the ser geant of the guard entered. The man of stripes remarked : "Beg pardon, sir. but I've the colonel's order to toll you tha£ someone a few minutes ago fired a shot about the officers' quarters. He wishes you to have a close investigation . made to-morrow, air, and if anything's been damaged, to make a special report to him." "Mr. Oooke and Mr. Sennett again, do you think?" spoke the quartermaster, with a smile. "So the colonel seems to fancy, sir," answered the Bergeant. " Oh, if you please, Mr. Beauchamp, a gentleman called for you about a quarter of an hour ago. I sent an orderly to conduct him to your room, eir ; and if you weren't there, to the mess." "Thank you, sergeant," remarked Beau champ, carelessly ; then he mattered : " Some follow called ! I daresay that's young Try on, of the Engineers. He half promised to turn up to-night. I suppose it's highly unlikely that Signor Capitano Antonio Campobello will favour me with a personal call. Betides, he has hardly had time to get here yet." Beauchamp mid I hurried to our quarters, in order to make the required change in onr habiliments before putting in an appearance at the dinner-table. My room was dose to Jack's, and my friend remarked : " Oh, did I tell vou that I received my wife's carte-de-viaite, photographed in Madeira, this morning? It's an excellent likeness. Come in, and I'll show it to you." " Holloa ! what in the deuce is this?" growled Beauchamp, as he discovered his door locked and the key missing. "Cripps!" he bawled along the passage to his servant. The adjutant's man answered the summons. He said : " Beg pardon, sir, but Oripps got leave from the captain, as he 'ad a brother called to see 'im. I got your mess things ready, sir. You'll find 'em all right." " But my key's missing, man," said Jack. "Key, Sir! It was there half .an hour ago. I didn't even turn it in the lock. Don't 1 know who'd a- touched it. Not a soul been in the passage as I know on, sir, 'ceptin' Mr, Cooke and Mr. Sennett. and a civilian gentleman with one of the guard orderlies. I forgot, sir; the colonel was round kickin' up a row, as he thought the young officers 'ad been goin' in for pistol practioe. I heard the report, but took no notice on it." " Confound the thing ! I must get into my room." said Beauchamp. " Fetch me a chisel, or something, and I'll prise the door open." The servant soon brought a crowbar, with which Beauchamp, using the implement jemmy fashion, epeedlv obtained ingress to his apart ment. He sniffed and exclaimed : " What a beastly smell of gunpowder I I wonder whether Messrs. Sennett and Cookehav® honoured my room with a visit. I'd hav« punched their deuced heads if I'd caught them." 6 The moon, which had now risen, was shining brightly through the window, and by its light J ack pnrceived a figure lying on his bed. " What on earth's this?" he angrily ex claimed. " What blessed tomfoolery ! Just imagine the mental calibre of the animals who 'd extract amusement from such a game as this!" & Beauchamp who was a hit of a dandy, hail a model of his figure fashioned in stiffened buckram, with cork stuffing, on which he was wont to button his tunic before wearing i£» This the bright youths Sennett and Cooke— it needed no ghost to tell that- had placed be tween his sheets. '' I wonder what those idiots have been firing at?" testily snapped Jack, as he struck a lucifer and lighted the gas. " Oh, what a hanged shame T My new tunic too !" he wrath- fully ejaculated, as he pointed to a dagger-like weapon, which had been driven to the hilt in. the breast part. " This is too bad ; I'll mako a report ot it ! I think the sooner those young lunatios are oashiered the better." Beauchamp, who had passed to the side of fchw, oed next the window, suddenly gays an. ex- clam&tibn; of surprise and alarm. He caught the foot of ihe cot aud pushed it a yard to wards the door, aud disclosed the motionless figure of a man lying on his back, grasping with his right hand a heavy revolver, and with bi« left a scrap of paper. As by a simultaneous impulse, my comrade and I caught hold of the body and raised it on the bed. The features — piuched And haggard — were blackened by gunpowder ; an ft blood, now coagulated, had oozed from the mouth. Still Beauchamp and I recognised the face at the same moment. It was that of Captain Antonio Campobello ! I snatched the paper from his grasp, anil read, written on it in a Bcrawly hand, the words, " Un Corso-si vendica — e muore ! which may be translated, " A Corsican is avenged — and dies !" Immediately I had perused the scrap I heard a shufflng Bound, accompanied by a groan. The shock of the ghastly discovery had been too much for Beauchamp. He had fallen in a dead faint over the corpse of his enemy. Preparatory to summoning assistance, I raised the unconscious Beauchamp from the bed, laid him on the floor, and loosened hit collar. Looking out of the door I saw Ensign Cooke. "Mr. Cooke," I said, sternly, "did you place that dummy in Beauchamp's bed f " "Well, yes, Sennett and I did," was the youth's reply. " Now I'm accused of firing a pistol. Upon my honour I know nothing abont I responded : "Look sharp. Tell the commanding officer and the doctor that I request their presence urgently in Mr. Beauchamp "s room." Ensign Cooke, with a vague idea that in some fashion he was in for it, hurried away to deliver my message. Directly afterwards there was a tap at the door. I attended to the summons, and was con fronted with the orderly of the guard. "Beg pardon, sir," the man said; "but I wish to see Mr. Beauch&mp.;" I replied : " You can't see.him at present, but you can leave any message with me." The orderly went on : "I don't know as I did right, sir, but a civilian gentleman wished to see Mr. Beauchamp, and I brought him here. I knocked, an' not bein' answered, I took the liberty of openin the door, and saw Mr. Beauchamp in bed. The gentleman said as 'ow he wanted partic'lar to see Mr. Beauchamp, an would go an' wake him up. Then just as the colonel was sendm me to post a letter in the town to catch the mail train, I heerd a shot-. When I came back the sergeant of the guard told me that he 'ad it from the adjutant's sergeant as 'ow Mr. Beauchamp 'ad to break open his door." " You may go," I said. " If there's any thing wrong you'll doubtless hear from Mr. Beauchamp " The ghaBtly business was now apparent. Campobello, perceiving the dummy on the bed, was convinced that it was his foe in reality, and, after inflicting what he thought to be a mortal wound with his dagger, had blown his brains out. As I looked at the Corsican's lifelessly body, I could not help regretting that a man' of his parts should have fallen a victim to the sentiment of the overwhelming Sasion for revenge of his strange race. order most foul had been averted by a ludicrous and silly practical joke, and acciden tally the hair-brained youths Cooke and Sennett had performed a service invaluable in its character. The colonel and the doctor came together on the scene... and in a few words I told them of what had happened. The still inanimate Beauchamp we carried to my room adjoining from whence he was con veyed on a stretcher to the doctor's quarters in hospital. What was to be done with Campobello's body? The three of us had a long and serious consultation on the gruesome subject. The dead man was possessed of relatives, of whom. I had heard him speak, and I argued that to allow the faots to be published at an inquest might have, for all we could tell, the effect of bringing about a continuation of the vendetta; therefore, in our decision on the perplexing question, we were guided by considerations of ?rudence respecting Jack Beauchamp's safety. searched Campobello's pockets. There were but a shilling or two iu money, his card -cam, and a few letters. The missives I afterwards destroyed. Now, what we did may be objected to on ethical grounds, but we were soldiers accustomed to rough campaigning, and there fore not likely to trifle with a difficulty in a kid- gloved fashion. Bo, in the early morning, the colonel, the dootor, and I conveyed the corpse of the un fortunate man, with his hand still tightly- clasping the revolver, out of barracks by the private door of toe officers' house, and gently- laid it by the side of the read, just as we saw the light of a policeman's lantern in the dis tance. A minute later we heard the guardian of the peace colling loudly for assistance, and vigorously blowing his whistle. Soon a pass ing, market waggon was requisitioned, and the bodj oenveyed to the parish mortuary. An inquest was held in due course, and, aoco -ding to the newspaper report, the jury found that a person unknown nad shot himself. Privately, through the medium of the vicar of the parish, Colonel Bolton paid an under taker to have the remains buried decently.' Greatly to their surprise, EnsignB Cooke and Sennett were hot reprimanded for the practical joke they had played. Jack Beauchamp, on perceiving Campobello's body in his room, had received a much more severe shock than was supposed. A slight attack of brain fever enpervened. Incon sequence he received six months leave, and joined his wife at Madeira. All of us who knew of the affair kept it a close secret for years. In fact, I Relieve that Beauchamp, who Ions since left the army— tee end ner former admirer Captain Antoiflo Campobello.— Wecktp Budget. . \ 