IY LADY. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) " I must confess," said Rose, " with out venturing to call it good-looking or otherwise, that his countenance, artistically speaking, seems to me very striking. He is just one of those wicked people, I fancy, in whom one feels a sort of interest in spite of one's self. How,, don't you think so, Sir ' Richard ?" " My dear Miss Aynton," returned the baronet, with an air of hauteur that neutralised the familiarity im plied by his words, " if this person has won your sympathy he is fortunate indeed ; but I must say that I don't see that he deserves it. His beard, which is certainly a handsome one, has also — as it seems to me — the great advantage of obscuring half his coun tenance. I confess I think he looks to be a scoundrel of the first-salt water."- " That's what Rose means !" cried Lettv, clapping her hands. " He's one of those dear handsome villains who used to — ah, infest, yes, that's the phrase — who used to infest the Spanish Main. 'How charmingly mysterious was the very place in which they car ried' on their profession 1 If it was not for sea-sickness I should like to have had something to do in the Spanish Main myself. I have not the shadow of a doubt that this Mr. Der rick — evidently an assumed name What's the matter, dearest mother ?" My lady had uttered a low cry, such as is evoked by sudden and acute physical pain. "Nothing, my love — nothing; it was a passing spasm, nothing more. A tinge of my old rheumatism again, I fear, which is a sign of old age, and therefore a malady I do not wish to be taken notice of. Now, don't distress yourselves, my dears" — for all had risen with looks of genuine and affectionate anxiety, except Miss Aynton, who had rapidly poured out a glass of wine. " Thank you, Rose ; that was all I wanted. Nobody offered ine any sherry, so I thought I could try .whether I could not obtain it medicinally. What were you saying, Letty, about this — this person 1" " I was merely remarking that he bad probably been a buccaneer, mamma." "In other words, that he deserves hanging," observed Sir Richard gruffly " I hope he will soon take himself out of the parish, for we have got tipplers enough in it already." " Dear, dear, dear !" said Letty sedately; "to make such an observa tion as that, just after mamma has been craving for sherry 1 Besides, how can this gentleman annoy you, Sir Richard ? He isn't come here to dispute the title is he ?" My lady kept her lips closed this time ; but an anguish passed over her face that would have been easy to see had npb the eyes of those at table been otherwise engaged. Letty was looking at her friend, in hopes that she should get her to laugh at her high and mighty brother ; Rose did not dare look up, for fear she should do so. Walter, his handsome lips slightly curled, was contemptu ously watching the baronet, who stared, Sphinx -like, right before him, as was his custom whenever he was in one of his autocratic humors, as at present. " I don't choose to have persons of that sort in the parish," Baid he with icy distinctness. "But, my dear Richard, you can't turn him out," reasoned Letty, rather vexed by an exhibition of her brother's pride before her school-friend beyond what she had calculated upon. "He has a right to stop at the Lisgard Arms as long as he pleases." " And I have a right to turn Steve out as a tenant" "You have nothing of the kind, Richard," interposed Walter quietly ; " you have no more right than I — not even legal right, for the inn is not yet yours, and as for moral right, it would be the most monstrous piece of terri torial oppression ever heard of out of Poland. So long as the man behaves himself " " He does not behave himself," put in Sir Riohard angrily. " He is a drunkard, and a brawler in church." " Gracious mercy ! how you must have been looking up Burn's "Justice." But you will not be a magistrate, a custos rotulorum, till you are of age, remember, so that he is safe for six months. In the meantime, he cer tainly means to stay here. He is so good as to say he likes Mirk, I under stand ; and the village folk like him. He is a great addition to the ohoir ; and I shall certainly ask him, in case he remains, to join our Mirk volun teers ; Steve tells me he is a most admirable shot with a rifle, and will do the corps credit." " That is all the worse," quoth Sir Richard violently ; " he is only the more likely to be a poacher. We have more than enough of that sort already, and I beg that you will give none such your encouragement." "Encouragement I" returned Walter airily. " What patronage have I to offer ? I am not Sir Riohard, who can make a man happy with a word." " Very well," continued the baronet with suppressed passion, "let him take care how he trespasses upon the Abbey lands — that's all." ! " Nay, you'll see him at the Abbey itself," laughed Walter carelessly, " and that pretty often, unless I quite misinterpreted Mistress Forest's manner when she parted from him at the Lych Gate ; I never saw two people more affectionate upon so short an acquaintance." "A most ineligible suitor, I am sure," broke forth the baronet. " I trust Mary is not fool enough to dis grace herself at her time of life by any such nlliance." " She is almost old enough to choose for herself," responded Walter, drily. " The selection of a husband for one's servant is scarcely the privilege of even a lord of the manor, and when the servant is not one's own '' "I believe, sir," interrupted Sir Riohard, hastily, "that I am only speaking the sentiments of her mis tress, in whose hands, of course, the matter lies. Mother, do you not agree with me that it would be very unwise to encourage any attachment between Mary Forest and this reprobate stranger, Derrick 1" It was plain my lady had not re covered from her late ailment, of what ever nature the attack might have been ; otherwise she would have in terfered between the brothers before a direct appeal for her decision had been made by either of them, it being a rule with her never to place herself in an invidious position with respect to her children. To the astonishment of the baronet himself, however, Lady Lisgard now forced her pale lips to utter very delibe rately, "I think it would be very unwise." " And therefore," pursued Sir Richard, hastening to push his advan tage, " it would be worse than unwise, it would be absolute cruelty, since you do not intend her to marry this fellow, that opportunities should be afforded her of meeting him under the same roof. I - do not say that his offence of brawling in church this morning is a sufficient ground of itself for forbidding him the house, although to most persons with any sense of decency it would be a serious misdemeanor ; but would it not be well, under these particular circum stances, to treat it so ?" "Yes," returned my lady, rising from the table white as a ghost, " you are right, Richard ; lot this Mr. Der rick be forbidden the house." 