INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. OPENING DAY. Patron, His Excellency the Governor (the Earl of Kintore) ; President, Mr. J. J. Green ; vice-president, Mr. James Duncan ; com mittee, Messrs, A. Adamson, J. Anderson, W. Burford, C. Clark, A. \V. Dobbie, W. W. Fonvood, h. Grayson, M.P., T. Hack, M.P., T. Hardy, L. P. Lawrence, G. Marks, and G. Stace ; Mr.: W. Clark, secretary. The Industrial Exhibition, which was opened by the Acting-Governor on May 7, was organised to illustrate the industries and manufactures of the colony as a whole, but especially to display the . independent work manship of our artisans, meelianies, women, and youths, and to give them an opportunity of showing, inventive talent. The prospectus states tliat 'the chamber, with a view t« encourage native industries, has set apart a sum of £200 to be given in prizes to artisans and others for exhibits of their own workman ship in the groups set forth in the accom panying schedule. In addition to the above, manufacturers of the colony and others have contributed upwards of £100 towards a special prize fund. . The secretary will be pleased to receive further contributions to this fund. In awarding these prizes the judges shall con sider the originality, invention, discovery, utility,' quality, skill, workmanship, adapta tion to public wants, and economy of the various exhibits. The apportionment of the ?prize money will be left with the chamber and the judges, and will be awarded for the ex hibits considered most worthy. An accom panying certificate of merit will be given with each money prize; Exhibits of much merit not obtaining a money prize may bs awarded a certificate of merit. The exhibition will be in three separate divisions: — Division L For men over 21 years. Division IL For women over 18 years. Division III. For youths : (a) males under 21 years ; (6) females under 18 years. Exhibitors must be residents of South Australia.' In order to give every encouragement manu facturers are charged nothing for space or entrance, but they are excluded from .tlie com petitive section. The committee have worked mdefatigably during the last few weeks, and their secretary, Mr. Clark, has been as hard ?worked as . exhibition secretaries always are. The calls upon his energy and good nature on the opening day were taxed to the utmost. Meeting's to promote interest in the exhibition Lave been held at Port Adelaide, Hindtuarsh, Norwood, Unley, Kapunda, Gawler, Kadina, and Moonta. The number of exhibits will be somewhat over l,000j- and they have nearly all arrived. MAES HALK-^-WESraRN SIDE. On . the western side of the main hall {the visitor, comes upon Mr. T. S. Reed's exhibition of artistic furniture. For some time past it has been a labor of love for him to follow in the footsteps of 3Ess Catherine Thompson and ? Mrs. Panton, of London, in introducing fine art into a subject originally so prosaic as furni ture. On every side instances of his success are visible, and it is gratifying to know that patrons have not been lacking among the wealthy people both of South Australia and the adjoining colonies. The tasteful objects are too numerous to mention, but prominent among them are two lady:s escritoires with writing flaps covered with heliotrope velvet ; an early English cabinet, cream enamelled, and panelled with pretty watercolors; a square cabinet of stained walnut, with fretwork com partments and door panelled with watereolors ; -a drawing-room screen of Tasmanian oak, with compartments of pale blue silk and gold bro cade ; a tea-screen of blackwood, with gotftic fretwork and terra-eotta silk mountings adorned with French etchings. As will be seen from the above Australian woods have been employed in many instances, one very pretty sample being three teatables in blackwood, after Lady Kintore's design. There are towel-screens of a type very fashion able in England just now, cream enamelled, draped with muslin, and provided with brass rods,, which enable the towels to be hung out of sight. A novel and pretty idea is a case for brie-a-rbrac upon the wall, with a gothie-tiled roof, and the same remark applies to the narrow hall brackets and shelves in blaekwood mounted with photos, of statuary in one case, and in .the other with nine autotypes of Sir Joshua ? Reynold's series of ' Beautiful 'Women' in sepia.- The afternoon tea-seresns are provided with little shelves on . which the lad-es can rest their teacups. Mr. Wivell's art gallery is well represented by a jiumber of oil and water colors on the western Trail, many of thera. by. painters of note. Several deal with Australian scenery, . and are from the:brush of Australian artists. One of the most interesting and certainly the most fragrant of the : trophies is that of. the Flower Farm _Coiapany, of Rosewood, near Crafere. The history of this enterprise teaches the lesson of how by a little energy and enter prise it is possible to raise up pew and success ful industries for which the climate of South Australia is admirably suited. Mr. D. M. Renaud, .who is native of Mauritius, has besn for a long time desirous of establishing a flower farm here and extracting perfumes, and he was fortunate in obtaining- the assistance of the late Mr. Jas. Cowan, a .short time before that public-spirited citizen met with an untimely ejd. Tlie trophy vil.ii- its rows of attractive scent bottles appropriately suraiouuted by the figures of Cupid and Psyche embracing speaks foritself of the work which has been doneboth at the farm and -the laboratory of Rosewood under fie energetic management . of Mr. Renaud. The. enterprise was- only started two years .ago, and tlie distillation of the perfumes was begun this summer for. the first time. The *omp'any-has about 4 acres of rose.?, five or six thousand bulbs of tuberose, andabout half an acre of violetSj-English lilac, geranium, and lavender. ? Mr. Renaud's experience in the flower farms of. Southern France has been invaluable in his iwork,- and he speaks enthusiastically of the future of ecentmakiiig in such a climate as we have in the hills. The essences are now find ing ready sale in the city, and it is intended to push the business into the other colonies and. mto India and Mauritius. The labels on the bottles are very tpstefully designed, aud the inscriptions are for the most part in French, a language .so long associated with the manufac ture and sale of perfumery. Notonly does it thus answer to a popular expectation and in volve no breach of continuity, but it will bn valuable in the trade which Mr. Renard hopes to establish with Mauritius. India consumes annually about 140,000 gallons of handkerchief perfume, all coming from Europe, and why should not Australia share in the profits of this business? Again, if England could be induced to differentiate in favor of Australia by foregoing the excise duty on perfumes im ported from this country it wo'.ld bs possible to export Australian eau-de-Cologne and other scents to the mother land with, proat. In point of quality the local product has nothing to fear from competition. Messrs. W. Silver & Co., of Norwood, show a number of plain and fancy boxes from their factory, the assortment covering a wide scope, and varying from the tiny ring-box and wedge ehape wedding-cake box to the large re ceptacles for millinery, costumes, or hats. Mr. T. B. Robson exhibits a trophy of dried fruits from the Ellythorp 'V'meyard, figs, apples, walnuts, and raisins being principally in evidence. Some bottles of unfermeated wine crown the summit. Mr. H. J. Shrosbree, of Adelaide, shows several handsome glass eases of stuffed birds and animals. The result is very effective and lifelike. Most of the exhibits have passed through the Zoological Garden, having been brought by Mr. Minehin from far eastern lands, yielded the ghost in South Australia, and then been handed over to Mr. Shrosbree to be immortalised by means of wire and saw dust. The birds include an Australian eagle just perched upon a: rock, to which he has carried a rabbit in his claws ; a king penguin {ram .South America, a Chinese- copper pheasant, and the magnificent gold pheasant also from Cathay. The feathers of a hawk are . ingeniously spread out^so as to form a hand some firescreen, the fierce head being in- tha 'centre. The platypus, the Jew lizard, and -the Australian water rat are -other excellent spsci- - xoens of the stuff ers' art. Messrs. Burden & 'Bonython have a hand some pyramidal display of their lithographic work towards- the left side of the organ. Messrs. W.-H. Burford & Sons have a fine exhibit of candles, soap, starch, and other products of their business tastefully grouped. Near them and also opposite the main entrance are two Government exhibits, one consisting of scientific apparatus used in tele gra-j-hy and the working, of the telephone, . yhik' the other is from the Government Prist ir:g Office, and displays some splendid samples of tho. bind ere' art. Messrs. Schaer & Miiller show corks cut to all sizes and requirements in their Adelaide factory, and close by Mr. H. L. Vosz exhibits a pyrimid of tins of paint, and a magnificent glass mirror from his well-known establishment in Rundle-street. JIAIN HALL— EASTEBN SIDE. The S.A. Post and Telegraphic Department have placed their well arranged case of scientific and telegraphic instruments in a position in which it cannot fail to command merited attention. A number of sections of wires are shown in company with various por tions of the telephonic apparatus and batteries, all made at the departmental workshop. Au automatic transmitter for duplex circuits, with switches, communicators, and lightning arresters are all well displayed, as are a pocket instrument, galvanometer and scale, and a Siekmen's universal galvanometer. An exhibit which will probably attract the eye of the visitor is the tastefully arranged showcase of Messrs, W. & T. Rhodes. A large circular mirror bordered by a wreath composed of -cupids sporting with doves in tinted were forms an excellent centre piece around which are grouped elegant designs in silver plate and continental ware, vases and statuettes of chaste design and delicate coloring. . Messrs. W. H. Burford & Sons show a fine ease of the articles manufactured by them, including seme prettily-tinted candles of the type usually met with, and also special bed room candles. Soaps of different sorts and extracts of that useful article are neatly dis played, a collection of oilB for lubricating cylinders and spindles being also attractively worked into the body of the_ trophy. Packets of blue, starch, and blacking appear in the base, which is further supported by specimens of glycerine, soda crystals, and a new axle grease, which is being introduced to the public by this firm. All of these are made up in a compact manner for sale, and there appears no reason why the fact of their being manufac tured locally should be the slightest bar to popularity. Indeed, in this direction, at least, we appear to have little further to learn ' from old world producers. One of the most handsome exhibits in the main hall is that of Messrs. James Marshall and Co., which stands in a conspicuous position to the right of the passage-way. It is ex cellently arranged for displaying to the best advantage a really creditable show of colonial made furniture, all of which is of woods grown in Australasia. The central position is occupied by a handsome specimen cabinet in ebomsed kauri pine-^-a New Zealand product. Close by Tasmania is represented by a hand some carved and ornamented blackwood side board. _ An American walnut dining-room suite is well upholstered in morocco and and includes a 14 ft. extension dining table, a full-sized sideboard with a bevelled glass over mantle to match the last-named article. An elegant drawing suite in ebonised wood, a carved overmantle, and several specimens of the latest designs in occasional tables and chairs are displayed on the same stand a little to the right of the centrepiece, as are a set of drawing-room bookshelves of kauri pine and walnut. la the latter wood are also shown seven patterns of hall stands, which are hand sonie pieces of furniture, and two duchess toilet pairs. Various designs of occasional chair frames are exhibited in an unfinished state to show the excellence of the work, which was all executed at the Stephens place factory of the firm. Altogether this is a stand well worth inspection Messrs. W. C. Harrison & Co., of Port Ade laide, have a well - arranged case of mill products and specimens, illustrating the stages through which wheat passes in its passage from grain to flour. It is first shown as it comes into the mill, and then as it appears after the various processes of cleaning. _ :The by-products such as chaff are duly exhibited. A series of illustrations are also presented of this important staple* product of the colony from the time when it i3 simply split down to the eleventh when it is perfectly ground. The firm also show meal and semolina. The Adelaide Hat Manufacturing Company have an interesting exhibit, all the articles in which are manufactured at the North Ade laide factory from South Australian grown wool. An effort has been made to show as far as . possible the processes through, -which the raw material passes before it emerges in a finished state. The wool is first shown just as it comes from the sheep, and then as it appears after having been'scoured. The next operation is cording, after which the embyro hat is shown, and then the article in a hardensd form. Felting is the succeeding operation, after which the shape is stiffened, and. then comes the finished head covering of ordinary ?wear. At present the company only manufac ture the common or ' pot' hat, not having the necessary plant to extend their trade in the direction of the more pretentious 'chimney- pot.' An extensive collection of brushware of all descriptions is well arranged by Messrs. Zeven booni & Co., who manufacture everything in this line at their Currie-street factory, from bristles, fibre, hair, bass, cane, and whisk, which are imported from outside the colony. The general get up of the household brush ware, and also of that for general use, is ex cellent ; while the same may be said of the articles for machine use turned out by the firm. The goods shown are all turned out by factory employes, who have entered in their own names quite independent of Measrs. Zevenboom, to whom,' however, the material belongs. The S. A., 'Woollen Manufacturing Company show a large exhibit which is well placed at the northern end of the hall. All the cloths displayed are made of South Australian grown wool at their Lobethal factory, many of the patterns being admirable in design, while the texture of the stuffs appears durable. A col lection, of show-cases on the eastern side cf the trophy give an idea to the uninitiated of the processes through which the merino and cross bred wools 'pass in transition from the raw material .to the cloth of commerce.. First of all these are observable ' in grease,' as it ia technically termed, the next case showing the fleeces scoured, and a third the wool in the first process of preparation for carding. The article after the latter process is subsequently displayed looking white and of good color. Numerous varieties of spun yarn are in the next division, the last case showing dyed aud 'twisted yarns of all shades. Suspended from a transverse bar just above these are samples of cloth in various stages of preparation ; some just as.it left the loom, being hung next a cut ting from the same piece scoured and mulled, while a third section is seen after final treat ment in a finished condition. Close by finger ing, yarns are shown in a finished and and un finished state. Several . specimens of cloth as supplied to branches of the Government Service are hung near by, with a new home spun fabric made from crossbred. wooL In a glass ease close at hand a quantity of fingering wool in various, colors is exhibited ready for knitting purposes. An exhibit which should ?command a share of attention is that . of Mr. D. M. Renaud, who brings before visitors a good idea of what can be produced from a well-tended home farm and garden by. exercise of- a degree, of thought and care. A couple of neatly labelled bottles contain.' black-heart cherries, and- pears- -pre- served in sugar syrup and brandy as is done in France; while in-othere-are- disjriayed a. variety of i fruit-syrups from. raspberries, ..mulberrifiBf currants, . and cherries. _ These-being .made pure,- and without the aid of .chemicals, are thoroughly wholesome. This, success should in time lead to the establishment of a profitable industry in our hill districts, where fruit is abundant. A special feature.is a set of three, bottles of preserved fresh milk, which having been submitted to a peculiar process, are in . a '.fit' condition for export. As the_ fluid is treated when perfectly fresh it is claimed that its purity and general excellence are superior to that of the condensed varieties. Pineapple ratafia, aniseed liqueur, and black currant ratafia are also shown. The whole of these 'products of the farm 'come from the neighborhood- of Craters, Uraidla, and Stirling. A most artistic exhibit is that which demon strates what can be done with the scales' of fish of various sizes. With infinite patience and skill these ' have been worked into excellent imitation flowers, sprays, and fern fronds. A delicacy of touch and treatment has been lavished upon the preparation of the contents of this show- ease, which cannot fail to com mand well-merited attention. The plants and flowerets as of a small conservatory within its glass doors have a semblance of life, which speaks _ volumes for the taste and care which has evidently been. devoted to the tinting. and general design. The models shown are of a high order of merit, many being elaborate in workmanship, though diminutive in general design. Commencing at the north-eastern end of the building is a care ful and ingenious piece of execution in metal by Mr. J. Walters, of Upper Mitcham, in the shape of a stamp mill. In a mining com munity like ours this will no doubt receive a fair share of notice. A model steam engine and vertical boiler are to be seen dose by, ? while a few yards away those interested m nautical matters will no doubt be attracted by some excellent models of yachts in full -sail An exhibit in this class which is of more than ordinary merit is a circular staircase by W. Banks, of Hackney, which is one of the finest specimens of cabinet work in the exhibition. The floor and landing of the spiral way are artistically inlaid with colored woods, the effect produced being extremely pleasing. -. The -cooperage show-case of Mr. E. A. Adams is a most comprehensive exhibit, show ing that he is not only able to turn out massive work, but also to give a _ finish which approaches cabinet-work- in delicacy of execu tion. A camel water cask is a good sample of' the former, and the numerous dwarf casks made in ornamental formes and woods .of the latter class of manipulation. _ A model of a torpedo boat of cigar-shape is shown in the form of an elongated barrel, while another small hogshead gives the visitor a clear view of all the diagonal points in its staves. The whole is tastefully grouped and arranged. Upon entering the main hail from the Eastern annexe the first thing attracting the eye is a trophy some 18 to 20_ ft. high in the form of a pyrimid, upon which is tastefully arrayed 3 tons, or over 1,800 tins, of jams and preserved fruits from Messrs. S. Smith and Sons' factories at Yalmnba, Angaston. Several varieties of fruits are shown in glass jars and have aan exceedingly tempting appearance. The artistic labels used by this firm and the skill brought to bear in dressing the stand makes an imposing show. Further on is an exhibit from the ? Yalumba wine cellars. A fine . dis play is made of Special Old Port, the bottlas being arranged in pyrimidal tiers. The School of Mines and Industries has an exhibit in the south-eastern portion of the main building comprising specimens of mental and manual work by the students, which goes far to prove the extreme practical utility of that institution. Some excellent mechanical drawings are displayed to advantage, including the working drawing of a banger for line shafting drawn to scale, and a pattern of a spur, while two tool- boxes made by the students are conspicuous in the centre of the space allotted, while close by some steel tools made by another attendant at the industrial classes show work of great care and accuracy. A large number of entries have been re ceived in the two classes of artistic and fancy work. The first of these ie f or youths and maidens under the age of 18 years, and the second for women over the age of 18. The exhibits are in gome instances meritorious, aad Biiow that a keen interest has been taken in the competition by the exhibitors, who in . many cases have displayed not only skill I and patience but also considerable ingenuity in designing articles of more than ordinary ; merit. Many of these were, however, not arranged till a late hour. THE GALLEKT. On the eastern side the walls of the gallery are hung with the efforts of local artists, some being decidedly good, while others, and we fear the majority, are crude and harsh. There is one commendable oil painting of a flooded billabong, by L. E. Birks, where the treatment is warm and sympathetic, the natural objects faithfully and yet artistically represented, and the whole effect pleasing ; but so much can be said of very few of the other paintings, whether in oil or water. Most of the portraits recall Madam Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors, and there is a copy of Johnstone's ' Evening Shadows,' which shows how far it is possible to unintentionally caricature a great picture. At the head of the stairs leading to the gallery is a very effective bird's-eye view of Adelaide and the plains in Indian ink, tho shading being very cleverly done. Art is represented in other forms in the gallery. The inmates of the Adelaide Lunatio Asylum have contributed some beautiful specimens of cabinet-making, all the articles being constructed of wood grown on .the premises. Knitting and needlework are also on the table, and show that the excellent stimulus of quiet work is not forgotten in the treatment of those mentally afflicted. Several private firms have a good display of basketwork, upholstery, plaque-painting, &a;, in the gallery. THE EASTERN ANNEXE contain some, competitive exhibits of great interest, because they emanate directly from workingmen in various factories of the colony, notably those of Kapunda: and Gawler. It will be necessary to speak more fully of these, as of many other excellent exhibits, at a later date, when the work of arrangement is more complete. Messrs. Martin & Co.'s employes are represented by a whole compartment full of machinery of various kinds. The inmates of the Blind Asylum have here a stall for the display of their goods, and at another part of the annexe : they can be seen at work brush making, &c.; Messrs. J. G. Genders &'Co. have a' car petted enclosure in which they display in a very attractive form samples from their manu facturing departments, including saddlery and harness from their leatherware factory, besides special exhibits of all kinds of collars from the lederal Collar Works. Portmanteaus, Glad stone bags, valises, brief. bags, footballs, &c;, from the bag-makingdepartmentare also shown. Conspicuous in the centre is a tjentre - is a neatly arranged stand of horseshoes, embracing samples for. racehorsesy jumpers, -and carriage horses, as well as .special shoes for shipboard and for horses with sandcracks, &e.; The Horton Manufacturing Company of Fort Wayne are: represented by samples of their western washer, which Messrs. Genders and Co. are manufacturing as their agents in the colony. Stretton's automatic horsefeeder will subsequently be shown in operation. A camel saddle is also exhibited. Messrs. Genders' collection has all been selected from their regular stock, nothing having been made ex. . pressly for this exhibition. THE OPENING CEREMONY. The enthusiasm displayed at the opening- of the Exhibition may fairly be taken as a happy augury of its success. Technical education is very popular in South Australia, and anything likely to assist in its diffusion appeals. in a special manner to the sympathy and support of the public. The executive of the Chamber of Manufactures have every reason to be grati fied at the assistance accorded to them by the mechanics, ; artisans, and other producers ?who have stocked the -building with valuable and instructive exhibits. They_ are also justified in feeling proud at the heartiness with which their efforts to encourage a spirit of emulation among the workers of the com xnunity, have been seconded by the people at large. The; main hall of the Exhibition on Thursday evening presented a most attractive and animated appearance. From, roof and pillars hung flags -and bannerets of many shapes and diverse colors. ? The balconies were lined \ with a continuous circle of well dressed t and smiling people;. ? Below were draperies and festoons in red, blue, Land .yellow cloth, while'in the centre was a closely, packed audience, ,tbe presence of ever^y member of whom was aecountjed for by a far higher motive than that of mere idle curiosity or- a desire for amusement j Around the platform the bright green ferns- acd other foliage plants .lent an added beauty to the scene, while on both sides the picture was shut in by countless trophies of the patient ingenuity and busy hands of the men and women for -whose benefit the Exhibition ;was . designed. Looking towards the platform the. audience saw : .the : circle of distinguished officials with the Governor in their midst, and rising in tiers behind them as a pleasant background the white dresses of the ladies.pf the choir and the black garments of the male singers. Higher -still above the decorated railing . of the balcony was a line o2 interested spectators, who, fron that elevated position had a magnificent and ?uninterrupted view of the building and all its ?occupants. Thence was to be seen the mass of invited guests^ seated in ? the centre of the hall, while the standing crowd filled up the aisles and gave vitality to the spaces beneath the galleries at the sides. Over all was the brilliant, if 'somewhat fitful, glow of the electric light,- which banished gloom from every nook and corner. The colony may' well take; pi-ide ja the excellence and 'variety of the articles exhibited, which for the 'most part 'have been manufactured . within its borders ; but, surely i the most eloquent token' of. the substantial prosperity of the coun: try. was- to be .found .in. the.' large, intelligent, ;and ? -well-dressed --audience- -who gathered to give eclat to the opening ceremony, in.; the ..excellence of the speaking, and the artistic manner in -which .the. vocalists-Bang and . the musicians played. . The electric lamp ©n the dome flooded the outside of the building with light and cast its, inviting and advertising beams far .across the city. Beneath its glow the formal reception of the Administrator of the Government was as comfortably carried out as it could have been in broad day. Just before 8 o'clock Mr. C. J. Stevens entered .his box. behind ihe Governor's chair, and- with royal punctuality the strains of the National A&them.came.froin; the instrumentalists as Mr. Justice Boucaut ascended the platform in. .corr.p:*»y . with Sir Henry Ayers (President of the Legislative Council), Mr. J.. J. Green (chairman of the Ghamber of ? Manufactures), and all the mem- - bers of the committee except Mr. James Duncan, who has recently- sustained a family bereavement. Other absentees weretheHon. T. Playford, who is suffering .from a severe attack -of influenza, and Sir Samuel Davenport, who, as Mr. Copley expressed it, is neither a public nor a private man just now, and who did not care to risk the validity of his eleotion by taking part in a pubh'e meeting. Among the prominent men who did not take seats on the platform were Sir John Bray, M.P. (Chief Secretary), and the Hon. A. Catt, M.P. (Chair man of Committees). Immediately after the Governor had, taken his seat the choir, with Mrs. Johnson James and Mr. T. L. Middleton as soloists, , rendered this . cantata, specially composed for the occasion by Mr. A. T. Chandler, and set to music by Mr. C. J. Stevens : — Chorus— Ixyocatkmt. O Father «U1 powerful, ruler of space,' Thou Lord of the stars and Thou maker of tame. Thou giver oigood with all tenderest grace, Unknown, and jet known in the heavens sublime. Lo ! here do we come to Thee, here do we bow And sing with our voices the songs of our love ; Beseeching Thy blessing, for gracious art Thou— Our Lover, pur Guardian, our Father above. Solo— Soprano. Across the seas, -with hearts aglow ? Our fathers, fifty years ago, From SigVish meadows wandered liere, So full of hope and brave men's fear. With trust in God they faced the foam, With joy they sought a brighter home, Where aims would shine with golden gleam — On freedom — freedom, Hot a dream. And so they came, With hearts aflame, . And many a sturdy hero name. ? SOLO — TEN9B.; ' Like heroes bold they ventured forth Thro' lonely wilds of South and North ; From forests dim, from 'bush and plain, They won the glorious harvest-gain. Of mellow fruits, and corn, and wine, Of golden fleece and wealth of mine ', The fair land slep- H-the 'charm they broke — They kissed her cheek, and she awoke. So, one by one, Their-wooing done, They sink to slumber 'neath the sun. Duet — SontAxo and Tenor. And now, with ardent will to-day, Their sons and daughters here display The triumph of the dream they saw In noble aim and purest law. And on their labor deftly graft A hundred arts of handicraft ; A young land's pride in labor's skill, From loom, and bench, machine, and mill — That here are wrought By work and thought, And all with song and gladness fraught. Chorus— A Soxa of Hope. Afar in the sky midst the blue and the gold, An angel looks down with a smile on her face, Ajid over the city her fair wings unfold, Aud over the land is the charm of her grace. Oh ! may she for ever inspire with her love The children who carol from valley to slope ; Who see her bright jrlance in the sunlight above, And name her and pray to her beautiful hope. Come, come, chant this theme To the praise of God supreme. The opening chorus is in a solemn and prayerful etram, which blends into a bright and attractive soprano solo. The tenor solo is pleasant and full of exprefesion, while there is life and vigor in the succeeding duet, the whole theme finding fitting conclusion in full notes mingled of hope and praise. The composer has evidently studied to give the fittest inter pretation of the words of the ode, and the ex cellept choir, which numbered 250 voices, did full justice to his work, which met with de served applause. Mre. Johnson James was very successful in her portion of the perfor mance, while Mr. Middleton sang with taste and feeling. The formal business of the evening was begun when Mr. J. J. Green rose to present an address to the Governor and to request him to declare the Exhibition open. The address is beautifully bound in red morocco, and lined 1 with white satin, the lettering being in black ?with initial letters in gold and crimson. The heading is appropriately decorated with a spirited representation of the primitive and modern implements of labor, while in the margin are vignettes containing artistic draw ings of various implements and manufactures, while sketches are. given of the ancient means of reaping corn with a sickle and the present method of gathering in a harvest. The illumi nation, which thoroughly deserved the compli ment paid to it by the recipient, was done oy Mr. W. G. P. Joyner, while Messrs. Whillas and Onniston were the binders. The 'Song of Australia' having been given with lustiness and precision the Governor, who met with an excellent reception, in a Speech characterised by wit, heartiness, j and brevity, declared the Exhibition open, and congratulated the committee both on their ! audience and their exhibits. The solemn i gladness of the 'Hallelujah Chorus' was followed by a vote of thanks, proposed by the Hon. J. G. Jenkins, M.P. (Minister of Educa tion), seconded by the Hon. W. Copley (Com missioner of Crown Lands), and responded to by Mr. Justice Boucaut, and then all the speak ing was over. Mr. Copley raised a laugh by calling attention to the tact that all the speakers were substitutes. Mr. Justice Boucaut acted for the Governor, Mr. Jenkins appeared instead of the Premier, and he took the place of Sir Samuel Davenport. Three verses of the National Anthem having been vigorously rendered by the choir, the audience were left free to begin their peram bulation of the building, but the crowd was too great to do full justice to the numerous articles inviting attention. The Governor, accom panied by Sir John and Lady Bray, Sir Henry Ayers, Mr. T. Scherk, M.P., with the chairman and committee of the chamber, made a lengthy inspection of the trophies in the Eastern Annexe, and Mr. Justice Boucaut ex pressed great pleasure at the number and ? variety of the exhibits. During the latter part of the evening the orchestra — which has been specially trained for the Exhibition by Mr. C. J. Stevens with a view of inaugurating an Adelaide orchestra — gave two excellent selections in the main hall. The first was a gavotte in E minor by Silas, and the second the 'March of Nations,' by Asche. Considering that it is only eight weeks since Mr. Stevens began, to prepare -for the ceremony the orchestra showed a wonderful degree of proficiency. The conductor had not only to ;get suitable material together but he had to face many difficulties in order to procure music. The Melbourne Orchestra de clined to help, and Sydney promised but did not perform. In this dilemma many musi cal enthusiasts in Adelaide came to the assis tance of Mr. Stevens, and among others Mr. Chapman, one of the oldest members of the Adelaide Orchestra, supplied him with parts of one of Beethoven's symphonies, which is now in rehearsal and will be given shortly. Its production will be specially interesting, for hitherto no orchestra in Adelaide has ever attempted a symphony by this composer. During the currency of the Exhibition concerts will be given on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday evenings by the Adelaide Musical Association, the Orpheus Society, and the Adelaide Orchestra, so that there will be much of attraction pro vided by the committee beside the very unique, . varied, and ingenious collection of inventions and manufactures so plentifully arranged for inspection. .In the competitive section alone, there are 1,400 entries by more than a thousand distinct individuals, and in other, departments, the fourth and best exhibition of the chamber is thoroughly well patronised. THE ?SPEECHES. The Peesjdent of the Chamber of Manufac tures (Mr. J. J. Green) said :— Your Excel lency, ladies .and gentlemen — We are met to-night under the auspicesrof the^Cbamber of Manufactures to. inaugurate an Exhibition of : the industries of South Australia, and I may be permitted to say that we liave in this building and the eastern annexe examples of useful and , ornamental workmanship that upon ex amination will be pronounced highly credit-; able to those concerned, and gratifying to vis as a community. They bear the evidence of patient, induistiy, many of ingenuity and .originality, and not a few_ of artistic merit. In the mechanical exhibits we have many pleasing specimens. -of workmanship, and -, of. more thani ordinary skill This depart ment demands very special attention, and will repay; the most patient investigation. This Exhibition is a decided advance upon former efforts, and we are proud to realise the fact that a higher education .iis developing the faculties of our people both intellectually and mechanically, and judged by the many evidences around us bids fair to secure for us a position in the struggle for a higher civilisa tion. The emulation that has been provoked in the competitive sections has stimulated the efforts and inventiveness of an unusually large number of both sexes and in many divisions. The competitive exhibits number fully 1,400, among 1,005 competitors. The manufacturers' exhibits are interesting, varied, and useful On the one- hand we Bee many of our daily needs supplied by the enterprise and intelli gence of -our people, which for character and attractiveness can nold their own, and in the mechanical examples we have combined utility with special adaptation to our wants. The Chamber, your Excellency, is deeply grateful for the parttyou are taking on this interesting occasion. - ; . Tli,e following address was then read by the President of the chamber and _ presented to his Excellency : — 'To' his Excellency the Honorable James Perm Boucaut, the Administrator of the Government of the colony of South Australia and the dependencies thereof. — May it please your Excellency — We the chamber of manu factures desire to thank you for the honor con ferred - upon us by your presence on this occasion. for the purpose of opening to the public this : the fourth industrial exhibition promoted by our association. With a view to assist in the development of the industries of this province, the chamber has endeavored to gather witliin these buildings a representative collection of the mechanical and inventive genius of our artisans and. youths, together i with a display of artistic and useful work by j the women of South Australia, and it has also J been our aim to give prominence to the natural I products and manufactures of the colony. We .acknowledge our indebtedness to the Govern ment for the assistance they have given to this undertaking by instructing, their officers toi forward 5amples of natural productions 1 and also i £-f the manufactures imder I the control of the various depart- j ments, to (the municipalities who formed committees fco assist the -chamber in procurin-j a representative collection of exhibits, and to the exhibitors for their willing and hearty co operation. In addition to the sum devoted from the funds of the chamber for prizes a .special prize-list amounting, to £120 has been arranged, which comprises donations froiu a number of gentlemen, whose generosity we acknowledge, and to whom we tender our thanks. The awards will be distributed only among those exhibitors who show work per formed ' by ? themselves, the object being to encourage eiEforts to attain a high degree of- ? skill in thfe various 'industrial - occupations. . The prize-list of the exhibition is also divided -. into a number of classes in order that the .work of youths and apprentices may not be brought into-eompetition with that of more experienced workmen. Technical education and' manual traininghaslongbeenadvbcatedbythechamber, and it ispleasing to notice that these subjects ' are receiving a large amount of attention and . support from the educational authorities, and »e trust that the exhibition will materially assist in this direction, special consideration being given to originality, invention, workman ship, and utility in the various exhibits. By I the display i of trade processes, and dairying operations the chamber seeks to add an at tractive feature to the exhibition as well as profitable examples of modem economical i and Iabor-saving_ -a2]plianees. It ' will be a i source of- gratification to your Excellency ' to notice : the progress made and the success achieved in our manufactures during the last few years. As manu factures promote civilisation and assist in I utilising' the laboring power of a community I ! by the transformation of the raw material into j goods of a marketable character, it is desirable ! that those engaged in agricultural pursuits should not lose sight of the fact that then interests are closely identified with those of our manufacturers. In view of the anpioach ing federation of the Australian colonies the chamber recognises the necessity for earnest efforts beiiig made by all South Australians to » maintain a crditable position in the inevitable ! competition that must result from the intro- J duction of colonial free-trade. This will re quire a high degree of skill aud technical knowledge on the part of the workers, and much energy and enterprise from our roanu- i facturers. We desire to respectfully aeknoiv- j ledge the very ready and courteous manner in ; which you have complied with the chamber's request to open to the public this Industrial Exhibition, and we feel assured that the im- ! portant part which you are taking in this j evening's proceedings is a subject of general j gratification. We now beg your Excellency to declare this exhibition open to the public.' His Excellency, who was loudly cheered on rising, said — Mr. President, Mr. Vicepresi dent, ladies and gentlemen — When yoii, sir, in-sited me to attend this evening you will recollect that I expressed to you my very great regret that his Excellency the real Governor was not able to be present, for several reasons, some of which need not be mentioned an they are personal to myself, and partly because I thought a great national occasion like this should have been graced by the presence of his Excellency. I am sure no one would have had more pleasure than he in being among you this evening and helping to make the event a ffnocess. I am sorry also because, if I may say bo, this sort of thing is rather out of my line. (Laughter.) But when I see this magnificent address ; -when I recollect that long after I am gone some of my children will have the pleasure of reading the very kind things which you, sir, have been good enough tosay to me —words, I fear, far too good, and which I am afraid my youngsters will think bo too — (laughter) — I can only say I am glad to be present to- night to heat that I am such a very good fellow. (Laughter and hear, hear.) I nave been working very hard in the Supreme Court all day, and I have not had time to. go home arid concoct a speech, and even if I had had time to do so I don't think the present is the fitting time for a long speech. As far as the facts of this exhibition are concerned everybody knows about them. They have been in the papers for days past, and they have also been ably elucidated in the remarks which you, Mr. President, have just made. It would under the circumstances be cruel and unkind of me to attempt to keep yon from inspecting the grand assemblage of works of utility and beauty which surround you. On an occasion like this brevity is truly the soul of wit I may, however, be permitted to say that I congratulate most heartily you, and also this great assemblage, whose presence must be accepted as a recognition of the important work on which you are engaged, for no work could be more thoroughly useful and bene ficial to the colony than teaching our young people the dignity of labor and the advantages of being able to work and earn an honest living. That we are also cap able of producing workB of art is proved by that grand Song of Australia' to which we have just listened, and. which, in spite of deprecia tory remarks of some foreign critics, always fetches me. (Hear, hear.) I congratulate you and this assemblage on having a committee, which has done such good and successful work, andlmayadd— andlamrathera-oonnoissenriii these things — that . I have never seen a more splendidly executed address than this which you bave placed in my hands. 1 have great pleasure in declaring this exhibition op3n, (Cheers.) The Ministeb of Edtjoation {Hon. J. Gr. Jenkins), in proposing a vote of thanks to his Excellency the Administrator for his kindness-, in opening the Exhibition, apologised for the absence of the Premier (the Hon. Thos. Play ford). In his Excellency the people of- Ade^ laide had, combinedj three leading members of. the community— they had the Governor, the acting-Chief Justice, and one of the ablest judges of the Supreme Court. (Cheers.) They had in the Administrator a gentleman who was performing the duties of three of our leading representative men, and notwithstand ing all this they must admit, that he bore up under the strain imposed upon him exceedingly well, and carried out these duties with credit alike to himself and to the colony. (CHeers.) He would jnst like to say one word with refer ence^ a remark which had been made by the president of the. Chamber of Manufactures as to the good which an exhibition of this nature Tvould effect in the colony. Federation was bound to comej and if our mechanics were educated to. a high standard, and our workmen could compete with those of any other colony or part of the world, we had little to fear from the competition of the other colonies of Aus tralia. (Cheers.) Exhibitions like this -were matters' of national importance. From the educational: point of view to which his Excel lency had referred, he would remark upon the desirability of educating the young men of the colony so that they would recognise that honest labor was no disgrace, but on the contrary was just as honorable as using the mind or the pen. (Cheers;) An exhibition of this description tended to advance the cause of technical educa- - tion, : smd it only remained for those-who be lieved in its usefulness to mute with those who had been advocating, measures.- embodying it, by furnishing ihe necessary, cash, to. have tiat ^ idea speedily carried into, practical effect. Ha moved- a hearty vote of thanks to his Excel lency, and hoped that the -Exhibition would ? furnish a useful lesson to those who visited it. , , (Loud, cheers.). The Commissioner of Ceown Lands (Hon. ' W. Copley), in seconding the motion, said.that he felt ne was in rather, a remarkable' position that evening, being one of the three (including - his Excellency -the Administrator) who were there in the . position, of apologists-, and . substitutes for other people He. had -for ?his own part to apologise for the absence of Sir Samuel Davenport, that old veteran colonist who had : encouraged: and ,5 fostered in every way so many of our industries — (cheers) — but who was .not able to take that part in the proceedings -which had - been assigned to him. At present he was in the ..somewhat undefined position -of being ?'' neither a public man nor a .privatevone— - . neither flesh, fish,, fowlj jaor. good red herring. — (laughter) — and therefore it had been thought .. advisable that he should not participate in the ceremonial of the evening, as had at first been - ; determined. Personally it gave him verygreat- ? pleasure to take his humble ^arturtheopen ing of this Industrial Exhibition. (Hear, hear.) He was quite aware of the many edu cational advantages which an exhibition of ; this description presented to the young of the colony. He knew as one of the large class of producers of the colony how much they owed to the inventive genius - of our artisans. Our manufacturers had. no equals in preparing the implements required for agricultural pur suits in this country. Who would have thought 10 years' ago that we would be ex porting locomotives from . .South Australia? (Hear, hear,) These successes should stimu late us to higher hopes. The objects of the Exhibition were wdl known to all, and he joined in thankhig-his Excellency for opsning the Exhibition. (Cheers.) His ExceIjTjenct acknowledged the vote of thanks in a few suitable words. 