NIL DESPERANDUM. (To the Editor.) gut, — It ia not often that 1 soek favors in tho shapo of spice, in fact I have nov?r troubled you beforo ; but I cravo your in dulgence for once. I, aa a freotrador, can not sit by and ailnw a lot of protectionist humbug to bo quietly poked down the nock of tho public, as Mr. J. Hilton is endeavour imj to do, backed up by the little protec tionist squibs fired oil' by tho Mercury in al most ovory issue, re. muster printers, otc. In this respect the Mercury reminds mo of t|io boy who went to pchoul onveloped in a large new overcoat, when his school mates exclaimed 'come out of it ; co you think we can't seo yon?' Now thia is just what free traders might very aptly say to the Mercury. Although Mr. Hilton ha3 utterly failed to put forth any argument in favor of this grout delusivo policy, it is not hard to re cognise that what ho is trying to do is to show that protection is nut a delusion, in stead of which, he has fairly well auecocded in a lot of word painting and sentimental wanderim;. - It might woll be called wan dering, for in his last effusion he seems to havo got terribly mixed up with protection and State socialism, two opposing elements, and thon floundered on the subject of an income tux. Protectionists seem to havo got an idea that frectrade is so near dead lhat it. only requires a few gentle kicks, such as Mr. Hilton is ondenvouring to administer, to finish it oil'. ''But beware how you tread on his tail.' I freely admit that freetraders havo been ' fooled.' If they hud been alive to thi'ir interests, they would never have allowed themselves to bo handled by the enomy in the way that they wore at the Inst genoral election, in the Federation and Libor questions. Freetraders should have known that protectionists would take ad vantage of the situation. And they should have demanded of both fedorationists and labor electors that only freetraders be put forth in either interest, otherwise withhold their support from them. And tho point could have been gained, for no freetrader need have stultified himself ; he could bo a freetrader and federationist or labor ad vocate at tho same time. And frcetrade was sufficiently strong to justify the stand. But protectionists — kuowing this — in- geniously raised the cry ' Siok the fiscal issue,' until — when ? Now you can doe — until the Freetrade Government is removed. Aud now Mr. Dibbs has the audacity to toll his constituents and the country that there were sevonteeu more protoctionists returned at the last general ejection than previously held seats, and thereby justifies himself and his colleagues in changing the policy. Mr. Dibbs can only be justified in his esti mate of the strength of protection in the House, by calculating upon the defection of those who have sunk the fiscal issue. Note another of that gentleman's justifica tions for changing the policy. He says we have no money, aud begins by manufactur ing a ' deficit ghost ' again (let us hope he will not leave us a real one as a did before). He soys our credit has deteriorated, and we muBt, by a. system of helping ourselves, es tablish a better feeling of confidence in the mini of the English money-lender. This system of ' helping ourselves,' is to moan a taxing of tho necessaries of life, to raise revenuo for the purpose of carrying out un productive works. Or, in plain English, change the policy to one of protection, and the English money-lender will be prepared to do business. Now, will Mr. Hilton place this argument of his chief side by side with the undisputed fact that our credit, bad as it is at present, is infiuitely belter than auy of our protectionist neighbors, who have already adopted thispepularprinciple of help ing themselves. Then Mr. Dibbs also said at Wagga the other day, that for want of a sjstem of raising revenue, meauing pro tection, we were borrowing too freely. And yet Victoria, with hor protection, has bor rowed during thelastthreeyearsiiO, 000, 000 ; just £1,000,000 more than freetrade New South Wales. And Victoria is about to placo another loan of £0,000,000 upon the market ' at an increased rate of interest.' Th's speaks well for protection, does it not ? Now, Sir, my intention in writiug is not to enter into any newspapor controversy with Mr. Hilton, but seeing that that gentleman was all last week floundering about beating the air, 1 thought I would give him some thing to knock his knuckles again. If pro tection is such a blessing, why do not those who espouse that cause show us some prac tical results of its good work. If there is a placo in the world where such good results should accrue, that place is Victoria, sit uated as it is next door to a free port, open to all its surplus production. Add exper ience teaches na that following protection comes surplus production. Then, if Vic toria has f.iiled to produce good results under the favorable conditions I have pointed out, what show would she have had if our port had bten closed to her, or what prospect have we if we adopt such a policy and create this surplus, for it is evident that as soon as the State takes any industry under its wing and offers premiums, as it were, there is naturally a rush of investors into that particular industry, with tho re sult that it is overdone. Certainly work is found in the meantime for the masses, but for how long '! Very soon this artificial market becomes glutted and a reaction Bets in, leaving the lost state of the peopleworse than the first. History has proved this to be the caso in every protected nation. This surplus must bo disposed of, and if a free port canuot be found, as Victoria ha3 always hid, you must dispose of it in one that is restricted, and thon come into competition with those very people that protectionists make such a noise about — the pauper labor of the older countries. In support of this fact I have oDly to draw Mr. Hilton's at tention to ono or two circumstances. When tho Queensland shearers were out on strike a short timo ago, Viotoria was able to sup ply thoir places VBry quickly from the ranks of hor unemployed. Also, when the great atriko took place some thirteeu months ago, Victoria was in a position to supply herself with free laborers just as well as New South Wales, notwithstanding her system of con stant employment by this wise method of protection. And why 1 Bocause the re ac'ion I speak of is already set in, there is already a surplus production, and they stand in mortal dread that this market Is going to be closed on them, and then the whole gamo would be exposed j either work for less money in order to compete, or shut up. J do not for ono moment say that freetrade is any greater factor in providing employ ment than protection ; but I do say that we should not be called upon to pay in creased prices for tho necessaries of life, when by so doing wo havo nothing to gain. Now Mr. Dibbs (and 1 suppose ho is an authority) admitted the other day at Wagga just what freetraders all along havo wanted protoctionists to admit ; that is, that pro tection makes things dearer. lie (Mr. Bibbs) said wo must bo propared to put our hands into our poeketB to provide revenue. Now what does this mean ?. That a pro f«Qtive duty miist be put on, and thopoople must be prepared to pay increased prices'. There can be no misconstruing that. And if it wero right-, B8 i8 contended, to protect certain iudustrios, why should tho publio at largo bo called upon to pay for nursing them' or why should tho whole army of Civil Sorvante (and thoro are thousands), lorrymon, bricklayers, Btonomasons, quarry men, ongineors, sailors, wharf-laborers, storekeepers, miners, policemen, navvies, and thousands more, bo compelled to pay incrnased rates for all necessaries, simply to protect a few, or rathor to put wealth into the pockets of a fow manufacturers. Now if anything more ia needed to show tho fallacy of this restrictionist question, I have only to point to a gross inconsistency being practised at present by some of tho leaders of that party, a lot of whom are federation ists. These men stand up and in a loud voice demand protection for tho New South Wales farmer. Tho very next day th:y a' e found advocating Federation, Intercolonial Freetrade, and Protection against tho out sido world. Against whom, and what, do theso people wish to protect our farmers ? Simply against tho adjoining colonies and their surplus production. Then, if we aro to have Intercolonial Freelrado, what is the uso of talking about protecting bur farmers? To me it is like giving a hungry man a saveloy with a brick in it. Now, Sir, I think I have trespassod vory considerably upon your space. 1 havo al ready said 1 havo no intention of entering into a newspaper controversy with Mr. Hilton or anyone else ; I, havo no timo to devote to such an object, ' My only reason for troubling you was to try and draw the attention of freetraders to what is goiug on around them, in the hope, that wo shall, as soon as opportunity presents itsolf, show that if wo are going to be beaten, it will be upon our morits only. I sincerely hope that last Saturday's election in East Sydney will bo a warning to all freetraders, but that they will not lose heart. 'Twas restriction's day out, our turn next. S. A. COPE. Bulli, November 10, 1801. 