HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1S42, the gool ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol Eng land, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse oa the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there. and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Fire minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit! "You are beyond human aid." Those words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so! No; for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, ISSO, she was greatly salrmed by her symptoms. Ifer heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her heae whirled "and," she said, all objects seemed to go into a cloud!" She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful couch racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about the house." she says, "I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines withont avail- I went to the Dispensary at New Brimgate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst His answer was. I have mixed yon some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave it up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, You are past humau aid' ,'My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin asa ghost! My mother came to see me and di not know me. My skin was af agreen and yellow color, end when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds. (where I live). had been cured by !!other Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jeeson's, the Chemis, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crst and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast gettinmy strength back. I am now (April. 1890), in better health than ever before in my life "I should have taken Mother Seicel's Crative Syrup sooner. but my husband was out of work and we had only a riflecoming in from his club, but I thank. God I did get it at last. and it canred me had off as I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related. and I will reply to any letters of inquiry." (Signed). Mrs. Ann Mills. 40, Bread Street, York Road. Leeds. This was a c. ase of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had effected the nervous system. A few months or possibly: weeks more; and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what -Mother Seigel's Curative Syrap had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 