WV .RITTEN IN RED; On, . THE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE.* A STORY OF BOST&S;'. BT Cuss. MONTaOUE AND C. W. DYAn: CHAPTER I.-Fouo?D.DEAD. .The private office of North and- Stackhouse, State street bankers and brokers, contained on the. morning of Friday, 16th June, 1SS7, a roup of anxious and excited men, whose con. crsation plainly indicated that their uneasiness was caused by the continued and unexplained absence of Paul North, the senior partner. In State street circles, North and Stackhouse were classed among the " plungers." For the first two years of the firm's existence, indeed, there hal been but slight departure front the conservative policy followed by Mr. North, who, when in the brokerage business on his own account, had been content with a modest office in a comparatively quiet street leading eastward from Post.office square. But under the lead of Mr. Stackhouse-an energetic man of forty, ten years his partner's junior-banking had been added to brokerage, and the 1irm had become known as the pro moter of many daring enterprises. Nicaragua Midland was a specialty with North and Stackhouse. In season and out of eason, Nicaragua Midland had been" boomed" with a persistency that caused some of the older magnates of " the street" to shake their heads omanously, but which had attracted, neverthe. less, the admiration and co-operation of a mul titude of people. Not all who invested their earnings under the advice of North and Stackhouse had, it is true, found the venture profitable. But for the most part the losers had eorne their ill-fortune manfully, without complain ing. Few angry outbursts from disappointed patrons had disturbed the opilimistic hopes of the bright-eyed speculators, who month after month had made the rooms of these State street bankers and brokers their favourite liaunts. Twelve Jays pr-vious to. this June morning inld18e17, lhower, a curious letter in ane un known hand had been laid on Mr. North's desk. The writing was an odd' sort of scrawl, uncertain in it. lines, but legible enough. This was the missive: -"My Dear Sir,-I am a desperate man, ruined by your manipulations of the property entrusted to your hands. I must have money enough to begin life again. I only ask for a little back out of all you robbed me or, but that little I'must have. There is only one thing for you to do. Draw a cheque for one thousand dol lars, payable to bearer, and enclose it, addressed to me, at the post-office, Boston. If you fail in this. Iswear to shoot you down as I would a mad dog. If you are wise, you will not refer this matter to the police. That act would be your death-warrant.-DANIEL STICicEY." Paul North, to whom personally this threaten ing letter was addressed, had consulted his partner in some little uneasiness of mind. "It's all nonsense," Mr. Stackhouse had said confidently. " A mere practical joke of some broker who wants to frighten you. A few of them were nipped in the last turn of the market in our favour, you know, and perhaps the hold North and Steckhouse responsible. But if the matter disturbs you at all, why turn the letter over to the police. They'll attend to it. We must look after Nicaragua Midland very sharply this week, North, and have no time to bother our heads about trifles." Nevertheless, Mr. North had troubled him. self about the matter sufflliciently to put the letter. into the hands of Inspector Applebee for such action as seemed proper. Upon the advice of that quietly efficient per sonage, a decoy letter had been written by Mr. North, enclosing a cheque for 1,000dol., payable to beater. An oflicer in citizen's clothes had been sta tioned on duty constantly at the post-office, but o n Daniel Stickney had called for the letter addressed to his name. As a precaution against any possible over sight, payment of the cheque had been stolpped atthle bank, a precaution which, thus far, had proved equally useless. "Just as I told you," Stackhouse had said to his partner after a few days. "A broker's practical joke." The letter soon passed out of mind, for busi ness cares weighed heavily on both partners. What had long been feared had taken place. The market had become very " bearish." All stocks felt the mysterious influence of de pression, and among the very first to fall was Nicaragua Midland. So absorbed and anxious had Mr. North become that he could talk and think of little ex. cept the market and its prospects. - Was idlt altogether on the subject of Nicaragua Miidland that he had held conference late in the afternoon of the 15th of June, with one of the chief itvestors, though not a director in the Nicaragua Midland--Mr. Richard Fetridge ? Whether or not, the interview had not been finished at the office; for the two men had been seen to walk away together, still talking earnestly. Old Jobson, the veteran clerk of the firm, had looked after them as they passed up the street. "It's a tight time for North pnd Stack house," he had said to himself, shaking his head. "If things don't take an. upward turn very soon, I'm afraid to-morrow's meeting of Nicaragua directors will do precious little good i" The junior partner had left the office hours before, outwardly calm. Whatever his fore bodings may have been, Thornton Stackhouse was not the man to allow his troubles to show themselves in look or manner. Paul North was the father-in-law of his busi ness associate, and Thornton Stackhouse made his home in summer time at Mr. North's spacious villa at S vampscott, from whose broad windows the occupants enjoyed an ex hilarating prospect of the sail- flecked ocean. At ten o'clock in the morning of this Friday, the 16th of June, the directors of Nicaragua Midland had assembled, pursuant to call, in the office of North and Stackhouse. Half an hour later every face wore a look of anxious expec tation. "I don't understand it at all," exclaimed Stackhouse, nervously walking up and down. "North Is the most punctual of men, as you all know. He must be ill." "Ill!" echoed one of the directors. " Wasn't North all right when you left him at Swamp. soott this morning ?" Mr. Stackhouse waved his hand impatiently. "I didn't go down to the shore last night," he returned, shortly. "Stayed in town with a friend. I left North here in this office about three o'clock in the afternoon, and haven't laid eyes on him sinced !" " Why don't you telegraph to his house ?" asked a little man near the door. " It's strange hehadan't sent some word himse'f before this time. But I suppose he's ill, and his doaugh.: ts are so worried about him that they have \- 'Published by special arrangement with Mesrs. \- Cassel. forgotten to send. Justlikewomeu !" thetesty little bachelor added. .The suggestion was acted upon instantly. After an interminable delay a response came, evoking a simultaneous murmur of dismay and the interchange of apprehensive looks. \- Sseae''Torr, June 16. "Mr. Northi must have stayed in town. He has not been here since yesterday morling. . uu q N s.-q " CormooI s THAswOeoe." "!'Strange !' ejaculate1-Staekhlouse, ringing the bell ashe spoke. "Send Mr. Jobson in," he added, the next moment, to the waiting messenger. The old clerk was in the room before the messenger had left it, trembling all over with senile agitation, "At what time did Mr. North leave the office yesterday afternoon ?" Stackhouse demanded, abruptly. " It was after five o'clock, sir." " IWas he alone s" "No, sir. Mr. Fetridge was with him." "Probably went out of town somewhere with Fetridge," suggested one of the directors. "Delayed-missed a train. Very provoking! On this day, too, of all othezs ! Butsend round to Fetridge's office and see if he has been heard from." Unasked, the old clerk took upon himself the duty of messenger, and the party anxiously awaited his return. But one question and answer were interchanged meanwhile. " Has Nicaragua been quoted to-day, Stack housot" the little old bachelor queried. " Yes.' Offered at 9. No takers. Off a point already, you.see." . The sound of footsteps and voices in the outer oflicdannounced to the anxious ear of Stack house the coming of Mr. Fetridge himself. The broker stepped forward. , \Well?" It was evident at first sight that the new comer was unduly agitated. He was astalwart, hand some fellow, certainly not beyond thirty years of age. " I cannot imagine where North is any more than you," he exchlimed, without waiting for question. "I walked up the street with him yesterday afternoon, after a talk in his office." "Where did you leave him " Fetridge flushed and seemed considering a reply. All eyes were turned on him. '' pl don't knoow the exact point," he said, at last. "At the corner of State and Washington streets, 7 think it was." ,?Stackhouse, who was very nervous and more affected than the occasion seemed to require, stared at Fetridge blaukly, as if utterly ata loss to account for his confusion. "His town house is closed for the summer," he-suggested, his eyes still on Fetridge's face. "He must have gone to some hotel." "Send a muessenger to make the, rounds!" excitedly demanded the little bacheler. Richard Fetridge seemed to find the situation unaccountably embarrassing. He had no advice to offer. Stackhouse particularly appeared to disconcert him. Murmuring something about having left a man waiting for him at his office, and that.he presumed North would be found speedily, he hastened out and betook himself in. the direction of his place of business. The necessity of haste in his return, however, seemed to become less obvious to him after he reached the open air. He stood stock still with his foot upon the flight of stairs leadingto his office, and then, under the stress of a sudden thought, wheeled abruptly and walked energetically back up the street. In five minutes he was in police headquarters at Pemborton square, inquiring anxiously of the official to whom the clerk referred him whether any notification of the disappearance of Paul North had been sent to him. The official pro. fessed ignorance of the matter. 1h" When was he last seen, sir ?" "Yesterday afternoon about five o'clock, going up State street from his office," Fetridge rejoined, avoiding fu tier detail. And hastened to add: "He has a town house at-Marlboro street, you know. Perhaps it isn't my place to suggest it. but don't the police in such cases have authority to enter a man's premises Fetridge hesitated. The official observedhim narrowly, wondering, no doubt, why he was so obviously agitated. "Undoubtedly; if his friends desired it, and had any reason to believe that there was any thing the matter, the police would enter the house." Fetridge thereupon urged the official to obtain permission from Thornton Stackhouse to make a search of the premises. He was unable to giveany direct reason, and unwilling to put into words any definite suspicion, but he showed by his conduct that he had both. Eventually a messenger was despatched in search of Stackhouse, who thereupon responded in person. HI seemed a little surprised to see Fetridge, and the official noted that there-was a coustrainednesti and a lack. of cordiqli'ty between the two men. Their opinions, T';w ever, coincided upon the matter in question. " By all means," said Stackhouse, "search the house in Marlboro street. It is my resi dence as well as North's, and I authorise you -if the men sent are discreet and trust. worthy." The official arose. " Then I will send word at once by telephone to Station 4. You don't happen to have a key to the house about you t" " Why, no," returned the partner. " My keys are in my wife's care at Swampsacott, or I should lave gone to the house myself." The message was sent, and while the police of the 4th division were acting in accordance therewith, Stackhouso and Fetridge sat waiting at hoeadquerters, the quiet broken only by the scratching of the busy pen of a clerk. No. - Marlborostreet was a broad, brown house, the counterpart of half a hundred other dwellings within a stone's throw of Paul North's town residence. As the sergeant and patrolman of the 4-th division neared the place they observed the outer door at the entrance. and saw that all the windbws in the basement and first storey were barred or shuttered. Curtains, closely drawn, lent a cheerless and deserted appearance to the windows above. "' And yet," remarked the sergeant, as he went up the steps, " somebody has been here. The outer door is open ; the vestibule door un. lorkea." It was indeed true, and led at once to the conclusion that Paul North was within. The officer rang the bell. But though the summons was repeated again and again it awoke no responsive life inside the walls of the darkened, echoing house. The sergeant calmuly came to the conclusion that an entrance must be forced, and after a brief inspection of the promises, sent Johnson, the officer, in quest of a ladder. The ladder was obtained from the nearest depository of the fire department. and the officers were soon in the rear of Paul North's residence. It took but a minute to open the door of the yard. In another minute the ladder rested against a brick wall, and Officer Johnson, with a curious piece of flexible steel in his grasp, had pushed back the lock of a curtained window ii the second story. " A bedroom," said the sergeant, pollng up the certain with some difficulty, when they were bothl inside ; " bed untouched, however. Door open into that dark room in front. Other door open-to thecorridor, no doubt." The sergeant led tihe way through adoor diagonally opposite the window by which they had gained e trance. It was the corridor, as he had expected. He set out methodically to peer into the rooms as he went along, but he met with an obstacle at the very outset. At the head of the broad front staircase the door refused to yield to his pressure beyond a limited degree. Officer Johnson was about to push the dipor vigorously when he :was stopped by a warning gesture from his superior. As the patrolman stepped hack the sergeant, pressing ogainet the door as lightly as possible, mninsiuated his way into the drnvieited room. A half.-stitled cry brought his subordinate to his side. " Don't move it! Don't touch it!" whis. p erec ihe sergeant, iutting an admository hand as the officer's shoulder. It was by no means-horror which inspired his utterance. Both men looked down upon a figure, lying with outstretched, clutching lnds, close against the door. With the caution of experience the sergeant bent down, and placed his hand over the heart. "Dead!" he said in a moment, half to him self, half to his companion, and straiglhtesed up without losing his composure. Officer Johnson, nlew to the force and to this kiind of explerience, by no means preserved his presence of mind in the emergecy, and held fast to the sergeant. The room, seen through the twilighlt, had a weird, unesnny look; the tables, enswathed in their coverings, seemed coffin shaped, and the chandelier, in its shroud of brown holland, might have been a ghost pointing down to the inanimate figure on the floor. "What's that on the wall by the dloorP " whispered Officer Johnson, pointing with shak ingo ger. - The sergeant had osened the window almost before his companion had finished the esneutence. I' lthe -glare of the sudden instreaming sun. light on the tinted wall, low down, near the doerby which the body lay, was a scrawl in dull red. " Stockhart-Stacekh ess-Steckheuj" -" Thus thea sergeant, as.tbhey both stared with all their eyes. . "TLnre's a- 'Stack, or 'Stock,' written there," said the officer, positively. "WThat ever the rest may mean, that much is certain." He was still gazing at the .nessage when he received a peremptory order to proceed to the station and notify the authorities. "For there's a hue an! cry coming out of this thing, or I'm no prophet," the sergeant said. And as he waited for the coming of his as sociates the sergeant looked down thought fully at the silent figure. What an uproar and commotion in the community would follow this discovery, so quietly made in the nt chamber! The sergeant was philosopher enough in his way to think of this and to mutter to himself as he kept his lonely watch "Within twenty-four hours, for all you lie there so silent and utter no sound, the thoughts and conjectures of a million peop e will centre about you, and Heaven knows how many lives and loves you will make and break before you are through with them!": ~.. The sergeant was 9uite right. Tho'd of a dead man may have a tremendous power to threaten and control, and Paul North dead might work more mischief still than Paul North living. CHAPTER II.-A PrEnFUsE-AS OF A WoruAN. Philosophically reflecting, Sergeant Parr con tinued, nevertheless, a careful scrutiny of the apartment. It was beyond a doubt a library, for the backb of books showed behind the sheets that covered certain articles of furniture of large bulk. The adjoining room was in all probability the sleeping chamber of the master of the house. A casual inspection satisfied the oflicer that the bed had not been occupied since it was last made up. But there was something more important still in the sergeant's estimation to be ascer tained, and on that he nad ample time to reach a settled conviction. It was evident at first sight that the matt on the floor had come to his death by reason of a bullet wound. If his own hand liad been responsible for the deed, the suicidal weapon must be somewhere about. And as a careful search failed to reveal any trace of such a weapon, the sergeant had made up his mind long previous to the arrival of the investigating party that the case was a very serious one and involved at the outset a deep mystery. The scene soon changed. The room gradually filled with alert and dignified men, whose profession made their attendance at such times a matterof too frequent occurrence to permit of their exhibiting anyt other senti. ient in the presence of the grum witness of violent death than a keen and speculative busi ness interest. In the vestibule below two oflicerswere stationea to challenge everybody who attempted to enter the house. Already in front of the building, eo quickly and mysteriously does evil news disseminate itself, was gathered a throng which stared with fascinated horror at the upper windows and at every fresh ingoer and outcomner. Sergt. Parr had long since recognised In spector Applebee, and had whispered in his ear that it was going to be a " big case." " So ?" said the inspector, lifting his eye brows and half smiling. A moment later he was grave and apparently unconcerned. Dr. Jarrett, the medical examiner for the die. trict in which the body was found, came to the scene in a carriage. Till he arrived nothing was done. The State imposes upon the judg mont and good sense of these oflicials grave re. ponsibilities. In three minutes after his horse stopped in front of the house, Dr. Jarrett was at work examining, questioning, weighing the evidences in his own mind. The casual observer would have looked in vain amongst those quiet officialsfor theinevit able reporter. Evidently the newspaper man was barred out ! Not at all. The public who look for a notebook, and expect to aind in such circumstances a meddlesome young man writ ing with ghoul-like activity, would never have suspected the short, thick-set, black-haired, gentlemanly young man who talked to each person present in an easy way, which showed that he was personally acquainted with every one. Instead of flourishing a note book-the insignia of the property of the reporter of the theatre, and of the begimners in the profession -this man had no better use for his hands than a mechanical fondling of the pendant to his watch chain -a trick which in some mysterious manner seemed to help him to think. Al though he was young, his experiencein criminal affairs, combined with his natural ability, had made his sagacity equal to that of anybody present, while his trustworthiness and re liability enabled him to be oftentimes in im portant cases a confidant of the authorities. This was Kingman F. Thomas, of the lost,nm Globe. The medical examiner arose from a brief inspection of the body, which was already identifled as that. of Paul North, the State Si tw?Lnanuter.' -Tverybody..lboork 'at.him vecriousely, but his imperturbable face told -no tales. "' Nothing has been distu'ebed ?" he asked of the sergeant. . " We knew our business, sir. Everything is exactly as we found it." " Ah !" No more and no less, came in a matter-of-fact tone from the medical examiner's lips. " Well, doctor," said tr. Thomas, " how is it '" " I shall perform an autopsy." This was said iquietly. The medical ex aminer refrained from advancing his opinion at this stage, but Thomas understood that the determination to perform an autopsy in dicated serious suspicion on the physician's part. There was a tremuldous touch on his shoulder, and he turned to meet the eyes of a man whom he did not know. " What-what is that writing on the wall down there by the door ?" asked a shaking voice. "This is a friend of the family, doctor," interposed Inspector Applebee, by way of accounting for this unfamiliar presence here. " He was Mr. North's partner. Naturally he is very cmuch overcome." In tones that were a trifle steadier, Mr. Stackhouse repeated his question. Bending down to seek an answer himself, lie started back, and would have fallen but for the opportune aid of the newspaper man. "A horrible sight! I cannot look at it," hie muttered, putting his hand over his eyes. " Tell me what you snake it out ."' A glance of intelligence passed between the inspector and the sergeant. Each divined per. fectly what had brought such a shock to the mind of Paul North's partner. Each under stood fully the man's unspoken fear. Meanwhile Dr. Jarrett, applying certain mysterioustests, seemed more intent upon de termining the medium of this strange message than the message itself. " Vritten in blood," he said, eventually, looking steadily at Stakhlouse; " and the .condition of the forefluger of the right hand seems to indicate that the dead man wrote it." Htoe pausedand Stackhouse sank into a chair. " But, what odds? The writing will endure, genstlemen. We have other things to do." He gave the inspector a moeansig look and resumed his work. Thomas lost not a detail of thin scene. But now, with inspector Anplelheo as his close companion, the library asd the adjoinu ing room were exasmined minutely. The room had been used very recently. Regarding that point, there sas no possibility of doubt. Chairs had been moved from theiraccustomed places. On the opeueddesk, which Mr. Stack house at once identified as his partner's, stood, amid a heap of tumbled papers, a drop light. Near by, a burnt match. Obviously the windows had not beer touched. The adjoining room, vouchled for as Paul North's chamber by his partner,'soon re covering his self-cnstrol, bore no traces of occupancy. As the door was open be tween it and the library, it was plain that the master of the house must have passel thiough the room. He had not slept there, for the bed's surface was uiruflled, and not a fold of the pillown halied been disturbed. " One thinig is evident." said Thomas. "This mau was not killed for money. I saw tUe doctor take a well- filled pocket-book from his pierson, and not a thisgin the house aIspears to Iiave been disturbed." A call from Dr. Jarrett summoned the two men back luIto the chamber of death. "You had better look for the l?'let, gentle. msen," he said, quietly. "It is evident that it went clear through hint, aud it is surely no where ahsout his clothinsg." ItInstntly everbody was examining the reom, thie furniiture, the walls, the carpet. Iiut, for some tine, it dappeared that the ball had been spirited away as myasteriously as the fatal wespnn fr~rom which it lied been fired. "]iallo:" exclaimned Thomas, suddenly as he poiased to the wall, " lwhat's that up there above that picture ?" Thomus was pointing to a slight protublerance in thie surface of the wall, directly opposite the bay window, inear the ceiling. "What, that ?" exclaimed the inspector. 'Isspsssibe ! It is quielo ten feet away from " But it's a bullet, none the less," said Thomhas, whso had rilready mounted on a chair aind begun to ascertain the distance of the puncture above the carpet. - " You are right; inspeeeor," he sid. " It is nine feet "slovei insehe3 from the dfoor, and is driven in disgoslly, as if-ithadbenndred'from tile cornier of thie hay crindow over there near thi writing desk.." " I can't understand that at all," said the inspector. " It must have been deflected in its course somehow to have got there. The man was evidently shot in the breast. IIis clothes hi front are simply one mass of blood. Ah! I see. There was more than one shot fired. This a stray ball." The house was searched from top to bottom. Nowhere was any trace of intrusion. " If Mr. North slept hero at all last night," said the inspector, " it must have been in his chair in his library." Dr. Jarrett assented. Sergeant Parr, who had been notified from the fourth division that he need no longer remain on duty in the place, willingly volunteered to take, as he went out, a message to the captain in charge of the division. "I have sent for an ambulance," Dr. Jarret explained to the group that ;surrounded him in Paul North's chamber. "The body will be taken to the morgue, and I will hold an autopsy at once. As Mr. North's partner is here, I will waive the usual for. malities and state beforehand that there is little doubt that an inquest will take place, though I would ask reporters not to make any such direct announcement." Mr. Stackhouse bowed. "I quite understand, sir," he said, "and whatevertestimony I can give I shall offermost willingly. But now I fool that I should take the terrible news to the family-my wife, you know, was Mr. North's daughter. As Mr. Stackhouso went his way up the shady side of Marlboro Street, an initiated observer would hardly have failed to note that another man followed in his wake upon the opposite pavement. 'he quiet reporter meanwhile had busied himself in making a diagram of the second storey of the North house, which appeared the next morning in his paper. Thomas sat cross-legged on one of the chairs in the unoccupied chamber through which the oflicers had originally entered, making a rough sketch on the back of an envelope with a stubby pencil, when he was slightly startled by the unexpected presence of a man at his elbow. "Well, Thomas?" "Ali, inspector." "flow does it look to you ?" "Queer." "What are you going to say about it?" "That it's a dead imystery-unless we make sone unexpected discovery in the next half hour." " Well, maybe you're right. Maybe." "It's no suicide," said Thomas, affably; " that's plain enough. And as there has been no robbery, it doesn't appear as yet why he should have been killed." "No?" "Blut of course you have your theory?" " When it comes to a matter of theories," returlned Applebee, mischievously, "a plain policeman like myself can't hold a candle to you newspaper fellows." "I see, you don't intend to answer ques. tions," said Thomas. "I suppose I may state that the police are already on the track of. the murderer, and that important arrests are momentarily expected ?" "State what you please. You will, any way," the inspector retuiored, with a slight frown. " No, I didn't come to answer questions, as you say. I came to ask them." "DBtter than nothing. What are they ?" " In the first place, did you know K North ?" "Just to the sameo extent that I know hun. dreds of men. I have seen him, talked with him-you know how and where." "In the line of your work, you mean?" "Exactly. He was what I call a professional acquaintance. When we metin a crowd I saw North, the wealthy broker, but he saw only the crowd. Poor follow! with all his resources he couldn't stop that bullet. Meantime, nobody thinks it worth while to shoot simple K. F. Thomas." "Well, I doubt that, too. I've heard the pronosition seriously discussed at headquarters. Jokug aside, what does rumour say about North's private life Was he still young in spite of hi, fifty.years, or was he one of your quiet stuy.at.homes?" ' " So far as rumour reached me, he was a business man and. nothing else. Anybody that ever saw Paul North, it seems to me, would say that he was too much engrossed in his life-long chase of the almighty dollar to have time for follies." "Then, as to his family ?'' "They tell me lie has two daughters, both beauties. I never saw them, however. His wife, I believe, is dead." " How did he stand in financial circles?" Thomas uttered a contemptuous laugh. "North and Stackhouse? Ask any broker." "Bad!" I " Better put it that they showed too much enterprise to please conservative business men. That. a.b os chaitrible- construction I can "You didn't invest anything in their rail. road, did you, ThomasP'" the inspector asked, quizzically. "Did IT No, sir. I'm not Jay Gould, and, if I had been, I should have known enough to have kept out of Nicaragua Midland. That was a fraud, inspector; one of those frauds you can suspect, but never prove; one of the numerous 'suppressed' stories kept on file in a newspaper office; one of the truths you can't print because it would libel some high-toned rascal whom the law is framed to protect !" "Humph! You have not a very high opinion of North and Stackhouse?" Thomas shrugged his shoulders. "Socially, they're gentlemen. Men who handle millions can never come down to the level of common thieves." " They must be, then, enormously rich?" " On the contrary, they are regarded as ex trenely shaky." "So? And what have they clone with these millions?". "Got caught in their own trap. An unex pected teist in the market burnt their hands aft. Oh, it's all the same in stocks. You can think yourself over so clever-but i'm talking too much, inspector. I am saying things on my mere surmises that no newspaper would dare to print. Still, you wanted my opinion, and you have it. It will be of no use, I sup pose, to ask yours in return ?"1 Thomas gave Applebee a keen look, under the influence of which the inspector moment. tarily closed his eyes, as if afraid that the re porter might surprise his thoughts there. "Some clients of North and Stackhouso have no very pleasant feelings towards them, I pre sume, on account of this Nicaragua scheme?" he adroitly queried, as if to change the subject. It was idroit for that reason. While appear. ing to avoid a direct answer, lihe was, in reality, putting the very question which lihe desired to have answered. Did the reporter suspect ? There was not the faintest indicatioi, either in his manner or his quiet reply, that lie did. "Some of the poor fools who invested their money in that schemeo would very likely hold the firm morally responsible for ruining them." " Ah !"said the inspector, as he turned away. "I suppose so. iBut I'm forgetting my case n listening to you." The fact was, Inspector Apploebee was on. deavouring to establish some connection between the anonymous threatening letter whict., ten days bolefore, had been placed in his hands by the late P'aul North, and this violent death. "l But, in that case," he thought, "wly has not the money bieing called for at the post. oflice? Is itpossible that the writer of that letter was in a position to know that the matter had been placed in my hands ? I must move cautiously in this affair or ruin it at the outset." Not long after Mr. Thomas's departure, most of Applobeo's associates left the house, the medical oexaminer going first of all. Paul Naorth's body had been taken away in the undertaker's waggon, but the inspector and one oflicer still remained upon the premises. Quite by accident, as he was coming down the staircase which connected the libra floor with the storoy above, after a prowl through the darkened rooms in the upper part of the house, the inspector's eye caught the gleam of some thing white. He picked it up. It was a tiny lao3 handkerchief, such as a dainty woman oftoen catries, but a man never. This was the thought that flashed through the inspector's mind to give plaice in tastuy to another. That subtle, delicate perfume In all hislong ,xperiene Inspector Applebeo had never in "Ah!" hie thought as he held up the filmy lacoand looked at it more closely. "DBut I might have known it from the first. A woman In tie case i" fe pressed it again to his nose and putit carefully away in a pocket-book. On second thought he removed it, and made doubly sure of retaining the perfume by wrapping it in heavy glezed writing paper. " Some day," he relected, "I may meet this scent somewhero, andit will be better not to have to trust to my memory to recall it." "CIAPTER IlI.-Mn. LA~ Assuares Co-. PLICATED RErATIONS. About two o'clock in'the afternoon of the day P'aul North was found dead, Detective Lamm, spursding the even contemplative tenor of his way by the old Granary burying grbund, foutnd himself siuddenly arns 1Ii arm with an excited gentleman whose face he did nct recall. " Mr. Lanun F" questioned Mr. Richard Fltridge.' "That is my name, sir.", "Excuse me. I know you. I ,need your service at once. I have unlunmitd money atmy disposal. You have been recommended to me by trusted friends as most discreet in your calling. Come with me !" And without giving Mr. Lamm time to make demur to these hurried, disjointed remarks; Richard Fetridge, still with the detective's arm in his grasp, hurried him ddwn Tremont street, up Beacon street and Somerset street, and so into Pemberton square. If Detective Lamm had a momentous suspicion that this imperaitive gentleman was demented, a sidelong glance reassured him on that point. Hie had made physiognomy a study, and in his companion's face he read not lunacy, but unusual excite ment. The two were in Mr.;Fetridge's private office, and the door secured against intrusion before Detective Lamm's ris-ca-ras declared him. self. "Pardon my abruptness," said Fotridge. "Preasing business must be my excuse. Not to waste time in preambles, Detective Lamm, I want to retain your services in a matter of vital interest to me. You shall fix the amount of compensation yourself. Now will you undertake this service?" Mr. Lamm looked at him calmly. "That depends somewhat upon the nature of the business in hand," he said2 drily. " Oh, it's perfectly legitimate," went on Mr. Fetridge. "It's this terrible murder in Marl boro street-the killing of Paul North. He was my friend: I am on intimate terms with the family, and I wish to be kept fully posted on the progress of the work of detecting the u Tmbha. You have a keen interest in this matter, sir!" " Why, detective," said Fetridgo, edging his chair closer, "I have good reason to be eager in this matter. As man to man, I tell you here that I believe the guilty man in this case to be Paul North's partner !" The detective remained utterly unmoved, but grave and attentive. "Mr. Thornton Stackhouso?" "Of course," said Fetridge quickly. "I make tlis statement absolutely In confidence. I wouldn't condemn the man publicly on my simple euspicions." "Oh, of course not." "But I tell you, sir,' Fetridge resumed, pacing the floor excitedly, " I know the man to be a villain. I know hiss for a scoundrel, and -good heavens! Poor North ! Poor Marion! What a misfortune!" A man more agitated than Mr. Richard Fetridge over a similar affair certainly had never fallen under Detective Larum's observa tion. He dropped suddenly into a chair, and was pressing his hands against his temples as if to still the throbbings of a violent headache. The detective watched him under his eyebrows. Now that he kniew his name he remembered that he had heard of him as a young lawyer who had recently fallen heir to a large fortune, and it seemed to him too that he could dimly recall having heard him referred to as the Apollo Belvidero of State Street. " You will, of course, acquaint me with the reasons for your suspicions' " Mr. Lamm mildly suggested, by way of bringing his now motiosless client to a realisation of his sur roundings. Fetridge awoke from his trane with a estrt. "Reasons ?" he echoed. "No! Certainly not! Why should I V" " It might be well for me to work on at the start, Mr. Fotridge." Fetridge was now on his feet again, and took two or three turns up and down the apartment in thoughtful silence. " No," he said at last, pausing in front of the detective. " No, I see no reason for telling you-not yet, certainly. It would not aid you sn tha least. It would simply convince you that Stackhouso might have had a motive, and a strong one. As for anything else, you would be left as much in the dark as I am." "I would urge upon you-" " Itis useless,"interruptedFetridgo. "There are family reasons for my silence. I am a friend of the family. Why, if it hadn't been so I should have gone at once with all I know to the police. But there aresome things, Lamm which the least said about the better-and Stackhouso's incentive to this deed of violence is onse of them." "Umlha" (the detective had a babit of pre facing iis discourse with this reflective grunt), "North had quite a family '. " He has two daughters, sir." Fetridge had resumed his walk. "Young? Unmarried?" " What? Don't you know? The eldest, Marion, is Thornton Stackhouse's wife. The younger, Stella, is seventeen." " And Mrs. North ." " Dead these fifteen years. Her sister, Com. fort Harwood, is the housekeeper. The family. are at the beach at Swampscott-still, I pe sume, in ignorance of the awful cloud which is hanging over them. Poorgirls ! Poor old Aunt Comfort ! I say, Lamm, you'll undertake the case, won't you ? If there is any disgrace l can save this bereaved family, I am bound to do it. I want to employ you to hunt up evidence in behalf of the family and to report tome as rapidly as possible. iin fact, I wish to know, if it casn be done, all the evidence the police have when the inquest is called. I won't conceal from you that the attitude I shall take oil that occasion may b, governed largely by what you tell me. And, b, the way, when is the inquest likely to be held ." "It is a delay of days or weeks, as the police determine." "Very well, and in the meantime I may count upon your undivided services. You un derstand what I want. I am always at my office here, or you may telegraph me at the Beach. Whenever there is any development in this sad affair, I desire to knowit with as brief delay as possible. Whether it helps or hinders my suspicious of Stackhouse in the .case is not to the presentpurposo. Facts are what I u ish to ascertain; and there is nobody who can arrive at the facts more surely or more quickly than you-and this is not flattery, eithoer!" Mr. Lamm made a deprecatory gesture. "\Well. Mr. Fetridge, no man can make a fairer offer than you've made, and under the circumstances I'll be very glad to take up the case and see what I can make of it. Count upon me to lot you know when I have found anything of the slightest value." "I certainly shall, detective," retu:ned Fetridge, whose face'expressed the satisfaction he felt at securing such an ally. And so the conference ended. Detective Lamm, now turning his steps to wards his own office, not far away, bethought himself that this man Stackhouse, whom he know very well by sight, would be likely to oc cupy a lrge share of his time and attenition for many days to come. It came as a surprise, even to his iruper., turbablo naturo, to find that the: first face to loeak into hIis as he entlered his ofilce was the face of Tlhornton Stackhouse. lut Detective Lamm was quite equal to the occasion. "W~ore you waiting to see me?" he asked, in his most matter-of-fact tones. A quick look hadassured him that the banker, though less excited in mnanner thl;s his recent client, was certainly not positively free froim agitition. "Yes," said Mr. Stackhouse, taking a chair in response to the detective's beckoningl iuvita. tion. "My name is Thorntou Stackhouse. I have come almost directly from the house of my panrtner, Paul North. You know of course, about Iise death-his murder"'' Mr. Lumm bowed, twirling a pen between his fingers, and waited for.his companion to continue. " Perhaps I need not recount all the circum. stancee, detectivs, that combine to make this a veiry, dificult and delicate case. You will readily indoredtand cwith-out my saying ani'a . tling further, tlat the -very bost and most con fdential advice is roeqluisate. And that is precisely why I came ihere', Mr. Lamm, to en list your services in getting at the facts-all the fata--of this mysterions crime. Now, can I secure you? There will be a handsonme com. pinention-you will have a'l thee time and money needed to carry on your investigation." Detective LImm, looking at the wall annd still twirling the pen in his hands, seemed to be considering what engagements ihe' had made with wihlicl his snew cosmnuison might contlict. At least, such was the imupression of Thornton Staekholoue. " I don't know," the detective said, slowly atlast. "Ihave a gratdeal of, business just now-more than I cuan properly Landle, in fact. It depends upon what you want. Was there any particular poiint you vwished to 1,ressoisltto my attention. Mr. Stackhouse, or sas it simnply that you wished me to ascertain facts uand re. port to you " - Mr. Staekhous looked at the door n Ith some vagueapprehension. "Voe shill not be disturbed," nsaid the de teotive: "I sprang the lock as I came in." Mr. Stakkhousm brought his chair close to the detective. When hespoke it was in very low tonles, hardly above a:whisper. • r. Lamm, you may have read islthe after. noon papers that a name was written on the wall close to where my partner:lay dead.'" \- A nod anid a resowed twirlilg of the pen. "That name, Mr. Lamm, was meant to be mino ---was mine !" The detective raised his eyebrows and seesemd aboutto speak. : - -"YYou are' going to ask me liow I know,?' said Staekhouse. 'WVhy, I read it with my own eyes. Yes, the papers said bonscrcvwl minght have meant Stick or Stoch or Stockholm, mand so on: but I had a keener and truer sight than the officers there. " Now, detective, that name was written by some enemy of mine, who seeks to implicate me in this terrible affair. I am convinced of thofact. And, being soconvinced, a manof your experience does not need to be told that I dismiss the idea that Paul North wrote that name on the wall as utterly out of the question,." The grave, listening face near his wore no look of surprise, as Mr. Lamm nodded his full understanding of his visitor's thoughts. "North being put aside, we must look for the guilty party in another quarter. Mr. Lamm, you don't happen to recollect who it was at the meetingof Nicaragua directors, of which the papers published an account, testified that he perted with Paul North late yesterday afternoon ?" Mr. Lamm did not appear to recollect, for he pursed up his lips, shrugged his shoulders slightly and said nothing. SWell, detective, that man was Mr. Richard Fetridge, of whom you may have heard-a young lawyer of considerable property, who has had dealings with our firm."perty who a Richard Fetridge," repeated the detective, slowly; " well r" o o Mr. Fetridgeo stated, after considerable hesitation, which I couldn't help noticing that he left Mr. North about five o'clock, alter a business interview with him at our office. What the nature of that conference between them was Ican't say. Mr. Fetridgo and I did not like each other, I'm free to say it, and latterly I fancied that he grew even more curt and unpleasant in his manner towards me than before. Not that I cared for that, you under stand; I would not have given thle iatter a moment's thought but for this terrible affair. Nor even now, if Fetridge's strange conference and his hesitancy about saying where he left *Mr. North were not put in a more peculiar light by certain other facts that have come to my knowledge." "Noew factso" " Yes. Fetridge and North were seen to. gether at a much later hour than five o'clock the afternoon of the murder." The statement was made pointedly, and the detective gave evidence of interest. " Are you sure ?" he asked. " Absolutely sure." Mr. Stackhouse's voice had sunk to a confidential whisper. " A busi. ness acquaintance whose word is beyond ques tion has told me that he saw the two men walking up the Public Gardens at seven o'clock last evening, going in the direction of Marlboro street." Lamm threw off the mask of reserve. " And that is, to your mind, a mostvaluable, a most important, piece of evidence ? In con. junction with Mr. Fetridge's conduct and course, you would consider it very significant ?' "So significant," returned Stackhouse, " that but for the fact that I want to have the criminal so tangled in the mesh when he is caught that there can be no possible escape, I should before this have given the infonuation to the police." "Then your theory is-" suggested the detective. " What theory could a man have under the circumstmnces ? Richard Fetridge gained my partner's confidence-got into the family on a friendly footing-saw it was of no use to keep up his scheme of ' working' poor MLr. North any further, enticed him to this interview and subsequent conference at his house, and there murdered him." " Murdered him?" echoed Mir. Lamm, with not a shade of difference in the tone of his voice, quite as if he expected just such a revelation. " Not only murdered lhim," Stackhousowent on, his voice now full and strong under the stress of excitement; "but tried to fasten the guilt of the crime upon me. Richard Fetridge wrote my name there in the blood of his victim Richard Fetridge and no other. I feel as certain of it as if I had been witness of the deed. He is my enemy; I have felt it for a long time, and mn the hostility, and no doubt his dread lest his scheming with North should come to light through my examination of his affairs, he has done his utmost to discredit and dishenour me. Now you see why I want Richard Foetridge watched; why I want him followed at every step ; why I want his guilt established by in. controvertible proof." (TO DE CONTIN'ED.) 