THE FDEtST DEATH. —F3 ni; (FBOX THE FREKCH.) La Farlede was a little village of four or five hundred inhabitants between Amiam and Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring time, calm, sQent, stretched alone a wide road, Ha bouses low, with roofs Stack and pointed, surrounded by. swampy meadows and crowned by a forest of oaks, it waa a counterpart of all the other villages of Kcardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red bride, its windowcasings of white stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands a thousand metres, more or less, from ths oatikirts oi thoee tiny provincial hamlets, La Farlede, at (he moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying- eround, M been achieved at last. Tbe municqwl council, which had ao long hoarded the funds drawn it in, and .npose of the peoph ot ^haaoonby: on and after fha'lit: Kovsober, 18—," so the announcement read, " the oemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests." Naturally enough, everyone gossipped and jested with his neighbour cm the subject of the "elect" who would point out the road to his compatriots, bnt the hubbab increased to a positive riot when simuitaneously with the conclusion of the ceremonies that made of the ancient field a " Gotteaker," handbills appeared on all the walls, including the Main's, to the following effect: " Whereas, bong sound of mind and sound of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of her who wQl be the - first to inaugurate the new oemetery, I have placed in the hands of the Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand francs, to be delivered to the family of the first inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps a better world, on and after this the day of opening, November 1,18—," " In witness whereof, signed and sealed by tnyBelf, "Jeis BnnnKEDS." In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohemian of the artellers of the Boulevard Clinchy, and enriched by the decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave him the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at times, as in the matter of his hand- bill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in the twinkling of an eye the news was aU over the village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others* more incredulous, ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of the same. " The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly : "there is no mistake about it. The money is in my hands, and will so remain," etc.. etc. The announcement thus officiaUy vouched for, everyone joyously retained to his home to begin at once the calculation of his chances—to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their average longevity. It goes without saying that those of the inhabitants fortunate enough to have rack or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of course, they triumphed secretly and in silence, whilst the others—those whose families were sound and healthy—were forced to comfort themselves with the forlorn hope of an accident, an unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of air. "Such-and- such a one's taking-off," they recalled,'' had been extremely sudden; So- andso's trifling illness fatal; unlooked-for deaths were always occurring," and those thousand tantalising pistoles danced a e&r;&b;&nrf; in their dreams even when they fell asleep. As for the Maire, poor man, life had become a burden to him because of the hourly deputations and avalanche of queries to which be was forced to listen. '' Must they be of the village ?" they besought bim anxiously, " or was it sufficient to be a member of the parish ? Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence i"—queries that plainly betrayed tbe villagers' anguish of mind and igely amused tbe donator. It is not every day, as you know, that people give np the ghost in villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of the cemetery without an event cf the kind occurring. Still the brains of the people continued to be overexcited, and every one, from baker to butcher, from curate to husbandman, laid ofi: work from time to time to measure with his eye, or calculate mentally, the additional goods or farming ground purchasable with the money—only the cafes were busier than ever. By the end of the week the story of the handbills had become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though the villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when discussing tbe matter, and openly footed np the. chances. The family of' a certain La Poireaux by common consent had 'settled it that they were to be the fortunate inheritors, for bad they not among them, this family La Poireaax, an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone—a wheezy, yellow, dried-up old mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask in the sunshine, and whose demise had long been expected. "But sometimes these aged ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, " and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for six months past.'' All the same," added another, " it is the family La Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye upon." Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the race for this money, La Farlede possessed no assassin. It was true that the ailing and very aged had become a centre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, if accommodating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. In the households of the Jess-happily placed the interest was equally absorbing—a harsh cough, a laboured breathing bringing the ear upon the alert in an instant. Coughs and difficult breathings were harbingers of inflammation of the longs, and inflammation of the lanes, as every one knew, took jts victim ly.' If another one had axed fin or an ' TO they awaited apoplexy, and a child .„ been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the momeat of the prodatnation, was cut off with a shilling in the" wQl of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The entire village it the expiration of this same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed the loudest at this for dead men's shoes no longer slept ly; drunkards drank twice as much as they ha2ldrunk before; tbe avaricious cursed in secret; while the sick, on the contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ringing the bell, seemed to vie with each other in the haste of their recovery. On the morning of the 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring oat, instead of the morning Angelas, ana the people, falling over each other in the darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had won. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual}, foil as a thrash, more dazed than ever bom brooding upon the promises of the placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung without reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would all be as mad as the beadle. Ah, well, there. lived at this time in La Farlede a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing had ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he bad ran through every country of the world, to dreamy. *> .. gain a living for himself or family in a v^,, When Hie sbnggle with the euth was bard andendleee. Bus slender frame.tnok badly to the labour ot the fields, and he poasossod no other-iwmroes. .Misery and want encom- ~--6edthe bouseboW. and each erasing fcefoca •^••Ainp finders the wife cried in nndnastortoredandcowad by a sense -of weaknem and .faOnre, writhed •euet. The placard of the painter Bitontineex had 1ad I made upon him, as upon the rest of than, a deep impression. Nay, more than that, it had given him an idea. What if he should be the one to leave ten thousand francs to his wretched family ? It would lift them above want for ever; they would be able with the money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery —perhape a more pretentious shop. His wife .was intelligent, industrious—she would surely prosper at the business. He 6aw them already, these deprived ones, secure of the necessities he had been unable to give them, the boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a commissure. That evening he embraced them and held them upon bis tneast longer than usual, nmrhe watched them laid upon their " I will doit—I must do it: it is my duty." Theidea that had oome to him with the reading of tha placard, and ban of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was the rehabilitation of all his disastrous enterprise, the atonement for the sorrow that he broi " his family. But, oh, the agon; from these beings so tenderly loved, whose fare and hanntness be could secure st last, but Hie went out to walk for a while in the embrowned fields, the yellowed forest, bat flie rustling of the dead leaves that his foot poshed aside sounded to him like the rustling of a shroad; sobs burst from his angtiiwhed *Weast as he regarded the wide heavens, the valley full of shadows, and the little village that held his aU. Foe a long time he hesitated. Fertians chance woold deliver him—perhaps It would not be necessary to take his Ufa in order that they might live, that they might have' fire the darkened hearthstone, end bread in Long ago he had assured with a neighbour, who had Oat suicides would count in Of cotme be nmstkQl himeelf—to wait longer was to peuuit the chanoe 'that as vat was fab to be grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hatede' that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes npon the dilapidated root that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body—a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, ana spread the news—the crowds caned it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in his face; while the town council itself waited upon V- Bitumineax to demand of him that the money should not be paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thousand mors to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children. " It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy—" my fault, and but for me the thing would never have happened." The Maire alone and the gendarmes, whom it had been necessary to call upon before the bod' beside him passed to their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout die whole of Picardy, and npon bis tomb one reads the inscription (cut there by a cunning bat sacrilegious hand daring the darkness of the night after the interment) :— The ditch of the thief. 