THE STORYTELLER A Daughter of the D'Urbervilles. Bt Thomas Hardy. CHAPTER XVIII. The season developed and matured. Another year's instalment of flowers, leaves, nightingales, thrushes, finches, and other creatures, took up their positions in their allotted division of time with no aspect of surprise at being there, though only a year ago others stood in their place, and they were nothing more than inorganic particles. Rays straight from the sunrise drew forth the buds and stretehed them into long stalks, lifted up sap in noiseless streams, opened petals, and brought out scents in invisible jets and breathings. Dairyman Chick's household of maids and men lived on comfortably, placidly, even merrily. Their position was perhaps the happiest of all positions in the social scale, that is to say, above the line at which neediness ends, and below the line at which the convenances begin to cramp natural feeling, and the stress of threadbare modishness makes too little of enough. Thus passed the leafy time, when arborescence seems to be the one thing aimed at out of doors ; Tess and Clare unconsciously studied each other, ever balanced on the edge of a passion, yet ap- parently keeping out of it. All the while they were none the less converging, under the force of irresistible law, as surely as two streams in one vale. Tess had never in her recent life been so generally happy as she was now, probably never would be so happy again. She was, for one thing, physically and socially at ease among these new surroundings. The sapling which had rooted down to a poisonous stratum on the spot of its sowing had been trans- planted to a deeper soil. Moreover she, and Clare also, stood as yet on the debatable land between predilection and love ; where no profundities have been reached : no reflections have set in, awk- wardly inquiring of each of a pair, ''Whither does this new current tend to carry me ? What does it mean to my future ? How does it stand towards my past?' Tess was the merest ideal phenomenon to Angel Clare as yet— a rosy, 'warming apparition, which had hardly acquired the attribute of persistence in his consciousness. So he allowed his mind to be occupied with her, yet would not own his pre- occupation to be more than a philosopher's occa- sional regard of an exceedingly novel, fresh, and interesting specimen of womankind. They met continually ; they could not help it. They met daily in that strange and solemn in- terval of time, the twilight of the morning : in the violet or pink dawn ; for it. was necessary to ' rise early, so very early, here. Milking was done betimes; and before the milking came the skimming, which began at a little past 3. It usually fell to the lot of some one or other of them to wake the rest, the first one being aroused by an alarm-clock ; and, as Tess was the latest arrival, and they soon discovered that she could be depended upon not to sleep through the alarm, as the others did, this task was thrust most frequently upon her. No sooner had the hour of 3 struck and whizzed, than she left her room and ran to the dairyman's door, then up the ladder to Angel's, calling him in a loud whisper; then woke her fellow-milkmaids. By the time that Tess was dressed, Clare was downstairs and out in the humid air ; the remain- ing maids and the dairyman usually gave them- selves another turn on the pillow, and did not appear till a quarter of an hour later. The grey half tones of daybreak are not the grey half tones of the day's close, though the degree of their shade may be the same. In the twilight of the morning, light seems active, darkness passive ; in the twilight of evening it is the darkness which is active and crescent, and the light which is the drowsy reverse. Being so often — possibly not always by chance — the first two persons to get up at the dairy-house, they seemed to themselves the first persons up of all the world. In these early days of her residence here Tess did not skim, going out of doors at once after rising, where he was generally awaiting her. The spectral, half-compounded, submarine light which pervaded the open mead, impressed them with a feeling of isolation, as if they were Adam and Eve. At this dim inceptive stage of the day, Tess seemed to Clare to exhibit a dignified large- ness both of disposition and physique, an almost regnant power — possibly because he knew that at that preternatural time hardly any woman so well endowed in person as she was likely to be walking in the open air within the boundaries of his hori- zon; very few in all England. Fair women are usually asleep at midsummer dawns. She was close at hand, and the rest were nowhere. The mixed, singular, luminous gloom in which they walked along together to the spot where the cows lay often made him think of the Resurrec- tion-hour. He little thought that the Magdalen might be at his side. Whilst all the landscape was in neutral shade, his companion's face, which was the focus of his eyes, rising above the mist-stratum seemed to have a sort of phosphorescence upon it. She looked ghostly, as if she were merely a soul at large. In reality, her face, without appearing to do so, had caught the cold gleam of day from the north-east ; his own face, though he did not think of it, wore the same aspect to her. It was then, as has been said, that she impressed him most deeply. She was no longer the milk- maid, but a visionary essence of woman — a whole sex condensed into one typical form. He called her Artemis, Demeter, and other fanciful names, half- teasingly, which she did not like because she did not understand them. ' Call me Tess,' she would say askance ; and he did. Then it would grow lighter, and her features would become simply feminine ; they had changed from those of a divinity who could confer bliss to those of a being who craved it. At these non-human hours they could get quite close to the waterfowl. Herons came, with a great bold noise as of opening doors and shutters, out of (Continued on page 426) the boughs of a plantation which they frequented at the side of a mead ; or, if already on the spot, maintained their standing in the water as the pair -walked by, merely watching them by moving meir heads round in a slow, horizontal, passionless wheel, like the turn of puppets by clockwork. They could then see the faint summer fogs in. layers, woolly, level, and apparently no thicker than counterpanes, spread about the meadows in detached remnants of small extent. On the grey moisture of the grass were marks where the cows had lain through the night — dark islands of dry lierbage the size of their carcases in the general sea of dew. From each island proceeded a serpentine frail, by which the cow had rambled away to feed after getting up, at the end of which trail they found her : the snoring breath from her nostrils, when she recognised them, making: an intenser little fog of her own amid the prevailing one. Then they drove the animals back to the barton, or sat down to milk them on the tspot, as the case might require. . . ? ? ' Or perhaps the summer fog was more general, and the meadows lay like h white sea, outtjf which the scattered trees rose like dangerous rocks. Birds would rise through it into the upper radianqe, .and hang on the wing sunning themselves, or alighton the wet rails subdividing the meads, which now shone like glass ivkIn. Minute diamonds of moisture from the mii«t hung, too. upon Toss's eyelashes, and upon her hair, like seed pearls. When the day grew quite strong and commonplace these dried off her ; moreover. Tess then lost, her isolated and ethereal beauty, and was again the fair dairymaid only, who liad to hold her own against the other women of the world. About this time they would hear Dairyman Chick's voice, lecturing the non-resident milkers for arriving late, and speaking sharply to old Delwrah Fyander for not washing her hands. ' For Heaven's sake, pop thy hands under the pump, Deb ! Upon my soul, if the London folk oniy kuowed of thee and thy slovenly ways, they'd chaw thy bread-and- butter more mincing than they do already ; and that's saying a good deal.' The milking progressed, till towards the end Tess and Clare, in common with the rest, could hear the heavy breakfast-table dragged out from the wall in the kitchen by Mrs.' Chick, this being ihc invariable prclimuuuy to each meal ; the same horrible scrape accompanying its return jonmey when the table had be- n cleared. CHAPTER XIX. There was a great, stir in the milk-houso just aftor breakfast. The chum revolved as usual, but the butter would not conic. Whenever this hap pened the dairy -was paralysed. ' Squish ! squash ! ' echoed the milk in the great cylinder, but never arose the sound they waited for. Dairyman Chick and his wife, the milkmaids Tew, Maria, 'Retty, Priddle, Izz Huett, and the married ones from the cottages ; also 3Ir. Clare, Jonathan Kail, old Deborah, and the rest, stood gazing hope lessly at the churn ; aud tho boy who kept the house going outside put on moou-like eyes to show hie sense of the situation. Even the melancholy horee himself seemed to look in at the window in inquiring despair at each walk vound. ?.'?,.?-. ' 'Tis years since I went to Conjuror Treudle iu Egdon— years, ' ' said the dairyman, bitterly. ' ' And since his death there's only his son. I have said fifty times, if I have saidonce, that I don't believe in him. And I don't believe in him. But I shall have to go to him. O, yes, I shall have to go to him, if this sort of thing eontinys .'' Even Mr. Clare began to feel tragical at the dairyman's desperation. ''Conjuror Fall, 'father side of Casterbridge, that they used to call --Wide-O,' wos a very good man when I was a boy,' said Jonathan Kail. ' But he's dead and rotten.' ' My father used to go to Conjuror Myiiteme, out at Owkcombe, and a clever man a' were, so I've heard father say,' continued Mr. Chick. ' But there's no such genuine folk alxiut nowadays !' Mrs. Chick's mind kept nearer to the matter in . hand. 'Perhaps somebody in the housfi is in love,' fihe said, tentatively. 'I've -heard it said in my younger days that that will cause it. Why, Chick— that maid we knew years ago, do ye mind,, and how the butter didn't come then ? -' ' Ah., yes, yes ! but that isn't the rights o't. It had nothing to do with (he love-making. I re member all about it— 'twas the damage to the churn. He turned to Clare. 'Jack' Dollop, a 'hor's-birdof a fellow we had here as milker at one time, sir, courted a young woman over at Mejlstock, and deceived her as he had deceived many afore. But he had another scrt o' woman to reckon'with this time, and it was not the girl herself. One Holy Thursday, of all days in the almanack, we was here t-s we mid be now. only there was no churning iu baud, wheii we saw the girl's mother coming up to the door, with a great brass-mounted umbrella in her hand that would have felled an ox, and saying * Do Jack Dollop work here ?— because I want him ! I have a big bone to pick with he, I can assure'n !* And some way behind her mother walked Jack's young woman, crying bitterly into her handkereher. ' O, Lard, here's a time !' said Jack, looking out o' winder at 'em. ' She'll murder mo ! Where shall I get— where shall I f Don't tell her where I be !* And with that he scrambled into the chum through the trap-door, and shut liimself inside, just as the young woman's mother busted into the milk-house. * The villain, where is he?* says she; 'I'll claw his face for'n ; let me only catch him ! ' Well, she hunted about everywhere, ballyraggling Jack by side and by seam, Jack 'lyingfitafled inside the churn, and the poor maid, standing at the door a'moet crying her eyes out. I shall never forget it, never ! ' T^ojrid have melted a marble %one.* But sfefc-»uk8i*Mhiii - ' him nowhere at all ! '4 _*?;-' ? . *= The dairyman paused, and one or 'fero worSe Ttrf appreciation came from the listeners. But Dairyman Chick's stories had the peculiarity of seeming to be ended when they were not really so ; and strangers were often betrayed into pre mature interjections of finah'ty, though old friends knew better. The narrator went on : ' Well, how the. woman should have had the wit to guess it I could never tell, tut she found out that he was inside that there churn. Without say ing1 a word ehe took hold of the winch (it was turned by hand-power then), and round she.swvng him, and Jack began to flop about inside. ' Oh, Lard ! Stop the chnrn ! let me out ! ' says he, pop ping ont his head ; ' I shall be churned into a pummy ! ' (he was a cowardly chap in his heart, as such men mostly be) . ' Not till you leave off trifling with her feelings,' says the old woman. Well, none of ns ventured to interfere ; and at last 'a promised to trifle no more. * Yefi, Fll be as good as my word V he said. And eo it ended that day.' ' While die listeners were laughing or coolly com menting, there was a quick movement, behind their backs, and they looked round. Tess was walking to toe-door with a pale face. -.-?.-- 'How warm it is to-day !' she said, almost in audibly. It was warm, and none of them connected her withdrawal with the reminiscences of the dairyman. He went forward,- aud opened the door, for her, haying with tender raillery, . **. Why, maidy' (he frequently- gave' her this pet name) ' the prettiest milker I've got in my dairy ; you mustn't get so fagged as this at the first breath of summer weather, or we shall be finely put to for want of 'ee by dog-days, shan't we, Mr. Clare?' '? I was warm, and I think I am better out of doors,' she said, mechanically : and disappeared outside. Fortunately for her 'the milk in^the re volving churn at that moment changed its squash ing for a decided flick- flack. ??'Tie coming!' cried Mrs. Chick, and the j attention of all was willed otf from Tess. | That fair sufferer soon recovered herself ox- } ternally ; but she remained much depressed all ; the afternoon. When the evening milking was ! done she did not care to be with the rest of them, and i went out-of- doors, wandering along she knew not ; whither. She was wretched— -O, so wretched— at the perception that to her companions the dairy man's story had been rather a humorous narration than otherwise ; that none of them but herself seemed to see the sorrow of it ; and that, to a cer tainty, not one- knew how cruelly it probed the old agony of her experience. The evening sun was now hideous to her, like a great inflamed wound in the sky. Only a solitary crack -voiced reed-sparrow greeted her from the bushes by the river, in a sad, machine-like tone, resembling that of- a past friend whose friendship ehe had now outworn. In these long June days the milkmaids, and, in deed, most of the household, went to bed at sunset or sooner, the morning work before milking being so early and heavy at this time of full pail*. Tess usually accompanied her fellows upstairs. To night, however, she was the first to go to their common chamber ; and she had dozed when the other girLs came in. She saw' them undressing in the orauge light of the dying sun, which flushed their forms with its colour; she dozed again, but she was reawakened by their voices, and quietly turned her eyes towards them. Neither of her three chamber companions had got into bpd. They were standing in a group, in their nightgowns, barefooted, at the windowj the last red rays of the west still warming their faces and necks, and the walls around them. All were watching somebody in the garden with deep in terest, their three 'faces close together : a jovial j aud round one, a pale one with dark hair, and a j fair ouf- whose tresnes were auburn. . j I '' Don't push. You ran see an well its I,' said Hetty, the auburn -haired :iiid youngest girl, with- [ out removing bvv oyes from the window. ' 'Tis no use for you to he in love with him any more than me, Retty Priddle,' said jolly-faced Marian, the eldest, slily. ' His thoughts be of other cheeks than thine.' Betty Priddle still looked, and the others looked again. ' There he is again !' cried Izz Huett, the pale girl, with dark, damp hair, and keenly cut lips. 'You -needn't say anything, Izz,' answered Retty ; 'for I +saw you kissing his (shade.' ''What did yon see her doing J' asked Marian. ' Why. he 'was standing over the wheyrtub to let- off Hie whey, .and the shade of his face came '- upon the wall behind, close to Izz, who was stand ing there filling a-vat. She put her mouth against the wall and kissed the shade of his mouth ; I sid her, though he didn't.' .^ ' O, Izz Huett !' said Marian. ^ A rosy spot came into the middle of Izz Huett's cheek. ' Well, there was no harm'in it,' she de clared, with attempted coolness. ' And if I be in love with him, so is Retty, too ; and so be you, Marian, come to that.' Marian's full face could not blush past its chronic pjhkness. 'I!' she said. ' What a tale ! Ah. there he is again ! Dear eyes — dear face — deai'Mr. Clare !' , 'There, you've owned it ! ' , - 'So have you — bo have we all,' said Marian, with the dry frankness of complete indifference to opinion. ' It is fiilly to pretend otherwise amongst ourselves, though we need not own it to other folks. I -would just many him to-morrow !' ' So would I,' murmured Izz Huett, slowly. ' And I, too,' whispered the more timed Retty. The listener grew warm. ' We can't all have him,' said Izz. ' We shan't, either of tis, which is worse still,' said the eldest. ' There he is again ! ' They all three blew him a silent kiss. ' ' Why ?' asked Retty, quickly. 'Because he likes Teas Durbeyfield best,' said Marian, lowering her voice. ' 1 have watched him every day, and have found it out.' There was a reflective silence. ' But she dou't care anything for him?' at length breathed Retty. ' Well, I sometimes think that, too/' ' But how silly all this is V said Izz Huett, im patiently. ' Of 'course he wouldn't marry any one of us, or either — a gentleman's sou, who's going to be a great landowner and farmer abroad ! More likely to ask us to come with him as farm-hands at so much a year !' One sighed, and, another sighed, and- Marian's j plump figure sighed most of all. Somebody in l-ed ! hard bv sighed too. Tears came into the eyes of I Retty Priddle, the pretty red-haired youngest— the last bud of the Priddles, so important in the county history. They watched silently a little longer, then tin^ faces still close together as lwfore, and tho, triple hues of their hair mingling. But the uncon - ^icious^ Mr. Clare had gone iudoors, and they saw him no more ; and, the shades beginning 'to deepen, they crept into their beds. Li a few minutes they heard him ascend the ladder to his own room. Marian was soon snoring, but Izz did not drop into f orgetfulness f or a long- time. Retty Priddle ciied 'hiiralK to sleeps Tfie deeper-passioned Tess -was- very far from sleeping even then. This conversation was another of fne bitter pifls ehe had been obliged to swallow that day. Scarce the least feeling of jealousy arose - in her breast. For that matter she knew herself to have the preference. Being more finely formed^ j better educated, more woman, than either, she per ceived tliat only die slightest ordinary care was necessary for holding her own iu Angel Clare's heart against these her simple Mends. But the grave question was, ought she to do this r There was, to be sure, hardly a ghost of a chance for either of them, in a serious sense ; but there was. or had been, a chance of one or the other inspiring him with a passing fancy for her, and enjoying the pleasure of bis attentions -while he stayed here. Such unequal attachments had led to marriage ; and she had heard from Mrs. Chick that Mr. Clare had one day asked, in a laughing way, what would be the use-ef his marrying a fine lady, and ah* the I while a thousand acres* of colonial pasture to feed, and cattle to rear, and corn to reap. A farm woman would be die only sensible kind of wife for him. Bnt -whether Mr. Clare haft spoken seriously or not, why should she, who pould never - con scientiously allow -any man to marry her now*** and who had religiously determined that she never would be tempted to do so, draw off Mr. Clare's attention from other women, for' the irUtf najtpi ness of sunning herself in his eyes while here- i mained at Talbothays V ' v ? , T.| CHAPTER XX. ' '.. -They came downstairs yawning next morning ; but skimming and milking were proceeded with as usual, and they went indoors to breakfast. Dairy man Chick was discovered stamping about the house. He had received a letter, in which a customer had complained that the butter had a twaiig1. v And, begad, no 't have !' said the dairyman, who held in his left hand a wooden slice, on. which a lump of butter was stuck. 'Yes— taste for yourself '.' J Several of them gathered round him ; and Mr. j Clare tasted. Tess tasted, also the other indoor - milkmaids, one or two of the milking men, and last ? [ of rill Mrs. Chick, who came out from the waiting j breakfast- table. There certainly was a twang. .« The , dairyman, who', had. 'th*rown. himself into abstraction to better realise the taste, and «o divine the particular species of noxious weeds to which it appertained, suddenly .exclaimed, _.;.' 'Tis garlic!/. and I -thought there .wasn't: a blade left in that ' mead VT . ? . - . : . . ? ?? .. - Then all the old hamls remembered that a certain dry mead, into which a few of the f-ows had been,.. admitted of late, had, iu years gone'by, spoilt the . butter iu the same Way. The dairyman bad not .-. j recognised the taste at that 'time, and thought the butter bewitched. . '..' '. .'....' . '...': V', .. 'We must examine that meadi' he resumed. ' this musift continny.' All having aimed them selves with old poiuted knives -ihey went out together. As the inimical plant could only be present in very microscopic dimensions to have CFcaped ordinary observation, it seemed rather a hopeless attempt to find in it the stretch of rich grass before them. However, they foi-med them selves into liue, all assisting, owing to the import ance of the search ; the dairyman at the. upper end with Mr. Clare, who had volunteered to help : then Tess, Marian, Izz Hueit, aud Retty : then Bill Lewell. Jonathan, and the married dairywomen — namely, Beck Nibbs, with her woolly black hair, and rolling eyes, and flaxen Frances,1 consumptive from the winter damps of the water- meads— who lived in their respective cottage. With eyes fixed npen the jnouud, they crept slowly across a strip of tho fivld. returning :i little further down iu such :i itiiiiiinr that, when they , kIioiiM havo iiuished. not a single inch of thepts- j tiuv but would have faih-iniiiderihoeyuofrsoinc ono -jf then). It wiisa most tedious business, not mure than lisilf-si -dozen shoots of gtirlii- lioiiig disflovor able in the. whole field ; yet such was the herb's pungency that probably one bite of it by one cow had been sufficient. t» season the whole dairy's pro duce for the day. Differing one from another in natures and moods so greatly as they did, they yet formed a curiously uniform row — automatic, uoiseles* ; and an observer passing down the neighbouring laue might well have been excused for ? massing1 them as '? Hodge.' As they crept along, looping low to discern the plant, u soft, yellow gleam was reflected from the 'buttercups into their shaded faces, giving them au elfish,. moonlit aspect, - though the sun was pouring upon theiv backs in all the strength of 110011\. , Angel Clare! who conununistically stuck to his rule of taking part with the rest in everything, ., glanced up now and then. It was not, of course; by accident that he walked next to Tess. ' Well, how are you? ' he mumuu-ed. ' Very well, thank you, sir,' she replied, de murely. As they had been discussing a score of personal matters only balf-an-hour before, the introductory style seemed a little superfluous. ' But they got no further in speech just then.' They crept and crept, the hem of her petticoat just touching his foot, and his elbow sometimes brushing hers. At last the dairyman, who came next, coujd stand it no longer. ' Upon my soul and body, -his here stooping do fairly make my back open and shut!' he ex claimed, straightening himself slowly with, au ex crutiated look till quite upright. 'And you, maidy Tess, you wasn't well a day or two ag-o — this will make your head ache finely. Don't do any more, if you feel fainty : leave the rest to finish it.' Dairyman Chick withdrew, and Tess dropped behind. Mi1. Clare also stepped out of line, and began privateering about for the weed. When she found him near her, her very tension at what she had heard the night before made her the first to speak. ' Don't they look pretty ?' she said. ' Who?' ' Izzy Huett aud Retty.' ??????? Tess had moodily decided that either of these maideus would make a good farmer's wife, and that she ought to recommend them, and obscure her own wretched charms. ' Pretty? Well, yes— they are pretty girls — fresh -looking. I have often thought so.' ' Though, poor things, prettiness won't last long.' ?? Oh. no, unfortunately.' ' They be excellent dairywoinen.' '? Yes; though not better than you.' ?' They skim better than T.' ' Do they:' Clare remained observing them — not without their observing him. ' 'She is colouring up,' continued Tess, heroi cally. ''Who?' ' Retty Priddle.' 'Oh! Why is that?' ' Because you are looking at her.' Self-sacrificing as her mood might be, Tess conld not well go further aud say, ? ' Marry one of them, if you really do want' a- dairywoman and. not a lady : and don't think of marrying me.' She fol lowed Dairyman Chick, and had the mournful satisfaction of seeing that Clare remained behind. From this day she forced herself -to take paius to avoid him.:— never allowing herself, as formerly, to remain long in his company, even. if. their juxta position was purely accidental. She gave tlic other three every chance. . . Tess was woman enough to realise from their avowals to herself that Angel Clare had the honour of all the dairymaids in his keeping, and Tess's perception of his care to avoid compromising the ? happiness of cither in the least- degree bred a tender respect hi her for the purity of mind aud chivalrous sense of duty shown by Angel Clare, qualities which'she had never expected to find iu one of the opposite sex, - (To be conttntted.) 