The Ste& Xndiaa itlalmjj in Amnio* FROM files of the London Daily News, to date November 28, we extract the following messages in reference to the threatened rising of the Red Indians in~ America: New York, November 24.-The news papers are filled with alarming reports in connection with the Indian scare, many of which prove on investigation to 'be wholly groundless. The state ment -which appeared in the World that seven, settlers had been killed in South Dakota comes under this category. It has no foundation in fact. Neverthe fess, the situation is still considered so far serious as to warrant the ^despatch of further detachments of national troops, which have been ordered to proceed to the disturbed districts. The Nebraska Militia have also been ordered to hold themselves in readiness to take the field.; A ranchman who has arrived at Pine Ridjge decides that while', be 'was in the Indian Camp he overheard a plot to lead General Brooke and 'his soldiers into an ambush and sboot them. He said that the plan by which it was proposed to do. this was to have-a ghost dance at a place surrounded by dense clumps of trees, which would be filled with Indians, and when the troops should try to stop the dance the ambushed Indians would open fire arid kill every soldier. Ottawa, November *3.-Despatches received here this evening from the Go vernment agents in the Indian reserves in the norm-west territories, give satis factory assurances that the Canadian Indians are peacable and are not affected by the agitation in Dakota, although overatures were made to them to join the Indians there. Chicago, November 24.-Buflklo Bill has been ordered to the seat of the Indian trouble. He sterted last night to Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination is. Nebraska. The State Militia is said to be reaiy for service at an hour's notice. In iui interview, Colonel Cody said: I shall arrive atOmahaon Monday. Thence I shall probably proceed to Rushville, 31 miles from Pine Ridge When do I expect the trouble will begin ? Well, it is like guessing if grass is four inches longer than you would expect it to be every night As it is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak, no Indian still retaining a modicum of sense will go on the war path unless he. has food for his horse and himself. With the fanatical Sioux who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise it is different. They believe they are serving the Great Spirit They believe they are celebrating the coming of the Messiah. There will be trouble unless the dances are stopped. What appears most ominous to me in the widespread influence of the Messiah movement The Indians do not telegraph and do not write letters, and yet all the western tribes from the Coast of the Mississippi and from British Columbia to Arizona, are dancing the Ghost dance, and look ing forward to the coming of the great leader. They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild, then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the inter ference of the soldiers may precipitate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians, Sitting Bull is the worst. Rock Bear and Red Shirt, who are fight ing chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. Sitting Bull will always be found with the disturbing ele ment. : If there is no disturbing element he will foment one He is a dangerous Indian, and bis conduct now ^portends trouble. Old Red Cloud, who is dis posed to be friendly to the whites, was the leader of the Fort Phil Kearney massacre. He .has a son with the ghost | dancers, who is looking forward to a chance of winning his spurs. The best fighting blood of the Sioux and Cheyen ness is represented among the dancers Washington, November 26.-Mr. Proctor, Secretary for War, has received | news from Cheyenne River that the I Indians have abandoned the ghost dance:., and have come in for rations. This is regarded as a most hopeful sign of the abatement of the excitement. Great benefit is belived to have resulted from the employment of friendly Indians as scouts. Mr. Proctor has authorised General Miles to increase the number of Indian police in Dakota to 1,200, with a payment of 13 dollars per month, and the privilege p! wearing the arpiy blouse, and being in acklowledged con nection with the United States Govern ment. It is believed that these iuduce mehts will,prp?e too powerful for'the I average Indian to"resist . ? , Pine Ridge, November,2(5.-;The latest | indications here of the intentions of the Indians would appear to _be of a more reassuring character. It is stated that the braves in this district declare that they will surrender their ..arms if the troops insist upon doing so. yta'orderhas, however, been given postponing the, issue of beef rations y mil tormqnsawf, apd all strangen, escfpt newspaper mSQ. fays been ordered offtpeReservaj^oiv. .lAbpu's 6,000 Indians are swaiming inand about the Agency. One hundred mope Indian scouts are being sworn in and armed Despatches from Pine Ridge state (hat! intelligence reached there yesterday even ing that 600 Indians were on the inarch from Rosebud to that place, and had plundered the houses deserted by the fugitive settlers, killing all the cattle they could lay their hands upon. .Scouts announce that the ghost dances have massed their forces on the Porcupine, and that Little Wound, who Was yester day reported to be the. onlychiefof tlje ghost dancers who still remained opt, has consented to come and cpnfer. with the Agent and General Brooke, and will arrive to-day. Fort Sully, South Dakota, November 26.-It is evident that the hostile Indians from the Grand River, Cheyenne^ Rose bud, and Pine Ridge agencies are massing together at some point where they mil mqke a stand against the troops. Gene ral Cooke has learned fro 11 a squaw that bands of men are passing southwards, well armed, with Winchester , rifles and ammunition and well equipped ponies. The Indians were uniformly insolent and reticent as to theirpjace of meeting. It is, however, reMpjfcd that they will assemble at a hSavily wooded spot on the White River, ten miles above .its mouth and south of Rock White. The place is a day's hard ride from Pine Ridge, and nearly the same distance from Rosejpud. Chicago, November 26.-According to the morning papers Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill) has received a commission from General Miles to proceed to the scene of the scare, and lelt yesterday with three companions. The exact nature of the mission is unknown. Chicago, November 37.-A despatch from Missoula, Montana; published in the Inter-Ocean, announces that a fierce battle is in progress near Fort Keogh, Montana, between thelndians and troops. Three companies of troops at Fort Missoula have been ordered to proceed to Byenne. Advices from various points report sharp skirmishing all along the line. General Miles doubts the accuracy of the news from Fort Keogh as to a fight between the troops and the Cheyennes. No reports of the occurrence have been received by him. Washington, November 27.-No des patches have been received by Mr. Proc tor, Secretary for War, regarding the re ported fight at Fort Keogh, and no. credence] is attached to the rumour. At the same time, news has been received that the Indians in the vicinity of Fort Reno, Indian Territory, are unsettled on account of the Messiah craze. Trouble is not anticipated, although they are con ducting their religious dances with much fervour, and are being joined by the In [ dians of other reservations. New York, November 27.-Mr. Mel lette, Governor of South Dakota, has sent a telegram to General Miles, inform ing him that he has despatched an experienced man to investigate the trouble among the Indians. This scout reports that he neyer was afraid of In dians before, and he thinks a general uprising will very soon take place. He talked to a number of Indians on the way from Rosebud to the large camp on the White River, and says that they maintained a surly and defiant attitude. One of them remarked that he used to beat out the brains of children and drink women's blood, and declared that he would soon do so again. The camp on the White River contains 1,500 armed warriors. The Indians say they will fight if the soldiers try to capture the chief Short Bull, and declarc that as soon as the fight begins a hailstorm will kill the soldiers. Mr. Mellete has asked for' a thousand rifles and ammunition. A despatch from Tucson, Arizona, states that reports have reached there that the Indians in the White Mountain reser vation are growing restless. The officers of the agency are apprehensive that the medicine men are trying to arouse the Indians by starting religious dmces, and several have consequently, been arrested. || From Bierre, South Dakota, it is reported I that'the citizens are alarmed at the atti . tude of the Indians on the'White River, I umier Short Bull, who show a dangerous spirit and goes about heavily armed.. They have killed scores of cattle. ipfne'Ridge,' Noveteber'iy.-i-THe hostile1 brave* are reported to be borning hboses.1 The friend lies at Medicine, and Eofcuo pine Creeks, however, declare that un-, less the Indians are frightened or driven to fight next week there is every proba-; bility thit the troubles in this district; will be'se^tled without difficulty. .Jfo hostile Indians can be found among tbe: 4,000 gjather^d at this agency. The; authorities speak , more hopefully, and every Indian /bund asserts that be dops not want to fight,,and never did. It is believed that,m effort will be made to disarm the Pine Ridge Indians, or failing this, that the,.whole Sioux nation will be. disarmed at h^fidquarters department :of DakotaandSt. Paul. Nonews has reached here regarding the battle rworted to to have occurred between jflfcUnited States Regulars and Ihe^woithern Cheyenne Indians, at Fort Keogh, and: the rumour is discredited, as the. Cheyennes near that fort are said to be friendly and even to have asked leave to fight the Sioux <in case of hostilities breaking out In. (act, .most of the Cheyennes in that district have been en listed in the Government service. 