CITY COUNCIL,. Friday, 15th May. flivanck Committer. ' present—Thy Mayor (Or. J. R. Hoskins), and Crs. Ellis, Abbott, Pallett, O'Neill, Bailes, Carolin and Hayes. The finance report for the week ending on ]0tn inst., was as'follows:—No. 4 account— Paid into bank, L733 8s 3d; bank balance, l)r., L3,265Gs Cd. Loan account—la bank, LI .906 14s. Deposit account No. 2—In bank, LI.12 4s 3d. Loan deposit accoint—In.bank, LS 103. Received. The following tenders were recommended for acceptance :—Three iron bodies for lorries and one for cart, Roberta and Sons, LOO; three lorries for day service, R. Hogan, L110 12s Cd; one spring dray, Dodda and Barker, L17 10s GJ; carting and spreading metal, Dnggan and Sons, Oil per yard; footpath, Qticun street, M. I). O'Orady, L9 10s; removing rocks from crock near Golden-square bridge, P. Kennedy, Lo 5s; pipe drain, Bridge-street, R. Miller, L.'!. The deferred letter from II. F. Smith, fish monger, asking the council to pass a by-law to enable him to keep his premises open until two o'clock on Sunday morning was again brought tip. On the motion of Or. Carolin, it was de cided to inform Mr. Smith that the council did not deem it advisable to grant the request. It was pointed out a by-law of the character men tioned would be contrary to the provisions of the Police Offences' Statute. The application of the Bendigo Football Club to play on the Show Grounds during the ensuing season, was granted on the motion of Or. Bailes, seconded by Cr. Pallett. On the motion of Cr. Carolin, seconded by Cr. Hayes, the report of the sub committee re the asphalte works was adopted. [The report has been previously published.] THE SHOW OROCHDS. ' A deputation representing the Bendigo Agri cultural Society, consisting of Messrs. D. C. Sterry, M.L.A. (president), J. C. Stamp, J. H. Goudge, and H. M. Marks (secretary), waited on the committee, and complained of the damage done to the buildings and fences at the Show Grounds, principally when football matches were held there. Mr. Sterry said the deputation desired the council to assist them as far as possible in preventing the continual damage that was being done to the whole of the buildings, fencing, locks, etc. On each and every occasion that the grouud was let there was always a very large amount of damage, and when football matches were held there the damage done was something frightful. The society had received two letters from the council stating that they would look into the matter, but up to the present time the damage still continued. The society gene rally appointed someone to look after . the ground when the matches were hold, but they found that the caretaker really had no power over the lads. The deputation desired the council to take the matter up and ask the police to exercise supervision over the public property when football matches were held on the ground. The society had no objection whatever to the ground being used for sports of all kinds, in fact they were anxious to afford every facility for tho legitimate use of the ground, but they found that after football matches the damage done was found to be very great. Recently part of the galvanised iron iencing was kicked off. The cost of repairing the roofs for the last show was about L30. Mr. Stamp said it was not so much in re ference to the football matches which were conducted under proper supervision that they complained of as the indiscriminate play that took place night and day ou the ground. There was a clause in force to the effect that a deposit of L10 be exacted from all clubs using the ground to compensate for any damage that might be done, but that rule, he believed, had not been strictly enforced. They wished the council to enforce this, and also to see that the percentage of the takings was paid. Mr. Marks stated that the picket fence had been recently damaged. There was not a look on the buildings or fences that had not been put ou a second time. The front of the grand staud had been damaged only last Wednesday. The society was considering the expediency of erecting a caretaker's residence at the grounds. Cr. Bailes asked if it were only when football matches were held on the ground that damage was done. Mr. Sterry : On all occasions. Cr. Bailes : Was not the damage to the fence done at the first match last season ? Mr. Marks : Yes. Cr. Baile3 : Did not the Bendigo Club send up a competent tradesman to repair the fence inext day ? ■ Mr Marks : I believe they did, but I had to ■3end up a man to do it again afterwards. Cr. Bailes : Was not the £10 deposit lodged tfor last Wednesday's match ? The Town Clerk: Yes. Mr. Marks: It is not the footballers who do ;£he damage. It is those called the barrackers. The Mayor said the council was sorry to hear ithat their property was being damaged, and he was sure they would endeavor to stop it. The deputation thereupon withdrew, and the consideration of the subject was allowed to stand over. The committee then adjourned. Ordinary Mf.etino. CORRESPONDENCE. From Bendigo Hospital, asking for the use of a room at the Town Hall,to hold the monthly board meeting. On the motion of Cr. Abbott the matter was deferred for a fortnight. Cr. Bailes said it wa3 scarcely fair to expect^ the caretaker to attend the hall on these occasions, when he received no remuneration whatever. From the secretary Sandhurst Bowling Club, for permission to extend their pavilion at the Biowling green. Granted, subject to the super vision of Mr. Gadd. , . From Dr. James Boyd, complaining of the nuisance that had existed for a long time at 33ath Corner by young men congregating there, KiittinE on the window sills, and smoking and .spitting all over the footpath. Tho writer re .quested that the police be asked to enforce the enove-on by-law. Ou the motion of Cr. Pallett the letter was referred to the superintendent of police. ^ , » From the Public Health Board, inquiring what steps were being taken to remedy the defects mentioned in the health officer s report, re Mr. Blight's premises, where cases of diph theria occurred recently. The town clerk to reply, stating what had been done. From Mrs. M. Brooks requesting the council to remit the health rate on her •premises at White Hills. Referred to rates committee. From the Secretary of Mines stating that the council's letter complaining of the damage to eucalyptus trees by rabbits had been referred to the Lands department. Deferred until general business. . From the Secretary for Lands asking for a renly to a letter of 3rd November in regard to the occupation by Mr. J. Malone of a portion of a recreation reserve. Referred to Darling Ward members to report. ■ From A. Rehe applying for £110s for the loss of a calf at the cattle yards on the 2Sth April. Sir. Lloyd reported that the beast escaped through the manhole of the yard during the night time. It was very poor, and only worth 15s. Referred to finance committee.^ ' From the Government statist, stating that he could not ascertain that there was any ground for the rumor that portions of the city had been left out of the census returns. Received. From Thos. Tregear, calling attention to a dangerous state of footpath, Biack- stVeet, from Primitive Methodist Church to Thompson street. Referred to the city surveyor to attend t0'From E. Barry, objecting to asphalting of footpath from Sheepshcad-road to jMeale street, as he was under a misapprehension when he signed the petition for the work to be carried out. Referred to Parling W ard members to report. From W. Buttle, forwarding suggestions re steam trams. Received. From Bendigo United Cricket Club, asking on what terms the club would be permitted to make fcurf wickets on a portion of the enclosed part of the Upper Reserve. On the motion of Cr. Carolin a sub committee of the mayor, ^r?. : Pallett, O'Neill and the mover was appointed to .consult the club and ascertain definitely wlisrf j * they required and report to the council. i From secretary Public Works department, acknowledging receipt of accounts amounting to £55 l>3 re the poll of the ratepayers, and stating that the Minister v.'aa not prepared to pay more than L35. Deferred until genera bUFrUom3' Pyramid Hill and Col. una Railway League requesting co-operation in tion for a railway from Cohuna to lyaamid Hill in preference to the Elmore route, Lecene . From Bendigo Gas Company, granting per mission to form an open drain through leir premises in Bridge-street provided a pipe nun ho laid down when required by the company and a nominal rental of Is per annum paid in advance. Deferred for the surveyor s report. From E. J. Vealc again calling attention to necessary improvements in Burrov. es stree . Referred to Sutton Ward members to report. From Jlrs. K. Irvine, calling attention to the state of the creek adjoining her property in Wade street. Referred to B.irkly \\\ ard mem bers. . , From H. Hunt, for permission to clean out gutter opposite Botanical Gardens. Referred to ■surveyor with power to act. From North Sandhurst Football Club for per mission to play football at Show Grounds during ensuing season. Granted on the usual conditions subject to the dates not clashing with those of tho Bendigo Club. Frem Henderson, Bienvenu and others, drau ing attention to an obstruction to_ the general traffic in Maple street by the premises occupied by Mrs. James Allen, and requesting that steps bo taken to have the placc removed. Referred to Sutton Ward members. • From James Tingey, calling ittention totlic dangerous state of a trea opposite his promises, High-street, Referred t<) th? street tree curator, From the Tramway Compauy, asking the council to modify their agreement ami grant certain concessions for the formation of a new company. Deferred until general business. ^ From John Watson and Co., drawing atten tion to their letter of the 28th November in reference to inadequate accommodation for fat sheep and lamb3 in No. G lane at cattle yards. Received,^ and the writers to be informed that the council will provide the desired accommoda tion. Cr. O'Neill gave notice of motion for next meeting. _ From J. Jenkins, for permission to erect a signboard, across footpath opposite his premises, Bull-street. Referred to the surveyor, with power to act. REPORTS. ,1® Par^3 an_d gardens curator (Mr. S. ,G. G.uld) reported in rcfcrenco to Arbor Bay that 100 trees could bo pluntod at Golden-square this season, but it the reserve at that place was inteuded for a football and cricket ground he suggested that one half should be levelled and sown with grass, planting trees where necessary. When the ground was fit to play on the other half could then be completed. At the reserve close to Luke Weeroona some of the holes must be filled in and the ground levelled before any tiees could be planted. About 100 trees could be planted at the Botanical: (Hardens Reserve. None of these reserves had been laid out or, designed for any purpose as yet. This should be the first thing to bo done, and then any portion of them could be completed at different times. This could be done by letting small blocks to some of the poor men during slack season. Received. Cr. Carolin said he would give notice of motion for nextmeeting that the reserve near Lake Weeroona should be allowed to bo taken up by persons willing to improve it if it were too expensive for the council to undertake it. The city surveyor (Mr. G. Minto, senr.) reported the completion of the following con tract worksSupply of quartz for metal under Buggan's contract in Barldy Ward, widening Barnard-street west, footpath and formation. Queen street west, and improvements in Ham let-street. 4,999 pans and 859 lids had been delivered at the Town Hall. The third lorry under Henry's contract had been delivered, and the remainder of the iron bodies were rapidly approaching completion. The steam shed, tank, and stand had been erected at Keek's under Sweeney's contract, and completed less some minor details. He fully expected to have the boiler, the Blake pump, and washing apparatus fixed and in working order about the end of the month. When the existing style of lorry vans now in course of construction was designed, it was generally understood that three depots for the reception of nightsoil would be established so that the haulage would be reduced to a minimum. Recent events, how ever, put the plan of more than one depot out of the question, consequent!) by the cartage from, say, Long Gully, Golden-square and White Hills would be a serious item. The surveyor offered suggestions for the consideration of the sanitary cemmittee, re the style of vans for the sanitary service. Received, the matter of the vans being referred to the finance committee. The health officer (Br. J. M. Eadie) reported on the following cases :—Mrs. Ahernj aged 32, Wolstencroft-street, typhoid fever. Street channel in Retreat- road in a filthy condition. A drain from Goudge'9 slaughter yard, con tainibg animal matter flowing into it. A properly constructed settling pond should be made near the yard, and a well inclined asphalte drain formed to conduct the overflow to the creek. John F. Roberts, Booth-street, aged 30 years, tj phoid fever. John M'Loughlin, Bowling street, aged 34 years, typhoid fever. A block of land adjoining, in an unhaalthy state. Richard Barcy, Neil-street, aged 8 years, scarlatiua, House in an exceedingly unhealthy condition, in consequence of a broken water pipe having filled an underground cellar. George Mahony, Baxter street, aged 20 yearB, typhoid fever. Ellen Jackson, Neil street, aged 16 years, d'phtheria. Stella- Meeking, View-street North, aged 9J years, typhoid fever; a stagnant pool of water on adjoining premises ordered to be filled up. Melinda Gar side, Roeder street, aged 22 months, diphtheria. Frederick A. Mason, Happy Valley, diphtheretic croup, aged 10 years. Received. The report of the proceedings of the Tram way conference, which met on the previous day, was read. Cr. Carolin was arguing in favor of the report being deferred for consideration, and copies thereof furnished to the councillors in the meantime, when Cr. Bailes observed that the subject was fully discussed at the conference on the previous day. Cr. Carolin : We should have copies to know what we are doing, so that we may not make the mistake that we did previously. Ur. Bailes was the mover of the motion for the last tram ways, you know. Or. Bailes: Well, is there anything dis creditable in that. Cr. Carolin (ironically) : No. Cr. Bailes : Why can't you be a man, not the mean, contemptible thing that yon are. Cr. Carolin: Oh, I know what I'm about. Cr. Bailes: I would like ten minutes to tell you in plain Saxon-English what I think of you. Cr. Carolin: We wore all caught napping over the tramways last time, and I think we should be careful this time Cr. Bailes : It takes a man called Simmonds to catch you napping. Cr. Carolin : Simmonds ? Who's he 1 Cr. Bailes: Oh, you know him very well. The report was then referred to the finance committee. The city surveyor also reported with regard to Mr. Finn's letter of the 27th Febrnary draw ing attention to a heavy box erected over the footpath in Mitchell-street in front of Cr. Carolin's premises. He found that a permit had been granted to Messrs. Connelly and Co. in 1SSG to erect a lamp for Messrs. Carolin and Co. not less than eight feet clear of the foot path. If that was the box referred to by Mr. Finn, it was eight feet high. Cr. Carolin said that the letter that had been sent to the council in the first place by ilr. Finn referring to him as a councillor was not the sort of letter that the council should receive. The letter stated that the lamp was only seven feen high, and the report o the surveyor showed that it was eight feet high and in accord with the permit. The writer of the letter was evidently in such an excited state of mind when he measured it that caused him to state that it was only seven feet high, or he had purposely measured it and stated that it was on'y seven feetViigh. Everyone knew the relationship that existed between himself and Mr. Finn. Cr. Ellis : No. Cr. Carolin -. Bon't you know it ? Cr. Ellis : No. Cr. Carolin : Well I'll tell you. 1 was kind enough to make myself security for an amount of money for him, which afterwards cost me £500. I became his friend when he was, eolonially speaking, defunct, and I saved him from a catastrophe. Cr. Ellis : I rise to a point of order, Mr. Mayor. Is this the place to consider private affairs. Cr. Carolin : I think you are very cowardly. You told me that you did not know. Cr. Ellis : I don't know anything about other people's private affairs. Cr. Carolin : This is public. I am addressed as a councillor in the letter. Until your inter jection I was endeavoring to enlighten you. This council attempted by its action in re ferring the letter to the surveyor to throw some light on mo as a public man. (To Cr. Ellis excitedly). I am as fearless a public man as you are, or ever will be, or Cr. Hayes either. The Mayor : You have no right to speak to a councillor in that way. You must treat a councillor with respect. Cr. Carolin : I was doing a public duty when I brought forward the damaged state of the kerbstone in front of Mr. Finn's property, and councillors here throw all the mud they can at me for doing so. Cr. Ellis : No. Cr. Carolin : Yes. i3r. Ellis : Are you referring to me ! (3f. jC irolin : Yes. Qr. Ellis : When did I throw mud at you ? Cr. Carolin : Just now by your interruption. Cr. Ellis : I did not. I rise to a point of order. He has charged me with throwing mud. Let him say when. The Mayor (to Cr. Carolin) : Do you with draw the insinuation against Cr. Ellis ? Cr. Carolin : Why? The Mayor : You know what the law is on the subject ? Cr. Carolin : What is it ? The Mayor j I refer you to the by-laws. Cr. Carolin : I understand what the law is. A good many more of us may kuow a little more of it before long. This (Mr. Finn's letter) is a public document that, can't leave this council. I am speaking hce as a public man, and I have a right to protect myself. Cr. Ellis : I am speaking as a public man, and I object to U3 dealing with private matters in the council. The Mayor : Cr. Carolin did refer to private affairs, and Cr. Ellis was right in saying that we should not deal with private affairs in the council. You (Or. Carolin) have said that councillors are doing something against you. Jt is no use of you trying that dodge. They are not doing any thing against you. You have more leniency'shown to you than any otherman in the council. Cr. Carolin continued his attack on Cr. Ellis with'much vituperation, asserting that Cr. Ellis had by his action in supporting the motion, referring the letter to the surveyor for report, showed that he was intent on throwing mud at Hayes : I move that the writer of the letter (Mr. Finn) be informed that permission was granted to Carolin and Co. to erect the sign box,"and that it is in accordance with the regulations. Cr. Abbott seconded the motion, and depre catetj the introduction of personal mutter? into the council, and persona] recrimination ainon^at councillors. Cr. 0 J^eill deprecated the conduct of any councillor washing his "dirty linen" in the council, but Mr. Finn had sent in tt very insulting letter in the first place. Cr. CaroJin had a grievance in that respect, and he had a, right to refer to it. Mr. Finn's letter should not have been received. Cr. Ellis had said that lie did not know the re lationship that existed between Cr. Carolin and Mr. Finn, and Cr. Carolin was telling him when he interrupted. Cr, Ellis : Did I throw mud 1 Cr, 0 Neill: You did so by being a party to the reception of Mr. Finn's letter. Cr, liiliis : Mr. Town Clerk. Turn up the minutes. I thiuk you will find that I moved that the letter be not received. A copy of the Advertiser containing the report of the meet ing was produced, aud showed that Cr. Ellis had actually seconded Cr. O'Neill's motion that the letter be not received. ,> Carolin and O'Neill both apologised to Cr. Ellis. & The motion was then put and carried. THE COST 01- TIIE LATE POLL. The letter from the Public Works depart ment, given above, iu reference to the coat of the late poll re change of the name of the city • was again brought up. Cr. Hayes moved that the-letter be referred to the deputy returning officer {Mr. HoneyboneJ to report as to the manner in which the ex penses had been incurred. Cr. Abbott seconded the motion. Cr. 0 Neill moved an amendment that the department ■ be Informed that the council acknowledged no liability in the matter. Ho said the council had do power to pay a fraction of the expenses, and had all along declined to accept any responsibility. Cr. Carolin seconded the amendment, which was carried, Crs. Carolin, O'Neill, Pallett, Uailea and Ellis voting for it. general business. Cr. Bailes moved that the surveyor be in structed to have the footpaths in Moran-street from Harrison-street to Haviiah road placed in a proper state of repair. Carried. ' Cr. Bailes moved that the street tree curator be instructed to have the low boughs of the trees over footpaths removed. Carried. The .Mayor moved that the matter of erecting a lamp at the junction of Breen and Gladstone streets be referred to the Sutton Ward members Carried. Cr. O'Neill moved that the matter of erecting a lamp ln-Frederiek-street, near Mr. Johnson'! resideuce, be referred to the members for Barklv Ward. J _ Cr. Abbott moved that the town clerk be instructed to inquire as to the cost of the new public conveniences at present being erected by the City Council of Melbourne with a view of gaining information as to the adaptability of the streets of the city. Cr. Ellis seconded the motion, which was carried. Cr. Abbott moved that the matter of placing name plates on the corners of the various streets in Darling Ward be referred to the Darling Ward members. Carried. Cr. Hayes moved that the seal of the council be affixed to the mayor's nomination for elec tion oa the Fire Brigades' Committee for the northern district. Carried. On the motion of the mayor it was resolved to change the common seal of the city from " City of Sandhurst " to.City of Bendigo. Or. Hayes culled attention to some necessary repairs near the dam bank in Thunder-street. Cr. Hayes moved that the necessity of re pairing Frederick-street, between Valentine street and Iranbark Gully, be referred to the members for Barkly Ward. Carried. Cr. O'Neill referred to the letter received from the Mines department to the effect that the complaint respecting the damage to the' eucalyptus aud ironbark trees by rabbits had been referred to the Lands department. He said thafwhen Cr. Bailes brought the matter up he thought he was " barking'' up the wrong tree, but when he stated that he had it on reliable authority he (Cr. O'Neill) thought it was the forest ranger. It was news to him to hear that the rabbits were eating the bark off eucalyptus and ironbark trees! They must have been a new class of rabbits. He thought the council would look very foolish in asking the department to take action, and they should therefore write to the conservator of forests statinp that they were satisfied with tho infor mation they had obtained, aud that the rabbits were not doing the damage as alleged. Cr. Carolin said it struck him that someone had been having a loan of Cr. Bailes. In fact the information that the rabbits were eating the bark off the eucalyptus trees, startled him more than the anecdote about the goat (Laughter.) If they (the rabbits and the goat) were coupled together iu harness, he thought they would run very well together. He thought they were making themselves ridiculous in bringing such a matter under thn notioa of tho Government. ^ Cr. Hayes stated that at the last meeting Cr. Carolin asserted very seriously that rabbits were actually destroying bis property at White Hills. He (Cr. Hayes) saw the rabbit inspector a da,y or two afterwards, and in that officer's opinion there was never a rabbit on Cr. Caroliu's property. Yet Mr. Carolin said he wanted phospliorised chaff to kill the rabbits. Cr. Carolin:'I have taken the words down. We'll see if the inspector said that. Cr. Bailes 9aid that after the narrow escape that he had had of Cr. O'Neill's ridicule, cheered by his compeer, who thought the' rabbit should be bracketted with the goat, he (the speaker) would point out that Crs. Carolin and O'Neill were present when the resolution was carried. It did not then occur to those authorities on the habit of the rodent that they would not eat the bark of the trees. Mr. M'Cann, the Crown lands bailiff was not his authority in the matter. He had been seen by that officer, who said that he could not find a rabbit in the bush beyond the cattle yards, but he (Cr. Bailes) knew that rabbits could be found there. Mr. M'Cann was the gentlemau that gave the information to Cr. O'Neill. Then Cr. O'Neill came down there a.nd posed as an authority on what rabbits would eat and what they would not eat, and he wanted to cover him (Cr. Bailes) with confusion. Who helped to carry the motion ? WaB it not GYs. Carolin and O'Neill? Cr. Carolin : Didn't be vote for the goat ? Cr. Bailes (excitedly): On every occasion that he has had an opportunity he has voted for the ass, too.' Crs. Abbott and Hayes : Hear, hear. Cr. Carolin : Go on. I don't wish you to meddle with me. Cr. Bailes : I have a pretty good recollection of a saying that " he that meddles with pitch is bound to be defiled." Cr. Bailes added that he was in formed by a person that the rabbits were destroying the trees. He thought it was an extraordinary thing, but the party assured him that it was so, and he (Cr. Bailes) simply thought it should be brought under the notice of the department. The discussion 'hen dropped. Cr. Bailes moved that the city surveyor b« instructed to remove the loose stones from the Show Grounds oval. Carried. Cr. Bailes said that at the present time owing to the closing of the Upper Reserve the foot ballers were compelled to go on to the Show Ground. He did not know whether it was from any animosity to the footballers by any member of tho Agricultural Society, but loads of manure were being shot down on. to the ground. There was not the slightest necessity for that at present. He moved that tho attention of tho society be called to the matter, and that they be informed that they might lind a more con venient season for depositing manure oa the ground. Cr. Abbott seconded the motion. Cr. Carolin thought they might just as well write to the I'oolbull Association giving them entire control of tho ground. Ho thought they should pay some respect to the wishes of those men that gave their time to encourage agricul ture through the society. Cr. Abbott said he was a member of the committee of the Agricultural Society, Cr. Carolin : It would be a wonder if you were not. Cr. Abbott: I am connected with a good many things. Cr. Carolin : I know you arc. Cr. Abbott: I am sure if the society find that stuff is being pnt on the ground and that it is a nuisance they will stop it. j The motion was carried! MOTIONS ON NOTICE. The following motion by the mayor was deferred for a fortnight That the council take into consideration the best means of cele brating Arbor Day, and to determine tho amount of money to be expended." Cr. Carolin withdrew the following motion : —" That the mayor, in returning tho letter addressed to this council by the Minister of Public Works 011 the question of taking the poll of ratepayers ou 28th April, ISO], exceeded the power conferred on him under the Local Government Act 1890, the said letter being by resolution No. 282 as directed by this council." Ou the motion of Cr. Hayes the Harkly Ward public works committee's report dated 29th April was adopted. SH'.CIAL MOTION ON NOTICE. Cr. Carolin moved—" That regulation No. 31 for fixing the salaries, duties, retiring allow ances, etc., of officers under the corporation be, aud is hereby passed." Cr. O'Neill seconded the motion. Cr. Iillis moved an amendment that the matter be referred to a sub committee, consisting of the mayor, Crs. Bailes and Carolin and the mover. Cr. Abbott seconded the amendment. Cr. Bailes supported the amendment, pointing out that Cr. Carolin had not yet mentioned any reason for effecting tho change he proposed. If the matter were referred to the sub-committee he could then state his reasons, the whole question could be fully considered, and reported to tho council, Cr. Carolin opposed the amendment, as he was not disposed to have the matter referred to a sub committee, the members of which had consistently opposed every motion that he had brought forward. He was willing to let it go to n committee of the whole council. Continuing Cr. Carolin said Or. Bailes wants to work a point, as lie has worked a great many other points, but the points were never known till afterwards. . . Ct. Bailes : So doyou. Cr. Carolin : The member of Parliament— Cr. Bailes : Wouldn't you like to be a member of Parliament? Eh? , Or. Carolin : Perhaps I will be. Cr. Bailes : You will never do it. > Or. Carolin : No, not on threepenny beers; threepenny beers will not buy me ! Cr. Bniles : You know what you are if you say that I do that. 1 Cr. Carotin : You got the name of it. Cr. Bniles : I'd like to have you outside for five minutes. Cr. Carolin : I could get a man to take it out of .you for less than a couple of ipounda. Cr. Bailes: You have not got all your desserts. Or. O'Neill : I rise to a point of order. Tlio interjection of Cr. Bailes— Cr. Bailes : Well let him leave me alone. Or. O'Neill: The interjection of Or. Bailes is offensive. Cr. Bailes: What about the threepenny beer. Or. O'Neill: Well, your interjection elicited that. Or. Bailes: Cr. Carolin, in a most offensive manner, turned round to me and uttered the words " Member of Parliament" in an insulting tone. That is a breaeli of the rules. He has only to call me " Councillor" here. Cr. O'Neill only sees through Cr. Carotin's spec tacles when it suits him, and he could not see the offensive manner of Cr. Carolin towards me when he turned round, and uttered " Member of Parliament." Cr. O'Neill: But that came of your interjec tion. Cr. .Bailes (to Cr. O'Neill): I never insulted councillors at this table, and had to eat; the leek afterwards. The Mayor, said the remarks of Cr. Carolin had been highly offensive to Cr. Bailes in the first place. He (the mayor) had endeavored to stop personal recrimination, and he was happy to say that the majority of the councillors had all through assisted him. He had never, however, had that from Cr. Carolin, and as he (the mayor) was going out of office very Eoon he could not expect it, but if a councillor would get up and use offensive words to another it was not to be wondered at that retorts would bo brought out. He thought they should goon with the business. Or. Hayes said Cr. Carolin had referred to Cr. Bailes and the beer in a sneering manner. The insinuation that he threw out too was that we followed Or. Bailes. While I have been in the council I have followed no man, and I con sider such insinuations insulting and offensive. Cr. Ellis : I gather from Or. Carolin's re marks that he expects me always to go with him. Cr. Caroliu : I rise to a point of order. Cr. Ellis resumed his seat, and Cr. Carolin then did likewise. Or. Abbott (to Cr. Carolin); You got up to a point of order. Cr. Carolin: You have been asleep again. Cr. Ellis: I was going to say something, but it is not worth while. The amendment was then put and carried. Cr. Carolin: I call for a division. The Mayor: Well, I'll give you one. A show of hands is a division. Cr. Carolin : Who's an authority for that? The Mayor: I am an authority. Cr. Carolin: No, you are not. The Mayor: Sit down; I will take a division. Cr. Carolin: I'll stand here till you give mo a division according to law. The Mayor called for a show of hands, with the result that all voted for the amentment excepting Crs. Carolin, O'Neill, and Pallet1:. Cr. Carolin: I want a division. The Mayor: That is all the division you will get. A show of hands is all that is required for a division. Cr. Carolin: No, it is not. The names have to be taken down. The Mayor : That has been done. Or. O'Neill moved, and Cr. Pallets seconded a further amendment on Cr. Hayes' proposition (which now became the motion). The amend ment was to the effect that the matter be referred to a committee of the whole council. This proposal was also lost, Crs. Carolin, Pullett and O'Neill only voting for it. Or. Carolin (leaving his chair as the council adjourned) : There you are, nine heads are not so good as three, you see. See the way they do it. Cr. Ellis : Wo try to do our best. Cr. Carolin : You don't try to do your best. You would never have sat in this council if it had bnnn lenaum t-.hn.t- you woro flmnp; to join the "happy family." You would never have had a ghost of a show; no more show than I would have— The Mayor (having left the chair): Oh, go on. Be a man while you are in the Council Cham ber. Cr. Carolin : I am as much a man as you are. A better man than you ever were. I never insulted a woman anyhow. The Mayor (to Cr. Ellis): For the dignity of the council it is better to let Or. Carolin go away. The mayor was making for the passage door in which Cr. Carolin stood, and he put up his hand, exclaiming " Go on, go on." Cr. Carolin (heatedly): Don't put your hand on me ! The Mayor: I should be very sorry to lay my hands 011 auch a poor miserable representation of manhood us your are; Cr. Carolin (returning to the door hastily): No man would ever take notice of such a paltry action. With that Cr. Carolin slammed the door in the mayor's face, and took his departure, the mayor remaining behind for a few minutes. The meeting, which -was the most unseemly and longe3t held in the council chamber for very many years, lasted nearly five hours, the adjournment only taking place at 10 minutes to 8 o'clock. 