GALLEGHER. A NEWSPAPER STORY. (FROM SOBIBNER'S MAGAZINE.) (CONTINUED.) The detective and Gallegher put oat the cab's tamps and led the horse towards a long, low shed in the rear of the yard, Which they now noticed was almost filled with teams of many different makes, from the Hobson's choice of a livery stable to the brougham of the man about town. " No," said Gallegher, as the cabman stopped to hitch the horse beside the others; "we want it nearest that lower gate. When the newspaper men leave this place we'll leave it in a hurry, and the man who is nearest the town is likely to get there first. You won't be a-following of no hearse when you make your return trip." Gallegher tied the horse to the very gatepost itself, leaving the gate open, and allowing a clear road and u flying start for the prospective race to Newspaper Row. The driver disappeared under the shelter of the porch, and Gallegher and the detective moved off cautiously to the rear of the barn. "This must be the window," Baid Hefflefinger, pointing to a broad wooden shutter some feet from the ground. " Just you give me a boost once, and ril get that open in a jiffy," said Gallegher. The detective placed his bands on his knees and Gillegher stood upon his shoulders, and with the blade of his knife lifted the wooden button that fastened the window on the inside and pulled the shutter open. Then he put one leg inside over the sill, and leaning down helped to draw his fellow-conspirator up to a level with the window. " I feel just like I was burglarising a house," chuckled Gallegher, as he dropped noiselessly to the floor below and refastened the shatter. The barn was a large one, with a row of stalls on either side in which horses and cows were dozing. There was a hay-mow over each row of stalls, and at one end of the barn a number of fence- rails had been thrown across from one mow to the other. These rails were covered with hay. In the middle of the floor was the ring. It was not really a ring, but a square, with wooden posts at its four corners through which ran a heavy rope. The space enclosed by the rope was covered with sawdust. Gallegher could not resist steping into the ring, and after stamping the sawdust once or twice, as if to assure himself that he was really there, began dancing around it, and indulging in such a remarkable serieB of fistic manoeuvres with an imaginary adversary that the unimaginative detective precipitately backed into a corner of the barn. "Now, then," said Gallegher, having apparently vanquished his foe," you come with me. His companion followed quickly as Gallegher climbed to one of the haymows, and crawling carefully out on the fence rails stretched himself at full length, face downward. In this position, by moving the straw a little, he could look down, without being himself seen, npon the heads of whomsoever stood below. "This is better'n a private box, ain't it ?" said Gallegher. The boy from the newspaper office and the detective lay there in silence, biting at straws and ^tossing anxiously on their comfortable bed. V It seemed fully two hours before they came. Gallegher had listened without breathing, and with every muscle on a strain, at least a dozen times, when some movement in the yard had led him to believe that they were at the door. And he had numerous doubts and fears. Sometimes it was that the police had learnt of the fight and had raided Eeppler's in bis absence; and, again, it was that the fight had been postponed, or, worst of all, that it would be pnt off until so late that Mr. Dwyer could not get back in time for the last edition of the paper. Their coming, when at last they came, was heralded by an advance-guard of two sporting men, who stationed themselves at either side of the big door. " Hurry up, now, gents," one of the men eaid, with a shiver; " don't keep this door open no longer'n is ne-dful." It was not a very large crowd, but it was wonderfallywell selected. It ran, in the majority of its component parts, to heavy white coats with pearl buttons. The white coats were shouldered by long blue coats with astrakhan for trimmings, the wearers pf whiob preserved a cli^ueneea not remark- able when one considers that they believed everyone else present to be either a crook or a prize-fighter. There were well-fed, well-groomed clubmen and brokers in the crowd, a politician or two, a popular comedian with his manager, amateur boxers from the athletic clubs, and quiet, close-mouthed sporting men from every city in the country. Their names, if printed in the papers, would have been as familiar as the types of the papers themselves. And among these men, whose only thought was of tho brutal sport to come, wa6 Hade, with Dwyer standing at ease at his shoulder—Hade, white and visibly, in deep anxiety, hiding his pale face beneath a cloth travelling cap, and with his chin muffled in a woollen scarf. He had dared to come because he feared his danger from the already suspicions Keppler was less than if he stayed away. And so he was there, hovering restlessly on the border of the crowd, feeling his danger and sick with fear. When HefH finger first saw him he started up on his hands and elbows and made a movement forward as if he would leap down then and there and carry off his prisoner single-handed. "Lie down," growled Gallegher; "an officer of any sort wouldn't live three minutes in that crowd," The detective drew back slowly and buried himself again in the straw, but never once through the long fight which followed did his eyes leave the person of the murderer. The newspaper men took their places in the foremost row close round the ring, and kept looking at their watche6 and begging the roaster of ceremonies to " shake it up, do." There was a great deal of betting, and all of the men handled the great roll of bills they wagered with a flippant recklessness which could only be accounted for in Gallegher's mind by temporary mental derangement. Some one pulled a box out into the ring and the master of ceremonies mounted it and pointed 1 out in forcible languagn that as they were almost all already under bonds to keep the peace, it behoved all to curb their excitement and to maintain a severe silence, unless they wanted to bring the police upon them and have themselves " sent down " for a year or two. Then two very disreputable-looking persons tossed their respective principals' high hats into the ring, and the crowd, recognising in this relic of the days when brave knights threw down their gauntlets in the lists only a sign that the fight was about to begin, cheered tumultuously. This was followed by a sudden surging forward, and a mutter of admiration much more flattering than the cheers had been, when the principals followed their hats, and, stepping out of their greatcoats, stood forth in all the physical beauty of the perfect brute. Their pink skin was as soft and healthy looking as a baby's, and glowed in the lights of the lanterns like tinted ivory, and underneath this silken covering the great biceps and muscles moved in and out, and looked like the coils of a snake around the branch of a tree. Gentleman and blackguard shouldered each other for a nearer view; the coachmen, whose metal buttons were unpleaantly suggestive of police, put their hands, in the excitement of the moment, on the shoulders of their masters; the perspiration stood out in great drops on the foreheads of the backers, and the newspaper men bit somewhat nervously at the ends of their pencils. And in the stalls the cows munched contentedly at their cuds and gazed with gentle curiosity at their two fellow-brutes, who stood waiting the signal to fall upon and kill each other, if need be, for the delectation of their brothers. "Take your places," commanded the master of ceremonies. In the moment in which the two men faced each other the crowd became so still that, eave for the beating of the rain upon the shingled roof and the stamping of a horse in one of the etalls, the place was as silent as a church. " Shake hands," commanded the master of ceremonies. Two great, bruised, misshapen fists touched each other for an instant, the two men sprang back to a posture of defence, which was lost as quickly as it was taken. One great arm shot out like a piston rod; there was the sound of bare fists beating on naked flesh; there was an exultant indrawn gasp of savage pleasure and relief from the crowd, and the great fight bad began. How the fortunes of war rose and fell and changed and rechanged that night is an old story to those who listen to such stories; and those who do not will be glad to be spared the telling of it. It was, they say, one of the bitterest fights between two men that this country has ever known. But all that is of interest here is that after an hour of this desperate brutal business the champion ceased to be the favourite; the man whom he had taunted and bullied, and for whom the public had but little sympathy, was proving himself a likely winner, and under his cruel blows, as sharp and clean as those from a cutlass, his opponent was rapidly giving way. The men about the ropes were past all control now; they drowned Keppler's petitions for silence with oaths and inarticulate shouts of anger, as if the blows had fallen upon them, and in mad rejoicings. They swept from one end of the ring to the other, with every muscle leaping in unison with those of the man they favored, and when a New York correspondent muttered over his shoulder that this would be the biggest sporting surprise since the Heenan-Sayera fight, Mr. D wyer nodded his head sympathetically in assent. In the excitement and tumult it is doubtful if any heard the three quickly repeated blows th&t; fell heavily from the outeicfe upon the big doors of the barn. If they did, it was already too late to mend matters, for the door fell, torn from its hinges, and as it fell a captain of police sprang into the light from out of tho storm, with his lieutenants and their men crowding close to his shoulder. In the panic and stampede that followed, several cf the men stood as helplessly immovable as though they had seen a ghost; others made a mad rush into the arms of the officers, and were beaten back against the ropes of the ring; others dived headlong into the stalls among the horses and cattle; still others shoved the rolls of money they held into the hands of the police, and begged like children to be allowed to escape. The instant the door feli and the raid was declared Htfflefinger slipped over the crossrails on which he had been lying, hung for an instant by his hands, and then dropped into the centre of the fighting mob on the floor. He was out of it in an instant with the agility of a pickpocket, was across the room and at Hade's throat like a dog. The murderer, for the moment, was the calmer man of the two. " Here," he panted, " hands off, now. There's no need for all this violence. There's no great harm in looking at a fight, is there? There's a 100-dollar bill in my right hand; take it and let me slip out of this. No one is looking. Here." But the detective only held him the closer. " I want you for burglary," he whispered under his breath. " You've got to come with me now, and quickly. The less fuss you make the better for us both. If you don't know who I am you can feel my badge under my coat there. I've got the authority. It's quite regular, and when we're out of this d d row I'll show you the papers." He took one hand from Hade's throat and pulled a pair of handcuffs from his pocket. "It's a mistake. This is an outrage," gasped the murderer, white and trembling, but dreadfully alive and desperate for his liberty. "Let me go, I tell you. Take your hands off of me. Do I look like a burglar, you fool J ' " I know who you look like," whispered the detective, with his face close to the face of the prisoner. " Now, will you go easy BB a burglar, or shall I tell these men who you are and what I do want you for ? Shall I call out your real name or not ? Shall I tell them! Qaick, speak up— shall I?" There was something so exultant—something so unnecessarily savage in the officer's face that the man he held saw that the detective knew hini for what he really was, and the hands that had held his throat slipped down around his shoulders or he would have fallen. The man's eyes opened and closed again, and he swayed weakly backward and forward, and choked as if his throat were dry and burning. Even to such a hardened connoisseur in crime as Gallegher, who stood closely by drinking it in, there was something so abject in the man's terror that he regarded him with what was almost a touch of pity. "For God's sake," Hade begged, "let me go. Gome with me to my room and I'll give you half the money. I'll divide with you fairly. We can both get away. There's a fortune foe both of ua there. We both can get away. You'll be rich for life. Do you understand—for life !" But the detective, to his credit, only shut his lips the tighter. "That's enough," he whispered in return. "That's more than I expected. You've sentenced yourself already. Come !" Two officers in uniform barred their exit at the door, but Hefflefinger smiled easily and showed his badge. " One of Brynes's men," he said, in explanation ; " came over expressly to get this chap. He's a burglar; ' Arlie ' Lane, alias Carleton. I've shown the papers to the captain. It's all regular. I'm just going to get his traps at the hotel, and walk him over to the station. I guess we'll push right on to New York to- night." The officers nodded and smiled their admiration for the representative of what is, perhaps, the best detective force in the world and let him pass. Then Hefflefinger turned and spoke to Gallegher, who still stood as watchful as a dog at his sine. " I'm going to his room to get the bonds and stuff," he whispered; f ( then I'll march him to the station and take that train. I've done my share, don't forget yours!" " Oh I you'll get your money right enough," said Gallegher. "And, I say," he added, with the appreciative nod of an expert, " do you know you did it rather well." Mr. Dwyer had been writing while the raid was settling down, as he had been writing while waiting for the fight to begin. Now he walked over to where the other correspondents stood in angry conclave. (To be continued.) 