The Rev. G. Ivens on Manliness. I The Groat Question of the Day. Room for Practical Reform. Tine Rev. C. Ivens, preaching in the Pelion Church, Bradford, baaed hiß address on the lat Corinthians, lGth chapter, verse 13 : " Quit you like men." He 8aid : It ia inter- esting to note how continually, throughout the Old and New Testaments, there rings out this note of exhortation to manliness. And, BO far aa one can gather, the religion of the early Christians was one which attracted men. And in the first ages of the Church's history, there does not seem to be any complaining as to the few men who professed the faith of the Gospel. But we hive changed all that now, and from church and chapel, amid mutual bickering and recrimination, from conference and con- gress, in the religious paper and the secular journa1, the cry goea up, sometimes in cyni- cal, sometimes in pitious accents, '"Where are the men ? Why are the ministers of religion condemned to preach to congrega- tions made up in the main of women and ' children ?' The question seems to me to be one that presses for an answer, and for my part the ordinary matters in dispute be- tween high and low church, and between Church and Dissent, seem to me to sink into comparative insignificance as compared with thÍB, the great question of the day. Of course I know well enough the usual popu- lar answer supplied by the Press. The Church bas become too effeminate, too namby-pamby. Let her ministers be as manly as were the Apostles, and men would soon be drawn to value her ministrations. Well, there ia undoubtedly an element o£ truth in this. In the past, religion has been too much a sort of other worldliness, and Christians, in their desire to secure a happy future, have left the present world too much to take care of itself. But there is less and . less ot this, I believe, in tho present day. \- Ministers seem to me to be almost nervously over anxious to win the working men of England to the Christian faith. I only wish that men would come forward and Bay what thoy want. While our doctrines remain unchanged and unchangeable there is room for much practical reform, and I feel sure that the clergy would gladly welcome the straightforward criticism of the men of England. Anything is better than apathy and indifference. But I am not wrong, I am snre, my brothers, in supposing there is another and for less creditable reason which keeps men away from church and chapel. When you say, as you often do, that religion is not manly, have you ever stopped to inquire what you mean by manly? Does not being '" manly" mean too often the weak yielding to every gust of passion that may sweep across your nature. Is it not too often unmanliness, not manliness ; coward- ice, nor strength, which keeps you outside of the church ? Ah, my brothers, in face of your poor, weak drifting through lifo, your surrender to the vices of drunkenness, card playing, and uncleanness, does not tho form of tho truo man-the Son of Man, Jesus Christ-rebuke you? Do you not shrink from tho faithful imitation of that most holy, most manly, life, whom truly to follow is everlasting lifo ? Oh, consider, I pray you, sor a few minutes this afternoon, the life of Him, the pattern man, and see whether religion, or the cord which shall bind you to Him, will not make you moro, not less, manly. Yes, it must be so, because " in tho image of God created He . man." Deep down in the nature of tho most degraded is to bo found somo ' thing which is Godlike. Jesus Christ came into the world to sot us tho pattern of per- fect manliness, and also to furnish us with tho grace or strength which we need to work it out in our own lives. As I study the lifo of Jesus revealed to us in the four gospels I Bee there pourtrayed man's revelation (1) to God, (2) to his neighbour, (3) to himself. (1) At tho foundation of all true manliness lies that recognition of facts which underlies all roligioiiB worship. Mon in tho present day resent having homage extorted from them towards their fellowmen. Underlying this assertion of independence lies the fact which they believe iu-of man's equality. But is it so true we aro independent of God. After all, my brothers, "it is Ho who has made us, ana not wo ourselves.' Our lives aro in His hands." Now if this be so it ÍB surely no use running your heads against a wall. Eather it is tho duty of every man at fitting opportunities to render to God, His Maker, tho homage of reverent worship in His courts. How often do wo find our Lord to bo oDgoged in communion with HÍB Father in tho interval of rest in His busy life. And havo not wo seen in our time that great merchants like George Moore and Samuel Budgett, groat manufacturers like Samuel Morl ey, groat judges like Lord Cairns and Lord Hatherloy, great statesmen like Mr. Gladstone, have been and are men whoso lives found spaco within them for communion with their Heavenly Father. Oh, my brother, that I might porsuade you to bocomo regular worshippers within God's courts, and in your homos to take down from its dusty shelf tho family Bible. Therein you will find a flood of light which will illuminati) tho present and the future. You will be all the bettor mon, because you claim your rights as children to approach tho throne of your Father in Heaven. (2.) You have* relationship to those about you. Our Lord is admitted oven hy thoso who deny Hjs Divinity to havo a perfeet example in this respoot. My friends, if you would bo true men, quit you like chivalrous, tender- hearted mon towards your wives. How often do men troat their homes as lodgings, coming home simply to eat and sleep, and throwing all the responsibilities of the homo on the wife. Let your children see that you care enough for thom, not merely to send them to Sunday School, but also to let them soe in their homes tho truth of tho moral les- sons which thoy have learnt at school. If your boys are to grow up into true honest hearted men they will need to be moro care- fully looked after at home by their fathers than they are now. A real man would scorn, ono would think, to tako upon himself the responsibilities of husband and father, and then neglect thom aB so many do. But your life is not lived wholly at home. As men you spend many hours a day in tho workshop or the mill. How do you bear yourself thore towards your follow-workmen, especially tho younger ones. It ii sad to hoar of tho badger- ing, tho potty persécution that many a young lad has to go through because he was con- nected with a church or chapel ; how careful should you be as to your language ; even a heathen poet can toll us that " the greatest reverence ÍB duo to a boy." Shame that men in a Christian country should so often forget it. Again, no one who. knows anything of the life of men in this district can be ignorant of the intonso interest with which political questions oro discussed among them, and the cagornoss with which thoy read the papers which advocate their own views. And yet your opponents are men as well as yourselves: they are animated by motives as noble as your own. It makes one sad and indignant to read in the newspapers bitter unscrupulous attacks on political opponents-names great and small are to be often assailed with the most bitter abuse. You yourselves, my brothers, have a real influence on the papers which you read. It is because you are Bupposed to enjoy such strong language that it is Berved up to you. Your political life is a manly life ; the man who takes no interest in politics is cutting himself off from an im- portant part of his life and training here, but play the man, my brothers; do not forget the courtesies of life with your bitterness, and do not be so bigoted as to suppose that the Tories or Radicals whom you hate so much are all robbers, liars, or tyrants. Lastly, you have a relation to yourselves; I have little space in which to deal with it. "Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost.'' The true man will scorn to let the lower instincts and passions get the better of him : he will find in religion strength to keep him- self pure, grace to lead a godly (and so manly) sober and righteous life. O, my friends, " lift up the hands thats hang down, and the feeble knees." God ia our refuge and strength; in Him alone we can truly play the man. 