SPELLING REFORM:. Salient Points of the Orthography Bill Now Before Congress. The Fiftieth Congress ie considering a bin for " an amended autbograpby," whioh provides for a simplification of spelling. The bill prescribes that it shall t«ke (Sect upon all the Echools of the Territories and those ol the District of Columbia, Bnd upon the Military and naval academies and tbe Indian and colored schools in the Territories. Il declares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, committee or teacher in control oi any sohool described in this act, who ahBll refuse or neglect to comply with tbe require- ments of the act shall be removed from offioe. The bill begins by enacting that '-the following amended orthography shall he recognised as correct." The orthography referred to is grouped nnder the following twelve heads: First: The silent e shall he dropped when phonetically uselets, as in are, granite, eaten, rained, harken and eo forth. Write er for re, as in theater, meter, saber and so forth. Second: Drop a from ea,having tbe sound of e, as in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop o from co, having the sound of e, BB in jeapardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth: For oiaving the sound of a write n in above (abuv), dozen, Bome (sum), tongue (tnng), and the like. Fifth : Drop o from ou, having the sound of n, ae in journal, nourith, rough (ruf), trouble, tough (tui), and the like. Sixth : Drop silent u.after g, beford a and in native English words; drop final ue, as in guarantee^ guard, guess, guest, guilt and eo forth ; apologue, catalogue and so forth ; demagogue, pedagogue and EO forth; l.eague, harangue, tongue (tnng), and bo forth. Seventh ; Double consonants shall be simplified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, as in ebb, add, egg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, and so forth. Medial before another consonant, as battle, ripple, written (writn), and so forth. Initial unaccented prefixes, and other unaccented syllables as in abbreviate, -accuse, affair, and-eo forth; curvetting, traveller, and EO forth, _ Eight: Changed and ed, final," tot when so pronounced, as in crossed (crost), looked (lookl), and so forth, unless the e affects the preceding Bound, as in chafed, chanced. Ninth: Change, s to z in distinctive words, as in abuse, verb ; house, verb; rise, verb and so forth. Eleventh : Drop t in catoh, witch, and so forth. Twelfth: Change the spellingin the following words: Ake (ache), anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), coud (could), whole (hole), parlament (parliament), receit (receipt), rime (rhyme), sent (soent), sithe (scythe), wimen (women), yomen (yeomen) ; drop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change c back to s in cinder, expeuce, fierce, henoe, once, pence, scarce, since, source, thenos, tieroe, whence; drop the h of ch in chamomile,- choler, cholera, melanoholy, school, stomach; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereign; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost; drop gh in haughty; though (tho), through (thru); drop a in aisle, demesne, island: Provided, That the foregoing rules shall not apply to proper names. And provided further. that where ambiguity would result from the use of the said rules the old form may be retained. "J am a strolling player," groaned seedy looking fellow to a gentleman, on a country road," and do not ask for money, but only some left-off clothes." " My good fellow," rejoined the latter *' I am sorry I can't assist you. Times are now so bad that I wear my left-off clothes myself." " My daughter'Ann takes a great interest in esthetics," observed Briggs to Squaldig. " She could just put you to sleep talking about high art." " I see," replied Squaldig; " essthetio Ann becomes an anaathstic." Maud (reading title of picture): " 'A Hunt' for a Leech. What kind of animal do you suppose a leech is, Clara f" Clara (doabtfally): "Ob, rdon't knowi something like a fox, I should think," Alarm pfl pedestrian (picking tip a painter at the foot of a ladder): "My poor man, are youhurt nrachl" Painter: " Only three ribs broken. But I went down with colors" flying,didn't I ?" Wife (looking up from her book): ''Ton know a great many things. John. Sow what do you think shonld be done in the case of drowning!" - Husband: Have a funeral, of course." Mrs Arlington (jaBt married) "The goose liver you left here yesterday, was excellent. Let me have another. . But of the same goose, mind. My husband is vary particular.'' He (at a very late hour, with deep tenderness: "* How can I leave theet" ; She: "Why, really, Mr. Stayer, I can't tell you. I vrish toiieaven l coald.*' Mamma: " Edith, era yon tell me what iaith?" Edith (aged six years):: "Oh, yes; it is believing what yon know isn't true 1" She (vindictively):" Yoa need not hope io esoape me thns. The wounded heart never forgets. I shall .-follow- yoa to your Brave. 11 V .-.,•-.-;-. Hs (with bravado): "Not if jQHjP«' first." ' . • ,-..--, The worldisinot a ra&conrsettr;* biattlefield ora prize-fight. ^tiB ft place in •whioh each man is given ids own sphere to oocupy -andłue own dnty todo; and if that epheie be occupied honorably and that rduty done well, every inan is ohdonhtedly® vioWw janJ : a "fitBurvivor." - . ••: 