TIl: SpPIC CT t E CAPTAIN. Queer Acts of an Ghost lVtiicth HItunts a. Sto(enoer ill Brooklyn 13asin. "I'll never go out near the old Taboer again," said a well-known boatman of East O.allaud one Sudauy aJ he looked towards thu blalck hulk of the eteamnhlip William Taber. which lies near the Oakland eatu.ry. " Why not ?" Why, beeause lihe is )taunted. Last night I wLas out with a party, and I ran my boat in under the stern of the old ship. As we ootnl around on tile starboard side of the vessel samnl one hlllocd, " W\ho coeni there ? Dack water quick or I will ehuot." I looked up, but tow no one. With me were two lndies and gentleman, gucots froml Tubba' Hotel. They heard the voice, but, like myself, were unable to ree any one. "The ladies were badly fIrihltened, and begged me to pull away. I was about to do eo, when the watchman on the ship looked over the gangway and wanted to know what woo up. "'1Is it you people that is making that noise down there?' queried the old Ifllow. 'If it is, you had better otoer way, becauto I have heard notice enough on this ship to Snight without you people coming ulong and t aking any muer.'" A WHITI:TI hlrD FhiUlt. Continuing his story, the boatman vaid: " I pulled away to the shore, and as we cleared the ship I onw a white robed figure on the bridge. It was that of an elderly man. lieo had a flowing while beard, and was directing the helmsmann by hand signotlo. I saw as plain as could bo the eprectlro mo lioning to starboard, port, otcdy, etc., and occasionolly he would put down his hand at if to Dullthe slow down or back bell in tlhe engine room. No bell responded, bu;thoe figure on the bridge wrent lhrcoieh all tlhe motion,. Aft at the gcon1vgaty ltood the watchllmas, aind in the ehiten oe the moon. ligtht I saw the watchman of the ?tcnmer. lHia face was blanched anod he cllot us back. Theladicain thb boat were terrorrolticken and insistedupon my rowirg to tl.e tlore, I had no alternative but to comply. By the time I lanuded them the tide wtes l.udiug, and, although I wanted to go out to the veYsel, I concluded to wait uttil morning rather than row against ithe tide." Thit in substance wan the story told by Old Boub, thu well-known boatann in the llrooklyn IBasin. Thte man is noted for bit sobriety, and his isory to the , II.t that there is a spectre captain on the old Taber is conlirnued by a ltumbtr of cUnonietS who row on that portion of the bay known as Brooklyn estuary. ThI:y all ciaim to hbve esen the "old man lon tite bridge,"and are positive that it is not the wateobman of the ehip. Tile oldsttamer it full of legted, atld to enumeratotheon all would be almost itmpals. sible. Till: VC I.,' III,,T. ltY. Somcthing like I1t yearn a gotbe otcunmsihip William Tab r was dra.'e n up thilou;h tliae drawbrid -e ofaklar.d (l ek. T- ie teisi i._ onelt the old till', uteant ehillip. She in a Eide'?hoeet?tt.nlttr, and shen lis.:to put in the coaot trade ran in il po.itito to tie Goodell-l'erkiln stetr.mo lt. In this ,nietioll othe proved I lfornitdaItle rival, iireslotlhe tlios lohe carried pasOengers and Ireight i t such a reduction lie to ppal thie oeru, it t oft t S?iu - lr lsteamcer. Theconttolquncecwas that the old Taber got sal theo buiinoos andt, IBUgers going to coont pat to laid ouvr in order to ride on the veerel. Tihe rtgalar steamlern chllarged 20 dollars to V'iolotia and Seattle, while tlh opponition carrkd paneoitgeir.l to the paine ports for live dollare tecerage and 10 dollars cabion. The re?ult waI tIlit the rinvl cotlpanlits made a pool, and contracted to pI y the ot;nere 51000 dollas a mIonth to tli tih ,thip uP. Tec centract wae to run 13 lt Are, trd einece then the old vesecl haIs l? n l ,d t ip Tirle copper on her bull i Inoulhlt ed it d ti t ,. Tile woodwork of the bulwatkl iscIleit),l.p, bout the ougilnes annt lire Loxs, are in pit l ct trim, and thile old eblip can bto irtd ,up on a few hours notice, .nd puto into rervice. At theosame tittln tha p",. 10' of ] Lot Oilklnd Ithln: the William TLaber it haunitd, and if she ever goes to sea again they will not ride on her. 