THE DOCTORS SHOOS THEIB HEADS. "I would give s million dollar*- for a it<-macU," •aid a wealthy Amerioan recently. How, s osiHion dollars {£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the^rtiole even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaatln, of No. 3, Poplar Sow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rioh as many, being a gardener, bat he wai ready enongh to giva all he bad for one thing be hadn't got. Here it his •tory, and be shall teil it ia bis own wpy. Mr Gaskin goes on to «ay. " Up to eight yeaie a«o I had never loit an hour's work through sic&ness.; In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeaton, near Kottingbam, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and elime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often bad to remove it nich my Angers. My chest Diet to < fill' and my throat would swell 10 Iicouldn't button my shir; at tbe neek. I vomited a great deal, chiefly % ytilowiihgreen phlegm, I bad a racking cough, and would cough and strain till f bled at the nose, and the blood rutbed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. I tben went M out-patient to tbe Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six isonthi was very little better, I got so thin tbat I was like a ghost walking about, aod my friends said it was all np with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, thea worse, and at Ust the doctors recommended me to tr; a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former mister gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, tbat all tbe beds in ihe hospital were fall and I ear my club doctor, and also two doctors at Derby. T'ie first orie-iaid,' You are in a galloping consumption and rnrut die; the other doctors, altei souudiiii; oiy lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads, " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what ^little / could in his gardeus and grouDds; and some days I worked a little, end theD would be away for a few days. Thing* vent on like :bi« until December 1888, when J caught cold, got yery sbert of breath, and broke dosyn ompletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as tnuoh as a tpucm.ful at nce, and was afra\d\ to go to sleep fox fed,r the hlegmwou.d choice me. Ai tbig'time the white? of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry aod parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy •weat. My tongue was like a piece of browu learher, and J. could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three week'/ V managed io get pp for # fcojgrt jLt « .time, but aras «o w/eajc tjh»t f. had jlo Jtioftf fflrnitura to more a few yards, f pr^e tired and weary, and fitting or lying, wtt pzr&g; at ease and got no real rest. Toe weak to { often sat for houra looking at my hands—nothing Out akin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear tbe least noise, aod tbe children at play quite upset me. "Tbe doctor kept on atteodine .me, but lie «aid lean do you no goody 1 can only patch you up,, beause your lungs are diseased. I tuen gate urer 'taking lus medicine«nd tried everything I Could hear of. One thicg was a cough cure train London that cost a bottle. But nothing did any fioou, and my friends who came to «ee me . said,' tPdl you wont cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world' " About itie uitodle of Maicti, (889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatharn, who works in th<\- nxper mills at Darley Ahbey, said to me,! Tom, did yov. fver try Mother SeigeYs Syrup ?' and told we how he had been cured after being in the hoapital. He apoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my Wife to Derby and got b bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. Aftsr the first dose I had au evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the eod of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel'e Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at one, and have never lost $ day's work since. ?.'Of course my strength did not return all at opce, but after taking S|igel's Syrup for six montfw I was strong ai ever in my lite apd have continuci| so ever sipce.'' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr, Gaskin, requests ue to refer all doubters to him or 10 Mr. Eeetly, Head Gardener, D&rley; Abbey, who is acquainted with all tbe the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 23 years aod bears an exeelleyf reputation.. JNIow what was 'he complaint from which suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certain y (as one of (he doctors thought), or he would h&pe; galloped into his grace in less than three month lL'ufci.ad of growing wor^ for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or Chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantiy mistaken aud wrongly treated. Wheo the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on hii recovery, and commend the fjicts of'his case 19 aty thinking people. The Running Bboad Jdmp.—Malcolm yj- Ford writes as follows in Outinq:—J. S. Voorhees, who brought tbe running broad jump pro-- minently before the American public, and who held the best American amateur record, 22fi. 7| iq , from 1881 till 1886, would start 86ft. away from the take-off, up to which he ran with regular strides, measuring but 3ft. or 4ft. at first, but near the takeroff reaching in the neighbour? hood of,7ft. He was considered very good at taking off, and would lose 110 more distance by toeing back of the line than expected of an$good jumper. When Voorbees made his recor'4 jump he cleared in actual distance on one of iiis trials an even 23ft., but he toed back 9in. fron) the take-off, and the jump measured but 22ft. 3in. The actual measurement of his record jump was 22ft. 9in., which showed that he toed back 1 Jin. When making my best public recor$ of 23ft. 3i(i. in 1886, I toed back three-quarteiif of an inch ; but o» another occasion , wheii jumping 22ft, ll£in., I toed back 5in. from the edge. Sti'l, on anther occasion, when I jumped 23ft. lin., £ toed oyer between 2in. and 3in.. and if 1 had toed over an inch farther I probably ifould not have cleared 20ft., on account of either slipping into tbe ditch or losing th? spring froo) tbe ball of the foot. The feeling amongst Victorian farmers and graziers in tbe Traralgon ^Gippslapd) district ic. strongly io favour of Mr Webb's proposals' to' in» crease the stock tax to £1 per ht-ad. The Tpou» gabbie branch of tlie Farmers' Association tins deter; miued only to support Farliamentaiy candidates at the next general election who express tbemselyee sympathy with the proposal. A Finn occurred »t the' Caledonian Buildiq^ Melbourne, on'Satuiflay rooming, wheq. tha daigsja^ [ done is estinjgted^at £25,0Q0 S 