DEFINITIONS. Our readers were invited to famish definitions in verse OT prose of the following words: —•. Valour, Veteran, Vice, Villain, Virtue, Vixen*, the verses not to exceed eight lines, and the prose definitions not to exceed forty words. publish the following this week:— VALOUR. The courage of the politician, who, on having an appointment in the Ministry offered him, says •' No." The perseverance of the mathematician who- - solves a biquadratic equation while a spasmodic hurdygurdy is played under his window.—CORK* SCREW. . The nerve of the man who, with his hands tied behind him and blindfolded, will walk backwardsdown the steps of a deep dungeon haunted and infested with ghosts, howling dingoes, cobras, death adders, mice, mosquitoes, pismires, politicians, and 'possums.—Jo MCRNA. The virtue Captain Cuttle didn't display in thepresence of Mrs. McStinger.—OXONIAN. VETERAN. A noble old warrior, who dauntless lias faced The foe that has threatened to blow out hia brains; The pilgrim, whose features have long been de«- With the wrinkles of care and affliction's sad pains; The feeble, decrepid, and manacled slave, Who longs for repose in the peaceable grave.' COLUMBINE. My uncle Harry is a veteran, But uncle Edward is a better 'un; Though not a gambler nor a better, yet He married Betty Betterton, you bet. WILDBIRD, The hero of a hundred fights, To keep for man his cherished rights. And help him to be free. The soldier, oft in want and care, Forgotten by the maidens fair When old and poor is he. Alas, that those who for their country bleed, Should be deserted in their time of need. B. S. S. A lawyer who knows how to fleece one with fees. A horse that has studied hard roads on hi-s knees All his life—say of years twenty-three. A soldier bedecked with bright medals and fam?, Who, though crippled aud lame, will yet always be game While a leg is left on him, yon see. An old salt who has sailed all his life o'er the bl'ie. A pugnacious, audacious, old-man kangaroo. Jo ML'KSA. A character which all men do their level best to - attain, yet dread its approach. A title often conferred upon those who deserve no other.—CYNIC. To DAXKEN GREY HAIR.—Lockyer's Sulphur Hair .Restorer is the quickest, host, safest, and cheapegj. r<arge bottles Is. fid Everyz93fahaa 