CHIIAPTER VIII. Ai E.ErY ? rAND ,t ARIEND. Aro tho ponles readyl, Guy ?' SYes, alr. Shall I send for Constance ?' 'Noton any account. She is dressing, atse wouldnot havo her hurried. Sho hla as lttlo need of the aid of the toilet as anybody could have, but I like to see her come in with that cone posed, queenly air of hers, lookingas if dress cro the last thing she hlad thought of. And it is only because sho isa always so faultlessly dressed that aho can look so.' I :1 Guy smiled fordoring the two week teo that had elapsed alnco the irst coming of lhis cousin, Sir Illchard's infatuation for Iis dughlelr lnd eon stantly grown, so that he found a ploneero in ss crthing to her nlI tlo attributes of a qae n, ora goddess, or both. IlLut Guy was il no wise disin clined to agreonwth llis unsecle, for to hlim, too, she was the perfecteon of womanklndd. lis feeling for her was one of wild longing and bhnd wor lo wards er father ale0 had boeen almost unt formly nffetioneto and kind, and the old man lhad, ureder tile warming inflneonco, lost all Iof tlat piteous tnimidity which lier first cold greating of hie hlad oeegendered. Ifn was lIer fatler, and sbe blls deneghter, ad hles pride and adoratione of leer was boendless. llut towanrds Ony slloe ad main tained a reserve which slhe rarely broel thLrough, and it seemed to act rather as a spur to Iles pa sknl thaen as a detelrrent. Shefa nle down Ills mnorning dressed, as ler fthelr 1ad s.id, faultleselcy hlt it n as eot bo auso, as hle tholeghlt, alee gove eeey great earn to tier toilet, but ratllhe becase hale lal tile lnetinct of goed taste, whlich enahlcd her to slubordilnate her rthlles nu lolvelthem a charnacter inatcead of taking one from them, las so neloaeio?leeei T'oTi the expense of seeming overdressed. SShe smiled brightlly at her artelr, and corerl* Oleslyoteoy, need tlee latler tereed nawy witle a stil ehtetto theoermer advanced nodd took her eande wetllhtle norrds: Ilfl dit not now better, I should think you had the Graces for handlmaidens.' Anld I should tleink I lead a lover instead of a fat her.' ,S lover as well as a father, my darling. I do not think any man will ever love you more,tleoghl he may love you differently.' 'Wley cannot a father's nlove be enoug l?' she asked, with a strange shladow In ler wonderful eyes. eTie ponies are nwaiting,' said Gey, in a tone that sall plainly enougle that he lad no heart flr such conraeno. Thley were going to a garden party at Vyner Castle. For two weeks, as Sir Rlicltlard ald foresrenthe Ilhall had been beaselged by all tebo aristalcrac of tle conunty, w lald come tno see tle auddenly foued daeglterC of Sir Illichard Iartleigb. And eoc the Srat a la rers rf Iretlivtlles In ler hoior hlad been prepared by Loerel Ialedol]el Yyeer, eed tlec wleoto comiety, ltd bLy tleo Deeo aeed eacleas of Ileldaire, eos l Ie tlere, Tho garden party was the resllt of a eonroversa. tiole between the little Lady Oladys Vyner and her mother. TThey hlad been to see tle fair daughlter of HIartlighl , anl hlad come away with amied emotions. Ne'ltlerlspokoe tlll thOC earrla g was well away from tihe Hall. Tlleen said Lady Olasysa: l' What do yoe think of her, mamma ?' ' She is very bIautifl; aed a true llartlelghl.' SYes; and there stems no reason for tle talk leat she has not been broughlt up as a lady.' ''No; her manners amo absolutely perfect. Blood alone could not do It. Shel has had theeduecatllona necessary to a woman of faslhion.' ' lHavo you heard it said that sale and Guy are to lIe married ?' hIlls Grace of ealohIro had It from Sir Rlleeard hetneself.' 'Why did you net tell me beforeo' and tihe little lady lwith tIlhe angel face and hleavenly blue eyes lla?ledl a glance at her mother that told a steery of sarne temlper hllddel away under anil thae sceret ellectl leas. SNeeo, h ledys ar, ea ee hu' bee unreasonable. thlet wvs tIlo elea of teclteeg you e' 'It woueld hare saved me tile eeortllcation of dlicoveerilrg for nylf tLllat Gy lhad nlo eyes ex eelpt ler leer. 'I vould nlot give another tlloughlt to Guy, my deer. 'I dhlll not say I wo ll. Idll you notice that neeall,' eI a e eeetion tleat lend anly rclerencc to 'I eanct say that I did.' lTeeeee ercepnlle llin ellel.' yout 't 'lerero Cewilt lbeellte ccl eel reetcee )icn ellsaeed letae s glea 'ell n t ie lee le eor, e I Ie thltl.' c re ll o ,; uitrL lrr a ll r e l e llele 1e eIeeglclce. ]tle , 'n. ttc ee ICtl I i,? F{. n o nl. Ieteu i'eorecele eereee tehe 'eteyeceeetleh etWhaetero yeeoe hetoeelee iecneeeeeleae 'I leae'oeneeetlleeeeelele le Iel eeer.' SWhey eel iI Oeei ee btrde, lee Ilyl [ v wsery eeg. eleee eeo ll II e I tll.(t Ise ale tile hvlllte at(n et etee so e ha111 cwe will tee Ilee.1 IeseJ lee cleee eccee cccl. 111 11 ~P1 (I1 teocelreelyv ra, eleeIf?lee c se is,' eeeewerdelt~aly V'yneer lfeeety. ' Nlheleteccll leel tee ieell ,terlhcc cee1e. Ve'eceeee Eillelh ele'lloe'elt elit elec i erI I sei d it eilllllll teheee ,Ilctl.ll AI.eele'e coce y ier, te e fIrstee, e In tre' vCtel tecet hal timll I~lll.lIll ln 11111~( 1~11111 l it? sI t 14ll lt ?lllllr t hlyll i I1III I qln l III hlcb theII· tlud.ill Itoeenl e el heo ,a?, l ih,?ee tiehll t 'ill, I'll ee l el e el e ee Il eee oe11 e ti n ececel, £ ccl , IP I coill ce lilll e'', ito the ee'elltl, e t ylee'' e l ineiee ITih eeillee, LIee I ',l lv It ec ecele Ieelan e eeleeeece. lleh tilirt ,X,' III ..... y |1 I ....... I I,¥ tl 111 1 ... ... . I " I ..... . t,) S111,(111( ee' lecceltecel e'eeeeeleecccec 111~ ee, lee eteetlt'. eelt< eeeee cece 1t . 1 eIaeee Ine , h, a Ill e t l l lellllll ee e tht d l ecl eal vec h l eC eelnt +%1,{ v rll d,,l y, l hltll g c1 ul llaall Iii,4+ii at illle. ItI ce1 I I, le le i rl,'.~ t th l i il to L r eeetl e' vtlwet l e e le l I 'tInv.eltve ee' 1Icc elu, ''ee, te+,,, )cc l 'ee eear Iee'. lIe . l e.~ tl)'. eetl't,,l I ceece 'ec., cc e e~atee Ccv Iteccecr ic, ccl,' ii i 0l, I ei.e' cc "l' le lesIeeec ee ce hil e' c tecee" ' Id~l' ll~ilha . h eel e ecii eteeeei l ..lj'# i l et ce Ieecc cc' ia cc h chct ,m h ilee eee h e n ieheto ,, i etl Ileo'iceeierer h~rleeee tile ealoece Ihlceecglet dO o cc elue le C sleoll Cihe II o?leoce I do tereri, S(If eovrte you .ill. lWhl don't yen get tfny to tiarel \or ? lHe ii a splendid pla)er--th best • ,;I a tll it, ya 1. , d anld aomeltim I will qt? oila tit 'bh'; ...J how,' S1. wil Jo that now. Come. Genllemrn, 1 -5ill- 1 igr i !h ? ?l,: Imy iy, and Iwta ill idnow ! ,,y i aI h"-, ai., ri portil of the plan , thi,; a l Io i, h-pl.y her ton grace at, no ~r a,",c, I Ilh:e i?1s.'adeac t tar atocphyel,t eb rHo d .m to d al t ,ointLIt t; for Contistoe, {itoth, a.ce, ss'al tone wlho las madae`study aof l ftllrtg. nlie Ivh',v tolatirniithot awkward te.' l.dacd itwascat tlong before tilceewere tza're?inls of inrediity that shao ,ad never piayed before. Lady Gladys herself said : SOh, you must have pldayd beforo. Wily, to say nothing of your play, which is quite as good as mry owlln, one nsil have lived enticily out of the world not to hat e learned lawn tennis.' Constance turned her dark, searching eyes down on the little creatureo aot studied thefaeo ith llits innocent bhlo eyes and guileless man iler. ' lave i an enemy heroe?* ho asked herself. I a nnntdeceived by the child's simplicity; bat why shouhl the dislhke are! I will watch her. A. mal I Tmay deceive, but a woman, even each as this, is more to be dreaded than ten moil. ' 1 have lived out of the world, you knw,'she said, alou,iwithout betraying a particle of annoy S(Ih, tl thought yeon had spent your time in travelling,'and the blue eyes sought Ithe brown one tl wilth a ry prettlly assumption of lno ' .Ad so I have, and thallt is no doubt tero can-o why I have not learned to play lawn Thle broo, eyeas were inscrutable, and the blue ones turnoe ) a?ay with just the ghost of a flash in ihte,. They tad learned nothing, and Lady Illdla nit; inot care to carry her inquisition any * Olt, >/. re is his grace I' sih exclaimetd. 'H ea you coato to admire Miss Ilartleigh's playing, ' I to:u preptared to admire anything Miss Hart. leigh Jes,' answered the duke, gallantly. 'n that cae,' said Constance laughingly, ' I shl%1l take care lnt to try anything in the presence Lof our race that lI am nlt Eren oft doing well. .td as thIis game is finished 1 will take yotur Iat'o a arm ctni listen to yot for I can always +iWhat flattery I It deserves i punishment. I lhall refuse you ay art and tiurn you over to ao younler man. lier is my nephew, Lord Alg'r non Lintel. Algy, conme here.' Constance eglanced up and became conscious of one of the most exquisite faces she had ever seen. It had In it nothing of manly strength, but it was fullof t sweetness and refinement seldom met even in a woman. It had lines in it that told of pain suffered, but there wits nothing to indicate nythling but submission and resignation. There was an infinite pathos in the largo violet.blue eyes and in the delicate, sensitive lip, but there was cheerfulness, too, and Constance was won by the face, even before lher womanly pity was aroused by the sight of the frail body and crippled limb which went with the rare face. Algy, this is Miss Ilearlleigh. 1 turn her over to you as a punishment for using a man's weapons. Sihe flattered me, Algy.' Algy looked into the beautiful face, which then was in its sweetest phase, for it was filled with oelt pity, and his large eyes lighted up eagerly, as hl said : SIf Mise Inarileigh will permit herself to be disposed of sunlntraly, 1 shall be happyas well as fllttered. It was lnot said with an air of gallantry, and Cunstancle did not rae iva it as such. Slhe an* sweweld aitil tee rare rltilu: I hLava just received my first lesson in lawn tennis, and 1 shall be glad to sit down somewhere and latch tile others.' SIf you would rathller walk about, it will not tire ma, lie saidl, with frank simplicity. ' 1 am lint strong, but I am not as frail as I look. tBe siele, thlis is one of my best days. Shall we eNot now, please. I want to become ac. intated with you, ad we can talk better if yea ait.' a Does that mean that Toll think you will like me?' She turned her eyes on his face, so lull of an eager sincerity, anrd answered with a faint snmile : ecc- aleh PH^'lDý a.duaauakcyil'-in-a.duegj fann.L lntentions.' ' But I liked you at once, and It seemed to me tllat you liied mei as quickly. I am not danger. ons, cOu knowa,' lie glanced at lhis crippled limb,' anld ato may liheo e Ias mutch as you can. 1 am surelthat youtand 1 can understand each other. W\e are in sympathyn . don't mean pity for my misaortunes ; t cverylaidy who is strong and well pities me: bult there are not so many who can comprelend thlat the soul Ihas longings indepone dent of tllu bcldy. Perltpls I tiro you. Ioamanot morbidl, thlough I tmay seentt so. 1 think Igam haslllier tha ianaiiy taito think they have more to tl happy frl?' They we tro ltting now, and selo laid her hand on his, with al litter abllcce of any sensoll dilf gfreneo in sex, and saiId earnestly : 'I know just what you tmean.t I did like you at once, stanll 1 hope ae shall be friends.' Il yonere, at. an, are feriends. Now tllat we ar leat l,l let itsna kow arnnre about es?rh otber. Ynou knowtne,I fancy, I am Algernon intel, Mlarqeull td lerait, and hear to Iho dukedom ol leldairc ; a wgreat deal lor such a poorwretch as I, is it ot?' IIo laughed plIasantly as he spoke, nad she smlltd as if shlo could collreihend his feeling. ]It recogtlised her sympathy, and in the srame merry way, alsked : 'Ifttl" ertna youl tl b al 3Iis alnrtleighi? They say you are Sir llicllarl's daltghlter. Oh, I ask yourpardon. 1 hive said soenetlhitg wrong.' Not so. 1 sI have been separated from ly lalther for many years, an'l now I lave returned Ihome agalh.' She felt his honiest, searching eyes fixed oil her, and fell uneasy, tLhiUgh not int the least resentful. lIe listened to her,and, when silu ceased speaking, said, earnlstly : SWe can help each inther, 1 am stlra now. 'You have sualtred;l I una afraid you sallor Irnow. i'Who can telly Inmay Ia bo nas much servien to you as you to nc. 1 do nolt care nluch for self-appointed prophets; but I hIav ait feeling tllat aome day I can help yea. If ev.r 1 can will you letmne? And will you forgive tieo fur having spoken asI hare y' Mlalada listentd to hinl with a sort of terror. It was to her as though he wmre reading the story of lher misecry, past, lreaent and futurell . Slhe pressed her Ilantis oacr Ier Ieye is if allo wotld sihut out tlla ictult he had conjured itp. Then she with drew ate halwnld, antd with a alid ,almilu answered, s?uftlly : k etw, I I:tavo nuiitcl, nnatt, I sutppose, oucst still sull'tr m~unla; but it is aestly eta ting of tiwe pat, and 1 do not tlllnk of It It can help it.' ' ,oNrgivo he for what I have do I .'l ' No, ne are fricelda. eu kInow each other now. lhlt do not let uC talk of weah things again. llear theu ahouts I Hole?cltdy has made a good play, r fcnaty. n It tas tia . I think. I hear them caill calling his mraue. eWhat a nblo i fellow le Is I 1lw a tle a es n mel think lof the old knigits, ihe Is eat, utlanalcldly goao actl genearous. You agree aith ire,i da ,yoannt? And he ltis hhlandsomest nlat ie l aenhlt.'l a pI a uppIe Lhat I cant alpreal. athluacI1 a piciCet maiodI al tf mailay strangthR and gltodl!nss much as a woman nlmust, being so weak "lllimlla aIll(lvered alllctltly, and wonld lhlae hllangld a Ih oilltveratilsll haId sho Ilot been rc. lirevatoll tia neessil y aby eollg lilty applraclllhg aith Lady (iladnv oil Ils aisa . Slao isianttly ea. alaaa cai nna alllllllatlt hI eaelt foar slle had a strlllage ftelitg thltt ill t Itamtt way sia was to ae put to tle ast. Slnli l4it legUi to leeOk upoit Lady Oladyi 