BREAKFAST ROLLS. (Br THE Oateber). A MERRT CHRISTMAS. May my readers' shadows never grow less. ? Let me also hope that each reader of " Breakfast Rolls " will to-day ait down to a good dinner, _ : And enjoy-the society of relations and good old friends. 'Tig a glad Beason One of peace and good-will._ If each one strives to make it so, then happiness will reign supreme. Cannot do better than refer to the rhymster, "Who always has something appropri ate. Here, then is one of his wishes, written long ago, Before the dayB of Good Templars, who denounce the nut brown ale I wish you a Merry Christmas, And a Happy New Year;. A pocket fnll of money, And a cellar full of beer. .This comprises the sum bonum of our requirements. With a pocket full of money one can do lots of good things, And with a cellar full of beer-es pecially if it is locally brewed-^one can make the hearts of his friends glad. The Borough Counoil meeting on Wednesday evening lapsed for the want of a quorum, Hope nobody refrained from turning up through fear, of being called upon to join in the " Wishing you a Merry Christmas" business. There have been a few little bicker ings and bitternesses in the past; But there is no reason why such should be perpetuated. 'Tis Christmas time, a reason when even a Vines and a Stratton should Bhake hands, and forget all about bush engineering or any other imaginary grievance. Let all be White men for once. And feel as jolly towards eaoh other as Little Willie does when ont for a holiday. Go in nolent volena for the cultivation ; of that beautiful little olive branch of peace. Anil if old Dame Envy appears on the scene, Palmer off with a kind word and a lovine smilo. These would effectually lay tho ghost. Therepresentatives in Parliament were still io harness, last night. But now they will be able to use their -passes and fly home to their mountains. They talk a lot, but are not such bad follows after all. - As a rule their intentions are good. Even if their tonguos are let loose in the heat of debate. After all they have not been very unkind. A.s bo many u innocents" havt* not been BlaC-Sfttered aa was once thought would be tk"1 case SomO have been Speight-ful towards the Chailrniau of the Bailway Commis sioners, But that Vetoraii is just about as good a diplomatist u18 oul' friend Pascoo, More than a n^ateh for many of the clever fry of Victo.lJa" Speight has to ac?t. Hon. members do the talking. Now, lot us hope they will forget for the nonce even politics and tho beat managed railways in the world. Aud crack walnuts and jokes in their own houses. There is nothing going on in the town, And naturally subjects are few and dry at that, 3 Like.the children of Israel in Egypt, even the " Caterer of Breakfast' Rolls" I can't moke bricks without straw, ' And to find something fresh and pertinent at all times is. not one of the easiest tasks imaginable. During the year he has attended a few weddings, And -Shall he now tell a secret ? Ho had the audacity on every occasion to stand up and say that he was not pleased to be present, beoause he felt an air of disappointment. v Over what ? You will'ask. Just this, that he . declared he had had his eye on eaoh one of the brides, and would have liked, had the young ladies been willing, and the law of Vic toria allowed it, to have married the lot himself. They were all BO charming that he could hot turn his eyes away from''be holding'vanity. . . .. \ " Bad hoy, that ' Caterer,','' most of you will say. v...; Perhaps he will think differently later on. " Time will steal away, the, roses," and then, of course, the charm will ex. pire. Ah, well, there is an advantage, »ome say, in bachelorhood after all With no one to ask you if it should happen to be early on Christmas morn ing on seeking your virtuous couch " Where were you last night, John P I waited for you till I was weary, then fell off to sleep, and I had a dream. .. " And in that dream I saw you frown ; then you told, me to hurry those young brats to bed. " Aye, aye, thought I, there was a time when those young baby fingers did not vex yon then as they do 'now." But'Twas only a dream. Let us hope so, just now, this Christ mas Day and for ever. " God bless the young prattlers," say I And is it not worth all the gold and silver in Australia to watch the young olive branches rush for the stocking in order to see what good thing ,old Santa Claus has sent them. . . What glee! what smiles ! What genuine happiness ! Just as they find the old stocking if there is nothing more than a threepenny bill concealed in it. Then the happiness is intersified at the loving wife and mother casts one eys at the little ones, and one at their father. With an extra merry twinkle in each. Ah, the soul comes forth in the eyo, then, and the mainspring of the heart it almost ready to burst from its rivets in the exuberance of its joy. God help the poor little ones who have lost by death the loving Bmile, and the tender cavessess of a mother. If you know of any, be kind to them for once. And shed a ray of sunshine acrosi their dark, dreary path. They need it. Let our determination just now 1)6 to " Bcatter seeds of kindness." They cost nothing. <'. But their value is inestimable. 'Tis a pity that the race for life puti so many obstaoles in the way of being kind. But 'tis so, and we too often in these days forget to " bear one another's bur dens and so fulfil the law of Christ." Much of this is attributable to for getfnlness. But better late than never.' It it neiver too late to do good- : ? To give the cup of cold water in the name of Him whose birth we celebrate to-day. ' Let this be the stocktaking time with each of us, and if we find in our naturs the existence of that which is uselesi and impedes our doing to others as w» would wish to bo done by, Then act like the drapers Clear out the Itad stock at any sacrifice, dust the shelves, and contract with tho Great Manufacturer for a large supply of the milk of human kindness. With the New Year turn over a freah leaf. 