f8i SKETCHES, A Biver Ramble. A RAMBLING SKETCH. By L. L. What a glorious thing in a hot, dry land is water — running water ! What a beauteous object is a running river in the height of an Austral inland summer. Not that, as a rule, there is very much of either the picturesque or the beautiful about its surroundings — generally the contrary. It is the water, the cool, limpid, running water, ' that ravishes the hot aching eye, and throws a halo of beauty over the commonplace. The banks may be forested witn thistles and burrs, or may be'simply dusty sheep-runs. What matter; the water is there, clean and sweet and cool, and, above all, running 1 When a m£.n gets under the lee of a wire-fence post and crouches in its scant shadow, shade is scarce. 'When the one thus situated chews grass ? stems. to assuage his thirst, water is scarce. I, ? some time ? ago, came across a man in such plight. It was roastinglv hot. The air quivered with the neat, and scintil lated and throbbed Mich the intensity of it. Mi es a« ay over the great plains lay like faint clouds the broken outline of tlie scrub timber. And hero sat this unforr.uratp, with his back jammed against a belar post, und his legs extended scrupulously along its nicafrrt: shadow. ' How far to water : ' lu- gasped, removing his grass stem, as I rode up. '* Twelve miles.' ' Oh, law,' lie exclaimed, 'I'll never do it ! I'm baked ! What a simpleton I was to leave the river, an' try these back tracks ' The significance of this lamentation did not strike me at the time. Nowtwclve miles is a long way in which to double-bank a horse of a sultry summer's day, be he never so good — ta say nothing of the weight of a heavy swag. However, it appeared a case of necessity, with absolutely no escape from it. I carried him to a tank close to which stood a chrpherd's hut. The water was hot and noisome with a thick green scum on its surface, but lie drank and drank and drank again, as if it had been of the coolest, clearest oi earth's springs. In vain I warned him. He be came very ill indeed. But I had not carried him that distance to have him die on my hands at the last. So, lunning over to the hut, I brought thence half a bottle of nainkiller, four Beechatn's pills, and the best part of a bottle of St. Jacob's oil. I administered the lot without any unnecessary delay ; and had the satisfaction, presently, of see ing my patient shake himself together again. He took all I offered him with the utmost docility. I believe he thought this was the only way in which he could show his gratitude for the trouble I had been at. I left him at last very weak but quite empty ; and, finding the shepherd, commended the travel ler to his care for a day or two, I know a river— one of those far inland streams I ka« been talking about. It is a very old, rather grim-looking river. It may be, for aught 1 know, or anyone else knows, as old as '* that ancient river the river Kishon,' or as ' Abana and Phar par^ rivers of Damascus,' so scarred and rugged find worn are its steep red banks, under wliose shadow the martins build ; so gaunt and gnarled and knotted are the huge coolabahs that, with here and there a few funereal oaks, lean across its narrow channel at all sorts of angles in solemn greeting from opposing banks, whilst the cool water gurgles and eddies about the overarching caverns of their naked roots. Not by any means a very imposing stream ; not much else, indeed, to eyes accustomed to old world waters, than a sluggish brook. But, to the dweller out away on the further limits of the great plains, over which, in summer, hangs from sunrise till sunset all through the hot weary day and hot weary night alike the smoke haze from burning grass, whose moon is a wan ghost and sun a ball of glowing copper; to such, a glorious sight, believe me, is this running stream of clear water ! Amongst those ancient gums and boxes, sparse of foliage, and stretching forth pale lank arms athwart the river, may be found, at intervals, graceful mounds of earth-sweeping greenery — within the shadow of whose branchlets all is dim and cool — a verdant grotto from which one catches glimpses here and there of the white quivering atmosphere outside. It was under one of these great willows which, in years gone by, some lover of his kind must ! have planted, that I met once more my friend of the arid plains, across the stream, just here, runs a ledge of rock over which the water falls, only a drop of a few inches, with a faint melo dious rhythm inexpressibly soothing and pleasant. \- Stretched at full length on the short sward, under the grateful t-hade of the thick mass of leaves and drooping branches, he puffed away at a short pipe, his head on his swag,: and his feet at the water's edge. 'Ab, yes,' remarked he presently, 'this is a cut above that post, if you like ! I've never been off the river agen sence. Lord, what a time I had! I'd lia' pegged out right enough, lb* lieve, only you took me up. No, I never took no medicine sence. I reckon that dose done me for the rest o* my life. Two years is it ? Well, now, it's curious how the time slips along, ain't it A little dirtier, a little greyer, a little raggeder, I find as my eyes become accustomed to the dim light of his sylvan retreat, but otherwise much the same as when I first encountered him in a lesser shade, chewing grass stems. He has now bettered himself, at least in a degree. He has the river and the willow. 'Yes,' he continues. 'I often makes for the ole wilier here. You see it's in my town. Like wise, -she's a fine hot-time camp. There's gen'ly 'whips o' iish in the big hole just below ; an', altogether, there's wuss places in New South 'Wales to carup a week or two in.' ' Where have you beeu working since I last saw ? you r' I ask innocently enough. With a lbok of amazement, raising himself on his elbow to get a better view of me, he replies : ' I don't do no work ; don't want no work, an' wouldn't take it if 'twas offered me. No, sir, I'm one o'; them as don't make no bones 'bout the matter. I don't tell no lies 'bout the thing: Work an* me 'ad a desprit fight many a long day agone, an* I got badly licked. I never come up to the scratch sence. I'm what tbey calls a whaler, .fair an'- square. I doesn't deny it.' 'How dp . vou manage to get on altogether , without wo(rk 1 enquire of this frankest, most candid ^omad it has ever been my lot to fall across. *? Fishin' an' squatters,' he answers laconically. 'There's lots of us,' he resumes, after a pauBe, ' up an' down the river. But,' with a gesture of disgust and repudiation, 'o' course, they're all of 'em a-lookin' for work. Lookin' for work, when you asks 'em, but prayin' to the Lord all the time as they'll never get it. Ain't it better to out with the truth at oncost an call 'emselves whalers, benders, sundowners, anythin' you Hues, than be playin* at make believes roun' ^tlie country? Tehee!' and he sinks back on his grassy couch and puffs away indignantly. I look at this ' vagrom ' man curiously. He is but just past the prime of life, well built, stal wart, with pleasant enough features and a dreamy gaze' in his eyes as he lies there with face upturned to the green fretwork above him, in which litt'e birds flutter and rustle, and cry shrilly choo-kee, cboo-kee ! as they peep inquisitively down, re sentful, perhaps, of clouds of stale tobacco smoke ascending from the vagabond's pipe. 'Why should I work r' he resumes. 'I've got no one to care for — no come from, no go to. What's the good of work : Aint life short *nough 's 't is : Is it pleasant an 'nice to be alius a workin' w hen you can do without it : D'ye mean to tell me as it aint nicer to be a-lyiu' 'ere in the shade than craftin' out in the sun, a-sweatin' like anythin', sinktn' post-holes, or swingin' a 'maul If I mus' live, why I mu''. If I mus' die, why I mus : but, meamvhiles, I'm gohi' to take thiugs as easy 's I can.' Truly, a pastoral philosopher, this inland lotus eater ! In effect says he — T-eath is tho end of life; ah why should life all labour l)e ? I .ei us alone. Timedriveth onward fas!. And in a little while our lips are dumb, l.et us alone ! ' Hut,' I remark, ' it is not always summer hereabouts.' ' A-h-li ! ' he ejaculates, with an 'involuntary shiver, ' winter's rough.' ' Last winter I lived on pigweed an' 'possum for nigh on five weeks. Water all roun' the ole hut where I was camped .when the tloods come. ' Hut,' he goes on, stretching himself sensuously, ' this makes up for a good deal. (Jive me a belly ful an! fine weather, an' a place like this where a feller can lie an' listen to the birdses a-singin'. ari' | the ripplin' of the water, an' can bange an' eat, an' travel an' camp, with no man for boss, an' I'm 'appy's the day's long.' Leaving my lotus-eater to his rest, I emerge into the dazzling sunlight, and, presently, in a sequestered bend of the river ' many breasted,' I come upon another camp. From underneath gay fezzes black faces look out enquiringly, white teeth gleam, and a chatter of Hindustani arises. A party of Indian hawkers are resting here from the midday heat. Fine athletic, soldierly-looking fellows they are — men of Deli, of Agra, of Luck now. Quiet enough they seem now, these Sepoys, with their stock-in-trade of combs, sponges, and such ware, with their soft salaams and cringing feline ways. But it is not so very far back through the years to '57 ; and those upon whom I look may well have, infuriated with Chang and the lust of blood already spilled, done terrible work in those days of the Great Mutiny, when ' Ever | from the topmost roof our banner of England blew.' Children of Nana himself, for ought I know, whose dark hands, ju9t now so deftly showing children's toys, should by right shine redly with the blood of the innocents themselves. The snaky gleam in their fathomless dark eyes mislikes me much, aud involuntarily there comes to mind an inscription I once read over a fateful well in the city that some of them claim to belong to. It is graven p'.an for all to read at this latter day upon the base of the pedestal which supports the statue of Marochettis' Mourning Angel over the Well of Cawnpore — ' Sacred to the perpetual memory of a great company of Christian people, chiefly women and children, Avho near this spot were cruelly massacred by the followers of the rebel Nana Dhovdopval of Bithoor, and cast, the dying with the dead, into the well below, on the loth | July, 1857.' ' Chiefly women and children !' Such thoughts will come to mind as these men offer their rubbishy gimcracks for sale on the bank of this inland river. Certainly they may not themselves have beeu faithless to their salt, mutineers and murderers. Still many among them belie their looks aud bear ing if a British drill sergeant has- not had his day with them. And, at any rate, they are 50 to one relatives of some whose sole cry throughout that terrible year was but *' Deen ! Deen!' Ah Chin is bad enough, but he is better by far than Lai Mohammed. Some distance along, under a group of shady apple-trees a short way from the river, but well within sound of its ripple over a shingly beach, stands a tilted cart, also a couple of tentsi horses, goats, poultry, and children are round about. The story of this family I find can be told in two words, 'Burnt out.' Houses, fences, grass, everything except what is in view has gone. Turning his back on the black baked ground, the slector and his family have made for the water, with their few head of stock, there to abide until the rain falls in those almost rainless regions of the west to turn the black into emerald once more. ' I might ha' hung on a bit longer,' he says ; ' but the water was runnin' short ; the house was gone; an' as we got to live in a tent, the missis, here, thought we might as well do it comfortable ; so we come in to the frontage. She was mad to git to the river ; an' now, rain or no rain, we're a goin' to have our Christmas on it.' A veritable magnet indeed is this inland rivfer in the season of fierce heat£. Adown its length, from source to junction, you shall find all sorts and conditions of men attracted, both of necessity and of choice. It is the good genius of the land ; and, homely though it be, a never- failing object of pleasure to- the pilgrims as to the dwellers therein, be they black, white, or yellow, bees or drones, native or alien. 5 yaj-: Slay .3 