TBJE NOVELIST. ' The World's Desire. J (BY H. KIDER HAG GAUD AND ANDREW LANG.) í .'. ' ? Helenam vero immoríalem fuisse xndxcat tempus. j SEBVITJS. JENEID IL, 501. « BOOK II. v .. . CHAPTER IL-THE NIGHT OF DREAD. j The feast dragged slowly on, for Fear was j of the company. The men and women were silent, and when they drank, it was as if one had poured a little oil on a dying . fire. Life flamed np in them for a moment, f their laughter came like the crackling of thorns, and then they were silent again. Meanwhile the Wanderer drank little, waiting to see what should come. But the Queen was watching him whom already her heart desired, and she only of all the ir . company had pleasure in this banquet. Suddenly a side-door opened behind the daiB, there was a stir in the hall, each guest turning his head fearfully, for all f expected some evil tidings. But it was !. ~::'only the entrance of those who bear about in the feasts of Egypt an effigy of the " Dead, the likeness of a mummy carved in ¡wood, and who cry : " Drink, 0 King, and . be glad, thou shalt soon be even as he! Drink, and be glad." The stiff, swathed j figure, with its folded hands and gilded ' face, was brought before the King, and * Meneptah, who had sat long in sullen brooding silence, started when he looked on it. Then.he broken into an angry ; laugh. " We have little need of thee, to-night," he cried, as he saluted the symbol of Osiris. " Death is near enough, we want not thy [' ' silent preaching. Death, Death is near !" He fell hack in his gilded chair, and let the cup drop from his hand, gnawing his beard. ' " Art thou a man ?" spoke Meriamun, in a low clear voice, " are you men, and yet ? afraid of what comes to all ? Is it only to-night that we first hear the name of ; ' Death? Remember the great Men-kau- ra, remember the old Pharaoh who built the Pyramid of Hir. He was just and kind, and he feared¿the Gods, and for his reward they showed him Death, coming on him in six short years. Did he scowl and tremble, like all of you to-night, who are scared by the threats of slaves? Nay, he outwitted the Gods, he made night into day, he lived .. out twice his years, with revel and love > and wine in the lamp-lit groves of persea . trees. Come, my guests, let us > be merry, j if it be but for an hour. Drink, and be ; brave I" "For once thou speakest well," said the King. " Drink and forget ; the Gods who ' give Death give wine," and his angry eyes ' ranged through the hall, to seek some occasion of mirth and scorn. "Thou Wanderer!" he said, suddenly. " Thou drinkest not : I have watched thee as the cups go round. What, man, thou ,' earnest from the North, the sun of thy pale . land has not .heat enough to foster the \- vine. Thou seemest cold, and a drinker of '-'? --water ; why wilt thou be cold before thine \- J ' hour? Come, pledge me in the red wine ." "of Khem. Bring forth the cup of Pasht !" . he cried to them who waited, " bring forth the cup of Pasht, the King drinks !" Then the chief butler of Pharaoh went -r to. the treasure-house, and came again, .L-/ hearing a huge golden cup, fashioned in ! the form of a lion's bead, and holding 12 measures of wine. It was an ancient cup, , "sacred to Pasht, and a gift of the Ptutennu :.. to Thothmes the Greatest of that name. . ~ " Fill it full of unmixed wine!" cried the King. "Dost thou grow pale at the , sight of the cup, thou Wanderer from the North ? I pledge thee, pledge thou me!" "' "Nay, King," said the Wanderer, " I have tasted wine of Isrnarus before to-day, and I have drunk with a wild host, the . . Man Eater!" For his heart was angered \- hythe King and he forgot his wisdom, but the Queen marked the saying. . . - " Then pledge me in the cup of Pasht !" . . quoth the King. . "I pray thee, pardon me;" said the Wanderer, "for wine makes" wise men 4 foolish and strong men weak, andi to-night . < , methinks we shall need our wits, and our \- strength." ' "Craven!" cried the King, " give me the bowl. I drink to thy better courage, ; Wanderer," and Hf ting.the greátgolden cup, \- he stood up and drank it and then dropped \- staggering into his chair, his head falling . on his breast. ' " I may not refuse a king's ..challenge, though it is ill to'contend with our hosts," said the Wanderer, turning somewhat pale for he was in anger. " Give me the bowl !' . He took the cup, and held it high ; ther pouring a little forth to his Gods, be said in a clear voice, for he was stirred to ange] beyond his wont " I drink to the Strange Hathor !" He spoke, and drained the mighty cup and set it down on the board, and even as he laid down the cup, and as the Queer looked at him with eyes of wrath, there came from the Bow beside his seat, c faint shrill sound, a ringing and a singing of the Bow, a noise of running strings and a sound ns of rushing arrows. The warrior heard it, and his eyes burned with the light of battle, for he well knew that tlie swift shafts should soon fly to the hearts of the doomed. Pharoah awoke and heard it, and heard it tlie Lady Meria mun, the Queen, and she looked on the Wanderer astonished, and looked on the Bow that sang. " The minstrel's tale was true ! This is none other but the Bow of Odysseus, the sacker of cities," said Meriamun. " Hearken thou, Eperitus, thy great bow sings aloud. How comes it that thy bow sings ?" " For this cause, Queen," said the Wan derer, " because birds gather on the Bridge of War. Soon shall shafts be Hying and ghosts go down to doom. Summon thy Guards, I bid thee, for foes are near." Terror conquered the drunkenness of Pharaoh ; he bade the Guards who stood behind his chair summon all their com pany. They went forth, and a great hush fell again upon the Hall of Banquets and upon those who sat at meat therein. The silence grew deadly still, like air before the thunder, and men's hearts sank within them, and turned to water in their breasts. Only Odysseus wondered and thought on the battle to be, though i whence the foe might come he knew not, and Meriamun sat erect in her ivory chair and looked down the glorious hall. Deeper grew the silence and deeper yet, and more and more the cloud of feai gathered in the hearts of men. Then sud denly through all the hall there was a rush like the rush of mighty wings. The deep foundations of the palace rocked, and to the sight of men the roof above seemed to burst asunder, and lo ! above them, against the inky blackness of the sky, there swept a shape of fear, and the stars shone through its raiment. Then the roof closed in again, and for a moment's space once more there was silence, whilst men looked with white faces, each on each, and even the stout heart of the Wanderer stood still. Then suddenly all adown the hall, from this place arid from that, men rose up and with one great cry fell-down dead, this one across tho board, and that one on the floor. The Wanderer grasped his bow and counted. From among those who sat at meat twenty and one had fallen dead. Yet those woo lived sat gaz ing emptily, for so stricken with fear were they that scarce did each, one know if it was he himself who lay dead or his brother who had sat by his side. But Meriamun looked down ike hall with cold e\ es, for she feared neither death nor life, nor God nor man. And while she looked and while the Wanderer counted, there rose a faint mur muring sound from the city without, a sound that grew and grew, the thunder of mj'riad feet that run before the deaths of kings. Then the doors burst asunder and a woman sped through them in her night robes, and in her arms she bore the naked body of a boy. " Pharaoh !" she cried, " Pharaoh, and thou, 0 Queen, look upon . thy son-thy first-born son-dead is thy son, O Pharaoh. Dead is thy son, 0 Queen ! In my arms he died as I lulled him to his rest," and she laid the body of the child down oh the board among the vessels of gold, among the garlands of lotus flowers and the beakers of rose-red wine. Then Pharaoh rose' and rent his purple robes and wept aloud, and Meriamun rose too, and hor eyes were terrible with wrath and grief. " See now the curse that this evil woman, this false Hathor hath brought xipon us," she said. But the very guests sprang up crying: " It is not the Hath or whom wo worship, it is not the holy Hath or, it is the Gods of those dark Apura whom, thou, 0 Queen, wilt not let go. On thy head and the head of Pharaoh be it," and even as they cried the murmur without grew to a shriek of woe, a Bhriek BO wild and temblé that the Palace walls rang. Again that shriek rose, and yet athird time, never was such a cry heard in Egypt And now for the first time in all his days the face of the Wanderer grew white with fear,-and in fear of heart he prayed for succor to his Goddess-to Aphrodito the daughter of Dione. 7 Again the doors behind them burst open and the guards flocked in-mighty men of many foreign lands, but now ¿heir faces were wan, their eyes stared wide, and their jaws hung down. But at the sound of the clanging of their harness the strength of the Wanderer came back to ;him again, for the gods and their vengeance he feared, but not the sword of man. And now once more the bow sang aloud. Ile grasped it, he bent it with his mighty linee, and strung it, crying : " Awake, Pharaoh, awake ! Foes draw on. Say, be these all the men ?" Then the captain answered, " These be all of the guard who are left living in the palace. The rest ara stark, smitten by the angry gods." Now, as the captain spake, one came running up the hall, heeding neither the dead nor the living. It was the old Priest Rei, the commander of the Logion of Amen, who had boen the Wanderer's guide, and his looks were wild with fear. "Hearken, Pharaoh!" he cried, "thy people lie dead by thousands in tho streets -the houses are full of dead. In the temples of Ptah and of Amen many of the priests have fallen dead also." " Hast thou more to tell, old man ?" cried the Queen. ; "The tale has not all been told, 0 Queen. The soldiers are mad with fear and with the sight of death, and slay their captain's ; barely have I escaped from those in my command of the Legion of Amen. For they swear that this death has been brought upon the land because Pharaoh would not let the Apura go. Hither, then, they come to slay Pharaoh, and theo also, 0 Queen, and with them come many thousands of people catching up such arms as lie to their hands." Now Pharaoh sank down groaning, but the Queen spake to the Wanderer " Anon thy weapon sang of war Epori tus ; now war is at tho gates." " Little 1 fear the rush of battlo arid the blows men deal in anger, Lady," he made answer, " though a man may fear the Gods without shame. Ho, Guards ! close up, close up round mo ! Look not sopalefaced now death from the Gods is dono with, and we have1 but to fear the sword of men." So great was his mien and so glorious his face as he cried thus, and one by one drew his long arrows forth and laid them on the board, that the trembling guards took heart, and to the number of fifty and one ranged themselves on the edge of the dais in a double line. Then they also made ready their bows, and loosened the arrows in their quivers. Now from without there came a roar of men, and anon, while those of the house of Pharoah, and of the guests and nobles, who sat at the feast and yet lived, fled be hind the soldiers, the brazen doors were burst in with mighty blows, and through them a great armed multitude surged along the hall. There came soldiers broken from their ranks. There came the embalmers of the dead ; their hands were overf ul of work to-night, but they left their work undone, death had smitten some even of these, and their fellows did not shrink back from them now. There came the smith, black from the forge, and the scribe bowed with endless writing; and the dyer- with his purple hands, and the fisher from the stream; and the stunted weaver from the loom ; and the leper from the Temple gates. They were mad with lust of life, a starve ling life that the King had taxed, when he let not the Apura go. They were mud with fear of death ; their women followed them with dead children in their arms. They smote down the golden furnishing?, they tore the silken hangings, they cast the empty cups of the feast at the faces of trembling ladies, and cried aloud for the blood of the King. " Where is Pharaoh," they yelled, "show us Pharaoh and the Queen Meriamun, that we may slay them. Dead are our firstborn, they lie in heaps as the fish lay when Sihor ran red with blood. Deud are they because of the curse that has been brought upon us by the prophets of the Apura, whom Pharaoh, and Pharaoh's Queen, yet hold in Khem." . Now as they cried they saw Pharaoh Meneptah cowering behind the double line of Guards, and they saw the Queen Meria mun who cowered not, but stood silent above the din. Then she thrust her way through the Guarda, und yet holding the j naked body of the hoy to her breast, stood | before them with eyes that flashed more I brightly than the Uraous crown upon her f brow. fj " Back," she cried, " back. It is not f Pharaoh, it is not I, who have brought this Î death upon you. For we, too, have death here !" and she held up the body of her dead son. " It is that False Hatbor whom ye worship, that Witch of many a voice and many a face ' who turns your hearts faint with love. For ber sake ye endure these woes, on her head is all this death. Go, tear her temple stone from stone, and rend her beauty limb from limb, and be avenged and free the land from curses." A moment the people stood and heark ened, muttering, as stands the lion that is about to spring, while those who pressed without cried : " Forward ! Forward ! Slav them ! Slay 'them !" Then as with one voice they screamed " The Hathor wo love, but you wo hate, for ye have brought these woes upon us, and ye shall die." They cried, they brawled¿ they oust foot stools and stones at the G uardsi and then a certain tall man among them drew a bow. Straight at the Queen's fair breast he aimed his arrow and swift and truo it sped toward her. She saw the light gleam upon its shining barb, and then she did what no woman but Meriamun would have done, no not to save herself from death-she hela out the naked body of her son as a warrior holds a Bhield. The arrow struck through and through it, piercing the tender flesh, ' aye, and pricked her breast beyond, so that she let tho dead boy fall. The Wanderer saw it und wondered at the horror of the deed. Then shouting aloud the terrible warcry of the Achajans he leapt upon the board before him, and as ( he leapt his golden armor clanged.. ^ Glancing around, he fixed an arrow to fl the string and drew to his ear that great fl bow -which none hut he might so much as fl bend. Then as he loosed, the string sang fl like a swallow, and: tho shaft screamed fl through the air. Down the glorious hall it /fl sped, and full on the breast of him who fl had lifted bow against the Queen tho fl bitter arrow struck, nor might his harness fl avail to stay it. Through: th o body of him fl it passed and with blood-red feathers flew fl on, and smote another who stood behind H so that his knees also were loosened, and .Bj together they fell dead upon the floor, fl Now, while the people stared and won- H dered, again the bow-string sang like a Bi swallow, again the arrow screamed in its mm flight, and he who stood:before it got his Bf death, for the shield he wore was pinned flf to his breast. I Then wonder' turned to rage ; the multi- flf tude rolled'forward,: and from either side BI the air grew do,rk with arrows. For the fl| Guards at sight of the shooting of tho Bj Wanderer found heart and fought well BB and manfully. Boldly also the slayers Kl came on, and behind them pressed many a WM hundred mon. The Wanderer's golden fi helm flashed steadily, a beacon in tho B storm. Black smoke burst out in the hall. fl the hangings Hamed and tossed in a wind fl from the open door. The lights were - fl struck from the hands of the golden fl images, arrows stood thick in the tables ' 1 and the rafters, a spear pearced through I the golden cup of Paslit. But out of the 1 darkness and smoke and dust, and the cry II of battle, and through the rushing of the ;H rain of arrows, sang the swallow string of B the black blow of Eurytus, and the long B shafts shrieked as they sped on them who fl ; were ripe to die. In vain did the shafts of fl the slayers smite upon that golden harness. B : They were but as hail upon the Temple fl roofs, but as driving snow upon the wild ? stag's horns. The}' struck-, they rattled, fl and down they dropped like snow, or ?§ bounded back and lay upon the board. Bi The swallow string deny, the black bow Bf twanged, and the bitter arrows shrieked as flg they flew. fl Now, all the Wanderer's shafts were II spent, and he iudged that their case was ll desperate. For out of the doors of the hall fl that were behind them, and from the chain- | bera of the women, armed men burst ia 1 also, taking them on the flank and | rear. But the Wanderer was old in war, fl and without a match in all its ways. I The captain of the Guard was slain with | a spear stroke, and the Wanderer took his M place, calling to the men, such of them as jg were left alive, to form a circle on the M dais, and within the circle he set those of || the house of Pharaoh and the women who || were at the feast. But to Pharaoh he cast m a slain man's sword, bidding him strike f|| for life and throne if he never Btr^^^^ fore ; but the heart was out of Pharaoh because of the death of his son, and the wine about his wits, and the terrors he had- seen. Then Meriamun the Queen snatched the sword - from his trembling hand and stood holding it to guard her life. For she disdained to crouch upon the ground as did the other women, but stood upright behind the Wanderer and heeded not the spears and arrows that dealt death on every hand. But Pharaoh stood, his face buried in his hands. Now the slayers came on, shouting and clambering upon tho dais. Then the Wanderer rushed on them with sword drawn, and shield on high, and so swift he smote that men might not guard, for they saw, as it were, three swords aloft at once, and thé silver-hàfted sword bit deep, the gift of Phoacian Euryalus long ago. The guards also smote and thrust j it was for their lives they fought, and back rolled the tide of foes, leaving a swathe of dead. So a second time they came on, and a second time were rolled back. Now of the defenders, few were left unhurt, and their strength wqs well-rnigh spent. But the Wanderer cheered them with great words, though his heart grew fearful for tho end ; and .Meriamun the Quoen also bade them be of good courage, and if need- be, die like men. Then once again the wave of war rolled in upon them, and fierce and desperate grew the strife. The iron hedge of spears was well-nigh broken, and now the Wanderer, doing such deeds as had not been known in Khem, stood alone between Meriamun the Queen and the swords'that thirsted for her life and the life of Pharaoh. Then of a sudden, from far down the great hall of banquets there came a loud cry that rose above the clash of swords, the groans of men, and all the din of battle. " Pharaoh ! Pharaoh ! Pharaoh !" rose a voice. "Wilt thou now let the people go?" Then he who smote stayed his hand and he who guarded dropped his shield. - The -, battle ceased and all turned to look. There at the end of the hall, among the dead and dying, there stood the two ancient men of the Apura, and in their hands were cedar rods. "It is the wizards-the wizards of the Apura," men cried, and shrank this way and that, thinking no more on war. The ancient men drew nigh. No heed took they of the dying or the dead; on I they walked, through blood and wine and I . fallen tables and scattered arms, till they I stood before the Pharoah. I "Pharaoh! Pharaoh I Pharoah!" they i cried again, " Dead are the first-born of i Khem at tlie hand of Jahveh. Wilt thou i let the people go ?" 1 Then Pharaoh lifted his face and cried i "Get you gone-you and all that is I yours. Get you gone swiftly, and let H Khem see your face no more." 1 The people heard, and the living left the 1 hall, and silence fell on the city and on I the dead who died of the sword, and the i dead who died of the pestilence. Silence I fell, and sleep, and the God's best gift i forgetfulness. I CHAPTER III.-THE BATHS OF BRONZE. Even from this night of dread the morn ing roseland with, it came Rei, bearing a message from the King. But he did not find the Wanderer in his chamber. The palace eunuchs said that he had risen, and had asked for Kurri, the Captain of the Sidonians, who was not the Queen's jewel ler. Thither Rei went, for Kurri was jj lodged with the- servants in a court of the Royal House : and as the old man came, he heard the sound of hammers beating on metal. There, in,.the shadow which the palace-wall cast into a little court ; j there was the Wanderer, no longer in his golden mail, but with bare arms, and dressed in such a light smock as the work men of Khem were wont to wear. IThe Wanderer was bending over a little brazier, whence a flame and a light blue smoke arose, and mel ted into the morning light. In his hand he held a small ham mer, and he had a little anvil by him, on which lay one of the golden shoulder plates of his armor. The other pieces were heaped beside the brazier. Kurri Ithe Sidonian stood beside him, with graving tools in his hands. " Hail to thee, Eperitus," cried Rei, calling him by the name he had chosen to give himself. " What makest thou here with fire and anvil ?" " I am but furbishing up my armor," said the Wanderer, smiling. " It has more than one dint from the fight in the hall j"] and he pointed to his shield, -which was deeply scarred across the blazon of the white hull, the cognisance of dead. Paris, Priam's son. " Sidonian, blow up the fire." Kurri crouohed on his hams, and blew the blaze to a white heat with a pair of leathern bellows, while the Wanderer fitted the plateB, and hammered at them on the anvil, making the jointures smooth and strong, talking meanwhile with Rei. " Strange work for a prince, as thou must be in Àlybas, whence thou comest," quoth Rei, leaning on his long rod of cedar, tipped with an apple of blue stone. " In our country, chiefs do not labor with their hands." "Different lands, different ways," answered Eperitus. " In ray country men wed not their sisters as your> kings do, though indeed, it comes into my mind that once I met such brides in my wanderings, in the isle of the King of the Winds. For the thought of the yElian Isle, where King iEolus gave him all the winds in a bag, came in io his memory. " My hands can serve me in every need," he went on. " Mowing the deep green grass in spring, or driving oxen,or cutting a clean furrow with the plough in heavy soil, or building houses and ships, or smith's work with gold and bronze, and grey iron, they are all one to me." " Or the work of war," said Rei. " For there I have seen thee labor. Now, listen, thou Wanderer, the Kingj Meneptah, and the Queen, Meriamun, send me .. to thee with this scroll of their will," and he drew forth a roll of papyrus bound with golden threads, and held it on his forehead, bow ing as if he prayed. \ ?.. . " What is that roll of thine ?'? said the Wanderer, who was hammering at the bronze spear point, that stood fast in his helm. I n * Rei undid the golden threads, and I opened the scroll whioh he gave into the Wanderer's hand. i " Gods, what have we here?", said the Wanderer. " Here are pictures, tiny and cunningly drawn, serpents in ,red, and little figures of men sitting or standing, axes, and snakes, and birds, and beetles. My .father, what tokens are these ?" and he gave the scroll back to Rei. " The King has made his chief scribe writo to thee, naming thee captain of the Legion of Pasht, the Guard of the Royal House, for last night the captain was slain. He gives thee a high title, and he pro mises thee houses, lands, and a city of the South, to furnish thee with wine, and a city of the North, to furnish thee with corn, if thou wilt be his servant." " Never have I Berved any man," said the Wanderer, flushing red, " though I went near to being sold, and to knowing the day of slavery. The King does me too much honor." " Thou would'st fain be gone from Khem?" asked the old man eagerly. " I would fain find her I came to seek, wherever she be," said the Wanderer, " here or otherwhere." «f Then, what answer shall I carry to the King PV " Time Brings thought," said the Wan derer, " I would see:the city if thou wilt guide me. Many cities have T seen, but none so great as this. As we. walk I will consider my answer to the King." He had been working at his helm as he spoke, for the rest of his armor was now mended. He had drawn out the Bharp spear head of bronze, and was balancing it in his hand and trying its edge. "A good blade," he said, "better was never hammered. 'It went near to doing its work, . Sidonian," and he turned to Kurri as he spoke. " Two things of thine I hud-thy life and thy spear-point. Thy life I gave thee, thy spear- point thou did'st lend me. 'Here, take it again," and he tossed the 'spëar- head to the Queen's jeweller.. , " I thank thee, Lord," answered the Sidonian, thrusting it in his girdle, but he muttered between his teeth, " The gifts of enemies are gifts of evil." The Wanderer did on his mail, set the helmet on his head, and spoke to Rei. "Come forth, friend, and show me thy city." - But Rei was watching the snoile on the face of the Sidonian, and he deemed it cruel and crafty and war-like, like the laugh of the Sardana of the sea. . He said naught, but called a guard pf soldiers, and, with the Wanderer, he passed the palace gates and went out into the city. (TO BE CONTINUED. ) 