Dexpitf. the authoritative denial oE the Secretary of State, a section of the New York Press still stoutly maiataina the correctness of its statement as to the naval preparation for the contemplated attack on Chili. TI»9 is somewhat ; peculiar, bnt it doo? not therefore follow I that it is anvthine more. Indeed, oil I the surroundings favor i lie belief that Mr Secretary Blaine hasspoken in perfect good faith, even though there may be something to warrant the disturbing Press rumors. The strain for sensation under which American journalism is con ducted ha? become a matter of world wide notoriety. It is not too much to say that this of necessity discounts its credibility, and when an imaginative | scribe docs chance upon a noteworthy ] fact, the story of the three black crows is straightway repeated. In connection, with this recent mutter the statement was i that the United Statvs Xavy was i secretly mussing in the South Pacific ; that the Government had arranged the 1 optional purchase of the Oceanic Steam- I 6hip Company's swift liners Zealandia, ! Australia, Alameda, and Mariposa, to have means at disposal for the transport of 1 .*i,000 troops ; and that it was in tended to make a descent upon Chili in default of receiving satisfaction for the attack upon the sailors of the Baltimore in Valparaiso. It is fiighly probable that steps have been taken to effect a massing of the navy, and that terms have been arranged under which the transports will be readily available : but the design against Chili does not neces sarily follow. The British Admiralty have an arrangement with the Cunard and other companies by which the '?greyhounds of the Atlantic' can be turned into war-dogs at the shortest notice, and be slipped as lightly armed cruisers against an enemy's commerce, or be utilised as transports, according to requirement. It, however, represents nothing more than a general precau- ' tionary measure, and the positiou in ] which the States Government has now i been placed on more than one occasion I may well have suggested the propriety I of taking steps to improve a very un- | satisfactory state of atrairs, Vor the pa6t twenty years the L'm'ted States hat? j presented the unique spectacle of a first- I rate Power depending entirely upon its prestige as such for the recognition and i respect to which a great Power is en titled. its army lias been a skeleton, and its navy has chiefly consisted of a certain number of old, wooden flag- rafts, miscalled men-of-war, and merely repre senting a potentiality in reserve. Bat the difficulty of calling up the reserve in anything Uke reasonable time would have proved verr embarrassing had the necessity actually arisen. Thus when the United States stepped into the B&mo;&n; quarrel in J 887, and sent her squadron down to Apia harbor, as on intimation that she was in earnest, anv one of the German vessels in the same waters would have given an account of the lot, since the conflict would have been as the impact of an egg on an anvil. So when Mr Secretary Blaine foolishly hinted fighting over the Behring Sea difficulty, one of the guarantees of peace was the fact that the States navy yras hopelessly unequal to the conflict. In these two cases the comity of nations secured an adjustment which could not otherwise have been enforced. Ip thp Chilian matter the course of affairs has bee# less satisfactory. The demand for reparation which followed the attack upon the sailors of the Baltimore came upon the Chilians at a bad time. It found them in fighting humor, flushed with victory, and terribly incensed against Bb PatriuK ISg&n;, the Un i fcedS fcates ^ m bas sad or ait Santiago, and Admiral Brown, com mander of the American squadron' in Chilian wfitere, *diom tbey still maintain were partisans and -aiders of Balmaoeda through the late i-loody revolution. The answer was, therefore, decidedly bellicose; nor was its tone moderated tinder threat of probable hostilities. Then it must have been painfully evident to Mr Blaine tliat—4-he vast disparity of in herent force notwithstanding — Chili, by virtue of the rude experiences through wliich she had so recently passed, was better prepared for war than the United States. Had the attempt at coercion been made, the first successes would un doubtedly have been with the feebler power. Despite the losses sustained during the recent war, the Chilian navy is stiu formidable by comparison. It is manned and officered by men who have proved their dash and bravery, and who have the immense advantage of standing fresh from active service. Mr Blaine, therefore, did wel! to avoid a conflict in which no honor could have been reaped, and a disaster might easily have been sustained that would hardly have been wiped out by later costly successes. Hence the reception of the new Chilian Minister at Washington, Seaha Pedro Montt, by President Harrison gave opportunity for an exchange of amicable assurances. The conciliatory speech of the former was followed by one equally conciliatory by the President, in wliich he expressed a hope for ' the early set tlement of the diplomatic questions which are now somewhat urgently await ing adjustment.'/ This tone — accom- panied by an assurance tendered to the newly-appointed Chilian President and the Chilian people of the amity and goodwill toward them of tbe United States — is scarcely that with wliich to preface s-*erel preparations for a hostile demonstration. Both Powers would i naturally hi* glad to shelve au awkward incident upon such easy terms, and nothing has since trans 1 pired tv» nlU-r, ^ven in the slightest | particular, this friendly attitude. , The conclusion is, therefore, a most reasonable one — that the massing of the navy and the negotiations as to transports are facts indicating very wise precautionary measures ; but that the contemplated attack on Chili exists only in the brain of a sensational New York journalist. The United States has top little to gain and too much to lose by ' such a step ; and looking at the matter all round Mr Blaine may well decide that the game is not worth the candle. ! The Dibcovbby of a ' Plaht.' — A visit I was paid yesterday by the ]-olic-j to the house I occupied by Frank Alfoid, in Melbounie street, Sandhill, who was charged in the I forenoon with stealing a bag of sugar which I he was carrying from the wharf. Upon I searching tbe premiMfi a very varied assort- ; , mcnt of articles was found, comprising, | I amongst other things, a silver watch, value ' £5, which was reported as being lost in 1 March 2o6t, aad was in that month adver tised in the Police Gazette, with its number; I several articles of silver and plated ware; dog { collar with owner's name; several pieces of ladies' needlework, such as sofa covere, c'c.; a pewter measure, with publican's name engraved; and numerous other unconsidered I I trifles, such as a patent hay-knife, cans of varnish and paint, During the period of the remand an opportunity will b-* afforded for I the identification of a considerable portion of ! , the property. i Complimentary Ball to the Ma von j akd Mayouuss, — A meeting of the com j mittee of the citizens' and exhibitors' complimentary ball to His Worship the I Mayor (Mr S. J. Sutton) and Un 1 Sutton was held yesterday afternoon at the Albert HaU. There were present — Messrs J. Joubert. (chairman), C. W. Rocher, Mea dows, 13. P. Farrelly, D. Fergus Scott, P. Bochcr, M. E. Robinson, Arthur Day, G. C. Gilmore, J. C. Ferguson, and Dr. Maddox. The nha.irm»n reported that many of the friends of His Worship the Mayor, who were anxious to pay him honor but could not for various reasons attend on the evening on which it wag proposed to hold the ball, had requested that it be postponed lo a later date. After *ome discussion it was decided to hold the ball on Thursday, January 21. It wa* resolved that the executive committee should meet every Tuesday evening, at 8 o'clock. Academy of Music, — Another crowded audience greeted the Dan Barry Dramatic Company last erening, when they produced for tbe second time that gterliog and graphic story of Australian buehranging life, u Ran som.' The piece went mnch smoother than on the opening night, aud the audience were, if anything, more lavish with their applause. The same piece will bo produced t.hi* evening, but there will be a change of programme on Wednesday. Disastjiovf Fibs at Westbuxy. ? A large and destructive fire broke out at West bury shortly before 10 o'clock on Sunday night, which resulted in the total destruction of the large old hotel known as the Westbury i lun, at the corner of King and William streets. Mr Thomas Harding, the proprietor, Btates that he and his family were quietly 1 enjoying their evening before retiring to rest i when the cry of tire was raised, and it was soon apparent that the roof was on fire at | the southern end of the building, near the ! uhimney over tbe bar parlor. The spot where ] the lire originated is at a great distance j from tbe ground, as tbe building is a two- I storey one. and wa* bailt of brick, therefore it was next to impossible to j check it in time to prevent it spreading, ' and as a ladder at the time was uot procur able it was soon evident that the place was doomed. However, many willing bands were soon on the spot and went to work with energy in me enueavor to save tbe lurniture and utojk in the hotel. This was done, and I everything, with the exception of two iron I bedsteads, was safely removed to an empty 1 stoic across the street. The tire continued to 1 spread very Jnpidly, asagenUe south-easterly wind was blowing at the time, and in a very short period the building was one immense] I mass of flames, lighting up the place, aud I co-Id be se»n for many mile* round. No reason can be assigned for the cause J of the tire, but it is generally sup 1 pose 1 that a Bpark from the chim ney must havs fallen an the roof aad , ignited the shingles. Much sympathy iB felt ' for Mr llanliug in his gieat ^oss. As he is a young man, and has been only a short time , iu the bu-iness, the loss will be the mure ! serous. It is not known to what extent the : building is covered by insurance, and it is probable that an inqutst will be h«*ld in a fc\v days aa to the caute. The hotel, which i is very favorably known as one of the oldest : and best-kept hoatelrics in the palmy days of Westbury, formerly belonged to the Ute Mr Robert Lynll, who kept it as a favorite place for his hoive racing pastime for a great many yeais, since which ic has changcd hands i tevcral times, Mr Harding being tbe recent occupier, and it is now a crumbling itipcp of hugs, the walls alone being left standing to | mark tbe epot. Tqe Pbokogb aph.— Elsewhere a notifica tion appears tliat the phonograph, Edison's famous talking machine, will be exhibited aud explained by Professor Fitzgerald Longford to-morrow, Westbury on Thursday, and other places to follow. The Cuaeleb-stbeet Fibe.— ' We under stand i hat the looal agents representing tbe tire insurance companies interested in the re sult of tLc fire which occurred at the corner of Cbarks and York streets yesterday morn ing do sot deem an official enquiry be be necessary. Mr W. A. Anderson, at whose premiers the outbieak took place, announces thai big butincss is being resumed, and orders will be received as usaal at the old site until a permanent one la secured. PBIO& TO CHRISTMAS J. H. BOpM Is making Special Prices fa the Mantle ^nd Millinery Departments, Ladies' Blouses, Shirts Tudor Cloaks, Jackets, Mantles, Hats, BoimeU, etc.! for good value defy competi tion. (ADVY. TaE.^wt®£firoS Tt¥bwbiteb. -ftj in* another -30l uj\aji.Mife lntareatiug iafuriSatioa' relative (OrtheiSemfngtoii 'typewriter b£' founqL. . 3Vehty^flve years ago practically^ all wiiJtihfl; was obne with tha pen. Twe$y years ago out little had bean oooomplltiiea. by the manufacturers of typewriters, bo far: as getting the machines 4nto^eneral. jise was concerned ,* bnt (eays an Anrrioan paper) for the past fifteen years ? there faiasfoena demand for typewriters which' has been in creased untQ it'bas reached l'fp£ontfc propor tions. -Not to very.-, -many years ago tbe manufacturer* of the Remington typewriter reached a point where the demand warranted their winking eighty machines per week, which was then thought' to he a wondsrful production. To day the Remington factory is turning out about one hundred machines per day, audi their facilities are being increased to suoh an extent that they will soon he enabled to manufacture one thousand per week. Taking into consideration the fact that there are 20 different makes of . typewriters to- day where there was one a few years ago, such an increase is quite reinarkable. At the Exlii ? bJtion Building m^y bo . dally three styles of this justly ^celebrated machine, and it will be noticed by the advertisement that the representative; Mr B. Bell, will attend to all communications if addressed to him at the Exhibition Building. - The Inyaud Depot. — In the dispensing rof Christmas cheer it is pleasing ,to learn that the invalids In the depoth&ve; tot been for gotten, and to find that, on Chrictmas Say and Boxing Day, tn addition to the extra allowance granted by -the Government, numerous friends of the old people sent presents -of mosey, tobacco, and various creature comforts incidental to .the' festive season. The inmates of the invalid hospital were similarly regaled in so far as was com patible with their state of health, and thein» firmary was very nicely decorated by Mr E. Daniels, the superintendent, with flowers, greenery, ana appropriate mottoss. me sick ward is nearly full, and those 'founders of the colony1* who are laidjow.have been onq£ more reminded by these able of kindness that they too were included7 fn the glad message which proclaimed peace and goodwill Rain Making. — The Omnam Mail gives the following as the results of trials by the rain making committee ' The first explo sion, on the 27th ult., was in the face of a rising nor'-wester, with a' quiet, wet atmos phere, it beJug 4deg. from Maturation, aud rain fell during the tiighl. The second, on the H0tJi ult., was under clouds, though some what broken, and wiLb an atmospherealinosl at saturation, aud ruin fell in torrents in about half an hour. On soother day, with j au atmosphere 4deg, from 'saturation and a. 1 perfectly clear aky overhead, after the first | explosion the clouds gathered quickly, end the committee don&ed; their overcoats with j the prospect of suffering a drenching, bnt only a few drops fell, and' the second and \ third explosions had a similar ending, but not so marked as the first/' | City Police Coubt.— The .Bench at this court was yesterday occupied by Mr J. Brick hill, J.P. A woman who was locked up on - Saturday night for being drunk and incap able was admonished and disci iarged.—Ftank Alford, aged about 4-0, residing in Melbourne street, Sandhill, who waa arrested shortly before 12 o'clock on the previous evening carrying a portion of a bag of sugar from the wharf, bsing part of the Corinna'a damaged cargo, was charged with larceny, and was re manded for a vreek. Bishop Thornton ok Eduoatiox. — Daring the coarse of some remarks on Wed nesday in connection with the annual speech day at the Geelong Grammar School, Dr. Thornton, Bishop ' of Ballarat, after com mending the old Persian system of educating their boys to ' shoot, ride, and tell the truth,1' expressed dissaiisfaction with the ex isting system of State school education. The most enthusiastic and patriotic Victorian could hardly feel proud of the morals, in tegrity and honesty of the people as evi denced by recent exposures consequent upon the failures of metropolitan financial institu tions. Victoria should be the last country in the world to sanction the divorcc of | rel'gkras from secular education. To call onr present system of training 'education'] was as ridiculous as that which Charles I Dickens denounced when be said that tocou- ! side? the acquisition of arithmetic, writing, and geography ' education ' was lite calling | oils and paint ' art,' bricks and mortar ' architecture, ' or catgut and reeds 41 music.' The Rev. C. H. Sturgeon.— At the recent half-yearly meetings of the Baptist Union of | Tasmania, held at Perth, a letter of oongmtu- , i lation wa* forwarded to the Rev. C. H. Spur geon, convoying gratification at- his recovery I from prolonged and serious .illness. In i acknowledgment thereof the following has been received in Pastor Spurgeon's hand writing: — ' Mentone, November 1C, 1891. Beloved in the Lord. It waa according to I the kindness of your hearts that you rcmcm i bercd me at your meeting ol September 16, Your most loving letter finds me resting, not I I of my own choicj but of necessity. Spare 1 1 | from death in answer to the pleadings of the universal church, I have sow to rccover . strength. Bright's disease daily wastes nv 1 life-force. Nourishment turns to albumen 1 instead of building me up. This, I believe, : will abate and be ultimately removed, bnt iu ? the order of nature this requires time, and ! 1 meanwhile I am weak and quite unfit for I anything requiring exertion, physical or 1 1 mental. Like myself, friends will have need - of patience. J thank God that Dr. Piereon's , taking my place at home relieves me from all ! , anxiety as to my pulpit. Other cares arising ! out of my absence and the need? of my insti- 1 tutions 1 leave with our Gracious Lord, who I I will not allow them to burden me. ' God ' | bless you. May your churches flourish, and your districts feel their holy influence. May 1 the Holy GhoBt work among you, and may I each one of you, dear brethren, bare -anointed It is wonderful what -^od can do by a single j individual when the Holy Ghost is mightily j in him. 1 send my love to you alL 1 would 1 writ.) a long Ittler, but my little strength I give? out. How I wish J could see you all, anil grasp your hands ; but that connot be. — I Yours right lnriugly, C. H. SpCrgeojC' I A Costly Official.—1 The extravagant i scale upon which the Melbourne Contennial J Exhibition was conducted was pointedly re- j ferrod to in the Legislative Assembly last week, and the Premier (says the Ago) la'd I the whole responsibility upon the shoulders j of the secretary of the commiadon, Mr G. T. ! A* Lavatcr. Bnt the Premier omitted to j touch upon one point, namely, the extent - to which Mr Lavater has been pecuni- 1 arily benefited by his connection with that costly blunder. When accountant at the Railway Department Mr Lavatcr was in receipt of a salary of £900 per annum. On the 7th January, 1SH', he was appointed secretary of the Exhibition Commission at a salary of £ 1 250 per year. Though the Exhi bition was closed on the 81st January, 1889, Mr Lavater continoed to proloag his sec re- 1 tarial duties for a further^-period of 22 months, chiefly employing himself in the preparation of an official lecord, which Bny j expericaced person could have de lit with I in a couplc of months. Bys retaining his office at the enhanced salary for three years j Mr Lavatcr acquired the right of claiw'ng I his retiring allowance upon leavjug the public | service on the bas s of the £1260 ealiry j instead of £900, which he received ssaccoun- 1 tant of the railway department. The Chief I Secretary took no prompt and decisire steps j to force Mr levator to bring his Exhibition ! work to a close, but four days before the E resent Government was sworn in Mr lavater again reported himself to the railway department forduty, after an absence of ceaily four years. A few weeks afterwards Mr Lavater readied the age when his retirement from the public service took place, which be was enabled to do upon a pension of £.618 Is Id, calculated upon the salary he roceived as secretary of the Exhibition. As Mr Lavater will probably enjoy his pension for some years to come, an interesting actuarial calcu lation might be made showing the pecuniary benefit he is likely to derive— ano the loss the revenue is likely to safler— from his having been manager of an exhibition which was so extravagantly conducted that it re sulted in a loss of £239,702, The Tasmanian Almanac for 1892, pub lished by Messrs, Hopwood and James, is to hand, and, as usual, is replete with latest colonial information. Two unclaimed telegrams addressed 'John Tendrinok, Telegraph office,' and ' J. M'* Mus ters, Charles street-,' arc lying at the local Telegraph-office awaiting owners. To hotel-keepers and others famishing for the Exhibition season, specially low -prices will be quoted for all kinds of Furnishing, Ironmongery, Bmshware, Plated Ware, and Cutlery. Purchaser will consult their jKxJcets by buying flret-closs goods at lowest cash prices. Kebqusoh ai?d Co., PriBba&e4treet;, 