ONE OK MANY. , ; If we turn to Scripture an d Ecclesiastical History, we shall find that the Church, on earth is not one but many. It is enough to remind the reader of. the use of the word churches in the plural in Scripture, and to point him to the Epistles to prove this. As to Church authority, the spirit of the mother of Zebedee's children and of Diotrephes, has been as rite from the first, in its hankering after it, as Christian bodies have been to question or resist it. This tendency called forth a caustic rebuke from the pen of St. Paul, as well as a gentler admonition from the lips of the Saviour ; while the former wrote a vindi cation of his authority to one Church, which shows that men were as ready then as now to ask as they did of our Lord, " Tell us by what authority thou doest these things, and who gave thee this authority?" Moreover, matters on which the authority of one ecclesiastical corporation has been most pronounced were debated warmly then. " How can this man give us his flesh to eat? " was the question which had already begun to be the battle-ground on which the war of centuries has been waged j and out of the confusion of the sign with the thing signi fied arose the first apostasy. The verdict of history agrees with the testimony of Scripture. To say nothing of small factions, every period of history has been marked by, two great divisions; of professing Christians. Very early a Judaized Christianity was broadly dis- ting-uised frpm that -of the Gen'tiles. In the writings of St. John can be detected covert hints of a struggle approaching between philosophy and . religion. His warnings came not too soon. Even while "Christians were bejng sifted by persecution from without, corrupted within, and weakened.by " heresies," which then meant " divisions,", the Churches could not be said to be one. Sext came the Arian controversy, which swept oyer the Chur ches like a flood, threatening to wash away the ancient , landmarks of the Deity of Christ and to submerge the whole I fabric of Christianity. The result was that Orthodoxy and Arianism alternately took the reins under imperial patronage Nor was this all: thp Greek and lAtm;; Churches, which-ad betrayed". symptoms of mutual antagonism from the seco'nd century, were doomed to divisioin,;.. Image worship gave rise to a crusade against images which completely tore asunder Eastern from Western Christianity. A -fiercer struggle still with the Papacy has continued almost to pur own time. And the union' of the' ecclesiastical corpora tions of Christendom, though desired and advocated .by a few, seems as far off as ever. It would -be' at the best but a mixed multitude, of professors of religion. . That : the members of Christ's . mystical ,.body all hold thp; satne cardinal .or saving truths oif the Gospel ds ; not hmO denied. That they all trust solely in the Blood and-fBighteousnes.s, in the Merits and.; Intercession of their, Divine Saviour, and. look to the Almighty Spirit for regenera- tion and sanctification, is fully. conceded. Nor is it .disputed that all iGod's people: are infallibly taught of Him, " the Truth as it is in: Jesus." , Much less is it alleged, that their -differences are important enough to prevent their meeting together for conference or worship, or even for forming a basis for corporate union. But this is not the question before, us.. We are;dealing with " the Church when used as an Authority." The reasons given in , this essay for concluding that "the .ChurBh which, is Christ's Body " is not meant,- . need not' be repeated here.- This Church owns but one authority— rthe Word of God. It did not create this authority ; it was created by it. ; ,- It is not the Bride of Christ, but a chaos of contending parties -that -we are, asked to regard . as the Church , of God. It is these Babel voices, discordant as the sound of many waters, blended into one ' and christened with the name of authority, that' we are asked to bow down to on pain of eternal loss. Nor can we discover either infallibility or holiness in the indi vidual members. Scarcely a disciple is free from blame, to begin with. The vain-glory and the sectarian bigotry of James and John, the scepticism ofThoma8,the wantof spiritual perception in Philip, the betrayal of Judas, the denial of Peter, the slowness and folly of the two disciples of Emmaus — the dissensions, the intolerance, and the cowardice of the whole — all argue the other way. After the descent of the Holy Ghost there is the usual dissatisfaction with the distribution of alms : there was the deception of Ananias and his wife, the worldliness of Demas, the incest at Corinth, the timidity of Mark, and the sealing of sacred history at length by the rebuke of Christ to the Seven Churches of Asia,,. whose candlesticks have been unhappily removed. The truth is there is not; yet, one Church, considered as a whole,., save in the purpose of God. Erom the time of Christ, if not from that of Abel, there has been " increase of the : body.". : Each member is one with the rest only by reason of his relation to Christ as Head. The exalted history of that Church is given in the Epistle to the Ephesians. It is chosen; redeemed, made heirs and. partakers of the promise, created, made nigh, I accepted, quickened, raised, builded together, and, at length, blessed with; all spiritual blessings and seated in v the heavenly places. But all this is said to .beiexpressly " in Christ." Nor will it. be until " the dispensation of the fulness of times that He will gather together in one all things in " Christ, even in Him." ; Not until then will there be a visible Church which will meet all the require- naents of the case, and then there will be no need of Church authority. . " They will need " no candle, neither light of the sun,, for the Lord God will give them light." ' " They will have come in the, unity of the faith and of the knowledge of " the Son of God." That grand conception which is the burden of the intercession of the High Priest over the House of God, that they all may be one, awaits the fulfilment of the, ancient Jewish type of the feast of ingathering, when the. Church will ,,no. longer be. JEcolesia, the called out, but " the gathered in "—a Church Catholic out of every nationality. Nor will the Church, of the firstborn above be much more than the first-fruits unto- God and the Lamb, until its fulfilment is accomplished, as portrayed in Eev. vii., and the whole Church stands faultless and visible before the throne, "a glorious Church," no longer knowing in part, since when that which is perfect is come, that which is in part shall be done away. Certainly, " au thority," will bear the meaning of opinion supported by the civil power, and there has been one Church which has forced its views upon the world fot;, centuries by. the dread of the . dungeon, by fire and sword, where argument has failed to convince. Notwihstanding.that every 'feeble effort at resistance bias been crushed !-under the ,irQn \hl of persecution, and that wbateTCif! of religion was hot marked with the broad, arrow of the Church was branded with its curse, it has never been submitted to by any but its own mem bers, and these, from an ignorant or in fatuated credulity,, have not dared to think for them8elve.s. Perching itself proudly in a position; whichis an attempt to snatch from the word of God its supremacy over the conscience or to hush its voice altogether, unless it is heard but faintly amid the -jargon of conflicting ' opinions called tradition, its mask was at . last taken off, and the link of the chain ..was brokeu which held the religious world together in a compulsory unity. , /That mark, that chain was the authority of the Church.. i.'The Church of Rome is ; now but a sect among sects. Its authority is but a phantom which has arisen out of a cloud of . darkness, of ignorance veiled in the mists of error. But it has 'flitted before the gaze of a party in the Church .,, of England, ; who. have sought to give " substantial reality again in it. , They have borrowed,, or as they would, perhaps, prefer to say, inherited the idea of. the -authority of the Church from Rome. They, themselves, do not repudiate this, for they profess that they are .Catholics, - But they disguise the. fact by calling themselves, not Roman but AngUcan Catholics. Eor all practical purposes, therefore, they may be treated as one. It is difiScult to prove a negative, yet it may be,, reasonably inferred, from the, silence of history, that no Church, other than that of Rome and .its imitators in ; the English Church, has dared to main tain that a departure from . their dicta, in doctrine of practice, is attended with- peril to the soul, and that the Church' has i power to inflict or remit at least temporal punishment hereafter. This is the origin and history of the, Authority of the Church. And the theory is deeply implicated with the most deadly errors. Those who are so fond of, echoing this shibboleth of the Papacy may be solemnly asked if they are not .committed by it to all the false doctrines on which this theory rests for support, and without which it would crumble and fall. These doctrines, such as the in sufficiency of the Scriptures, the infalli bility of the Church, the Power of the. keys, the power to pardon sin and confer grace, are collateral to the subjecfin hand — side issues that crnnot be now discussedr They are only alluded to here as showing thatwith the doctrine of Church authority- are inextricably involved errors, which some of those.who profess to appeal to it would perhaps shrink from owning. One Church may impose authority over the rest : but if the whole of the visible .assemblies of Christians have refused to . be governed by it but in the way, of: , influence, to assert this, is only another- ,way of saying that its records are not authority. It is but " a phantom, a mere idea floating in the minds of one particular section of Christians. ; Danger t — Foreign nations have fo'nr times, known to the Board of Admiralty, , premeditated the invasion of Australian territory, not inclnding South Sea Island aggreBsion : (1) In 1856, when Russia spogbt to fit out naval expeditions in Amerioa to destroy our commerce and land at Melbourne ; (2) when France, in 1859, threatened war re the Orsini affair, and actually formulated a soheme to land an army of:. - ,10,000 nien on Australian shores ; (3) when , 'Germany, before annexing a part of New, Guinea, demanded a piece of northern , Australia; and (4) in 1885, when tho Home Government oabled to the Governors and Premiers of Australia that Russia contem-' plated the oonquest of New Zealand. And yet we hear in some logislativo asaambliea that no foreign power intends the invasion of Australia. The next thing we shall have will be a demand for the northern parts of WoBt and South Australia. The visit of His Excellonoy the Earl of Kintore to the north, ern territory is not too soon, and wo are not surprised to hear that his visit is inspired by the Home Guvernment. Tlie Jefvs and Palestine.— The Jewish Chronicle says— "The members of the Ohovevei Zion Society are determined to help some of their brethren in Russia to settle in the Holy Land, and it is tho part both of philanthropy and statesmanship to encourage them to oarry out their resolve under the conditions that are moat calculated to ensure good results. Even if this passion for Palestine were a sentiment merely, with out promise of deiiveranoe for oppressed-'- Jewish populations, it woald still be entitled '' to respaot and countenanoe. There ie some- -i: thing pAthotic in an onthusiaan which binds : ; the; Jewish toiler of London to the historic- , soil where the groat drama of his people's . , past was enacted, which fills his mind with ; dreams .of a .how. and a joyous life for the : , land whioh has::SO long lain desolate, wbioh ' impels him to devote a part of the pittance ' ho earns by hard work to . a movement that - > aims at making those dreams a reality. That tbe fenlfnii'Dt hu ite praqtical iDflwnce iipon ihW Sracter' <jf Ihose" who theriBh it ir nn- SiBrtnbablfe. ' A pnre /Ideal la ' a blcBBin, Sever pbssbFeeB it'; bnt it'ia an MBentially ir' -'flKfid eift when those who enoy'.it are Inbject to. the temptations, the dehasing ' triich ot poverty. Love for Paleatine, the hope 'that one day her former glory will he ' civeh hack to her— thiB la a Bentiment that hPB helped to aave the down-trodden Jew frrm ntter demoralieatioii in the past, and is oi/iinff to preserve him from it at this very J- „ It lifts the Jewish toiler of the Eaat-end for a moment out of his lower self and his flonalid Borroundinga ; it ennohlea and glad- Sens him. It only for a hrief instant, now and iicaiu, it transfigurea his life. He is no ; ,-„„er the sweated tailor of grimy White- , ' obapcl be ia a freeman of the great Jewish State that is once more estahliihed in the fair land of Israel. He eeca this joy, too, deacen- dine on those who need it most of all — on the nersecnted members of his race, who are not even allowed to he miserable in safety, whose scanty bread ia made a thbuaandfold more bitter by the cruel enmity of those who should protect them. Even they who cannot share the vision must at least he moved by it.- The would-be "Jewish Ambassador in Peris" cannot fail to do homage to. an optimism which makes the hnmhleat Jew nobler than bis snrroundings, and imparts to him a dis tinction which ia denied to his neighbours. The Jewish workman knows that his ideal is far o£E, but he cherishes it none the less. Ho fears that it will not be realised in bis days ; hut he persists in hoping in its realisation for the fake of his children or his children's chil dren, and for the sake, too, of his sorrowing brethren who groan under the yoke of tyr anny. His ideal makes him a better man than his neighbour, because a more refined, a more contented; a more peaceful man. His belief in the future of his people helps to ren der the bardsfaips of his life more tolerable, and supplies a preferable alternative to the wild dreatns of the socialist." Too many Protestants.— As an illustration of the dread of the Irish Papal Bishops lest Pi otestants should acquire addi tional-political power in Ireland, we may mention that the FreemarCs JoKmal has made the following significant announcement : — We will gladly give publicity to any anthora- tive denial of Mr. Harrington's tnost serions allegation, at a meeting of the National League, that resolutions were snbmitted at a certain meeting of the hierarchy protesting against the number of Protestants whom Mr. Parnell was bringing into the Irish party." —Ghurchmm. Faldstool. — The priest-party within the Church of England sail as close to the Boman wind as they can. , For instance they cannot say the Litany from the reading desk but must needs require a dear little stool to be placed exactly in the centre of the chancel and with back to the congregation the ofiScia- ting minister kneels thereon. The self-styled priest by this posture focuses the sins of the congregation, transmitted through himself, on to the " Altar "-table. What happens to the " Altar "-table under this ordeal it is hard to say but there the sins must go. All this ritual nonseuBe makes religion contemptable. " Secesll." — If Mr. Parnell wishes to retain iu his own bands the control of the Home Bule movement, there is one way, and one way only, by which he can easily secnre for himself the coveted position. Let him at once proclaim himself a Boman Catholic, and he will soon discover that secession to popery covers a multitude of sins in the opinion of the Church of Bome. Ho has for many years worked hard in the interests of the Papacy, and if ho will only now don the livery of the Pope he will soon receive a re ward for his labouts. This is not to be understood as a recommendation on our part. We have no wish to see Mr. Parnell a pervert ; and would rather that our words should open his eyes to his true position. He is doingthe work of Bome unless he can persuade his followers to abjure the Pope and the priests. — English Ohurchman. A Comma. — A recent meeting of the general Synod of the Irish Church illustrates " the sharp line of demarcation existing between the priest-party and unfaithful pro- testants. In the catechism of the Church of Ireland, as well as in that of the Church of England. A sacrament is defined to be "The outward aud visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace given unto us." After" grace" there sbouid come a comma, but the Queen's printers have made by its wilfulxmission one of their worst inaccuracies. The mistakes mready detected on comparing any Prayer Book of the day with the fao simile of the original recently published, exceed 400 in number. The omitted comma makes a great doctrinal difference. The priest-party like it out because it signifies that they are like gas- pipes or channels through which grace is conveyed, whereas the comma inserted indicates that grace is the thing signifiid. A comma is nothing in itself, but when tliere lurks behind it that dreadfnl tyrant and im postor — the priest — its importance cannot be over-rated. The Irish Protestants at this last tteeting of Synod conld not get the comma inserted because the priest- parly availed themselves of a quibble, and the previous question was carried. It is not only the openly-defiant ritualist that claims priestly aBBumption, but many a meek looking parson poeseses the hallucination that Apostolic succession elevates bim into the holy, sacred caste of the Obristian priesthood, Un fortunately for this delusive notion ho must be converted first, and every converted layman IS also intentionally snob a priest. CMna Inland Mission. ' Xhe following incidents have been published oy the council ; In response to the Bev. Hudson Taylor's appeal for evangt lists., for China, more' than' a year aib, the Bev. F. Frausoh, 'the pastor of a Swedish Church in America, proceeded to Germany and formed a German China Alliance Mission, which engaged to send ont and maintain SOmiBsion- aries. He.„then returned to America and comtdeuced work in Brooklyn, without a dollar in his pocket, or a worker by his aide.. Before four months were ended he had close upon 50 miBBionaries selected, the pBBBBgS and support of every one being guaranteed by the churches from which they came. Mr. IVauson had also £1000 in hand for the general expenses. The whole of these mis- sionaries have reacned China: In addition to this the Australian contingent has been sent, and the Australian Council, without any solicitation for funds, has received £2000. Bad Mevps for "Womeii.- The dismisBBl of a number of female photograph ists from the Lndgate Circns Post OGBce, London, and the employment of male hands instead, have given a shock to the hopes of many young women who were hoping to get into offices which they would regard as lucra tive, though male bands might be disposed even to strike for higher wages. No official explanation of the change has been given, and the only one which has been suggested must be received with caution, if not incredu lity. Its purport is that the telegrapbistB were too fond of gossiping and neglecting the business of persons who were pressed for time, but had to wait for their convenience to attend them. Snob an imputation is not absolutely incredible in the caae of young ladies, but it is not only nn ungallant one to make, but it may be doubted whether it would have been made if there were not covetous' expectants who desired to get their places. It may be that the recent efforts to introduce trades unionism amongst them may have had something to do with it. God Sees and Knows.-Among8t the victims in a recent sad disaster at Leeds, in which, while dreesed up for a ChriBtmas entertainment, some little children were so burned as to lose their lives, was one little girl who was blinded by her injuries. When flour was dusted over the burned surface, so' as to exolnde the sir, the little sufferer felt immediate relief, and said, " I can!t see you, but God bleBB you, whoever you are." God would know the little one's benefactor, and she hoped that God would bless him. How often God Is ministering to ns by the un known I OiroumstanceB of which we know nothing as the means of good to us — people who do US good in ways which we can never trace— ay, even afflictions themselves, which we can never recognise as bleBsings — or, at any rate, not for a long time — are blessings, and bleBsed, though we cannot see their ministering hands. One evening a gentleman saw a little girl in front of a fruit stall, and heard her saying, " I wish I had an orange for mother." She and the children with her were neat and clean, and the gentleman gave them all plenty of fruit. " What is your name?" asked one of the girls. "Why do yon want to know ? " aeked the gentleman. "I want to pray for you," was the reply. The gentleman turned to go, scarcely daring to speak, when the little one added, " Well, it don't matter, I suppose ; God will know you without your name." Many an one has got a great name amongst men, but " by their fruit shall ye know them." God grant that He may so know us, and not only by a name I — The Quiver. Other Drinking'. — The committee on British and foreign spirits, sitting at the House of OommouBj is becoming the repository of some very strange experiences. It was admitted by a coufidin.g witness, an adventure seeking journalist, that ether drinking ia in some districts of Ireland a vice akin to opium smoking in India or China. Asked to describe from personal observntion the effect of a dose, the witness instantly and graphically pro ceeded to do so. First of all, he said, a flush came over his face, then a transitory wave of excitement seemed to cross him. After that he had what be might term a sort of exalted notion. Ho imagined the surroundiDgs were very beautiful, and generally his ideas were of a very peculiar nature, as if he bad nothing to do and no trouble or bother of any kind to worry him. In fact he was in a very happy state. At this point the chairman broke in with, " You became actually drunk ? " to which the witness mildly replied, " Oh, yes ; I got drnnk." In 35 or 40 minutes the subject had fully recovered his sober senses, but 4 hours of mental depression were the reac tionary consequence. Da Quincey's famous Confessions do not contain any more realistic or at any rate any more matter of fact picture. Mr. Gladstone. — Tlie Lo'ndon Court Journal says : — Mr. Gladstooo dines ont with a regularity and daring that could not he excelled by a man of half his years. One who meets him (vften at these gastronomic tournaments says that Mr. Gladstone's par ticipation in tbiir enjoyments is by no means perfunctory. Some men past 60, still dining' ont, enjoy themselves under severe restrictions, daintly picking their way through the menu.' Mr. Gladstone, past 80, is apparently under no snob restrictions. Ho eats what conaes, generally right through the menu, and can take his glass of port after his libation of champagne, a lest from which many an ardent diner out would shrink. His mental activity is on a par with his physical vigour. His conversation is a never flagging flood, brimfnll of interest. If it were only possible to reproduce a verbatim report of his conver sation at a dinner- party, where the personal surroundinga are suffioiently interesting to excite him to talk, there would be produced a volume of interest, biographical, aotograpbi- cal, .and historical. His memory is marvellous, and his power of graphically recalling an incident is the admiration even of the geritlerneh behindtho chairs. '' So far the' Court Journal, but we may be permitted to disbelieve.- P. S.3 Tke Bible and Recent Critic- Isin. — The Bev. 'Professor Davidson, tf Bichmond 'Wesleyan College, in a paper read before the London Ministers' Meoting, thus sums up the result of recent Biblical critic ism : — " It is, of eonrae, impossible in five minutes to desoriba the present attitude of soholarly criticiBm to the books of the Bible, nor is it necessary to do so. It may be well to sum up the results of the rpinute and exhaustive investigation and re-investigation given to the sacred books of late, by saying that it has spread all along the line and with somewhat varying results. In some cases there has been triumphant vindication th of the genuineness and authority of the Book, admitted by hostile ciitics ; in others the traditional authority has been shown to be untenable, without affecting the subetance or value of the Book itself ; in many cases a measure of doubt still remains, or critica are divided into two or more camps, each preserv ing its own views. The discuBsion of the Pentateuch question has more or less clearly demonstrated its composite character, and enabled us to trace the documents which have been interwoven into its strnctnre, while the attempt to bring down the body of the legis lation to a period after the Exi(e remains a speculative theory, full of difficulties and incredibilities, though at present strongly in favour amongst scholars of repute. Through out the Old Testament signs of editorial care,' of compilation have been brought to light. In the Psalms we poBsess a series of oollec- tions, the dates of which it is somewhat difficult to trace, the attempt to bring these down to a lata' date ' being involved in the Peutatisnobal theory just spoken of. The writings of the prophets are not so largely assailed by criticiBm, though the lEaiabio authorship of the latter part of the book which goes by his name is now given up by the best scholars. Zschariah is thought by many to be composite in Btrnctnre, and the controversy concerning the date of Daniel is by no means ended. In the New Testament the received dates of the oomposition'of the three Synoptio Gospels is, on the whole, established, though stndents are still busy with the problem of the conatrDction of these narratives, how they came, to take the form they have, and what is their true relation to each other, while the attack on the gennine- nesB, and, therefore, on the authorship of the Fourth Gospel has been triumphantly re pelled, as shown in the last volnme of Bamp- ton Lectures. There are four nnquestioned Epistles of St. Pan), and the arguments in favour of the genuineness of tho rent have never been answered. The Pauline author ship of Hebrews, like tho Solomanic author ship of Ecclesiastes, is now abandoned by most. Canlngfor Mary the Bloody. — Tbrashing out rndimentary protestautism is an amiable Popish virtue, and when parents allow their innocent little children to go to nnn's schools and other Bomish educational establishments, they must be .prepared for a good deal of cane. Becently in a Bomish' school near Sydney a little protestant boy was asked a history question about Queen Mary's reign. "Where upon ho naturally and trnth- fnlly gave her the well-earned name of Bloody Mary, who bnrnt the Protestant?. The priest was exceedingly wroth, he threatened caning or repetition of the prefix, and added that the proteBtants deserved all they got. Had old Bome and the Bitualists as well, the' power, the Protestanta wonld be roasted as before. 