-»T~"vy— ^aaam*liral'T»rr' rv • ' HISTORIC RELICS. As fiiost people kndwj there is a place in New South Wal«a yclnpfc Ciinipbclltciwn. Why it is so culled has never transpired t>o Jar as we know ; but this wo do know, that tue town is duly some forty miles from Bowral, and that there are many iucidenta bonnccted with the place which are of his toric interest. Moat of these aw well-known, to persons wlio liave resided about hoie for arty time; but us our population is rapidly lucreasingj and we have settling in our iiiidst a large number of straugers, we ven ttiro to publish the following extract which \V(j happened to come across ihe other day: ,ki In the old R nnan, Catholic cemetery at Canipbelltown, N S.W., situated on a gentle etninenco, where once stood tho old church, inay be viewed somo "monuments having a peculiar interest to the student of Austra lian history. Ono of these is raised to' the memory of threedovoted Irishmen who, as the inscription tells us, were brothers in, arms ut Vinegar Hill, and were transported to Now Smith Wale&fdr; '' that unfortunate business of 1708." These three men on obtaining their freedom settled at Cump belltown and became tillers of tho soil, ro anaiuing warm friends to the end; all three being at their own request buried in one grave; <■ Here also is another slab which is parti cularly interi sting.- The inscription is taken verbatim : Sicfed to the memory oif JAMES BUSH; . ... . who departed this life in the year of Houro Lord 1837 natefnf Cornwel] andarived in the ooleney by the first fleet aged 77. My mother reread toe tenderly; With me Bho took much paine; And when I arrived in thiscolleney • __ I Bowd the first grain; And.now with my heavenloy father I hope for ever to remain; This James Hudd Appears from the re gister of.the first fleet (published in Truth, January 11, 1891) to have been convicted at Bodmin, July 29,1782< and sentenced to seven years' transportation, eo that he had feerved nearly five years of his time before lie arrived in Now South Wales under gov ernor Phillip's care. He was evidently brought out in Consideration of his know ledge of farming, and was, as his tombstone declares, the first roan who grew grain in tho colony. His wife lies buried beside him. The quiet, picturesque village of Camp bellto wu has many oilier interesting remiui sceuces. The oldest inhabitant points out to you the house owned by " Fisher," of" '' Fisher's Ghost" renown* who was mur dered by a neighbour named'" Smith," for his wealth. The story, briefly told, is this: " Fisher" and "Smith" were "old.bauds"' who, having served their time, eettled down to iudustrious habits and amassed consider able wealth. .Smith cast greedy -eyes at F.isher s property and determined to get rid of him. He gave out that bis friend had gone home and left him jn charge. After a while letters were received, it was alleged, by Smith in which Fishor expressed bis in tention of remaining at home and desiring* Binith to sell.off everything, and remit the proceeds: The soiling off took place, but as a matter of fact the proceeds were never remitted. One " Weir," who came to Sydney once a week to market, was re turning home one night, with" perhaps '• just a wee drap in e'o," when he saw what lie thought was Fisher silting on the feuce. : Weir approached himr but as he did the figure disappeared. Thinking that the: rum ho had imbibed h/id something to do with tht apparition, he hurried home and dismissed the matter from his mind, until next market day, when the spectre appeared in the same spot. This time, lw marked ihe fence with his tomahawk, and reporting the" matter to his wife, immediately went to the nearest magistrate, Mr. Cox, and men tioned tho circumstances. Weir was amau of steady character* aud Mr. Coxcau&ed; en quiries to be made. resulting'in the black trackers finding Fisher's body in a water hole near:his property.: Smith" wtig arrested, but' protested lii.t innocence, endeavouring, at, the same lihie, to m«ko light of.the ghost story, and imputing the murder to Weir., He was tried, convicted, arid; soa . ieooed, to he hanged.' The people of Oamp belltowri- and Sydney protested loudly, terming, the execution a legal murder. Smith was hanged inside the old gaol wall in lower George-street, where Long's terrace, and shops now stand, at tho foot of Gallows lull; The execution could be seen from the rocks behind, and tho grim functionary of the law was heartily hooted.ashe peiformed iiiB ghastly office. By evening, however, the public mind was set at rest, as Smith confessed the murder, stating that he had long pliih&ed; it. Tile man who went to England in Fisher's name was aii expiree resembling in appearance tho muidered man. This individual posted in England the jetter of instruction to sell, which de ceived the authorities when Fisher's pro perty wus offered for sale. *#* In Campbelltown still Jives a bale old gentleman who wfell remembers the day when the Chief Justice (Forbes) entered Campbelltown escorted by troopers with drawn<• sabres, and accompanied by the sheriff to open tho first Assize Court. Camp belltown at that time was'a place . .of some importance; now, in a commercial SBonse at least, it simply a sleepy hollow. For thif, it has of'course to thank the-railway which simply ruined the town as it;did roany others in the colony.— -[Strange .'that ia railway should ruiu a towu l] 