Entertainment at Pitt Town. A very pleasing and successful enter- tainment took place at the Public School on the 26th December. It consisted of vocal and instrumental music, dialogues, recitations, and a nigger farce. The object of the entertainment was to obtain prizes for the pupils of the school. The building was well rilled fully ten minutes before the time for commencing, and judging by the expressions of approval, and the smiling and happy faces of the audience, all appeared thoroughly pleased. The meeting was conducted by Mr. Lewis, the teacher, and Miss Lewis presided at the piano. The over- ture, " The Fairy Barque," was very nicely played by Miss Gertrude Wilbow ; song, " The Fisherman and his Child," bv Misses G. Paull, E. Mitchell, and A. Morgan, the voices were well in unison, and it was sung with expression ; Miss M. Owens then sang with gcod effect, " Bring back my Sailor Boy ;" the next was a duet, " Whispering Hope," by Miss Brown and Miss W. Mitchell ; dialogue, Mr. and Mrs. Fogg, Mr. G. Paull, and Miss E. Owens ; song, " Eileen Alannah," Mr W. Lewis ; recitation, " Charge of the Light Brigade," Mr. H. Buttsworth ; song, " Bye-bye, Baby " Misses E. Huxley, M. Sullivan, and E. Lewis ; pianoforte duet, Misses A. and N, Bowd ; dialogue, *. Men and Worne's rights," Misses Brown and M. Owens, and Messrs. A. Mawson and G. Paull ; song, *. Pretty White Lillies," Miss Morgan ; recitation, " The Villiage Blacksmith," Mr. G. Paull ; song, " The Anchor's weighed," Mr. A. Lewis ; recitation, " The Child's Thanksgiving," Master G. Watt ; duet, Chiming Bells of long ago," Misses G. Paull and E. Mitchell ; recitation, " How to cure a Cough," Master J. Owens ; song, " Marj' of Argyle." Misses Brown and M. Mitchell; recitation, " Ben Robbins," Miss E. Owens ; duet. 44 Flow on thou shining j river," Mr. W. and A. Lewis ; recitation, " On Books," Mr. S. Watt ; song, " The I Cows are in the Corn." Misses L. : Higgins, F. Brown, and E. Lewis; pianoforte solo, Miss N. Bowd ; recita- tion, " The Winning Horse," Mr. H. Atkins ; «. Old Folks at Home," by the company ; nigger farce. " The Four O'clock Train," which caused constant merriment ; Traveller, Mr. Kirby ; Dr. Senna, Mr. A. Lewis; Sambo, Mr. F. Lewis ; The Ghost, Mr. W. Lewis. 