GREAT MILUTREET MYSTERY. By ADELINE SERGE 4.NT, Author -of 'Jacobi's Wife.' 'Roy's Repsn tanoe,' ' Daveril'a Diamond,' 'Under False Pietences,' &o.; (Published by special arrangement wltn ths author. All rights reserved.] PART I— VENGEANCE. CifArTEE XXX VIII. — Aftek Thuee Years To the traveller whose eye Is Bated with the glow and color of the fervid east, the ecfb green meadows, the grey skies, and placid streams of an English landscape are apt to seem ab times too pale and monotonous, and at times indescribably refreshing. The lasb sentiment was up peimoab in George Eastwood's mind, as he walked along tne country road between Wychford and Hexham, a few days after his return from foreign lands, an absence which had lasted fully three years. For, after Ma sojourn In the Black Forest he had travelled eastward and south again ; and he had rested little until hla arrival in Bombay, where for the first time during maDy monthB he had an opportunity of seeing an English newspaper. He was not very anxious to see the news papers. Be had avoided letters during his journey and had lost many by not giving bis address. Bia friend the banker had kept him amply supplied with money and had maintained a discreet reserve on the tubject of Jess and her child. Hence it had come to pass that Eastwood had not learned JeeB's fate until he saw a mention of Ib In a paper In a Bombay dab. la was a terrible shock to him. Ab first he did not inow what to believe. She had bsen condemned— so much he saw at the first glance — but to what? The paper con tained merely a passing reference to the event ; it sneered a little ab some evident miscarriage of justice. George felt that he could not reBt until he knew all. It was easy enough to obtain a fall account of the proceedings, which were already many months old. Jess Arm strong, as she called herself, had given heraelf up for the murder of Stephen Eyre. Ib was a nice point aa to whether the had really killed him or not ; for sup posing that he fell accidentally oub of the window was it ab all possible that he could have 4, ot back again without the help of several Btxong men ? The j ary were rather disposed to believe that the unknown party of men In the room were guilty of the murder, and a cold sweat broke out «pon Eastwood's forehead as he realised the daoger that he had run. But he soon perceived that Jess had been f althf ul. She had been obllgad to acknowledge him as her lover, but she had Bald nothing about tbe marriage or hla presence In No. 20, Mill- street. There was nothing to impli cate him— his name was barely mentioned. He drew an Involuntary breath of relief when he found that this waa the case. ' Manslaughter' was the verdict. The jury could hardly convict of murder under the circumstances. And the sentence — three years' imprisonment with hard labor. Not a very hard sentence as sen tences so. There waB some talk about her probable admission Into a penitentiary at the end of the three years. The peni tentiary was evidently thought suitable for a woman who seemed never to have denied that Bhe had led an evil life. One or two kindly disposed persons wrote letters to the newspapers to say that they would look after the girl when she came out of prison, and would help her to lead a decent and honeBb life by procuring some sort of situation for her. And thence Bpiang a long eerles of letters abiat the treatment of women criminals, all based upon that trial of JeEs Armstrong and Ler unexpectedly lenient sentence. The life of women in prisons and peniten tiaries was described In other letters, and a dlEcueslon on the rales and management of such places filled up the columns of several papers at a time when London was empty and In want of a new sensation. By the time George Eastwood had read all that he could find he was In aa utterly dazed condition. The facts thab he had read eeemed to stun him. Could it be that Jess — the beautiful creature In white, with the long golden hair, whom he had painted and caressed and admired — was now one of those fallen women for whose benefit prisons and penitentiaries had been built ? He enub his eyes and saw her aa Buch women were described In the letters that he had read, with hair cut shorb under a dose cap, with coarse gown and apron, acd hands stained or reddened by manual labor of various kinds ; above all wlbh thab racoons or vicious look which one writer declared to be stamped upon the faces of all who became inmates of those dreary walla. Was ib possible that Jess's sweet face conld be branded with that look of guilt and shame % He had no doubt concerning her gallt. Had she not herself avowed to him thab she had pushed Stephen Eyre from his hold upon the rotten window -sill ? Some of the details given In the papers shocked and sickened him. They brought back to him his own vague remembrance of the scene— and also a faint, vague conscious ness, which he could never understand, of his own share In It. This consciousness was not sufficiently clear to be of any de termining value ; but it served to deepen the sense of horror and revolt with which he regarded Jess's crime. It seemed to him now almost Impossible that he should evst have loved a woman of her type. And yet — was there anything that he could do for her 1 When the shock of his discovery died away he began to think — hopelessly and helplessly —of the possi bilities of the future.. He could nob get a divorce from her. He most be separated from her — yes ; bub he was separated already. He hated to think of publicity and scandal. Sorely, as he and his wife, the wife of whom he was bo thoroughly ashamed, and for whom no spark of love now lingered In his breast, as he and his wife were already so far apart there was no need to let the world know they had been so near. She had not betrayed his secret ; he would not betray hers. Strangers they must ever be one to the other, and no one else Bhould ever guess the link between them. There was Meenle, however, to be accounted for ; waat had become of Meenle? She would have to be found and provided for. Consulting the papers again the only mention of Meenle was contained In Jess's voluntary state ment that her child was ' with friends in the country. ' Jess had no friends in the country. So what did that mean ? The first thing to be done, apparently, was to write a furious letter to Mr. Field, the banker, asking why he had bsen left to learn these heartrending details from a common newspaper. He did not find oat the reason for some weeks, when hla lebber was returned to him with the words *' dead— hearb disease,' written across the envelope. The epistle had been glanced at by a clerk and re enclosed to Bombay. The only thing that George Eastwood could think of nt& to go to England ab once, look for his child, and walb till Jess came oat of prison. Bab a letter from Francis Helmont arrested him. Helmont gave him a few details about Jess's trial and Imprisonment, and added that the child was with friends In the country — probably with Alice Drew. He had been told so, and he had no reason to doubt the accuracy of his Information. He told the news gravely and sadly, for he had a strong conviction that Eastwood was very much to blame for the tragedy of Jess Armstrong's life. Bub he added no word of comment or reproaoh, for he wrote by a secretary's hand, and did not wish to pain his friend unnecessarily. He In serted merely a few words In his own uncertain handwriting as a postscript), mentioning tho §x»3i date on which Jess Armstrong would be set free frfm prfaon, Acd that was all. Bast wood did nob go to England jast then. There was nothing to go for, he told himself. Bat the expiration of three years found him treading the green lanea between Hexham and Wychford, with a Icok of dark discouragement upon his face. He had missed Jess, How he scarcely knew. He must have made some mistake In the date. He had gone to the prison on what he thought to be the appointed day, and he had waited while the prisoners were released, bat Jess was nob amongst the little crowd. After a time he sought cut) a benevolent-looking lady In black, who waa rnixlDg with the ex convicts and asking; them to breakfaat ; and doffing hla hat politely he asked her if eke had teen or heard anj thing of a woman named Jess Armstrong. ' The woman who gave herself up for killing pcor Eyre — oh, that waB a very sad case,' said the lady. 'She came oat six months ago on ticket- of -leave.' 'Six months ago!' said Eaatwood, stuttering in Jiia ambza and esgerness. 'So long S' ?' Her behavior was so good, you see,' said the lady In an explanatory tone. 'They let her out xather unusually soon. I saw her here acd talked to her myself.' A flash shot xcom East rood's eyes. ' What has she done with herself ?' 'Pardon me— you are nob going to harm her?' 'I— certainly not. I wished to help her— If possible, to provide for her future.' The lady shook her head. 'She was not an easy person to assist. She would not come to breakfasb with the other con vlcb woman ' — how George writhed ab the word ! ' She refused money and ahe re fuEed work. A very bad sign thab, I am afraid 1:I ' Where did ahe go?' 'To London, I believe, Bab nob to Btsy. She told me that. She Bald that the should prefer the country.' 'Did you not proceed farther? Did you offer her no more substantial assis tance 1' said George. Ib was odd that while his love had grown cold his sense of possession made him exceedingly angry with the woman who had nob assisted his wife in suitable ways. The lady in black bridled a lifable. ' I did what I could, sir, for the unfortunate girl,' she eaid, 'You must remember thab we see a great number of convicts In the course of the year. If she would have come to breakfasb and stayed for the prayers and Scripture reading which we have afterwards I would have given her work had she required It — list slippers to make, or something of that kind. We always give them coffee and bread and butter, Ib heartens them, poor things, for the day's experiences. Bub the woman, Armstrong, would accept no help, spiritual or material. She gave me to understand that Bhe was gone to friends.' Friends ! What friends had Jess ? Eastwood stood still for a moment aud considered. 'It Is possible/' he said ab last deliberately, ' that she may come back to you here for help.' ' Possible, but nob likely, unless she Is committed for another crime.' ' May I trouble you with this card ?' eaid Eastwcod formally. 'My name and address are upon Is. If you see her per haps you will be so kind aa to tell her that I bave come home, and should like her to communicate with me.' The lady looked confused, embarrassed, dlstreEsed. Ib was evident that some remembrance of Eastwood's name was floating in her mind and that she could not exactly define It. George thought It better to leave her before fall remem brance dawned upon his mind. He raised his hat, thanked her formally, and turned away. She stood still as If reflecting on tho matter. Jusb as he reached the the corner of the Btreet he saw her make a frantic dash after htm, and wondering whether the had any further Information to give he stopped and waited her approach. She came up panting, with one hand upon her heart. ' Ob, I quite forgot,' she said, ' who you were ; oh, I do hope that you have seen the — the — error of your wayB.' 'I have seen them very cfben,' said Eastwood grimly. ' Then, will you — will you— do me the honor of accepting this little tract. I have known it to do good to so many — many — hardened and Impenitent sinners.' \- ' I maybe hardened, ' aald George with the faintest possible smile, ' bub not, I am sure, Impenitent.' He took the tract from her hand, glanced at It, and then put It into hla pocket. It was entitled 'Words of Warning,' and he did not feel as If he wanted any warn ing at thab moment; Bat he woald not woutd the feelings of a lady by telling her eo. He raised hla hat once more and was allowed to depart. He went straight to Frank Helmont. Bub the blind clergyman— rector now of the parish where he had so long been curate — was unable to tell him anything. Jess bad not been to him. Then he went to Whltechapel and scoured the back streets and lanes which Jess used formerly to frequent, bub he heard nothing of her. Her name was unknown, save In connec tion with the ghastly Mill-street tragedy, of which George heard until he cared to hear no more. Jess had passed out of the sight and ken of Mill -street folk. Meenle? Nobody knew anything of Meenle. Some said thab she was dead, others that she had bsen taken away by Alice Drew. The name struck dull on George's ear ; he thought he had heard It before, bub did not know how or where. Dr. Price could tell him more, the people said. But he remembered Dr. Price and shrank from meeting him again. 'Put the matter Inbo a detective's hand if you want to find Jess Armstrong,' Helmonb said to him. George shivered a little at the words. 'No, no,' he said hurriedly, ' I can't do thab ; I'll look about a little longer— I may find her still.' 'Do you want to find her ?' asked the parson. ' I don't want to look upon her face again ; but I do want to know thab ehe Is not Btarvlng. Frank, I — I loved her once.' 11 1 know,' said Helmont pitifully, atd then there was silence between^ them for a time. But when Eastwood had been a few days In Bngland a dealre came upon him to revisit the old house at Wychford, which was now his own. It waB nob let at present, and the housekeeper and the servants took a delight In letting their master see how bright and pleasant a place it looked. He was interested In Ib at first and then he wearied of his loneli ness. The house was fall of ghosts — ghosts of the joys that might have been, ghoats of the joys that ho had slain. ' I will go and see Diana,' he said to himself. He had, as yet, hardly realised the fact that Diana was now a widow. Lord Hexham's neck had been broken In the hunting field and Diana's boy had sac* ceeded to the title. She lived with her son at the great old house, where the Hexham's had always lived and where she was reputed to epend a useful, charit able, laborious, and not unhappy life. But George knew little of what had happened In his absence and thought of Diana still as he had)aeen her last, brilliant, glowing with life and beauty, gorgeous In array. It was no wonder, therefore, that he hardly recognised her when after he had entered the great park gates he made his way up the avenue towards the house and encountered two ladies in his walk. Two ; one was tall and stately, dressed in rich black robes that rusbled a little as she passed on. The signs of her widow hood were few, a little rim of white In her blaok bonnet was the only token of ib that a man would be likely to observe. George glanced at her and did not gfanca again He looked instead at her- companion, a young and graceful girl, not very tall ; a gltl with tender earnest eyes, with soft brown* hair ^nd a sweet radiant face. Sa« was dressed In something light and airy— Eastwood did not Mow Its name— ana aha* wore a very beci»mti-£ straw hat upon1 her head. It was her dress nthertnanJier face that recalled to George Eastwood the place and time where he* had seen her last. He stopped Involontarily, a quick light coming into his dark eyas. He had chanced upon Lady Hexham and her youcg relation, Sybil Lorlmer. Chapter XXXIX.— At Hexhasi Oavar, ' Sybil, don't you know me ?' The girl stopped short and looked at him and then at Lady Hexham. The color sprang into her delicate face ; evidently ehe was astonished and even a little frightened.bab she held her head haughtily In spite of her timidity, with the look ot one who had never known fear save as a thing to be despised. 'You can hardly expect Sybil to re member you, I think,' Bald Lady Hexham, with a friendly smile but an observant, glance. ?? Perhaps If you looked at me a little more closely, George, you would recognise an old friend.' ' Js It possible that I did not know you? But you have changed so much, Diana. I ought to have seen you at once, I know. I beg your pardon ? ' ' ' You need not,' she answered. ' I am a little surprised ai your remembering Sybil, however, she waB such a child when you saw her last.' *? It Is the same face:' said George look Ing at the girl so intently that she blushed and dropped her eyes; bat he wasjnot looking at her In admiration so much £1 la keen recollection of the way In which -she had tried to comfort him after his illness when he waa staying with his unote at Wychford. Nevertheless, his close gaze, looked so much like admiration that Diana raised her eyebrows In surprise. There was another person also who seemed to object to Mr. Eastwood'* manner. This was a young man who had, struck across the park by. a side path and joined the little party at this moment. He was a fair-haired, handsome young, fellow in grey dothes, bub his dark eye brows had a way of straightening them selves over his blue eyes until they l^okei quite formidable. He did nob ^J^earto be more than two and Iwen^ v ^: \ 'Oh, this Is my nephew, Toe fLarf' — mer,' said Diana lightly* 'My cousin, Mr. George Eastwood. Were you going to the vlllBge, too. Tom?' ' If you will aUow me,' said Tom.1 ' Then you two children shall* ran os together and leave that basket at Kits. Bennett's,' said Lady Hexham, ' while I escort Mr. Eastwood to the house.' Tom's brow cleared Instantly. Sybil cast a shy glance at George Eaatwood and. moved onward. Eastwood spoke precipi tately. T ' Don't let me prevent yon from going to the village if you had au errand to do* I should enjoy going with you.' 'Ob, no, it does not matter,' sail Diana, who had her own reasons for not' liking to aee Lorlmer cast down. ' We will go to the house ; the children will run to the village more quickly than you and I— than I, at least.' tlDo you call them, children?' 'They are my elder children,' said Diana, with a sweet grave smile ; ' both, left In my guardianship. Tern Is a soa of Hexham's second brother, who died some years ago. Sybll'B^a only a step* relationship — a mock relationship, we sometimes call It — but she Is Ilka a deac daughter to me and I love her very much. They both call me * Aunt Diana,' and I feel'as If they were brother and sister.' ,' ' You are young to take Buch respon sibilities upon yoa, Diana,' said George* with a certain wonderment in his tone. 'I thought I was so much altered,' Ehe eald. ' Altered, with respeoti to a woman, always means aged.' . ... ' No, no, that was nob what I meant,' he said quickly. 'I meant developed, statelier, queenller, all that, sort of thing. ,: lam not a good hand »fc making cam plimentB, Diana ; yon must take what £ mean for granted.' ' I will,' ahe said, with a little gracloos . bend of her head ; 'and I viU^juM for granted thab yow mean all that^id^^^ and flattering,. And whe»hav9:j«Q&&ita; all this long time, George ? Ooffl^giwi me some account of your wanaerlogs. You must be a confirmed globe-trotter by this time.' :: George shook his head. ' I havegrownvery tired of wandering,' he said. -- I think that I shall settle down In England now.' T' - 'Thab will be very nice,' said jDlanaV And yet hi her tone and in the glance of her dark eyes George thought thab/he de- . teoted something alien, somethlngnoliqalte unfriendly and yeb not cordial, and ;he, half repented thab he had expressed-hlauelf so decidedly. Bat before he could contradict his statement she continued her conments, 'It will be a very good thing Sor the estate to have the master back again. I think it la time you came biok. ^ Thera are many things which ^you ^y caa attend to,' ? ????- -.'-££ - ? : ? ' Sure enough,' Bald G^rg^JaUieif . rather sadly,' and walked fora ^riufcr - menta in silence. Lady HexhaoRooked at him once or twice wlbh some curiosity* George was greatly changed, she^sald to herself. Older, graver, more determined looking, but with an air of harassment and trouble with which she was not ac quainted. He certainly had nob the air of a happy man. Diana almosblorgave him hb sinB in noticing this change. But .she did not mean to be particularly friendly ; she had seen the weaknesses In his character long ago and ehe dreaded their effects* ' She would be civil and neighborly' to hex couBln, bat not Intimate with him. And she did not wish Sybil to see much of him either, for Sybil was romantic anl George was of the type which touches ths fancy of a romantic girl. _ ; ° ? As they proceeded towards tie house* which was a very stately looking building of red brick, veiled by creepers to the farthest limit allowed by the massive cbinmey.Btacks, they were met by a none with a perambulator, -in which was en- . throned a little boy of two years old— tha present Lord Hexhamj born just before his father's death. Diana's face brightened and 'softened aa Bfee- ist*-pj)ed to josak to him, and George in«Rj '«? mai^fyffiblag . remarks, on the boy's slza aQd'^trengoi ~; : and beauty as occurred to £ joan who knew very little of children. Bat ft w*» not very difficult to praise little Lord Hexham, for he seemed to have Inherited the best physical traits of father and mother alike ; and as they had been a re markably handsome pair It was Impossible) to overlook the really splendid propor tions, the beauty of feabores, and coloring possessed by their offspring. Lady Hexham took her cousin' Into ft pretty little room she called the 'tea- room' and rang for tea at once, although! it waa yet early. She had some sorb oE desire upon her to Induce him to go away before Sybil returned. Bab George sat on, talking idly of one thing af tier another and showing no Inclination to depart, and finally Lady Hexham resigned herself to the inevitable, for Sybil and Tom cam* Into the room and brought with them a flow of bright words and laaghfeer which evidently tempted the visitor to remain. Bob Diana's Invitation to dinner, which was Inevitable under the circauutance*, was so coldly given that Eastwood-may bat excused for feeling offended rather than flattered by it He was not even molli fied by a confidential sentence or two whispered by Sybil when Lady Hexoaru was out of hearing. . 'Aunt Diana has not begun to receive visitors yet, you know, vJ can sea that she still hesitates, Ii^ ^61 to ba wondered at, Is ib ? Especially when yon :, remember In how sad a way poor Lard Hexham died.' ' ? 'You can understand perpetual fidelity, then?' said George, looking late the toft brown eyes with almost painful ' : admiration. 'Youc»n Imagine what U would be to be faithful to— la— *a Ideal?' : *'OJi, yes,*' said Sybil, with the moab tihrautiig frankness and directness ; 'to anyone -whom one haa loved. Why should van love at all If not for ever V The question re-echoed Badly In East TFood'a ear aa he walked slowly down the long avenue. Heoonldnotmake up hla mind aa to whether the sentiment of It ?were very fame or very false. It Implied a higher Ideal of love than had ever been Ma oim-r-so much was evident. And -when he came to think of It he remem bered that he had heard Jess say some thing of the same kind. The value of the Feeling waa at once lowered in his eyes. If Jess had said it, had thought It, how could it ha true? In this bitterness of feeling Eastwood showed * certain weakness of jadgment -which iad very often been his bane. In his itablt of generalising on insufficient evidence he showed that faculty of the mind which we are apt to call feminine rather than maaooline, and indeed he had attributes which had In old tlmeB laid him open to the charge of womanlshneaa. These had been modified by years and experience ; but in all matters relating to Jesa he -was still liable to sudden fits of caprice and prejadica. The fact was that he felt, in spite of evidence to the con trary, that there was something inexplic able about Jess's conduct, and he could not be at ease until it was explained. In eplte of Diana's coldness he soon found his way once more to Hexham. The charm seemed to lie lees In the fair chatelaine herself than in her adopted niece, Sybil Iiorlmer. It was to talk to Sybil, to emlle into Sybil's eyes, to sing ctaeis with Sybil that Eastwood came. And there was also the keen delight of eidtiDg Tom Lorlmer?e fury — of driving Mm to despair by the close intimacy, tha air of proprietorship that George East wood chose to assume, mush to Tom's amazement and disgust. There was no doubt stall about TomLorlmer'a state of mind. He waa deeply In love with Sybil, in spite of the fact of its belag a family arrangement that he Bhould marry her, Ferhaps'thfs was the fact that made Sybil ao wayward. ' I thought, dear, that you cared for Tom,' said Lady Hexham one day In a slightly reproachful tone, Sybil had just refused to go for a walk with her kinsman, and Tom had left the house with a brow — tregie gloom. 'I do— In a certain sort of way,' responded Sybil, with a little patulant shrug of the shoulders. 'Why would you not go with him &en;?' « I am so «red of Tom,' said Sybil. « I know all his jokes, all hla stories, all his experiences. I want something newer.' 'That Is a foolish wish,' said Diana. 'Something newer may not have the can dor, the courage, the straightforwardness of poor Tom ' \- She was thinking of George Eastwood, and Sybil knew it. uYfby do you try to run Mm dawn?' said the girl almost passionately. ' Why do you not let me believe in him ?' 'In whom!' said Lady Hexham, look* Ing up surprlEed, ' In Tom ?'' ??Fo, no ; not In Tom.' ' You must explain yourself, dear/' Bald Diana calmly. If Sybil had been a TUttle younger she felt that she would have stamped her foot. As It was Bfae only crimsoned, choked a little, and then said moodily — ' I meant Mr. Eastwood.' Lady Hexham sat down and looked at Sybil steadily. 'I am not aware that I ever said a word against Mr. Eastwood,' she said, 'and I do not understand why you should accuse me of doing so.' ?*« You have not said anything— you have only insinuated ? ' **Ko, I have .simply indicated a wish that you should be discreet, Sybil. Ton are showing your Interest in Mr. East wood very openly, as a child might do ; bnt you mnet remember that you are not * child; A very little more and your Interest will become remarkable — and re marked.- That Is the reason why Tom shows some irritability at present. He is not the man to like to see you — cheapen youraeH.' \- — ^SybH stood silent, the color glowing in lieircheeka. 'I do not mean that you have done anything wrong, dear,' said Lady fiexham mfers. gently. ' You have not even been Indiscreet— aa yet. But you must remember that you are a woman — sot a child.' Sybil turned towards Diana with a swift light movement and burstoutsbbblng upon lier shoulder. Diana kissed and caressed her, glad at heart to see that the storm was practically over, ending in broken lights «f mingled tears and smiles. But she was not quite prepared to hear Sybil murmur jsreseniily— ** Then you don't know anything against Mm?': ' If I did,' said Lady Hexham after a momenVs&onght;, *lialt likely that Ishoold tell yobj my^dear? I may say this — I do not think George Eastwood a very high \- principled man, neither does yonr Uncle Frank. -1 And with that expression of — vpinionyou must be content.' Sybil was rilent, though not as content sb Diana wouia have liked her to be. She was much more reserved with East wood for a few days after this convex* nation. But the change in her demeanor only put him On his mettle. He did not like to be neglected. He suspected Diana of having spoken to his detriment, and he was angry thereat. He redoubled hla fascinations; he made himself charming, sot only to SybD but to Lady Haxham \- and her boy ; and if he still snubbed Tom, ie -did it with the dexterity of a man of the world. He had a great advantage over poor Tom, and he used it remorselessly. And yet he knew very well that he was only 'In play.' He did not want exactly to win Sybil Xioximer's heart. Probably Jess was.&tUl; alive; and he could not marry without positive proof of her death. Besides, he did not Intend Jh- marry. He was amusing himself as usual — that was all. And the pleasant summer days flowed on without a check. Lady Hexham had intended to spsak to him at once abont little Meenle, but she ionnd it unexpectedly dlffi.oo.lt to do «v What could -he say 2 She had no ?-- wish tpjcall anon him to pay five shillings a week iorlleenie's maintenance, nor even for him to acknowledge her and take her home to Wychford. Toe child waa per fectly happy with Alice Drew in the little orphanage at the park gates. She was merry as a lark, perfectly healthy and well eared for ; she had companions of her own \- sge, and a mother in all but name. Would it not be almost as well, Diana said, to let matters go on as they were ? Bat fits or chance was too .strong for Diana. Eastwood came striding down the road toward the park gates one summer afiar aoon ; but as he came near he slackened hla pace. For before him he saw Sybil Lorimer ;,she was standing in the garden of the neat little house which Diana called 'her orphanage' talking to a neatlook ing, comely person In a trim blue gown and immaculate collar and cuffs. This was the matron of the orphanage— Mlas Drew. At her side a little, sunny-haired girl of five or .six years old was clinging to \- Alice's dress, and outside the hedge Tom Iiorfme* watched the scene with smiling eyes. He did not see Eastwood'a ad vance. . . 'You fading I Come to me, then, sad give me a kiss,' said Sybil, banding down to the little girl. ' One sweet k'sa 1 tfowthenl' And in a moment the child was in her arms, seated on her shoulder, laughing and crowing with delight. ...,- *' Good evening, Htfias Lorlmer,' said Ewtwocd, robing his cap, 'I see you \ are well employed — as usual !' ??'.-.. - -He did nofc potlce the e tar 6 which Mice : _ gpve nor the Jook of puzzled alarm which croBflcd her face. . ' Ien?t*he » datUog ?' said Sybil g\5ij. ': **5Tow, Meeciej wy * fiotrdo you do V to the gentleman and. tell him yonr name 'Meenle,' said the child, with a little laugh. ' No, your beautiful long name. What Is It?' ' Georglna,' said little Meenla. 'Geor- glna Armstrong — that is my real long name. But I like Meenle beat.' George Eastwood wished that the earth would open and swallow him up. For In Diana's orphanage had he not found his own and Jess's child ? (To be continued,) 