Pussy in the Corner.` Cats are subject to most of the diseases -which afflict the human .rae, and will ice.. quently "catch" a fever from its sick mis. tress or little playmate. When a cat seeks a dark corner, neglects her toilet, and has a hot nose, she is sick and, a trifling remedy now will prevent some more serious disorder. A city cat ehen!d have raw" meat once a day, in the morning. - At night give her a hearty, mcal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in the place of milk. Always re member a cat will eat most anything, it it be warm and well moistened. Have milk or water- where she can get it, and in a clean dish, for lMrs. Pass is dainty, and will scorn to drink duet-covered milk or water as quickly as you would. A country cat, who has plenty of out- doors, should have meat twice a day, a piece as big as an egg each time, ane tut into mouthfuls. Kidney or liver is their favorite, but too much of the latteror of o) aters may cause diarrhmss. They must have grass and plenty of it; it is as necessary to them as salt is to us. It would pay in the city to raise grass and cat nip in a box for these pets. Should a cat be attacked with fits or con vulsions, throw over her a shawl or rig to prevent damage to herself or fcrniture; a whiff of chloroform, ether, ammonia, or, lack ing these, an onion freshly out, will often give relief. Should she continue to cry pite. ourly, with eyes wide open and glaring, pro tent the hands with gloves, grasp her firmly in the shawl and with a sharp pair of scissors snip the end of the ears; a few drops of blood will be suMfient; let her stay in acool, dark place, and for several days feed sparingly .with warm bread and milk. One of the most valuable remedies for cats and small dogs is sweet oil. One half table spoonful in their milk is seldom refused. In cases were poisoning is suspected it is the best and certainly the caiest remedy. For inflamed eyes apply a wash of warm milk or weak borax and water. A oat will catch cold, sneeze, and have all the symptoms of influenza; grease the upper part of her nose and administer one-half teaspoon of castoria or balsam; it she has a sore throat wrap it with a flannel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from the children. Oats with kittens should not be roughly handled or frightened, or she will miscarry or suffer during confinement. Do not kill all her babies; leave her at least one until such time as it can eat other food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother suffer from swelled breasts, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and give aconite and belladonna alter nately. Some people and doctors are ashamed to prescribe for cats, but there can be no loes of dignity in such a humane act. Pussy will be a silent ghost gliding through the house, or she will be an intelligent, af fectionate friend (not a slave like a dog), an cording as she is neglected or loved and cared for. I cannot close without a protest against the cruelty of leaving a cat to "get its own living" while the house is closed during the summer months. Give her shelter, and pay the butcher and milkman to feed her, if there is no friend or home where she can be carried. 