Hypnotism. St. James's Budget. I wish I had never seen him. I wish I didn't always want to know the reason why. I wish I wasn't perpetually troubled by an impertinent curiosity. Why couldn't I have been content with what I had got from the " Encyclopedia Britannica" and "Inquire Within upon Every thing?" Why should Ibe always posing as an intelligent inquirer? It has cost me exaotly £10,000. I am his only nephew, and I corresponded with Uncle Boultby ever since he emigrated as a steerage passenger seventeen years ago. Yon see Unole Boultby had been very kind to me as a boy. He used to take me out fishing with him and give me shillings; that is the kind of uncle a boy likes. And when Uncle Boultby was shipped off to America with a single £5 note in his pocket, to take his chance, I believe I was the only person who was genuinely sorry for him. And Uncle Boultby was quite aware of the fact. The reason of Unole *Boultby's expatriation was, as grandfather put it, that he didn't know how to say "No." Unole B. was nobody's enemy but his own; that is to say, he got drunk whenever he had the chance. For ten years Unole Boultby worked aa a common navvy. In America, you know, you have to work or starve; there are no societies in America as there are in England for making the life of the working man beautiful; it is simply that—work or starve. Then Uncle Boultby, after ten years, had a slice of luck; he bought a share of a mining claim, and in five years he made £10,000. Then he came home and informed me that I was to be his heir. He had been at home a year; he had had one attaok of delirium tremeru that brought him to death's door; then, by my advice, he allowed himself to be incarcerated under the Habitual Drunkards Act. He was discharged as incurable after six months; he began his old tricks again, and I had reason to believe that he would not last much longer. Bo I went down to Plymouth to look after my Uncle Boultby. I was sitting in a first-class carriage in the Great Western express with an uncommunica tive person in a tweed suit. His luggage was on the rack; it consisted of a Gladstone bag; there was a label on the Gladstone bag. I stood up to read it under pretence of opening the ventilator. I read the name Professor Tadger. I was rather pleased than otherwise. What a lot of information I might be able to ex tract from the professor if I only went the right way to work. I remarked that it was a fine day. Protestor Tadger nodded. I said that there was very little in the paper. Again the profes sor nodded. I tried to get into conversation with him by all the usual devices. I could get nothing out of him but nods. What's the use of being a professor if you don't confess. Per haps, I thought, after all the fellow is just a common conjurer or a oom-cutter or a hair dresser. They often call themselves professors. For a whole hour the professor had been read ing silently a black book in German; All I could make but was that the author's name was Moll; if I had only known German I could have found out what the book was about. Suddenly a very extraordinary thing happened. Professor Tadger began to stare at me in an excessively rude manner. I turned my eyes away. When I looked again in his direction he was still staring—staring in a way that made my flesh creep. Was he mad ? He frightened me. " Don't look at me like that, sir," I cried. "Aren't you well?" and I was about to seize the handle by which you communicate with the guard. " Don't alarm yourself," said Professor Tadger very suavely; "I only wanted to see if you were Busceptible to the influence. I fancied that you would make a good subject; bo you would, if you didn't resist." Then he explained to me that he took a great interest in what he called hypnotics. " Ah," I said laughingly, "you've got a show; if it's at Plymouth I'll patronise you. I'm going to Plymouth." "So am I," said Professor Tadger; "but I haven't got a show. I take an interest in the thing simply as an observer. lam a biologist." "Do you mean to seriously say that it isn't bosh ?" I asked. Profeßsor Tadger only glared at me. " Sleep," he said very blandly. That's all I remember till I found myself rubbing my eyes, and seated on the luggage rack in front of Professor Tadger, for all the world as if I had been a performing monkey. " Why don't you come down ?" said Professor Tadger. "Do you believe in hypnotism now ?" • It was a very curious thing. I remembered perfectly well our conversation up to the point when the professor had said "Sloep," but I remembered nothing more. I felt very indig nant indeed, and I oame down from the luggage raok; then I felt for my watch and I felt for my purse. They were all right. " You have played a very unjustifiable trick upon me," I Baid. "Not at all," said the professor, "not at all; It was no trick, it was an experiment. I am successful with about 80 por cent of ordinary subjects." It was not nice to be called an ordinary subject. Then he beson to talk about hypnotism. I didn't believe half he said at first. " You should get over that feeling," said the professor. "Hypnotism is a very interesting subject, as you would acknowledge if you had seen any of our experiments at Oxford. If you had a logical mind you would see that you didn't get up in the luggage rack, as you did just now, of your own free will. That ought to be sufficient to convince you that hypnotism is not nonsense. Were Iso inclined," he added with a little laugh, " I could relegate you to the luggage rack till wo reached Plymouth." There was no withstanding that argument; I caved in at onoe. "You see there is nothing wicked or uncanny or diabolical about hypnotism," said Professor Tadger; "you should disabuse your mind of any Billy idea of that sort. It is subject we know very little about; but we should approach it seriously, because, you know, it is a thing that will, sooner or later, be probably introduced into ordinary medical practice. lam not a doctor; but I have hypnotised a great number of people, and I have ofter been able to relieve pain. I'll give you instances. A person comes to me suffering from neuralgia. I hypnotise him. There is no mistake whatever about the neuralgia; it has perhaps lasted several days; the face is swollen. I can remove a severe headache in the same way. " I don't like the thing," I said. " There is a good deal too much hanky-panky for me. Besides, I have seen lots of the so-called experi ments, and it always appeared to me that the poor devils who acted as subjects ware simply accomplices who received payment to make themselves ridiculous." " That may or may not be the case," said Professor Tadger. "I look upon it as a very sad thing that people should be hypnotised for the amusement of their fellow-men ; but there is certainly some good to be got out of hypnotism, and the study of the subject, the ultimate benefit of the human race being the object in view, can do no harm. There is nothing like a crucial test," said the professor. "We are both going to Plymouth. I am stopping at the Royal. Here is my card." He gave me a card on which was inscribed PbofeBsor Tadoer, College, Oxford. " Now, I'll tell you what I will do for you. of you will present yourself at my hotel with three ordinary individuals between the ages of eleven and five-and-forty—old people and young children are bad subjects, that is why I make the suggestion as to age—l will show a very extraordinary experiment. You shall .bring with you a new paok of cards in its wrapper. I will hypnotise one of the subjeots. You shall select a card yourself whose face I shall not see. I will place the card in the hand of the subject, back towards him; I will tell him that it is a photograph of, say, the Prinoe of Wales. He will obey my ' suggestion,' which I make in a sufficiently authoritative manner, and he will agree that it is a photograph of the Prinoe of Wales; and to him, please to understand, it has ceased to be a playing oard, and after my ' mandatory act' to him it is a photograph of the Prince of Wales and nothing else. I will direct him to throw it upon the table. You shall fling down the rest of the pack, backs upwards, upon it; and, well mixing the cards, you will watch us both as narrowly as you like. I will then simply say to the subject, * Whioh of these photographs is that of the Prince of Wales ?' He will unhesitatingly select the oard originally handed to him." "Professor Tadger," said I, "if you will do that I will believe all you say—nay, more, I will give you a testimonial." "It is very good of you," said the professor; " but I am not in need of a testimonial." " Can you toll me," I said a little severely, " of any permanent benefit to anybody whioh has ever been produced by hypnotism ?" "Oh, certainly," said file professor affably; "there are innumerable recorded cases. lam not a doctor, as I have told you, but I have oured three habitual drunkards." " The cures took some time, I should think," I remarked derisively. " One sitting was enough," replied the pro fessor with a smile. "If you do the oard triok," said I, " you shall try your hand on Unole Boultby." The professor expressed his readiness to undertake what he called " the experiment with the playing cards," and suddenly took an immense interest in Unole Boultby. We reached Plymouth. I went to see Unole Boultby. My uncle's doctor told me that he didn't think he would pull through. The same evening I called upon the professor with three " subjeots," chosen haphazard. The professor's triumph was complete. The experiment with the playing cards came off at the first attempt. I took the professor straight over to Uncle Boultby's place. Uncle Boultby was very bad indeed—he didn't even reoognise me ; he called me Julius Crosar. And when I introduced the professor, my poor unole said, " Oh, Professor Pepper, of course. I hope he hasn't brought his ghost." Professor Tadger stared at him rather > sternly. "Sleep!" he said in a firm voioe, "Sleep!" There were no passes—no hanky panky of any kind. Unole Boultby's head dropped baok, and he went off as sound as a house in an instant. " Open your eyes and listen to me," said the professor in an awful tone. Uncle Boultby opened his eyes, and the pro fessor shook his forefinger at him. "When you wake," continued Professor Tadger, "you will hate all kinds of wines, Bpirits, or fermented drinks; the smallest quantity will make you horribly siok. You will turn teetotaller! Wake," added the professor » wake." Uncle Boultby did wake as though from a refreshing sleep. "I wißh you good evening," said the professor. " I hope you'll get better." Then he marched out of the room and I haven't seen his face since. Uncle Boultby did get better—he got well; he turned teetotaller; he ate his Christmas dinner with us. There was iuat a little brandy in the pudding which we had forgotten. It made Unole Boultby horribly ill. Uncle Boultby is going to bo married to morrow. I am going to the wedding. I feel as if I were going to my own funeral. If U hadn't been for my cursed cariosity about hypnotism I should have been the better by £10,000. m As for Professor Tadger—bother Professor Tadger!— 