AMUSEMENTS. THEATEE ROYAL. i ' AnotliGr ' crowdedHouse fesHEea" ftj, The gaining popularity of "The Gondoliers" at the Theatre Royal on Friday night. The; per r .. formance went excellently throughout, and the : principals were called'before the curtain at the : close of each act.. Mr. H. J. Whittington, ; the treasurer of the Royal, take3 a well j deserved holiday.to recruit his health.. ?- GAENER'S ROOMS. The Stacey company, were again well sup j ported at this place of amusement on Friday, ' and the performance was received in; the most favorable manner by all who-were present. ' THE BOYS' INSTITUTE., .?. | A successful social was, held on Thursday I evening in the Victoria Hall, Gawler-place, in connection with Our Boys' Institute. . There ' was a very-good attendance of members and ; friends, and the parents and..elder..friends of ; some of the boys were also present. , The room i was tastefully decorated.,with .flags,, flowery ? and green stuff, while some tables with | pictures, curio^, - and drawings" added to -the": , effect. One .table -was> set apart, to -show the : eifarts.oOhe.Srjiwinglclass, wlicltisjsanducted ! by Mr. Thos. Ckirdon. Another exhibited some'; fine -shells and -minerals, lent.- by Mr. W. . C,. Grasby. _In.one_aoriier was some .work .done! 'by some- of the use of tools class.. Mr. Kirkham - Evans read apologies from i the . Hon. ",J. . _Gv _Jenkins, 1. the. "presi dent,. and Dr. T. "iK.' Hamilton," one of : ;the vice-presidents. Two recitations were. 1 given: by . Masters iGedrge'Ball .and. Jackson,, members of the elocution class;anda scmg waai given by Master J. BaKour. - ,Messrs. Wright ! and Attridge gave an exhibition' of club'swing ; ing, and thesetwo- withMr. A, G&ppr; the leadejPS; : of the gymnastic classes, led a dozen of tffe /members of-their class-through'a series of. exercises consisting of .musical drill and parallel ' ; and horizontal bars. "The general secretary of the Y.M.C.A., Mr. J. J. :Virgo, gave a resume of the work of the; institute, drawing attention to the advantages of the institute in the shape; of its various; classes, and noted especially, the flourishing'condition bf the Bible-class. ' Y.M.C.A. ORCHESTRA. ? A Jargely attended meeting was held in thef Y.M.C.A. rooms on_ Friday evening foi* ; the purpose . of forming an orchestra in i f connection with. the Y.M.C. A. musical society. -, i ; Mr. J. J. Virgo presided, and explained the: | objects of the meeting. -It was resolved that a ! , Y.M.O.A. orchestra-be formed to be affiliated. | ? with the. existing musical society.' It was ! further decided that those present together ; : with those who had consented to join be ad-, mitted into_membership.. Mr. T. J. Jessop, ' the conductor, announced that 35 ladies and1 gentlemen were willing to join. It was de- j cided that the officers be those already in ex- ' istence in connection -with the*musical^soeiety, with Mr. Farrow, the leader of the orchestra, as ex officio member of the committee. j OrCLOEAMA. ! There has been a very good attendance at' the Cyclorama this week, Miy Loekley's lec tures being much appreciated. " i MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. ; Large numbers of people attended this place of amusement yesterday, the doors having to be kept open in the evening for an hour and a half beyond the usual time of closing. To day the illusion will _be. represented to the ' Adelaide public for-the last time, and those , who have not yet witnessed it should certainly not miss it. . 