MR REID'S proposed amendment on the address in reply to the Governor’s speech at the opening of the Parlia ment of New South Wales has been negatived by a decisive majority, but we are told that this was chiefly be cause bon. members regarded it as premature. The feeling of the Assem bly is reported to be rather against the bill in its present form, and that when it comes on for discussion it will be largely amended, in the supposed in terests, without doubt, of New South Wales. It has been clearly pointed out already that any amend ments made by any provincial legis lature must mean delay and difficulty. If New South Wales sets the example of meddling with the bill we may be sure that it will he copied by other legislatures also, with the result that another Convention will need to be summoned to the thankless and troublesome task of reconciling pos sibly hostile clauses and bring ing out a compromise which will prove acceptable all round. No one will venture to deny to the various provincial legislatures the right to deal with the Federal Consti tution Bill at their discretion, but, nevertheless, it is much to be re gretted that there is in New South Wales so obvious a disposition to exer cise this right for party purposes. The Sydney Assembly would have acted more wisely if it had placed on record its comments on the bill, and its wish to amend it on certain lines, and then have re mitted the whole question to the people by whom, in any case, it must be ulti mately decided. The legislatures of the various provinces fulfilled then part with regard to federation when they elected delegates to the Conven tion. In so doing they committed themselves to the principle of federa tion, and left nothing to be done but the adjustment of ways and means. We are not at all sure of their moral right to review the work of their own delegates, more' especially as there is an inevitable and final appeal to the people at large. That Mr Reid, in Sydney, took the extreme course of moving an amendment to the vice regal address, which was no more nor less than an attack upon the Federal Constitution Bill, and which Sir Henry Parkes very properly regarded as a motion of no confidence, shows in un pleasantly plain terms that we may expect the grand question of Austra lian Federation to be dragged through the mire of party politics. All true Australians will wish it had been otherwise. It has been very aptly remarked that the spirit of selfish provincialism will either bill the Federal bill or be killed by it, and the evidence grows stronger every day that the real trial of strength will be not on the abstract question of Australian Union, but whether the selfish, narrow, and mistaken tactics of a bigoted or interested minority will prevail over the greater national in stincts which are coming into the light. It is hardly too much to say that the ultimate fate of the Federal bill will be settled at Sydney. Not by the pre sent Parliament, because Sir Henry Parkes would never accept from it an adverse vote on so great an issue. But the Opposition may, and probably will, force an appeal to the country, and the result of that appeal will ring throughout Australia as the dominant note in subsequent debates on the bill. Sir Henry expresses himself confident that the voice of the people will give an overwhelming “aye” to the ques tion shall Australia be federated. We must hope that this opinion will be. verified by facts. Still, the precedent set by Mr Reid is an eminently evil one. W» are inclined to question the equitable right of Parliament to alter or amend the bill, and we hold most firmly that, admitting the right, it is one which should not be exercised except on the strongest reason. But, however all this may be, every true Australian citizen will regard with the strongest disfavor any attempts to use so weighty and so sacred an issue as a means of securing political power or notoriety. The one redeeming feature of the whole situation is, that the truculent tactics of the Opposition in New'South Wales may lead to a decisive expres sion of the popular will on the question of Australian federation. An eminent divine found matter for thankfulhess in even an uneventful day by reflecting on how differently things might have been. Wo live iu times when institutions and traditions which heretofore been held sacred are subject to fierce and not always respectful criticism. And it is well to remember in the name of the Empire, on the seventy-second birth day of Queen Victoria, how differently things .might have been. The days are past when sovereigns, whether Emperors or Queens, were regarded as gorgeous lay figures, doing nothing but wear velvets or jewels, and filling up their spare time by counting great heaps of money. The calls on the physical and mental resources of those who wear crowns is perhaps more severe than those which visit the humblest and hardest daily laborer, and we have abundant evidence that Queen Victoria is both an ener getic and a wise administrator. If we want to realise how differently things might have been-, -we need not go far afield. In the United States, as soon as one President is elected to his four years’ term of office, intrigues begin with reference to the next one. Prance is always face to face with the possibility of revolution, while in Russia the sovereign moves about in constant danger of the blow of an assassin. All these things mean unrest and discontent among the people, while in our own case, and in spite of all the evils and miseries associated with a crowded industrial population, there is in all quarters a strong feeling of personal attachment to the Queen. It is not only this sentiment of personal loyalty but the conviction, sure to arise to an honest enquirer, that British subjects have a degree of personal liberty greater perhaps than is accorded to any other nation under the sun. Our Sovereign appears to us a visible guarantee of the continuance of an untold number of social and political blessings. It is well that the nation should rise on her birthday, the 72nd anniversary, to morrow, and reverently say God Save the Queen. Ad important meeting of legal and mining managers and directors of mines was held yesterday at Messrs Chalk and Cahir’s office, to consider the allocation of the pros pecting vote. The general opinion was in f.vor of devoting the whole of the £BO,OOO to the assistance of mining generally, and awarding it on a more liberal basis to tho larger centres; uls«, that the diamond drill voto should be separate from the general one. M-ssrs Hedrick, Brophy, Barton, Chalk, Roberts, and Lawn were appointed a deputation to wait upon tbe Minister of Mines, aud lay before him the views of the meeting, A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere in The Star. 'Mr Morkham, an officer of the Public Works Department, yesterday visited Balla rat for the purpose of inspecting the Gnarr Creek, within the boundaries of the Shire of Bungarce. The visit was made mainly with the view of enquiring into the complaints of ratepiyers whose property, abutting on the creek, had suffered damngc by floods (lining the lute heavy rains. Mr Morkliani on bis arrival was received by tbe presi dent, councillors, nnd engineer of the shire. The portion of the creek re ferred to was inspected, nnd a number of suggestions were made with tlio view of effecting certain improvements which would prevent au oveifiow of the Btream, Mr Morkham promised to give the requests favorable consideration, and said he would lay the case of the ratepayeis before the Minister on bis return to Melbourne. Before the inspection was made Mayor Gale entertained tbe party at tbe council chambers, Ballarat East. A number of to-sts were proposed and honored. Mr Morkham, Mayor Gale, and other gentlemen during the day visited the improvements at the Yarrowee channel between the Alfred Hull nnd Wills street, aud Batisfact-iou was expressed at the progress being made with the work by Mr Brown, the contractor. A report of a public meeting, held in Bal larat East last night to discuss the question of local option, appears in The Star to- day. The fortnightly meeting of tbe Trades nnd Labor Council was held last .night in the council chamber of the Trades’ Hall. Thcte was a good attendance of delegates. Tim chair was occupied by tbe president, Mr W. Hurdsfield. Correspondence was received from tbe Locomotive Enginedrivers’ Asso ciation, stating that they had appointed Messrs G. Brown and John Williams to represent that body on the council, and ask ing that they might be placed on the irre gular list, as they would be unable to uttend regularly in consequence of tbe inconvenient hours to which they were subjected. The g-ntlemen named were accepted on condi tion that they conformed to the rules in the same manner as other representatives. Mr Lee vtaa also appointed to represent tile Saddlers’ Society. From the secretary Trades’ Hall, Melbourne, drawing attention to the convention to be held iu Melbourne on Saturday next for the purpose of drawing op a political platform, and requesting Ballarat to seud representatives. Mr Hobson moved, nnd Mr Meagher seconded, that two representatives be sent. Mr Ewin moved an amendment to the effect that only one be »ent. The amendment was seconded by Mr Gunn. After some discussion the motion was carried, and the president and secretary were appointed. From secretary Australian labor federation general council, acknow ledging receipt of £l5 2s S-l in aid of the Queensland shearers. It was decided, on the motion of Mr Marsden, seconded by Mr Fitchers “ That this council heartily sympathise with the bushworkers of Queens land at the arbitrary sentences imposed upon some of their number at the late trials. And that this motion be forwarded to the secre tary Australian labor federation.” ' The motion was carried unaniuiou'dy. After several reports had been received and adopted, and accounts past fnrlpayment, the council adjourned. We understand Mr Anderson, clerk of courts, has received an intimation that he is not to be removed from Ballarat. Tbe May meeting of the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club was held yesterday on tbe course, Redan, and passed off most successfully.. The principal item of interest in connection with the gathering was the running in the Gnlloway Handicap. This was won by Lady Sarsfield, but the running of Wasp was so suspicious that the jockey (Caldecott), and the owner (M'Lend) were called b-fnre the stewards. The winner wss leading, but was under punishment, nnd Wasp came up rapidly on the outside in the straight, without the application of either spurs or whip, and must have won bad tbe rider not pulled her most flagrantly. Caldecott- ex plained that he was instructed to win, and tried his best to do so, while M’Lend said be wns satisfied with tbe boy’s riding. The stewards thereupon disqualified mare, rider, and owner for six months. Subsequently Caldecott asked tbe stewnrds to reconsider tl eir determination, an he had acted up to his instructions not to win. M'Leod also admitted that such was tbe case. Tbe stewards thereupon rescinded t heir former resolution, fined tbe jockey £2O, and dis qualified the mare and the owner for two years. A report of the racing appears else where in The Star. Our Melbourne correspondent, writing last evening, says:—“A point of great import ance to mining investors was raised to-day in the Supreme Court. Meßßrs Andrew and James Haddoh, of Melbourne, held 400 shares in the Duke Company, No Liability, Maryborough. These shares were forfeited on 22nd March, 1890, for non-pnym-nt of calls, and sold. The plaintiffs claim that | the directors who made the calls were not properly qualified as shareholders at the time of their election, end, therefore, the culls were improperly made. They, there fore, claim their 400 shares, or, as an alterna tive, £2OOO. The directors objected to were Messrs Barton and Morgan, the former of whom was not registered as a shareholder until three months nfter his appointment, whilst Morgan’s shares were legally forfeited through the non-payment of a call, although he afterwards paid his calls. The case was not concluded when the court adjourned.’' The funeral of the late Mr Charles Leggo took place yesterday, and was very largely attended. In the eortego were many of the leading citizens of Ballarat, and represen- tatives of all the public institutions. The order of the procession was as follows— Bulch’s Model Brass Band (playing the “ Dead March ”), Wendouree Rowing Club (of which Mr Leggo was vice-president), City Fire Brigade (of which the deceased was a member). Next came the hearse and mourning coaches, which were followed by Mr Leggo’s horse and buggy, draped in black. Then came the employes at Messrs : Leggo aud Sons’ brewery, on foot, four of whom acted as coffin-bearers. At the re- quest of the friends of the deceased there were no pall-bearers. Captain Hennah marshalled the procession. The remains were interred in the Old Ceme- tery. Archdeacon Green officiated at the grave. Mr Charles Morris carried out the funeral arrangements in a satisfactory manner. We are requested by the relatives of the late Mr C. Leggo to thank the large number of people who have shown in various ways their respect for him and sympathy with them; and to acknowledge with the warmest feelings of gratitude the numerous gifts of wreaths of flowers, many of them most beautiful, and all showing evidence of the loving kindness aud thoughtfulness of his friends. The delegates who were appointed to represent the iooal Trades’ aud Labor Council at the forthcoming convention to be held in the metropolis were last night in structed to advocate the following planks in the political platform:—l. The value of laud to ba the basis of taxation, npart from improvements. 2. To prevent, as far as possible, the alienation of land from tbe State. 3. The abolition of free passes on the railway. 4. The exclusion of the Con spiracies’ Act from the.statute book. 5. The registration of electors’rights. 6. That every member of the political league shall be in possession of a voto for the Assembly, and shall use such vote for the repeal of the Masters and Servants’ Act. Owing to a bereavement in tbe family of the chairman, the monthly meeting of the Ballarat Water Commission was not held last evening. Several members of tbe com mission attended the office and passed a number of nccouuts for payment. ' A choral programme was produced at the Exhibition last evening. There was a good attendance, and the efforts of the performers were well received by tbe audience. Tbe programme was ah follows:—Overture, “ Calif of Bagdad,” Bruuu’s Orchestral Society; part songs, “Of a’ the airts,” “ Song of the bop-pickers,” Exhibition choir; song, “In shadow land," Mrs Bur rowes; selection, “ La sonnambuhi,” Orches tral Society; song, “ Britannia, tbe pride of the ocean,” Mr J. W. Burton; part songs; “We arc singers, singing daily,” “Aus tralian national anthem,” Exhibition choir; fantasia, “La riviere de Diamante," Orches tral Society; part song, “ Gipsy’s life,” Exhibition choir; song, “ I cannot say good-bye,” Mrs Burrowcs; polka, “ Leo santerelles,” Orchestral Society; song, “Anchor weighed,” Mr J. W. Burton; glee, “ Awake, -rEoliaii lyre,” Exhibition choir. In our advertising columns is pub lished the programme for the People’s con . cert to-night. A special mooting of the council of the Art Gallery was held last evening, to con sider the recommendations of the executive committee in reference to the establishment, under the auspices of the assocation, of a school of art and des'gn. The report was adopted, aud referred back to the executive, with power to take all requisite notion -for the organising and opening of the school early in July. In response to the appeal of the vice-president (Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat) contained in our issue of yester day, 25 guineas were subscribed at the meeting towards the purchase of one or more of the water colors now on view at the gallery, ns a Queen's Birthday presentation thereto. This amount, it hs anticipated, will bo considerably augmented to-day by outside subscriptions, and a meeting of the selection committee at 2.45 p.m. was there fore resolved on. A subscription list will be published in Tuesday’s issue. The opening meet of the Ballarat District Hunt Club will be held to-day at Trunk Load, when the season will bo officially in augurated. Last Saturday there was a pre liminary run, when we were glad to notice that the number of followers was ns large or larger than previous years. The com mittee hope for a most successful season, ns the interest being evinced in the proceed ings of the club is as lively .ns ever. The throw off as usual to-day will be at 2.30 p.m. There will be on view this evening, at Richards and Co.’s, a group photo, of tbe Creswick Fire Brigade, which is to be pre sented to Captain Letch ns a token of esteem on bis leaving tbe district. Yesterday, at the City Police Court, the presiding magistrates were Messrs Foster, P.M., Colonel Sleep, Messrs Hnycroft, Gibbing*, and Austin, J’s.P. An old man mimed James Boyd, charged with vagrancy, was set at liberty, ns arrangements bad been made for his admission to the Benevolent Asy lum. The following persons were fiued for not sending their children to school the number of days stipulated by the Education Act:— E. Ramus, R. Chinnery, C. Smith, R Folk, T. Duustau, W. Walters, J.' Trebilcock, W. Tregenzi, J. Arelett, T. Baynetnn, G. Smith, W. H. Gordou, R. Patnphlon, M. Murfett, F. Caldecot, and Edward Searle. Several small debt cases were heard, and other routine business was disposed of. The court then adjourned. The Norwood team of footballers, tho champions of South Australia, will play a match this afternoon on tho Eastern Oval against tho first twenty of the South Bal larat Club. By special train, leaving the Western station at 1.10 this afternoon, the Ballarat first twenty will proceed to Geelong to' play the team of tile Geelong Football Club. Holiday excursion fares will be charged, aud tickets will .be available for return up to Monday night. To-morrow afternoon, at ' half-past 2 o'clock, the procession of amalgamated bands will start from the Burns’ monument, beaded by five drum-majors, and followed by tbe three Ballarat fire brigades. Tho route to be takeu will be up Sturt street on the north side to Doveton street, mid then down Sturt street, on tbe south side, through Bridge and Peel streets, to tbe Eastern Oval, where the sacred instrumental programme will be rendered, commencing at 3 o'clock. About 100 musicians in uniform will take port. An excellent programme has been prepared, comprising pieces from Mozart’s 12th Mass, Handel, and other authors; each bandmaster will conduct two pieces. The proceeds are for a bandsman who is in straightened circumstances through illness. The admirsion will he a silver coin. The bench at the Town Police Court yes terday was occupied by Messrs Morris, Lord, and King, J’s.P. Only business of a routine character was dealt with. George Baker, charged with using obscene language was fined 40s, in default 14 days in gaol. On a presentment of vagrancy the accused was re manded until Monday. Richard Batson, who was also charged with vagrancy, was set at liberty as there were exteuuating cir cumstances in the case. Two petty cases being disposed of the court adjourned. The Norwood team of footballers, who play the South Ballarat F.C. on the Eastern oval this afternoon will be publically wel comed at the City Hall this morning, at 10 30, by Mayor Shoppee and Councillors, after which they will be driven to tho Town Hall, Ballarat East, where Mayor Gale and councillors will kindly receive them. They will then be shown tbe sights of Ballarat before the match takes place. The Trades and Labor Council at its meet ing last night decided to grant its support to a concert to be given under the patronage of the Painters’ Union and the Loyal Vic toria Lodge M.U.1.0.F., in aid of the widow and children of the late Mr Donaldson. Several of tbe delegates present spoke very feelingly in reference to the matter, and it was ultimately decided to practically sup port the movement and recommend to the various societies the advisability of render ing their assistance. Tbe concert is to be held in tbe Mechnnics’ Institute on Tuesday, 2nd June, and as it is such a. deserving case it is hoped there will be a well filled bouse. We are informed by Reuter’s Telegram Company that with the introduction of the reduced cable rates to Europe, they have imugurated a uow branch of telegraphic business, and are now prepared, on payment of a small fined fee, to undertake the transfer by cable between the United Kingdom and tbe Australian colonies of any sums of money up to £l6O. By this means persona desirous, of Bending home money can do so with the 'knowledge that payment will be made on the other side within a few hours at most. With the complete and extensivo codes of Reuter's company, which arc placed at the disposal of remitters, the system seems likely to be largely availed of by the public. At a special meeting of tho Daylesford and Buninyoiig Fire Brigades, Captain Lynch, of Smytliesdnlc, was unanimously nominated for the position of fire brigades representative on the loco I committee, ci eated by the Fire Brigades Act. Tho first meeting of the Christ Church Children's Union took place last evening, in the schoolroom, and was a grand success. A committee of six girls and six boys waß first chosen from those present to work up en tertainments, assisted by the union school committee, after whioh the following games were successfully carried out, viz.—For the boys, bun races and live wheelbarrow races; and tbe girls had skipping tournaments, musical chairs, and other innocent amuse ments. The evening was wound up with oomic magic-lantern views, kiudly supplied and worked by the archdeacon, whioh highly amused the youngsters, and sent them all home at half past S delighted with their evening’s entertainment. A licensing court will sit in Ballarat on 2nd June to deal with transfers. During the hearing of truancy cases at the City Police Court it was stated that a very large number of children enrolled at the State schools were “ behind ” in their at tendance, in other words they had not been present in school the number of days stipu lated by the Education Act. It was men tioned on the other hand, how’ever, that tho attendances at the private schools were all that could be desired, and it was difficult to find an instance in which the provisions of the act were not being complied with. The anniversary of the Lydiard Street Wesleyan Sabbath School will bo celebrated to morrow. Rev. H. Howard, a minister who bears a high reputation ns a preacher, will officiate in the morning nnd evening, and Rev. S. Cuthbert, who is well known in our city, will preach in the afternoon at 3\. Oil Monday the usual demonstration will take place, tea on the tables at G o’clock; Mr J. A. Donne, the superintendent of tbe old school, will take the chair. Hon. J. Camp bell and Mr G. C. Robinson, dents, will also be present. A choir of 500 voices nideil by a pmverful orchestra, under the baton of Mr C. Eytes, will render selec tions of music during tbe evening. Mr Chuck, of the Queen studio, Sturt street, lias now on view two portraits of Mr Ju-tice Webb. These pictures, which are finished in oil nnd representing the judge in bis scarlet ami civil robes, are to be sent to Melbourne next week. One of the lateßt novelties from this establishment is an Argentic bronude, finished in monochrome, of a young lady in evening dress, reflecting great credit on Mr Chuck’s efforts in this latest discovery in photography. Mr Chuck lias been favored with sittings from the majority of tbe Supreme Court and County Court judges of Victoria, and tbe collection at tile studio is well worth inspection. Mr Justice Molesworth lias promised to sit to Mr Chuck when be next visits Ballarat. An entertainment was held lust evening at the Congregational schoolroom, Dawson street, in aid of tho Band of Hope Union. Mr Duustau, vice-president, occupied tho chair. A musical and elocutionary pro gramme was given by prize-winners in tho Band of Hope Union competition. In tbe several numbers all the members acquitted themselves well, and, judging by the ap plause, their efforts were greatly appreciated by the largo audience. Credit is due to the secretary ami those associated with him for the able manner in which the programme was carried out. At tho Sebastopol Police Court on Thurs day (before Mr Foster, P.M., and Messrs Leckie, Alexander, Williams, nnd Hughes, J’s.P.), Mining Inspector Stewart proceeded against John James, mining manager of the South Star mine, for not having had the rnpo at the mine tested, in accordance with the re quirements of the mining regulations. This proceeding was the outcome of an accident at the mine whereby John Ruudle lost his life. Mr James admitted not having had the rope tested, thus practically admitting the offence. Inspector Stewart, at the request of tho bench, gave evidence ns to the manner in which tho mine was managed, aud iu the course of which Mr Stewart described the defendant aB a very careful manager, and always appeared actuated by a desire to do bis utmost for tbe safety of the miners etn ployed uuiler him. The bench inflicted a fine, £2, and £3 3s costs, intimating that the penalty had been made nominal as the case was the first of tb« kind which had come before the court. The maximum fine for tho offence is £5O. It is stated that this is the first esse for not testing the rope that has been heard iu the colony. Our Buninyoiig correspondent writes: “ A confirmation service was held on Thursday evening iu Holy Trinity church, Buninyoiig, and was well attended. Tbe candidates, six males and ten females, en tered the church by the western door iu. procession, followed by the vicar and the bishop; tho vicar, the Rev. W. H. Geer, bearing the bishop’s pastoral staff, the choir singing ‘Onward Christian Soldiers.’ Mr A. C. Drury noted as marshal, and con ducted the candidates to their allotted seats near the chancel. After shortened oveu snng, partly choral, the bishop preached an earnest aud appropriate sermon from the text ‘ Then laid they their hands upon them and they received tho Holy Ghost.’ The Litany of the Holy Ghost was then sung, kneeling, after which the bishop, pastoral staff in hand, imparted to each candidate singly the apostolic rite of confirmation. I understand that tile bishop is to preaeli in Holy Trinity Church again next Sunday evening." The local Rechahite Tent (writes our Sebastopol correspondent) have with praise worthy consideration resolved to celebrate the silver anniversary of their lodge in a manlier that must commend itself to ull per sons who view with favor efforts for the re lief of the poor. The Sebastopol Women’s Prayer Union devote their attention to cases of distress brought under their notice, nnd by well directed succour endeavor to alle viate it, but tbe limited funds at their dis posal prevent them from dealing with the ; cases in the generous manner they desire, and the Rechabite lodge have decided to allow the proceeds of the anniversary cele bration to be donated to the former body to aid them in their philanthropic work. As announced by advertisement, Mrs Harrison Lee will conduct two services at the Pres byterian Church on Sunday, and the cele bration will be continued on Monday by a tea and public meeting. Mr Downer, C.R., and Mr Lewi-, secretary, have been work ing assiduously to make the gatherings suc cessful, nnd it is to be hoped that their most sanguine expectations will be exceeded. Avery sharp shock of 'earthquake was felt at Orrooroo (S.A.) on Thursday morn* ing, the direction being from north to south. A special meeting of the committee of management and subscribers of the Castle mtiine Hospital was convened for Thursday' afternoon for the purpose of taking eridenco regarding the alleged mismanagement of the hospital, as asseverated by Dr Woolley, mayor. Several members of the committee were present, but Dr Woolley was absent, although specially requested to attend, and no subscribers put in an appearance. The consensus of opinion is, it seems, that the subscribers retain confidence in the pro fessional and general management of the hospital. It is stated that the resident surgeon of the hospital, Dr Colin Henderson, intends taking action against Dr Woolley for what are alleged to be unfounded and malicious statements. Some months since Mr Speight decided to apply a test as to which town—Safe or Kiurnsdale—sent forward the greatest num ber of baskets of fish, so that he could decide where the ice car should run to. The rail way returns for the six months show that Sale was 26,339 baskets ahead of Bairnsdale, the numbers being—Sale, 33.554; Bairns dale, 7245 baskets. It isn’t all thieves who break through and steal who are such wags as those who bur gled Mr Francis’ chemist shop the other night. All they got for their trouble was some 16s in coppers, threepenny bits, aud stamps. Herein tbe burglars (writes tbe Melbourne correspondent of tbe Ararat Ad vertiser) perceived a grievance, Hiid one that should be aired in tbe most public fashion. As who conld say what would become of the poor burglar if there were no better reward fer the active exercise of bis profession. Accordingly, the next day, the following ’ note was forwarded, together with a bunch of keys, to Mr Francis: “ Sir, —Enclosed please find bunch of keys, the loss of which may occasion you some inconvenience. We regret to say that on our recent visit we could only find 16s in your till. Should this occur again we shall feel compelled to return with a cart and carry away a full load of bottles of scent, snaps, combs, brushes, Jtc.” And this written in a fine, bold, olerky hand. This, of course, is not the first instance in which burglars have left messages for the robbed; but as a rule they have been coarse, badly spelled scrawls, very different from Mr Francis’ Claude Duvnl-like letter. A large meeting of townspeople has been held in Nhili to consider the question of lighting the town and streets with electric light. Mr J. R. Fry oocupied the chair, and it was unanimously resolved . that an active canvass of the town be made by a sub committee, who are to report to a general meeting at an early date. The question was taken up very enthusiastically, and it was thought almost certain that a company will be floated within a very short time. 