PUBLIC MEETING AND CONCERT. At S o'clock a public meeting and concert were held in the Shire Hall, wjichl was crowded. The Rev. \W. ;. Hinidley, Mel bourne, and Rev. 1). Milne occupied seats on the platform. The Rev. C. H. Itarnes, the Incumbent, presided, and after calling upon the Rev. Mr. Hindley to open the meeting with prayer, explaimed the objects for which they had met together. It was not very often that the Yea Shire Hall was so well filled as it was that night, and he took it as a happy omen of what they were met to inaugurate. He sincerely thanked the ladies for what-might he say the manful way in which they had carried out the first part of the evening's entertainment, andt their efforts had been so well appreciated that he had no doubt they would soon be called upon to repeat it. (Appiause.) They all knew that the object of the gathering was to inaugurate a fund for a house or the Incumbent of St. Luke's Church. He wanted them to look upon it apart alto gether from the popularity or unpopularity of the individual who might happen for the time being to occupy the position of In cutmbent, and would like them to look upon it as a work done in old's service-the only way that they ought to look upou parish work. IHe had mnet with a good deal of sympathy, but sympathy without relief was like mnustard without beef. W\ell, then, first of all, they intended to put tip a house in the coming summer: they were quite deter mined uponthat. The cost would we about £3L0. They hoped to get £152 by direct subscriptions, and the balance on mortgage at a low rate of interest. That was not much for a large district like this to collect. The tea meeting would realise between £20 and £30, but it would be nearer £C0 than £20. A friend said to him the other day that he would give £5 by the end of the year if he could 'et 19 others to do the same. He mentioned it to a few friends, and eight of them immediately said they would do like. wise. Others would now have an oppor tunity of doing the same, and in view of the fact that to-day's rain had put pounds and pounds into many of their pockets, he knew their response would be generous. aMr. E. S. Purcell, who had always been a generous friend to the church, had started it, and the other promises came from Mrs. Booth, Messrs. Daley. HIalam, Burgess, Richard Underwood, Mrs. Barnes, and himself. So that there were only eleven others required to make uip the £100. After apoxogising for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Toomatht (owing to the illness of Mrs. Toomath), and Mr. Doody (owing to a family bereavement), the Chairman read the letter which the Rev. Alfred Stackhouse addressed to the Editor of the CtnosNcLE, stating that he was sure that independent testimony would bear more weight than anything he could say. At a later stage, short addresses were de livered by the Revs. W. . G. Hindley and D. lilne. Mr. Hlindley selected "Myths" for his subject, and adverting to the scepticism of the present day, which pronounced that God was a myth, that Jesus Christ was a myth, andl that the Holy Ghost was a myth, he went on to refer in a very humorous manner to a work, supposed to be written in the year 3,00S, showing conclusively that Earl Beaconsfield and Mr. Gladstone were also myths. lie then gave a graphic sketch of the wanderings of the people who came to these hills and valleys. and how they came to christen it by the name of Yea, treating the theory that it had been called after a Colonel Yea as another myth. But there was no myth about the present movement, for when the vestry propounded the question, " Sltd we build our minister a parounage?"-the emphatic answer came from the people of Yea, " Yea, verily we shall." All over the colony the churches. were beseigedbvith delt, and the Vestries had to seek the assistance of the ladies. With the help of the ladies of Yea, there would, lie felt sure, he little dillieulty in raising the ne:es~ary funds to build a suit able residence for their minister. The Rev. Mr. Milne said he did not come to wake a speech, ,but to show his sympathy with the olje:t they had in view. lie cn gratulated tile Rev. Mr. h1rnes on the success of his endeavors so far, and hoped he wouhld fe able to bring it to a successful issue. After instancing the case of the deacon of an American church, who lhnd always opposed the buihling of a suitable residence for a clergoyman, but who planhlked down 100lols. after living in the old slab house for it week, which acted like an electric spark on the others, the rev. gentle man went on to say: "tour minister is living in a house like that-a slab but, and I trust tlhat tile electric spark will go through you all -as it did throough that American congregation, and that your minister will soon have a fit house to live )Duriong an interval in the nmusical portion of the entertainment, lists were. taken round the hall by Messrs. Burgess atnd IHaslam, and other subscriptions were announced-- Mr. \t'adkin, £3; Ir. Clarles Davey, £5 3s.; and Mors. Charles Anderson, ii5. The Chairman announced that the total amount on the lists was £17 16s., £17 9s. 6d. of ewhich had been subscribed in the hall. The Choir, . assisted by several friends, including tMisa Hill, of Alexaledna, gave some very fine vocal and instrumental selections during tlhe eveing. The pro. gramme consisted of the following items : Antlhea, " What are These in White Robes," Choir: solo, "Tie To:ch of a Vanishedoaouod," Miss Ifill; duct, "Pul:aski's Btanner," Mr. and Mrs. Hlaslam; solo, " Listening Angels," Miss Shimmin ; selec tio, "Euroclydot," Choir: pianoforte duct, Mrs. Ienodersot and :Miss Elsa Daley : solo, "SSweetly Sleep," .liss Johnston, and enrore, "He Wipes the Tear from Every Eye ;" solo, " Bay of Biscay," Mr. Wild, and encore, "I Fear No Foe;" solo, " Hark, 'tis the Angelus," Miss Shiommio, who, for an encore, gave the last verse ; solo. " David before Saul," Rev. C. H. Ilarnes; solo, "Old aod New," 31iss Hill, anl for an encore, the last verse; selection, "Nature's Lullaby," Choir; finale, "God Save the Queen." The Rev. Mr. Hindley proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the choir and the ladies and gentlemen whoo had given their services that evening, and. particularly to SMrs. Ilentdeosn, who had worked so hard and played tall the accompaniments so very well. He woold not go so fr as to, s.av that there were not such godl voices in Meliournte. but he woldd say that he would like to take a few of those voices with him to Melbourne. The vote being passed by accltoeattiou, an adjouumitent for supper was lsmade to the Telnperance HIall. 