. • __. _ _ , THE FIRST DEATH. 1 :— j (feom the feekch.) I La Fsriede was a little village of four or J five hundred inhabitants between Amiens and J Abbeville. Sad in autumn, gay in spring | time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide I load, its houses low, with roofs black and 1 pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows and I crowned bv a forest of oaks, it was a counter-1 part of all the other villages of Ficardy. Yes, I Itwas a counterpart, even to-the coquettish J chateau, its wnl&oi; red brick, its. windowcasings Of whitestone, that is always part and j parcel iof a Rcardian landscape, and as it 1 stands a thousand metres, more or ien, from I the outskirts of thoee tiny provincial hamlets. 1 Ła^ariede. at łłie momfent this story open*, 1 was in a hubbub of excitement, fora cemetery, J their owp individual burying-gronnd^ - bad I been achieved at last. The municipal council, | which had eo long hoarded the -funds drawn I from the ratepayer* for the purpose, had 1 finally seen fitto purchase an ancient field, J to info it in, and to consecrate it to the well-1 merited repose of the people of the counby; i " and on and after the 1st November, 18—," I so the announcement read, "the cemetery 1 now definitely «ndosed would be ready for the I reception of its guests." j Naturally enough, everyone gossijpped and j jested with his neighbour on the subject of the I "elect" who would point out the road to his | compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a 1 positive riot when simultaneously with the con- | elusion of the ceremonies that made of the I ancient field a "Gottsaker/'handUns appeared I on all the walls, including the Main's, to the ] following effect: I " Whereas, being sound erf mind and sound j of body, I hereby declare that in order to soothe | end sweeten the last moments of łom or of her I who win be the first to inaugurate the new I aemetery, I have placed in the hands of the | Maire of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand j francs, to be delivered to the family of the first J inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps I better world, on and after this the day of I łening, November 1,18—," j '" In witness whereof, signed and sealed by I myself, I " j££N iSlTCimETJX." I In other words, the proprietor of the chateau I already described, formerly a Bohemian of the j arteOem of the Boulevard CImcby, and en- I riched by the decease of an aunt whe, at the ( final moment, had consented to accord him her J forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, ] and -to leave him the inheritor of s goodly estate.' In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at fames, as in the matter of his handbill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and | in the twinkling of as eye the news was all over the village. Groups of people congregated ^ottL'more i n ^ ^ r e n t o ^ l Maire to ask for confirm ftia on of the same. ! The fact is exactly as Riven,*' he responded* mptly; " thsre is aa mistake about it. Hie money is in my hands, and will so remain,' C^The announcement thus officially vouched for, I everyone joyously returned to his home to 1 i^Sat JcStiie ^Icnlation of his chances-to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to h^indtoestimate their average Itgoes withontsayingthat those of tt?lnh4- I bitoto fortunate SoSgh to have rick or very aged ralatives were filled with triumph, though, J of oonne, they trinmphed secretly and ia silence, whilst the others—those whose families | were sound and healthy—were forced to com- I fort themselves with the forlorn hope of anacri-1 dent, an -unexpected eeizure, or insidious 1 draughts of air. " | "Such-and-such a one's taking-off," they j recalled, "hadbeen extremely sudden; So-and-1 Bo'etxifixng illnesa fatal; unlooked-for deaths I were always occurring," and those thousand j pifttnTpwditnwid«. «nr.luind in their I dreams even when they fell adeep. { As for the Maire, poor man, life had become j a burden to him because of the hourly; depttta- j tipns and avalanche of queries to which he was J forced to listen.' | "Most they be of the village ?" they besought j him anxiously, "or was it sufficient to be a J member of the parish ? Did children count, or 1 relatives by marriage, or those whom death I might take by violenoe P"—queries that plainly j betrayed the villagers' angnish of mind and j hugely amused the donator. 1 It is not every day, as you know, that people I give up the ghost in villages, and a whole week I passed by after the opening of the cemeteyj without an event cf the kind occurring. Still J the brains of the people continued to be over-1 excited, and every one, from baker to batcher, j from curate to husbandman, laid off work from I time to time to measure with his eye, or calcu- J late mentally, the additional goods or fanning I ground purchasable with the money—only the j cafes were burner than ever. ] By the tod of the week (he story of the hand- j bills had become an old one, but by no means a ] less absorbing one, though the villagers no I longer lowered their eyes or voices when dis- j cussing the matter, and openly footed np the j chances. The family of a certain La Foireaux I by common consent had settled it that they | were to be the fortunate inhf-ritors, for had I they not among them, this family Ła Foireaux, ] an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of] habit done—a wheezy, yellow, dried-np old 1 mummy, whom twice a day they carried to the door to bask, in the sunshine, and whose demise ] had long been expected. "But sometimes these aeed ones live tor ever,'! objected a malicious listener," and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for ox months past" ' "AH the same," added another, "it is the family Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye upon." ' ] Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire I that had seized upon all in the race for this ] money,La Farlede possessed no assassin. It] was true that the uliiig and very aged had I become a centre of interest to everyone in the] family.for they would be able, if aooommo-1 dating, to leave bdiind them a snug little sum, 1 vet bo one dreamed of accelerating their ] departure. I " In the households of the Iess-happfly placed I tte interert wis equaUy ooughTZSwured SeaHungtoigmg the ear S ^ T l h e ^ i i ^ t o S I ^ ^ I ^ „ad! difficult breathings were harbingeraof inflamibatiohoTSIu^s, ijind infiamnaHoh of the j lopgs, as vev^OTOmew, took its victim | "" If another oriehad axed face or an „ _. . . __ andadiBd who~hadbeen an invalid from birth, and began to recover from the momen^ of the proclamation, .was cut off with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The entire village at the expiration of this j same week waTpale and emaciated.. Even 1 those who hid sooffed the Joudest at thia. waiting for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquilly: drunkards drank twice aslnuch aa theyhaddmnk before; the avaricious cursed in secret; while the rick, on the contrary, the only ones who objeded to this fashion of ringing tbe beD, seemed to.Tie with each other ui the hasteof their recovery. • however,» bdl, or rothera kneill, did rag outj 1 ^rfe feBlngoveresdiSaierL th^ darimess. I ff ^ ^ S T ^ e ^ a b T t h e n S l ^ CsrfTafe Starch totSnTwho toil,™ SsTarrivea there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual), full' as a thrush, xnore dazedthan ever from brooding npon the promises of the placard, and thinking olBotłuiig butdeath, liad rung without reason. "Trulyit was time this:.business Aould end, or they wtmldall fce as mad as the beadle. jUu 'well, there lived->t this time in La ^^th^AM. nothing hadevormJoeeded! -TOtnuoh scsrbelv nast'-liis fortiBth -rear, "he 1 „ .... idf- arfsm%inft>eountxT wmiiiganui Bon a sense of and .fańare, writhed in J secret, The placard of the pńih" 1 Bitumineux had made upon him, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Kay, more than that, it had given him an idea. What if he should be the ona 1 to fA leave )j»V» ten fan thousand 1-kittMnA francs fninm to tn his łif« 'wretched 'WrafailiMl family ? Itwouldlift them above want for ver; they would be able with the money to purchase at AbberiUe, perhape, a haberdashery —perhaps a mace pretentions shop. His wife was intelligent, industrious—she would, surdy prosper atthe business. He saw them already, these deprived ones, Becure of the necessities he had been unable to give them, the boy later on employed in a bulk, the girl married to a commisfifure. That evening be embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mormuring as he watched them laid upon their scanty straw, " I will doit—I must do it; it is my duty.' The idea that had come to him with the reading of the placard, and born of misery and shame,was suicide. For him itwas the rehab3itatiop of alt his disastrous enterprises, the atonement for the sorrow that he brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from thsse beings so tenderly loved, whose welfare and happiness he could secure at last, but secure only by .one means ! He went out to walk for a while in the em browned fields, the yellowed forest, but the rustling of the dead leaves that his foot pushed asids sounded to him like the rustling of a. shroud; eobe burst from his anguished breast 1« he regarded the w i d e t h e valley foil of shadows, and the little -village that held hisalL „ , ftor a long time be hesitated. Periiape chance would deliver him—perhaps it would notbeneoessary to take his life in rader that they might live, that they, might have fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in tne county clipboard. Long ago he had assured himself by talking with a nraghbour, who had questioned Maire, that suicides would count in this unreal plaj. Of course he must kill himself—to wait longer wns to permit the chanoe that ae yet was hut to be grasped by another. He took Ins gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body—a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news—the crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in his faoe; While the town council itself waited upon M.Bitumineux to demand of him that the money should not be paid to the family of such a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thou sand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with the care of the widow and her children, " It was my fault," he told himself, deeply movedbythe tragedy—"my fault, and but for me the thing would never have happened." The Maire alone and the gendarmes, whom it had been neoessary to call unon before the body of the martyr could be laid in the ground, followed it to its last resting-place, ana that same dajr" the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beaide him passed to their last account. The memory of the suicide is still cursed throughout the whole of Ficardy, and upon his tomb one reads the inscription (cut there by a cunning but sacrilegious hand during the darknees of the night after file interment):— The ditch of the thief. 