IN THE PAPERS. Iv there is anything that we do admu-e about the fourth estate, to which we have in a frmg(\V kind of way tin; honour to belong, it is its glorious independence, its high moral tone, and the elastic manner in which it bouuees clean out of the reach of sordid considerations. The Chirllon Independent advertises its policy tbus:—"The policy of the Independent is first of all, us-its name implies, independence—absolute freedom both of thought and expression for all. More than that, it. is hardly necessary to say. All political measures or social movements, having for their object the advancement of our interests as a district, receive staunchest support. Abuses, political or social, are as speedily denounced. '1 ho development of all local resources is kept continually within view." Then follows a complete and elaborate list of charges for advertisements in those independent columns. DOOKT, or Charlton, or some place up in the districtoi whose geography we mustplead comparative if not complete ignorance, is shaken to its centre. It is nut that there is a fiuancial depression, nor that bellicose thunderclouds are gathering ill, nor that the two-million loan is not to lie floated, nor that the Government have declined to place a sum upon the estimates for a bridge from Uoorfc to Charlton, or from either of them to some other place. No.it is something even more serious, "tte gather that one of the local papers gave some offence to a member of one of the local churches, and the member s;ot up a boycott- to prevent his church giving Us weekly advertisement. Pile editor conies out. strong in print, and says that his piper " has perhaps not yet learned 'how not to know too much,' but it has truth on its side; and if it can survive the shock of the withdrawal of a one-and-threepence per week advertisement, it will doubtless be the gainer in the end. The liberty of the press is too dear a thing to the public to be sacrificed at the dictum ot such nneand-threepenny persons, let them be clad in broadcloth or moleskin." This is a nasty jar lor the church member, but it is ,111 awful lot of til under to rattle nut over a matter of fifteen pence a week. BY card advertised in the foil Fniry Omelic we learn tli.it J. <i. ivapfchiiie has commenced the practice <>i his profession in that district. There is a good medical sound about the word Naptiiine, although we confess not to have heard it before, that suggests ,1 chemical substance. We expect that a doctor with a name like that will soon become a medical man of substance. THE complaint of provincial papers is that their scope of usefulness is limited, chiefly because their issues are only read in their own particular districts. It is therefore pleasing to know that PUNCH ALMANAC FOR INK will be read in every town and hamlet " In Brightest Australia." It nil] be published on the loth December. A couNTiiY exchange, with rather a gruesome idea of what constitutes humour, concludes a report of the recent shooting affray at the Theatre Royal with the hilarious comment—" We. suppose after this incident when a man fires a revolver at another he will be said to be giving him Best." THE children of Keraug appear to be of a sportive turn of mind. According to the Keramj Times, they have started a new but dangerous way of amusing themselves. This is to set tire to the grass, and then enjoy the excitement of putting it out. This peculiarity of the children reminds lis strongly of the weakness of Mr. Davis, in " The Flying Scud," who said, " I used to write cheques upon the Band 0' Hingland, just for the pleasure of tearing 'em up again." A COOSTKY I-APEE has a scientific article headed "What Invention has done." It all depends npon the exact scientific meaning attached to the word invention. We have come across men in our time whose invention was simply extraordinary. They could invent dying children when tliey wanted to get away to the races. Others could invent tales of horrible distress, that would make the eyeballs start and each particular hair to stand on end like frills upon the petful quorcupine when they wanted to vorrow money We do not know what invention ]Jas done, and we don't know whom invention jjas not done. SOME of the transcribers of cablegrams are funny fellows. It there is a wrong way of reading the message they will take it. If there is not they will make a wrong way of their own. The failure (if the Anier call linn of Field and Lindley was cabled, and to give interest to it the message evidently contained the information t hat the Field was a son of the great Cyrus Field, who was at present ill. One great daily paper said that Field was ill at Cyprus ! As if Cyrus Field had over been to Cyprus even by the first transatlantic cable which he was instrumental in laying. FHOM an exchange;" A11 ordinary gas jet consumes as much oxygen as five people." We don't care to go into such ininuliir as the length of the time that the jet is burning or the people breathing, but we would like to ask what the gas meter consumes ? Householders, we pause for reply. Is it gas, oxygen or £• s. d. 'i TOLSTOI, says a contemporary, eats a raw onion 011 rising, and then breakfasts alone. Well, we do not see anything wonderful in this item. It is simply a case of cause and effect. '.TOLII coin, we are told by a scientific journal, loses 1 per cent, of its weight in 50 years. This is a statement at which many persons will feel inclined to cavil, especially those persons who find that gold quickly "malts," thaw-sand resolves itself into a thin creditor's due." Who ever kept gold coiu lor WJ years anyway ? Don'T forget— "IN BRIGHTEST AUSTRALIA," (PUNCH ALMANAC for Published Tuesday, loth December. Frice Sixpence. A NKW SOUTH WAI.UK country paper says: — " J£x-Colistablc Waters has gone to a better country.'' If this is a poetical way of saying that iix-Constable Waters is dead, we doubt— unless lie happened to have been something spiritually superior to the average policeman— whether the assumption is fully justified. MB. BUNT wanted to know in the House the other night whether the Attorney-General "meant to carry tliis Bill—the Licensing Arbitration Bill —by brute force." A11 odd phrase for Mr. Bent to make use of. A WRITER ill a rural exchange says of Mr. Deakin that " his hand is the hand of Aesan." r nd who the deuce is Aesan r We think an action for damages for defamation of character lies here. EATAKSWILL compliments in rival papers have not altogether perished from the earth since the •'Pickwick Papers" appeared. J11 .New South Wales the rival editors of papers in country tonus appear to be able to keep up the memory of Slurk and Pott. Jieee si./niun. " Vou can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, nor a gentleman out of a certain journalistic hog." We are waiting anxiously t« note tho rer«rt courteous from the certain journalistic hog. A l'Ai'Eii written by a certain Rev. E. 0. Hitrgin was read before the Broartt'ord Debating Society last week. It was entitled, " Ghosts, Their Origin, Growth and Decline," and stated among other things that ghost -seeing was "the effect of mental derangement under which the eye would record wrongly—as in the case of those suffering delirium tremens, Ac." We wish to ask. with all respect (and reverence), has the liev. E. G. Higgin ever had delirium tremens '< If not, what does he know about it r A vAiiAnnAPii ill the HroudJ'vnl Courier commences in this fashion — " Refreshments ! The very mention of the word makes everybody feel most uncomfortably dry." How like a country editor. 