HOW BUDDHISTS ENTERTAIN THEIR DEAD. A GHOSTLY GRAVEYARD DANCE WITNESSED IN A JAPANESE CEMETERY. A few nights ago a number of elderly and much-travelled gentlemen were grouped in a semicircle around the big fireplace of a down-town hotel swapping yarns and telling experiences. Among them was Dr. G. H. Colton Salter, who for many years was United States Consul in Japan and afterwards entered the Chinese Government service. When Dr. Salter's turn came to dive down into the recesses of his memory and produce an original story founded on personal experience, he gazed thoughtfully into the glowing embers in the grate, and after a short pause told the following tale. The many stories published during the past months about Indian ghost dances and the Messiah craze remind me of one of the most remarkable incidents I have ever witnessed during my long career in the Orient, and I am sure there are but few Americans or Europeans who have had the opportunity to see the sights of which I am going to tell. The native religion of the Japanese is, as you know, Buddhism, and there is no creed which is as full of superstition. Some of the ancient beliefs of the Buddhists are calculated to frighten the faithful and vividly portray the horrible punishment that awaits the sinful man after he closes his earthly career, while others, with charming simplicity, show that the greatest aim of the Hindu religion is the release from existence. The doctrine of the transmigration of souls and a hope for a better late in a future life are the principal foundations upon which Buddhism rests. Nagasaki, where I resided for many years, was famed for the splendid festivals in honour of Buddha, or Gautama, the founder of the religion. Owing to the work of missionaries, and the consequent spread of Christianity in Japan, many of those religious fetes are no longer publicly observed, and the one of which I am about to speak had the last grand celebration in 1886, just before I left Nagasaki. It is called the Matsidri, and was held during the last week in August or the first week in September, continuing four days. These days were set aside for the reception of the spirits of the dead, who according to a legendary belief return once every year to their old homes. For many days previous to the festival preparations had been in progress. The houses of the believers had all been carefully swept, cleaned, and polished, and the home altars, which are to be found in every native house, had been redecorated and refurnished. The interior of all the buildings had been profusely adorned with flowers, the streets had been repaired, and the whole city was clothed in holiday attire. On the morning of the first day the dead were received with much ceremony in the graveyard, Which is in a beautiful grove. Each round was profusely decorated with lighted lanterns and garlands of many coloured paper globes hung from tree to tree. Oii'tho top of every grave food of the daintiest kind was spread in a tempting manner, and quantities sufficient to appease the appetites of an army of the hungriest kind of ghosts. On mats spread about the graves sat all the living descendants of the person who had been buried in that particular spot. Not a single tomb was neglected. If in the course of years the family of any one of the silent sleepers had completely died out, his grave had been embellished and supplied by strangers. The spirits were supposed to arrive and depart by water from the sea, and for four days and nights the living communed with their dead and were with them in spirit. The souls of the departed were supposed to hover around the tombs like substantial visible things, and they were treated with every attention due to sacred and distinguished visitors from the other world. The night of the second day was devoted to a grand terpsichorean entertainment or spirit dance, and the graveyard was trans- formed for once into a ballroom, where ghostly dancers were supposed to hold revelry. The scenes made a strong and everlasting impression on me. The night was perfect, the moon was at its full and the air was fragrant with the perfumes of thousands of flowers. Myriads of lights were flickering on the hillsides which surround the city, and the coloured lanterns swayed gently to and fro, keeping time to the chimes of the silvery bells in the temple tower, which furnished the music for the mystic order tainment. Around an artificial lake in the centre of the graveyard the people knelt in silent devotion, worshipping on the shrine of Buddha, whose emblem, the lotus flower, rose from the middle of the lake. Every one of the four days and nights brought new surprises and ceremonies, many of the latter being held in the temple, the doors of which were closed and guarded against the entrance of infidels. On the last night the night of nights, as it was called -a grand procession finished the festival. The people parched in parade to escort their spirit visitors to the water front, where they were to depart. Boatmen carried on their shoulders a gigantic craft built of wood and straw, in which the dead were supposed to be seated and which was to convey them back to spirit land and to 'Ohata, the great father beyond the sea. This boat, which is called Fukuy, was a masterpiece of Japanese carpentry. It was 90ft. long, and had a stately mast with a huge sail, which bore in native characters the inscription, " Naidinamawidi," a word which is symbolic of Gautama greatness. This boat, artistically and richly decorated, was launched with much ceremony after the last spirit had been embraced and, figuratively speaking, had taken his seat on board. It was then pushed out into the sea, and drifting away was finally carried out of sight by the tide. And so ended the last festival of Matsidri ever hold publicly in Nagasaki and the most splendid rich gious celebration I ever witnessed San Francisco Chronicle. Professor Huxley has stated that the North Atlantic is richer both in the quantity and quality of its fish than any other portion of the waters of the globe and to this statement has been added the reminder that, of the entire North Atlantic yield, the North Sea is the richest, and that out of every four fish consumed in London three come from that sea. 