Gold-dust Darrell; OB oii The Wizard of the MLines. OCHAPTER XXXTII. A SHORT CIIAPTER DEVOTED TO AN ANOIENT SERVITOR. The individual who had overheard the conversation between Inez and Griffith which the former fondly imagined revealed a secret to her alone, was not one who has thus far figured very valiantly, or creditably, in the thread of our story. It was the ancient servitor. This worthy was not all slave. He had cunning and avarice, and, not withstanding the fearsome respect in which he held his mistress, he resolved to make some money on the strength of his knowledge of the identity of the Stranger with Griffith Craig. He would go to the great captain, La Muerte. He pressed on. He leaped the tor rent, and was more than half-way to the robber chieftain's tent. He was drawing his many-hued blanket more closely around him, and preparing his most grandiloquent phraseology for the ear of the redoubtable chieftain, when suddenly a hand reached out from behind a tree and clutched his throat. It was a very large hand-so large that its fingers seemed to touch the back of his neck. It was a very strong hand-so strong that speech, hearing, respiration, almost life itself, was stifled as by the iron collar of the garrote. The ancient servitor fumbled for his knife, but couldn't find it, and the next moment he was securely gagged by having a huge bunch of oakum crammed into his mouth. He was then granted breath by the removal of the strangling hand, whose owner came before him smiling blandly. It was Grizzly Dave, and, as well as he could under the circumstances, the, ancient servitor gave a ghastly grin at beholding the man who had once before administered to him a severe drubbing. Grizzly Dave tied up his victim's hands and feet, and then, throwing him over his shoulder, as though he were a bundle of faggots, instead of bones, started with him up a little hill to the right, as the place in which he had effected his capture was likely at any moment to be observed by some one of the robbers encamping in the canon. He reached a little knoll, surrounded by trees, where his master, Gold-Dust Darrell, was awaiting him, and where they were out of sight and hearing. ' Well done !' said Darrell, laugh ing, as Grizzly Dave laid his burden on the turf. 'As well as I could,' said Dave, looking down modestly upon the forlorn Mexican. 'But it was a very easy'job, I assure you. Well, what shall I do with him, now that I've got him, Gold-Dust ?' 'Let's set him up against a tree, as a sort of sign board,' said Gold-Dust. Obeying the instructions of Darrel, Grizzly now set the ancient servitor against a tree, and securely tied him ithere in an upright position. 'Now,' said Darrell, 'let's away. But little more can be done to-night. The birds of prey or the wolves that feed upon this greaser won't have very dainty eating.' CHAPTER XXXIII. S A 1ASSAGE OF BLOOD. The last chapter was a brief digres sion, or anticipation, the necessity of Swhich will transpire. i For the entrance of Gold Dust Dar rell, with his good man Grizzly, into the robbers' canon was marked with blood. When within about half-a-mile of the mouth of the gorge, Darrell halted, and waited till it was nearly dusk, and then went forward, Grizzly carrying the magic box. Darrell knew the construction of the canon perfectly, having visited it before very few white men had ever Sbeen in the vicinity. Six sentries stood at the first open ing, spreading out on either side to a considerable distance. When Gold- Dust and his assistant got within a short distance of the mouth of the gorge, whence they icould dimly discern the outlines of :.the first line of sentries, they paused i in the shadow of the trees, and Gold i Dust said : ' Grizzly, creep up ii the shadow of the rock to the first sentry. I will put my power on him. Should it not be sufficiently strong-sometimes it fails altogether -and he should at .tempt to resist, or make' an out cry, you must destroy him. Then pass on to the next. I will follow you closely. Above all, do not fire a shot. Go ahead! We must do every thing before the moon is up. I will carry the box.' Grizzly Dave leaped in the shadow of the wall, and crept cautiously along, as he was bid. The first sentry, as he was ap. preached, at this instant, began to feel numb and sleepy. Ho suddenly :lost consciousness altogether, and fell into the arms of Grizzly Dave, who sat him up against the rock, and then proceeded on his way. The next two sentries happened to r'be meeting, when the spell fell upon ithem at the same time, but in a different degree. Grizzly caught one of them, as he foll, and disposed of him against the 'r, ok; but the other, a brawny fel. lowv, who aIppeared to be very slightly affected, staggeredl forward, trying to cock his gun in a foolish sort of way. G(rizzly wound his powerful arm arund him, anid lifted his terrible kniie,. But at this instant he felt the litriagth ,f the sentry relax. The potont spell was working surely, The giant know how to spare blood, as well as shed it. He put up his knife, and as the form in his arms grew limp and motionless, he laid it away, as he had done the others. But a fearful struggle awaited him on the other side of the mouth of the gorge, from which the three remain ing sentries spread out fan-like. Darrell here endeavoured to'bring his mesmeric power to bear upon the three men at the same time, which, owing to their distance from each other, he was enabled only partially to accomplish.' No s'oner did Grizzly capture the first one-the one nearest to the mouth of the gorge-than the others came running up. Darrell was close at hand, but so weakened by the terrible strain his nervous system had undergone, that he was physically only half a man. Nevertheless, he managed to knock the guns out of their hands, and then drawing his knife, had to close with one of them, while Grizzly Dave, having disposed of the first of the three, seized the other. But, in his haste to assist Darrell, he had dropped his knife, and had to devote his main strength and skill to preventing his opponent-a man of extraordinary muscular power--from using his shooting irons. The man with whom the exhausted Darrell had closed was also a man of immense vigour, only partially under the spell; and, as Darrell clung to him like a cat, and rolled over and over with him, it became a contest of sheer magnetic power against brute force. But the will of the master was triumphant. The sentry had the Wizard of the Mines down, under his brawney knee, and held a cocked pistol at his head. But the eyes of the enchanter opened, and as the dazzled ruian dropped his weapon, and relaxed his grip, the dagger of the necromancer was buried in his breast, and he fell back a corpse. Just at this moment Grizzly Dave came up, having effectually throttled and disposed of his man. 'You carry the box, now, Dave,' said Darreall. 'Ihad better take the lead as we enter the pass.' Dave did as he was directed, and, after concealing the bodies of the dead men in the near timber, they cau tiously entered the narrow pass. The moon was beginning to glimmer down through the gully, and as they crept cautiously on in the shadow of the rocks they could see the first man on the next line of sentries walking steadily to and fro across the pass, with his rifle on his shoulder. As this man came near them, in the deep shadow, Darrell partially mesmerised him, and Grizzly Dave, springing behind him, disarmed him and choked his utterance in an in stant. Then, while Dave 'held the fellow upright, Darrell opened the magic box, and applying the wire of the galvanic battery, slowly electrified his subject. From his wonderful and occult knowledge of the science, he was enabled to do this, so as to chain the subject's tongue, and at the same time render the remainder of the body acutely active. The man was stricken dumb, and could see neither of his captors, as he had been seized and partially garroted from behind. His body began to tingle, as though the entire nervous system was laid bare. Then his hair, which was very long and bushy, began to bristle up and rise, till it threw off his hunting-cap. Then it stood straight up in a perpendicular shock, 'like quills upon the fretful porcupine,' giving him an extraordinary and ghastly appearance. During all this time the fire of the battery was per meating every fibre and vein. At a signal from Darrell, Grizzly Dave released the man, who, obedient to the will of the master, marched straight up the pass, presenting a spectacle in the moonlight more dire and horrible thah is written of the vampire and the ghoul. The first sentry who saw this ter rible apparition threw away his gun, and fled up the gorge with a howl of terror. The next one followed suit, and as the seeming demon passed on they could hear the rest of the sentries fleeing and yelling before him. 'Come, Dave, up with the box !' said Darrell; 'we are making excellent headway, and will get on now, Heaven willing, without the shedding of more blood.' Keeping still in the shadow, they ran quickly up the pass to within sight of the bridge that spanned the tor. rent, on both sides of which a con siderable number of the robbers were encamped, and here they made a pause in a deep cranny of the rock. The camps about the bridge were also thrown in great confusion by the spectre, but the excitement speedily subsided--probably, as Darrell sur mised, from the man who was causing all the commotion falling in a faint. From their position they could see a fresh guard being hurried down the pass to take the places of those who had left their posts. The robbers on the loft of the tor rent (the position occupied by Darrell and Dave) were much fewer than those on the other side; and presently these heard What seemed to be sounds of conviviality and good cheer going on among their more numerous fol lows. The robbers on the left of the bridge pricked lup their ears. 'They've got some liquor ovp~er there, Joo,' said one. 'Yes,' said another, ' and I'm going to have a pull at it.' 'It's agin the captain's orders to cross tile strean,' sai anotheor. J3ut, by thunder, it's maddeping Listen to them corks, and what a good time they're having !' Here's nine of us,' suggested another. 'Suppose five of us go over the bridge, and make them fork over a few bottles to bring back with us!' Then a quarrel arose as to which should constitute the party of five to cross the bridge. It was finally settled, however; and Darrell and Dave saw five of them cross the bridge to the opposite camp. ' Of course, the sounds of convivality had been the result of Gold-Dust's powers of ventriloquism; and as the cheat would be discovered in a few minutes no time was to be lost. Gold-Dust threw forth his whole mesmeric force upon the re maining four, and he and his assistant advanced boldly toward them. Two of the robbers yielded to the spell instantly, and fell to the ground, but the remaining two staggered to their feet, and managed to give utterance to feeble cries of alarm. Their guns had fallen from their hands, and Grizzly Dave grasped their throats with either hand. When he laid them upon the earth they were lifeless. 'Quick, Dave! the box-and fol low me,' whispered Darrell. They were now fairly within the canon, and managed to gain the thickets of firs that skirted the rocky wall. They had no sooner done so than they heard a great noise in the camp, by which they knew that the robbers had discovered the ruse. But they cared little for this now. 'They'll be so scared at what has happened that they will not dare tell their chief,' snid Darrell. ' And now let us hasten up behind La Muerte's tent to the upper torrent, Dave, for I see our friend Griffith is in danger.' As they passed behind the tent of La Muerte, still keeping in the shadow of the fire, Darrell paused. " He sleeps !' he muttered to himself. 'Even such an incarnation of guilt, it seems, can slumber! But in a little while I shall pursue him even in his dreams.' He started. 'Come, Dave,' said he, 'there is more work for you to do.' They halted in the little tree-girt knoll, and then the capture of the ancient servitor was effected, as has been described. CHAPTER XXXIV. TIE DREAM-WTALKS OF A CONSCIENCE. The shadows of the same eventful night still deepened over the canon of the brigands, and Captain La Muerte had at last found temporary relief in slumber. He was suddenly awakened by a swift shock, as of some one striking a little hammer against his heart. He partially raised himself from the couch of skins and blankets upon which he was lying, and then remained leaning uponhis elbow, ap palled. He could see nothing-the moon light streamed through the open door of the tent, which, toall other eyes, would have appeared entirely vacant, except for the presence of the robber chieftain him self. But La Muerte felt the dead presence of the power which was the countercheck of his purpose and his life. No form was visible; only the aspect of two burning eyes, midway up where the shadows lay, and glaring down upon him with an intensity of reprobation and scorn which appeared to scorch its way into his very soul. Beside the eyes, and high above them, drooped the outline of a mighty hand, with fingers bent, like those of an eagle's talons, about to clutch him up. The robber chieftain groaned aloud. He strove to move, but his limbs were paralyzed. He tried to yell for help, but his tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. A horrible weight seemed pressing upon his heart and brain, and yet every nerve, every sensibility, was painfully and acutely awake. 'Oh, man of guilt!' murmured a muffled, far-away voice, and the talon like hand waved slowly to and fro as it spoke. 'Have you forgotten the words of fate that were written: "It is the wiUll of God that some should reach that extremity of sin whose only meed is eternal fire! Your hour was not yet come.' Nor has it now; but you are already tasting upon earth wretchedness whose very essence is to be your future punish ment. Every hour of the day your mind and bosom are racked by tor turing fears; but heretofore you have been granted the temporary oblivion of sleep. Now, even that shall be denied you, and in the trance vistas of slumber, you shall tread and re-tread the pandemonium of the past. Ay ! still plunge in blood and sin. Every succeeding moment shall multiply your torture! To rest now, and to dream!' The giant hand drooped over him, the eyes of fire bent nearer and nearer, and the robber sank back with a groan. His eyes were closed, but, in spirit, he lived and acted more vividly than he had ever done in real life; and ever by his side there moved a ghostly guide, who persisted in whispering in his ear, and explaining to him what he only know too well. It was a lively, dapper sort of ghost, too, who frequently spoke in cheery, easy tones. (To Ibe contintued.) 