EKIDAY, JUNE 12, 1891. John Duell, farmer. Glenburnie, held a meeting of his creditors, at Mount Gam bier on Monday last. The statement sub mitted showed liabilities £2,000 and assets about £1,300. A composition of 2s. 6d. in the pound cash was accepted; ' The Governor's -transpontinehtal trip from Port Darwin cost £841, and the Government intend' to pay it. 5 Two^young lads at Millicent? named Xbate^andSfeewes being mounted-oweHW" horsd Iwiere thrown^ tone .hiving 'hie arm broken ..and the other his shoulder difc. located. ,.. f * JLt Mount. Gamhier on Monday night last Frederick Bosch, carpenter, 63 years of age, fell down dead from heart disease - in his house while talking to a friend. He leaves a widow and family. On Tuesday morning last William Willis, aged about 50 years, employed as cook at Coola Station, near Mount Gam bier, was found dead in bed. Willis was well- known in the District of Nanacoorte,. having been cook off and on for a number of years on various stations. Some three years ago Willis suffered from hydatids,and a very successful operation was performed upon Him by Dr. Gunning. No doubt the disease re-appeared, and possibly one of the hydatids cists may have-burst and interfered with the action of the heart. . Disgoveey oe a Valuable Silver Field ini New Zealand.—Mr. James Wilson, who has been engaged farming near Lucindale for some years, informs us that his son, Mr. William Wilson, has struck a very good thing in the shape~of a silver held at a -place called Pntripuiri in New Zealand. Ha has handed iri a letter he has just received from his son, one of the original prospectors, to whose courage and determination New Zealand Owes this field, from which we quote :—" The silver can be seen sticking out in beads as big as peas down to pin heads in the stone when it comes out of the kilns. Some of the tests from this reef (the No. 3 reef in the prospectors' claim, which 8 ft. wide in some places), assa^o , over 2,000 oas. per ton. We are just breaking it down out of the drive, and burning it as it comes; the dirt giving us over w ozs. per ion, vaiuea ai over 5s per ton. There are over 40 reefs on j our ' claims, but -we have only worked one as yet. The No. 3-Reef has been traced a distance of two miles, and. can be traced through a number of "otter claims." iMr. Wilson, who is a native' df South Australia, having been born at Xiucindale, has evidently struck a good thing, and his father having sold his selec tion has left to join his son in IJfew Zea land. All his friends at Lucindale and Penola (where be lived, for some time]) wish the family every luck in their hew ; home.. - • ' Narracoorte Market.—On Thursday. ; next, Bagot, Shakes and Lewis,! Limited, i will offer-for sale -by public auction at : Narracoorte, 8,700 sheep, 240 cattle, and i 20 head mixed horses. * : '*■"v~ Propessoh Bocsmard's Entertain-* ment.—Professor BpiiSihard, as announced' in our last issue,. gave .an entertainment, in Bie Institute Hall on Wednesday even ing. Unfortunately,the night was extremely wet, and the attendance was not so- large ! as might have been fairly anticipated if ! the weather had been more agreeable. I As it was there was a very fair attend ance, and the Professor's clever perform ances were received with evident satisfac tion by the audience, applause being frequent and hearty. Professor Bous mard is a "conjuror, and lie "did all his sleight of hand tricks quietly and neatly, showing that he is a consummate master of his art; and if the people of Narra coorte had known there was such a treat in store for them we feel certain, not withstanding the inclemency i; of the weather, (there would have been -a crowded house. Professor Bousmard is a comparative stranger in the colony, having only , arrived a few weeks ago from the Gape Colony, where he. had phenomenal success; .but we feel, certain" gs;:bis. entertainment becomes more widely known he cannot fail td attract large audiences of people who ire fond of a couple of haute' quiet enjoyment. The Professor had several specialities,one of the most surpris ing of which was that in which he mixed the usual ingredients of an omelette, two rings borrowed from someone in.. the audience being thrown in as flavoring— and placed them in a frying pan which he brought into the body of the hall so that the spectators might closely watch the cooking process. Having ;> lit the necessary Are a little manipulation mysteriously transformed the appetizing omelette into a! live kitten with the i rings tied round its neck. In another feat an ordinary felt hat was borrowed from one of the -audience. From this hat yards of ribbon' were drawn, followedv by two fifty-pound cannon balls, and ladies' work-boxes .of various designs and sizes, , a couplfe of dozen drinking caps and a large doll..] Lollies were manufactured lout of nothing, and so quickly as to make j the juveniles* mouths water and ready money was passed into the closed hand of one of the audience in such a wjay as t6 mystify the most cute of the audience. We have not space to record th&msbJC; wonderful tricks the Professor did. " The entertainment closed with "the great, ghost illusion _ and disembodied: spirit: dance," in which the hall havjng been - darkened a. ghost-like figure cut ludicrous antics, the legs subsequently becoming detached from the body, and finally, the head having parted from it also, a ■ triangular dance resulted, the whole being most amusing, and the exhiliaratiug laugh it caused was well worth the admission money. Professor Bousmard.is also a very good pianist. .Bain at Last.—We had a welcome fall j of rain on Tuesday and Wednesday. The ! quantity registered -by the Narracoorte j •Post-office guage at 9 a.m on Wednesday ] was 190 points, and 300 points at 9. a.m.: on Thursday morning; in all about half an inch. . There were a few heavy showers.) Heaths.—We regret to have to record Hie death of several well-known residents, Mrs. McKay, a very old resident of Nar racoorte, died on Wednesday. The -de ceased, who had been in feeble health fo* some time was highly respected, and much sympathy is felt for the family in their sad bereavemeht. Mr. Gr. H.; Mauton, father of Mr. H. Manton, baker, of Narracoorte, died on Tuesday at the ripe age of 82, having been a colonist for over 50 years. Mr. Gleadah, an old Kingston resident, died in the Narracoorte Hospital on Wednesday, the immediate cause of death being broncho-pneumonia. Yates' celebrated reliable seeds and Lloyd's Horsefood for keeping horses in first-class condition ban be oUtaiued froiii Foliar ton. & Rlackweii/ Universal Pro riders.—jADYi.J ' 