MANOORA COURSING CLUB. FOURTH DAY. The morning shone bright, and beautiful drives brought those Having dogs running in the Martindale Drawn Stakes, a special provision made by the energetic committee of the club to satisfy the eager desire of so many nominators with dogs drawn out ol the limited stakes of 32 and 43 of the previous days, i he latter having the largest nomination (55) of any stake yet ran in the colony. Out of 33 drawn, 25 con sented to the special stake, but McWhirter's Water side, Fahay's Chemist, and Orchard's O.V.G. were drawn ; and Wilkinson's Masbcr, Draper's Belle, and . Haskell's Benuit were absentees, so that the merits of onlylSdoes were tried. About 10U spectators, including the most enthusiastic, followed the game from the wool sbede.and ha veeverj-reason to be gratified ior remain ing over the fourth day.and being than kfol to tie hares that were exceedingly numerous and all strong goers without an exception, having witnessed splendid trials^and all seemed satisfied the best dogs won. The disqualification of Thalma when slipped with Bex, out of the same litter as the two winners yesterday, for cunning was unanimously considered correct, for in her two bye courses she snowed wonderful cateness, like hercompanions, Gipsy Qneenbnd Young Electric Twenty- three courses were run before the round to ranch could be reached, and the company were detained to permit of the final being decided ere the starting- point was reached, which must be deemed satisfactory, but not a trifle severe on the contesting dogs, which at the finish were fairly run out. Finishing carl}* in theaftemoon, we assembled at the woolsheds and partook of what refreshments were available, and Mr. C. Pearce in a most hearty manner thanked the two best sportsmen, Messrs. E. Bowman and Mortlock, for the use of their grounds and their valuable assistance in working so very large a meeting to so eminently asuccessful conclusion, which was re ceived with cheers. The judge, Mr. Hall, who bad an extremely difficult task, fulfilled his duties creditably, and considering over 100 decisions were given there cannot be otherwise than a few disappointed ones; and the slipper, Mr.'Campbell, is improving, and worthily did alotof work for the meeting. For the first lame the club had the services of two mounted constables, Messrs. Jameson and Schmidt, and thoroughly appre ciated the assistance of these esteemed officers lor their judicious efforts when requested. The dub is profiting by experience, and with the use of so fine a property will continue to provide a good time every year for so popular a sport. maettsdale dbawn stakes. Entering a fine large paddock, most suitable for the purpose, we had proceeded no dis tance when Marleys Ghost and Eintore were set agoing, the former getting away badly, letting Kintore plenty of play tiS the ghcsUy one cut in with a few exchanges, and killed too quickly to secure a verdict from hisdarker rival. Hark tapley and Gertie werej not long to be held, for a fair sprinter was started, only allowing the former to do a little work, and giving both a lojjl' chase, with Gertie in the front, and unable to do anything to win. Waterside drawn and Dreadnought ran a bye with Saxon whose rival, Slasher, did not appear. * Python and Mignonette were next tried, the former showing well in the front, but fell, allowing Mignonette her oppor tunity till the former came again and met another cropper, giving the Ultle slut most to do in a tremen dous grueller. Vida and Hemlock ran a bye to gether. Chemist and Belle not being about. Cripple and Hex ran another bye, O.V.G. being drawn. Hypatia beat Glen all the way after a stiff go. Vi bimbral put down BlueHght from a bad slip over a swinging course, and field ManJiall conquered Hard lielle, the former doing the best work, although the latter showed plenty of dash, but worked widely. Tliahua, a bye, had to be put in the slips a third time to run, having difficulty in sighting game. First Ties.—Kintore led up and did most early work. Then a give-and-take chase ensued for a long while in view and for a considerable time out of sight. They returned to view with the black in front, but Mark Tapley killed and won the longest gruellins; of the whole meeting. Mignonette kept the adv ant≥ from Dreadnought, going out of sight, the former getting the nag. The ground w^as now infested with hares, and, tte company being more select, it was aii easy task putting in each brace and disuniting uiiss puss from her comforts, nearly all making for the hills, which were very stony on top, but none of thd dogs suffered severely, although the runs were exhausters. Vida .showed prominently from the slips, and dis a|>}ieariiig with the judec won from Saxon. Fully a dozen bares paraded a'.vay at this time. Sufficient were left to start Cripple and Hemlock away, the latter doing the early work, but Uie course lasted a long time around the bill, and Cripple was at work afUr the flag had gone against him. Hypatia showed Whinibrel a. clean pair of heels, working out of sight, but the latter hove in view first, but only on sufferance, and on the death of a good hare the former had won easily. Field xt?r«h?n allowed Bex to have first cut in and lost thereby, Thnlnm getting her natural bye over same course as set era! previous. Second Tics.—Mark Tapley won all the way from Mignonette till hare escaped in hole, both afterwards haung another go in and killing. Hemlock led Vida up, but was never about afterwards. Thalma was slipped with liex, but ran so dreadfully cunning was disqualified. Hypatia a bye. Third Ties.—Mark Tapley failed in following the game properly, and Vida's flag went up in conse quence, llypatia led upand worked, but losing stride crossing the creek let Bex in with several wrenches, when the former took command, and Bex falling at fence was beaten when the game reached the wattles. Kow 2 o'clock, llypatia and Vida were not recovered, and a halt was made three-quarters of a mile from the sheds. Getting to the paddock at the gates, which was alive with hares, the dogs showed little energy in going for their game, and an undecided was the con sequence. Put in again with similar result, but only one wag taken up when Hypatia put up the decider, and both getting quickly together at a fallen tree, Hypatia won all the way and terminated the most successful meeting of the season. 