j THE WEDDIHG RING. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. A TALE OF TO-DAY, BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. AUTHOR OF "THE SHADOW OF THE SWORD," : "GOD AND THE MAN," "STORMY WATERS)" &C.; And what's to mo a ring o' gold lbat proves tho written law? ' A ring of aim's around mv heart rht undlv. breaks In twa I OLD BALLAD. - CHAPTER VTIL —Continued. "Well, we got to Jackson's Gulch, and it was there we met Mordaunt. That was the name he gave himself, though most likely it wasn't his own. He Was a gentleman, born and bred, and a schol r, and I took it as a good deal of honor as lie should have took to me directly a'most as he saw me. Jess liked him, I could, see, and I was glad to see her make a friend, for the place was full of rough people as she didn't care to mix with, I was away at work all day long,' and I thought no harm even when I knew as he was always with her. I'd have trusted her across the world, after the nine years we'd lived together, and him with her, for I believed he was my friend, and was proud to be in his company. He never did any work, and always seemed to have plenty of money, somehow. Everybody liked him, and gave way to him, he was a sort of king among them rough chaps, and every woman- in the camp was after him. There was nothing as he couldn't do. He could talk to the Frenchmen and the' Germans in their own lingo, and he could play the fiddle better than any other chap in the place, and he could draw people's pictures so as they seemed to speak to you out of the paper a'most. He did a picture of Jess, as used to hang in the cabin at the Gulch. I burned it after- after that happened, for I couldn't stand seeing the eyes follow me about. I .found out afterwards as there'd been a lot of talk in. the camp abont- her and Mordaunt being so muoh' together, but nobody said anything to me at the time. P'raps that was lucky for 'em, for I was so mad about the wench, and so -took .up, with- Mordaunt, that as likely as not I should have'' stuck a knife into 'em for their pains. "Well, the end came at last. I went home one night, and the cabin was empty. I waited till 1' o'clock in the morning, and then I went to the bar, beginning to be afeard as something might have happened,, and I thought I might get news of her there. Nobody- had seen her. Then I asked where Mordaunt was, and the man as kept the bar said ' he'd ' borrowed .'a : horse i from him and rode out that morning, and hadn't come back yet. I went | back to the cabin, and waited all night. No news came, and no news all- next day. I was well nigh mad with fright, and I went to the chief of the Vigilance Committee, and asked hiip to give me a search party to look for her. 'It's no use, my lad,' lie said, ' they've got six-and-thirty hours start of us, and God knows where they aro by now. 'They!' I said. 'What d'ye mean ?' And he told me, she'd been seen with Mordaunt, 30 miles away, at 6 o'clock the day before. He paused in his story, panting a little with the exertion of so much speech. Barbara sat waiting, with clasped hands and tear-stained cheeks, for him to -continue. Outside, the pleasant homely sounds of farm life came floating up to the window of the room on. the still June air, the clamp ing of the horses in the stalls below, tho cluck of poultry, the rattle of the big mastiff's chain as he snapped at the flies, the call of a waggoner to his hoi'ses fifty yards away on tho ltigh- , road, the distant clatter of a sheep bell, the drowsy music of the trees. Presently Jack's voice rose again, monotonous and hollow, like a ghost's. " I -was that amazeil I couldn't think for an hour or two. Then I went to the claim where my partner was work ing. I didn't need' to tell him what had happened. ' He knew already, and he saw it in my face as I knew too. I asked him to buy ray share and he took it, and ;paid for it more than it .was worth, I remembered afterwards, though I didn't notice at the time. He offered tocome along with me, but! said I didn't want hint. It was my work, and 1 mean to go through with it alone. I meant . to find 'em and to kill 'em both, and what was to happen afterwai'ds.I. didn't know, and I didn't care. I hunted 'em for a long time nearly all across America, getting .word of 'em here and there, but never coming up with- them, till ab last I got to New York. They had been there together, and Mordaunt had sailed to England a day or two before, alone. I went all over the city looking for Jess, and at last I found her. She was in the hospital, for she'd been fever sf.mftlr , !ivirl lmVl fftfil? nf i f to run away and leave Iter to die or to starve, or to go upon the streets. I'd meant to kill her, even when I heard she was in the hospital. I went there with murder in my heart, and my knife was open in my pocket when the doctor took- me to her bed. But, oh, lass, when I" saw her poor white face, witli the mark of death on it, plain for a child to read, my heart broke, and I fell ! crying by the bedside. For I loved her in spite of all." Barbara took his hand and kissed it, and wept upon it in a helpless passion of pity. " She died," J alee continued." Thank -God, she died in my arms, and knew as I'd . forgiven her. I was rav ing mad for days after, and knew nothing as happened. When my brain cleared, I was standing by her grave, and there, with the rain beating down on me. like my own heart's blood, I swore to find the man as had done it all — as had killed her and ruined my life." " And did you find him ?" asked Barbara, involuntarily shrinking from the bed, though she still clung to Jake's hand. " No." said Jake, " or I wouldn't be raving here like an old hen- wife as has lost half a dozen chickens. If I'd found him I'd be quiet, lying in the grave with J ess. That's \v hat's brought me here. That's what's kept me alive through the fever, and the trouble, and the hunger. It s fed my mouth like bread, the thought of meeting him face to face. It's all I ask of God Almighty, just to let me stand before tbat man for one minute." The simple peasant woman had never seen passion like to this.,.. It frightened her to silence. Then she began to stammer religious common places about the wiokedness of re venge. Jake lay staring . at the ceiling, and made no answer ; it was,, doubtful if he heard her. "I'm tired;. lass," he' said,. quietly, a, minute after her voice had ceased; 'f leave me to myself— I'll sleep; a while." CHAPTER IX. MR. EZRA STOKES, Mr. Ezra Stokes, the landlord of the Pig and Whistle, one of the two houses of public entertainment in the village- of Crouchford, was a new coiner in those parts. Crouchford was slow, to accept new people, and Stokes had been a member of its community only for the last two years. He was a dry and withered man of late middle age, whose skin had been burned to an equal blackish brown by stronger suns than that which shone on Essex. He was gnarled and warped and knotted all over like a wind-blown tree — with a halting leg, a wry neck, a humped shoulder, a peculiarly ghastly squint, a crooked mouth, furnished, with huge discolored teeth, no two of which stood at the same angle, and a twisted nose with three distinct bridges. His antecedents were dark ; except that he had been a traveller, and had, as, despite the time honored proverb to the. contrary, rolling stones some times do, gathered some financial moss in his wanderings, nothing was know n of him by his neighbors. . He had dropped down into the little place from — Heaven knows where, and had taken the lease of tho Pig and Whistle, paying solid cash for the privilege, and lived, reputably -in the village, owing no man anything. There was a certain likeness, be- tween his home and himself, both had been newer and smarter once upon a time, but the battering which makes a man ugly makes a house picturesque, and such stray connoiseurs of the beautiful as came to Crouchford found the Pig and Whistle .a prettier spectacle than its landlord. It was a tumble-down, weather-stained roadside house of two stories, with bulging walls shored up by heavy baulks of timber. Its low, browed door was covered with a heavy lintel of oak beams, and furnished with two settles, where, on fine nights, Mr. Stokes might be seen reading the newspaper or drinking affably . with his rustic customers. The latter voted him 'maiztn' good company, for he could, when he chose, talk of moving advert, tures by flood and field, in places whose, names sounded strange and barbaric in rustic ears, and had besides a sly, hard humor, which somotimes took a practical form. Mr. Bream, rapidly covering all the ground — social and geographical — of Crouchford with his usual energy, knew every soul in the parish in a week, and among them the landlord of the Pig and Whistle. Their acquaintance made quick pro- gress. There was not many people of sufficient native shrewdness or acquired experience in Crouchford greatly to interest a man of culture, except with tho interest, grown com monplace to Mr. Bream, of individual traits of character, or of such special worries and troubles, bodily and spiritual, as it was his duty to attend to. A man who had travelled, and would talk more or less intelligently of what he had seen, was an acquaintance to be cultivated iu a village of whose in-, habitants not one per cent, had ever wandered twenty miles from the church -spire. Then tho Pig aud Whistle was the sitting-place of the local parliament, where the ancients and young men of the place came together to unbend in social dissipation after the labors of the day, and ho who would know men should meet them at such moments. Crouchford came to think well of its new curate. In the first week of his . sojourn amongst them the annual cricket match with the neighboring village of Hilton had been played, and for the fl f of. fimc in llnntio twirl nnnnUAil i r» VSiAIW AAA UIU Jf t?CVl O Ulfcli 1UOU1KCU Alt a victory for. Crouchford, mainly through his batting and bowling. That alone , would have conquered the affections of the villagers, but when, after the match, Mr. Bream stood the two elevens a supper at the Pig and. Whistle, and after due justice had been done to beef and ale, sang " Tom Bowling " .from his place at the head of the table, Crouchford old and young, male and female, swore by him. This access of popularity rather dis turbed the mind of Mr. Herbert, who belonged to an altogether different type of clergymen, and whose aristo cratic instincts were not so tempered by his Christianity as to permit him so large a familiarity witli the humbler members of his flock. A week or two after Bream's arrival his vicar was shocked to see his curate at the door of Stoke's hostelry, holding forth to the assembled yokels, with a glass of beer in his hand, and obviously, to judge by the, broad grins of his audience, not on a doctrinal subject. When the two clerics next came to gether, the senior took the curate to task about this undue familiarity. " Understand me Bream," he said, " I would not willingly be taken for one of those — ah — false shepherds, who think that the delivery of a weekly sermon and the discharge of bare parochial work, completes a pas tor's work. By no means. I have endeavored during my whole time here, to — ah — to institute a friendly feeling between myself and every member of the church congregation. But there are— ah — limits. Bream." "So you think I have overstepped the limits, sir?" " Distinctly 1" said Mr. Herbert, with emphasis. , " To preserve autho rity among the — ah — vulgar, a gentle-1 man, and above all, a priest, should keep a certain aloofness — a certain dignity.. How can that dignity be ! preserved by a clergyman who drinks —ah— beer?'' — Mr. Herbert got out the vulgar monosyllable with some thing of an effort — " with a crowd of ' rustics before a. common alehouse?". "Stokes- beer is really very good, sir," said Bream, gravely. It never entered into Mr. Herbert's head that anybody, .especially his curate, could dare to chaff him, . and he put aside the irrelevant remark with a wave of his hand. " Let me ask you, Mr. Herbert," said Bream, " if you ever happened to overhear these fellows talking when they were unaware- of your presence ?" . " Very possibly. I — ah — don't ex actly remember any particular occa sion,1 -but - it has probably occurred." " It has occurred once or twice to me since I have been here," said Bream, ''and. I have noticed that on such oc casions their whole conversation is one tissue of dirt aud profanity. ' Well, sir, when. I am with them I have sel dom heard a- word which might not be used from the pulpit. Last night, just after you had passed, one man, Ned Roberts, from the Pear Tree Farm, began to swear. I told him he had no right to use that language in my pre sence, but — he was drunk — he went on swearing, and Stokes turned him out and sent him home. Now, surely, sir, if my presence -among them obliges them to talk and think decently for an hour or so a day, that is so much gained, and the fact that it does so is surely proof enough that my familiarity with tliein has not bred contempt, either of me or of my office." " more is sometinng in wnat you say, Bream," said Mr. Herbert. " Still," he continued, returning to his original position, "there are limits. Don't overstep them. As for that fellow Stokes, I don't like him. During the fiJur years he has lived here he ' has not once entered the church door. He has given me more trouble about — ah — tithes than any three people in the place. I don't think he led a reputable life before he came here." " He is a fairly intelligent man, sir, and he has a good deal deal of in fluence among the laborers. As to what his life has been, it is hard to say. He lias travelled a good deal, though in what capacity I don't know. He is willing enough to talk of what he has seen, but he never talks about himself." " I . should - say," said Mr. Herbert, "that he probably has good reason for his reticence," an uncharitable remark which Bream attributed to the- tithes dispute. It fell out, however, that this: same Stokes was to be intimately associated with the development of the one ' romance which was going forward in that sleepy and world-forgotten village, and it so fell out in this wise. Mr. Bream, calling at the Pig and Whistle one evening, found Stokes holding forth to his ring of customers regarding a tremendous landslip in the State of Arizona, which had happened a few years back, in a district with which ho had been familiar both before and after the catastrophe. His hearers listened open-mouthed, save one sour- faced veteren, who, at the conclusion of the tale, snorted with disdainful laughter, before burying his visage in a wide-mouthed earthen mug. "What be laughin' at, George?" asked a crony. "Why at all you fools swallerin'.the like of that," said the ancient. " Don't you believe it ?" asked Stokes. ' "Do you believe it, as has been a telling of it?" asked the ancient, sourly. " You comes here, and asks Chris'en men i' their sense to b'lieve a rigmarole like that." " Well, but George, what is it as ee don't b'lieve ?" asked the crony. " I don't believe one word of it," said George sturdily. " You're wrong there then," said TV/T W U HAA i £ C ?|?L M MM l L MAttl J A I'll JJlLOillli J.lllUa VI IflJltU £>VL W UU occur, and as for the details of this story, I remember reading some of them in the English papers at the time." j. » ; There," Said Stokes,' triumphantly. That's -what comes o'-,' telling a. story to a- gentleman as ku'ows something. And if you want any more proof than Mr. Bream's word, why ye shall nave it." t . : So saying he left the meeting for a moment, and presently returned with a big volume in his arms, which turned out to be a collection of literary and pictorial scraps from English, Colonial and American newspapers. "There," he said, bumping the volume down before the dissenting George, open at a large picture — " that's the place as it was after the landslip — as it is now for all I know. I've eat my meals and slep' in that hut in the corner scores o' times, when it was a quarter of a mile higher up the mountain. " Well," said the combative George; unable to stand against the phalanx of testimony, but retreating like a valiant general, with his face to the foe, "I don't know as it's much use to talk o' places when that kind o' thing's like to happen. I'm glad as I can go to my bed i' Crouchford without bein' afraid of finding Hilton atop o' me when I wakes i' the mornin'. I should look on a visitation o' that sort i' th' light of a judgment." " Ah 1 surely, chorused the others, with the exception of Stokes, ' who was surveying the ancient with a visage of humorous disdain, and Mr. Bream, who was(- turning over the leaves of the book.' " Hiive you been in all these places, Stokes?" asked Mr. Bream, glancing from page to page, filled with scraps of journalism from most of. the English speaking countries and' settlements on." the face of the globe. ."Why, nq, sir," said Stokes. "Not all, but' I've ' been'/in a good many, oic .'Cm. I was always fond of reading, and Lout them things out, here and there, and kept 'em, and when I came here, I pasted 'em into that book. They comes in useful sometimes, when a set o' mouldy old yokels as has never been a mile from the town pump calls me a liar." George wisely declined to accept this challenge to a renewal of hostili ties. Suddenly the assembly was startled by a stifled exclamation from Mr. Bream, and saw him staring like, one amazed at a page of the book. " Stokes 1 " he said, rising with the volume in his hand, and speaking in a quick, uneven voice, " give me a word in private, will you ? There is something here which interests me." Stokes limped his way into the de serted parlor, and - Mr, Bream - , fol lowed, bearing the book, which he laid open on tho table. The inn-keeper offered him a chair ; he took no notice of the act, but after looking rouud to', see that they were really, alone, and the door closed, laid his finger, on a, cutting. ' " Read that," he said, " and -tell : me I if it's true." Stokes, after staring at him, , read the paragraph. It was to this effect :- "News comes from Yuam, New Mexico, that Bluffer Hawking the well- known desparado of that district, has at last handed in his cheques. Our readers will remember that it is little over a month since Hawkins, accom panied. by a solitary confederate, stopped the mail-coach just outside Yuam, and executed a daring and successtui rouuery on one passengers. .On Tuesday night, one of the victims of the-raid gave information to Police Lieutenant M'Corniick, .that Hawkins and his companions had entered the town, and were drinking in the Mag nolia Saloon. That officer, with his usual energetic promptness, betook himself to tho place, accompanied by threo of his subordinates. Immediate ly on his entrance, Hawkins and his companion drew their revolvers. In the first exchange of shots M'Cormick and ono of his followors fell, fatally wounded, and there is little doubt but that Hawkins and his companion would have escaped but for the public-spirited conduct of Mr. Uriah Cleary, the pro prietor of the saloon, who materially aided the officers of the law by firing at Hawkins from behind. His bullet passed through tho desperado's neok, and a lucky shot from one of M'Cor- mick's party settled his companion. The identity of tho latter was estab lished at the police station, where, life being discovered to be extinct, an ex amination of his body resulted in the' discovery of several old letters, ad dressed to Philip O'Mara, at an addi'ess in London. M'Gormick's gallant con duct has excited universal admiration, and a subscription " has been liberally started on behalf of his widow and children." - It seemed to Mr. Bream's exoited fancy that Stokes took an uncon scionably long time to read this short paragraph. When at last he raised his head, his twisted face was as impassive' as a stone wall. As for his eye3, there was never anything to be learned from them, not even in tho direction in which they were looking. He said nothing, but waited for the clergyman to speak again." " Is that true ?" asked Mr. Bream again. " It's given here as a piece of news," Stokes answered. " I don't see why it shouldn't be." " "Were you ever in that place ? Did you know either of those men ?" Stokes' crooked eyes came together, as if taking counsel of each other. " I know them both," he answered, after a moment's pause. "Were you at this place, Yaum, when the affray happened ?" "No, I was in New York ; that's where I saw the report. It's cut out of the Now York Sentinel, J une 5, 1 Q ...1 TTa fr/\ - ll r\ mtnllAn A W AAO jUililCU bU UllO UUUU) VY I ilbCU in his own rude characters, below the paragraph. " You knew O'Mara ?" "Not by that name ; Mordaunt was .what he called liimsel 1" i' "How do you- know then that this was the man ?" " Because I was with him in a bar in St. Louis ; a man came up to him and called him O'Mara. Mordaunt stuck, the man out as he'd made a mis take. He was an Englishman ; so was Mordaunt." " Could you describe him ?" " Tallish chap ; good looking ; very swell way of speaking. Used a lot of crack jaw words. Played the fiddle and the pianner beautiful." " Will you lend me this book for an hour or two, Stokes? Say till to morrow morning ?" "Certainly, sir," said Stokes, closing the volume and handing it to him, " keep it as long as you like, sir." " I knew the unfortunate man," said Mr. Bream, "he has relatives in Eng land who know nothing of his death. I -will ask you, Stokes, to be so good as to say nothing of our conversation. It is a painful story, and I don't want it talked about." "I'm mum, sir," said Stokes; " there's nobody here, at all events, as I'm likely to talk to about it." "True," said Mr. Bream. Heleft the house with the book under his arm. tie saici tie was going nome wnen he came in," said Stokes to himself, as he watched the curate's lessening figure along the village street. " That ain't his way home. He seemed knocked all acock by it, He asks me not to talk about it. What's in the wind now, I wonder 1" CHAPTER X. ; AFTER SEVEN YEARS. Bream, with -Stokes' book' of scraps hugged under, his arm, and seeming to communicate an electric tingle 'under his . whole frame, strode along the village street into the lane beyond, walking at his rapidest rate until he came in sight of the red brick chim neys of Crouchford Court. He slack ened his pace there, to recover his breath, and wipe away the thick per spiration which his rapid walking , had brought to his face. He was in such a condition of nervous tremor as few men of his splendid physical condition seldom know, and it required a strenq effort to quiet the trembling of his hands, and to compose his features to their usual calm. Barbara answered his ring, and re plied to his inquiry that Mrs. Dart mouth was at home. She led him to the breakfast-room, and left him to announce his arrival, returning with the message that her mistress would see him directly. " How is your brother-in-law pro- grossing ?" he asked her. " He's mending, sir, slowly. Doctor says'as.he ought to be all right again in a week or two. My lady is going to 'find; him work on the farm -when he's, well enough to take it." . He seems to have something on his mind," said Bream. " His illness isi much more mental than physical. Whatever it is, he refuses to talk of it." "He's told me, sir," said Barbara. With a reticence natural under- the circumstance, she said no more tlian that he was grieving for her sister, his wife, who had died a year ago. Mrs. Dartmouth entering at that moment, released iter from further question, and sue lero une room. . Bream found himself in a situation which most of us have known at some time or other, the possessor of a piece of news he knew must be welcome, yet requiring considerable delicacy in the fashion of its conveyance.- To gain time he opened with some stereotyped commonplace, aud Mrs. Dartmouth 'answering on the same lines, he found himself floundering dismally, and, feel ing it more and more difficult with every passing moment to disclose the real object of his visit. HiB uneasi ness was too pronounced to miss Mrs. Dartmouth's observation. "You seem agitated, Mr. Bream. No bad news, I hope, of your parishioners ?" "Oh, none 1 Things are going splendidly." He stopped short, and tiien, taking his courage a deux mains, plunged at tho communication he had to make. " I have learned a thing this after noon, which closely concerns you," ho said. It concerns you so closely, it is of such vital'importance, that I scarcely know how to approach it. I am afraid that it will be something of a shock to you." She went a shade paler than usual, but it was with perfect quiet that she bade him proceed. " You will remember that on my first meeting with you how we spoke of — of your husband," She went paler still, and her breathing quickened. " I have news of him." There was so unmistakable a look of fear and horror- in her face that he hurried on; blurting out the communication crudely, almost brutally, "You are free. He will never trouble you again." Mrs. Dartmouth gave a gasp, and her bosom labored under the hand with which she tried to still it. He laid the book open at-the para graph he had read half an hour before. " Read for yourself," he said. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 