OUR CHATTIPHONE. Authorized and Pirated Whis perings. [All Rites Reversed]. Say, can you give us His Nibs. Don't talk slang here, if you please. All right, darling, we won't Atthcsamc time we don't know the gentleman by any other name. Well that name doesn't appear in our list of subscribers. 'Praps you can des cribe him. Oh, yes. A pompous, majestic-looking sort of individual, talks like an actor, and might be Sir Shallowpate. He's a candi date for the water (and whisky) ward, and may bo known by his rooted antipathy to printers' offspring, who are called Bill ? . Why didn't you say so before. I could , have given him to you at once. Here he is. j Hello I Is that His Nibs! 1 Who thc deuce are you 1 Tbe ghost of Printers Bill. 1 If 1 was anywhere near you I'd make & little Bill of you. You'd settle us, probably i Td brain you with an act of Parliament. Here, don't get excited, old man ; how do you feel now that you've been and goneand done it again J Fed 1 How would you feel if you were a man of experience, sir, and had been re jected by a rabble 1 Ask us something easier. You see yon had to carry that 45 pounds extra. Why the dickens dou*t you get rid of it ? Nevab, sir, nevah I Will you have another try next year ? Sir, by that time I shall occupy my proper position in Parliament. Going to turn Harris out ? Undoubtedly. Afraid, old man, that nobody will know you're a candidate. Why ? Well you won't get a tradesman to do your printing. You'll have to go round with a whitewash brush and write your announcements on tho pavement. Good bye. _________ Is the nice young man with the curly hair about? Who do you mean t Why Franky, of course. Yes— he's here right enough, but per haps you'd better not worry him. He's get his head bound up iu wet cloths, and he's been drinking soda and salts all the morning. Dear me. Is he so bad as that. Hello, is that you Frauky. How do you feel ? Bad) Well, you've had a turn of it you know — Windsor, Malvern, South Yarn* ; quite a variety. Look here, what possessed you to call it a donkey show at South Yarra? Why we knew that you and HiB Nibs wcro going to make donkeys of yourselves. Besides you must admit that there was at least one Neddy in the running. Yes, and he camc in at the tail end, worvo luck. Never mind, old man. You know now , that tho public aru't hungering and thirst ing after yon. Ta, ta. 1 