THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Author of "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped," "The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," &c.; PART II.—LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XVIII.—A PAUMOTUAN FUNERAL. No, I had no guess of these men's terrors. Yet I had received ere that a hint if I had understood. And the occasion was a funeral. A little apart in the main avenue of Rotoava in a low hut of leaves that opened on a small enclosure, like a pigstye on its pen, an old man dwelt solitary with his aged wife. Perhaps they were too old to migrate with the others; perhaps they were too poor and had no pos- sessions to dispute. At least they remained behind. It thus befell they were invited to my feast. I dare say it was quite a piece of politics in the pigstye whether to come or not to come, and the husband, long swithered between curiosity and age, till curiosity con- quered, and they came, and in the midst of that last merry- making death tapped him on the shoulder. For some days, when the sky was bright and the wind cool, his mat would be spread in the main highway of the village, and he was to be seen lying there inert, a mere handful of man, his wife inertly seated by his head. They seemed to have outgrown alike our needs and faculties; they neither spoke nor listened; they suffered us to pass without a glance; the wife did not fan, she seemed not to attend upon her hus- band, and the two poor antiques sat juxtaposed under the high canopy of pines, the human tragedy reduced to its bare elements, a sight beyond pathos, stirring a thrill of curiosity. And yet there was one touch of the pathetic haunted me—that so much youth and expecta- tion should have run in these starved veins, and the man should have squandered all the lees of life upon a pleasure party. On the morning of September 17 the sufferer died, and, time pressing, he was buried the same day at 4. The cemetery lies to seaward behind Government House, a dreary small en- closure; broken coral, like so much road metal, forms the surface; a few wooden crosses, a few inconsiderable upright stones, designate graves; a mortared wall high enough to lean on, rings it about; a clustering shrub surrounds it with pale leaves. Here was the grave dug that morning, doubtless by uneasy diggers, to the sound of the high sea and the cries of sea birds. Meanwhile the dead man waited in his house, and the widow and another aged woman leaned on the fence before the door, no speech upon their lips, no speculation in their eyes. Sharp at the hour the procession was in march, the coffin wrapped in white and carried by four bearers; mourners behind—not many, for not many remained in Rotoava, and not many in black, for these were poor; the men in straw hats, white coats, and blue trousers, or the gorgeous parti-colored pariu—the Tahi- tian kilt; the women, with a few exceptions, brightly habited. The presence of Mr. Donat and the white strangers gave a note more serious. Far in the rear came the widow, painfully carrying the dead man's mat—a creature aged, beyond humanity, to the like- ness of some missing link. The dead man had been a Mormon, but the Mormon clergyman had gone with the rest to wrangle over boundaries in the adjacent isle, and a layman took his office. Standing at the head of the open grave, in a white coat and pariu, his Tahitian Bible in his hand and one eye bound with a red handkerchief, he read solemnly that chapter in Job which has been read and heard over the bones of so many of our fathers, and with a good voice offered up two prayers. The wind and the surf bore a burthen. By the cemetery gate a mother in crimson suckled an infant rolled in blue. In the midst the widow sat upon the ground and polished one of the coffin-stretchers with a piece of coral; a little later she had turned her back to the grave, and was playing with a leaf. Did she understand? God knows. The preacher paused a moment, stooped, and gathered and threw reverently on the coffin a handful of rattling coral. Dust to dust; but the grains of this dust were gross like cherries, and the true dust that was to follow sat near by, still coher- ing (as by miracle) in the tragic semblance of a female ape. The eternal roar of the surf mocked the while a the whole transitory race of the mourned and the mourners. So far, Mormon or not, it was a Christian funeral. The well-known passage had been read from Job, the prayers had been re- hearsed, the grave was filled, the mourner straggled homeward. With a little coarse grain of covering earth, a little nearer outcry of the sea, a stronger gaze of sunlight on the rude enclosure, and some incongruous colors of attire, the well-remembered form was re- produced. And by rights it should have been buried with its owner; but the family being poor, it was thriftily reserved for a fresh service. The widow should have flung herself upon the grave and raised the voice of official grief, the neighbors have chimed in, and the narrow isle rung for a space with lamentation. But the widow was old; perhaps she had forgotten perhaps never understood, and she played like a child with leaves and coffin-stretchers. In all ways my guest was buried with maimed rites. Strange to think that his last conscious pleasure was the Casco and my feast; strange to think that he had limped there, an old child, looking for some new good. And the good thing, rest, had been allotted him. But though the widow had neglected much, there was one part she must not utterly neglect. She came away with the dissevering funeral; but the dead man's mat was left behind upon the grave, and I learned that by set of sun she must return to sleep there. This vigil is imperative. From sundown till the rising of the morning star, the Paumotuan must hold his watch above the ashes of his kindred. Many friends, if the dead have been a man of mark, will keep the watchers company; they will be well supplied with coverings against the weather; I believe they bring food, and the rite is persevered in for two weeks. Our poor survivor, if, indeed, she properly sur- vived, had little to cover, and few to sit with her; on the night of the funeral a strong squall chased her from her place of watch; for days the weather held uncertain and outrageous, and ere seven nights were up she had desisted and returned to sleep in her low roof. That she should be at the pains of returning for so short a visit to a solitary house—that this borderer of the grave should fear a little, wind and a wet blanket—filled me at the time with musings. I could not say she was indifferent; she was so far beyond me in experience that the court of my criticism waived jurisdiction; but I forged excuses, I telling myself she had perhaps little to lament, perhaps suffered much, perhaps understood nothing. And lo! in the whole affair there was no question, whether of tenderness or piety, and the sturdy return of this old rem- nant was a mark either of uncommon sense or of uncommon fortitude. Yet one thing had occurred that partly set me on the trail. I have said the funeral passed much as at home. But when all was over, when we were trooping in decent silence from the graveyard gate and down the path to the settlement, a sudden inbreak of a different spirit startled and perhaps dis- mayed us. Two people walked, not far apart in our procession, my friend Mr. Donat— Donat-Rimarau, "Donat the much handed" —acting Vice-Resident, present ruler of the archipelago, by far the man of chief importance on the scene, but known besides for one of an unshakable good temper; and a certain comely, strapping young Paumotuan woman, the comeliest on the isle—not (let us hope) the bravest or the most polite. Of a sudden, ere yet the grave silence of the funeral was broken she made a leap at the resident with pointed finger, shrieked a few words, and fell back again with laughter—not a natural mirth. "What did she say to you?" I asked. "She did not speak to me," said Donat, a shade perturbed; "she spoke to the ghost of the dead man." And the purport of her speech was this—"See here! Donat will be a fine feast for you to-night." "M. Donat called it a jest," I wrote at the time in my diary. "It seemed to me more in the nature of a terrified conjuration, as though she would divert the ghost's atten- tion from herself. A cannibal race may well have cannibal phantoms." The guesses of the traveller appear foredoomed to be erroneous; yet in these I was precisely right. The woman had stood by in terror at the funeral, being then in a dread spot the graveyard. She looked on in terror to the coming night, with that ogre, a new spirit, loosed upon the isle, and the words she had passed in Donat's face were indeed a terrified conjuration, basely to shield herself, basely to dedicate another in her stead. One thing is to be said in her excuse. Doubtless she partly chose Donat because he was a man of great good nature, but partly, too, because he was a man of the half caste, for I believe all natives regard the white blood as a kind of talisman against the powers of hell. In no other way can they explain the unpunished recklessness of Europeans. (To be continued.) As announced elsewhere a working model of Fraser's new invention for the opening and closing automatically of railway carriage doors will be shown at the Chamber of Manu- factures, Exhibition Buildings, on Monday next, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 1 p.m., when the inventor, Mr. R. A. Fraser, will be present and will explain the device to visitors. 