THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. BY MRS. JBANIB GWYNNE BE IT ANY, Published by 8p3dal airaogoment with too Autiio*. All flgbta reserved.] CHAPTEB Xfcl V,-{Continued.) This bind of talk was beyond David a com prehension. Bat j aBt as he had always thought that Joshua knew better than he did, bo now he thought that Jubal did, at least in most things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weaker one. A Btrong wind ia propelling a boat on a conrae which threatens disaster; surely the wind cannot be at fault. Why then trouble to alter the Bails ? The boat may be blown upon the rookB and smashed to atoms, but what of that ? One moat submit to the will of Providence. Jnbal palled his coat a little down and smoothe a wrinkle. They were in the road where his father lived. In the houses they had to pats people might be at the windows people he bad known and who had known him when he was shabby and need to go about with a stoop. Boys he ased to play marbles with would probably Bee him< Well, if they did they should eee a gentleman, a fashionable mm of the world, Jubal thought, who waa not mined by his father's disinheriting him, who waB not coming home in svskoloth and ashes to denote his repentance, but in a3 fashionable a Buit bb the best Manchester tailor could make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father's honae to aBk bread. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favor by his presence. The door waB opened. Sarah, who had not teen Jubal BO long, could hardly keep her Joy in. She seized him after the manner of the Black Country people, not too gently, " And, ob, what a beautiful gentleman he's growed into," she exclaimed. Bleaa his handsome face." It was not until she had exhausted as many epithetB as she could think of that she began to notice that Jubal waa not so effusive, In faot, he was considering whether she had been cook ing and might possibly grease hia olothes, He eaid (' Oh, BO it's you, Sarah. How do you do V This without a smile and in a very condescend ing way; and he waB about to pass her when he turned back and putting hia hand in hia pooket took out haif a orown. " Here, Sarah," he said superiorly, " you lent me half a orown once; here it ia. I just remembered it." Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand-the hard-working, rough band that waB alwayB so kindly and so ready to labor to the uttermost in loving offices for those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half crown into her hand, taking great oare not to touch her with hia glove. The touoh of the cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise the truth. She flung it from her and flung her apron over her head and began to sob, while Bhe gasped out "No, I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all my savings for one Bbake of hia hand." Jnbal fluahed and drew off one of hia tight fitting gloves. "Dear me," he said, ''if it's a shake hands you want I don't objeot to shaking hands," and he held out a hand white enough to have done a lady credit) but the girl would not take it. How many have had to Buffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Oar brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, BO the world BByB. The body returna perhapsf but the same self never. We have said good'bye to that person for ever. Yet those .who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long yeara, and break their hearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubal merely did as the world does« only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years Bhe had lightened h;s life when he waB at home and miserable) fiat she had during the past week prepared all kindB of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like "a stranger and did not even shake hands with her. 0 simple Sarah i with your good heart yoa have made and hidden away in the cupboard an apple-pasty for him; but bis tastes have changed, he does not care for apple-pasty now. Pate defoie gras is more in his line. You may as well leave the pasty in the oupboard where it is. But pebple in the Black Country don't cry quietly. They do nothing by halveB, And Sarah's cry brought Miss Doroas on the scene, resplendent in a green Bilk. " Whatever'a this disturbance about?" eaid that lady. But her eyes falling on her nephew, Bhe was thunderstruck by his appearance. Could this handsome figure that might have come out of a gentleman's fashion book be her nepbew Jubal 2 It Beemed impossible, <? How d'ye do, aunt?" said Jnbal, extend ing the tips of hia fingers. " I think you are too fine for suoh a house as this/' she remarked somewhat cuttingly. " We are not grand enough for suoh a fine gentle man." "Ah," said Jubal, with a mook bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitohen.) "It is not to enjoy myself I haye oome, but to see the nakedcesB of the land. You see," be said, hoping his father was somewhere, within hear ing, "I've not let my Soripture knowledge rust, But really, aunt, you are behind the times down here at Jumley; green isn't in faBhion, yon know, now-not in Manchester." ThiB was a very spiteful thrust and it went home. "Yon are very rude, indeed," re joined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her grsen silk nevertheless. "I get the fashion, plates regularly. I know what's in fashion better than you. Well, David," she said, turning abruptly towards her brother, and a cool family kisa was exohanged. But where was Mrs. Rimmon all this time 1 Will it be believed she was within hearing and yet did not oome to speak t; her son J She waa half afraid. He did not aeem to have received the others well; what would he think of her! j Jubal went into Ithe] dining-room, not seeing his mother in the dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table waa laid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table while his uncle and his father shook bands. Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be the firBt to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with hia father, so there was no aort of greeting between them. Jubal meant to apeak to Ins father, if there were any oocasion, aa he would speak to any stranger, and an oocasion oame. Jubal sat down on one of the chairs and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. "You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet?'1 He aaid to hia father; and that waa all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. Rimmon fcnew ahe could delay no longer; ao Bhe timidly entered the room, her faoe nervously working and her tears ready to fall, Jnbal kissed her and held her from him and looked at he', and kissed ber again. "The farca has begun, has itV said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. "No," said Jubul, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, " it has not, The farce will begin when the minister comes in to tea and yoa and lather act .the loving family before him " When JKeziah entered the room; very pale and looking paler in her blaak dreas, which she wore for her grandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it was his Bister. The short, crisp black ourla were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be ohanged; they were more pointed- a change due to thinness Bhe went first and kissed her unole David. He {pressed her hand encouragingly and was much tenderer thansver in his manner towards her* Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair and leaning over kissed hia forehead. '-Ob, Keziah," exolaimed Jubal. starting, "how frightfully oold your lipa are !" " Are they V said Keziah, with a wan Bmiis; and she took ber place at the table, kissing her mother aa Bhe passed her. The door was now flung open and Mr, Haokbit BWBggered in and surveyed the company with a leer. He gave a general nod, sat down, and placed his napkin aoross his kneea. ''iWell, brother-in-law,", eaid Jubal across the table, "your valet haa neglected you this morning. Do you know your toilet's rather defective ?" Mr, Hackbit looked severely aoroBs at Jnbal and remarked with some asperity that he would rather wear no clothes at all than ba dressed up like a doll as Jubal was. DorcaB waa sitting next to him. "Your neoktie's right under your ear," she aaid, "and you look as if you'd been to bed in your olotheB." "And you," retorted Hackbit, looking critically at bia aunt and ber get up, "you look as if you'd juat come out from under a glasB shade, you do." " Oh. don't let ua a have any quarrelling," put in David. " What can be the use of that?" After dinner Jubal announced his intention of taking a stroll, The mother would have liked to beg him to remain with her, bat how oould she dictate to this son who had grown into such a gentleman ? "Yes, show yourself to the inhabitants," was Hackbit's comment. "You'll solleot a crowd if you go out." "You'll collect a bigger orowd than I shall some day," retorted Jubal. "And really, Hackbit," he said, eyeing his brotherin law with a good deal of merriment in hia faoe, "I want to light a oigar, and I believe I oocild do it at your nose. Have yoa been acting the olown and forgotten to wash your face?" With this home thrust he went out; andl Keziah helped to clear the table. Mr. Rim pier waa to oome in to tea. He had been invited to dinnar, bat had nude an excuse. When tea time came he appeared, There waB a marked coldnesa in Dorcas's manner of receiving Mr. Rim pier, which that gentleman could well aeoount for. He, for hia . part, appeared to have some fine joke on hand »nd laughed to himself without any evident leasoo teveral times in succession; and at eaoh laugh Misa Dorcas colored. He was. however, scrupulous in hiB attentions to her, and aho seemed to tabe some interest in Jubal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. IFo he continued 1 