ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS The eurtont nnmhor of tho Nouvelle JBtvm eontnina nn InUronting nrfciolo ilcsoriptiv© of tin peculiar bellofn nnd practices of tho Roumnniai po&KMitry; on tbe subject of tho supornatnrnL Afc this time of day, as the writor regrotfullj remarks, it is uhoIcss to look for the suporstitioui Any moro than for nny ofcliT form of tlio pictur esqiioin the streets of Tluchnrost. The Roumanian citadin is just liko his fellow cockney all the world ovor : ho wears tho orthodox contiimo of Wostorn Europe ; and, that boing so, it is idl« to uxpoot to discover moro than tlio very smallest remnants of his ancentral idoaa undoi the Abomination of civilisation — tlio stove pip bnt. Hut tho Roumanian pennant, tbo Opincart the man who lives hit life hetweon the Car- pathians and tho Lower Danube, is still very much what Ins forefathers wero boforo him« His imagination haa not boen colored a neal uniform drab by tho brush of modern progress, and ho ia Still refreshingly behind" hnnd in tho raoo for a complete coating of that melancholy monochromo. From tho orndlo to tho grave tho Roumanian peasant is Gsoorted by a host of popular praotioos meant to shield him from tho malefic influences of tha ovll spirit? of the unseen world. Of theso there aro no Iftok, for Slavonic superstitions aro mingled in Houmania with auivivaIh of olaisia mythology whioh havo beon Inherited by tho descendants of Trajan's legionaries from thoir Romanised ancestors. Centuries of Christianity havo not boen nblo to oblitorato altogothor tho marks of tho Roman oaglo's olaw, and tho demi gods and nymphs of Gncco-Roman legond linger yot under tho sheltering shadow of tho Carpathians. Thus when a child is born the fatkor and mother invariably turn thoir eyes anxiously in tho direction of the window, for behind that aro lurking tho threo invisible Spinners, tho Uziicr.rc, v:\:o arc v;er.v:r.g the rvoh ?£ the infant's destiny, tho lineal descendants of tbo Pnrcie of classic mythology. Before tho child is ohrlstoned it has to piny its part in tbo important ceremony of tho first bath. This is ndministored to tho child in tho albia or copac, a wooden vessel whioh sorvos ahko for hath and orndlo, not to mention numerous othor domestic purposes. Tbo bnlie's godmother por- formB the ablutions nt hor own houso, wbitiicr tlio child is carried ; togother with a present o£ sugar and coffee. If it is a boy tiro godmother must pour into the bath a symbolioal mixture of corn, wino and iionoy ; and in the case of n girl Bomo f authors from a dove's wing and soino petals of a roso tako tho plnoo of tlio Wino. Tlio fenthors and rose lenvos form a pretty prayor to tho Throo Sninnora that tlio girl s footsteps through lifo may ho soft as down, nnd her tnoo fair as tlio roso in blossom. If you desire to road in tho book of destiny tho future of your offspring you may prove a boy's charaoter muoh ns l'ortia proved her lovoi-s'. Present the child with a loaf, a rod and a book. If lie takes tbe bread ho will bo a man of oom mon sense nnd practical knowledgo of tho world- if the rod, ho will be a n'er-do-woll ; if the book, ho will grow up to bo a great scholar. Love- and mnrringe, liko birth nnd death, havo over boon fruitful themes for tho oxoroiso of popular supoistition in all countries. In Roumnnin, as elsowlioro, the moon is tho maiden's uhief confldnnto in affairs of tho heart. A properly constituted Roumanian dnmsal will on no account omit to linil tlio now moon with the following invocation : — " New Quoon ! Iu health thou hast found mo ; in health loavo mc. Thou hnst found mo unwod : lonvo mo with a handsomo husband at my Bide." Thus they invoke Diana, tho moon goddoBs, as thoir anoostora, doubtless, invoked her centuries ago. Noithor will tho samo maiden forgot, wlion the month of March oomcs round, to suspond from hor nook or hor wrist tho martsichor, a silvor coin, whioli, in April, will be carefully hung upon a roso bank while its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way sho will infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink nnd while. Having tlms secured a sharo of beauty, tho noxt thing is to turn it to account in tho market of matrimony. If our maidon lacks tho courage or tho opportunity to follow tho classic tradition, go to tho forest by moonlight, and thoro, stripped of her elothing, to look for tho fneo of hor fulur in the wntera of tho spring, sho may yet obtain a sight of him in her drcamH if olio will placo a sprig of basil beneath hor pillow on tho night of thnEpiphnny. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in hasto to wed to wenr basil in hor hair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally tlio attraction of a mayfly for a trout for ovory well regulated Roumanian youth. Should sho desiro to know whether sho will wed within tlio year, lot hor go by night to the garden hedge, chooso in tho dark two neighboring branohes, and bind thom together with a ribbon. Returning in tho morning she will examiuo thorn, and if sho finds that sho has bound tho bronchos of two separata bushes her desiro will bo accomplished ; but if, unfortu natoly, thoy both spring from tho samo root, thon no wiso woman in all Roumania can tali hor how long sho will havo to wait unwed. AYhon slio is definitely engaged sho presents hor fiancee with hor sash as a formnl acknowledgment of tho betrothal ; lihd should she bo so lucky as to hear a dove coo, or cuckoo sing (upon her right side— not hor left), thon all is bound to go woll with tho pair. But if the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy oach other's sooioty, let thcin tako care on tho day thoy are married not to oross another wedding party coming out of church ; for if they do either bride or bridogroom will dio before tho year is out. Thoso precautious being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny otlior-world crea tures, arc plentiful in Roumanin, and as various as plentiful. There aro the Stripal, evil spirits who will make their way into' tlio houso on St. Andrew's night unless you rub your doors and windows witli garlic, tho smell of which thoso spirits cannot abide. There nro tha Aforoi , or spirits of unhaptised children, who cry for their motlieis' breasts, nnd will not bo appeased until their littlo graves bavo been sprinkled with holy water for seven years. Most fearsome of all is tlio vnmpiro, who loaves the tomb by night, nnd wanders till cockcrow working evil to men. lint tho spirit of the departed will rest unvexod pro vided that his ooflin contain a comb, a piece of soap and, above nil, the classic obol, the wage of the Infernal Ferryman. For the Roumanian peasant still pays tbo burial foe to Charon. 