POLITICAL POINTS. IN the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday i (ho Escheat Bill, the Special Sales of Land Bill, untl tlio Warwick Racecourse Bill were read a third time aud ordered to bo trans mitted to tho Legislative Council for their concufrouae by message in tlic usual form. Mr. liiock wished to re-open the debate on tho Land Bill, but the motion for its third reading having boen allowed to go a* formal tho Speaker ruled that no discussion could bo permitted. Tho member for Mackay then at tempted to achieve his purpose by moving tho adjournment -of the House; but again the Speaker intervened. The sessional orders ex pressly forbade discussion on motions which bad been allowed to go as formal, and a mem ber could not, on a subsequent motion for ad journment, initiate a debate on a subject which was already closed. The member for Stanley now tried to inoite Mr. Black to ro volt. " Were tlicy," he asked, " to be gagged by mere forms?" He suid no. But the Speaker said yes. Mr. Grimes wanted to know what quantity of explosives WHS stored in the magazine ut Sherwood, a ten-house I hamlet in his electorate. Tho Chief Secretary attempted to read the reply without tho aid of hta pince-nez glasses, and, being near sighted, made rather a mess of it. " Six hun dred and sixty thousand"-ho began. " Oh, no; that must be wrong sixty-six thous and tons-eh? I can't see . the figures." Then, mounting his glasses, he gave the fig ures correctly : 6,632 lb. of gunpowder and 180,000 rounds of small arms ammunition. » . . * * . . IK moving the second reading of tho Oaths 'Act Amendment BiU, a short Government measure which has come dowo from the Coun cil, the Chief Secretary said it dealt with two subjects - the administration of oaths to Asiatics in courts of justice, and the swearing of affidavits. In order to put an end to the difficulties which magistrates and judges en oounter in administering the ostli to Mahomet ans, Chinese, and other Asiatics, under the existing Inw, the Bill proposes to substitute a simple affirmation in sncu eases, making the penalty for " bearing false witness" the same as the penalty for perjury. This will Relieve the bailiff of the necessity of going out to cstoh a rooster when » Celestial u put into the witness-box, or of hunting up a volume of the Koran when a Mahometan is called. The other principal provision isnontained in clause 8, which reads-"Any affidavit may here after be sworn before any justice of the peace for the colony of Queensland, and all such justices are hereby authorised and empowered to take affidavits without any commission being issued for that purpose. At present affidavits can only be sworn before commis sioners appointed by the Supreme Court, or, in exceptional coses, before officers of the court or justices of the peace. The BiU met with general Approval, and the sccond reading was agreed to without division, Mr. Archer expressing a bopo that before long the Gov ernment would bring in a measure to abolish oaths entirely and substitute an affirmation in all oases. -....*«« Tax Colonial Treasurer also induced the House to agree to the second reading of a Bill dealing with the management of the ar tesian wells, tanks, nnd dams in the Western districts. These wells and tanks, the majority of whicb were constructed by ttie Govern ment, are becoming a rather sorious charge upon the revenue. The local authorities not only refuse to pay interest an the cost of con struction, but also decline to defray the oost of keeping the works in repair, and they want the Water for nothing. The Bill proposes to make the local authorities do their duly, and it alss contains provisions to prevent the waste of artesian water. It even goes further, and, on the principle that the stores of ar tesian water are national property, proposes to subject private bores to State controL Mr. Murphy and one or two other members repre senting pastoral districts objected strongly to State interference with privato enterprise; but the reoeption accorded to the measure was generally of a friendly nature, and the second reading was agreed to on the voices. THE rest of the sitting van devoted to the consideration of the Bills at Sale Bill fa com mittee. Briefly eta ted, the objects of the measure are to pot a stop to the many swin dles now " worked" in the 'commercial world by means of secret bills of sale, and to pro tect honest folk against the sharpers who resort to such questionable practices. No bill of sale will In future be of any value until It is registered. A time-payment agreement is declared to be a bill of aalo, and must be re gistered, but pianos, sewing maohines. bl cyAloti, and agricultural implements are ex pressly excluded-that Is to say, these articles may be sold on the time-payment system as hitherto without the agreement having to be registered. This is a mstinot blemish in the Bill, and ought never to have been assented to. . Bat the city piano sod bycicle vendors -who seem to live on the time-payment sys tem-had rounded up the metropolitan mem bers, and they .voted solidly for the interests of these half-dosen individuals as against the interests of the rest of the community. . ....« . Mr; POXTON pointed out that a very great deal of false credit bad been obtained from the time-payment system. It was a frequent souree of litigation, and great injustice had often been done. He could not understand why the people who sold those things-whether pianos or agricultural implements-should not go through the ordinary course of selling, and taking a bill of sale atterwards, and re gistering ft, so that the public, and trades people severally, might know exactly what the position of a man was with regard to the goods that were in his house or about his farm. Something might be said in favour of exoepting agricultural implements and Bewing machines, but pianos and bioycles were on an altogether different footing. They were ar ticles of luxury, and when they were sold on the time-payment system, it was ssking very little that the vendors should go through the ordinary course of taking a bill of sale so es to secure the amount of the purchase mouey, such bill of sale to be registered in accordonce with the provisions of the Act. Mr. McMaster said lie knew many instances in which persons had bought pianos on the time payment system, and it required all their spare cash to keep up the payments, so that tne bntcber and baker and unfortunate grocer had to go without payment altogether. A piano was a very desirable instrumeut to have In a household, but still many persons bought them who conld not afford it, and somebody eke had to pay for it. If a piano was worth having the person having It on the time-pay inent system should not object to give a bill of sale over it and have it registered. It would then bo at the option of tradesmen whether they give credit or not. Mr. Barlow argued that exempting pianos was pandering to that shabby-genteel notion which is the pest of soolety ; and Mr. Philp also opposed the exemption, but without avail. The Bill was agreed to, and tbe House rose at 10 o'clock. TBE preliminary business in the Assembly on Thursday included the introduction of several new Government measures. One of these was a Bill to amend the Defence Act The present Act provides for the maintenance of no officer of blghor rank than a Colonel, which was right euqugh in Colonel Frenoh's term of service as commandant; bus now we have a General In command, and provision must of course l>e made to Incorporate him in the Foroe. Henoe the Bill. Then there was a Bill to impose an export duty of £2 per ton on pearl-shell, about whioh we arc tola then is a " widespread feeling of discontent" within the narrow limits of Thursday Island. Seeing thnt the total area of the island is only a few hundred acres, Mr. Morehead was of opinion that the reports of11 general and wide* spread dissatisfaction" which had been tele graphed south were couchcd in rather compre nonsivo phraseology. Another of the new Bills proposes to correct an error in the das* cription of the land taken from tho Acclimati sation Socicty last year and granted to tho National Association. It appears that the paragraphs in the schedulo of the original Bill S;ot41 mixed up" somehow, like the infants on buttercup's baby-form, and that according to tho law as it now stands (though nobody out side tho Cabinet appears to have discovered tho fact) the Acclimatisation Society's gardens belong to the National Association, while the now exhibition building and grounds of the National Association belong to the Acclimati sation Society. It is to correct this error, and prevent complications arising, that the pres ent Witt buB been brought in. . . . . . . . THE HOUBQ went into Committee of Supply, and devoted seven hours to the consideration of tho estimates for the Laud Dcfenco Force, about which several hon. members-notably Mr. GlaBsey and Mr. Hoolan-had a good deal to say. Tho part played by tho troops in con* nection with the recent Western troubles was referred to in contemptuous terms by the member for Bundamba, who expressed it as an article of his faith that " all armies are cut throats." Generals, colonels, majors, cap* tains, lieutenants, and the " men who are not colonels" were very much in evidence during the afternoon and evening, and many thiugs that were not complimentary were said of Tommy Atkins ana his comrades iu arms. This, however, according to Mr. Rudyard Kipling, is only in keeping with the old-coun try attitude towards tho red-coat in piping times of peace: 44 It's Tommy this, and Tommy that, and 1 Out of that, you brute 1' But iU * Way for Mr. AtkinB1 when the guns begin to shoot." The great majority, howover, held that the Defence Force had justified its existence, and, though Bweeping reductions were moved in almost every rote, the estimates were passed aB introduced. Mr. GLASSKY and Mr. Morehead had HUG or two sharp passages of arms during the courso of the evening. Balonne is clever in debate, and he SB a master of repartee. This latter fact Bundamba stumbled upon on Tuesday night. He was replying to a warm speech de livered by Mr. Morehead. He said he used to regard tho member for lialonne as an able man, but he had changed his opinion.; he now bus no hesitation in savins that the hon. member was never fit to lead an army of tom cats, let alone a body of men. .. Well," re* turned tbe imperturbable member for Balonne, 111 would, sooner lead tom-cats than Tom Glasseys." And for the next minute tbe shouts of laughter fairly shook the slates on tbe roof, and startled the sparrows from their nests. . . » * . . . Mr. DALBYMFLK combated the member for Bundamba's objections to the Defence Force in a forcible speech ; then Mr. Paul and Mr. Hoolan had a slight misunderstanding; Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Pattisnn presently joined in the fray, and it was past midnight before Colonel Des Vteux and tbe other officers of the Defence Force, who had occupicd Beats in the undor*Bccretarics' gallery, on the floor throughout tho debate were gratified by the passage of the lost item. Once, when the ghost of the shearers* strike was walking the hamber-as he did at frequent intervals dur ing the evening - reference was made to George Taylor, who took a prominent part in the proceedings at Clermont during the early part of the year, aud who is now in St. Helena. Mr. Glassey defended Taylor, and hazarded the prediction that before many years Taylor would bs tranrlated from St. Helena to the Legislative Assembly of Queens land. 