THE CAMOKUA. /.RATTED FROM THE ITALIAN' OF MASTRIANA. CHAPTER X. HIE WANDERINGS OK A <;HOST. llv Fubdkmh K R. BI'IITON, Autlier of "Tl»tf '> it(iui "f His Clullm." '"'Hie Mrsuigr of Thiimtuii H i iuu re,'' " Atit.na," Miles away it seemed there appeared a tiny speck o( light. Some mother may have placed i> lamp iu tbe window to guide the steps of an nbsent son. Nicola saw it, and in default of any other suggestion he made his way toward it. His heart was beating fast and his limbs trembled, for not only was the immediate situation replete with peril, but he suffered yet from the terrible experience with the dead. He stumbled along rather slowly, trying to uvuid crowing any of the long, low mounds that marked the last resting-place of cholera's victims. Even as lie began his flight the pattering of the frightened gravediggers' feet was still audible. Nicola knew that for the present he had nothing to fear from them. How soon lliev might recover their senses and return was » vague and terrifying problem. Might they not realize the truth and set all the law tfticers of the country on his track ? or, might they not believe they had seen a veritable miracle, and be so alarmed by it that) they would speedily get drunk that they might forget it ? In any event, however, four miserable bodies lay on the ground by an open trench. In the morning, at the latest, somebody would have to bury them. The absence «i a fifth corpee would be noted. What then would be done 1 Occupied and disturbed by such conjectures as these, Nicola wandered on until he came suddenly to the cemetery gate. He could nob have seen it if the sentinel on duty there, * bearing' footsteps, had not flashed a lantern npon the Bcene. This was a fresh alarm, and Nicola was seized with a' wild impulse to rua back, but he saw at once the foolishness of that course, and with a feeling that he was running into certain capture and so to death at the Camorriste' hands, he shouldered his spade and advanced as boldly as he knew how. "Who goes there?" demanded the sentry. " A soul from purgatory, '' responded Nicola, tramping on. "Pa* vobiecuru, requiem eteriu.Tu, ,J stammered the sentry, recalling as much as he Wjuld of reb'gious phrases; and Nicola passed on like a ghost, and whether the sentry really thonght him a spirit returned to earth, or a jocose gravedigger, mattered n^ so far as resnlts went. A moment later Nicola was on the gloomy, deserted highway, for the present, at least, a free man. The next morning Naples was agog over a bis&rre; story about a dead man having come to life m the cholera burying grouud ; but old Zoccolone was dead and had disappeared, and Vicola passed for dead, and when Zoocolone's remains were finally interred, the entries in the record-book declared that Nicola Piretti J'ad died, thus and so, aud had been duly buried. * Vitale replied to the command sent to him by Carmine, saying that the- Blockhead's natural death had relieved him of the necessity ef putting Nicola to sleep, and that cholera had proven to be a worthy piociotto. Fasulillo, however, was not satisfied. It seemed to him that Vitale. should have executed the order without giving cholera a ehanoe, and he had a vague suspicion that all was not as it shoold be. He determined to keep his ears and eyes open and to make trouble for Vitale whenever possible. v Meantime Nicola hurried along the lonely road, bending his steps away from the city. Whenever he passed a houBe he walked on his toes for fear he should attract attention, and, wee pasBed, be ran as hard as his feeble strength would allow. After an hour thus he iad gone beyond the outermost suburbs, and y about him lay broad stretching farms, and the well- kept estates of thft aristocracy. He would bare journeyed on, aimless and ignorant of hie surroundings, bat his strength failed him. Never a strong man, the enforcdB idleness of prison life had softened his muscles, end the horrible experiences of the past fifteen boms had shattered his nerves. He sat down by the roadside and tried to think. Why was it that he who had never consciously done anybody a wrong should be brought to this pass ? Why should the Camorrists seek to murder him? During the hours after Vitale had announoed to him his fate he bid been too oppressed by the predicament to think clearly, and now he was wholly at a loss to conjecture what could have happened to bring tipon him the enmity of the terrible Society. Win thoughts wandered, the stinging pa.io in bis lungs remained, and he ached iu every limb. His head dropped, and in another moment he would have been asleep but for the aoieeof an approaching wagon. He hastily •withdrew and lay down beside the wall of the adjoining field intd the wagon had pa6«ed. Then be rose, and conscious of the need of deep, and the danger of being discovered, case •boot for a hiding- place. | A short walk brought him to a farmhouse. Entering the enclosure he prowled carefully j about until he came to a heap of straw. Partially covering himself with it he lay dovm and 1 almost immediately slept. I HeW&B; aroused at early dawn by the ordi- ; nary noises of a farmyard, but he dared not *tir. He even oovered himself entirely with j the Btraw holding his hand before his face so 1 that now and again lie might push same of the stuff away and thus get a chance for breath, j It was well he did so, for before long a man ' came from a stable with a long fork and pro- : ceeded to pick up a lot of straw from the very j heap under which Nicola lay. Fortunately j none of the tines pierced the fugitive's body, j and tlje man returned with his load to the j stable without suspecting Nicola's presence. j Time passed very slowly, but rt last, peering J cut between his fingers, Nicola paw all the tn. a «f the house depart for the fields for their day's J work. Then he cautiously crept out, and fainti "*ith hunger, approached the house to ask for food. He knocked at what he thought would be the kitchen door. It was opened at once by a young woman, whqChid no sooner set eyes on the caller than (jtirioke-i loudly, slammed the door, and Nic iia could hear her running across the room. Alarmed by this strange behaviour, Nicola also took to his heels. What could bo the matter? He had supposed he wouldbereceived as an ordinary beggar, and that aeruifcofbread at least be given to him. He recalled his remark to the sentry. Had the report of his disappearance already got abroad, and was everybody to look upon him as a ghost? He could net run far, and when he was forced to rest he hid ft? well as lie could in a clump of bushes. Presently two i>ersons passed, hurrying along the road. They were talking excitedly about cholera, and walking pestilence, but Nicola could not gather their meaning or make out that they referr d to bim. Some time after they had gone beyond hearing, he emerged from his hiding-place and set out again along the road. Just around a bend he •aw the roof of another farmhouse, and while ; he was debating whether he wonld try again to 9 beg some food, be was approached by a party «f several people, most of them women. i " There he is cried one of them, and ' Nicola recognised the girl who had so rc-oeucly shrieked at the sight of him. The entire party stopped abruptly and , lcoked fearfully at th« fugitive. ! "Good people," said Nicola, approaching ' despairingly, " 1 am an unfortunate man that •' means no harm ." " Be off!" shouted one of the men in the 'group, and he picked up a stone froi;i tho giound, and raised bis arm threatening!}-. ' " Why ?" began Nicola ! "Be off with yon," cried the wii«>!e party in a chorus; "go somewhere and finish dying of the clrelera if >rm are not diwtd yet. Don't • bring jour jjest to th» homes of intioiK-ufc ' people.'' j And forthwith they b<>gan to throw "tones at him; and Nicola, stung with tain, fur one <»f j the miBsiles b-tmoW him in the frsoe, turned i about and ran. Hie as.-a.Uanto pursued and j kept up a running fire of wtones but as they J made no serious effort to overtake bint, and ag ! terror lent new power to the fugitive's limbs, ' he was not injured, and before long had left the pureutre far behind. Even KS lie ran HE realized the cause of this uneyjiocted troubio. His face was yet discoloured with the stuff Vitale had supplied ; he must indeed lock like a walking, cbolera-.striekeu corpse. winder tlie country peojile *isbtd to drive him y. Nirula hurried on. The epi<=.id* just, narrated hnd compelled him t>> "rottiiu on hii course, and he was now appro.-v:hiug Nap!.:.-*. Taint and discouraged ho was beginning ro JoDg almost for recapture, when h« ••.vne'to n narrow stream. He then left the road and followed along the bank of the stream until he came to a sheltered place. Then; he batb'-'l. AB he was scouring hi- cheeks with white earn I, lie became acutely conscious of the wound made by the stone thrown af bim by tli^ farmer. The skin had Wjti fli^htly ljrol;en, «nd the flesh was swelling until it tiireateti"l completely to close his eye. Unmnifortablp, AH it was Nicola yet took h nart from it. 1 [i-i appearance had naturally chaiigi-d suiiK-wh.it during his imprisonment, and th<\- swelling wrould make him for the time at least wholly unrecognisable; the more so as |x«ople vjul'J not probably susi>e<:t that he WAH Accordingly he determined to make, his w;ty back to the city. He would be 1R«S «on«i>i('ii'jns in the crowded streets than wandering aimlessly about the country. I'p t» tlii« moiuent he had kept the spade that he had taken from the burying ground. It occurred to him that it might be recognised and so attract some kind «>f suspicion to him. So he cast it into tli'; •treain and returned to the highway. At the very first house he came to he applied Sot assistance. At in th<i fii*t cast if a woman who came to the door, for alt the men had gone to the fields. Nicola stammered in confusion, for beggary was not familiar to him, that he was hungry and that lie would gladly do some work about the yard iu payment for a bit of bread. The woman turned without a word to a table near tho door and took from ic a half loaf, which she save to Nicola. " There isn't any work that you can do," she said, "but you're weloome to this." Her tone was so kindly, her whole manner so free from distrust, that the tears started from Nicola's eyes. It was long since he had been treated otherwise than as a good- for-nothing and a criminal. He tried to thank his benefactress, but he broke down. "You've been hurt," remarked the woman simply, notnoticinghis embarrassment. " Yes ; a stone was thrown at me." " Oh—too bad ! How can boys be so cruel ? As if misfortune wasn't enough, but they must add to it. Dreadful! Here, let me make a poultice of crumbs to take out the pain and reduce tiie swelling." Nicola started. That swelling might be his only safety until he had hidden himself in the slums of Naples. "No, no!" he exclaimed hurriedly; "you are very kind—I am very grateful, more so than I can say. God bless you, madame'.'' and he ran from the door. " Strange!" murmured the good woman, looking wonderingly after him. " He seemed to have a good heart; what can be the trouble with him ?' and she resumed her work. Nicola ate his bread as he walked, and was much refreshed. He began to hope that all might be well for him at last. Presently he stopped with a sinking heart. A short distance ahead was the cemetery and the cholera burying ground, from which he had escaped the night before. Although he was reasonably sure of passing without detection or arousing suspicion he nadn't the heart to try it. He retraced his steps, took the first by-road leading towards tne north, went to the end of it, crossed - fields, traversed forests, and so walking all day long, made nearly a complete circuit of the city. Then he entered its streets, feeling at every step as if the eyes of the Law and the Camorra were upon him. It was nearly evening, and in spite of the evident danger of the proceeding !Nicola went to the bouse where his wife had lived previous to his imprisonment. He felt himself drawn there irresistib'y; not that he wanted to enter; cot that he cared much to see the wife who had driven him from her door ; there was simply an inexplicable fascination about it, and the very dancer he ran added to the attraction. The sun had set when Nicola arrived there, but in the gathering dusk it was perfectly easy to sec* the outer door of Filomena s house hung with crepe. Nicola stood there wondering. What did it mean! He was possessed by insatiable curiosity. He approached a shopkeeper. "Paidon, Signor, can you 6ay whether Madame filomena Piretta lives near here J" " Aye," replied the shopkeeper; "thewidow Piretti lives just across the way there, where the shades are drawn." "The widow Piretti?" repeated Nicola halfvacantly. "Aye. Her husband, generally known as the Blockhead, died in prison a day ortwoago. I never met hitn, but everybody says he was a worthless chap, and a criminal as well. Widow Filomena, however, has great respect for the proprieties, and she will doubtless wear black for several weeks. Are you aco tainted with the family?" "I used to be—ah—I knew her husband," stammered Nicola. " I thank you, Signor." He left the neighbourhood at once. *' So they think me dead, then," he thought. " Perhaps I may live after all." That night he spent as homeless, friendless vagabonds must, and the next day he began again the weary task whioh had been interrupted by his arrest—seeking employment. We will not follow him closely in his search. Let it suffice that he suffered much, that he escaped detection, and after a time was engaged to do some trivial, unskilled work in a pipe factory. Several weeks had passed. Nicola had allowed his beard to grow in order to conceal his features as much as possible; for although he knew that the law regarded him as dead, he feared that the far-reaching Camorra would discover him; and for the vej^ reason that he knew not why the Society had sought his life, he feared the more to become known to them. Of course he went under an assumed name and avoided his former haunts, and after that first visit to his wife's house he took pains never to be seen in any place where he Slight be known. He seldom left his lodging or the shops. All told he was recovering spirits. The work paid for a modest living, and new friends proved to be pleasant. One day as he was packing a box with ipes he heard a voice at his back :—" Oho ! g lockhead!" Nicola dropped the pipe in his hand and it fell in pieces on the floor. Ashy pale and trembling like a leaf in the wind he turned to face the man who had addressed him. He saw a young man standing in a nonchalant attitude, smiling, and his eyes twinkling as with keen Satisfaction. It was Carmine Esposito, the Cammom?t, who had condemned Nicola to death. 