liemnmon. The gray euttains of morning twilight rung gloomily over the endless dunes of saud. The drab.green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by thoe s!;ghtst breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lecn its golden embroidery tothe obrken column of thIe temple ; not a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavens, or break the songices repose of the palh-dotted decsit. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer Sappeared like the sinuous reflection of a lunoiroeu lily-star in a gently rippled lake. An oplesceent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit of silence remeit to reign until the morning song of Memuon should break the potent f spell. The eternal Pyramids frowned in the dis. itance in orders gray, and the acacias bent like the PFailictl in prayer, as though im. pressed by the eubtle charm of the silence that was lonely and unbroken. The herons stood in mnljestie immobility, as though obarmed, among the reeds and sedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbera of motionlel s palms were etachbed, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconselous of the first faint kiss of dawn-whose folds and draperies of gray seemed awaiti:ng the golden roses of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfect beauty. In the midst of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would make such a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, loemnon eat in the unbroken solitude, wi:h no breeze to fan his cheok, looking steadlastly toward the east for the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the aocents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distance be. hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of rose appeared, a breeze started acnross the burning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, ?,d filled the rilplel air of midsummor with : "' Is it hot enough for you 1" PL K. UnWrtTTm-. 