BAPTIST ASSOCIATION OF QUEENSLAND THE LAND Prjpiifo .ME.Eirs'o. A public tea meeting in connection with the half-yearly session" or the Baptist Association of Queensland" was held last evening in the City Tabernacle Schoolrooms > Considering the state of the weather there was a large attendance both at the tea and public meeting. Mr. G. Grimes occupied the chair. The Rev. T. BREEWOOD ' read a paper on "Our Denominational Principles." He said that viewing those principles in the light of history, Baptists were Protestants. In all ages of Roman despotism the people of the Baptist Church had uttered a their protest against injustice, and had witnessed for liberty and truth. They could bond to the axe or the dungeon, but not to anti-Christ. He rejoiced '"in the splendid heroism of the men of bygone times. Baptists, of all others, were then detested, and they were singled out for cruelties fit only for hell itself. Notwithstanding this the cause stood to-day as strong and vigorous and as useful as any other section of the great Church. In all ages the one unifying and solidifying principle of the Baptist Church was fidelity to Christ fidelity in discipleship ; fidelity to His calls and commands ; fidelity at all costs. Baptists were Nonconformists. During the 17th century all denominations outside the pale of the Anglican Church were regarded as enemies, and Christians were often shamefully abused. At that time the English gaols were full of the noblest, the most pious, and the best educated of the population. But they endured all these cruelties for the truth's- sake. They could suffer, but they could not alter; they were willing to deny themselves, but not to deny Christ. But soon the day of freedom dawned, and liberty, like a beautiful sun, rose over the land' and the Baptists, with the other Nonoonformists.'Hveie enabled to worship God as they thought fit. It was a solemn principle with Baptists to regard the Bible as the basis of their faith and hopes. Chillingwoith's ory, " The Bible, and the Bible alone, is the religion of the Protestants" might be accepted as the watchword and motto of the Baptists. To them "God's Word was a royal volume, the king of Literature, the hook of books. On the Bible their faith and piano tice as a body of Christians was built up. Their doctrines were tested by its light, and yet how few there were who lead and studied the Scriptures in' their, homes. Compared with other literature, very few volumes of God's Word were sold in the bookstalls. All Christians should be consistent, and act well up to the principles which they held. Another principle held by the Baptist Church was, that only regenerated persons should be members of their churches. This was an important matter, and any laxity with regard to it was a sin. Pastors and deacons should guard the door of the church faithfully, and at all | costs. At the same time they should be consistent. If conversion was the door into the visible Church, why should they seem to make baptism the entrance. They should make all | Christians at home who chose to settle amongst them. If baptism Was made the condition of membership they did not resemble that eternal fold in which was gathered a Wickliffe, a Luther, or a Wesley, It was also a principle with the Baptist churches that they should be presided over, by pastors and deacons, just as in the apostolic days, that the Lord's work should be maintained by freewill offerings, and that the churches should aim at the salvation and consecration of the young. The Church also contended for liberty of opinion on all religious Bubjects,Jiol9iiig that Christians were responsible ^"G^ojfyind to Him only. Another matter of impó'rtanSe^clierished by the Baptists was in their obedience to the Gospel commission. ' They lovdcP the work of foreign missions, and as a body they took no second place in the salvation of heathen peoples. They also held that immersion was the only baptism of the New Testament, and on that account they were called' Baptists. Yet they loved all God's saints, irrespective of name or guild, believing that Christ dwelt not in one but in all the churches. ,.,(Hfiar, heal.) The Rev. W. WHALE delivered an address on "Our Denominational Status." Looking over the position of the Baptist Church in the various colonies, he said he found that in New South Wales, with a population, of over" 1,000,000 people, they had 1500 members ; in Victoria, with about the same population, there were 4500 members in South Australia, with a population of 815,000, there were 3055 members in New r Zealand, with over 600,000 people there were 2778 members in Tasmania with 130 000 people there were 574 members, while in Queensland with a population of about 400,000 there were 2170 members, so that on the basis of population this colony compared favourably with any of the other colonies except South Australia. He thought the statistiosior¿ttíi3 colony were on the whole satisfactory, In Europe there were between 400,000 and 500ÍQOO members belonging to the Baptist Church? in England there were 329,000 members in Asia 73,000, and in Africa 2500. The great stronghold of the Baptist Church was in North America, where there were about 80,000 churches, and between 3,000,000 and 4,000,000 of members. (Hear, hear.) In the world the adherents to the Baptist Church were j about, 10,000,000, including members. Scrlpturally he considered the position of the Church was impregnable. With regard to their status socially, there were a great many people who, as they got on well in the world, drifted away from the Church in which their convictions were formed to one where their convenience was considered. In America, however, the social position of Baptists was equal to that of any other , denomination of | Christians, and it was not an unusual thing to find a member of Congress a teacher in the Sunday school or a magistrate or Judge acting in the same capacity. And the progress of the Baptist Church in America had been largely due to the fact that the people of social position were proud to serve the Church in any 1 capacity. As to the position of the Baptist Church in this colony, educationally they were doing nothing except in the congregations and Sunday schools. He did not see why there should not be Baptist schools here as in America, where their children could be educated in Baptist principles. With regard to the status in literature, he thought the Baptist Church had produced some oMhe most distinguished scholars, - preachers, and orators that the world had ever seen. The Baptists in Queensland needed a little more vigorous attachment to the churches; and to throw a great deal more enthusiasm into the work of the Church than they had hitherto done, if they wished to see their' denomination taking the place which it should occupy in this colony. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. Poole delivered a short address on " Our ^ Denominational Mission." He said that they could only learn the extent of their mission by the commission which had been given to them. Christ had commanded them to " Go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every, creature, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." That was the commission of the Baptist Church, and they must fulfil it to the utmost extent. First of all they had to evangelise. Their work was not merely to collect a lot of people into a given church and to make that church a sort of club. They had to go outside the church and evangelise. And the commission of the Baptist Church was to evangelise Queensland first, and then to go into all the world and preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ, They had to baptise, and there was only one meaning to that word. The Church was commanded to go forth baptising in the namely the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, so that every convert to Christ should "be led through the baptismal waters, making an open confession of Christ, and professing fidelity to His cause. They had not only to evangelise and to baptise, but they had to teach. Converts had to be instructed after they were gathered into the Church, to be led up into the wider circle of oil that Christ asked of them. a Their spiritual characters were to grow and ripen. The Baptist churches of Queensland were federated in order that they might effectively carry on this mission. But they wanted more enthusiasm to make ¡tbemfoieel that their ss * Sir (I ! V federation was not a more mechanical thing, 1 but that it was a living power, carrying with it great privileges and great responsibilities. As a church he hoped they would do their utmost to carry out this mission in Queensland. (Hear, hear.) During the evening some selections of music were sung by the choir of the Windsor-road Baptist Church. Votes of thanks were accorded to the choir and to the chairman, after which the doxology was sung, and the meeting terminated. 