NEWS AND NOTES. The results of the Public Service examinations for the clerical division, which took place in June last, have been published in the Govenitnent Gazette, and among the names of the successful candidates we notice those of Mr. Jas. Mullumby (in service), of the local post office, &nd; Air. J. Pollard, a son of Mr. B. Pollard, of Nuggetty, as operators. Mr. Mullumby has since been transferred to the Romsey office, and his younger brother has succeeded him at the Maldon office. By reference to an advertisement in our columns the public will aee that Fitzgerald's Circus will perform in the Shire Reserve, Maldon, on Wednesday, September 2nd. It bone of the best circuses ever seen in Australia, cumbering, as it does, no less than 40 performers and 60 horses and ponies. It is an: old saying that when yon see one circus you «ee the lot, bat this is not ao with Fitzgerald's, as he promises something new and original. The circus has been performing in Bendigo for x short season, and have uiet with touch patronage and appreciation. The tour -of the eircos in Australia wili be completed at the end of May oext, when Mr. Fitzgerald intends ffliiinc to Bendigo for three months to train ^cveral new bones, and practice numerous originalities. Sac. The proprietor of the soatshuv is a. brother to Mr. Fitzgerald, M.P., the wull-knunn labor leader in Sew Svuth Wales. A daticA will take place in the Shire Hall to-morrow evening, the proceeds being in aid of the Maldon Brass Band. The members of the band will supply the music. Mr. Geo. LanscII, the well-known supporter of the 1111111115 industry in Bendigo, celebrated his 68th birthday on Monday last, and flags were flying at all his private mines in honor of the event. The death of the Hon. James Phillip M'Pherson, M. L.C. for the Nelson Province, occurred on Sunday, at Scott's hotel. The deceased gentlemau was 49 years of age, and had represented the province of Nelson since 188G. Any of the young men of Maldon desirous of enrolling themselves in the local squad of the 4th Victorian Regiment will need to hand in their names without delay to Mr. J. Coou, as no names will be received after to-day. Mr. Coon will furnish all particulars to intending recruits. Some time ago (says the Had) a seizure was made in the bars of four hotels at Castlemaine of spirits placed in bottles that did not correspond with the description it should Ke according to the labels. The explanations furnished of the mistakes were so reasonable that it was considered no prosecutions would be proceeded with. This supposition, however, has turned out to be fallacious, as summonses have been served on tho offenders to appear at the Castlemaine Police Court on Friday. A notice of some interest to those who desire a Bafe investment for a small capital appears in the Gmcmmait Gazette, viz.:— "The Receiver and Paymaster to the Treasurer, Melbourne, is authorised to dispose of Victorian Government Inscribed stock, on application, in parcels or amounts of ten pounds (£10), or some multiple of ten pounds (£10), and at the nominal value of the said stock, i.e., at par, with accrued interest from the 1st April inst. added." A sad accident occurred at Mr. Oswald's mine on Monday afternoon, whereby a youth named Fred. Rodda lost his right thumb and sustained a fracture of both bones of the forearm. It appears that Rodda was on a platform over the Frue- Vanners hanging up a belt from the shaft. Ho had a piece of packing rope in his hand to tie up the belt, when the shaft, which was revolving at the rate of about 200 a minute, caught the rope and drew in Rodda's thumb. The unfortunate lad was thrown off the platform, the jerk tearing the thumb off at the second joint, and also breaking his arm. Rodda was brought up to the town as quickly as possible, and attended to by Drs. Farr and O'Neill, who were obliged to amputate the remaining joint of the thumb. Under the care of the doctors, Rodda is pro grossing as favorably as can be expected. Messrs. M'Clurc, Valentine and Co., of Melbourne (through their auctioneer, Mr. F. A. Pleasance), on Friday last con ducted a mortgagee's sale at Spring Vale farm, Joyce's Creek, occupied by Mr. W. T. Cox. The following lots were disposed of:—Allotments II and 12, section 4, 145 acres, Mr. M'Lay, £5 5s. per acre ; allotments 13A 13C, 186 acres, Mr. M'Lay, £6 per acre; allotment 13 section 3, Mrs. A. Kaye, £7 12s. 6d. per acre. Allotment 1, section 3, known as Gamble's, was passed in, the highest bid, £7 per acre, not being up to the reserve. The homestead was also passed in. Intelligence has been received by cable* gram from Chili that terrific fighting took place on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday last before Valparaiso, between the Chilian insurgents and the troops cf President Balmaceda'a. On Friday the insurgents forced a passage to Aconcagua, and a desperate struggle ensued, when 20,000 troops were engaged. The fighting resulted in the loss of 3,000 men, no quarter being given or expected on either side. The skirmishes have continued unceasingly on either side. On Saturday the insurgents pushed on the enemy, and succceded in reaching President Balmaceda's main position in the evening. A furious battle was fought throughout the following day, Sunday, the insurgents being aided in their operations by their fleet which lay off the shore well within range. The stirring scene was viewed by thousands of spectators, who crowded every safe place of vantage. The result of the conflict up to this, the latest despatches, has not yet been ascertained. Owing to the prevalence of rabbits at several places along the Shelbourne railway, the formers whose land is adjoining the railway fences are making numerous complaints. " Bunny" particularly exists in large numbers at a spot some two or three miles from the Maldon station, having taken up his abode in the embankments, which are composed principally of the rocks taken from the granite cuttings on the route. The rabbits are enabled to obtain free ingress among the rocks, which affords them a very comfortable warren, and it is difficult to get at them. At one or two points the banks are literally alive with rabbits, and Messrs. Gallagher's and Dickson's crops suffer alarmingly from the lavages of the pest. The Railway Department are making arrangements to get rid of the rabbits from within the fences, and last week Inspector R. Bowman made an inspection of tho affected parts, and he states it is the intention of the department to procure several miles of wire netting, and run an enclosure completely around the places where the rabbits are; therefore, the bunnies that fail to escape ere the retting is fixed will become famished within their warrens, and it will be impossible for any to enter. By the adoption of this method the rabbits should before long be a nonentity—at any rate within the railway fences—and the next step to be taken will be that the farmers themselves will have to destroy the rabbits on their own laud. The Salvation Army Guards Band arrived in Maldon yesterday, having walked from Castlemaine, and marched through the- town playing their instruments, and their excellent renderings of numerous pieces was a great source of attraction. Their services in the Temperance Hall last evening was crowded to excess, and prior to the meeting in the barracks the bandsmen and local soldiers paraded the streets, and as musicians they are undoubtedly of the first water. Mr. Gore is the bandmaster, and is a fine cornet player, and the men under his charge show good training. The drummer, a Swede, called "Our Johnnie," wielded the drumsticks with astonishing celerity, and he certainly is veiy clever- The members of the band only receive a few shillings .weekly for their services. They have just concluded a tour through Tasmrn-a, and although they eocoantered many vicissitudes and at times had veiy rough and ready experiences, yet the the tour had been highly satisfactorily. Hundreds of persons were being converted by the efforts of the band, and the funds they raised went to support the training homes in Melbourne. Several of the bandsmen axe capital vocalists, and choruses rendered by the members are well worth hearing. The band- will conduct services in the open air and at the barracks to-night, and tomorrow morning they depart to fresh gelds. Mass will be celebrated in St. Brigid's Church ou Sunday next (the 15th Sunday after Pentecost) at half-past 10 o'clock. The funeral of the late Mr. Alexander Pettitt (whose demise was reported in our last issue) took place on Sunday at the Maldon Cemetery. " The funeral cortege was a large one, there being about 40 buggies following the hearse. The attendance would have been much larger had the weather been more propituous, but heavy rain descended at intervals during the afternoon. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. R. W. Cooke, M.A.. the mortuary arrangements being carefully attended to by Mr. GrenfelL The Lord Bishop of Melbourne held a confirmation in Trinity Church last Friday evening. A large body of candidates— adult and juvenile—presented themselves from Maldon and the neighborhood, Newstead sending four. Confirmees were seated in the centre of the nave of the church, facing the chancel steps, the boys and men in front and the girls and women behind. In all nearly 50 of both sexes were confirmed. For some time past four classes have been held weekly in Maldon for their preparation by the incumbent and also one at Newstead by the Rev. Mr. Gilmour. Two earnest addresses were delivered by the Bishop before and after the laying on of hands, and were listened to by the candidates with rapt attention. Excellent advice was given to them and their parents. The gregation who followed the service closely, church was crowded in all parts by a con- The behavior of the candidates was most reverent and derout. The Bishop spoke of the gift of the Holy Ghost to be received, and of the confirmees giving themselves up to God. During the offertory Attwood's " Veni Creator" was sung, the solo being taken by Mrs. Rastrick. The new confirmees and others communicated on Sunday morning, about 100 receiving the Holy Communion. A coffee social held at Eddington on Friday last, in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church, in the State school, had a very serious and disastrous ending, as towards the early hours of the morning some residents of the town were roused from their slumbers by the cry that the school was on fire. A Mr. George Nixon was the first one to notice the fire, and he gave the alarm at once to the schoolmaster, the police and other residents, but it seems by this time the fire had done its work, and the flames were to be seen through the roof. How the fire took place is not known, and will very likely remain a mystery. Some people think that one of the lamps must have been left burning, thus igniting the ceiling, while others think that someone went in search of provisions, as the remains of the coffee snpper were left in the school room nntil morning, however, nobody can state for a certainty how it did occur. The schoolmaster (Mr. M'Kinley) will be a great loser, as all his books, papers, maps, &c.;, are destroyed ; even the records of the school are burnt, as nothing whatever could be saved. Mr. John Moore, will also be a loser, as he had provided most of the crockeryware for the supper; also lamps, tables, and forms, and as everything was left in the school till morning those also shared the same fate. The building was burned to the ground. In referring to the death of Mr. Harcourti a notice of which has already appeared in onr columns, Bohemia says:—" 'Shooting folly as it flies' is not all fun, and frivolity. Yon do bring down such a sombre-plumaged bird instead sometimes, and the death of Dorant Harcourt last week is one of those excessively sad things which occasionally come within Bohemia's range. -Harcourt's figure was, perhaps, one of the best known in Melbourne. Many people have turned to look at the tall, handsome grey-haired man, with so much natural dignity iu every movement. In Summer the complete white suit and helmet, made him even more noticeable, and he certainly looked one of the most unlikely men to meet the Shadow, at least for many years. But Harcourt did not die a natural death. He was garotted one night on his way home, and was found some time after the outrage lying in the gutter. When taken to the hospital, severe injuries to the throat were discovered, and the unfortunate fellow, unable to swallow, just wasted away to a skeleton. Everything that medical and surgical aid could do was done by Surgeon Fitzgerald, who took an immense liking to poor Harcourt in those terrible last days on earth, bnt the cue was hopeless from the first, and the end came last week. Harcourt was a solicitor in England and then in the colony, after which he took to journalism, doing among other things, the ' Household Jurist' column in the Herald. He was a thorough gentleirau and genial companion, and Bohemia hopes sincerely that if ever a ubiquitous police does get hold of hiB murderers, an intelligent magistracy won't let them off alive with a £5 fine." Many of the " old identities" of Maldon will remember Mr. and Mrs. Harcourt, who were always to the fore in giving their services on behalf of charity, in the way of entertainments, &c.; We regret to learn that Mrs. Harcourt is left with a very tmall portion of this world's goods. It is intended by some of her old friends to raise a private subscription for her benefit, and it is to be hoped that the old residents will endeavor to assist such a deserving case. Subscriptions will be thankfully received by Mr. R. Page or at this office. Punctually at the hour appointed, 10 o'clock, William Colston, the Narbethong murderer, was executed at the Melbourne Goal on Monday morning. It was a speedy execution, and there were very few persons present—only the officials and the representatives of the Press. Colston walked on to the drop firmly, stood just as firmly whilst the rope was put round his neck although the hangman disarranged the white cap in doing so—and iu reply to the usual question as to whether he had anything to say, said :—" I have nothing to complain of; the law has been merciful to me, and allowed me a fair tiial, and I am now ready to go to God.". A few moments were lost while Drl Shields pointed out to the hangman (who seemed to be a little flurried) that there was a twist in the belly of the rope; but Colston did not move a muscle, and, when the lever was pulled and he fell, appeared to die instantly. He was attended on the scaffold by the Rev. Mr. Mantell, of St. Phillip's Church. The execution was one of the most private and speedy ever undertaken here. Even in the street in front of the "gaol, where crowds are wont to congregate upon such occasions, there were few persons. Early on Monday morntire Rev. Mr. Scott, the gaol chaplain, had an interview with Colston, and administered consolation and comfort. There was a great change in Colston as the execution drew nigh, and he wrote a lengthy letter of a religious character to the rev. gentleman. HOLLOWAT'S PIUS.—In the complaints peculiar to females these PLLLS are unrivalled, uidr use by the fair sex has become so con stant for the removal of their ailments that rare is the household that is without them. Amongst all classes, from the domestic servant to the peeress, universal favour is accorded to these renovating PILLS ; their invigorating and purifying properties render them safe and invaluable in all cases ; they may be taken by females of aliases for any disorganization or irregularity of the system, speedily removing the cause and restoring the sufferer to robust health. As a family medicine they are unapproachable for subduing the of young and old. The Greatest Blessing.—A simple, pure and harmless remedy, that cures every time, and prevents disease by keeping the blood cure, stomach regular, kidneys and liver aptive, IS the greatest blessing ever COD fexred upon man. Dr. Soules American Hop Bitters IB that remedy, and its proirietors are being blessed by thousands who lave been saved and cured by it. Will you fry it? See column "Eafile " 