THE WORLD'S DESIRE. 'BY H. RMEH HAGKARD AND ANDREW LANG. • Jie.'t nam veto immurta em fwix't indicat tcmpus.— SKHvtiis. »h:d II., ituj. BOOK II. CHAPTER I. THE .PHOFHBTH OF THE APl'KA. — These things are not without the gods," ->aid ibe Waaderer, who was called Eperitus, when-be lxad .heard all the tale of liti the 1'riest, eon of Pames, the Head Architect, the ' Commander of the lesion of Amen. Then he . vat silent for a while and at last raised his < eyes, and looked upon the old wan. "Thou hast told a strange tale, Rei. Over • many a sea have I wandered, ana in many a land I have sojouraed. I have seen the wave ci many peoples, and have heard thevoices of the immortal Gods. Dreams have come to me and marvels have compassed me abont. It has been laid upon me to go down into Hades, that land which thou namest Amenti, and to look on thetribes of the dead; but never till i:uw have I known so strange a thing. For mark thcra, when first I saw the face of this fair tjueen of thine I thought she looked upon Hie strangely as one who knew my face. And now, Rei, if thou speakest truth, slue deems that she has met me in the ways of night and magic. Say. then, who was the man of the vitsion of the Queen, the man with dark and curling locks, clad in golden armour after the fa fb ion of-'the Achaeane whom ye name the Aqnaiusha, wearing on hie hgad a golden helm, whereon was fixed a, broken spear?" "Before me hits suchaman," taid Rei, "or •jiecchance it is a God that my eyes behold." •fNo. God jam I," 9110th the Wanderer, smiling, " though the Sidonians deemed me no less when Hie black "bow twanged and the «wift; ahaltflew. Read me the riddle, thou that art instructed." Mow thefcged priest looked 11 pontile ground, then turned his eyes upward, and with muttering lips prayed to Thoth, the God of Wisdom. And wben he had made an end of pi&yer; he «poke, " Thou art the man," he said. "Out of.the eeatbcm -bant come -to bring the doom of love on the Lady Meriamun and on thyself the doom of death. This I know; but of :therest j 1 know 'nothing. Now, I.pray thee, ohtihou! who comest in the armour of .the Noctli, ithou i whose face-is clothed in beauty.and >Who.a®t of all men the' mightiest andihaat of ill men the 1 • sweetest and most guilefulitongue,igoback, go back into the «a Whence thou earnest, and the lands whence- thou hast wandered. " tNot thus easily may men escape their J00m," quoth the Wanderer. " My death may corge, as come it must; but know this, Rei, I do not seek the love of Meriamun." "Then it well may chance that thou slialt find it} for ever those who seek love lose, and • those "who" seek not find." am come to seek another love," said the Wanderer, "and I seek her till I die." "Then! pray the Urods-that thou may est fijwHier,-and that Khem may thus be saved from sorrow. But'here in Egypt there is no woman no -fair as Meriamun, and thou must seek farther as quickly as may be. And now, Eperitus, behold I must away to do service in. the Temple of tile Holy Amen, for I am liis High Priest. But I-am commanded by Pharaoh first to bring thee to the feast at thepalaee," Then be led the Wanderer from his chamber and brought him by a side entrance to the great Palace of the Pharaoh at Tanis, near the Temple of Ptah. And first he took him to a chamber that had been made ready for him in the Palace, a beautiful chamber, richly painted with beast-headed gods and furnished with ivory chairs, and couches of ebony and silver, and with a gilded bed. Then the Wanderer went into the shining baths, and girh bathed him-and anointed him with 'fragrant oil, and crowned him-with lotus flowers. When they had bathed him they bade him lay aside his golden armour and his bow and the quiver full of arrows; but this the Wanderer would not do, for as he laid the black bow down it thrilled; .with a thin sound of war.' " So Rei led him, armed as he was, to a certain antechamber, and there, he left him, .Haying .that. lie would return again when the fea&t; -wasdone. Trumpets blared as the Wanderer. waited,"drums rolled, and' through the wide thrownsurtains swept thelovelyMeriamun and title divine Pharaoh Meneptah, with many lords arid ladies of the Court, all witfi crowded noses and with lotus blooms. > The Queen was decked in royal attire^ her chining limbs . were veiled in broidered silk; about her shoulders was a purple robe, and round her" neck and arms were rings of well-wrought gold.. Slie was stately ana splendid^ to see, with pale brows and beautiful disdainful •eyes where dreams seemed to sleep beneath the shadow of her eyelashes. On she swept in all her pride of beauty, -and behind her came the Pharaoh. He was a tall man, but ill- made and teavy-broWed, and to the Wanderer it seemed that he was heavy-hearted too, and that care and terror ot evil to come were always in his wind, Meriamun looked up swiftly. "Greeting, .stranger," she said." "Thou comest in warlike guise to grace our feast." "Metboraght, royal lady," he made answer, " that anon when I would have laid it by, this bow. of mine sang to me of present - war. Therefore am I come-armed—even to thy feast." "Has thy bow such foresight, Eperitus?" said tJie Queen. "I have heard,but.onoeof such a weapon, and that in a minstrel's tale. He came to our Court with his lyre from the Northern tsea, and he sang of the Bow of Odysseus." "Minstrel or not, than dost well to come aimed, Wanderer," said the Pharaoh ; "for if thy bow sings, my own heart matter? ipuclx to me of war to be. -^ogowjge Wanderer, however it fall out," tsaid the Queen, . , - 80 twfollowed he? and the Pharaoh till they eaxne to a splendid hall, ' carved round with linages of fighting and feasting. Here, on the painted waits, Barneses. Miamun drove the thousands of the Khita before his single -valour; here man hunted wildfowl through the marshes with a great cat for their hound. Uever had the Wanderer beheld such a hall since he supped with the Sea King of the fairy isle..- On tne "dais, raised above the rest, sat the Pharaoh, and by him Meriamun the Queen, and 1 by the Queen sat the Wanderer in the «oi olden armourof Parte, and he leaned the black too IOW agara£t his ivory chair. Now the feast went on and men ate and drank. The Queen spoke little, but she watched the Wanderer beneath the lids of her deep-fringed eyes. Suddenly, as they feasted and were merry, the doors at the end of the cliamber were thrown wide, the guards fell back in fear, and behold, at the end of the hall stood two men. Their faces were tawny, dry, wasted with desert wandering; their noses were hooked like eagles' beaks, and their eyes were yellow as the eyes of lions. They were clad in rough skins of beasts, girdled about their waists with eathern thongs, and fiercely they lifted their naked arms, and waved their wands of cedar. Both men were old, one was white-bearded, the other was shaven smooth like the priests of Egypt. As they lifted the rods on high the .guards shrank like beaten hounds, and all the guests hid their faces, save Meriamun and the wanderer alone. Even Pharaoh dam! not look on them, but murmured angrily in his beard, " By the name of Osiris," he said, " here be those soothsayers of the A puna once again. Uow death waits on those who let them pass the doors." Then one of the two men—lie who was shaven like & priest—cried with a great voice, "PharaohI Pharaoh/ Pharaoh! Hearken to the words of Jahveh. Wilt thou let the people go?" "1 will not let thein go," he answered. "Pharaoh/ Pharaoh J Pharaoh! Hearken to the word of Jahveh. If thou wilt not let the. people go, then shall all the first-born of Khem, of the Prince and the. slave, of the ox and the ass, be smitten of Jahveh. Wilt thou let the people go ?" Now Pharaoh hearkened, and those who •were at the feast rose and cried with a loud voice— "•Oh, Pharaoh ! Let the people go. Great -woeB are fallen upon Khem because of the • Aprtra. Oh, Pharaoh, let the people go!" Now Pharaoh's lieart .was softened, and he •was' minded to let the poeple go, but Meriamun turned to him and said— " Thou shalt not let the people go. It is not these slaves, nor the God of these slaves, who bring thejplagues on Khem, , but it is that strange goddess, the False Hathor, who dwells here in the city of Tanis. Be not so fearful— ever hadst thou a coward heart. Drive the False Hathor hence if thou wilt, but hold these elaves to their bondage. I still have cities that must be built, and yon slaves shall build them." Then the Pharaoh cried—" Hence! I bid ye. Hence, and to-morrow shall your }>eople "be laden with a double burden and their backs shall be red with stripes. I will not let the people go I" Then the two men cried aloud, and pointing upward with their staffs they vanished from the hall, and none dared to lay hands on them, but those who sat at the feast murniuied much. Now the Warderer marvelled why Pharaoh did not command the guards to cut down these unbidden guests who spoiled his festival. The Queen Meriamun saw the wonder in his eyes and turned to him— "Know thou, Eperitus,-"' she said, "that great plagues have come of late on this land of ours—plagues of lice and frogs and flies and darkness, and the changing of pure waters to blood. And these things our Lord the; Pharaoh deems have been brought upon us lay the curse of yonder magicians, conjurers ana priests among certain slaves who work in the land at the building of our cities. But I know •well that the curses come on us from Hathor, the Lady of Love, because of that woman who hath set herself up here in Tanis, and is worshipped as the Hathor." Why, then, oh Queen," said the Wanderer, " is this false goddess suffered to abide in your fair city, for, as I know well, the immortal gods are ever angered with those who turn from their worship to how before strange altars." "Why is she suffered'? Nay, ask of Pharaoh, my Lord. Methinks it is becau-e her lieauty is more than the beauty of women ; so the men say who have looked upon it—but I have not seen it, for only tho=e men'see it who go to worship at her shrine, and then from afar. It is not meet that the Queen of all the lands should worship at the shrine of a strange woman, come—like thyself, Eperitus—from none knows where; if indeed she be a woman and not a fiend from the Under World. But if thou wouldst learn more ask my Lord, the Pharaoh, for he knows the shrine of the False Hathor, and he knows who guards i t, and what it is that bars the way." Xow the Wanderer turned to Pharaoh, saying, Oh, Pharaoh, may I know the truth of this mystery 'C Then Meneptab looked up, and there was doubt and trouble on his heavy face. " I will tell thee readily, thou Wanderer, for perchance such a man as thou, who hast travelled in many lands and seen the faces of many gods, may understand the tale and may help me. In the days of my father, the holy Rameses Miamun, the keepers of the Temple of the Divine Hathor awoke, and lo! in the sanctuary of the temple was a woman in the garb of the Aquaiusha, who was beauty's self. But when they looked upon her none could tell the semblaaoe of ber beauty, for to .one she seemed dark and to the other fair, and to each man of them she showed an altered loveliness. She smiled upon them and sang mostsweetIy,and love entered their hearts, so that it seemed to each man that she only was hiB' heart's desire. But when any man would have come nearer and embraced her, there <wan that about her which drove him back, anil if he strove again, behold, ;he felldo(wij; dead. $0 at last the^ subdued their "hearts' and desired * her no more, but worshipped.her as the 'Hathbr come to . earth ,and - made offerings .of food and drink to her. and ,prayers. So three years passed, and at. the end of the third year the keepers of the -temple looked and the Hathbr .was gone. Nothing remained of her but a memory. "Set there were -some who said that this 1 memory .was dearer than all else that the world ihas toigive. •"(Twenty imore ^seasons went by, and I sat Upon the throne of my father, and was Lord -01 the .Double Crown. And on a day a iinesrtnger came running and cried— . " ' Sow is Hathor-come back to Khem, now -is Hathor. come back-to Khem, and, as of old, none may draw" near her beauty. 3 Then 1 •went to see, and : lo! before the Temple of Hathor a great multitude was gathered, and there on the Pylon brow stood the' Hathor's self shining with changeful beauty like the Dawn. And as of old she sang sweet songs, and to each man who heard her voice-was the voice of his Moved, living and lost to him, or dead and lost. And every man has such a grave in his heart as that whence Hathor" teemed to rise in changeful beauty. _ Month by month she sings thus, one day in every month, and many a man has sought to win her and her favour, but in the doorways are they whomeet him and press- him back; and if he still struggles on there comes a clang of swords and lie falls dead, but no wound is found on him. Now, Wanderer, this is truth, for.. I. myself have striven and have been pressed back by. that which guards her. But I alone of men who have looked on her and "heard her strove not a second time and so saved myself alive." "Thou alone of men lovest life more than the World's Desire!" said the Queen. "Thou hast ever sickened for the love of this strange Wifcch, but thy life thou lovest even better than her beauty, and thou dost not dare attempt again the adventure of. her embrace. Know, Eperitus, that-this sorrow is come upon the land, that all men love yonder witch and rave of her, and to each she wears a different face and sings in another voice. When she stands upon the Pylon Tower then thou wilt see the madness with which she has smitten them.. For they will weep .and pray and tear their hair. Then they will rush through the Temple courts and- up - to 'the Temple doors and be thrust back again by- that whieh guards. her; But some will yet' strive madly on, and thou wilt hear the clash of arms and they will fall dead before thee. Accursed is' the land,-1 tell thee, Wanderer; because of that phantom it is accursed. For it is she who brings these woes on Kham; from her, not from our slaves and their mad conjurors, come plagues, I say, and all evil things.. And till a man be found who may pass her guard, !and come face to face with the witchandslayher, plagues,, and woes'and evil things, shall be the daily bread of Khein, Perchance, Wanderer, -thou art such a man," and she looked on him" ,-straneely. "Yet if so, this is my counsel, that thou go not up against her, lest thou also be bewitched and a great man be lost to us." _ Now the -Wandeier turned the matter over in bis heart and made answer— "Perchance, lady, my strength and the favour of the gods might serve me in such a quest. But methinks that this woman is meeter for words of love and the kisses of men than to lie slain with the sharp sword, if, indeed, she be not of the number of the immortals." Now Meriamun flushed and frowned— "It is not fitting so to talk before me,"she said. "Of this be sure, that if the witch may be come at, she shall be slain and given to Osiris for a bride." Now the Wanderer saw that the Lady Meriamun was jealous of the beauty and renoun and love of her who dwelt , in the Temple, and was called the Strange Hathor, and he held his peace, for he knew when to be ftteBt* ' CHAPTER II. THE NIGHT OF DREAD. The feast dragged slowly on, for fear was of the company. Tne. men and women were silent, and when they drank it was as if on'e had poured a little oil on the dying fire. - Life flamed up in them for a moment, their laughter came like the crackling of thorns, and then they were silent again. . _ Meanwhile the Wanderer drank little, waiting to-see What should come. But the Queen was watching him whom already ber heart desired, and she only of all the company -had pleasure in this banquet. Suddenly a side door opened behind the dais, there was a stir in the hall, each guest turning his head fearfully, for all expected some evil tidings. But it was only the entrance of those who bear about in the feasts of Egypt an effigy of the dead, the likeness of a mummy carved in wood, and who cry, " Drink, O King, and be glad, thou shalt soon be even as he! Drink, and be glad.". The stiff, swathed figure^ with its folded hands. and gilded face, was brought before th King, and Meneptah who had sat long in sullen brooding silence, started wben he looked on it. Then he broke into an angry laugh. "We have little need of thee to-night," he cried, as he saluted the symbol of Osiris. " Death is near enough, we want not thy silent preaching. Death, Death is near!" He fell back in his gilded chair, and let the cup drop from his hand, gnawing his beard. "Art thou a man?" spoke Meriamun, in a low clear voice; are you men and yet afraid of what comes to all'! Is it only to-night that we first hear the name of Death ? Remember the great Men-kau-ra, remember the old Pharaoh who built the iPyramid of Hir. .He was just and kind, and he feared the gods, and for his reward they showed him Death, coming on him in six short years. Did he scowl and tremble, like all of you to-night, who are scared by the threats of slaves? 5»ay, he outwitted the gods; he made night into day; he lived out twice his years with revel and love and wine in the lamp-lit groves of peisea trees. Come, my guest, let us be merry, if it lie but for an hour. Drink, and be brave!" "For once, thou speakest well,"' said the King." Drink and forget. The Gods who give Death give wine," and his angry eyes ranged through the hall to seek some occasion of mirth and scorn. "Thou, Wanderer?" he said suddenly. "Thou drinkest not. I have watched thee as the cu]X5 go round, what man, thou earnest from the ZSorth, the sun of thy pale land has not lieat 'enough to* foster 'the vine. .'Thou seemest cold, and a drinker of water. Why wilt thou be cold before thine hour? Come, pledge me in the red wine of Khem. Bring forth the cup of Pasht 1" lie cri3d to them who waited, "bring forth the cup of Paslit: the King drinks!" Then the chief butler of Pharaoh went to the treasure-house, and came again, bearing a huge golden cup, fashioned in the forai of a lion's head, and holding twelve measures of wine. It was an ancient cup, sacred to Pasht, and a gift of the Rutennu to Thotlimes, the greatest of that name, "Fill it full of unmixed win°?" cried the King. " Dost thou grow pale at the .sig-lit of the cup, thou Wanderer from the North? I pledge thee, pledge thou me !'' "Nay, King," said the. Wanderer, 1 have tasted wine of Ismarus before to-day, and I have drunk with a wild, host, the Man Eater!" For his heart was angered by the King and lie forgot his wisdom, but the Queen marked the saying. "Then pledge me in the cup of Pasht 1" quoth the King. " I pray thee, parckm me," said the Wanderer, "for vine'makes wise men foolish and strong men weak, and to-night- methinks we shall need our wits and our strength." "Craven 1" cried the King, "give me the bowl. _ I drink to thy better courage, Wanderer," and lifting- the great golden cup, he ..stood iip and drank it, and then dropped Staggering into his chair, liis head falling on bis breast. " I may not refuse a King's challenge, though it is ill to contend with our hosts, said the Wanderer, turning somewhat pale, for he was )i anger. "Give me the bowl V Ik took the cup. and hold it high; then pour- ing a little forth to his gods, he said in a clear voice, fcr l;e was stirred ;to anger beyond his win t, " 1 drir.k to Oct Slranitc Hnlhor.'" He spoke and drained-the mighty..c;ip, and >< t it tiowji cn the board, and even as be laid (.own J he cup, and as the Queen look'-d at him with cy< h of wrath, there came from the Bow i ide his seat a faint, shrill sound, a ringing and a singir.g of the Bow, a noise of running strings, and a sound as of rushing turows. The wairior heard it, and his eyes burned with the light of battle, for lie well knew that the swift shafts shov.id soon fly to the hearts of the doomed. Pharaoh awoke and heard it, and heard it the Lady Meriamun, the Queen, and she looked on tne Wanderer astonished, and looked on the Bow that sang. '' The minstrel's tale was true ! This is -none other but the Bow of Odysseus, the sacker of cities," said Meriamun. "Hearken thou, Eperitus, thy great Iww sings aloud. How comes it that thy bow suigs?" " For this cause, Queen," said the Wanderer, " because birds gather on the Bridge of War. Soon shall shafts be flying and ghosts go down to doom. _ Summon thy guards, I bid, for foes are near." Terror conquered the drunkenness of Pharaoh; he bade the guards who stood behind his chair summon all their company. They went forth, and a great hush fell again upon the Hall of Banquets, and upon those who sat at meat therein. The silence- grew deadly still, like air before the thunder, and men s hearts sank within them, and turned to water in their breasts. Only Odysseus wondered and thought on the battle to be, though whence the foe might come he knew not, and .Meriamun sat ^rect in her ivory chair and-lotiked down the glorious hall. , Deeper grew the silence and deeper yet, and more and more the cloud of fear gathered in the hearts of men. Th^p.&iiddenly; through all the hall there was a rush like the rush of mighty wings. The deep_ foundations of the palace rocked, and to-the feighc-of men the-roof above seemed to burst asunder, and lo! above them, against the inky blackness '"of the sky,' there swept a shape of fear, and the stars shone through its raiment. . Then the roof closed in -again, and for a Moment's space once more there was silence, whilst men looked with white faces, each 011 each, and even the stout heart of the Wandererstood stilL Then suddenly all adown the hall, from tlvis place and from that, men ro'se up and with one. great cry fell down dead, this one across the board, and that one on the floor. The Wanderer grasped his . bow and counted. .From among those who sat at meat twenty and one had fallen dead. Yet those -who lived sat gazing emptily, for so stricken with fear were they that scarce did each one know if it was. lie himself *who lay dead or liis brother who. had sat by his side. '' But Meriamun looked down the hall \tith cold eyes, for she feared neither death nor life, nor God nor man. . - • Ahd wliile she looked, and while the Wanderer counted, there rose a faint murmuring sound from the city without, a sound tliat grew and grew,' the thunder of myriad feet that ran before the death of Kings.. Then the doorsburstasunderanda woman passed through them in her- .night robes, and in her arms she bore the naked body.of a bov. . ."Pharaoh !" she cried, "Pharaoh, and thou, O Queen, look upon thy son—thy firstborn son —dead is thy son. Pharaoh! Dead is thy son, O Queen! In my arms he died as I lulled him to his rest," and .she laid the body of the child down on the board among the vessels of gold, among the garlands of lotus flowers and the beakers of rose-red wine. ;Then Pharaoh rose and rent his purple robes and : wept. aloud, and Meriamun rose- too, and her eyes were terrible with wrath . and grief. /'See now the curse that this evil woman, this false Hathor, hath brought ujxm us," she said. But tlie guests sprang up citing, "It is not the Hathor whom we worship, it is not the holy Hathor, it is the gods of those dark Apura whom thou, O Queen, wilt not. let-go. X)n. thy head and the head Of Pharaoh be it," and even as they cried the murmur without grew to a shriek of woe, a shriek so wild and terrible that the palace walls' rang. Again that shriek rose, and yet a third time, never was sueli a cry heard in.Egypt And, now for the first time in all liis days the face of the Wanderer grew white with fear, and in fear of heart he prayed for succour to his goddess—to Aphrodite, the daughter of Dione.. . Again the doors behind them burst open, and the guards flocked in—mighty men of many foreign lands, but now their faces were wan, their eyes stared wide, and their jaws hung down. But at the sound of the clanging of. their harness the strength of the Wanderer came back "to him again, for' the Jg6ds and. their vengeance be feared, but not thevsword of man. And now once more the Bow sang aloud. He grasped.it, he bent.it with (his mighty lcnee, and strung ; it, crying-^ f' Awake, Pharaoh, awake! Foes draw on. Say, be these all the men ?" i£hen the Captain answered, " These be all of the guard who are left living in the Palace. The rest are stark,: smitten by the angry gods." Now as the Captainjspake one came running up the hall, heeding neither the dead nor the living. It was the old Priest Kei, the Commander of the Legion'of' Amen, who bad been the Wanderer's guide, and' his^looks were wild with fear.' , "' "Hearken, Pliarfioh !,". he .cried, ' thy people lie dead by thousands in the: streets—the houses are full of dead. In the temples of Ptali and of Amen many of the priests have fallen dead also." " Hasttllou more to tell, old man 5"' cried the Queen. . *''fhe tale has not all been told, O Queen. The soldiers are mad with fear and with the sight of death, -and slay their cajJtains > barely have I escaped from those in my command of the Legion of Amen. For they swear that tills death has been brought apon the land beoatise Pharaoh would not the Apura go. Hither, then, they come to slay Pharaoh, and thee, also, O Queen, and with them come many thousands _ of people catching up such arins as lie to their hands." Now Pharaoh sank down groaning, but the Queen%pake to the Wanderer— " Ahon thy weapon sang of war, Eperitus ; now war is at the gates." "Little I fear the rush of "battle and the blows men deal in anger, Lady," he made answer, "though a man may fear tiie gods without shame. Ho, Guards I close up, close up round me! Look not so palefaoed now death from the gods is done with and we ha\e but to fear the sword of men." So great was his mien and so glorious his face as he cried thus and one by one drew his long arrows forth and laid them on the board, that the trembling guards took heart, and to the number of fifty and one ranged themselws on the edge of the dais in a double line. Then they also made ready their bows and loosened the aiTows in their quivers. Now from without their came a roar of men, and anon, while those of the house of Pharaoh, and of the guests and nobles, who sat at the feast and yet lived, fled behind the soldiers, the brazen doors were burst in with mighty olows, and through them a great armed multitude surged along the hall. There came soldiers broken from their ranks. There came the embalmers of the dead ; their hands were overful of -work to-night, but they left their work undone; death had smitten some even of these, and their fellows did not shrink back from thein now. There came the smith, black from the forge ; and the scribe, bowed with endless' writing; " and' the. dyer with his purple hands; and the fisher from the stream; aud the stunted weaver from the loom ; and i-he-.-leper from the Temple Spates. They were madwith lustof life, astarvling life that the King had taxed when lie let not the Apura go. They were mad with fear of death : their women followed them with dead children in their arms. They smote flown the golden furnishings, they tore the silken hangings, they c-ast the empty cups of the feast at the. faces of trembling ladies, and cried aloud for tlie blood of the King. "Where is Pharaoh," they yelled, "show as Pharaoh and the Queen Meriamun, that we may slay tliem.. Dead are'oivr .firstborn ; they lie in heaps as the fish lav'when Sihor ran reel with blood. Dead are . they Ijecause of the curse that has been brought upon us by the prophets of the Apura, whom Pharaoh and Pharaoh's Queen yet hold in Khem.-' Now as they cried.they saw Pharaoh Meneptah cowering behind the double line of guards, and they saw the Queen Meriamun who cowered not but stood silent above the din. Then she thrust her way through the guards, :uid jet holding the naked body of the l;.»y to ber breast, stood before them with eyes that flashed more brightly than the Unieus crown upon her brow. "Back," she eried, "back. Tt is not Pharaoh, it is not I, who have brought this death upon you. For we, too, have death here 1" and she held up the body of her dead son. "It is that False Hathor Vhom ye woi-ship, that witch of many a voice and many a face who turns your hearts faint with love. For her .sake ye endure these woes; on her head.is all this death. Go, tear her temple stone from stone, and rend her beauty limb from limb, and be avenged and free the laud from curses." A moment the people stood and hearkened, muttering, as stands the lion that :sab.>'it to spring, wliile those who pressed without cried, " Forward! Forward ! Slay them: Slay them!" Then as with one voice thev screamed— " The Hathor we love, hut yon we hate- ;'<»• ye liave brought these woes iipon us and ve sliall die." They cried, they brawled, they c-:tst fontstools and stones at the guards, and then a certain tall man among them drew a bow. Straight at the Queen's fair breast h^ aiv.v'd ' his arrow and swift and true it s;ied towards She saw th? Hght glemn ?'ts shir^'rg barb, and then she did what no woman .but Menaniun would have done, no not to save ]>e)x-!f from death - -sue held out the naked "ttody ol her son as a warrior holds a shield. The arrow struck through and through it, piercing the tender flesh, aye, and pricked h>>ibreast beyond, so that she let the d»uci b)v iaiL The Wande:< : :' sr-v it a;id woiuk-red at ihe horror of u;e<ieed. Then shouting alojd the terrible war ciy ot the Achasans he leapt upon the upon the board before hirn, and as He leapt his gciden armour clanged. 'jJancing arovmd, he fixed an arrow to the string and <!:"W to liis ear that gre.it bow which noue but he might so much as bend. Then as he loosed the sti- iug sang like a swallow, and the shaft screamed through the air. Down the glorious hall it sped, and full on the breast of him who had lifted bow against tlse Queen thejbitter arrow struck; nor might liis harness avail to stay it. Through the "body of him it passed, and with blood-red feathers_ flew on, and smote another who stood behind him, so that his knees also were loosened, and together they fell dead upon the floor. Now while the people stared and wondered, again the bowstring sang like a swallow, again the arrow screamed in its flight, and he who stood before it got his death, lor the shield he wore was pinned to his breast. Then wonder turned to rage: the multitude rolled forward, and from either side the air grew dark with arrows. For the guards at fught of the shooting of the Wanderer found heart and fought well and manfully. Boldly also the slayers came on, and behind them pressed many a hundred men. The Waderer's golden helm flashed steadily, a beacon in the storm. Black smoke burst out in the.Iiall, the hangings flamed and "tossed in a wind from the open door. The lights were struck from the hands of the golden images, arrows stood thick in the tables and the rafters, a spear pierced' through the golden cup of Pasht. But out of the darkness and smoke and dust, and the cry of battle, and through the rushing of the rain of arrows, sang the swallow string of the black bow.of Eurytum and "the long shafts shrieked as they sped on them who were ripe to die. In vain did the shafts of the slayers smite upon that golden harness. They were but as nailupon the Temple roofs, but as driving snow" upon the wild stag's horns. They struck, tney rattled, and down they dropped like snow, or bounded back and lay upon the board. The black bow twanged, and the bitter, arrows shrieked as they flew. Now all the Wanderer's shafts were spent, and he judged that tbeir ease was desperate. For out of the doors of the hall that were behind them, and from the chambers of the women, armed men burst in also, taking them on the flauk and real*. But the Wanderer was old in war and without a match in all its ways. The Captain of the Guard was slain with a spear stroke, and the Wanderer took-liis place, calling to the men, such of them as were left alive, to form 'a circle 011 the dais, aud within the circle he set those of the house of.. Pharaoh and the women who were at the feast.' But to Pharaoh he cast a slain man's sword, bidding him strike for life and throne if he never -struck before ; lint the heart was out of Pharaoh because of the deatii of his son. and the wine about his wits, and the terrors he had seen. Then Meriamun the Queen snatched the sword from his trembling hand and stood holding it to guard heriife. For she disdained to crouch upon the ground ' as did the other wpinen.-but stood uprightljeliind the Wanderer, and heeded not the spears and arrows that dealt death on every hand. Put Pharaoh stood, his face buried in his hands. Now the slayei-s came .011,. shouting and clambering upon the dais. Then the Wanderer rushed on them with sword drawn, and shield on high, and so swift he smote that men might not guard, for they saw as it were three swords aloft at once, and the silver-liafted sword bit deep, the gift of Pliaeaeiau Euryalus long a;*o. The guards also smote, and thrust; it;was for their lives they fought, and back rolled the tide of foes, leaving a swathe of dead. So .'a second time they, came on .and a second time were rolled back. [Now of the defenders-few were left unhurt, and their strength was well-uigh -spent. But tlie Wanderer cheered them with great'words, though his'heart grew'feaiful for the end';'and Meriamun the Queen also bade them be- of good courage, and if need be die like men. 'Then once again-the wave of war rolled in upon them, and fierce and desperate grew the strife. The iron hedge of spears was well-nigh broken, arid now the Wanderer, doing such deeds as had not been known in Khem, stood alone between Meriamun the Queen and-the swords that thirsted for her life and the life of Pharaoh. Then of a sudden from far down the great hall of banquets there came a loud cry that rose above the clash of swords, the. groans of men, ahd all the din battle. f'Phartioh ! Phdrauoh 'Pharaoh .'" rose a voice. ' Wilt thou now let the people go? Then he who smote) stayed his hand, and he who guarded dropped his shield. The battle ceased, and all turned to look. There at the end of the hall among the dead and dying ttfere stood the two ancient men of the Apura., and in their hands were cedar rods. " It is the wizards—the wizards of the Apura," men cried, and shrunk this way and tbeit, thinking no more on war. "Che ancient men drew nigh. ?*o heed took they of the dying or the dead ; on they walked through blood and wine and fallen tables and scattered aims till they stood before Pharaoh. •" Pharaoh ! Pharaoh ! Pharaoh.'" they cried again. "Dead are the firstborn of Khem at the hand of Jahveh. Wilt thou let the people %Then Pharaoh lifted liis faibe and cried— " Get you gone—you and' all that is yours.' G£t you gone swiftly, and let Khem see your face 110 more." The people heard, and the living left the hall, and silence fell on the city and on th^ dead who died of the sword, and the dead who died of the pestilence. Silence fell, and sleep, find the Goa's best gift—forgetfulness. THE NEGRO BABY'S FUNERAL. I was walking in Savannah, past a Church decayed and dim, When there slowly through the windows' came a plaintive faneral hymn; And the sympathy awakened, and a wonder quickly • ! crew, Till I found myself environed in a little negro pew, Oat at front a coloured couple sat in sorrow, nearly wild; On the a]tar was a coffin, in tlie coffin was a child. I could picture him when living—curly hair, protruding lip— And had seen perhaps a thousand in my hurried Southern trip. But no baby ever rested in the soothing arms of death That had fanned more flames of sorrow with his little fluttering breath; And 110 funeral ever glistened with more sympathy profound Than was in the chain of teardrops that enclasped those mourners round.) Bose a sad, old colonred preacher at the little wooden desk— With a manner giandly awkward, with a counten- . ance grotesque; With simplicity and shrewdness on his Ethiopian face; With the ignorance and wisdom of a crushed, undying race. And he said—" Mow, don' be weepin' for dis pretty hit o' clay— For de little boy who lived dere, he's done gone an' runaway!. .. He was doin' very finely, an' he 'predate your love; lint his sure 'nufi Father want himinde large house up above. " Now, He didn't-sive you that-baby, by a hundred thousan' mile 1 . He just think you need some sunshine, an'.He lent it for a while! An' He let you keep an' love \fc till your hearts were bigger grown; Ait' dese silver tears your sheddiris jest de interes' on de loan. " Here's yer »der pretty childrun!r-doan' he makin' \- it appear Dat your love got sort- o' 'noptilised by dis little fellow here; ' . , Don' pile up- too much your sorrow oh dere little mental shelves, - So's to kind «' set 'em wonderin* ifdey're no account demselves. " Justly mi think, you poor deal) mounalis, creepin" • long o'er Sorrow's way. What, a'blessed little picnic dis yere babv's got to-. ; day! Ypur sood faders anil good moders crowd de little fellow roAnd In de angel- tended garden oh de big Plantation- Ground. "An'dey ask "him, 'Was your feet sore?' an' take" oti" his little shoes, An' dey wash him, an' dey kiss" him, an' dey say—' . ' >iow what's de newsy' An' de Lawd done cut his tongue loose, den dc littlefellow say— • All our folks dowu in the valley tries to keep de liebberQy way/ . An' liis eyes dey brightly sparkle ar de pretty things he view: Den a tear come an' he whisper -' Hut-1 want my parents too'.' Bnt de Angel Chief Musician teacli dat hoy a little song- Says 'If only dey be fait'ful dey will soon be comin' •long.' " An' hell get an education dat will pr.ibahly be worth Seberal times as much as any you could buy for liiui on earth; He'll be in de Lawd's big schoolbouse, widout no contempt or fear; Wliile deres no end to the bad tings might have happened to liim here. "So, my pooalr dejected mouuahs, let your hearts wid Jesus rest. An' don't, go to ciitorcisin* dat ar One w'at knows the best; Heliave sent us many comforts—He have right to take away— To the I.awd be praise an' glory now and ever! us prnv!" Wu.i, CARI.V.TON. To CURE SKIN DISEASES.—Sulphoiine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Plotches, Redness, and Disfigurements, leaving a clear spotless skin. Bottles. Sold everywhere. «93thse 