WHO AND WHAT WAS IT? . A FSTCB0L06ICAL FMOMOff; The Colonel's Guardian. An^el. sr.- HOSTS! What fudge! Ko " one really believes in them, you know, Gyneth," said young Gilbert Mallandaine, "5==5, - handing his\ yeliow-liairca | cousin a plate, whereon Were half a dozen chestnuts roasted to a turn. "He jests at scars who never felt a wound," quoted a soft-toned voico from the deep gloom of the chimney corner, and the words were said so gravely that everyone looked across towards Colonel Egcrton. Gyneth, with her ydlow hair and her hazel eyes, had an eager wistful expression on her delicate features; and as she tried to pierce the gloom, a tongue of flame leaped up from the yule log in the wide chimney, and momen tarily illumined a dark, handsome face. Then . the flame sank, and a silence fell on the little V party. There were not many of them, though \- it was Christmas Eve, and generally Christ mas was kept in fine old style at Hallandaine Hall; hut Sir Edward's sister had died quite recently; so the home circle, Sir Edward and his son and daughter, was only increased hy I the presence of Gyneth's cousin Gilbert, home from Oxford; Colonel Egerton, a friend of ten i years' standing; and a sister of Sir Edward's I dead. wife. Between Gyneth and Colonel 1 Egerton there had always existed a perfect understanding, from the time he first knew Sir Edward and his family, when Gyneth was a J child and sat on the colonel's knee. His affec tion for the cliild was singularly strong and tenacious. Sir Edward often thought there must be some deeper reason for this than Gyneth's beauty and charm, for sometimes the colonel would look into the child's eyes as if he were trying to read there some answer to a , question in his own heart, and then he would j strain herto^liim, and so hold her for minutes.. ~ with his face bowed down on her sunny head. This was only when he thought himself quite J alone with Gyneth, and the child never spoke of such moments, nor did Sir Edward ever J " question his Mend concerning his love for the i little maiden. Gyneth was not a child now in years, but she was in heart, or she thought she was. In the winter gloaming these people, ^ all bound together by the ties of close affection, gathered round the yule log in the great dining-room, and toasted chestnuts and talked in desultory fashion till someone—Gyneth's brother, Dlgby—suggested a ghost story, and so called forth Gilbert's jesting exclamation. "But, Colonel Egerton''—young Oxford first broke the silence—"you don't mean that you believe in ghosts?" "."Why not?" " Oh! you're joking." "Ho, I'm very serious. Ton can't under stand a man of forty believing such nonsense; i but there is such a thin"*, you know, as the j scepticism of ignorance and inexperience." Gilbert looked rather ashamed, and coloured high. The colonel saw this, foryoung Hallan daine satin the full light of the fire—and then changed his tone, for ne was as tender-hearted as a woman, and conld not endure to give pain; "I beg your pardon," be said, with that noble courtesy which never shrinks from owning a fault, however young or humble be the person offended. "I allowed my personal | feeling to run away with nie just now. This ; is a sacred subject with me, and I own it gives me a kind of pain to hear it ridiculed by those who only repeat what they hear." "I'm so sorry, Colonel Egerton," said j Gilbert penitently. " I didn'tlaiow " "Ho, no, Gilbert. How should you know? You were thoughtless, though not more so than many of your elders. People say "seeing is believing, but some people see, and yet they won't believe." "I fancy I should," said Gilbert, "but, Colonel Egerton, did yon ever see a ghost ?" ' "No," he answered in a low tone, '*1 never sawone." Again Gyneth looked up with that eager, wistful look, hut she said nothing. "Bat you have known something," said Gilbert, no longer joking but earnest, "that makes you speak as yon do." "Gilbert," whispered sensitive Gyneth, " don't ask him. It is something he doesn't like to talk about." "If I thought——" Colonel Egerton began and paused. A strange feeling of expectancy, almost of awe, hung over the little circle. Ho one spoke. "If I thought," the colonel went on, "that my experience would help anyone here to speak and to think reverently of mysteries which link the material with the spiritual world, I would speak to you of that which has never yet passed my lips. The rela tion will give mc some pain, but some happi ness also." "Oh, Colonel Egerton!" exclaimed Gilbert and Digby, almost in a breath, "don't tell us if you would rather not." "If you are willing to listen," "the soldier began gently. "Ah! you know how we should like to hear," was quickly spoken by all, Sir Edward joining in, all except Gyneth. She held her breath, and her heart throbbed; but she said nothing. Involuntarily they all drew closer together, and Gilbert, the sceptic, glanced. over his shoulder at the dark room bemud him. In the brief pause Gyneth rose from her seat and went softly towards tho colonel. Ho had certainly made no sign, to her, "and she^ could not see his face, he was so deep in the shadow; , "but as she came round to his side, ho looked tip in the fair young1 face, taking her hand in his. ..44 "What made you como to me?" ho whis pered " How did you know I wanted you f'' I 441 cannot tell," she said ; "but you did want me-^-didn't you?" - / 44 Ah ! yes, yes; I cannot speak, hot of this, unless you are by my side." ^ There was room on the settee; he drew the girl down by him, and put his arm round her. She trembled—she knew not why, hut she felt that he trembled more, and his heart heat heavily. He seemed to he very strongly agitated hut ho mastered himself—he was a man in whom self-command was second nature —and then he began, speaking in a low, clear i t°no : 1 " You all know that my mother was a Ger man, and that in the Franco-German war I served in one of tho regiments tinder the Crown Prince Friedricli TVilhelm, 4I7nser Fritz.' I have told you many of my ex periences, hut of this oue never until this ■ evening. ^ \ 4'Ina sharp skirmish with French troops near a village called Gencirau I was severely wounded, and after being found on tho field by some of the French I was taken to the ambu lance, where I was tended by the surgeon as if I had been a friend instead of an enemy. The nurses in this ambulance were all Sisters of Charity, and I was one of four patients placed specially under the care of Seem* Fose Marie. She was, I suppose, about 25 years old, and if I say she was a lovely woman, I say what sounds merely conventional, because no words could describe a beauty like hers. It was the beauty of a saint. Pose Marie was a saint. She might have been one of the five hand maidens " TVhose names Are five sweet symphonies. "I used to think sometimes she was, and called-her-Eosa3ys.—I'told--her_why ono day, and she reproved me. In her own eyes she was a sinner; but we smiled if she said this. Did I love Pose Marie ? Love her! No, not as we understand love between men' and women; she was a nun; and she was as far above all eartlily passions as heaven is above earth. I worshipped her—I loved her with a love ideal, pure, as if she had been the em bodied saint I half believed her to be. But she possessed my whole being; she will always possess it. She changed the whole current of my life and thought; and she loved me as a saint may love a sinner, not as a woman loves a man. * Heaven and my own soul know all I owe to Pose Marie." j He paused a moment; his hand sought j Gynetli's, and clasped it very close. That ! seemed to give him strength. "He went on: "The time came that my wounds were | healed. I must go out from heaven to earth. I must leave Pose Marie. * •'\\* 44 4 Shall we ever be together again V I said, when we parted. " '"We shall always be together,' she answered. 'Heaven gave us to each other. We cannot be parted.' " I understood her, and, even in ray terrible I grief, I was comforted. "I never saw Pose Marie again. In the | awful time of the commune she was in Paris, compelling the adoration of even the fierce : atheist communards by the sublimity of her character—the perfection of her self-abnega tion. She walked fearlessly amid the tumult of the streets to seek the wounded and dying; and one day a stray shot—the lowest of the murderous crew would not have wilfully harmed her—struck her, and she fell. She was carried into the nearest place—a church—and so died, as she would have wished to die, before the altar, in the very presence of God." He bowed his head, and scarcely the whisper passed Ills Hps, "Pose Marie, my saint, my good, my hope, we shall meet face to face one day!" No one spoke; tho flames flickered and rippled softh*. There was a kind of awe over the little gathering. It seemed as if tills sainted nun were among them. Colonel Egcrton went on. "Years passed over, and after much travel ling and foreign service, I found myself at last once more in London. It was shortly before I had the great happiness of knowing you." He spoke as to all; but instinctively, involuntarily, he drew Gyneth's fair head against his breast, as if in his heart tho words were for her. "I was not at that time very well off, and I could not afford to lire at a hotel or even in the best class of apartments. I was obliged to look out for rooms in a central port of London, where I could get space and comf->rL at a moderate rent. After hunting about Mir a day or two without finding what I wanted, I called at a house in Doughty street, near , the Foundling Hospital. The door was opened to mc. by a man of whom I took no particular notice, but I was not very agreeably impressed by him. However, I inquired fcr what I wanted—a drawing-room floor—and lie informed me theirs was to let, naming the rent that came within, my means. ' I will send my wife up to you,' he said, and in a minute or two Mrs. Burton—that was the name—appeared. She was a neat-looking woman of perhaps 45—the husband was older —but her manner was exceedingly effusive, and she never looked straight at you when she spoke to yon. However, one is not dis posed to be hypercritical about landladies; the rooms suited me, and I took them and went in the same evening. "I had at that firno a great deal of writing to do. I was editing a Look written by a brother officer, wlio had been killed, and as his family were left badly off, and depended on thosalo of tho work, I was anxious to get it ready for the publishers as soon as possible. There was no writing table in my sitting-room. I bought one, and soon had all my.papers arranged and ready to commence work. Among the things bclongiug to my friend of which I had taken chargo was a small iron casket, such as is often used for keeping money in. In this casket, however, there was no money, but things more precious to tho dead man's family, poor though they were—his medals, and two or three rings, ' valuable only because they were his. Ho had hogged mo to keep his casket until I could deliver it into his wife's own hands, which, as she was at present abroad, I could not yet do. I was arranging my papers, <fcc., in tlie various drawers of the table, when Mrs. Bur ton camo up to lay tho supper. Tho iron casket stood upon tho writing table, and in moving it to get at some book near it the medals , inside clinked together.. I did not observe whether Mrs. Burton noticed cither the casket or tho clinking sound; I was not looking at her, and went on with ray employment, pre sently placing the casket in one of the table drawers, which I locked. But by this time my landlady had left the room. I was very tired that night, and went to bed early, locking my door as I usually do in. hotels or apartments, a habit I contracted from travelling in places where one has sometimes to keep a loaded revolver handy at night," • Gyneth shuddered a little, and drew a quick 1 breath. Colonel Egerton looked down tenderly at tho sweet young faco resting against him, and his heart beat faster. He went on: . ; "The next day I commenced work. I heard casually from Mrs. Burton in the morning that that there were no other lodgers in tho house besides myself, and there did not appear to be any servant. So much tho better, I thought, that I was alono in the house. "My writing-table was so placed that the door of the room was behind mo. After supper I —I had been busy all day—I sat reading for a while, to give my brain a rest, and then I com menced work again. "It was by this time past 11 o'clock, and my landlord and his wife usually went to bed at 10 —so Mrs. Burton had told me. She had been up to ask me if I wanted anything more, and had bidden me good night in her effusive manner; so here I was alone, quiet within and ■ quiet without, for Doughty street being de | fended by gates, jealously guarded by the in habitants, has no through traffic. "It was not likely an old campaigner like ; me would feel nervous at being alone late at j night,-awake when all the rest of the world was asleep: but~Tiumk—the brain" isalways j more or less excited under such conditions, and I had been working all dav, and was working now. " 0 ^ "I heard some clock striking 12, and was just drawing out my watch to compare it with the clock, when a sudden draught made me instinctively look round. The door was open. jSot wide open, nor a little ajar, but about half way open. It gave mc, just for tlie moment, an eene feeling, as they say in the north, to see this. There is something startling in a door quietly opening, apparently of its own accord : you have a sort of inexplicable feeling that something has come in. But of course such a feeling was but transitory. Most of these old housesm the West Central district have suuk a ■ S"°od deal, and in lodging-houses the catches of the doors are often imperfect. Probably Sirs. | , n°t shut the door close when she leit the room to go -to her own, and it had ; simply come open. I went and shut it, noticing as I did so that it was a strong catch I made sure, therefore, that the door would'not °P?f and returned to my table. 'But even as I resumed my scat another feeling came over me—a feeling that made me J. may say compelled me to—turn round once more and survey the room, my heart seeming to cease beating. - . , 1 ""as no lonSer 'done. That was what X lelt. My.cyes assured me that the weird im pression was only a nervous disturbance of a perhaps over-excied brain. There was no one m the room, and no place where even a child could have concealed itself. JIv gaze, from ? ■' 1 m aU die apartment con tained—chairs, tables, small chiffonier—all proaiac arid commonplace, after the approved lodging-house standard—no grim cabinets or sweeping draperies—nothing to suggest nnr romantic; as the supernatural. I turned back to my writing, ashamed of myself. Iw.?teWed Hke some superstitious «inri! ir J stuffed her head with the stones in Mrs Crowe's 'Night Side of Nature.' I, a soldier, who had watched hy the dying on im» ^ s- t al niSht- to tremble at an imagination of my own disturbed fancy! So I sabi:nf„dtleItook vra bookth!" •£- fie ^t iraS" SCalX!WUS °Ut 60mC "Began searching—that is, tried to be-in searching. X could not do it. I had us it were, mentally endeavoured to shout' down the feehng that I was not alone, as a 1bad rcasoner will endeavour to crush a lo-ical succeeded Tho°f '°r"' B,ltI lla3,10t succeeded Tho feeling remained : it grew • it I»9sc^sed mc with an ovenvhelming strath'. I roi),b'i "o"1"8' th.o mail • longing to look behind me "t fC0??s °f ,lavinS something «;TiienItrVt^'lxSrv^ KTOWing white, tho drops stood on my brow k"a'd Y-°eC Wef. IsprangT^fit^ft^C sM'Saaea; Taa fco"'conc, who and ;f '.r, ,n hetvcii s name ? I tried to call its ,limy fancy, I was excited, wmvorkc" know 'that I"*aU tl,c ti,ne 1 fclti loss a reality bccauso it was not tangible. Soma liorsonality besides my own was in that room, whether of man or woman I could not tell, and in what part of the room I could not toll, but it was there. . ' ,■ "The sense of this unseen prcsenco para lysed mo. If I could only liavo seen my unbidden companion, but to know I was in an invisiblo presence filled mo with mailable dread. I might touch accidentally this form less .form, ■ and it might como close to mo where I stood—might touch mo Oil! tho agony of tlioso minutes. IVhy had this preseuco como to mo? Or had it como ; to mo ? If I could only see it!—if I could only sec it! " I cannot tell how long it was before a now feeling stolo into my heart—a feeling that tho visitation was beneficent,and not malignant, that for somo good purposo it was permitted, and with that feeling cumo a sudden thrill of joy, a wild, strange liopo that shaped itself almost into sound, tho sound of a name always in my thoughts—' Eoso Mario!' She had said slio would be always with me. I know that there was ,comnumion between, her spirit and mine; slio among tho sainted dead ever prayed for me, and I, morniug and evening, asked her prayers for me. Was it now given to her to come to mo in spiritual presence ? Oh! to seo I her, to seo her once more! * Hose Marie, * I whispered, sinking on iny.knees' *11080 Marie, let my ores heliold you!' But there was only tho blank space. 1 saw nothing." "I don't know, if I fainted, or what hap pened exactly. Tho next thing I remember is half-lying on tho couch, and thero was the room as I had left it and tho lights burning ; hut I was alone. That unseen presence had gone. Had I been dreaming ? I asked myself that question ; and some of you perhaps think X luid. Hear me still, if. you have patience to listen to the end." " Oh! please go ou," in eager whispers from the intent group. . Gynetk's littlo hand trembled in the clasp that held it, but she was silent. "The next day," said Colonel Egerion, "I scarcely saw Mrs. Burton. It seemed to me as if she held aloof; hut I was too much absorbed in thoughts of my last night's ex perience to be troubled with conjectures about my landlady. I dreaded tho night, for I had to sit up. late, or it would be impossible to finish work .which. I had promised to'the publishers that week. Sirs. Burton, when she brought up the tea, asked me if I should be up late. * lou must get so tired, sir,' she remarked. "1 replied that I was accustomed to long hours of work, and I should certainly have to sit up that night. . " Before I proceeded to work, I moved my table a little more out from the wall," so that I could sit facing the doori Then I settled my- . ..self resolutely took- oufc- my books_and papers, arid began to wTite. . \ ' "An hour passed, and though I own I had frequently raised my eyes to the door, it had . not moved. Twelve o'clock struck, the witch- * nig hour,' and still nothing disturbed me, and .; I began to feel secure—almost to persuade my self that I had, after all, last night, fallen : asleep and dreamt all that had happened. 5. "Even as that thought crossed me, suddenly, J silently, the door opened just as it had done > lust night, just so wide and no wider. If felt the blood in my veins turn to ice; the-* pen fell from my hands; I sat petrified, and again I knew that I was not alone, once more ~| that mysterious invisible presence was with. ; me. Why was I thus haunted ? Meoham- • cally, at last—I knew not how . many minutes had passed—I rose, with some vague intention, intention of going to shut the door, when I saw a fiash of a white, drawn, horrified face, with ; glassy eyes staring wildly into the room.' Before X had time to recognise that face, there, was a hoarse, half-stifled cry, and a body fell forward heavily into tho apartment, and lay* prone on the floor. I sprang forward ; there; was nothing supernatural, here—the cry, tho face, and form were human. I beheld, to my j unutterable amazement, the countenance of my landlord, and as I bent over him—he was in a species of fit—I saw by his side—evidently baring dropped from liis hand—a long knife I Great heavens! I saw it all now. That mysterious presence was, indeed, heaven- sent. This wretched man' had meant to murder me! In one flash of memory I recalled the casket, and that Mrs. Burton had seen it. Tho miser able couple supposed that casket contained money, and had planned to assassinate mo as I sat alone at work. But how' had mv unseen visitor saved me? Had this wretcHcd mur derer seen what-was invisible to me ? I busied myself to restore the man to his senses, and presently succeeded. Ho opened his eyes and glared wildly around him. "'The woman!' ho muttered. 'Is sho gone ? .The woman !' " In intense excitement I asked him, ' "What woman ? "Whom did you see ?' "He shuddered violently, and raised him self a little. 'The woman,' ho said faintly, ' the nun who sat there and looked at me.' '' At these words I, fell on my knees, and raised my clasped hands to heaven. 'Hoso Marie,'1 cried; ' Rose Mario!' "Promising this man to tako no steps to punish him for his intended crime, I induced him to tell me tho wholo truth. These arc almost his very words, for I wroto them down whilo thoy were fresh in my memory "' My wife and I were on tlio vergo of ruin, wo could not pay the rent. : T«o landlord threatened to put iu the brokers. The day you came my wife saw an iron casket on your {.able, anil heard a chink within it ns of money. You put it in one of the tablo drawers. Wo were desperate, and tho opportunity wate ready to my hand. How easy to stub you as you ant up writing, arid so ar raugo matters that your death should seem to lie suicide! That niirlit I crept to your room; but as I approached the door I saw that it was open, and peeping in, I beheld *a lady sitting in nil armchair, with her faco turned towards me. She was very beautiful, deadly pale, with large, steady brown eyes. Sho was. dressed liko a Sister of Charity. I thought it very strange you should have stick a visitor, and at that'hour, and sit with your buck turned towurds her; but I dared not enter, and stole away thinking the nun did not see wo. I would try to-night. And to-night when I camo near, again the door was open.* I peeped cautiously, and there in the samo placo sat the same woman—the nun. Her eyes wet wine—they seemed to read wy bouI—I know then it was no creature of ilcsh and blood I saw; my fear and agony overcame me, and I fell. It was that nun—ghost or vision, or whatever it was—who saved your life!' " That is tho story of my experience," said Colonel Egcrton, after a few moments* silence, during which , his listeners hardly seemed to breathe. ""Why it was denied to me to see this sainted being, so ineffably dcartoine, Ho knows who sent her to save me from an awful death; hut will. anyone who hears mcdoubt that tho woman whom this guilty man saw ihoso two nights was tho spirit of Hose Mario ? "Will anyone still scolf at tho belief that the dead may sometimes return to earth ?" It was Gilbert-Mallandainc who spoke softly out of tho darkness. "lam one," he said, " who will never again scoff. You have con / verted me. I believe as you believe." Gyneth trembled in the clasp that enfolded her. "Oh 1" die whispered brokenly, "if Rose Mario had not come to you!" It was dark, quite dark now in the room, save for a dull rod glow on the hearth, for the logs had burnt low, and no one liad thought of stirring them ; all were too absorbed in listen ing' to the strange narrative of their old friend. Colonel Egerton bent over the young face, dimly outlined to him in the gloora. "You are lileo, Rose Marie," ho whispered. "You have hazel eyes like hers, and.-sometimes her spirit seems to look at me through those eyes. Thai is why I love you, Gyneth—that is why I have always loved you.'* Gyneth knew now—she had felt, without knowing, more than once that evening that she was n child no longer. "Youseeni to belong to me," the colonel whispered again. "I felt, tho first day I saw * you, that you were mine—that one day you would be wholly mine. Is it so, Gyneth?" He hent lower, and his lips met hers. There was no need for her to speak; she answered him without words, as ho folded her close to his heart, and it seemed to him, as he raised his eyes, that a shadowy form in mui*s garh stood near him, and smiled with steadfast hazel eyes into his. That might have been his fancy —the pictured vision, of his soul; hut he knew that Rose Mario was with him in very close ; communion. that night, and it maybe he saw. her in actual presence. Why not?—Glasgow Weekly Herald. 