"BLACK SUNDAY.' EFFECTS OF A LONDON FOG. Suddenly, liae a great pall, about 3 o'clock on Sunday, January 18, one of the densest fogs ever known fill over London and the suburb". The effects, according to the London Daily Telegraph, were curious and bewildering. Not a single street lamp was lighted, and the closure of the shops made the Arctic darkness the more oppressive. A walk amid this atmospheric chaos was an undertaking not readily to be f >rgc t- ten. Hither and thither steered dim forma vainly atttempting to grope their ways by means of familiar public baildiogs, which seemed all unfamiliar in the gloom, while shouts for the omniscient policeman might be heard on all sides. Meanwhile, the omnibuses, without even a candle to lighten their darkness, appeared and vanished like constant and UDcanny hearses; and if two, or sometimes tbi'ee, bright eyes flashed through the blacknres, it was only by cor.jflcturo that one could ascribe them to a passing hansom and not some strange and gruesome ghost of an antediluvian beast. But the bitter blindness was aggravated by the smarting pain with which the eyes were aff-cted, by the horrible mixture filling mouth and nostrils, and by the constant reminders that the pavements had benn cunningly prepared by maliciois Jtck Frost as so many mantraps for the downfall of the unwary pedestrian. In Hyde Park the air was for a time clearer, and the hum and bustle of many thoustnds of skaters on the Serpentine could be heard long before the banks wrre reached. Oaly ad the lake was reached c *uld the outliues of human beiugs be determined at the distance of a very fjw yards. Y«t the " icyclists" seemed none the less bent on amusement, and the appea's of the purveyors of skates and chairs were mingled in the general merriment of the vast' throng, who whisked hither and thither. now seen, now lost between the snow heaps which poured forth like miniature alps in every direction on the bro:.d bosom of the London Neva. Presently the real " pea-soup" settle 1 down on the busy scene, and a most picturesque effect was made by the simultaneous lighting of scores of lanterns and " flarers" along tbo shores, and across their feeble rays the men and women flitted to and fro in the darkness like restless wraiths in an Arctic Hades. Then the weirdness of the surroundings was iuoreasod by the waterfowl, who, in the spot broken for their benefit, kept up continuous shrieks of discontent at the indignities to which they were subjected. "And yet," observed a philosophic soldier, who was regarding the feathered crowd, "if them ducks only knew how much happier they were now than when stuffed with sage and onions, or hanging outside a poulterer's shop, I'd wager a week's pay they'd not complain." But while the Serpentine was enlivened with laughter and motion, the Thames presented a mournful and even ghastly appearance. Not a living creature was to be seen on any. of the craft mocred in the midst of the iceberg* which went surging and crashing down the stream; but here and there a barge broke loose, its timbers powdered with 6now and icicles dependent from its sides, and moved slowly with the ebbing tide. It was fa6cinatiug to watch the great sheets of ice emerge from the obscurity, and race in digoified fashion for the arches of the bridges, there to claim precedence of one another, to squabble like dowagers at a county ball, to crack and crash, and then somehow or other to get through, helter-skelter, only to renew their difficulties at the next obstacle barring their progress. By the steamboat piers, if it were not for the restless quivering of the river, the mighty stiilne?* would be uubroken, save -by -the striking of the clocks or the pealisg of the bells and the far-off cries of bewildered passengers by vehicle and on toot. A giant hand has taken all things in his grasp, and holds them tightly beneath the murky veil which hideB his iron countenance. It is not the fairy work of the Snow Queen, who carried off the boy to her transparent and fairy palace. It .is the sombre monarch who owns the vast dominions over which the wandering Jew onca looked. It is both pitileBs and majestie. But gaziug on this restless flood it is impossible not to think of its meeting with those mightier waters whereon are toiling the reapers of the harvest of the ocean, the hardy fishers of the North Sea, who day by day are exosed to perils such as we can scarce 1 agine. Our hands may be numbed, our ] ungs choked, our days darkened, but even! oq this blackest of Sundays we huve i braved no ill worthy to be mentioned in the same breath with perils. And so we would ask old Father Thames not only to be merciful to them when they struggle to bring their dearly-earned spoil to the great market, but also to bear to them on every glittering floe ibe message that English hearths are always remembered in English homes. 