ANOTHER "DREAM" BY SCHREINER. OLIVE "GOD'S LIGHT ON THE MOUN- TAINS." " And God said, I jet there be light. And there was light." One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their slopes towards the east; and in that warm and tender haze the hard snow melted, and the pu pie violets opened into bloom. « * * * Two dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen the radiance from afar, and now they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but us they stepped into the golden gloty their brows grew heavy with distrust and wrath. " What doest thou here 2 " said the one. "The light is.mine I" j, " Nay, fcol," said the other, " then liest— the light is mine! " And tiie evil frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought —fought with a merciless blind fury lac every inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs; fought till the violets on the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow felL And the Shado w's name was Death. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the mountains. * * * * * Two women came info the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with grold and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature l:ke a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. " Loose thou thy hold of Love," said the one—" for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love ate mine." "O traitress!" cried the other. "What hast thou to do with beauty where I am ? I am the mistress of the world; love is my servant, light my heritage. Dispute no more, for love and light are mine !" And again the shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. But the winged child remained alone weeping. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. _A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Bare-headed and with uplifted eyes, he paused and looked and smiled. His limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil; but, though his face was pale and careworn, it was beautiful. TTis lips parted in a sigh of rapture. " This isthe Light I" ho said, " My God. I thank Thee !" And the winged Love, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. "O, who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. " Who art thou that has toiled so far to find the Light, and hast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and praise?" 1 Anl the Stranger smfling, answered, " I am known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing—not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Beginnings—alone I must be to the last End. Bnt I have sought the Light and found it, whorefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered me to be dismayed. For I bear the name most hated among men —the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness, brightening into the Light itself. Aad tired Truth drank in the golden dory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to ug by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there unsigned, but no one wlko read is it (Bays onr correspondent) can doubt that it is correctly attributed above. If not by JUjss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same Mew style.] regulations concerning the marriage affairs of Siberian exiles are published in the official journal of the Governing Synod. Exile to Siberia under ordinary circumstances unhih the dissolution of marriage in the event of the innocent partner not electing to go with the guilty. Tbe Svr.od now issues rules for the regulation of taanuges in Siberia between "those whose previous marriages have been dissolved trn their being sentenced to exile. It is the "policy now to concentrate serious criminal* much as possible in the island of Sagh- •lie'j, in the North Pacific, and to take away the t»Vrors of Siberian- exile by fostering colonies there. j r.r 