UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE. [BY. THE MEMBER FOR SALTBUSH.] Is it anything more than a mere coincidence which put the Nackara Fencing Bill on the nbtice paper immediately before the second reading of the Land Repurchase Bill? When Mr. (VLoughlin introduced the resolution in favor of constructing a fence from Morgan to" the Co'ckburn'railway the 'Premier vigorously opposed'the suggestion, and in his acoustomed stentorian tones stigmatised the proposed pro tection as " absolutely useless," while he con fidently affirmed1 that the cash spent over it would be v a shameless waste of public money. But a; majority of the House wanted the . fence and so a ? docile Govern ment obediently brought in a measure; to 'facilitate'its construction. The now famous policy for bursting up large estates -was evolved "from the Ministerial mind by a somewhat ^similar process, and it is fitting- therefore that '^th'e. first, step" should-be . made over this ?'much-abused fence. . ; * i'1 ' It is somewhat peculiar that. about" the-Only , '.niembefc of the Assembly Tvho raises his voice' .against the principle of local, option is 'a stoct \- teetotaler. To heair Mr. Ash speak concerning the'various restrictiveproyisions of theLicensed -? 'Victuallers Bill one" would imagiha that 'he. 'could'suffer no greater deprivation! than thelos3 "of- facilities' to obtain, wine, ;whi^, b«er, / 'and other intoxicants. As a.nlatter of fact' he has not aggregated4 oil© "bottle of anymalfr or spirituous beverage' dunn'g ,the last decade. He is saturated with a; desire to protect the interest of minorities, but m Mr. Gura yointed \- out, if he carried this principle'to its legitimate "issue he would decline longer to * disfranchise' ; that little band of electora in Albett who object 'to his presence inTatlianierit. Terhaps,vh'oWr' . ever, he is.of opinionthat all the voters' in thab: ' . district who <fd' not believe'iiv-hina are,ade \ quately.represented by his roUSague,'whd 'on most matters; whether of policy, or. administra tion, takes a diametrically opposite position. ? ' It is sad but true that * both the-outside ..public and the_ members of the Assembly, eVince far more interest in .the discussion of this same Licensed "Victuallers Bill than they do in federation., ? When theheavy artillery of \- the/Houseis> turned 'against the; opponents or : ; supporters of the proposed, i Commonwealth,-, i though the reports are loud and much aijimuni tion is expanded, . the effect achieye$ is, small, ..for .-there are-very lfew# soldiers ot either tajrmy , present; to be hit.; . The president )6f -the united publicans and -;tae, chief rulers of thetotal,.: abstinence party .ate; usually 4n the galleries. to mxeob.' ;;operations in. connection, :with .thp-; other measure. ; Sir John; Bray lea^s the forces in \- favor of the Bill, and he is attacked-on the iright flank.: by ' the . hotelkeepers'_ regiment uiider General Scherk and ? on the left flank by .the' teetotallers'- troops directed by l^ela .> Marshal Holder. When the astute Chief j Secretary adroitly-whips his ranks out of the Way. his opponents, united in nothing bufrtheir i Antagonism, fly furiously at mutual throats >a!nd the diversion is -distinctly -interesting. Pro ?r fcjably, if Sir Henry. Parkes, now the labor tiarty'in New South* Wales have got tired of .him,. could spare time" to patronise the ? Speaker's gallery on federation "days; and if , the ghost of Sir John Robertson could also; be 'present in a materialised formj some excite ; ment might be imported intq the debate on the Commonwealth Bill. At' firBt it appeared as if . : there would be adeadlevel of .unilormity'save for the disaffection, of Dr.' Cockburn and Mr. Landseer; but now Mr. Kingston, has deserted from the federal party there seems a chance-of . . bright interchanges of oratorical skill in the 7 discussion of the measure. < . ! Mr. Graingerj "who ha^ never allowed'th» Playford Ministry to' stagnate . for lack of stirring up,- has been-especially-busy . lately; ' ' His pet Aversions seJem to be the Attorney ' General and the Premier, iand he has invari ably got a little interjeotion ready when either \- ofrthem is speaking.-' Mr J Homburg, onTues day, ventured to assert, that the action in ; respect to the Post-Office. land' had been taken solely on his advice. , Then no wonder-you got into a mess!" was the! politer rejoinder of the giant from Wallaroo.! Something'requall^ . ^ pleasant usually awaits**Mr. Playford, whose* ? many lapses of memory give effective openings ? to one who is not accustomed to acknowledge conventional _ constraint. List. week pro educed the second no-confidence motion | set down in the name of . Mr. Gramger . during -this - session, but /the harmles3ness . of his intentions was quickly made apparent on both occasions,; for directly .the Ministry '-showed-a disposition to take things seriously their assailant climbed down from hia tree and '.virtually cried--" Oh, I'm sorry I spoke." .Mr. i Grainger- ,has.,the ^brains of a man combined \- with the'manners of-a baby, and it would be-a3 . ^ei'uel to hold him responsible f or his actions as I it would be to whip' a ' two-year-old child for ?pluckifagfiowM;in;its-faither's garden. "Some thing!' bright'; is withitt reach,- and thehand ; -'gbes- dut to pluek it i before.'.'the mind'has had -times itovcdnsider-thb- consequences. When -pai^nisareimpatiehtlittlechildi'en-'are thrashed .' and when circumstancesare peculiarly irritating .some prominent politicians-administers a dress .-ing down-to -Mir# .Grainger..-,-But--.as arule-the-, i source is considered,' "and :th6 'offence passed at ? the worst with a frown-and shake of the -finger, while ordinarfly'it is matter for a flying smile.--- H-'HeJ- and a" few others, were not so limpetuous,- the jOpposition, -which at present is : ia> mbnuihent of "tn<5' ftl-efffets: of lack - of leader ship arid con trolv would h ave'a chance of con solidating itself. Mr; Grainger was good enough 'to hurl a random accusation agamst Mr. Mouleof acting, in the interests of the Government by'intro ducing''the' -progressive wealth tax.. It looked like it/' he said. Those gentlemen who know Mh Grainger least are saying-that his j continual and purposeless attacks look like col lusion with the Ministry, for whom they win ? sympathy.' It is certainly a peculiar/system II of co-operation which seeks to wipe away all | the Treasurer's financial proposals with a view i of substituting sor&ething; entirely different, i and yet that is the feat' which Mr.'Moule is anxious to perform; No one can accuse the j Playford .party of the possession of a super- j ?'abundance of dignity, but' even they are not j L likely to go, in for collusion of that sort. i It is an extraordinary coincidence that all j tie . five non-official : lawyers of the- As- . £embly have, within; the' last week . or two, been incapacitated from attending in their places in Parliament. The seductions ( of Synod tore Mr. Henry Downer away from j 'the Agricultural Holdings Bill, which he was wont to attack as a hungry dog fastens on a .derelict shoulder of mutton. Influenza, which is no respecter of persons, smote down Mr. Stock, Mr. Kingston, and Sir John Dower. Sciatica came-in to claim the attention of M!r. Dashwood. The Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General were the only legal legis lators with any fight left in them, and as Mr, Bartlett has been very,-very quiet of late weeks a', holy peace settled over the debates rn^the Assembly, its refreshing calmness being ruffled j only by the senior member for Wallaroo, who is s .apparently anxious to make up for the reticence of nis colleague. ' . When is that Conciliation, Hall to begin? It would be a graceful compliment to ask Mr. Puer to lay the foundationrstone, while Sir John Downer might be requested to affix the pinnacle on its topmost tower. It would be rather a good idea to experiment on Parlia \- roent before a larger scheme is authorised. \- One wing might be erected for the Ministry, one for the Opposition, and a chamber in the centre where the public, gazing on the unani mity of politicians,. might have reason to echo the sentiment "How good and how pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together, m; unity." It would certainly conduce to the dignity of the Legislature if the wranglings, disputa tions and divisions were reserved for the private caucus, and if in public each side showed a ?firm and one-minded front. The official re port under such circumstances would be a record of much valuably work and little ex traneous talk instead of being' as at present a. budget of much discursive debate ' surrounding ajid-almost smothering isolated acts of useful" ? ness. Messrs; Hague and'Hooper are standing .examples of the respect and esteem which may be won by discreet . silence preserved'-as the result of discretion, and not because of incom petency. Both gentlemen can speak well and concisely, both are regular and constant in their attendance, and both give earnest heed to \- all utterances of importance which are made in their hearing. Yet neither is perpetually anxious to catch the Speaker s eye for the sake : of pouring dreary platitudes, wearisome o:n xrionplaces, or thrice-uttered information into ? tHe drooping ears of a languid Assembly;. J^ven constituents are apt to grow sick of reading the condensed'reports of the diseourses contributed by the garrulous Parliamentarian, while his brother-members make no'preteacc of sub mitting to his boredom. !-l ^-was passing' along the corridor the other day - and when opposite the Ministerial room I vas'arrested by a sound which I at first thought was'made by someone in pain. However, on listening a moment longer I found that instead of being a signal of suffering it was one of pleasure, for the inmate of the room was sing uig an air which'I immediately recognised as being from'"The Gondoliers." Which of the Ministers it was is difficult to say. The voice was: too light for the Treasurer, too chirpy for tHe Attorney-General. If the Chief Secretary sings at all I should say his was the voice, but then I must have been mistaken. I stopped and listened; because the words didn'b sound fami liar, so I took out my notebook, with the fol lowing result: j Biding townward8 in the morning To our office we repair, ; And all idle momenta Booming -. Drop at once into a chair, And embark without delay On the duties of , the day. > First we open up some letters From constituents, whose fetters Bound our necta seem tighter e\rry day to , ? grow; ! Next we interview a stranger, " ' Whd'is introduced by Grainger, ; Andittaiesusallourtimetomakehimgo. i Then a deputation visits us at ten I On a subject that we cannot leave to Ben, So we answer we'll consider it anon* - : And think our lucky stars whefa it has gone. After that we find we've got on Rather.sh&ky.;'ground witn Cotton. We approach him very gently-he's a literary man; . So we write a little minute,. There is really nothing1 in.it; It's a little sop-to labor whichw6 offer whenwe can. ' Then, we're rescued from the vapors,. By; a visit irom the papers. They're in search of c information, and we'.ve always Jots on hand,; . , So we give it-to them gaily, i For' Our one ambition daily Is' to advertise ouf actions in the papers of the land. ! Oh, constituents may sing, . Of.the troubles that they bring. But we find our duties, jolly, arid our .situation grind, : . For tho'other. p_eople slight us, ! We haye'oriething't o delight us, It's to advertise our actions in the papers of the land. ' When'we've done our morning labpra, ! We adjourn into a neighbor's, ' ' ^ ; As politicians very often do; . ... ! We anticipate adoption j Of our baby local option, ' . _ ; And take time iy the forelock with that view. | Then we steal around,and find out if our whip < ., i By chance ha? let'a good supporter.slip,. ,,' : OrwegiveahinfctoBartlettonthesly '< He'UbeoneofusasCro%mLaiicfe--by."andl)ye. . | . Thenwe joininifaodest'jokihg i .; With the members who are smoking, It's a little kind attention that they never will forget, i . And }ve tarradiddle slightly.,. ... . When we answer'Moule politely, , That'his ,tax'ilpon the 'wealthy is with us a second pet.', . . , " . ....... ' Next upon our benches sitting ' We avoid the members hitting ; . With.their(paltry little, questions,: that .we ask them to postpone, .: And'altho* we never huff thenj. , i We adroitly try to bhiff them " It's our boast, to answer questions straight we never. iyet were known. OK, constituents may &}g, . Of the troubles thatthey bring, . v .. ° But we rather think them - pleasant, , and; we never, never groan. For1 we're hound to live in story . ' ' And the fact in .which we gloiy . ' Is our boast, -' to' answer questions straight we never iyetwere khown. ' 