Reviewer. An Introduction to the Creeds. It is a curious and inevitable issue of the modern crusade against creeds that more attention is being paid to them than they have received possibly since their origin itself. Everybody wants to know something of the contents of documents which form the subject of to exciting a contest. Thus, not the least interesting and popular of the series of "Elementary Theological Class Books," which comprise, or will comprise, Introductions to Old and New Testament History, to Early Church History, to the Church Catechism, and to the Prayer .Book, will be the Introduction to the Articles, which is to follow, and to the Creeds, which is now before us. To students and clergymen we should say that concise treatises on these sub jects were invaluable. If they are framed on the pattern of that now before us they consti tute an unfailing vade mecwn of guidance on the topics dealt with. And to such of the laity, of whom we hope there are many, who are in earnest to know what they are expected to believe, and why they are expected to believe it, and who would fain judge of the present teaching of the clergy Dy their authorised standards, these instructive guide books must be specially acceptable. The " creeds" dealt with in this introduction are those styled re spectively the Apostles' Creed, the Nicene Creed, and the Athanasian Creed. Of these, in Part I, Dr. Maclear, traces the origin and development, a study absolutely necessary to their appreciation, since as the author remarks, every clause and almost every word in these creeds stands as the resultant of strenuous controversy in the early Church. Part 11. occupies itself with the teaching of the creeds. This teaching, as Anglicansand Roman Catholics should know, is elementary, guarding chiefly the doctrines of the Trinity, and of the deity of Christ and of the Holy Ghost. The first and second (whioh is in fact the earlier of the two, the " Apostles" creed being of later and obscurer origin) divide themselves conveniently into twelve heads, which make twelve chapters of doctrinal expo sition. This exposition is painstaking, detailed, and dry to a degree whioh makes sore trial of the ordinary reader's patience, though admirably fitted for the student. The third, of which it is only known that it is not the production of Athanasius, does not lend itself to this common treatment, and the manner in which it is dealt with is the least satisfactory part of the book. The author possibly did not feel himself called upon to notice the utter unsuitableness of its metaphysical subtleties as an expression of modern convictions, but, on the other hand, he should not have gone out of his way to defend its comminatory clauses. In telling us that these clauses do not insist on a full * "An Introduction to the Creeds." By the Rev. G. F. Maolear. D.D., of Bt. Augustine's College, Ac. London: Maomillan and Co. Brisbane: WaUon, Fcrguion, and Co. acceptanoe of the logical statement sat forth he forgets that our only criterion of its meaning is its ancient interpretation, and that the bitter experience of Arias and other non-acceptors is an unanswerable demonstration of that. The Quicunque Vult is one of the most intolerant instruments in Christendom. Nor does it add to our reverence even for the comparatively unobjectionable creed of Nicaea that both its adoption and enforcement were largely due to imperial power. But no one needs to be told that the trail of the Cæsarean serpent is over the whole of early Church history. Our author, too, brings the Pope upon the scene a few centuries earlier than rigid history allows. The signatories to the Nicene Creed describe him simply as Bishop of Rome. 