~ The Son of Man. j (BY REV. P. B. MEYER, B.A., Londojn.) : ..Tb.eSon.öf Mart.**-JOH» I., ßl. : Thia chapter abounds in striking names and titles for our Lord. They , are a Btudy in them selves. The Word, the Light, the Life of Men, the only Begotten of the Father, the Christ, the Lamb of God, the Master, Son of God and King of Israel. But the climax, with which this mar vellous enumeration closes, is as wonderful as any : The Son ot Man. It occurs 80 times in the Gospels, and is always applied by our Lord to himself, lt is ' A GLORIOUS NAÍÍE, BRIMFUL OF HOPE to every member of the family of mankind. To be Son of David; or Son pf Abraham, would limjt him-to a family or race; but the Son of Man js equivalent to being the second Adam, and to have a relationship to every man. Ho was the epitome of humanity, sin excepted. In him all that ia noblest in manhood, most attractive in woman hood, and most winsome in childhood, blended ip complete unison. All can find a response in his nature. Theoneman, . THE MAN OF MEN, the supreme flower and glory of the human family, the divine man-such was tho Son of -Man, who as such. stands now amid the supernal glory of his Father's throne (Acts vii., 66). ' The nature of our Lord Josus is infinite in its extent. On the one hand it touches tho heights of Godhead, on the other the depths of manhood. To use his owti comparison (51), it resembles the mystic ladder, which, in the dreams of the wanderer, linked the far distant depths of sky, where, more brilliant than sun or moon, the light of the Shokinah shone, with the moorland strewn with huge boulders of stone, where he lay. At one end is the title, Son of God; at the other, Son of Man. And there is not one of the human family that is too frail or sinful to pass upward through the blesse'd^Lord, his birth and death, his resurrect tion and ascension, from the lowest depths pf degredation to the further heights of blessedness. Here, probably for the first time, our Lord usad this title of himself. lb is possible that its full meaning will only be disclosed long ages after we have entered the meridian light of eternity. I. THE SON OF MAN ATTRACTED MEN. ; He had just come victorious from his encounter, with the devil. With an imperative of spiritual energy, which human lips had never addressed tb tha tempter before, he had made the prince of this world . slink behind him. The next step was to lay the foundation of a society, through which hp rihight'carry" forward his victories, opposing 'the kingdom of darkness with a kingdom nf light, until that has been realised for the race which he realised on the mountain brow for himself. "I In the Apocalypse, John beheld the completed city, New Jerusalem, descending out of heaven ; and was able to study its foundations, as he could not have done had it been earth-born. They seemed like the breastplate of the high priest in color, though greatly multi plied in extent. There was the blue sapphire, the green emerald, the dark red sardonyx, the brilliant topaz, the hyacinth, and the amethyst. And on each the name of an apostle. In this chapter we find the Master-builder quarrying the stones, which seem common enough in their origin, but which, under his touch, shall glisten as slabs of jewels in the foundations of his church. There is no forecasting what will be the outcome for the simplest believer who once is willing tp let Christ have his way with him. Christ attracted men LARGELY. FROM THE LOWER RANKS. Macaulay tells the story of the famous cathedral window, constructed by the apprentice from materials which his master threw away, and which was so much more beautiful than'his that he made.away, with his life in jealousy. And it was out of those orders of society which the great men of the time held in contempt that Jesus began to construct the society against which the gates" of hell cannot prevail.' " The common people hèard him gladly/' " Then drew .near . the publicans and ; sinners for to hear him.'' The true David'! re cruited, his army from the lapsed and lost, and chose his officers from the ranks of publicans, and fishermen, and artisans. In the apostolic band there were at least three groups, besides minor vârieties. The Boanergic, comprising those of largéstgift and strength of char acter-Peter and Androw, James and John. The Reflective, who were apt at questioning and slow: to beliéve Philip and Thomas. Nathanael (or Bartholomew) and Matthew. The Practical, who superintended the business arrangements of catering for the rest. All these varieties were attracted to Jesus. He needed them, and they him. CHRIST ATTRACTED MEN TO HIMSELF. He published no manifesto, elaborated no sys tem of doctrine, inBÍBted on no theological ex amination. His person was his theology. He appealed to the craving of the human heart for love, and offered himself.to supply its needs, pledging himself to lead his disciples from the "Come and see" of the first interview to the vision of " those greater things," which include the Sermon on the Mount, the sacrificial death, the resurrection and ascension, the descent of ; the Holy Ghost, and which extend also to those . marvelous discoveries of divine truth, which fill tho Epistles. Not the man through thé i doctrine, but the doctrine through the I man ; not first the head and,. thc the li oar t ; but first the heart und then the heat The tmst of the soul in one who gathers up ot intellectual assent as he bears us forward into a the truth. Some were attracted to Christ hy preaching, i when the Baptist proclaimed him on the Jorda bank to tho disciples standing beside . hin Though that sermon failed on the first occi s'ion, on'the second it was the means of convertir! his entire audience : " And they followed Jesus. Others by tho agency of human relationahi] God has bound us together as members < families, that these' human relations may bi corrie a very network of communicating wire through which to send tho sparks and knpuls> of his own love. The bible does not say ho many souls Andrew brought afterwards i Jesus, but it does say, he first found his ow brother Simon. As boys they had played o the silver sands; as youths they had sailed th long night through in their father's yawl as young men they had loft their homos drawn b a* common impulse to the Jordan. And who Andrew found Christ, he had an irresistible ir Thience over Peter and won him. Thelittlo tape lit np the great light. Have .we all used ou homo ties enough for the winning of souls to ou Lord? Others were brought by his direct influent "He findeth Philip, arid saith unto him, folio) mo." I love to think bf, the thousands wh owe their all to" the direct touch of the love c Christ, falling on them as the light of an ic finitely distant star through the tube- of th telësoope, which photographs it] for everson tri prepared papor. Far from the sound of th church-going bell, amid the deep silence of :th night watch in the bush or on the prairie, or toss ing on the bosom of the deep, THE LOVE OF GOD STILL FINDS MEN. Others are brought to Christ by the call c friendship, following on long courses of proviou preparation. Often must Philip have left th shores of his native lake, and crossed the hill for Cana, where Nathanael dwelt, and the tw would earnestly discuss the signs of the times the desperate straits of their country, the preach ing of the Baptist, the advent of the King. Am for long periods the guileless Israelite would b lost it! deep reverie as hie sat beneath his favorit fig tree, pondering the things which Moses in th* Law, and the Prophets, did write, and'erigaged ii earnest prayer. It was not difficult to win such i one, when Philip broke in'on his retirement witl the news of his discovery. Jesus Christ is God's magnet put down amongs men to attract them to himself. II. THE SON OF MAN EE AD AND ,. EE VEALED MEN. ! i . The Spirit had been given to- him withotr measure, and by his ind welling he knew what wai in man, read men as we read books, and inter preted them to themselves that they might know themselves and him. ' He knew the yearning for love that dwelt ir the heart of John, who clearly was one of the twe who first followed him with timid footsteps, long, ing to know some of the secrets of his inner life. " Master, where dwellest thou ?" He knew how timid and weak,was the soul that lay beneath the burly form and impetuous self assertion of Andrew's brother, and called him bj a name which well became him, Simon Bar-Jonaj the son of a timid dove. ?{ " i He knew where to find Philip, the qualities which were" worth finding in him, and the mag. nètio sentence which would bind him for ever . t( his side : " Follow me." He knew the guileless , simplicity and purify with which Nathaniel's soul was filled, untainted by the luxurious tastes with which the Romani were enervating his native land/ and had seer the devout thoughts passing through his heart, before Philip called him. The, tree has never grown which could conceal a soul from the eye of Jesus. ' \ - SO HE EE ADS US STILL." . He knows our down-sitting and our uprising, and understands our thoughts afar off. "We lie before him naked and opened, as the sacrificial victim before the piiest. What though the sharp two-edged sword be in his hand, yet heàa not a high priest who cannot be touched with the feeling of ouc infirmities ! The Lord who dwells on Liga Knows all, and loves us even as he knows. III. THE SON OF MAN COMPLETED MEN. Whatever we need most : we can find in him. He is the all-sufficiency for all human need, the supply of every lack, tho answer to every inquiry. Not his gifts, but himself.' Do we need -purity ? He does not simply give us purity; but he iain us that holy thing. Do we want life sHe doe's not merely'impart it, but he is himself our life" Do we require strength? The Lord" is the strength of our life. As the rest of the circle Í3 the comple ment of a segment, however small, so is JESUS THE COMPLEMENT OF ALL - WHO BELIEVE. V ! Andrew is always ranked withPeter ¿ James/ and John, yet he was excluded, not arbitrarily of course, from three memorable scenes, where the others^ witnessed the glory of their Lord. He reminds us of men of large gift, who yet fall short of the first rank by some defect in ardor, dash, enthusiasiam. O ye Andrews of the church, come to the Son of Man, that he may supply that missing link, breathe into you that lacking power, baptise you in his sacred fire, " so that ye come behind in no gift," waiting for his coming. A-" very different man was Peter. Loving to gird himself ; foremost to speak, to act, to deny ; the born leader and spokesman of the rest ; ardent in love, but sadly needing stability ; essaying to walk the waves, and sinking; meeting with God given answer the Master's challenge as to his nature, and within a few moments becoming an offence; flashing his sword in the moonbeams with terrible execution and denying with oaths ; plunging into the lake for the shore, where in the grey dawn; the "beloved form was standing, but presently silenced by " What is that to thee ?" A STE ANGE MIXTUEE of strength and weakness, of. ardor and incon stancy-! Such ace some ol us. But wh^n, m,en. like Peter come to the Son of Man, he complotes them, and impregnates them with the strength of his own rock-like character, so that they become rock-men in their degree, as mossy * nests are turned iiöiätöhe'Beneath. the drip of the limestone caves. - v. . -? John's nature reminds us of tho lakes which, like his . own Galilee, lie among the hills. On calm days the,placid and pellucid waters mirror the curtains of the heavens, whether blue, or dark, or star-bespangled. But when the wild winds rush down on them, they are lashed into fury, and no boat can live. John was filled with AN ALMOST DIVINE POWER OP LOVING. This won the love of Jesus, and led him to loan on that sacred breast, and secured th« trustee ship of the beloved mother, and enabled him to read the secrets of the Redeemer's character hidden from the rest. But, withal, he must sit on the rieht or, left of the throne, and call for fire from heaven on offending villagers. Evi dently, such a nature needs to. be softened and toned, and taught how- long-suffering, and for bearing, and pitiful Divin e. love can be. Some of us also need to take our love to Jesus that it may be rid of earthly elements; and attempered to his own. , /? Nathanael made use of such f ragmentary hints as wore within his reach, and arrived at one of the sublimest of conclusions ; but there were great gaps which neecred to be filled , up, like the blanks in the maps of Africa some 20 years ago. HE SAW SOMETHING. But he was capable of seeing more, and ho was told;that he should see greater things than any that'had come within his keri. He recognised in Jésus the Son of God, the King of Isaael j but he should know that Jacob's ladder was a sign of blessing beyond the limits of his own children ; that it was a type of Jesus the Son of God, who was not only King of Israel the nation, but Son of Man, the race. This is Christ's invariablo mode. . THERE IS ALWAYS MORE TO FOLLOW. On every blessing whioh he puts into our hands he writes this inscriptfJn,' " Thou shalt see greater things than these.'',il,If conversion, adop tion; if adoption, heirship; if heirship, the throne; if grace, glory. ;I know not how many maimed and incom plete hearts may be reached > by these words. But it may be that hundreds who will read them have been wearily conscious of heartache and heartneed, waiting for some one who never comes, watching for a light which never breaks, bemoaning a lack which lies ' at the bottom of the heart, saying give, give, but is never satisfied. "Blessed are ye that hunger, for ye shall bo filled." But the filling can como from no human or earthly source. In Christ, alone can we be re plenished arid satisfied. Take the infirmity, the deficiency, the yearning, the sense of maimedness, to the Son of Man, whose nature* will flow into yours as an ocean into» some new dock or reser voir, taking the shape of the receptacle, aud filling it throughout. "Ye aro complete [U.V. made full] in himi" * . - 