— ? ^ — 1 Uow a Good Ship was Lost. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the f'ood ship '* Mary Compton,' of Bristol, Eng and, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the C.iptain expected every momeut to get Sight of the light in the lighthouse oo the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the I entrance to the harl-our. Once there, and j they were safe* Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including tbe Captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a atrange thing bad happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. 1 6ou1b, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse io the world. What shall be eaid of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? ' } ok are beyond human aid' These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had lie the right to say so? No ; for he might be wrong — and in any case he' had no business to put out the light. This woman hadl-een ill for some time. In Juoe, 1889, ehe was greatlv alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her bead whirled ' and,' she said, ' all objects seemed to go into a cloud.' She had to hold herself op or ait down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked ber frame so that she could not He down In bed and sleep. ' I could soarcely crawl about the house,' she says, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, * I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three I weeks, then gave up in despair.' ' i talked with two other physicians. The last one said, * You are pitt human aid.' ' My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetlto and had lost fleah till X t oat thin as a ghost] My mother came to see me and did not know mo. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenoed vomiting, and what I threw up was thiged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'olock on a Saturday morning and aoaroely got rest from ft until Monday morning, M At thiB time I remembered that Mm. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Craw* ford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), h«d heeu cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So 1 sent to Mr. Jesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle, A few doBos stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt hotter. Soon I could eat a dry oiust, and by the time I bad finished tho sooond bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1800), in better Health thin ever before in my life. ' I should bave taken Mother Seigel's Cura- tlve Syrup sonner, but my husband was out of work and wo had only a trifle comlog in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me bad off as 1 was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of en* pulry,' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 4r0, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds, Rills was a case of indigestion and dyspep' sta, with symptoms showing how far ft had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs, Mills would have had no talo to toll. Sho did wrong to waft one hour for any reason, after having what known Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Hrs. Wilson. A COBHKKI'ONDBUT says there are no dally papers published In bis town t but there Is a ladies sewing meeting, which answers tbe purpou, 