GHOSTS. Mr Andrew Lang, writing on ghosts, says: — I have been at amateur séances, and expected a great deal, but never saw or heard anything more abnormal than a suppressed giggle, for which my own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have past nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to myself; and that when I was young, ill, and overworked. I bhve occupied the ghostly chamber where the original of Dicken's Miss Havi- sham (in "Great Expectations") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raiment. But, in spite of expecting, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors. I never saw or heard anything to establish the existence of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinster to sleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved valour had previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short his visit and fled the place. Here was a ghost of gentlemanly character, who appeared only to persons unlikely, as he might guess dangerously alarmed. As a rule, the fairly well attested ghosts of my acquaintance have been seen, not by the timerous and fanciful, but by the unimaginative people in perfect health. A scholar of world- wide reputation (among scholars) was, when a boy, driving in a dog-cart, while a stout farmer held the reins. Both were Scotch. They passed a churchyard, beyond which the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out of the kirkyard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided beside the dog-cart all down the long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the man nor the boy said a word while this lasted. When the appearance had banished, the farmer whispered, ' Did you see yon?' 'Ay! said the lad. ' Thank the Lord!" cried the farmer ; ' I was feared it was the horrors.' He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whisky toddy. Finding that it was objective, he was re- assured, though he nor his companion ever knew what the thing was that they had looked on. They both, perhaps, were ' seers ' and ' had the smell for a ghost.' An alleged 'wild man of the woods' has been discovered in the district near Rouen known as Petit Quevilly. This extraordinary man lives in the forest by preference, and thoroughly enjoys the prevailing frosty weather, although he is in rags. He receives a pittance from his mother, which enables him to buy bread, meat and tobacco. A woodranger, who met the man recently smoking his pipe placidly at the foot of a tree, insisted that he should accompany him to the gendamerie. The so-called 'savage ' complied, but the brigadier of gendarmes could not arrest him as a vagrant, for his 'papers' were perfectly in order. He was allowed, there- fore, to return to his sylvan seclusion. Elie Berthet, the French novelist, has just been the victim, or rather the hero, of a curious incident. A few days ago the municipal councillor of Limoges, his native town, believing him to be dead, resolved to honour his memory by giving the name of Elie Berthet to a new thoroughfare. The proposal was voted unanimously ; but, to the surprise of the Municipal Councillors, three days later they received a letter written by M. Elie Berthet himself. While thanking them cordially for the honour they had done him, he was anxious to inform them that though born in 1815, he had at present no ambition to obtain posthumous honours. Nevertheless, the municipal councillors decided not to alter their decision, so the new street will, contrary to custom in France, bear the name of a person who has not yet quitted la belle France. As the result of his acquaintance with the pigmies of the great forest of Equatorial Africa Mr H. M. Stanley counsels readers of his article in the January 'Scribner' to ' relieve their minds of the Darwinian theory, avoid coupling man with the ape, and banish all thoughts of the fictitious small-brained progenitor supposed to be existing somewhere on land unsubmerged since the eocene period. Intellectually, he says, the pigmies of the African forest are the equals of about fifty per cent of the modern inhabitants of any great American city to-day. And yet, he maintains, there has been no change, or progress of any kind, among the pigmies of the forest since the time of Herodotus. He describes a 'little plump beauty' he saw with Ugarrowwa, an ivory raider as a bewitching little creature thirty-three inches high,' and says, 'It is possible that this creature was due to perfect health and the good food with which she was fed by the Arab. She was certainly a gem worth seeing, and as calm and self-possessed as a well-bred lady. Artists would like to have doted on her, and sculptors would have paid goodly sums for such a miniature model.' 