NOVELIST. The Van Rensselaer Ghost. BY ELLEN V. TALBOT. ft was with anticipations of pleasure that my friend, Itupert Davison complied with young Winter’s invitation to spend New Year's at his country seat. Winter had but lately been married, and was indulging a whim for spending the holidays in the country, at an old mansion he had lately purchased on the Sound. The novelty of the thmg was, in itself, agreeable, and there was sure to be menus whose reading alone was enough to titillate the palate; and though llupcit was by no means a gourmand, be was.no more indifferent to the charmB of quail on toaBt and devilled lobBtcr than an other man. Mrs. Winter was a pretty woman, and a delightful hostess, and, in short, my friend felt sure that bis visit would prove one of lbs most delightful incidents of the snowbound season. It was, therefore, with a blithe heart that he stepped from the car upon the Aster station, and inquired the way to Mr. Charles Winter’s house. “ It’s a good three miles from here,” said a man in an old army overcoat. “You'd better step into my sleigh, and I’ll talie you out for a quarter; seems strange they didn’t meet you, if you were expected,” he added, with the free curiosity peculiar to men of his cIbbb in New England. ‘‘Perhaps -they didn’t know your train,” continued the ooaehmar, when Bupert and his portmanteau were safe in the sleigh. “ It may be yon that sent this telegram I am taking to them now. It came a couple of hours ago, but the station master, seeing no one was dead, and the roads so bad, thought ho wGuld wait awhile until some one was going that way.” Bupert could not avoid smiling, but his thoughts were diverted by the wide expanse of snowy fields through which they were pas Bing : the village lay to the right, and in this direction was here nnd there only a lonely farmhouse surrounded by ita unpainted outbuildings, and loaded with a weight of snow that seemed almost to bury it. No signs of life were visible, save a light in tho _—ilast window of the homestead, and possibly a will wrapped and mittened man pushing his way through the 6uow to his barn. “ I wonder ,Winter pnrcbaeed in such a lonely spot,” broke from Bupert at last. . “It is not so dreary in summer,” au swered the driver, taking the observation as addressed to himself. ‘ T.,is is a beautiful drive then, ana Mr. IIinter has plenty of horses ; ho’s no call to stay here but when it is pleasant, and no fool knows what ho wants to be coming now for. It’s a grand bouse, though.” Bupert, asking a few questions, elicited the knowledge that the house had been owned by an old Scoich family as a home stead for fifty years, but as tho older mem bers of the group passed away none of the younger cared to live on the property, and it had been sold. The man, however, dropped hints that there had been otliGr reasons for disposing of it; what these were Bupert could not definitely discover. “ There it stands,” said the driver, point ing with bis whip at a large, square house that must, in summer, have been nearly hidden by the foliage of the encircling chest nut trees. “ You see that a number of new fashioned houses have been built near it by other city swells, making it look like the grandmother of the lot.” The large gate stood open, and the sleigh jingled merrily up to the door. At the sound of the belis the latter was opened wide, throwing a blaze of light over the snow, and permitting a young man to spring into tho frosty air and seize Bupert by the hand. “ Hnlooked for but always welcome,” cried Charles Winter, “ though I did expect you earlier this evening, and only gave you np on receiving no message.” Bupert referred Mr. Winter to the tele gram which the driver produced, and tho two young men entered the warm, bright ball of the house; here Bupert was received by Mrs. Winter, appearing more than ever of desirable prettiness. I am glad yon did not wait until a still later train,” she said, playfully, “for it is New Year’s Eve, the time for all eerie thingB to be abroad; and though I have brought you into the very home of a ghost, I would not wish you to be spirited away on the road by one.” “ Are there ghosts in Now England?” said Bupert. “ In New England! The very haunt of ghosts) I think the old Puritans, finding how much they lost which they might have had on earth, come slipping around now to see what they oau get.” “And have you a ghoBt here?” asked Bupert. v-f-H-eh l” said Mrs. Winter, with raised 'finger. “If there is one, perhaps you may ieeit.” “ 1 fervently hope so,” replied Bupert, as ihe hurried to make ready for the waiting He was not disappointed in the mental rc mew he had taken of the gueste he would xneet; there were two other men beside hie host and himself, the elder of whom was a General Gordon', end an old Southern unole 1 of Mrs; Winter, on a business visit to the j Ncrth, an irascible old fellow who inveter ately differed with everybody, and yet one of if fihe most kind-hearted men living. Theother was a man of forty or more, a eon of the setting god of day, being a grain merchant from Missouri; he had all the frankness generally ascribed to those of tho West as far bb his manner went, but he also oon cealed under his appsarauce his own individ uality. There waB not wanting the countenance of fair dames, either. Mrs. Winter was sustained fay the Innocent, school-girlish daughter of General Gordon, and another friend, a Miss Alice EUsler. The table was set In a long, low room, waiosooted with oak to the ceiling; a fire roared in the deep ohimneyplace, and cast dancing shadows on the walls of the tall, olaw-footed mahogany furniture ; the table was lit with candles in heavy silver candle sticks, the air of the whole being such that Bupert has said he felt transported into one of the rare old interiors of Irving or Haw thorne. “ Is not my furniture charmingly fitted to the house?” asked Mre. Winter, as the dessert was brought on, and all were beginning to feel genial and talkatively dis posed. “ It would have been Bhamelul to have one of these old rooms arranged in the modern way, and meat fortunately the Van Eenuselaers let me take all the furniture with the house.” i “ The ghost thrown ini” inquired Rupert. “ One would have thought they liad chosen to pack it up and carry it away with them ; a ghost iB a rare thing to have in a family— quite a distinguished mark. I shall be tempted to adopt it for my own if I eanfind it.” *• You might qb well steal my diamonds,” said the lady. “ I would put you under arrest just as soon.” What is the stcry ol the ghost, Cousin Eflie ?” asked Edith Gordon. “ My dear child ! Do you want me to tell you a ghost story at the dinner table 2” cried Mrs. Winter. “No, I shall tell you when you and Alice come into my dre3Biug room the last thing at night, and the gentle men are still smoking and talking down stairs ; then, like ‘ Maud ’ and ‘ Madge,’ we will sit and comb our beautiful hair,’ aud like some one else, ‘ tell sirange stories of the deaths of kingu.’ I insist upon all the sur roundings.” “ And are we poor men only to form onr .ghosts out of the smoke of our cigars?” Eaid Rupert. “ I fear I shall bo' a keyhole listener.” “I shall leave Charles to tell you the story,” replied the hostess, glancing at her husband, who appeared singularly grave. “ I really think he more than half believes in it.” “ I’ooh — nonsense—ghosts 1” said the unole. “ Then it is not true ?” said Edith Gordon. , “ You shall hear and judge for yourself cousin ; I believe the facts of the lady’s lifo, before nbc became a ghost, cau be vouched for. I expect to have you and Alice listening with cnriouB attention to night to her ro mantic story.” “ I cannot promise for the curiosity of one,” said Miss Ellslcr, in a full, musical voioe. The tale will not bo a new one to The sound of her voice drew Rupert’s at tention to Alice, whom be bad hardly noticed before, as she sat farthest from liim at the table ; once drawn, he was held by a mag netism that constrained him to regard her every movement, and wait for every word she might utter in that rich voice. He has con fessed that it is diflicult to describe the peculiar charm that Miss EUsl r exercised over him, although ho alleges that her beauty was of an uncommon kind; a face pale and exquisitively cut, as though in ivory, lighted by the glow of her dark eyes, and shaded by the night of her silken hair; a well rounded form and a hand and arm the most perfect bo had over seen. Her dress of white India pongee added to her statuesque appearance and to Rupert’s fas cination, for he had ever contended that white was the one robing in whioh beauty realised his ideal. His eyes, gathering every detaii, took in also a curious emerald locket that set oft her white throat. To my riper experienco there was little mysterious in the attention of an ardent young fellow, like my friend being fixed on such a creature, though be insists that there was a depth of spirit and power about her that attracted beyond her beauty. Be that as it may, Rupert fell instantly fathoms deep in love with Alice Ellsler, which set his head so in a whirl that he could with difficulty at tend to anything else. “ Why, Alice, where havo yon heard of my ghost ?” inquired Mrs. Winter. “ I did not know that you had been in this part of the country before.” "I have not,” said Alice, Ellsler; "bat, although I am unacquainted with my cousins, my mother was u Bister of the la3tVan Kscsselaer that lived in this house.” A slight exclamation escaped Hamilton, the guest from Missouri, which lie instantly controlled ; but Rupert observed that ho slso had fixed his regards on the young lady, and was conscious of an ugly feeling that desired to command the change cf his gaze to some less sacred quarter. “This is interesting above all things,” said her hostess, with a spatkling face. “As the ghost is the daughter of the old gentleman, surely she will appear to you I would ap pear to Edith, here, were I a ghost. The lady has bsen most unsocial with me, but 1 have set my heart on her appearing to some one to-night, and now eome one is here with whom she is connected, she must le aind. You will not be afraid ?" “ Not of that poor-girl,” said Alice, half smiling, a faint smile like moonlight on “ Oi course not!” exclaimed the unole. “ Who would?” “ I think that I should if I saw her,” whispered Edith. Mrs. Winter linked her hand in her hus band’s arm as they rose from the table. • “ Why do yon look so serious, Charles?” she said playfully. “ Have I displeased you with all this frivolous talk about ghosts?” “Not exactly that, love,” said Winter; “ but the history of that poor young lady seems to me too sad and truo to turn into a jest.” “ Oh, my dear Charles,” said his wife, “ I would not laugh at that part of it for worlds; but a little harmless nonsense about a ghost you will surely not deny me. I shall positively be jealous of the fascinating shade, if you object and fear you have scoret meet ingF.” She looked with pretty wiifulness into Winter’s faoe, hut floated away to the piano, where her sweet voice gave a turn to the thoughts of the company. The following three hours were tho most delightful Rupert had ever Epent. Ife ob tained the seat next Alice in the old chimney corner, and I know the boy weli enough to be sure that as the evening grew he pressed closer and closer to her side. HU lips spoke on but ordinary subjects, but eyes can be more eloquent than lips, and if ever eyes uttered a declaration of love they were those of my friend. | Miss Ellsler’s were fastened on the flames, ! aud bidden by the thick lashes. She seldom raised them to let any of those present rc&d; their story, though Rupert would have given a year of his life to have had a f quare look'at them. She eat nearly as motion less a3 an alabaster statue, save for the low mnsio of her replies ; onoa or twice a faint color rose to her cheeks, as toward the end of the evening the tone in whioh my friend uttered his oommunplaces became still more tender; but it might have been only the flickering of the Are, and Rupert, when the ladies said good night, felt all the despair for her coldness, and all the readi ness to translate trifles into hope that be comes a model lover; and in spite of her downcast eyes, it is probable that Miss Alice readily interpreted the language of his, for women see more with their lids shut than men do through spectacles. Although the oompany had watched the death of the old year and the birth of the new, Mrs. Winter declared that she intended keeping the ladies a while longer from sleep with the ghost story she and Alice would tell Edith. “I think we’d batter sit in your.room, Alice," she said, “ then you will uot have to go down tho Btairs lat3 at night, ns yon would if you came up with me. I hope you don’t object to sleeping on the first floor; I have no guest room but Edith's upstairs in whioh a fire can be built.” Miss Ellsler answered that .she did not ob ject at all, and the ladies passed from the room, Hamilton springing to open the door for them, and take one more long, curious look at Aliee Ellsler. Her cool glance bad been the one thing that had made disourd in Rupert's evening, and when Hamilton held Alice’s hand for a long moment as he bade her farewell, and sho colored under his searohing eyes as she had not done under those of m7 friend, the youth felt all the unreasoning jealousy that WMMtWftlia the case. In truth, Rupert was only desirous of finding something about which he might quarrel with tho Westerner. “ A lovely woman,” remarked Hamilton, returning to hi3 seat and lighting a cigar. “ So—30 ; wants oolor,” said tho ancle. “ You will be apt to recognise her face when you Bee it again,” said Rupert, passing over the general's remark and addressing the younger man. Hamilton stared a moment and then laughed. “What do you mean, sir?” demanded Rupert. “ Nothing at all.” “ Sir, 1 will not be answered thus said Rupert, furiously, forgetting, in hi9 strange passion, tho laws of common courtesy. “ Come,Davison,” interfered Winter, tak ing his arm, *• Hamilton has assuredly done nothing to call forth this heat; there is a 1 mialake; let us forget it and be Xriondly for | onother hour.” “Tuab! Charles, let them have it out,” said tho uncle. ‘‘Not at all,” said HamiUcn. good hmnoredjy. “Mr. Davison is ready to be friends with me, I am sure.” Rupert, still strangely , unlike. himself, muttered a sulky Assent. Here is something you will be interested in, gentlemen,” said Winter, turning the sub ject, and ho displayed a quaint locket. set with emeralds—the same Rupert had noticed during the evening as sparkling at the throat of Alice Ellsler. “ My wife handed tbis to me, with Miss Ellaler’s consent to exhibit the miniature within. It was left her as a legacy, by her nnole, and contains s portrait of the unfortunate girl of whom you have heard so much this evening.” While speaking Winter handed the orna ment to the others and they examined it in turn. “ It looks like this girl herself,” said the “It does strongly resemble her,” replied Winter, “ yet it wantB tho firmness of char acter that Miss Alice shows. Here ib more of eeqaetry and childishness.” Rupert said nothing ; he could have gszed on forever, it was so like Alice, but tho Westerner was waiting to take it. He also gazed a long time, but asked, irrele vantly : “ Winter, bow did you obanoe to purchaee thi3 out-of-the-way place 1 I had no idea, when I started with you, that you were tak ing mo so far out of the world. I thought you probably lived in the village of “ It was a whim of my wife’s,” replied Winter. “ Are you acquainted with this region, Hamilton?” “ 1 once knew a little of the country about here,” replied Hamilton, after a mo “ Come, Winter,” said Rupert, “are we not at last to hear this story to which so many allusions have been made ? This is the hour for such a tale, and I begin to believe in it since I have seen this foce. I hope she will | honor me with a glimpse of her lovely features.” “ Which you will assuredly recognise,” said Hamilton, dryly, for Rupert had again possessed himself of the locket, and was poring over the miniature. My friend nearly dropped the bauble, and an angry flush crossed big face. “ The resemblance is certainly striking,” drawled Hamilton. “ between—” j “Sir,” said Rupert, half-rising, “I insist | upon an explanation of—” “ I am willing to tell yon all I know of the story,” interrupted Winter, as if the alter cation was not goiDg on, but, at the same | time, gently pushing Rupert back into his 'seat. “First let us throw on another log,, and general, sit nearer to the fire. Tho re- | ; lation will not take long, and no one need believe the part concerning the ghostly “ I sha’n’t,” said the uncle. “You may sleep through that part, ’said his host. With apparent carelessness he drew his chair between Rupert and Hamilton, and commenced his narration. “ The last Van Rensselaer that lived,” Baid Winter, “ was not remarkable in any par ticular way except for his large family. He | had three eons and seven daughters born to him, and thc.young women being more thau ordinarily fair, were known thronghunt the region as the ‘ Seven Sisters,’ so called in reference to the seven bright stars in tho Pleiades.” “ There aro bat six now,” said the j “ This bright band diminished still more rapidly,” said Winter. “ The eldest, the j mother of Miss Alice, married and became j almost disconnected with her family by j going to dwell with her husband in England; \ a fever scourge that ravaged this region j visited three of the remaining sisters, two of | whom never rose from their beds again, the I one that recovered being the lady of the miniature, and the youngest of the family. Old Van Rensselaer was nearly crazed by the Eutlden gap in his fireside circle, and the whole county mourned with him, for it is not to bo supposed that the light from such a constellation had been hidden, even if shining from this retired spot. With anxious tenderness did the old man guard the three daughters yet remaining, and the whole family united in bestowing especial care on the youngest, lest the fever might have left her frailer than the rest. “She bad always been the favorite with her father, her mother dying soon after ber birth, and she budded into womanhood amid such fostering care that the breath of the summer wind was hardly known to her. As the time rolled on Van Rensselaer grew reconciled to his sorrows, and let the silver voices of life -last three girls comlcrt him. Grace, the lady whose picture we have seen, was as wilful and spoiled as might have been expected, but her naturally sweet and childish disposition, as well as her intensity in affection, caused her friends to regard her im perious ways as an added charm. Her family gave way before her always, and delighted in her tyranny. She was, per haps, tho loveliest of all, but the sisters re sembled each other so closely that-often in the evening, when they gathered here aboai tbe hearth, Van Rensselaer, musing in their midst, hardly knew as their light forms flitted past him whether they were those of his lost or living darlings.” “ The man must have been a fool,” said the uncle. “ The striking resemblance to each other is a trait of the family,” said Winter. “ You perceive Mis3 Alice baa not escaped it. But to resume : you may imagine lovers were not wanting in this home in those days—fifteen years ago, it is no longer than that—but Grace danced - over all their hearts and finally persuaded her father that tbis coun try home was not enough to content young women for ever, and that a winter in town was necessary for. herself and her sisters. The old gentleman reluctantly consented; he bad a strange presentiment about letting bis daughters leave the shelter of their child hood’s home, but beauty, as usual, wheedled and conquered and Miss Graae and her sisters enjoyed the keight of metropolitan gaieties for a few months, driving their father nearly into his dotage by their inces sant round of balls and operas; for he in sisted on accompanying them wherever they “ Right glad was he, at the first breath of spring, to gather them into tbe old home ; but rumor whispered that he could not keep his nest so fall much longer and that one of his birds was making ready to ase her wings. In fsop, though no country lover had been able to catch Miss Grace, the wild little beauty had been tamed by eemeese in the great city and came back to her home Gnly to fill it with preparations for white satin and wedding oake, that she might leave it J again. ! “ There was nothing too precious or toe costly for Grace at this period, and however the coming parting might rend the hearts oi tba family, they eonld not bat be glad in the joyousness that overflowed in the bride to be; with a heart eminently formed for loving, this new affection seemed also to deepen the old, and she bung about them all with a thousand caresses that doubly endeared her. The days in which she seemed fairly unable to contain her bappinoss were those in which she received the letters from her lover; be was not often, if ever, able to visit her, but his missives were regularly sent, the seal printed, I suppose, with clasped hands, or a deer, or some such other faithful device. “Atlasti.be bridal day arrived; the early morning was to bring the lover; tto_wed ding drees was spread out in readiness, white and glistening as a snowy bank, every stitch in the finery having been set by the sisters of the bride! The early hours passed and the bridegroom. did not oomc; noon struck, and still he bad not arrived; the wedding would not take place till sun dowD, and Borne accident might have made him late; but as the afternoon dragged away without the appearance ol the lover, a vague forboding struck the hearts of the family. “ Van .Rensselaer had seated himself in hie old chair—your seat, colonel—and fallen into muBings of which his olecching -band and fiery eye told something; the two elder daughters, seated near him, whispered together, and oast, anxiona looks into the front room, where Grace hung at the window. “‘Let ua dress her, Piorenoe,’whispered I Ethel, the sister next the youngest. ‘ It will | divert her mind and the guests will Boon be here now. We will make the robing a long p.'ocess, and so tide her tho better over this suspense before he comes.’ ‘“Let her -alone ?’ interrupted old Van Rensselaer, londly. * Do not think to triok her in those wretched gew gaws now, if ever.’ “His daughters shrank into frightened silence, and a moment later a message was brought to the old gentlemen. He tore it open, and then dashed it under his feet. _ “1 Curse him 1“ be exclaimed in a terrible voice. 1 Quick! shut the door, and let ns think bow we can teil that poor young thing that he iB false to her 1’ “ Ilia precautions were too late; his tone had been louder that he knew; a loud ehriek struck their ears, and rushing into tho other room, they saw Grace fall heavily to the floor.” “ Why didn’t he come 1” inquired the nncle, prosaically. “ He wrote,” said Winter, “ that a new business opening called him distant for an incalculable time; that it was impossible for a lady to accompany him, and that as his time of return was so uncertain, it would be unwise to leave a young bride behind wist fully awaiting him. lie said it would be wrong, also, to Grace and her own family, and- added that he would not hold the girl bound.” “What dastardly coldness!” oried Ru pert. “An nnexpeoted gate into fortune was placed before him,” Baid Winter,” “ and the temptation proved too great.” “ Well, well!” said the uncle. “ I suppose i he reasoned that girls were as plenty as | blaokberries in July, and fortunes as scarce as cherries in December ; but givo him all: I the grace you may, he should have managed not to break a young thing’s heart. Did ha make his fortune ?” “ I never heard,” answered Winter. “ I i know nothing more about him, not even his | name; the family never mentioned him “ What a grim time they must have bad sending baok the guests, feeding the wedding cake to tho pige and burning the bride’s dress,” exclaimed the uncle. “ I do not know what became of the wed ding dress,” said Winter; “but the dress was. not burned then, at all events ; it was left as it wae, spread out in the great spare obamber, and quite forgotten, while poor Grace was carried to her room unconscious. So far it is an old story; we often read ro mances founded on a false bridegroom; bnt this ends differently from any I have heard before. Grace lay in this insensible condi tion until the next day at twilight, then ehe woke and asked naturally what time it was, and when told.murmnred that it was strange that her lover was so late. Florence, who was with her, tried to soothe her to sleep, but she was restless, and insisted upon get ting up, and, as usual, brooked no restraint, saying, ’ It is time to dress.’ *• She only partially dressed, however, motioning away the blue house dress she was in the habit of wearing, and looking im patiently around, her sister did not know for what; but as Grace was eoon quieted, Florence wrapped a shawl'about her sister and left her half dreaming in a great chair, while ehe went to tell tho others of the obange. “ She was detained a few moments, and on her return Grace was not in the room, nor was Ehe to be found in the house. The poor girl, rousing again, and with the idea that the twilight warned her to be dressed for her bridal, had found her wedding clothes and arrayed herself in them even to the veil and to taking the bouquet which was withering in a vase. TheD, with the thought struggling in her misty brain that something was wrong with her lover’s delay, she left the house, un observed, to seek for him, and waB found, near midnight, wandering in the damp fields. , “ The end can easily be told; the exposure brought on a return of the fever from which she had suffered in her childhood, and this time she was its victim.” ‘‘ Tbe victim of that scoundrel, yon mean,” interrupted Rupert. “A well told tale,” exclaimed the uncle, “ but no ghost.” *“ I am coming to it now,” said Winter; “ but you need not listen, of course.” “ I won’t,” ssid the uncle. “ You can Bleep—” “I will.” “ There aro few men,” continued the host, “ who, under suitable times and conditions, do not believe in ghostB.” “I don’t,” said the uncle, who was still awake. “ There are some exceptions,” pursued the narrator, “ but the majority of men are at times impressed with the sense of the super natural. The country people say that after old Van Rensselaer died, the youDger portion of the family would not remain because the place was haunted by the presence of the poor young bride in her wedding robes. I cannot vouch fer that; the brother with whom I transacted the business told mo that there were Igo many sad associations for them to choose to liva here; but it is said that old Van Rsnsselaer, as he eat every evening where the general sits now, would never retire until he had seen the apparition of hia daughter.” “ Ha eat up all night then, I venture,” said the uncle. “ I agree with you; it is strange what fables these empty country minds invent,” observed Hamilton, striking match after match in an effort to light another cigar. Rupert said nothing; but he was, in vnlgar parleDce, all ears. “I am no more euperstitious than the rest,” Eaid Winter, “ but I confess to a wish to believe the story. There is something touching in the thought of tbe old man sit ting by his mouldering fire, night alter night, and waiting far into the small hours for a eight of hie darling. There was one guest that told the story most coherently, and said he oangbt sight of the lady. It seems that he knew nothing of the habit of his host, and as the old gentleman showed no signs of re tiring, and ensconced himself as if for a long fireside gossip, the gnest did likewise. Pos sibly the shade of the young bride was later than usual, or tbe stories ol the guest were tedious, for tbe head of Van Rensselaer dropped upon his breast, and he fell into a eonnd sleep. The visitor sat mutely watch ing the embers, and halt listening to tbe light tread of footsteps that for some time he had fanoied be beard on the walk. More and 'more distinctly they Bounded, until ho clearly caught the oliok of little boot heels and the sweep of silk.” Rupert, raising his eyeB at this point, met those of Hamilton fixed upon him, and knew that he bad heard tbe same sounds as him self. Foe some time past my friend had beard,' through tbe muffling of tbe heavy cur tains, v>hat might have been footsteps on tbe little balcony that jutted from the side windows. “The footsteps continued for a long time,” Winter waB saying; “ from the sound it seemed as if the person were walking around and around the house. Each time they paused a longer time under the wiedow; but the old man still slept on, and at last the sound seemed to recede in a different direction.” Rupert relates that now Hamilton and himself distinctly heard a knocking on the window from the outside ; it ceased and re turned at intervale, but seemed clear to their strained hearing, although Winter, engrossed by bis story, and the uncle, half asleep in his chair, did not notice it. “The guest could endure inaction no longer," said tho unconscious Winter. “ Rushing to tho window, he flung up the shade. There was a faint moon.” “’Tistheivy tapping," muttered Hamil ton. _ By the light of the moon he could dis tinguish tho receding form .of a woman vanishing across the snow in a dress and veil as-white as it, and leaving no prints be hind her. As he stood almost paralysed, he peroeived that Van Vensselaer bad come np behind him, and was watching the last misty outlines of the fignre with an expression not of fear, but of grief and tenderness.” “ Knock 1" very plainly now. Two knoeks. A pause, then,'"Knock, knock, knock 1” three times, the eound somewhat deadened : by the cnrtaiES, but certainly on the outside of the lower window panes. Winter was roused by it. " What was that ?” he demanded. Ho one answered him, not even the knock ing ; there was dead Bilence—a silence, Rupert says, even more uncomfortable than the sounds. Who or what was on the bal cony, and what was happening in the still neBB ?” “ It was the wind, alter all,” Baid Winter, finally, with a deep breath ; but even as he spoke there came another faint sound, what like they could not tell. The uncle, who had been half asleep, opened his eyes, " What is the matter with yon, boys ?” he said, peevishly. “For my part, I never hoard suoh a tissue of non—” He stopped, for the window was thrown violently open from the outside, and the cur tain swept; awoy as though by the cold wind that rushed in. Aod there, to the fearful eyes of the group inside, and against tbe black back ground of tho night, appeared the white form of a woman. The lamps flared in the sudden access of air, and plainly showed a fignre clad in tbe drees of a bride, though never bride waB seen as pale as she. A veil of misty lace shaded herhair and died in the shadow, and her dress was like tbe snow cn the coping of tho window ; bat her face, the faoo of tbe miniature, was whiter than either, and seemed utterly without life; the head thrown back, tho eyes closed and the beautiful, colorless lips half open. Her small hands were olenohed on the window ledge as if to keep her from falling, and she swayed to and fro as if blown by tbe The four men started to their feet and stood spell bound. Winter seemed dezed ; the general waH behind him, his hair on end ; and from Hamilton, pale as the lady herself, broke a sharp cry. Grace 1” he said. “ Grace ! Grace 1 Grace!” As for my friend, after one second be cleared the space between him and the window at a bound, and bad the form of the ghost in his arms. _ '; “ Do yon not see who it is ?” he ofied, as be lifted her oTer-the sill and brought her to the fire. “It is Mies Ellsler, and she has fainted.” “ Miss Ellsler 1” exolaimed Winter. “ What could she be doing out there ?” A question that Rupert oonld answer no better than the others, and he was too busily engaged in restoring his lovely gboBt to think, at present, any farther. He had placed hta burden in tbe chair of her grand father, but still supported her head on his shoulder, while he shafed her bands and pushed tbe air book from her temples; in deed, I have my suspicions that tbe boy, in tbe confusion of the moment, carried liiB re storatives still further while that fair face lay turned toward him on his breast, ana Winter and Hamilton Eought frantically for water and spirits. A3 for tho uuclc, after a careful survey of the lady he camn to a half conclusion that it might be Miss Ellsler; but he closed tbe yindow tightly, and saw that thiB time it was thoroughly bsried. It was some time before Miss Alioe revived sufficiently to give an account of her pre sence, but when she did the explanation was simple enough. Mrs. Winter and Edith had lingered ia her room until quite late, and after they had left, Alice, advancing to the window, saw that the moon was ris ing with beautiful (.fleet over the snowy hills. The better to enjoy it, she had thrown a lace scarf over her head, and stepped opon the small balcony upon which her windows opened, as the library windows did upon a similar balcoDy. She closed tbe window behind her, lest the night air should chill her room, and, when attempting to return, found to her alarm that the wiedow fastened with an old- fashioned spring when closed, and conld only be opec9ti from the in side, Her situation waB a gloomy one; there appeared to be no release from spending the 1 night on the balcony, unprotected from the | cold, and with no companion save the chaste Diana. Suddenly, however, she caught tna glimmer of light from the library windows, ' which were next her own, and she knew that the men had not yet retired. The thought struck her that if ehe could get from her own upon the library balcony, she might be let in through the library window. With some dangor, and more difficulty, she at last accomplished this, but seemed unable to make the m6n aware of her presence. They were some distance from the window, the curtains were of the heaviest, and her strength was so fast failing her that she could barely summon force to tap npon the panes. For a moment, Alice said, ehe thought she lost consciousness, theD, ronsing, gathered all h9i powers and made a last desperate at tempt to raise the eash herself. In this she proved successful, as the window fastened merely with an ordinary bolt, which bad net yet been secured. From that moment she knew no more. ' ■ “No wonder you fancied me a gkest,” said Alice, with a faint smile, as Bhe took her emerald locket from the table and prepared to withdraw;" I suppose you had been hear ing the story of my poor auDt." “Ghosts! Nonsense, child!” said tho uncle, who had.qaite recovered himEelf. The next morning Hamilton did not ap pear at breakfast, and Winter eaid that ur gent business had called the Westerner away. After the meal, his host took Rupert aside for a moment. “Did you notice,” he said, “that there was the place for another miniature within the emerald locket?” “ Yes,” said Rupert. “ It was originally filled by tbe picture of Miss Yan Itansselaer’s lover,” said Winter, “ but was destroyed before the locket came into Miss Ellsler’a possession. Now if we could sec that painting, whore face do you suppose it would represent ?” . “ I cannot guess,” replied Rupert, “ That cl Hamilton," said Winter, gravely. “ I was sore cf it last night, by observing bis manner when Miss Ellsier appeared, and hia departure this morning confirms it.” This is all Rupert has told me, but there is another part of the etorjr which I gates. 