BOTTND HANB AND^dOT. \- — ? — - ? . ? ? BY THE ' AUTHOE OP ' THE MAID OP THE MAEBLE HEAfiT;' &c.-; &o.; I [All BIGHTS SESE&VED.J; I [Commenced in the Evening News of Saturday, Sept. 26/j I PART III. I CHAPTER IL— (CoNTraraB.) I , Itr. Willersley, who was smiling incre I dulously, but with apparent interest, now I asked in his turn — I « And where do you say this old woman I has seen the# ghost P' . . ? « Oh, in its old place by t' cottage. She I were going up to t' Warren an' it glided ? away from, the winder. She could a'most I ha' touched it, but she couldn't hear it. I An' it wur as like that pictur' of t' old I squire as one barley-corn's like another.' I 'And do you believe it, Mr. Kickyard?' I «' Well, no, Miss, I can't say ds I do j but ? mind you, I don't say as such things can't I happen. There's one thing as muddles me ? quite. Whenever t' old squire walks, it's E int' same place, an' there's no poacher B that'ul go near that cottage. Luke isn't fi over gentle wi' 'em. But Jem, old' Aggy's B husband, he wnr the boy. He take poachers B before the squire ? Not he ! He took 'em ? to that pool by t' waterfall after he'd done I wi1 'em. He wur six foot four wur Jem, I and over fond o' the ring when he wur ? young. I have heard say as he put a few ? pellets i' their legs o' times, when they ? were uncommon nimble, though he wur a B decent man, and childer liked him. Eh, ? dear, but. them times are gone ; he wouldn't I do that now. We're all scholards, and i we're all goin' to Parliament usselves I next ; and we've got the eclecttic light — I not that we see so much better by it how I to get us livings.' I Here the old man again took Mb hat off, I wiped his forehead with the handkerchief I he always kept inside it, and chuckled con I tentedly at his own wit. He, at least, was I satisfied with his lot, the greater part of I which had certainly been ' cast in what he I called the good old times. I Soon after this, Mr. Rickyard having I wished them good-day, Mr. Willersley and I his daughter found themselves at the I railway-station — 20 minutes too soon for I the train. I But at last it came, and Mr. Willersley I took his seat for Dinminster. I Gertrude, who had already given many j injunctions, and extorted several promises, I had one more word at the window. I ' Now, whatever you do, papa, don't be late for the train, and don't have to hurry. You know that time when you were hurry ing to ? ' ' Yes, yes, love ; but you know I haven't fainted now for — how long is it P' ' Oh, papa, but that last time you were so long. Even I was frightened. I wish I was going with you. May I go now P' 'No, no, love, you couldn't, this time. And I shan't be by myself a minute. If the pictures are as good as I think, I shall clear £100, and you must think what you'd like out of it. Good-bye, pet.' '* Good-bye, papa. 'z And the train moved slowly away. ! Gertrude still looked into her father's ! face with a yearning, almost mistrustful j look ; and he, forgetting everything elise, I for one moment at least, looked back into hers with a face full of love and pride. Was not all this, and- the far, far worse deceit and sin which had led to it, for Gertrude's sake P Surely the father was eating eour grapes, that the child's teeth might not be set on edge. CHAPTER III, — An Exchange of Pictures, Arriving at Dinminster, Mr. Wiilersley took a cab, called at his old rooms for the pictures— a big parcel corded up as they were, even without frames — a big one, and in one sense, at least, a very heavy one ; and then drove straight to Algernon Brinklough's. He heard it strike 4 ia the cab (that was the appointed time), and directly after rang the bell at Brinklough's door, still eagerly ?watching' the cab, leet that dread burden — the key to emancipation— should be stolen from. him. at last. When he heard the door opening, his heart beat so fast that any doctor who had attended him would have expected him to fall down in a faint. But he did not. ??' Is Mr. Brinklough ai home ?' « What name, sir ?' ' Brushington,' that was the name agreed on. Only once before had Mr. Wil* lersley been a caller there, and then noae but Brinklougrh, saw him. ' Will you go into his room, sir? The first door to the right, upstairs.' ' Isn't he ia P' ' Not just now, sir j but he said you would wait. I was to tell you he had gone to Mrs. Silversides', and would be back as soon as possible.' . Bitterly disappointed, lie threw* himself down in 'an easy chair, his parcel bewd.0 him, and, with watch in hand, began lite rally to count the minutes, The first moment he had entered the room he had looked round for some trace of the counterfeit pictures, but he saw none. There were many effects of amateur photography about, a few landscapes un framed, and an easel with some unfinished daub on it — Brinklough had actually begun to paint ! These things at one time would have made the old artist smile, now they only xoade him. wonder. He concluded that these signs were the blind under which he, was getting the pic tures back, }ike the sjmilar bjind— ,not quite so extensive— under wbieh ho bad first sepure4 them. These things did no! engage much of Mr. Willersley's attention at first; but, after ft quarter of an hour's suspense, sitting Btill became impossible, and he walked up and down the room— 'a'large one— examin- ing everything. . In one cornejc, - tlje darkest, on the floor and covered cpmplettijj', though it segmed very carelessly, with a travelling rug, he stumbled on something that made him start, and start with joy. They were the y.^rit^ble feftmes ££pi» which the purloined Hfnwetida Jje4 fcei»» taken months agp,-,n4 into whteh. ha had como to replace iUum* * They were empty frames, bttt( pplliftg «4E the rug;' which waB V|-a^|^'^^;:!|S|e^^t|^' 'against whioliL^^-1^^- ri»;:^W;^SBr* neath the couch a parcel exactly corr4 epondina: in size and* Bmrilarly packed to that which he had brought— undoubtedly the ebunterf eit Renwoods were there I A thrill of joy shot through; the old artist's frame such as he had not known for long. He waft indeed to he exoLaxL cipated. .'.' He was tempted to tear open the parcel, and destroy the proof of his guilt there and then, And afterwards to put the genuine pictures in their frames. Everything was in his own hands. If Brinklough did not come immediately he would do it, and take back the pictures to Mrs. Silversides with the best excuse he could find. The same moment Brinklough did come. Mr. Willersley heard him on the stairs, running up in haste. Carelessly throwing the rug again partly over the frames, he remained looking at them,- -when BTinklough, out of breath -with the haste he had made, burst, into the room. ,. . -. ' Oh, Mr. Willersley, if you hadn't come, I should have been lost. Quick, quick 1 there's not a minute to spare. These are the pictures.' 'Yes,' said Mr. Wiilersley, as Brink loueh, already on his knees with a pen knife, was slashing at the cords. ' And you've got the money P Is it in notes?' 'Yes.' ?.?.', 'Thank Godl Thank God! If that money had not been paid— as it must be, every penny of it in two hours — I should have been ruined for ever. My enemy is implacable, and he knows too much.' While Brinklough was talking, excited and nervous, his hand trembling and his face, not now pale and worn as Mr. Wil lersley last saw it, but almost crimson with f everishness, he was fixing the pictures into their frames (Mr. Willersley helping him as much as the use of one hand would allow, quite as excitedly) at a speed and is a manner with which pictures of that' value are rarely handled. The few implements necessary (for the pictures were not protected by glass) had been left ready, and they were all framed in a remarkably short time. 'Now,' Baid Brinklough, leaving the last one and ringing the bell, ' we must go this minute. In less than an hour eoaieone may be there — the way is clear now ; I've just come away. The cab is waiting for us; I brought it with me, Fanny,' he said, in a calmer voice, to the girl who answered the bell, ' carry that picture down care* fully. Mr. Brushiagton, can you manage to carry one?' When the girl had disappeared, he said, ' Your name is Brushington, remember. Did you remember, when you asked for me?' ? ' Yes,' said Mr. Willersley. 'By jove! that's well. Your painting for Renwood so much is not such a great secret. I've found that out;' When the pictures were safely stowed in the cab and Mr. Willersley had taken his seat, Brinklough squeezed himself in, and gave the cabman the address. He did that without any secrecy, and in a clear voice, telling him to drive fast. Away they roiled, the rattle making con versation almost impossible, a welcome circumstance, no doubt, and in -a quarter of an hour they were at Mrs. Silversides' s house. Again, for a moment, the stress of excite ment to Mr. Willersley became intense, and again he was happily relieved. 'Well, Jane,' said Brinklough, to the servant who opened the door (and now there was not a trace of either excitement or low spirits in his voice), 'I'm here again ; I'm giving you a deal of trouble.' ' Not at all, sir,' said the girl, seeming pleased to be noticed. ?' Will you want any help, eir? I've left the gtepe,' *' That's a good girl. Now, Mr. Brush ington, if you don't mind handing toe pic tures in as I give them to you, Oh, i forgot,' looking at Mr. Willersley' 8 helpless arm. ' I beg your pardon, Mr. Brushington. Jane will take them. She's getting quite a connoisseur in pictures, and helps me to any. extent.' The girl laughed at this, and set of£ with the first instalment. So the pictures were transferred, Brink lough very noticeably addressing his com panion as Mr. Brushington, it seemed ridiculously, often. Having dismissed the cab, Brinklough carried the last picture through the hall himself, Mr. Willersley accompanying him. into tne room — the so-called dining-room — which presented a somewhat remarkable appearance. - ? Here, as in Brinklough's own room, was an easel with canvas on it, affecting— very vaguely affecting— to represent a picture hung on the wall behind it. There were also photographs about, a camera, and other items pertaining tp an artist's of a photo grapher's work. Tne whole effect suggested an ama teur's—a most pronounced amateur's— retreat. \; . .?/. 'This, M*. Bwshingtoa/' said Brlnk lough, the girl standing fry the door and now looking at him with an expression of admiration; this, Mr. Brushington, by Mrs. Silversides'a very gracious permission, is what I call my studio. Art is my hobby, ha, ha I I call i% my hobby at present, but time will show — time will show 1' Here Brinklough — thdt imperial actor« glanced towards his one - unprejudiced spectator, and the expression on her face deepened into something surpassing ad miration, - i 'Can. I &\- anything §^$( M^ Briofc lpagh f ' eh© asked, a» if reluctant to go. 'N*, Jane, thank jro»— »6* tp-day,' Sh* *U»» went away, caflfiiag th-Q door after h$r, and Brinklough held hip linger up to command «il«no^ until the sound «f hec footsteps ceased. K' r 'Uo,' he' then oontinutd, s^lfch an ex presBion of intensp reUef,*' no? any other 4ay. I|i five jnojfe minutef jny h,obby (a ourae uppn it !) will be at s£n end for ever.*' Nowf seizing pne pf, Wfi ©tdtures 0he qords were «n) he jnpunted tfte Steps, and disragardkig Ms. Wilitrsley'B goffered aid, which indeed could have been b»t * plight, he hung it quickly in its old place, gave one twitch to put it etraignt, Jwid wab down again iu les» than awtont?. ' - * ^P h^ .proDee^a,. wt*^ #* fife -»* 1i3|i^n (the one geriuine B«nw*od whiol* he had not bewn able to tamper with ban|jing is its |-U«» mifArh BrinklOughiiia low voice, the work went on in s^efioef and it .^ras Boon ended. ; ? /:.. When the '?Ti^t^^lustamivaa^s'^^f^t^L^. lersley's face, as he looked lip to it, wotild have baffled all artists, even Xtenwood, to interpret. The prevailing expression^ was satisfaction, but there was a deep look of pain underlying it. It was $. picture, 4f, there could be such a thing, of beatified remorse— a picture which said ftp those who had the key),. 'The agony o^ sus pense is over. I smile, but I shall bV sad for life.' ' Let us get out,' he whispered,: under his breath: ' Let us get out!'. .Five minutes afterwards they were out. I pass over Algernon Brinklough's assumed nonchalance, varied by theatrical import ance shown in their departure. An elderly woman — an old nurse or housekeeper— had appeared this time in answer to the bell, and Mr. Brinklough had given her various little messages for Mrs. Silversides, if she should be well enough to listen to them. He had also affably called the* woman's attention to one of the pictures, consulting at the same time with 'Mr. Brushington.*' And she had smiled, certainly with less interest than the servant girl showed, but, if possible, even with less suspicion of any thing happening that was mysterious or wrong or unusual. . But I have said they were outside. They were scarcely outside, walking from 'jthe gate in -that quiet avenue on the outskirts of Dinminster, when- Mr. Brinklough, with his watch in his hand, and all that fiery energy again in his face, turned to his companion. '* Now, Mr. Willersley, it's over ! — your part in this misery is over, and there' 6 only an hour to save me from perdition. See, here is your note. Tear it up, and give me mj £300.' Mr. Willersley took the promissory note and put it into his waistcoat pocket. Then putting his hand into his trousers pocket, he drew out a thin and rather dirty bundle , of paper. ' ?? It was £300 in Bank of England notes. ' Yes, yes,' he said, that abstracted, sad expression still on his face, now varied by a look of bewilderment. ' I have the notes here. j but my pictures— the forgeries — I should like to see them destroyed first. Let us go and destroy them, then I will give it you.' . ' Ohl' cried Brinklough, ' those cursed things. Are they to be my 'ruin yet? Why didn't we 'destroy them before we came ? They are all ready. Let us find a cab.' Then looking at his watch. ' No, no, it is now impossible ; it is half -past 5. If the money is not paid to that man before half-past 6^ and his office is three miles from here, and I'm not sure -that he won't have gone even then, the letter will be posted that will ruin me. And I can't tell — I can't tell, Mr. Willersley, though, God knows, vindictiveness is not in my mind now, in the inquiries that would follow all this affair might come out.' Mr. Willersley now looked more resolute, put the notes baok into his pocket, and shook his head. ' Then you don't trust me even yet, Mr. Willersley P Do you want to ruin me, and perhaps yourself? What the deuce are those things worth now ? Can't we destroy them six hours hence and gloat over it ?'' Mr. Willersley still stood immovable, and shook his head. Algernon Brinklough put his hands to his forehead with a gesture of despair ; ' Let me try to be calm. You want the pictures destroyed — slashed up — burmt ? ' 'Yes.' ' What time are you going baok P' ' I wanted to go by the 7 train, but I can stop any length of time.' . ' Very well, then ; listen. Go by the 8 train, and I will be at the station with the pictures, or with afoot of canvas cutout of each of them — that. with Kenwood's name on.' Mr. Willersley nodded assent. ' If that is impossible,' he continued, ' if I've to hunt that man all over Din minster, then I will be at our old place in the wood-*— by the waterfall, where we planned all this — at 10 o'clock. If I can't catch the 9.80 train, I will drive. I must have' that money to-night, and now, if you've a spark of mercy alive in you, give me £100 to appease him with..' While this proposition was being made, a great change came over Mr. Willersley's facer—he was thinking rapidly. Brinklough, it could be seen in his face, drew a favorable conclusion, and, to some extent, he was right— to some extent. For Mr. Willersley, fumbling in his pocket to disentangle the notes, drew one of them out, and give it to him. ?*' Very -well,'* he said, as Brinklough. eagerly seized it. ' The meeting at the station is uncertain, and Gertrude would be getting nervous. We'll say the old place by the. waterfall at 10 o'clock. I can easily get out then .unnoticed. You bring a foot of canvas from each picture, and I'll bring the £200.' A gleam of something like gratitude overspread Brinklough's face, ' I'll be there,'; he said ^'but'sweas-.that. you'won't disappoint me, or it will be ruin t' ' I will certainly be there.' « But,' said Brinklough — a strange after thought, ' suppose you have one of those awful faints of your's, and can't comef Oh, my God ! what should I do P' ' No, no,' said Mr. Willersley, ' I shall not have one j but, even so, I would come then, when it was over. And see/' he con tinued, perhaps touched by the depth of anxiety which oould suggest such an obstacle as that, ♦' if another £100 would help you eo muoh you can have it.' ' O, thanks — a thousand thanks 1' said Brinklough: 'and now let. meet*?*. I muet run. This is my way.' (so sb poNxnrcBD.) 