DBAMATTC NOTES. Charles Reades drama 'Irs Never too Late to Mend,' with Mr. Charles Warner playing the principal part, has met with wonderful success at Drurv-lane. Mr. Augustus Harris nas secured tne services ot juts, .uangtry mine play 'Formosa,' which will be the next piece at this theatre. Mrs. Langtry has concluded her season at the Princess s -Theatre with rather disastrous results. Mr. Wilson Barrett has had a bad season, and is closing his theatre. Mr. Henry Irving has been unfortunate enough to meet with an indifferent season, and in con sequence of the failure of '.Raven3wood' he has had to revive old stock pieces, which run for a week or a fortnight Mr. Irving intends to take a long provincial tour, and the Ameri can company from Daly's take the Lyceum until Christmas. _M. Antoine, the organizer of the Theatre Libre, has done many bold things in connec tion with his original enterprise (says the Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph), but he has never done anything more daring than to bring_ out Ibsen's 'Canard-Sauvage' on a -Parisian stage. There is one very cleverly drawn character in the play— that of the Ehotographer, Hialmar Ekdal, who is a highly nished type of the unconscious humbug. The character is drawn with great power by the dramatist, and sustained admirably by M. Antoine,. who often excels in the delineation of such personages. The photographer's daughter, Hedwig, who, 'intending to kill the ' Wild Duck' m order to please her father, shoots her self instead, was impersonated charmingly by Mdlle. Meuris— a girl who, if she goes on as ?well as she has Ixjgun, will uiuk«a name on the | stage. Tlie play was mounted with great care. ? j The Siitxti- day £cviar aiul th-i flj-frUt tor arc ! not behind the Quarterly Rccivi' in their con- j temptuous dismissal of the claims of ' Hedda, | Gabler.' The former declaivs that 'the straightforward coarseness of the Restoration }-]:tys ^ewiis comparatively wholesome bv the j Ki.le of the insidious mistiness of these photo graphio studies of vice- and morbidity.' The jsitt'-s- oheprvcjs that ' if the theatre should fall ; iiito the lipcds of Ibs--n and his followers, tho ; fce«-i:i: v»'uM be shifted from tho pulpit to the lei-ti're-ic-oui of a -medical school ; the theatre stage would become tbp operating theatre of the 'hospital— thoroom where the skilled sur geon vivisects his imt-ouseioiM patient, and explains to his snborbinates the nature of the d isease before them — and we should b« ex peeted to find gratification inthe careful exposition and illustration of all tho different stages in the most horrible hereditary complaints and mental oilman t«.' Mr. Frederick Wedmore, the accomplished critic of art and the drama, also i declares in the Acailtmy thnt ' lledda ISabler' 'does nut address itself to the cultivated, layman, but to the student of j mental disease:' aud he adds, 'of 'Hedda j Gabler5— less putrid indeed than 'Ghosts,' less L'opelessly enigmatical t'jan 'Rosiners hoim.' less simply - nonsensical than ' The Doll's Housp,* and yet quite, morbid, quite monstrous, and quite silly— of ; Hedda Gabler' not one other \vord.'r . ; The most curious 'thing iibont Ibsen (says the Rutlto) is the peculiar hold he gets on the critics. 'They have slanged him from Dan to Beereheba and back again— those of thenvwho are not Ibsenite — but- they cannot get rid of j any .new play of his much under a column, i Two hundred lines of abuse are a greater com- j plinient to an author than fifty lines 'of praise, j and the amount of unfavourable -comment j lavished on every Ibsen play shows, after all, : what an aniouut.of matter there is in the Nor wegian's work. Ibsen is a .power, who cannot be ignored, lie makes tho critics think, and that is a mental proi-ess so 'unfamiliar in the consideration of - most modern English plays that he necessarily stands out from the ruck in virtue of it alune. If t he man lia/1 ? us many faults as he. is charged with, au'd had not genius at the bottom of tjiein, he would be 1 dismissed in a contemptuous paragrr.pli. ' j Doing good by stealth m connection with the ' actor's profession : was, according- to the :£/?«, practically caniecVinto effect by Miss EUUine Terriss, the charming and the. talented daughter of Mr. William Terriss, of Mr. Irving's com- | pany — 'On Monday, April 13, the inhabitants j of the picturesque suburb of Bedford Park, Chiswick, heard tho strains of sweet music in their streets. It was found to proceisl from a guitar and a mandolin, played by two young ladies, in black dominoes and velvet masks, who went from door to door, collecting the reward of their minstrelsy iu bronze and silvor, their ? takings' altogether amounting ' to a nice little sum. A gentleman,' whose curiosity was excited, took the trouble to follow the fair instrumentalists, to penetrate their disguise, and to discover its motive. It appears that a j)oor old man, who' for many years has stood with his barrow outside Turn- j Iwm-green Station, gelling various humble re- j freshments, has been for some months past ; seriously ilL and the young ladies had adopted ; this means of raising funds, for thcyjoorold fellow in his distress. Their graceful and ingenious plan v.-;\s proposed by Miss EUalino Terriss. who was one of the disguised min strels, and who thus gave -a praiseworthy example of the generosity and charity which are distinctive characteristics of the profession of \yhich Miss Terns is «- pl«as!U£ ami pro liiij-injr a membei. ' In the course of a few weeks a new play yriYi be produced iu Adelaide, and it is now being actively -rehearsed. Mr.. Guy Boothby is tho author, and the title/he has given the play is 'Tho Jonquil.' The original ) dob was sug gested to him by Sir. Kyrle Bellew, and was partly written in collaboration with that actor, who, owing to his sudden departure for , Europe, had to terminate his relations with Mr. Bootbby. His interest iu the piece is still retained, aud the English rights are now ? in his. possession. Froui 'The Tale of Two Cities' the idea of the i-lny -eras first obtained, but in the course of construction a distinct line of treatment was given. We understand that arrangements are being made for the play to be produced at the Theatn; Roy;-.l, and Mr. Boothby is in communication with Mv. George Rignold, of Sydney, with a view to its produc tion there. According^ to the H'utUu Messrs. Alfred Cellier andTi. C. Stephenson, the authors of li Dorothy,' are writing a new opera for pro duction in Melbourne. It. is to bo calk-*! ' The Black Mask;' the scene is laid in Spam, and the period is the Peninsular War. Mr. Cellier is also composing music for an ojx»ra which he and Mr. W. S. Gilbert art- getting ready for Mr. D'Oyly CarJe, uhivb will be produced at thu Royal English Ojwvx When Mr; Gilbert parted from Sir Arthur Sullivan last year and transferred bis Tibivttfs-t aSFvctioiis : to Cellier no one suppou-d that tin; first fruits of the new partnership would po to Mr. D'Oyly ; Carte, but so it is to bV. \V« may u.v.|-e--t that the Savoy will not remain !o:i^ without ita ? Gilbert and Sullivan onerc ns i»f ycno. Rumour hath it that Mr. 1/Oyly C:ir;.-; lnw ? commissioned Mr. Hamish .MeCmni t ?- write ; the music for a grand oiK-fii founded on Rkl--r ? Haijpard'.-s 'Cleopntm,' .''.nil time tli-i u^w piece IB to follow 'Ivanhof/' t\t thn ll'jy.-il English Opera. \ Mr. Wilson Uarrett at » ivIhwhsk! [say* a London newspaper) told hi.~ company he had j been trying to teach them how to act until he | had nearly lost his voice, aud that if they did j not show more aptitude he would close the j theatie, and they would have to earn their ] own living. This rather opened the eyes of j the ladies and gentlemen of tho company, who ' firmly believed they had beeu naming their own living all along. Miss Katherine Lucile Focte, the uew mem ber of Mr. Wilson Barrett's company, is a daughter of the well-known Colonel Foote, of Washington, a recognised authority ou mili tary matters in America. 