Social. Hi ft Bxoollonoy tbo Govomor of Victoria and tho Countess of Hopotoun, abbanded by the Hon. Tabbon Willougbby, Gap bain Wallingbon and Mr, Angus Balaton, nbbondod morning aorvioo at Sb. Parrl's Oabho dral on Sunday, Mny 81, His Hxoollonoy, aooompaniod by Captain Hood and Captain Wellington, attended tho annual dinner ol' tho Ohambor of Ooraraoroo on Tuoaday, Juno 2, Last night (Thursday), Lord Hope toun gave a "Florent IStona " dinnor, when noarly all tho guosts, lileo the ISnrl himself, wore old Eton boys, This (Friday) evening, tho Q-ovornor will visit tho Bijou Thoatro, His Exoollonoy tho Covornor of Now South. Wales and the Countoss of Jorsoy entortainod at dinnor on Friday ovoning, May 29, tho Hon. Henry and Mrs. Hangar, tho Hon. JE, Combos, O.M.O-} tho Hon, H. 12, and Mrs. lCator, tho Hon, IT. Mosos and Miss Mosos, Hr, Tarrant, Mr. and Mrs, F. B. Lark, Mr, and Mrs. Stangar Loathes,. Sir William and Miss Ogg, Mr.' Oal vort, Mr, and Mrs. Gj- qorgo Jenkins, Sir Julian and Lady Salomons, Lord Anoram and Mr, Gfosohon. Lady Jorsoy woro a trainod gown of soa-groon volvot with a wido panel of oroam satin ombroidorod with gold and diamond ornaments, Mrs, Q-oorgo Jonlcins woro oroam sillc with silvor trimmings, ' Mrs. ITonry Hangar wore pinlc silk and ohiiTou, Mrs. Kator's palo bluo silk was trlmmod with volvot of a darlcor shade. Mrs, Franois Lark woro oroam satin, trimmod with gold and gold ornaments. Lady Salomons woro blnok satin, and broaado, trimmed with laoo and diamond ornaraonts. Miss Ogg woro palo yollow, trimmed with gold pasao montorlo, and diamonds in hor hair. Mrs, Stangar, Loathos was attired in blaok, Htk Excellency the Govoi'nor and the Countess of JTopetoun and mitv have aeeepted invitations to he present at the annual ball of the Ladies' Work Asso ciation at the Melbourne Town HnU on Wednesday, August 5, when a brilliant gathering is expected. Lady Jersey will hold throe evening receptions at Government IJouso, Sydney, this month, two of a musical character and one dance. The dates are fixed for June S, 1G and 2!5. Lady Mary Villievs gave a children's dance at Government House, Sydney, to celebrate her birthday;, on Thursday, May 28. It was a most enjoyable affair. Each child received a pretty present, the boys exchanging with their partners in the danoe. The cotillion was executed very nicely. Noarly all the little people wore in white or cream, than which, for children, nothing can be more becoming. The young hostess, Lady Mary, wore cream mer veilleux, plainly fashioned ; little Miss May Airey and the Misses Dangar, white nuns' veiling with buttei'cup. The Misses Vera and Tempe le Patourol, white muslin. Miss Anna Lark, cream surah with buttercup ribbons. Miss Innos, Miss Pearl Lamb and Miss Mabel Salomons wore present, and assisted a little in entertaining the younger children. Some of the other little guests were—Miss Helen M'Kensdo, Masters Frank Lark and Owen Griffiths, Mrs. Ruby and Gladys Griffiths, Master Stephen, Miss Jessie Cape, Miss Nellie Trickett, Master Walter Triokott, Miss Madolino Docker and her brother, the Misses Knox, Miss Sylvia Darloy and Master Vivien Airoy. • His Excellency the Governor of South Australia and Lady Kintore gavo a dance at Government House, Adelaide, on Wednesday, June 8, in honor of the visit of His Excellency Admiral Lord Charles Scott. Lady Norman's second, reception on Thursday afternoon, May 2S, at Government House, was attendod by a great, many ladies. and gontlemon. Lady Norman, with the Governor and the Misses Norman, received thoir visitors on the lawn. Tea and light refreshments wore served in the dining-room. Sin James MacBain, president of tlio Legislative Council, has arranged to celebrate the opening of Parliament, and also to welcome the Countess of Hopotoun on her return from England, with a grand concert in the Melbourne T'owu liall on Tuesday, June 28. The musical arrangements will be in the capable hands of Mr. Otto Linden. Tho vocalists-will bo Mrs, Palmer, Maclamo Christian, Mr. Jamos Wood, and Mr. A, PT. Goe, with othor loading artists as instrumentalists. A laigo number of invitations have been issuod by Sir Jnmes and Lady MacBain. Siu Matthew and Lady Davios entertained at dinner at " Bracknell " on Thursday evening, May 28—-Mr, Jnstico a'Bookett and Mrs. a'Beckett, the Hon. Nioholas and Mrs. Fitzgerald, tho Hon J. G. aud Mrs. Duffy, Rev. Walter and Mrs. Follows, Mr. and Mrs. T. S. Stnughtoii, Dr. aud Mrs. Bnlls-I-Ieaclley, Mr. and Mrs. T, Weigall, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Guthrie. Miss Snodgrns9, Miss Morcor, Captain Wallington and Mr. O, Qouiden Millor, Sir Charles and Lady Halld wore "At Homo" at Menzlo's on Monday afternoon, June 1, when about . ,800 people took tho opportunity of calling upon those distinguished artists. Visitors were rooeivod in the drawingroom on the ground floor, and delloate refresh ments wore servod in tho adjoining reading room, Both rooms and hall werh beautif ully>dQoomted with flowers, for which as is well-known Lady J-Inllii lias a . passionate fondness. There were plenty of attendants, and the gas was lit soon after 4 p.m, giving tho brilliant oifoot of an availing fosdvity. Lady I-Ialhi woro a most' effective gown of pale haliotropo W.M0~thd bodioo . of volvot, bordered with ■ juwoUod jHtxaovionUrte, and loose sleeves strapped with the same trimming, chiffon in soft folds falling from • the nook j diamond ornamonts. Mademoiselle Fillllu 1 gor wore a light tintod .silk and large groan bap, a " concession to the coldness of tho day, Lady Clarke was in • mauve sillcj .trimmed with jewolled gtYirap, Madame do Vicq was well wrapped up in handsome furs- Lady Benjamin, myrtle green silk and velvet "• mantle,i- Mrs, Bartvbp,blaolc silk, panelled with bladk and white sillcj seal mantle. Miss Willmot't, brown twoed fashionablo gown, and small crinkled "hat "with , vfto.uohe^pf orlmson,. Mi's, David Leo, handsomo blaalc npgojwfli.iiod; seal;mantle. L,Mies Oastilla, forest 'green *oluth,, and ,.dark., green (faille.' in.' combination. Mrs, ,'A 3lXp)bbrvt'Htt'rpQr,'haud8braoblaolc gown and seal mantle. ;Mrs, ^Dpuglas .Stewart, "greek blotli. Miss Maggie •.aOoijbprau, brown .twoed'/wlth floal^bftpo and hat, " '£>h arlois, and Lndy':'Hallb-diudd a .la ILJG ..v.rnor giit VUaUUH.UUU AllUJLU'UlUUU I And Llnijly .Hbpotbun''pn 'Sunday lnbt, ' 'Mni' arid Mfs/ H, •'J .v-Wrixon gavo a iclinnor party a '''VTlhhobnV on Satiirday nlght/'May 80, 1:: ,■ i .-/ - ■ .v/: j> 11, < f.. -. ''.iif si: .5. (' Mns.'S. T.-Staughtori,ha8 issuecL-a/larga numbor of minvitations -fbr a- ball on Friday,-.July 8, at her" bbauti -iiful'homo at-South Yarra, i , s , ' ;,<.;'-'Mna' Mmory*Gould gives a musiaaldLAt 'al/ liar residence, Domain . Villa, iSoutli -Yalta,' on 'Sitmlay, ovanlng noxt, Juno 7. Mn. and Mr,. Goovga Co|,pi», <rf rvicbmoad, havG wall7 , lncot Ma.Umo Sarah Sunday ovemng next, J unc. "Bernhardt.. _ . Hall on Wednesday, June 21. Mn and Mrs J. G. Hoogklimmer, of.A.'lb(rYt PftV.lv Afim and Miss Baloombe, of " East Court., Hast iawsKsa winter. v Mn and Mrs. James Murphy and family, _ of « Marina," St. Ivilda, proceed to Sydney on a vis nnrlv in Julv. After a stay of a few neeUs, Miss Murphy will go on to Queensland to stay with Mi. and ill's. Biudribb, of Toowoomba, for antic time. Mn and Mrs. F. T. Eraser, of " Chrlatobol Villa," intend issuing a minibcr of invitations for an evening party next month, before talcing their departure for Europe early in September. Mn and Mrs. Mar3 Buckley entertained a largo number of their friends at a " musical evening at their rosidcnco, "Boaulieu," Tooralc, on Sunday, May . 1. Mn. and Mrs. John Komp gave a danco at their residence, " Myrtloholme," Camberwell, on Thursday evening, May 23, to a largo number of their friends. Amongst the guests woro two visitors to the colonies, Messrs! Judo and Wickcns, with Mrs. and Miss Wiekons. - Mn. and Mrs. A. VV. Gillos have again taken posses sion of their home, " Hinemoa," HincheliiTe-rond, Sydney,which, during tho absence of Mrs. nnd Miss Gillcsin Europe, wns lot and- recently occnplod by Mr. and Mrs. Walter Tumor, who havo now returned to Maequarrie-strceb. This oxocutivo committoo of tho twenty-second annual gala of tho United Ancient Ordor of Druids, has issued invitations for a ball, to bo hold in the Melbourne Masonic Hall, Collins-street, on Friday next,.Juno 12. Mr. Jns. J. Bronan 1s secretary. Tub Carlton Privato Quadrille Assembly gave a dauoo at tho Horticultural Hall on Wednesday even ing, Juno !1, when tlievo was u very large gathorlng of memboi'8. The second of, tho wlntor series of tho Hawthorn' Privato Assemblies took place .in tho Hawthorn To an: Hall on Friday evening, May 20, when aoout two hundred pooplo woro present, Tho next assembly will take place on Friday evening, June 20. The East Molboitvao Club givo another of thoir enjoyablo dances, at tho Manchester Unity Hall,, on Friday next, Juno 12. Tnifl llov. Canon Kemmis, of Sydnoy, who is spending a few weeks in Melbourne, is at promnt tho guest of Mr. Arthur Kdag, of " Madford, ' Kuw, The second soolal of this season in connaotion with tho Beaoousfiold Privato Quaclrlllo Assembly was hold at tho suppar room, Town Hall, South Melbourne, on Thursday evening, May 2S, when thoro wns a largo attendance of members and friends, A splonid pro gramme consisting of itfteen datieos was gone through to tho strains of Byun's string baud, gonurat satisfac tion bolug frooly expressed at tho oliarnotor of the muslo provided Tho proparatiou of tho lloor was porfcob, and an enjoyable ulghb was spent, the com pany breaking up at 12 o'oloolc, The committee spared no efforts to make tho soolal a suoooss, tho visitors complimenting thorn on tho suooossful ovoniug and tho enjoyable and social way in wnioh it was Bnunt. 1 ho noxt soolal of, tho eluo will bo hold on Thursday ovouing, Juno IS, . J i boon made to Hold tho annual ballot the Fotloral \uoht Oluu in tho Town Hall, South 'Melbourne,'.' on Friday ovoniug, July ». fthd rtn rn rr0^!'M^0?inIS ,Qa,i.aonHlHtlnS o£ Messrs, A. Fyfo, I, H. Whitely, M. Archer, W. Satoholl, B. Bninos, J Jaolisou, Q. Stovonson, ,J. , Whitoly and A, L. Burr, .jimr,, has been lormocl, During tho past two seasons "lll,b has hold its annual soolal in tho Mechanics' InBtitnto,. whioh on both oooasions pasaod oil sc 110o mQrnboi'H have determined this rbnSinwn ^tvt ?m ftb,:''orrao1', uff'prts, and consequently the I own Had has boon specially rosorvod and Bvanh string band engaged Tlio tickets already iro ffinj rapidly disposocl of, and at prosont there is oven piospoot of . the social bolng a groat sucaoss The trophies, won r urlug:tho past soason wlll be iuo'soufcc .to tho suooossful oompotltefs, . luuwuul,ut (^nV0 b'i tlio 'present season of KUcla lrivato Assembly took place at tho tho f Masor Hall, Collins-street, on Thursdav instead of the customary Fridn® UVumi"-'. 1 was otherwise engaged. There wa^v^t'1 »'"« ance of members, and it is ovident Hf7 ?r?!« and select assembly keeps its im, ,'hi< numerous competitors and tho link , 11 s depression which now prevails 0['rinWsal trace amongst the well-dressed to the music of a good b«nd nv i, intervals into the wcll-supplied A1' '"'I A i lirt 1 n rl 1 i ' d ' ICII 1 Amongst the ladies were to bc qLn „ somo toilettes. Miss Snazolle wore wnj'.m-v ground with bands of moss 4en v! v?1""1 with soft pink crGpe. Mrs. Houston ?"'ifllJ silk. Mr. A. H. Mould, pink siik \ autumn leaves. Mrs. Tnverncr fwilV rich black brocade. Mrs. Claidnr,. i' T green faille, with trimmings and'.niJii!""" mn'nn l*n Mt.o 1? n XT-." '. bU 1' .mourn, pmk silk win,J Mrs. Javerncr (wife „f „;VJ] " trimmings and ,rif.nn, - I guipure. Mrs. It. 0. Norman, ele-nnt ' • trained gown with natural llowers \t r (Studley Park), rich white silk <-own iV ! ■ of green leaves, and bodice finished , i i , I Miss Morroll, pale ciel blue silk, e ' Tl Medici collar. Miss Quiggin, blue anft Jl sister in soft pmk. Miss Hacked, Ha-Wl lteeves, poppy red silk and net. Miss P 'J white with gold trimming. Miss Gladstone';,..! silk and net. Miss Uolin, cream silk Mix P a deep geranium silk. Miss Cohn, white'sill- "ifl Hicks, sky blue silk. Miss Ronnie, white Mi ' son, black silk and lace. Miss ID. Anderson vd'i Miss Eeardon, black striped silk. Miss Will satin and not. Mis3 13. McLood, white silk w Mrs. McLood, hlaok silk trained gown with sleeves slashed with white. " ' The first dance of tho ITawksburn Private A-ci curront season took placo at the South Vtirra 111 Thursday evening, May 28, when about eki'ity! and gentlemen were present. The lwll wnslieaul decorated, and floor, music and refreshment! excellent. The dressing was fresh and in good Amongst the ladios wo notified—Mrs. Qui™ handsome black silk and laco; Mrs Andrews,] ti'opo silk and Maltese lace; Mrs, hue, lilacii veillcux and garniture of autumn leaves! Diddle, handsome black velvet gown, and her| Miss J. Diddle, in a similar gowir; Miss heliotrope silk ; Miss Wilson (Romsoy), primrosl with pearls ; Miss M'Farland, black' velvet aJ Miss Diok, pale pink gauze. Miss Ho Kniitencll pongbe silk ; Miss Stephens, salmon pinlc veiliuj frills of chiifon ; Miss llobson, blue liengnline, with silver tullo, gold girdle a m1 Green, black silk under La Tosca nut, with caught with black anil white ostrich plumes Brachti, olarct silk atul not, with garnet oruaml match ; Miss M oisnor, White silk and pearls: 3fl Frodman, black velvet and jet; Aliss lajj buttercup silk and not; Mrs. J. A. .Sharp, whi not with white ostrich plumes and rosebuds Sharp, blue satin and bluo not with p ark] committee includes tho names of Messrs. J.J.l] Hughes, W. G. Robson, G-. T. Oxley, F. Maol M'Farland nnd P. Mao Vi dian, with Mr, K. Staj prosiclont, and Mr. W. J'. Lotcher as liouotaryj tary. I ho noxt dance will take place at the| Yitrra Hall on Thursday, Juno IS. Bit. and Mrs Torranco ontertalncd a large nl of ladies and gontlomen at tho Parsonage, m.J on Thursday afternoon, M ty 28, The gathctii instituted in order to aftorcl those kintl-hcaitw whoso genoroslty has made it possible lor w.| Hutcheson to comploto hfs musical studios a i an opportunity of meeting thoir protege nti' J him play. The ghosts were roceivud in the; I room by Dr. and Mrs. Torranoo, who have» ■ plaoo of parents to tho youth for so ma|b noro he .played sovoral numbers hii ft ma showed that ho had prof!tod to tho full '. tages which Furope offers so amply j" student, Amongst those prusonfc wcin . A'Bookett and Mrs T, A'lieekett, ■ ■ , Mr. aud M •?. Hopson Walkor, Mrs. »■ \ Paiiton, Mrs. Grossman, Miss Chomhi>, ■ , Grey, and Miss Oochrano, Mr. ami d a, Dr, Sprlugthorpe, Dr. Wright, Mr. ami . ■■ T. Broclrlbb, Mrs. II. 0. Gorarc1, J » Moln, Miss Norman, Mr. and Mrs. A< * • ,.(1 Mr, T. Guonott, Dr. and Mrs. )clli pro: largo reception of mombors ol tho 4\. IVIlUUll, lH4.fl, XV" "i VI ,'J Hll'lll Grey, and Miss Cochrano, Mr. am' \',j^i' 'Miss CIrli" a. A. M. ^ I'oiTUiich al io musical on Ifrlday'aftornoon, May 21), ia I Vienna, Cafd in order to introclueoM , ,)t. son. Refreshments wore sorvud, aomo i made, and tho healths both of tuy J of Dr, Torrance drunk with „,.nlt<sse(l 'I Vory , muoh ' kind fooling wa«• 1 w))0 I the roturnod Australian stntto h () by jrj to tho toast of his own hoaltli, pt I - j-,.tv|d I,J Jjlndon. Othors who spoko woiO ' ,Ul)0J W. H. Williams and Dr. Jo" ant®. ff0(#a company, which nearly flllod ttyL.. ■ (S0Il| M'-M Ohambors," Mrs, ITtlmor, Miss jjobo, M Miss Frodorloa Mitoholl, Hoi't cocoliU Goo, Mr T. J. Hammond, SIB'° Mr,|,sv| Zolrnan, Mr. Zerblni, Horr \Vonla™ , Ml, j, | Jaooby, Mr. Kloin, Mr. VV. l'vu .urft vioko The ' mombors of tho * loj1' fl0„yor3«*w11 Viotorlh, hold tholr to nth Q1"' QV01ling, Athorinoum Hall on Htursdivy n,#nibow J1 was a vory largo attondanoo .-p. mniiofJ'f i frloncls, aiid :tho ox.hIblts ware, bo f »'r(1|ll ,j structivo. . It was voty ovldont intorosti displayed in, mty < j j.j, JDl.wn A noi-.im! Inn rimnontjOl'Ui Ol' 111# the Oligocene, tho_ Miocene jjbrian Ff l!hcr1 °formiifcions," the length of whose • Hip thickness of their strata, or Baron rcsemhloa tho Salsipaceous pian(,8 0£ P!!clll5' Lc Souefs giant sponges and two Bwiw- 1"' 1 'l.piis or "Mr. E. Anderson's lifeM?1,111 jIirvl'.i stage of -10 species of I1'1 t iMiuloptei'fv, that these represented to oT lho«o present _ something more iLint to the ignorant minority. The , incuts' of the display, such as the " Home of 1:111 J •• f„ von- beautiful model), or the cases of J^!! h and parrots, and Mr. French's cases of Pr ..ml exotic battel flies and beetles, his chart H"? Loots or his specimens of Victorian Insec ■ 'ink iccoived much attention also, while a f'j'uuinljcr looked through the misoroscopc and : Tic'iitenctl, or into tho stereoscopes and were do '? Iiuon von Mueller toolc tho chair, and Mr. O. C' i, delivered the presidential address in tho upper "'i'n.fcsor Bendy, Professor Spencer and Mr. D. Sonet' exhibited and explained lantern slides. ,.'.t the interesting objects were a collection of dried |mli and immortelles from Western Australia y.rrier Usages, most perfectly preserved and Bjiio.l, -hown by Mrs. Irvine (St. Kilda), and Vie nurdiitls aud other wild flowers painted on dark 1 shaped cards, by Miss S. W. L. Cochrane ban). Mr, A. C. MacDonald of the Geographical In-, with ills. MacDotmld, w. s present, as were, thu.se we have already named as exhi bitors and [rtj, Mr. 11, 11. Hogg, Mr. A. H. S, Lucas, li.ic, Mr. H, T. Tindall and Professor Kernot. ; Worshipful Master of tho Admiral Collingwood brother J. CI. Jioogklimmer, and Mrs. Hoogk .1,entertained about BOO of tlioir friends, Masonic other,rise, at the Masonic Hall, Collins street, on iv evening, May 21). The Admiral Collingwoocl "has its lair in tho Masonic building, and all its i were at hand foi the decoration of the hall, fly, the adornment of Mr. Lempriore's pet cham rus not confined to the several rathor dingy shields the door and along tho balcony. . Tho platform tt with pots of ferns aud palms, and draped with 'Iks in tones of gold and green and a little red imoniously contrast with the organ pipes behind. Limps glowed between the ferns ancl amongst tho ilb, Heir l'lock s band occupied ono side of the Jim.and the other was devoted to the use of tho iitbti who gave a short and excellent concert bo iiippw, Draped minors were used eilieotivoly in • of the linll, and tho vestibule which is usually ;t and ghastly, was carpeted in handsome "D, and transformed into an elegant nook, : host and hostess received their guests. The refreshment room was also comfortably and furnished and in tho largo room upstairs stairs) where a sumptuous supper was midnight, similar improvement had been eitocted by means of draperies, pictures and flowers. Here, Mr. Hoogklimmor in a happy after-supper speech, made every daughter of Eves ears to tingle by seeming as if about to divulge some of those masonic mysteries, which the feminine mind is said to be so eager to penetrate—but he only said that Freemasonry was a high and beautiful system of philosophy, whereat all the ladies felt that they bad been cheated. Another electiic thrill of anticipation ran through the supper party when the doors were solemnly closed with a " hush—sh - sh." But it was only the toast of the ladies themselves, which was to be proposed and acknowledged in the comic vein seemingly inseparable from the toast. Several toasts were honoured by what is said to be a masonic ceremony, though to the uninitiated it seemed only a slapping of left and right hand alternately by the opposite. Some one gave a slap too mucb, and there were immediate cries of " Half-a-crown." The artists taking part in the concert were :—Messrs. A. M. Lawson and P. Langdale (both members of the lodge) and W. T. Barker as instrumentalists, and Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Stockwell as vocalists. Mis. Palmer introduced "Do 1 Love Thee," by a local couqoser, Mr. J. T. Tourrier, and it was much admired, as was Signor Zclman's " Gnomes' Dance" beautifully played by Mr, Langdale. Miss Birdie Tilbury, 11.A., played the piano accompaniment to Mr. Barker's harp solo in an admirable manner. On this occasion'the young lady, who is the adopted daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Barker, made her debut in society. As nearly all the gentlemen present belonged to the brotherhood, the display of regalia was particularly dazzling, Mr. George Baker, who ranks next to Sir William Clarke in the craft, Mr. A. Kemp, Mr. T. Adams, Mr. G. H, Dickson, Mr. Coupland, Mr. T. Lompriere, the Hon, J. S. Butters, and the host himself, were especially mag nificent in blue, both pale and dark, and iu crimson, cl and jewels according to thrir degree. The with gold and jewels entrde cards woro adorned with an exquisitoly executed wreath of ivy leaves, ami the programmes with a spray of lilies. The ladies' dresses quite came up to the artistic level of the occasion. Mrs. Hoogklimmer woro a trained gown of rich ivory-white brocade, with foot fioun 30 headed with pink roses ; bodico finished with lace. A (jarda-ojHiules of chiffon, silver embroidery and fringe, was also worn. Mrs. Palmer woro a corah silk of a lovely shot pink and gold sunset colour, with "angel" sleeves of pearlod net, and Medici collar. Madame llolando had a beautif'ul confection of foam green silk and tulle, airs, Barker was iu white moire. Miss Tilbury in Grecian gown of white llama, aiiss Pettitt, cream lace, with touches of pink, ailss E. Bennett, pde blue silk and tullo, with pink roses, airs. Castilla, black moire, aiiss Castilla, piuk and gold passementerie. Miss Alcoves, handsome grey bro cade, with pink head-dress. Mrs. Ohapmau, blue silk. Mrs. Weedon, black silk lace and jut. aiiss Pox, cream, and green silk. Mrs. Smith, black silk. 