1ST KAffiMAWEffiT. ' .'? When we wrote last week of the queer compact \i between the Government and the labour party that the Premier, we fancied, had had about enough o£ it, we scarcely thought that the ea^ was so near. Ifc was inevitable, of course, sooner or later from the first, as the late Treasurer at least very well knew when he washed his hands of any share in the dis?ty business by retiring from the Government, and strangely enough,, it wa3 afc his hand3 that ifc directly came about. If Mr. M'Millan had not moved fche recommittal o£ ? the Coal Mines Bill it is quite possible that the Government would have swallowed- it, eight hours clause and all, as they have so much more indi- 4 gesfcible stuff at the same instance, but his direct challenge o£ this Iafce3u attempt at class legislation forced a crisis. The Premier afc any rate, unle: s willing to pare with his last rag of political de- ' cency, was bound to support his old colleague and ? : perhaps was nothing loth o£ tho chance to fall, since it was clear he must fall, with at least something like dignity. So he made , the speech which should have been made i when the bill, was in committee, when he ; might possibly have rallied sufficient m^mbera ? from both Bides of the House to defeat the labour . ; patty, who instead now defeated him. ?.'?; Mr. M'Millan'G speech had not spared the so- ! called labour reformers, who, he declared, were benfc upon e3tablishing a worse tyranny oE labour than the world had ever seen. The whole course of legislation during this eession5 he thought, had shown a spirit of class feeling and unfairneEa hitherto unknown in our Parliamentary history* and now they proposad an iniquitous enactment which was simply the ' thin end of fche wedge of a class of legislation tending directly to com munism and socialism.' This was putting tho case pretty strongly, bnt the Premier, regardless of the lefiection upon himself for having been a consenting party to such a course of legislation, or perhaps for that reason, went even further. II! they did this thing— and oE course Parliament might do ifc, as Parliament had done the moat wicked and abominable things— they gave the Legislature a power which did not belong to it, which was contrary to the laws o£ God and freedom, and rather than agsen^ to which he would resign office fche nexfc morning. Here, in vulgar phrase, was ' all the fat in the fire ' between the Premier and his new friends at last, and though ifc may ba thafc in the general flare-up thafc ensued fche labour party scarcely took the hon. gentleman afc his word, ifc was evi dent to everyone else that the long-espected cribis between the Government and fche labour members had arrived, that the end of that unholy compict, ' support ia return for concessions,' had come. Nor did they part without some very pretty compliments and much sound advice in the Pre mier's best style t- big late supporters by which it would be well it it could be hoped they would duly profit. Who were they, after all ? asked the hon. gentleman apropos oil v/a impertinent inter ruption from the cross-benches. Who he wa3, all the world kuow— fche aama great Henry Parkes, whether in fche Housa ok out op ifc — but for them ! 'Well, they were mem hers oE .Parliament no doubt, but ' he woul$ remind the hon. member who liad so pleasantly interrupted him that conspicuous station only Bhowed more plainly a man's teal qualities, and ' that unless he had the power and the qualifica tions to risa fco the level of the station he had attained it could only do him injury, only ninlc him still lower in the obscurity to which sooner or later he was sure to return.' Had he not sat in every Parliament and seen them ell, these persons who from time to time niide such a stir in the political atmosphere, go up hill and come down '.again and disappear never to bs heard of again !' This is a very familiar refrain with the hon. gentleman, when he is getting the worat of it, but we are afraid was entirely thrown away upon Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald (fche interrupter in queation) and his friends, who doubtless have no notion of going down the hill or disappearing just yet. And so ended, not after all in the most dignified manner possible, the latest and probably the last Parkes Ministry. The Premier declares it a happy roleas?, and we may very well believe him. Their existence for the last three mouths has been purely on the sufferance of a party with whom they had little political feeling in common, and who while supporting them in tha House, avowedly solely for their owu ends, denounced them everywhere else. They did not so much mind the 'squeezing'— that was part o£ the contract~ but they did mind bang held up for it by the squeezers to public ridicule and contempt. They hai hoped to be everything to the labour party, and they were told that they were only the ' dirty ?water not to be thrown away till they (the labour party) could get clean/' so they determined to throw themselvea &vjb;$s which, indeed, seeing that the water was getting dirtier aud dirtier, was the beat thing they could do. On Monday in announcing the resignation of the Government io the House the Premier put it in more dignified terms ok much the same ground. It was a sort of suicide, he admitted, since there was nothing abso lutely to compel them to resign, but there were higher things than life, when burdened with a labour party— ^elf- respect and regard for theit good nams and reputation — xnd in a word they preferred death to dishonour. That the leader o£ the Opposition would have cheered that sentiment, there cianofc ba a doubts but he was not present, having been ' sent £or' to form a new Administration, in which cheerful task he has been engaged ever since. Not for any political purpose, but as a mere matter o£ mental curiosity* we would like to know Mr. Dibbs's opisaioa to-day of the average political human nature. He has been occupied for the last two days in the delightful task of the old maa with his donkey trying to please everyone— or of the gentleman with one portmanteau that has to hold everything and won't. Not Mr. Bumble at porridge time » not a stage treasurer when the ' ghost walks,5' not even a bank or business firm advertising for a clerk at starvation wages, was ever more besieged and pestered with applicants than has been Mr, Dibbs with claimants for one or the other of the good thinga at his disposal. It is well to have a Btrong army, devoted followers ; but i£ every one of them, from the chief of the staff to the kettle drummer, puts in a claim for a share in the spolia ppima what on earth is the general to do ? 