CHAPTER V. TWO LOKKLV CRUSOES. A FLIGHT THROUGH AIR. THE SCHOONER. Weeks and months rolled by, yet we still lived, subsisting on birds and eggs. The former, though only one particular breed, per sisted in walking up to us and pecking our legs whenever we toolc our walks abroad, and on an j average one a day got into hot water through his impertinence. All this while we never 1 expected that we should ere long get into hot water ourselves, yet so it happened. One night Allan Fraser complained of the great heat and dampness of the cavern, and soon after it filled ,with a kind of steamy vapour, and we began to hear strange rumbling and gushing sounds underneath us. On looking out through the cave's mouth we beheld what at first looked like a ghost, for it was the height of a tall man, luminous and transparent, and whilst trembling and undulating gave vent to the strangest sounds. But this apparently six feet high ghost quickly shot up to twenty, fifty, eighty, a hundred feet, its head waving to and fro, and dropping scalding spray upon our upturned and pallid faces. At last we felt our feet scalding, and looking down discovered that we were standing in steaming water. "Run, it is the geyser. The basin will bo full and the cavern flooded in a few minutes. We must look lively if wo don't want to be boiled alive," I said to my companion, and be wasn't slow to take the hint. Up the smooth side of the twenty feet deep circular basin We climbed, with a scalding shower raining down on us all the way, and we did not realize that we were beingfloodedout of only house and home until the flooding was an accomplished fact, and in lieu of being boiled, we were half frozen with the cold night air. Had it not been that winter had given place to spring, we should never have survived that night. Owing to the change of the season we did so, to discover with the morning's dawn, that the basin was full to the very brim, our cavern wholly submerged, and the natural fountain of boiling water rising to as great an altitude as ever. " ItH be weeks before our cave is hibitable again," groaned Allan Fraser, to whom I replied aB cheerilyas I oould. " But doubtless there are many other such caves on the Horn, which only require a good searching to be found. Why shouldn't we start at once, and as the north of the island must be warmer than the south, cross this desert and get as quickly as we can to the other side. Five hours will do it." My proposal was received with favour, and away we went. It was not a pleasant tramp, for it was like traversing the floor of an enor mous parrot cage that hadn't been cleaned very lately, sand, and birdlime, and moulted feathers being the characteristics of the scenery. Five hours didn't accomplish the journey, but six did, for though the distance could not have been twenty miles, the ground was heavy. When we reached our goal we found ourselves once more on the brink of the most terrific pre cipices, but no clouds floated between us and the sea now; for in the lees dense atmosphere of spring they had risen to higher altitudes, leaving the atmosphere perfeotly and wonder ously clear. I have heard it said that in Australia you can see a human being at a distance that in Fngland you would not be able to distinguish a house. Perhaps owing to the same atmo spheric reason it was that from the coign of vantage where we stood, not only oould we see at least twenty five miles distant, the Island of Terra del Fuego, but also trees that apparently clothed the sides of the ravine. Tne sight brought tears to our eyes, for we had never expeoted to have beheld a tree again, but they were far from being tears of unmixed joy, because, alas, we dared nob entertain even a hope of ever beholding them any nearer. Nevertheless we lay down to rest in a spot from which our eyes would be able to gloat on them directly we awoke in the morning, little imagining how much mote delightful a sight would then meet our gaze It was I who beheld it first, and for a moment I hardly dared believe in its existence, lest disappointment should quickly ensue and positively break my heart. I would not awaken my companion until I was quite oon- ; vinced that what I looked upon was actually a vessel, a eohooner, and that she was making direct for the island. . When I -did at last rouse him up and point ber out, bis conduct betrayed at first the most ecstatic joy, but before long an expression came into his eyes that caused me to shudder, so cruel and at the same time so rapacious was it. I fought against the impression with all my might, but I oould not conquer. Nearer and nearer drew the little vessel. " We bad better try and signal her," I -said at length. "Well, .perhaps so, Fraser answered in a dreamy sort of way, and then he went on, "She must either be a missionary schooner from the Falkland Islands, or a vessel on the look out for guano deposits. If the latter they are-sure to try to land, and if the former the ■chances are in favour of it also. Yes, greatly in favonrof it." " Oh, they evidently intend to land or they would be giving this island a much wider berth. The sea is like glass just under yon headland. They will anchor there with a spring on the cable and come ashore in their boats." I was still running on in this fashion when Allan Fraser suddenly interrupted me with "They snrely can't distinguish us yet. I won't believe tbat they can see anything of us yet." "No, for we shall have to stand on the very brink of the cliff before they can do that," I rejoined carelessly. " And yet you feel quite convinced that they intend to land ?" "None but a fool could doubt it now, Allan." I remember nothing more except a crushing blow on the head, a vague notion that some one was rifling my pockets, whilst I had not the least power to resist, next of being dragged alone the ground several yards by my legs, and then of dropping through space, It did not feel a bit like reality, but resembled a nightmare. But this confused feeling was not very long passing away, and then I discovered that I was lying across a saddle-shaped, projecting piece of rock, that the precipitous wall of cliff rose some twenty feet shearabove me, and that the sea was rolling in on the black sand at least nine hundred feet below. In an instant.it struck me that Allan Fraser had attacked me suddenly from behind with a stone, and after stunning me, had recovered the Idol's Eye, and then hurled me, as he imagined, into space. Had not the hand of Providence been held out to catch me in the shape of that projecting iedge of rock my fall would have been one of nearly a thousand feet, and I must have been dead long ere it was accomplished, strangled and choked by the mere rapidity of passing through the air. Even as it was my case was not very much better, for the rock across which I lay, ju6t as a sack of flour might lie across a horse's back, was so slippery that I dared not attempt to alter my position lest I should slide off and drop into the horrid gulf below. I could not even twist round my face, which was turned towards the cliff, to ascertain where the schooner was, and 1 dared not cry for assistance lest Fraser, discovering that I was alive, might lean over the cliff and stone me to death as I lay there, not so much perhaps through innate cruelty as in pure self defence. These accumulated fears and horrors caused me to swoon, and when I recovered conscious ness it was to thank heaven that fears and horrors were alike past, for I lay on the top of the ocean mountain once more, with the noose of a long rope tightly encircling my body beneath my armpits and a crowd of wondering and sympathising sailors standing all around me waiting for an explanation. " Yes, he slipped as he stood on the brink of the cliff; he has not been right in his mind for weeks, our misfortunes have prostrated his reason. He will tell you the strangest things, but'you must not believe them, for ne is quite mad." So Allan Fraser was saying, whilst wearing the most hang-dog expression of countenance that it is possible to conceive. To this a pleasant-looking little man, who was evidently the captain of the schooner, made the reply— "All that, may be true enough, yet I could almost have sworn that through my telescope I saw you push him over." " He did push me over," I atonce called out. " He did ib after recovering by force the pos session of a diamond that he stole from iny father's bank in Melbourne. Mad does he say that I am? Search his pockets and you will at all events disoover that this is no insane utterance on my part." They took me at my word. Allan Fraser was rushed upon, overpowered, and thrown on the sand, and there sure enough in one of his waistcoat pockets was found the Idol's Eve. "Why, exclaimed the master of the schooner, "this must be the diamond that a young gent named Ogilvie was tried in Mel bourne for stealing juBt before we left that port, six weeks ago. He was found guilty too, and sent to Fcntridge Stoekade for fifteen years. fTi'w case was the talk of the whole city, and every one believed him guilty, and that finding it impossible to dispose of the gem profitably he haa planted it somewhere." "Then,"8aid I, "it will pay you far better to return at once to Melbourne, taking us and the diamond along with you, than to cruise about guano hunting, for the gem is worth fifty thousand pounds, and the bank will be sure to give you a handsome reward for it." I will cut a long story short by at once stating that the captain of the Flying Fox was of exactly my way of thinking, and a few minutes later we were all descending the steep gulch or ravine up which his party had clam beredfrom the beach, and in half an hour Idol's Eye and ali were aboard of the schooner. We immediately set sail for Melbourne, but it takes ub many months to get from Cape Horn to Hobson's Bay as it does weeks to reach Cape Horn from Hobson's Bay, because you have to stretch so far northward to get clear of those winds that for ever blow and those huge billowB thateternally roll from west to east down in those dreary regions where it is a watery waste all around the world. As it was we kept a little to the south of the tropic of Capricorn, voyaging past and between the beautiful Polynesian Islands, and carrying with us perpetual summer. Then, eventually run ning down Australia's eastern seaboard, we came to Bass's Straits, up which we gallantly beat towards home. It was evening when we dropped anchor off Sandridge, but I at once went ashore to the police station, and made my report to the Inspector on duty, and the consequence was that he immediately dispatched two constables on hoard the Flying Fox, who landed Allan Fraser in turn and lodged him in durance vile. This effected I hired a car and drove home to my father's house at South Yarra, which I entered unannounced to discover both my parents at supper, and to give them so end of a surprise. ' Why, we never even guessed that you had left England, my dear boj," exclaimed my father excitedly. " And have been thinking bow strange it was that wc had resolved no letter from yon," added my mother. My answer was to cost the Idol's Egc down on the table in front of them. That was shock No. 2. "There it iB,"Isaid triumphantly, "andthe real thief, Allan Fraser, is in Sandridge lock up ! I believed him to bethe rogue from the very first, and now I've lots of witnesses to prove it, as well as that he attempted to take my life. That matter I don't want topresB against him, but Jock Ogilvie's reputation I will clear." There is no need to dwell upon what fol lowed. 1 had of course to give the entire history of my adventures, winch would be to the reader a twice-told tale, but they were thoroughly credited, and that was all that Icared about,ifor I had had^some fears that my parents' leng and deeply-rooted conviction as to Allan Fraser'e saintly and irreproachable character would induce them to believe that X had absconded with the diamond, that my fellow clerk and travelling companion had disoovered the theftj and 1 had then audaciously and alsely shifted it on to his shoulders. 1 should have found a difficulty I feared in disproving such a charge. Happily it was not entertained, and after upper my father asked me to do what during ts entire continuance I had been longing to undertake, namely, to walk as far as the neigh bouring butmuchmore humble suburb of Rich mond, and tell Mrs. Ogilvie how soon her son's character would be vindicated and his inno ence proved. As it was only 9 o'clock we made no doubt I hat the old lady would still be up, and as for a welcome, I should take that with me. And it proved a weloome sure enough, and I was soon made to feel that the being selected by Provi dence as the humble agent for giving so much happiness much more than repaid me for all that I had gone through, both at Caps Horn and during the double journey. Well, the next day Allan Fraser was arraigned on the charge of embezzlement, and had tne audacity and effrontery to accuse me of being the thief, and to deolare himself to have been the discoverer of the gem in my posses sion. In short be attempted to make the Court believe just what I bad thought it pos sible that my parents might have believed, in their high opinion of him. He had far better, however, have left such a scurvy trick untried, for now in very self defence I was driven to prove his attempt on my life, which I intended to have said nothing about, for his having been the diamond robber supplied the only motive for such an attempt. I did prove it to the entire satisfaction of the Court, for the captain of the Flying Fox swore most positively that through his telescope he had seen Fraser throw me over the cliff, and his first mate supported his evidence. The result! therefore was that instead of being merely punished as a thief Fraser got a supple mentary sentence as a foiled murderer, his punishment being a cumulative one of fifteen yeans for each offence, or thirty years in all. When he found there was no way out of the scrape, and from after experience tbat Pen tridge Prison was a very stern reality, be made a full confession, though most probably from no higher motive than to curry favour with the chaplain, who always has it in his power to make a prisoner's lot much more pleasant, or at all events much more bearable than it would otherwise be. He declared that he had never locked the strongroom door on the afternoon preceding the night on which the diamond was supposed to have been stolon. That he had abstracted it then, and also dropped a pencil with Jock Ogilvie's name on it, the burnt out cigar light, and so forth, in the dark passage just without the merely handle-turned door, returning to the outside rear of the Bank late at night merely to force open the basement window and fix the fragment of torn cloth on the catch, he having chosen it out of a tailor's pattern took as being so much like the material which composed a well-known "suit of Jock Ogilvie's that he himself could hardly have detected the difference. A few words will now conclude my story. Jock Ogilvie was let out of Pentridge Prison as Allan Fraser was let in, and the latter is still there, his sentence not expiring until 1900\. As for Jock he has been one of the steadiest of the steady, and he is now one of the partners in the Bank. Major Montague has long since gone to Europe, taking his diamond with him, though whether he sold it to the Rotterdam merchant for fifty thousand pounds is more than I can say. The End. 