RELIEF FOR THE' RATE. PAYE RS. A Sketch of the Mfunicipal and Water Trusts League Meeting, and of the After Proceedings Before the Minister. [n .e.w.r.] Seldom if ever, I suppose, was room No. 10 at the Town Hall, Mielbourne, filled with a more truly representative gathering of men than on Wednesday last. The suction of the community represented was the farmers ; and their delegates, members of the Shires and. Trusts of the colony, assembled from points so far apart as Shopparton and Horeham, Swanhill and Gippsland. In all fifty councillors and commissioners, the spokesmen of thirty-four local bodies, sat in conference, and the felt import. ance of the proceedings was indicated by the presence from time to time of members of both branches of the Legis lature. Press reporters were neither excluded nor invited, and they were accordingly conspicuous by their absence, a circumstance which has operated as an inducement to me to furnish to the Wimmera Star such a "sketch" of the events of the time as I can do from memory. It is not my purpose to detail the dry technicalities of the business, they having been as fully and effienietly set ant as possible by Mr Warn in his minutes of the meeting, which are printed, and which, I presume, will be published. At the preliminary meeting on the 2nd of April, eleven shires only were represented, butt now this contingent was added to by the delegates from thirteen Irrigation and eight Water Works Trusts, making up the total of local governing bodies before mentioned. Such a sweeping infusion of new blood into the constitution of the league rendered it desirable, of course, that the business of the initial meeting should be gone through from the commence ment, and a proposal to that effect was unanimously assented to. Taken in its order the first question dealt with was that of " differential rating," the object being "to relieve from taxation those who are in no way benefited," and shift the unjust burthen which these people at present bear on to the right shoulders, differentiating the rate so as to enable it to fall heavily, with medium weight, or lightly, upon persoes who reap large, moderate, or but little' advantage.- It was no such easy task to draft a clause, with a view to its insertion in the proposed Amending Water Act, which would meet the full justice of the case. Everyone was agreed that people un benefited should be untaxed, but the difficulty was to draw an equitable line, and to give elictive expression to a plan of individual differential; ratiing going that length.' It will, be remee'-. bored that the Minister of Water Supply when:inthe, Wimmera District pointed out. (ee.I believe he did every where thiroughout his recent tour) that the present Act provides for differential rating by means of an arrangement into "classes," or by creating "divisions" for rating purposes (vide sections 99 and 100); but it was answered to this I thiat these provisions did not go far. I enough', because. the same injustice t might and would :occur'in as large a r proportion of individual eases within a l "cleass' or "division," as occura?within v the entire area of, a water supply :dis triot; and, b*sidles. all this, there is no t possibility of actual exemption fron o rating where no:;ienefit can be proved a ender the divisional or class systems. To unat 'the diffimulty a draft clause was subnmitted by the Wimnwmer Shires, which will be foundl in the priited min utes,' the principal being'to graduate a rate of so inch in the pound, according to distance from storages :of different relative .values. - Thus, under the sliding scale, if al s rate were struck,y the " maximum " of la'iq.the £ would} be levied only on thosen most benefited ; 9d 'on those gaining less advantages from water supply ; Gd still lower down on the scale, while those "out of dis tance" would not be rated at all. Finally a court of appeal is provided for to which ratepayers can apply to have their grade fixed, or to be placed in the exempt class, according "as" the evidence--in their particular casese.wuld warratit.' "The suggested amendnient upon the proposal of the ý Wimmera Shires- was that the&Trut;'ts'ihnuld no longer work upon the municipal valua tions, butm aake individual valuations for themselves upon the basis of benefit obtained froni water supply. Those unbenefited .not to. be valued. - The court of appeal provisioni also to apply. The majority held, however, that double valuations would lead to complications, and the original motion was eventhally carried as being, the iifore satisfactory and- less complex proposal .of the two. it was admitted that the new system would necessarily entail more office work upon the Trusts for certain months of tlhe year, but this was held to be a small consideration, when compared with the comfort. of being able to give relief and satisfaction to the general body of ratepayers. One incident of the discussion is worth special notice, as showing , that nio contingeocy which might arise out; of the proposed change in '.the system of rating was lost sight of by the league. It was re r marked-" Well, now suppose that this differential rating, allowing some to escape altogether, makes irrigation too expensive an experiment for those "placed in the highest grade-What tlhen?"~. The answer came- quickly enough' in the shape -of "a second ° question--" -Which is the more just---to continue to make poor people-who gain i nothing pay' for' the experiments ' of s those' using an artificial water-supply, or to come upon the State to make up o the defiuiency?"." But besides this answer it will be seen that the large concessions which the Minister is favor ably disposed to make will effectually prevent irrigation operations from being too expensive to anyoneoduring thle ex porimeatal stages of its applicationh , while the relief to the ratepayers:will e be substantial all-round. e Next in order aome the proposal that the stock and domestic supply works should be re- valued, and interest , only charged upon the present actual worth of the works, the sinking fund paymentts to be deferred for a period of ten years. The importance of this concession will be at once seen, when it ris remembered that the Western Wim ,e mora Irrigation and Water Supply 'T'rust claim that £145,000 of their 1 indebtednessi to the State is fairly ap portionable to the Department of Stock ,dl Domestic Supply. Only imagine abe reduo:ion upmn this vast sum which twould ensue were it cut down to the d atual worth of the stock and domenastio f supply works ; such worth to be ascer tained by re-valuation. The resolution r under this head, which appears in the e minutes, is the work of Mr W. T. Webb, member for Rodney, who, how ever, appeared at the League meeting e in his capacity as a Commissioner of e the Campaspe Trust. Mr Webb was n in the full flow of an outpouring of eloquence, when the Hon. W. Madden y entered the room and became a listener y for the time being. The arguments it which the framer of the resolution used i were twofold, and were put with mach a force. In the first place he pointed out e that the Water Supply works of the colony had cosat enormously more than e they ought to have cost, owing, as he . "e said, to unintentional engineering it blunders. The estimates were also, in n almost every case, terribly out when r compared with the ultimate expenditure. f Nor did the speaker go outside'of his own constituency to illustrate and point the moral of his ,observations. .One example he gave was that of the Goal Sburn Weir, the firet estimate for the 1 structure being £12,000,: the. second \- £20,000, the third £830,000, the fourth one I think he said about £80,000, while it was now apparent,.that the. work could not be completed under 1 £200,000. The ratepayers joyfully accepted the first proposal, feeling that tihe obligations to be incurred were ,small, as' compared with the benefits to accrue. They also, less willingly, but persuaded by :their represeiitatives, agreed to estimates of- £20,000 and £80,000 respectively; "but 1 ask you, gentlemen," said IMr Webb, ":whether, if we had to tell the people at -the beginning that the cost- of this work would b e £200,000, we had the ghost of a show to start the Echuca. .and Waranga Trust."' The people were misled, hie argued, and their claim for' a revaluation was a just and equitable one. In the-second place, he instanced the heavy -concessions madd by the 'Gooernmiet of 'the :country to city consrinernisof water, :Oily the other 'day,"tli'property'im'the Yan Ydean wasi -handedl over to the Metropolitan'Bo?ird' of Workseat hallf the origisal cost to thle country.:' :In the same way con cessions were . made to Geelong, to - Battearat, and in connection with the. Coliban Scheme, which amounted, in effect, to re-valuations.- Therefore what was asked for was no new de parture. It was to be bbrne in mind, too, that the large concessions quoted were malde to centres which wre mere coasumers of wateri without produotion, whereas tise concessionh'now'askokid for were in f ,vir of country schemes whlere. the Iwater supply added to the produce of ;the country, an-l "rs expected to do so in a very much larger degree. (To DE coNsTINUED.) 