C T U M T E . . Rain. Races. Steamy. Thc-atre. Garner's. Cyclorama. Town Hall. •'Our Flat." Will Barnes. . Morphettville. Pop-j]ar concert. Miranzais rising. "Slaves of Fate." Rally up U.A.O.D. Whert market lively. Trouble with natives. Summary on Tuesday. Jack's come home to-day. Boys' Field Club on page 8. Another new story on page 2. Moonta copper £6010s. a ton. Yachting season closes to-day. Junction, week's run, .8,021 os. Block 14, week's run, 18,02Goz. N.S. W. Loan Fund exhausted. Obit.—Mr. Cavendish-Bentick. Block 10, week's run, 70,940 oz. Serious trouble in Mashonaland. Is it to be races and rain to-day ? An epidemic of fraud in Sydney. More good croshings from Yilgarn. Victorian wheat statistics alarming. Broken Hill, week's run, ,177,55602. Barometer at noon to-day, 2946. Serious trouble feared in the Punjauh. Colston had a comfortable hiding place. First Saturday popular oonoert to-night* Proprietary Mine outlook most assuring. Two blackfellows shot by hlaok trackers. Hon. W. Copley off on his travels again. Married versus single at Croydon to-day. A flood of novelties at Garner's to-night. The Herd Laddie is invincible at checkers. Goodwood Handicap Day at Morphettville. Go to see the flat in Montmoreney mansions. The perennial Polioe Magistrate home again. " Our Flat" teaches something of London life. Mr. Beddome had a good time in San Fran* cisco. Mackie had a good reception at Strathalbyn. First production of "Our Flat" in Aus« tralia. Professor Jones on the Town W»li organ tonight. Splendid programme at the Town Hall tonight. All the local talent Albert Hall Itonday night. A great function in the Town Hall on Wednesday. Public welcome to Sir George Grey on Wednesday. ' ' Tasmania unlikely to join the Commonwealth. Welcome home, Playford, Bray, Downer, and Co." Next week will be a busy one With the candidates. Telegraphic Leakage Board finish on . Monday; An anxious time, for the Victorian Agent- General. Johnston, the Ballarat murderer, sentenced to death. , ' , Public schools to be better decorated. A good idea. • Australian' Handbook for 1891 is Out. Very acceptable. Savings Bank helping New South Wales Government. None of the Adelaide draught players oaa beat Wyllie. Defective percussions caused the Queenscliffe explosion. Are the Queensland Bolder Railway Commissioners lost? What sort of a reception will Chaffey get on Tuesday night? The Manipurs want peaoe. They deserve punishment first. South Australia's Convention delegates are in Adelaide again. Fifteen miners doing well on the alluvial in MacDonnell Ranges. Six ounces of nice alluvial gold from the MacDonnell Ranges. Cricket season not over yet. Same iba&chetp; will be played to-day. —„ Interesting assuring interim circular to Broken Hill shareholders. Mrs. Green, charged with neglecting fcege baby who died, acquitted. No difficulty in maintaining present dividend to Broken Hill shareholders. Mr. Quintan and the 'other European residents in Manipur were killed. The Thunderer thinks Sir Henry Farkes hag scored a remarkable triumph. Everybody pleased at meeting oi South- Australian Brewing Company.. . Archibald Mackie opened his election campaign at Strath albyn last night. Sun rose at6.22a.rn.; sets at 5.40p.m. Moon rose at 8.42 a.m.; sets at 7.21p.m. Beaumont Read in Adelaide. Yoa can hear him at the Town Hall to- night. Father Bickford supplies an interesting account of a visit to Yorke's Peninsula. That travelling . bag contains potes and diaries of value to po one but the owner. ^.Very vexing to have one's travelling bag taken in mistake from the railway station. Seventy-five thousand Pennsylvania colliers ready to strike for the eight hours principle. It has been suggested that there should be p race meeting monthly during the dry season. ' Madame Melha is causing enquiry into thp alleged masquerading of the Duo d' Orleans. Why doeB not that person who took that ha * in mistake from the railway station return itt An interesting character sketch of Si* George Grey, K.C.B., D.C.L., LL.D., on page 6. Minister of Education will inspect Penin- sula schools next week. Leaves Adelaide Tuesday. Now that their commander is dead the Manipurs are willing to recognise British authority. Ta-smauiane think they have found a seaontX Mount Morgan. They are not the first to have that idea. Poor Johnston must be still mad. He believes himself to be innocent of murdering hia wife and bairns. New South Wales wants a loan, but will not float one on account of the unfavourable state of the market. Members of Parliament are having lively times in the MacDonnell Ranges and intha north- east owing to floods. Although Railway Commissioners hold the deposits, passengers must pay ordinary fares if their season tickets are not ready. Professor Rennie certifies as to the quality of the Hope Valley brand of aqua punu Satisfactory to those who take their liqnoe straight. The electric fire-alarms have proved so" successful that the men and reels axe not now stationed at the Arcade and in King Williamstreet during every night Some Quom residents attribute tbe recent outbreak of diphtheria to the disgusting condition of the State school outbuilding. What! do you say to that, Inspector-General Hartley? At a vestry meeting of one of our suburban Churches lately the meeting became w ho* I that UUH.IUO the presiding un&UUUK; minister, miniawa, when asked if ho a of water, Baid "bring » IhO WOUIU 11MJ <» gl»BS "" ' ° bucketfulL' Fax.—You are not superstitious, are you? 0, dear no. I thought not. And you don'li believe in dreams, nor palmistry, nor legerdemain, nor conjuration, nor astrology, nor • sortilage, nor magic, nor oenomancy, BOB sorcery, nor physomacy, nor witchcraft, noe decitomancy, nor thaumatuigy, nor soothsaying, nor christaltomantia, nor peychomacy, nor demonology, nor any other of the occulfc sciences. sciences, O. y. dear, no. Well, but you will admit that fax is fa* as sure as eggsiseggs.^ "jhen what do you think of the following, which is related on authority as unimpeachable as that which in the reign of Charles IL brought Lord Stafford tothescaffold. Inthelifeof Lord Lyttelton it is recorded that in 1779 His Lordship had adream or vision that a young female^ dressed in white, solemnly warned him of his dissolution in three days from thence. On the third day His Lordship had a party to spend the evening with him, and about the time predicted, he remarked "I believe I shall jockey the ghost," but in a few minutes afterwards he was seized with a sudden faintness, was carried to bed, and gave up tbe ghost at the age of 35_ years. 395 