NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Wet. Ibsen. Cloudy. Return ball. A fatal riot. Storms at sea. Sudden death. A popular actor. Free education. Wheat scarcity. Eskimo outrage. "Poor London." Schooner missing. Sedition in India. Government whip. A sensational case. Flemming's benefit. "Shamus O'Brien." Pugilism in Sydney. A murderous assault. Protection in France. The Czar in Denmark. A burglary at Parkside. Sixty sailors massacred. Returning Salvationists. An Australian marriage. Torpedo-boat inspection. An exhibition of pictures. The Prison-Gate Brigade. "Still Waters Run Deep." French fleet at Portsmouth. Victorian Alliance Conference. Masonic ball on Friday evening. What price Government whips? President Carnot visits England. The billiard champion is coming. Some facts about South Australia. The featherweight championship. Lord Kintore is going to visit Sydney. Solomon wields the Government whip. Late sitting in the Assembly to-night. Death of the British Postmaster- General. Ebby Ward wanted to orate on federation. "Discovery of valuable pearls in West Aus- tralia. Moule wouldn't have the whip, so Solomon took it. The lawyers objected to legislating by regu- lations. The Legislative Council sat for four hours yesterday. "The Mikado" at the Port Town Hall again well received. The mayoress has postponed her reception until Monday. Mr. Y. L. Solomon, M.P., is to act as the Government whip. The Hindley-street ghost illusion is attract ing public attention. More settlers for Renmark and Mildura arrived by the Oruba. A social tendered to the late Port Adelaide stationmaster last evening. Dashwood and Kingston had a little skirmish in the Assembly on Tuesday. Felix Tanner is now on the 29th day of his fast and is rapidly losing weight. The Salvation Army Crystal Palace demon- stration a tremendous gathering. The Rev. Dean Dundas, of Tasmania, was a passenger by the Oruba on Tuesday. There was a rain of formal and informal questions in the Assembly on Tuesday. If each of the Ministers contributed £25 that would add £150 a year to Solomon's salary. Mr. Solomon, the Government whip, sup- ported Dr. Cockburn only a little while ago. The House spent six hours in considering one clause of the Agricultural Holdings Bill. The Attorney-General stuck to his guns manfully over the Agricultural Holdings Bill. The barque Theophane arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday afternoon to be slipped. H. E. Downer is very indignant at the delay in beginning the work of fencing the Goolwa line. The Blyth Extension Railway Commission report in favor of the construction of that line. The fight for the featherweight champion- ship in Sydney resulted in a victory for Jem Burge. The opponents to the Ontaparinga Water works Bill gave their dying kicks on Tuesday evening. Pearls have been discovered near Broome, W.A., on the north-west coast, valued at £1,000 each. The Semaphore Baptist Sentinel, in connec- tion with the local, church, made a profit of £100 last year. The Rev. C. L. Marson will lecture to-night at the Democratic Club on "History and Aim of English Socialism." Mr. J. W. Isbister won' the scholarship in common law at the Inner Temple this year beating five other competitors. The rye and wheat harvest as well as the vintage throughout Italy are reported to be splendidly prolific this season. The Pall Mall Gazette was the enterprising paper in which the rumor of "Rolfe Boldre- wood's" death was first started. Exactly five hours were spent by the Assembly yesterday in considering the Agri- cultural Holdings Bill in committee. General Booth, of the Salvation Army, is visiting Australia for the purpose of raising money for his Darkest England scheme. The Government have not yet received that £50,000 deposit from the syndicate who desire to construct a railway from Port Augusta to Eucla. "The real reason of the hesitation to lend was owing to the desire on the part of the London brokers to get bigger profits out of us."— Holder. Speaker Coles gave his ruling on the amend- ments of the Legislative Council on the Tariff Revision Bill in favor of the Legislative Council. The officers of the French fleet now visiting England continue to be the recipients of cordial greetings by various personages and public bodies. That deservedly popular actor Mr. Herbert Hemming will be tendered a complimentary benefit under viceregal patronage at the Albert Hall this evening. The Speaker quoted precedent from the pro- cedure of the House of Commons, and the Attorney-General quoted precedent from English legislation. Mr. Levies, a Victorian politician and the chairman of directors of Chaffey Brothers' Irrigation Colonies, was a passenger by the mailbox on Tuesday. Mr. Gilbert intends to move for a return of all expenses and payments in connection with select committees and royal commissions during the last two years. "I claim my right as a member of this House to respectfully use the ordinary form of the House to put myself in order so as to make certain remarks."—Ebby. A Victorian politician of some 21 years' standing thinks that too many Australian bonds were placed on the market at too high a price. Hence the non- flotation. The man caught in connection with the burglary at Parkside will be charged with several cases of housebreaking which have taken place lately around Adelaide. The position of Master of the Supreme Court, rendered vacant by the death of Mr W. D. Scott, has been offered to Mr. F. F. Turner, solicitor to the Lands Titles Office. Weather forecast for to-day—"Barometers failing rapidly and further unsettled showery weather coming up from the west, followed later by strong west and south-west and squally weather." "There had been no extensive public works going on, no increase in population, no boom of any kind to inflate figures, and no exceptional private enterprise."—Grainger on the budget. The New York Independent says that a re- cently-published paper signed by several Jewish freethinkers contains this tribute to Christianity:—"Christianity goes forth to seek nations and individuals, converts them and makes them better, and we Israelites ourselves enjoy extended rights in proportion as the peoples in the midst of which we dwell apply themselves to live according to the principles proclaimed by their teacher, Jesus Christ." A curious fact is brought out by the Scotch census. The majority of the female part of the population over the male part has been re- duced during the last 10 years. In 1881 there were 1,936,098 females and 1,799,475 males. The females were thus in a majority of 136,623. On April 5 last there were in Scotland 2,081,642 females and 1,951,461 males. The females were thus in a majority of 130,181. In round numbers their majority has decreased by 6,500. 