[COPYRIGHT.] Early Australian History. Being a Series of Historical Sketches, bearing upon Australian Colonization and. Convict Life in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. By "Chatterer," (Mr. C. WHITE); Part IV. - The Story of the Bushrangers. HOWE'S GANG - (CONTINUED.) But Howe's day had come. In October, 1818, a former accomplice in the pay of a man named Worrall, who had determined to capture him, lured him to his fate by promises of refreshment for which the wretched outlaw's nature was craving. The story of his capture is given in the captor's own words in the Military Sketch Book, and I cannot do better than repeat it here: — "I was now," says Worrall, "determined to make a push for the capture of this villain, Mick Howe, for which I was promised a passage to England in the next ship that sailed, and the amount of reward laid upon his head. I found out a man of the name of Warburton, who was in the habit of hunting kangaroos for their skins, and who had frequently met Howe during his excursions, and sometimes furnished him with ammunition. He gave me such an account of Howe's habits, that I felt convinced we could take him with a little assistance. I therefore spoke to a man named Pugh, belonging to the 48th Regiment, one who I knew was a most cool and resolute fellow. He immediately entered into my views, and having applied to Major Bell, his commanding officer, he was recommended by him to the Governor, by whom he was permitted to act, and allowed to join us ; so he and I went directly to Warburton, who heartily entered into the scheme, and all things were arranged for putting it into execution. The plan was this:— Pugh and I were to remain in Warburton's hut, while Warburton himself was to fall into Howe's way. The hut was on the River Shannon, standing so completely by itself, and so out of the track of anybody who might be feared by Howe, that there was every probability of accomplishing our wishes, and 'scotch the snake,' as they say, if not kill it. Pugh and I accordingly proceeded to the appointed hut. We arrived there before daybreak, and having made a hearty breakfast, Warburton set out to seek Howe. He took no arms with him, in order to still more effectually carry his point,. but Pugh and I were provided with muskets and pistols. The sun had just been an hour up when we saw Warbuton and Howe upon the top of the hill coming towards the hut. We expected they would be with us in a quarter of an hour, and so we sat down upon the trunk of tree inside the hut calmly waiting their arrival. An hour passed but they did not come, and I crept to the door cautiously and peeped out. There I saw them standing within a hundred yards of us in earnest conversation; as I learned afterwards the delay arose from Howe suspecting that all was not right; I drew back from the door to my station, and about ten minutes after this we plainly heard footsteps and the voice of Warburton. Another moment and Howe slowly entered the hut— his gun presented and cocked. The instant he espied us he cried but 'Is that your game ?' and immediately fired, but Pugh's activity prevented the shot from taking effect, for he knocked the gun aside. Howe ran off like a wolf. I fired but missed. Pugh then halted and took aim at him, but also missed. I immediately flung away the gun and ran after Howe; Pugh also pursued ; Warburton was a considerable distance away. I ran very fast ; so did Howe ; and if he had not fallen down an unexpected bank, I should not have been fleet enough for him. This fall, how- ever, brought me up with him; he was on his legs and preparing to climb a broken bank, which would have given him a free run into the wood, when I presented my pistol at him and desired him to stand; he drew forth another, but did not level it at me. We were then about fifteen yards from each other, the bank he fell from being between us. He stared at me with astonishment, and to tell you the truth, I was a little astonished at him, for he was covered with patches of kangaroo skins, and wore a black beard - a haver- sack and powder horn slung across his shoulders. I wore my beard also as I do now, and a curious pair we looked. After a moment's pause he cried out, 'Black beard against grey beard for a million!' and fired; I slapped at him, and I believe hit him, for he staggered, but rallied again, and was clearing the bank between him and me when Pugh ran up and with the butt end of his firelock knocked him down, jumped after him, and battered his brains out, just as he was opening a clasp knife to defend himself." This closed the last act in the career of one of the most notorious criminals in a land of criminals. Howe's head was cut off and exhibited in Hobart Town, and those who had feared him in life had the satisfaction of knowing that he would never more give trouble or commit crime. Many murders were attributed to him besides those referred to. It was said that among the victims were two of his boon com- panions, who had committed some trifling offence; and concerning one of these it was said that Howe tied his hands and feet before shooting him. The hut which he had built for himself was discovered five years after his death. The spot was secluded but very picturesque, having a complete covering of honeysuckle vine. Mr. Bonwick says:- "A visitor in 1823 compared this place to the valley of Rasselas, and was charmed with its scenery. He was awe-struck when standing at the brink of a neighbouring basaltic precipice, 600 feet deep to the dark abyss, through which a silvery line indicated the path of the Ouse, or Big River. He found the hut tenanted by the wife of one of Mr. Lord's stockmen. Interrogating her as to the loneliness of the situation, he received for reply these words of mystic import Nothing trouble me except when I awake at night and my cow comes to haunt me. The traveller wondered at her fears about the ghost of her cow. But the poor woman meant the spirit of Michael Howe, or Mike Howe as he was popularly called; deeming the H superfluous she pronounced the name of this terror of settlers as my cow." (To be Continued.) 