CHAPTER XXXV.-A VISITATION. .. There was no more sleep at,the.quarters;that; night, and never was the.dawn more welcome.; It only brought a respite, however, for the im-i pression was. fixed- that, the place was-haunted.j There was. a settled' aspect of gloom, and anxiety, on; every dusky face ;in the-morn-; ing. Mr. Baron found; his overseer incapa/ci-i tated for duty, but the hands were ratherj anxious to go, to work and readily obeyed his; orders, to do HO. They clung,to all that was; familiar and every-day-like, while their fears; and troubled consciences spurred them to_ tasks} which they ielt might.be a sort of propitiation) to the mysterious powers abroad. Zany wasi was now sorry indeed that she had not gone; with. Chunk, and, poor Ann' Jinkey so shook) and' trembled all day that Mrs. Whately would; not let. her watch by Miss Lou. Knowing; much of negro superstitions she, believed, with; her brother and Mrs. Baron, that the graves onj the- place, together with some natural y.eb; unusual sounds, had- started , a panic which; would; soon die out. , . When at last Perkins, shalcy and nervous,^ reported the mysterious death of his dog, BEr.j Baron, was perplexed, bufc.-nothing more.; " Yqu were in no condition to givoi aj sane account - of anything. that happened! last night'/' he said curtly. "Be careful"iixjf ttie .future. If you will only. be.seiwible about) it, this ridiculous scare will be to our ad van-, tage, foj;. the, hands are subdued enough nom audi lightened, into their,tlutjv'. -??? . . s s . Eejskiiis remained situut.. In truth', he. was more frightened than anyone ylse, for the death of his dog appeared.fco single.himioab!as a speoial object of ghostly ""hostility.' He gob through the day as well .as he, could,, bub dreaded the coming night all the more as ha saw eyes direoted towards, him,, asif he, in soma way, , were the cause of the supernatural visita tion.: This belief was due to the- fact that Aun' Jinkey in-her terror, had spoken, of Scoyille'3 death, although. she. :wo$4 iwt ^tdl'shotw she knew about it. " Perkins shoot at en try ter bill Marse- Seoville,"- she -had" whispered -to* her , cronies, "en how he daid'he spciob comin'yere fer hant the obejseer. "We neoeishab no quiefe nights till dat^ar Perkins goway fer good." t rhisratiouarexplanatioffpaeaedfromliptto lip and was generally accepted. The coming night .was. looked forward to in deep apprehen sion,- atulby nonemorethan by Perkins. Indeed, ; his fears so got th^-better of him that when the hands i qiut\ work.; he: started for the nearesb tavern and there remained till morning. Chunk was made-aware of: this: fact and the nighb passed ;in'absolute quiet., All the negroesnob m the secret now hoped, tha.t .the overseer was the sole prey of the, spook, and if they remained quietly -in- their places they would be un molested. Chunkand ? a few of the boldest of his. fellow, conspirators had full scope therefore 'to'perfect their fiijal arrangements.' In a disused^ room, of- one of the outbuildings., the moat'ragged and T3lbod:staine5 uniforms of the Union soldiers1 had been cast and forgotten. Thieve, were. carried .'toiaipomtriear the trarying ground^ tried on, and concealed. Chunk.founu iitr ,was. no -easy task to keep eveiv the reckless fellahs he ^haa-pioked up to, the sticking point Of, courage^inr the., gruesome' tasks, he^hadin ' view, but his scoff, together with their .mutual aid an/i comfort,..carried them through, whilia the hope of speedy freedom' inspiied them to what was >£elfe to togreat .risks; : - r ^Ojx, tMs.'.occasi6n,^Ke; dismissed' tham-soma little jtim'e, before:- midnight, for he: wished them,to;getzested andain good; condition-,for what he noped'would be the -final-effort:tha following night. As he lingered in the still starlit daririiess'h'e'cotild not resist making- an effort to see Zany; and' so began hooting like an owl-down^by-tire -run^ gradtially-appro ach ing hearer till- he. reached |He garden.Z^uiy, wakeful, and,- sluyermgnwitnr nameless- Stead* ,wasatartled:by th0;EQuni Lisfceoingintently she soon believed she i detected ^ note that wag Chunk's and notia bird?s. JEIer -first impres sion was that Herrlbver Had"discovered- that Ha couldinpt gorfinally.away': without her., ancL so had returned. Her fear.of spooks, was ep greab that her impulse was-to run away with Chunk ,as far . from that; hauntedf plantation!' as; ha. would take her. Trembling like va wind shaken leaf, she stolainto the garden1 shrubbery and whispered, ," Chunk I" "Hi t-yere I'is:"* : - There was no tantalising,coqwetry,in Zany's manner how. In a moment she was in Chunk's a rms sobtdn g-, " Teli me:way off fum dis place. I go wid .yon now;, dis berry minutef-en I neber breve easyjiill^e way; wayoff enywhar, I doan keer whore Oh,'Chunk, yon doaninow w'at been gwine on en-I darsn't tell you twel we gits way off."" '/ . "I isn't feared," replied Chunk easily. . "Dat's kaza you doan-.know. I des been tremblin' stiddj* sencalas? night en sltee: feared hit.begin enje minute now."j .. "Hit woan begin dis yere night," replied Chunk soothing1 and' incautiously.: . _ "Ho\fr you know?" she asked quickly, % sudden suspicion entering-her rgind., "Wat's ter begin?" answered Chunkj nop? on his guard. "De night am still," nobody roun'. I hang roun' a few nights- twel I study , out de bes' plan ter git away." ; "Has you been hangin' roun*.: night3, ! Chunk f' Zany asked solemnly.: ,. ' "How you talks, Zany! Does youjspects I , dar stay roun' whar Perkins am 1 Hekill me. He done gone way to-night." " ; " < '' How you know dat ?" . :.'f ' '. "One de fiel'-hans tolame." ,. " Chunk, ef you up ter shines en dpan tola me I done wid you. Hasn't ? I hep . you out'a \- in eberything so fur ? Ef: I iinL out. you been skeerinme so widenydoin's I des done wid you. I des feel hit in my bones yon de spook. You kyant bamboozle me. I km hep you hab done hitafo'-en I kin hinder you, so be r keerfnl.:, Dere's some dif'unce in.beinga spook yosef en bein'skeered ter .death by a rale spook. Ef you tryin' ter skeerr en fool me I be, wuss on you ner eny Voodoo woman- dat ever kun jured folks." ; : The: interview ended in Chunk's making a clean breast of it and, in .securing Zany as an " ally with mental, reservations./ The thoHghb that he had foolediher rankled, Mr. Baron's expostulation: and- his - oivn pressing interests'-induced Perkins to remain at home the following night,- - As'Jute hid '' sefemed forgiving and . friendly^, the. overseer .. asked him to bring. two others. and stay with . > Him,; .offering some of the contents : of , tha replenished jug as .a reward. : They sat re ,.spectfullyinear the door whilei Perkins threw Himself on his bed with the intention of-gettang to sleep-as soon as'possible.- " Are you shore ther to no- 'stui'bances last night?" .ha asked. ' . : ' "Well,.Marse Perkins,"; repHed Jute, "you didn't 'spect wo out lookin'. We wuzpo'ful sleepy-en roll'we Haids: en er blanketa en den ..'fo' we kno\ved- hi<i sun-up. Folks say en da quarters dat arspookain' arter \is." : ^ Who the devil is hit arter then?" was tha '^(iw.we know, mars'r.?. We neheritry ter Iiill^enybodyi-5 . -r^V ? "But.I tett'you. I'didn't kill:him3"'e^KJS« tulated their nervous victim. -; -,i-: -- " Didn't name ho names, Marse. Perking.-;, I on'y knows : w'at I yeared folks tell 'bout spooksv Dey's mighty cur'us, spooks is.'-Dey desipear to > git .-a spite agiii som^--folks en,dey ain' bodderin.oder, folks long ez dey aih''feferga wid. I 'spectra spook dat wuz 'feered widL ceft he dander up en slam roun,' permiscu3.-; t oes tek a ole bull by de-horns w I 'fere wid^ai spook,!' and. Jute s companions grunted assent. " W?at& the. good o ye'r bem' yere then?" . Perkins asked, taking a deep.draughfc. i -; ?;" Weii now, Marse Perkins,. youimus'n-ba . onreasonbul. W.'at cud we do ? We desriskin' . de-wool on we haids stayin'yere fer comp'ny. ' Ef.de spook come spose he tink we no business . vere en des lay we out lak he kunjer yo' dawg 1 We des tank jyou, Marse Perking fer. anoder lii.drap ter .kep we sperets out'n we shoon," and Jute shuddered portentiously. " Well;'' said Perldns, with attempted bravado, " I rammed a piece o' silver down on the bulletin my gun. Twix 'em both-" "Dar now, Marse Perkins, you des: been 'posed on :bout dat silber business. Ole Uno' Sampson w'at libed on.de Simcoe place nigh on , er him'erd yeahs dey say tole me lots 'bout a. ' spook dat boddered um w'en he a boy. Way back ole Marse Simcoe shot at de man dab hanker fer he darter. De man put out en gab drownded, but dat doan make no dif'rence TTnc' Sampson say, kase ole Marse Simcoe do he bes' ter kill der man., He sorter hab kill in he heart, en TJnc' Sampson low a spook know w'at gwine on in er man's in'erds, en dey des goes fer de, man dat wanter kill um on de sly en not dose dat kill in fa'r. fight. Ole tJno.' Sampson po'ful on spooks. He libed so long he get ter be sorter spook.hesef, en dey say ha talk ter um haf de time'fo' hekiner dessnuf out'n lak a can'L" ' . " He wuz a silly old fool," growled Perkins, with a perceptible tumor in his. voice, "Spect he wuz'bout some tings," resumed Jute, "but know spooks, he sut'ny did; _ He say ole Marse Simcoe useter plug lead en silver right froo dat man dat want lie darter, en dar was de hole en de light shinin' froo hit. Bub de spook, ain.min'in' a lil ting lak dat, he dea , ? come on all de same snoopin'-roun' arter de ole man's darter. Den one mawnin' de old man lay stiff en,daid,in,he baid, he eyesstarin- open ez if he see sump'n he.cudh't stah! no how. Dat wuz d6 las' ob dat are spook, ITnq' rSamp son say, en he say spook's cur'us .dat.. away. W'en dey sats'fy. dere-grudge dey lets up en dey doan foller de man dey down on kaze dey on'y po'r in de place whar, de man 'lowed ter kill um." . ; . . . . Perkins took a mental, .note of this very im portant limitation of. ghostly persecution, and resolved that, if he had.any;.more trouble all the crops inithestate would; npt-keep him within the>haunted:limit>....., : .. . He whiled away-the time by aid of his jug 1 and- Job-like comfoxiiers till' it. began:to grow late and.he drowsy.. , . .,. Suddenly Jute ' exclaimed-" Hi t 'Marsa Perkins, ,\y'at dat light dancin' .up yon'er by de . grabeyard?" :The-overaeer,irbse_with'a start; his-hair-rising also as- He saw! a -fitful jack-6 -lantern gleam appearing and disappearing on the'cemetery hill. As had been expected, he. obeyed his im " pulse, pouring dqn'n.'.whisky until he speedily rendered himself utterly helpless; but while C hiis intoxication disabled him physically-it pro duced for a time an excited and disordered \- condition of mind in which, he was. easily im .j posed.uporj... Jute.shoolchiin and;adjured him. , to gfitf.np, .saying-" I years quarsoun's coimn /disway. ? . ; - ' Wh^n satisfied that their !victim ;could-make no resistance, Jiita and.companions.;pret_ended to st^rt, away in itgrrpr. Perkins tried to implore them- to:- remain,; huli;his -lipsseemed paralysed. A few. moments-later a strange group entered the cottage-five figures dressed in Federal uniforms, hands and faces white and ghastly, and, two carrying white eavalrvsabres. \- Each one had its finger on its Hps, but Perkins \- was laeyond speech. In unspeakable horror, he < stared vacantly before him and ' remained silent and motionless. . The ghostly shapes looked;at him fixedly for a, brief time, then ab one another, and solemnly nodded. iNexfc, four took hiih up and: bore him out, the fifth following with the jug. .At the door stood an immovably tall form, surmounted by a cavalry 1 hat apd wpapped in a' long army overcoat, . "Leften^nti Seoville!" gasped Perkjns.,, ? The.figure, as if the joints of ltSrback wera near the ground, made a portentous inclination of assent, arid then pointed with, another white sabre to the hill,' leading the way. Perkins ! tried to shout for help, but his tongue seemed ? powerless, as in fact it was, from terror and '.liquor: combined. He. felt himself earned ; swiftly and5. as he, thought, surely to soma ' terrible doom. At last his bearers stopped, and Perkins saw the. mounds, of- the .Union dead rising near. He now remembered in a- confused way thati one more grave had been dug than had proved necessary, and lettered a low howl'as ne felt himself lowered into it. Instantly the tall figure which, appeared to direct everything threatened him with a ghostly sabre, and an titter paralysis of unspeakable dread fell upon him. For a few moments they; all stood around and pointed at him with white ghostly fingers, tnengradually receded until out of sight. After a; time Perkins began to get his voice, when suddenly 'his tormentors appealed in terrible guise. Each white, ghostly face was lighted up aa by a tongue of fare; fcerriblfi < eye3 gleamed from under wide-crowned cavalry hats, and a. voice was heard in a; sepulchral whisper, " Nex* time we come fer you we bury you!" At this. instant 'c&ihe; a flash of Hgntaing, fol lowed lyii treiii^hdous clap of thunder. The jaws-of the figures dropped, the burning splin ters of lightwood they carried dropping down into the grave and on. its half-lifeless occupant . The "ghosts now disappeared finally ; in fact, took to their heels, all. except Chunk, who Becuifed the jug, nodded thrice portentously at Perkins^ and then retired also, not a little shaken in his nerves, but sufficiently .self controlled to' rally his panic-stricken . fol lowers and get them to remove_ their,, dis giises before wrapping their heads in blanketa aving removed and hidden all traces df the escapade he hooted for the alert Zany, "who had been trembling on the watch in spite of her knowledge of what was going on.; As she . fled with Chunk before the coming storm she' gasped between'.the gusts, "I declar. Chunk, seen doin's gwine ter bruhg a judgfient." Even Chunk inclined to this viewfor a time, as the lightning blazed from sky. to earth and the thunder cracked- and roare'd overhead." The rain poured in such tprrents that he feared Perkins might be drowned, in the grave where he had been placed. As for Aun5 Jinkey, she stared a_t her unexpected visitors in speechless perplexity and terror until, the fury of the' temjiest had passed and their [voices could be heard, . (To be continued.) 