THE STORYTELLER A Daughter of the D'Urbervilles. By Thomas Hardy. CHAPTER LIII. FULFILMENT. It was evening at Emminster Vicarage. The two customary shaded candles were 'burning' in the Vicar's study, but he had not been sitting there. Occasionally he came in, stirred the small fire which sufficed under the increasing mildness of spring, and went out again, sometimes pausing at the front door, then going on to the drawing room. then returning: atrain to the front door. It faced westward, and though it was dark in doors, it was still light enough without to see with distinctness. Mrs. Clare, who had been sitting in the drawing-room, followed him hither. ' Plenty of time yet,' said the Vicar. ' He doesn't reach Chalk-Newton till 6, even if the train should he punctual, and ten miles of countiy road, five of wnich are in Crimmercrock-lane, are not jogged over in a hurry by our old horse.' ' But he has done it in an hour with us, my dear.' ' Years ago.' i Thus they passed the minutes, each well know ing that this was only waste of breath, the one essential being simply to wait. At length there was a slight noise in the lane, and the old pony-chaise appeared indeed outside the railings, and moving the edge of the curtains, they saw alight therefrom a form which they aifected to recognise, but would actually have passed by iu the street without identifying had he not got out of their carriage at the particular moment when a particular person was almost cer tain to alight. Mrs. Clare rushed through the dark passage to the door, and her husband came more slowly after. The new arrival, who was just about to enter, saw their anxious faces in the doorway, and the gleam of the west in their spectacles, because they con fronted the last rays of day, but they could only see his shape against the light. '0, my boy, my boy — home again at last!' cried Mrs. Clare, who cared no more at that moment for the stains of heterodoxy which had caused all this separation than for the dust upon his clothes. What woman, indeed, among the most faithful adherents of the truth, believes in the promises aud threats of the Word in tho sense in which she believes in her own children, or would not throw her theology to the wind if weighed ng-ainst their happiness ? As soon as they reached t he room where the candles were lighted she looked at his face. '0, it is not Angel — not my son — the Angel who went away!' she cried, in all the irony of sorrow, as she turned herself away !' His father, too, was shocked to see him, so re duced was that figure from its former contours by ?worry and the bad season which Clare had expe rienced in the climate to which he had so rashly hurried in his first aversion to the mockery of events at houie. You could see the skeleton be hind the man, and almost the ghost behind the skeleton. His sunken eye -pits were of morbid hue, and the light in his eyes had waned. The angular hollows and lines of his aged ancestors had succeeded to their reign in his face 20 years before their time. * * I was ill over there, you know,' he said. 'I j am all l ight now.' As if, however, to falsify this assertion, his legs : seemed to give way, and he suddenly sat down to save himself from falling. It was only a slight attack of faintness, resulting from the tedious day's journey, or the excitement of arrival. 'Has any letter come for me lately r' he asked. ' Yes. One, two or three months ago. But thinking you were about to return we kept it by us, till you wrote that you were not coming quite so soon, when we sent it on immediately with another which had just arrived.' ' Was it — do you think it was from her ?' ' I think so — one of the two.' It was unfortunate that it should have been sent off to South America ; but he reflected that he had taken precautions against such an accident, so that the letter with its companion was probably by this time on its way back to him. ' Well, I must have patience,' said Angel, with a sigh. ' Perhaps she has become quite indifferent about me !' ' Don't Angel, be so anxious about a mere child of the soil !' said his mother. 'Child of the soil ! Well, we all are children of the soil ; but let me now explain to you what I have never explained before, that her father is a descendant in the male line of one of the oldest Norman houses, like a good many others who lead obscure agricultural lives in our villages, and are dubbed ' sons of the soil.' ' He soon retired to bed ; and the next morning, feeling exceedingly unwell, he remained in his room pondering. The circumstances under which he had left Tess were such that though, while on the south of the Equator, it had seemed the easiest thing in the world to rush back into her arms, now that he had arrived it was not so easy as it had seemed. Her letter, when it came, would probably reveal the state of her heart ; but in the absence of it, would it be wise to rush upon her un announced? Supposing that her love had indeed turned to dislike during the separation, a sudden meeting might lead to bitter words. Clare therefore thought it would be best to pre pare Tess and her family for his return by sending a line to her mother at Marlott, asking if Tess again lived there with her, as he had arranged for her to do when he left England, or was still at Flintcomb - Ash . He despatched this inquiry that very day, and before the week was out there came a short reply from Mrs. Durbeyfield which did not remove his embarrassment, for it bore no address, though it was not written from Marlott. ' Sir, — J wrote these few lines to say that my daughter is away from home at present, and J am not sure when die will return, but J will let you know as soon as she do. J do not feel at liberty to tell you where she is staying. J should say that me and my family have left Marlott for some time. — Yours, ' J. DUBBEYFrELD.' It was such a relief to Clare that Tess was at least still alive that her mother's reticence as to her whereabouts did not long distress him. He would wait till Mi's. Durbeyfield could inform him of Tess's return, which her letter implied to be soon. He deserved no more. His had been a love ' which alters. when it alteration finds.' He had under gone some strange experiences in his absence ; he had seen the virtual Faustina in the actual Cor nelia, the spiritual Lucretia in the corporeal Phryne ; he had thought of the woman of Samaria being dragged to judgment, and of the wife of Uriah being made a queen ; and he had asked him self why had he not judged Tess constructively rather than biograpliieally, by the will rather than I by the deed ? I Day after day passed while he waited at his father's house for the second letter from Joan Dur beyfield, and indirectly to recover a little more strength. The strength showed signs of coming back, but there was no sign of the letter. Then, at the end of a fortnight, the letters which had been sent on to him in Brazil were returned, and the first he read was one from Tess, now some three months old, which she had written from Flintcomb-Ash. The unexpected sentences un manned him quite. ' I must cry to you in my trouble — I have no one eke ? I think I must die if you do not come soon, or tell me to come to you ? Please, please not to be just ; only a little kind to me ? If you would come I could die in your arms. I would be well content to do that if you had. forgiven me ? If you will send me one little line and say I am coming soon I will wait on, Angel ; oh, so cheerfully ! . . . Think how it hurts my heart not to see you ever, ever ! Ah, if I could only make your dear heart ache one little minute of each day as mine does every day and all day long, it might lead you to show pity to your poor lonely one ? I would be content, aye, glad to live with you as your servant, if I may not as your wife ; so that I could only be near you, and get glimpses of you, and think of you as mine ? I long for only one thing in heaven, or earth, or under the earth, to meet you, my own dear. Come to me, come to me, and save me from what threatens me.' Clare's eyes were blinded with tears as, spring ing wildly up to go and find her immediately, he asked his father if she had applied for any money during his absence. His father replied in the negative ; and then, for the first time, it occurred to him that her pride had stood in her way. Whilst he was hastily packing together a few articles for his journey he glanced over the other letters, among which was the one from Marian and Izz Huett, beginning : — ' Honoured Sir, ' Look to your wife if you do love her as much as she do love you,' and signed, 'Feom Two Well-Wishees.' CHAPTER LIV. In a quarter of an hour Clare was out of the house, though without an idea in his head of how he should find her. His mother watched his thin figure as it disappeared into the street. He had declined to borrow his father's old mare, well knowing of its necessity to the household, but went to the inn, where he hired a trap, and could hardly wait during the harnessing. In a very few minutes after he was driving up the hill out of the town which, three months earlier in the year, Tess had descended with such hopes, and ascended with such shattered purpose. Benville Lane soon stretched before him, its hedges and trees purple with buds ; but he was looking at other things, and only recalled himself to the scene sufficiently to enable him to keep the way. In something less than an hour and a-half he had skirted the south of the King's Hintock estates, and ascended to the untoward solitude of Cross-in- Hand, the (unknown to them) unholy stone whereon Tess had been compelled by Alec D'Urbervillc, in his converted character, to swear the strange oath that she would never wilfully tempt him again. The pale and blasted nettle stems of the preceding year even now lingered nakedly in the banks, young green nettles of the present spring growing from their roots. Thence he went along the verge of the upland overhanging the other Hintocks, and, turning to the right, plunged into the bracing, calcareous region of Flintcomb Ash, the address from which she had written to him, and which he supposed to be the place of sojourn referred to by her mother. Here, of course, he did not find her now ; and what added to his depression was the discovery that no ' Mrs. Clare ' had ever been heard of by the cottagers or by the farmer himself, though Tess was remembered well enough by her Christian name. His she had obviously never used during their separation, and her dignified sense of their total severance was shown not much less by this abstention than by the hardships she had chosen to undergo (which he now learnt for the first time) rather than apply to his father for more funds. From this place they told him Tess Durbeyfield had gone, without due notice, to the home of her parents on the other side of Blackmoor, and it therefore became necessary to find Mrs. Durbey field. She had told him she was not now at Mar lott, but had been curiously recent as to her actual address, and the only course was to go to Marlott and inquire for it. The farmer, who had been so churlish with Tess, was quite smooth-tongued to Clare, and lent him a horse and man to drive him to Marlott, the gig he had arrived in being sent back to Emminster, the limits of a day's journey for that horse having been reached. Clare would not accept the loan of the farmer's vehicle for a further distance than to the outskirts of Marlott, and, sending it back with the man who had driven him, he entered on foot the ?village which was the spot of his dear Tess's birth. It was as yet too early in the year for much colour to appear in the gardens and foliage ; the scene was but winter overlaid with a thin coat of green, and it was of a parcel with his expectations. The house in which Tess had passed the years of her childhood was now inherited by another family who had never known her. The new The wound was small, but the point of the knife had touched the heart of the victim, who lay on his back, pale, fixed, as if he had scarcely moved after the infliction of the blow.— Chapteb LVI. residents were in the garden, taking as much n terest in their own doings as if the homestead hod never passed its primal time in conjunction with the histories of othere, to whom their histoiies would be but as a talc that is told. They walked about the garden paths with thoughts of their own concerns entirely uppermost, bringing their actions at every moment into jarring collision with the dim figures behind them, talking as though the time when Tess lived there were not one whit intenser in story than now. Even the spring birds sang over their heads as if they thought there was no body missing in particular. On inquiry of these precious innocents, to whom even the name of their predecessors was a fading memory, Clare learned that John Durbeyfield was dead ; that his widow and children had left Mar lott, declaring they were going to live at Shotts ford Forum, but instead of doing so they had gone on to Chaseborough. By this time Clare had ab horred the house for ceasing to contain Tess, and hastened away from its hated presence without once looking back. His way was by the field in which he had first beheld her at the dance. It was as bad as the house — even worse. He passed on through the churchyard, where, amongst the new headstones, he saw one of a somewhat superior design to the rest. The inscription ran thus : — ' In memory of John Durbeyfield, rightly D'Urberville, of the once Powerful Family of that Name, and Direct Descendant through an Illus trious Line from Sir Bryan D'Urberville, one of the Knights of the Conqueror. Died March 10th, 18 ? ' HOW ABE THE MlGHTY FALLEN.' Some man, apparently the sexton, had observed Clare standing there, and drew nigh. Ah, sir, now that's a man who didn't want to lie here, but wished to be carried to King-share, where his ances tors be.' ' Aud why didn't they respect his wish r' ' Oil — no money. Bless your soul, sir, why — there, I wouldn't wish to say it everywhere, but — oven this headstone, for all the flourish wrote upon cu, is not paid for.' ' Ah — who put it up r' The man told the name of a mason in the village, aud, on lea.viug the churchyard, Clare called at the mason's house. He found that the statement was true, and paid the bill. This done, he turned in tho direction of Chaseborough . The distance was too long for a walk, but Clare felt kiiijIi a strong- desire for isolation that at first he would neither hire a conveyance nor go to a circuitous line of railway by which he might even tually reach the place. At Share ton, however, he found he must hire : but the way was such that he did uot enter Chaseborough till about 7 o'clock in the evening, having traversed a distance of over twenty miles since leaving Marlott. The town being small, he bad little difficulty in finding Mrs. Durbeyfield1* tenement, which was tbe upper floor of a house iu the main street, where she had stowed away her awkward village furni ture a« best she could. It was plaiu that for stune reason or other she had not wished him to visit licr, !ii nl he felt his call to bo somewhat of an intrusion. She came to the door herself, and the light from tbe evening sky fell upon her face. This was the first time that Clare had ever met her. but he was ton preoccupied to observe more than that she was still a handsome woman, in tlie g.u-b of ji respectable widow. He was obliged to explain that, he was Tess's husband, aud his object in corning there, aud did it awkwardly enough. 44 I want to see her at once,' he added. ' You s.i id you would write to me again, but you have n jt done so.' ' Because she 've uot come home,' said Joan. 'Do you know if she is well ' I don't. But you ought to, sir,' said she. ' I admit it. Where is she staying!- ' 1'Yom the beginning of tho interview Joan had disclosed her embarrassment by keeping her baud to the side of her cheek. 'I — don't kuow exactly where she is staying,' she answered. ' She wae — but ? ' ' Where was she ? ' Well, she is not there now.' In her evasive ness she paused again, and the younger children had by this time crept downstairs, and, pulling at liis mother's skirts, the youngest murmured, '* Is this the gentleman who is going to marry Tess r ' ' He has married her,' Joan whispered. ' Go upstairs.' Clare saw her desire for reticcncc, and asked, 'Do you think Tess would wish me to try and find her:1 If not, of course ? ' , ' I don't think she would.' ' Arc you sure?' ' I am sure she wouldn't.' lie was turning away ; and then he thought of Tess's tender letter. ' I am sure she would ! ' he retorted passionately. ' I kuow her better than you do.' '* That's very likely, sir ; for I have never really known her.' ' Please tell me her address, Mrs. Durbeyfield, iu kiudness to a lonely wretched man.' Tess's mother again restlessly swept her cheek with her vertical hand, aud, seeing that he suffered, she at last said, in a low voice, 'She is at Sand bourne.' ' ' Ah— where there ? Sandbotrne has become a large place, they say.' ' I don't know more particularly than I have said — Saudbourne. For myself, I was never there.' v It was apparent that Joan spoke the truth iu this, and he pressed her no further. 'Are you in want of anything?' he said, gcutlv. ' No, sir,' she replied. ' We are fairly well provided for.' Without entering the house, Clare turned away. There was a statiou three miles ahead, aud paying off bis coachman ho walked thither. The last train to Saudbourne left shortly after, aud it bore Clare oil its whcils. CHAPTER XV. At 1 1 o'clock that night, having secured a bed at one of the hotels and telegraphed his address to his father immediately on his arrival, he walked out into the streets of Saudbourne. It was to3 late to call on or inquire for any one, aud he re luctantly postponed his purpose till the morning. But he could not retire to rest just yet. This fashiouablc watering- place, with its eastern aud its western stations, its piers, it8 groves of pine*, its promenades, aud its covered gardens was, to Angel Clare, like a fairy place Kuddeuly created In* the stroke 'if a wiiud, ;.md allowed to get a little dusty. Au outlying easternmost tract of the enormous Egdou waste was close at hand, yet on the very verge of that tawny piece of autiijuity. f-uch a glittering noveltv as this pleasurc-i ity had ehoseu to spring up. Within the space of a mile from its outskirts every irregularity of the Soil was prehistoric, every raviue au undisturbed British 1 rack way; not a. fiod having been turned since the days of the Cfcesars. Yet the exotic had grown here, and had drawn hither Tess. By the midnight lamps he went up aud down ' the wiudiug ways -of this new world iu an old one, aud could discern between the trees aud against the stars the lofty roofs, chimneys, gazebos, and towers, of the numerous fanciful residences of which the place wife composed. It was a city of detached munfeions ; a Mediterranean louugiiig pla.ee oil ihe Kuglish Channel ; and, a* seen now by night, it seemed even more imposing tlian it was. The sea was near at hand, but not intrusive : it murmured, and he thought it was the pines ; the pines murmured iu precisely the same tones, and he thought they were the sea. Where . could Tess possibly be, a cottage girl, amidst all this wealth and fashion 'i The more he pondered, the more was he puzzled. Were there any eows to milk here ? There certainly were no fields to till. She was most probably engaged to do something in one of these large houses ; and he i sauntered along, looking at the chamber-windows, and their lights going out one by one, and wondered which of them might be hers. Conjecture was useless, and just after 12 o'clock he entered and went to bed. Before putting out his light, he re-read Toss's impassioned letter. Sleep, however, he could not — so near her, yet so far from her. — aud he continually lifted the window bliud and regarded the backs «if opposite houses, aud wondered behind which of the sashes she re posed at that moment. He might almost as well have sat up all night. In the moraine he rose at 7, and shortly after went cut, taking the direction of the chief post-office. At the door he met an intelligent postman coming out with letters for the. morning delivery. ' Do rou kuow the addreto of a Mrs. Clare asked Angel. The postman shook his head. Then, remember ing that she would have been likely to continue the use of her maiden name, Clare said, ' Or a Miss Durbcrfield ? ' ' Durber field ? ' This also was strange to the postman addressed. ' There's visitors coming and going every day, you kpow,' he said; 'and without the name of the house 'tis impossible to find 'em.' One of his comrades hastening out at that moment, the name was repeated to him. . _ ' I know no name of Derberfield : but there is the name of D'Urberville at The Herons,' said the second. ' Thatis it,' cried Clare. ' What place is the Herons r' ' A stylish lodging-house. *Tis all lodging houses, here, bless 'ec.' Clare received directions how to find the house, and hastened thither, arriving with the milkmau. The Herous, though an ordinary villa, stood in its own grounds, aud was certainly the last place in which one would have expected to find lodgings, 'so private was its appearance. If poor Tess were a servant here, as he feared, she would go to the back-door to that milkman, aud he was inclined to go thither also. However, in his doubts he turned to the front-, and rang. The hour being early, the landlady herself opened the door. Clare inquired for Teresa D'Urberville or Durbeyfield. ' JUiss D'Urberville ? ' ' Yes.' Toss, then, had taken to the right spelling of her maiden name, and he felt glad, oven though she had not adopted his. Will you kindly tell her that a relative is anxious to sec her.' 14 It is rather early. What name shall I give, sir?' ' Angel.' 'Mr. Angel ?' 'No ; Angel. It is my Christian name. She'll understand. ' ' I'll see if she is awake.' He was shown into the front room — the dining room — and looked out through the spring curtains at the little lawn, and the rhododendrons and other shrubs upon it. Obviously her position was by no means so bad as he had feared, and it crossed his mind that she must have sold the jewels to attain it. He did not blame her for one moment. Soon his sharpened ear detected footsteps upon the stairs, at which liis heart thumped so painfully that he could hardly stand firm. ' Dear me ! what will she think of me, so altered as I am !' he said to himself ; and the door opened. Tess appeared on the threshold— not at all as he had expected to see her — bewilderingly otherwise, indeed. She was loosely wrapped in a rich cash mere dressing-gown of pale lemon-colour, em broidered in a dead mellow tint, and wore slippers of the same hue. Her well-known cable of dark hair was partially coiled up in a mass at the back of her head and partly on her shoulder — the evident result of haste. He had held out his arms, but they had fallen again to his side ; for she had not come forward, remaining still in the opening of the doorway. Mere yellow skeleton that he was now, he felt the contrast between them, and thought his appearance distasteful to her. 'Tessie!' he said, huskily, 'can you forgive me for going away? Can't you — come to me? How do you get to be — like this r' 'It is too late!' said she, her voice being so hard that it echoed in the room, and her eye glit tering unnaturally. ' I did not think rightly of you — I did not see you as you were,' he continued to plead. ' I do now, dearest Tessie, mine !'.. ' Too late, too late !' she said, rapidly, and waving her hand in the impatience of a person whose tortures cause every instant to feel an hour. ' Don't come close to me, Angel ! No — you must not. Keep away!' ' But don't you love nie, my dear wife, because I have been so pulled down by illness ? You are not so fickle — I am come on purpose for you — my mother and father will wclcome you now.' ' Yes — O, yes, yes ! But I say, I say, it is too late!' she almost shrieked. She seemed like a frail phantom iu a dream, who tried to come near but could not. ' Don't you know all — don't you know it? Yet how do you come here if you do not know?' ' I inquired here and there, and I found the way.' 'I waited and waited for you,' she went on, her tones suddenly resuming their old pathos. ' But you did not come, and I wrote to you, and you did not come. He kept on saying you would never conic any more, and that I was a foolish woman. He was very kind to me, and mother, aud to all of us after father's death. He ? ' ?* I don't understand.' 'He hut? won me— to be friends with him.' Clare looked at her kesuly, then, gathering her meaning, flagged like oue plague-strickeu, and his glauee sank : it 'fell on her hauds, which, once rosy, were now white and delicate. She continued : ' 1 hate him, because he told me a lie — that you would not, come again. But— will . you go away, AugeJ, please, and never coiue any more.' They- stood fixed, their battled hearts looking out of their eyes with a joylessness pitiful to see.' ?Both seemed to implore something to shelter them from reality. j 'Ah — !it is my fault!' said Glare. Buthecould not get on. Speech was as inexpressive as silence. A few instants passed, and he found that Tess was goue. His face grew colder— and. more shrunken us he stood, concentrated ou the 'moment, aud a minute or two after he found himself in the street, walking along, he did not know whither. CHAPTEE XVI. Mrs. Brooks, the lady who was the householder at The Herons, and owner of all the handsome furniture, was not a woman of an unusually curious turn of mind. She was too deeply materialised, | poor woman, by her long and enforced bondage to that, arithmetical demon, Profit-and-Lbss, to retain much curiosity foritsown sake, and apart from pissiblc lodgers' pockets. Nevertheless, the visit of Angel Clare to her well -paying tenant., Mi?s D'Urberville, was sufficiently exceptional in point of time and manner to reanimate tbe feminine pro clivity which had stowed itself away as useless, save in its bearings on the letting trade. Tess had spoken to her husband from the door way, without entering the dining-room ; and Mrs. Brooks, who stood within the partly-closed door of her own aiting-room at the back of the passage, could hear fragments of the con vsrsition — if conversation it. could be called — between those two wretched souls. She heard Tess reaseend the stairs to the first floor, and the departure of Clare, and the closing of the front door behind him . Then 1 the door ot the room above was shut, and Mis. Brooks knew that Tees had re-entered her apartment. As. the young- lady was not fully dressed, Mrs. Brooks knew that she would not emerge again for some time. She accordingly ascended the stairs softly, and stood at the door of the first front room — a draw ing-room, connected with the room immediately behind it (which was a bedroom) by folding-doors in the common maimer. This part of the first flocr, containing Mrs. Brooks's best apartments, had been taken by the week for Miss D'Urberville by a cousin of the latter. The back room was now in silence : but from the drawing-room there came sounds. All that she could at first distinguish of them was one syllable, continually repeated iu a low tone of moaning, as if it came from a soul bound to some Ixionian wheel — ' Oh ! — oh ! — oh !' Then a silence, then a heavy sigh, and again — ' Oh ! — oh ! — oh ! ' The landlady looked through the keyhole. Only a small space of the room inside was visible, but within that space camc a corner of the breakfast table, which was already spread for the meal, and also a chair beside. Over the seat of the chair Tess's face was bowed, her posture being a kneel ing one in front of it : her hauds were clasped over her head, the skirts of her dressing-gown and the embroidery of her nightgown flowed upon the floor behiud her and upon the chair, and her stocking less feet, from which the slippers had fallen, pro truded upon tlie carpet. It was from her lips that came the murmur of unspeakable despair, in a tone which was a soliloquy rather than a narration, aud a dirge rather than a soliloquy. Mrs. Brooks could only catch a portion as she went on : — ' And then my dear, dear husband camc home to me .... and he had used his cruel per suasion upon me . ... he did not stop using it — no— lie did not stop ! My little sisters and brothers aud rnv mother's needs — they were the things he moved me by . . . ? aud he said my husband would never come back — never ; and taunted me, and said what a simpleton I was to expect him ? And at last I believed him ! . . . . And then Angel came back ! Now he is gone— gone ! A second time, and I have lost him now for ever ? and he will not love me the littlest bit ever any more — only hate me. . . . 0 yes, I have lost him now— again because of — tlie other'.'' In writing, with her head on the chair, she turned her face towards the door, and Mrs. Brooks c /uld see the pain upon it : and that her lips were bleeding from the clench of her teeth upon them, and that the long lashes of her closed eyes stuck in wet tags to her cheeks. She continued : ' And he is dying— he looks as if is dying . . . aud my sin will kill him and not me. ... 0, one has torn my life all to pieces . . . made me a victim, a caged bird. . . . My own true husband will never. ^ never — O, Heaven — I can't hear this — I cannot There was a sudden rustle ; she had sprung to her feet. Mrs. Brooks, thinking that the speaker was coming to rush out of the door, hastily re treated down the stairs. The door of the sitting-room was opened, aud Tess crossed to another apartment. Mrs. Brooks felt it unsafe to listen on the landing again, and en tered her own parlour below. Thepartof tliehouseto which Tessh ad g-one was that sometimes occupied by her cousin. Mr. D'Urberville ; but she could hear nothing- through, the floor, although she listened intently, and thereupon went to the kitchen to finish her interrupted breakfast. Coming up presently to the front room on the ground floor, she took^ up some sewing, waiting for one of her lodgers to ring, that she might take away the breakfast, which she meant to do herself, to discover what was the matter, if possible. Overhead, as she sat, she could now hear the floor -boards slightly creak, as if some oue were walking- about, and presently the move ment was explained by the rustle of garments against the banisters, the opening and the closing of the front door, and the form of Tess passing to tlie gate on her way into the street. She was fully dressed now in the walking-costume of a wellto do young lady, in which she had arrived, with the sjle addition that over her hat and black feather a veil was drawn. Mrs. Brooks went into the back room which was more especially her own apartment, aud continued her sewing there. The lady-lodger did not return, nor did the gentleman in the other part of the house, ring his bell. Mrs. Brooks pondered ou the delay, and on what probable relation the visitor who hid called so early stood to the lady upstairs. In reflecting 6he leant back in her chair. As she did so Her eyes glanced curiously over the calling till they were arrested by a spot in the middle of its white surfacc which she had never noticed there before. It was about the size of a wafer when slio first observed it, but it speedily grew as large as the palm of her hand, and then she could perceivc that it was red. The obloug wh'to ceiling, with this scarlet blot in the midst, bad the a.ppe'ir;ni---c of a. gigantic are of hearts, Mrs. Brooks had strange qualms of misgiving. She got upon the table, aud touched the spot, in the oeiliiig with her fingers. It was damp, aud she j fancied that it was a blood stain . Descending, from the table, she left the parlour, aud weut up stairs, intending to euter the room overhead, which was the chamber a t the back of her gentleman-tenant's room. But., nerveless woman as she had now lveconie, she could uot bring herself to attempt 'the Handle. She listened. The dead silence within was broken only by a regular beat. Drip, drip, drip ! Mrs. Brooks hastened down stairs, opened the front door, and ran into the street. A man shfc knew, one of the workmen employed at an adjoin-, ing villa, was passing by, and she begged him to come in and go up stairs with her : she feared something had happened loan occasional lodger of hers. The workman assented, aud followed her to the lauding. She opened the door of the sitting-room, and stood back for him to pass in, enteriug herself behind him. The room was empty ; the breakfast — a substantial repast of coffee, eggs, and cold ham — lay spread upon the table untouched, as when she had taken it up. She asked the man to go through into the adjoining room. He opened the door, entered a step or two, and came back almost instantly, with a rigid face. ' My good ? ? , the gentleman in bed is dead ! I think he lias been. hurt, with the carving-knife — some blood has run. down upon the. floor !' The alarm was sjhu given, and tlie house which had lately been so quiet resounded with the tramp of many footsteps, a surgeon among the rest. The wound was small, but the point of the knife had touched the heart of the victim, who lay ou his back, pale, fixed, as if he hud scarcely moved after tho infliction of the blow. Iu a quarter of au hour the news that a gentleman, who was a temporary visitor to the town, had been slabbed in liis bed with a carving-knife spread through every street and villa of the popular watering-place. ( X'o be continual.} ? There were 1800 entries for the Crystal Palace Dog Show. The foreign section included the Chinese edible dog aud tlit hairier;- Mexican do,:. ' 