??? OHAPrEB XXVIII. -1 ? '/ Wo havo described in a previous chapter the entrance ot ihe two men into the little down-town hones whlob bad once been, a re ceiving crib. . ?..-.:.- i On tbe same night, at about eleven o'clock, the half-breed might havo been seen strolling along Drnitt Street. The fellow had juat left a notorious gam bling house, and was on hie way, aooording to appointment, to receive the balance ot the loan promised. * Jaok was a deaperate obaraoler, and as he walked along wicked thoughts wero passing through his mind,. . He remembered aome words aesd by the blonde ; , : . ? Ah, yes ; I am a few thousands ahead.' ' The half-bread knew, or had reason to suppose, tbat tbe blonde kept no banking account, and that more than likely he had tbe money on his, person, or in bia trunk, in his apartment. Upon this assumption, tho half-breed oon ocived the atrocious design to possess himself ot his friend's money, even at tbe cost of bis friend's life. ,,:??- -, :?? . .-?? ?-..- ? : , Jack prepared himself to act If an opportu nity presented, itaell, ', ' . .'.' ., ! ? Hang him 1' ho soliloquised, ? he's a bad one; and his -loss would be nothing to tba oountry.' ? * ' : ]'-:;''.!(! f Turnins down a certain strest, whioh Icada out of Druitt girect, tbo hall.breert mpved slowly nling until he arrived lu front bt, tba n it! a l'«,(li I'vti ! li li'l Ei« ID :-::.: 3-ll I ' 1 ««V. ? ?i.:.jiil5 3,-i:ii low two-story brick bouse whioh we have described, OM ?- ?This raiiBt bo Iho house, 'muttered Jack,and after |;lunoing uy aud down Iho «lr«et to sen that his movements woro not observed, he SBoended the few ateps leading to the front door, There waa neither boll-knob nor knooker, and tho half-breed was compelled lo use bit knuokles. Twlco ho knocked, when he heard a step ineido. and a voioo asked ; ' Who'e there !' ' ': ; ? Jack I' was the answer, Tuo door was oponed and Ihe blonde stood in the opening, - , ' Hallo, old boy I' said tho latter, ' T had tor, gotten all about your visit.' ? : ?Majrbeyou don't want to eee me,' said Jaok. ' ? ? ''???''' ?DidlBayao?' : : ?No.' ? '? ' -?'?:?? ; ; ? Well, oomo in, then, I only said I had forgotten about your coming ; but I am glad you aro here, aa I'm all alono, and will be for to- night, aa my friend is out ot town tor a tow days.' ll: . ? ' , Upon hearing tbe blonde say that he was aloue, Jaok felt a thrill go through bis heart, and thero was a strange, meaning glance in lili dark, fleroe oyea. : , Uo stepped across ,tho threshhold, little dreaming what horror was tu startle hia aoul and with a dark design In his heart horn of greed and treaotiery. ; '',''! i The blonde led the; way to tho rear room on tho aecond floor, f ? , ' . ; The apartment wai plainly tarnished, ' I . On the oenlro of the floor waa a plain deal tuhlo, upon which tho,blondo pinned a.eandl whiol he had carried in hie hand to tho dpo when admitting Jaok. . „'. , .' '. ' I The latter'a ejea flashed round the apart ment, taking tn everything at'li glanoo. ,' ' 1 1 waa hot auaplolon tbat prompted him to do. this. . . . ! His mind was too fully set upon hia own troaohoroua dcaigna to dream of treachery lowardnhirreoH,. ?'!'.' :. ? ' ! 'Take a seat,1 said the blonde, and as he spoke be reited himself at a tablo with hi' back to a mirror which depended from ceiling to flior, , .'.'.? There waa but one other chair in tbe room, and that oliair waa ao placed tbat its occu pant would bo forced to all lacing tho mir ror. - , ? ' '??.-' _, Tbo blonde was pleasant' and cheerful in his demeanor, und allowed a dlapotition to be very hofpitoble.' ',' ' . i'1 \ , This kindness, however,' did not for a mo merit cause thn least feeling rf. relenting in Jank's aavano heart. .' ' : I HIb Imagination had besomeflxed with the jdea of the thousands in oath the blonde waB supposed to havo upon his person, and this sum the rascal waa determined to 'nave at any cost, 1; I | 11 s aocepled the prcflered seat, and tbo two men Bat facu to face. , 'Siy, J«k, 'cried the blonde, after a few seconds' talk, ? 1 met a man to-day who says he known you.' . - The half-breed bad admitted to his oeem log. triand that be was not a planter, and that the character waa but an assumed one, and during their former tew weeks' inti macy tbe two mon had been in I he ll.ibJl dI addressing each other famit'liu!; an ' Jack ' and ' Tom.' When informed that tho blonde had met some one who know him, Jaok showed oon aidorable annoyance, nnd did not seem at all aoxloua to learn who tbo party was whom his friend Tom had met. ». 'From what this friend told me, continued tho blonde, ' you ought to bavo plenty ol ? Who in thunder is Ihe man who knows so muob about my business 7' 1 He is a man whom I hare met several times— a mysterious aurt ol chap— a Spani ard or Egyptian, tor all I know.' ! ? Jaok'a dark face anowed a shade of pallor aa bis memory reverted to the dark-faced man who bad held auoh a remarkablo interview with him upon an occasion fully described in our previous chapter*. ? Do you know anything about tbe man you are speaking ol 7' ' ?Only that he is a wonderfully smart gambler, and app»rs topiok up Information in a very strange manner ; in fact, I've beard it whispered Ihat he was in league with the devil ; and sometimes I have imag ined there was some truth in the report, be cause no one can find out anything about him, and he seems to know everything about everybody else.' ?He's a fraud,' cried Jack. ?Then you know him?' ' I suspect him.' ? What do you auapsct about him ?' ? It onh ooooarns myaolf.' ? Well, old pard, if you know anything of thii dark-faced man you ought to tell me, aa he ia pulling up a heavy ? raokel ' with 'A 'bagging 'racket?1 . ? ; 'Yea.1 ? . ? 1 ?Will you juet drop out?' , ,j i ? Not unleaa you give me very good tea The half-breed leaned over the table and aaid : ?!:-?' ? He's a ' cop,' and one ot tho smartest in the force; he's playing decoy on you and will have you ' hooked' with all Ihe doou mente dead against you I' j The blonde looked surprised., and, as our readers have already suspeoted the real cha racter ol the blondo, we will add that bis look of surprise was not assumed. rj This little incident revealed once- more what a cunning and observant fellow the half-breed really was. . . . ?I am glad you have told me,' said the blonde, adding, ? it he's a cop bo's got the dead wood on you, that's all.' - .- ' ; ?What do you mean?' aaked Jack. '.- ?Well, he gavo me to underatand that yon were mixed up in a serious bleeding arrange, ment I' The ball-breed's face became livid, ae he answered: ' ? ? I ? It's false I ita false I' As tbe Indian spoke be happened to look in the mirror before him and caught a sight of bis own blanched lace. ' The blondo uttered a low whistle, and re ? marked : : -' ? 'Youaay it's false, oh P' ' . : ' At this instant, instead ol replying, Jack started from his seat with a shriek. ? ' i His face was contorted with terror.and his oyeB glared, as though some fearful Bight had Suddenly rissn before his vision. : \- This was a tact. While tho half-breed had been staring in the glass, his own reflection had been crossed and supplanted by a figure which caused him to soring from his Boat and utter the shriek. . The figure wbioh be bad seen was that ot Harry Trendall. ; Tbe supposed murdered man wai dressed ust as be had been attired en tho fatal day when he was aaaaulted ; and what was more, ?bis faoo was like the .dead, while crimson streaks besmeared his clothes and ghastly features. The ghostly figure bad appeared but a mo* ment when it vanished. \- What ia the matter, old man ?' asked the blonde. ? You act as though you had seen a ghost.' Jack still stood paralysed with terror, gaz ing into the mirror. Tbe blonde aeemlngly turned and followed the glance ot his guest's eyes, when once more ho asked : ? What have you teen to cause you to look 10 like a dead man ?' 'Nothing,' answered Jaok. 'lam subject lo twitches in my heart, and I fell ono just then.' ?'?,-'''? 'Well, sit down ; I, want, to have a talk with you.' ' I cannot remain Jpng/^replled tbe half brood. ? I have made'an appointment to gel into a very big, thing. to-night, and it you will lit me have the hundred and fifty I will get away, -lihil tomorrow 1 will repay you. I luppnnn ihat will milt ynu well auougb.1 r ,, [-to U8 O2.xti!ii;iip] OH 11 