OH&PTBBXXVI.; "WW TESOHOFF. I BAU *00." Woald Heaven prosper it? That ni where Dav.nisio'j d ubtod. as he had good csusltb. : «i< iHrnp rniimail. witting Fortune and beauty wjaie "almost jritiup tfifl grasp. The power to lire «a became* Tavr o! England; the pleasure of compare the possession of a woman wbolove it .afigM be, .honored him. Ohj^*~^i • and yet how distant, ail theeeiK1^ s^ni®aA A* too ssnlnuteB^ibj^orie tAingram, whichhadm^b&T; been aelayea. Itreadtbns: ■ ™. , .. ; " Eeceived-«rOO* ineeflage. The ladies think-8* uBM. to remain in Jiivetpool, at the ^"Btrtleorge's House. Will come on the first tiain." «I might have kno wn theywouldn't come tearing into town «t such an hour,*' said Dnmueton, turning uncomfortably hot. .And Ee went and gave orders that the carriage should be pat up till afternoon., lbs. I»es-. lie was quite agreeable, eo she said; all ths better for her, ae.eheoouldgive her time to fhshrderingofidlnner. Meantime, Icoline and Lanra werem&king; the most of their brief stey-^not in sight seeing,bless ydn.no 1 but in dressing. Trunks were overhauled, finery brought out, and Laura's exquisite taste consulted and com manded. - « Well, rmdelighted I'VexoTairoed Isoline, asLaura shook ont the folds of a violet silk, shot with silver. "At what, prsy f" queried Laura. "To see you drop that eternal black for onto." ' - . * " Isn't that rather a strong expression f" asksd Laura, as. ihtent on the shade of a ribbon,she ransacked her store of finery.' "Ol comtea~'^~woma3rt ~-»re««-blaoy to-day. Esther all the colors of the rainbow—in honor of—of yonr ladyship's installation, •Ianral Ton know if I thonght you meant that l'i Tmlina,? threaten ingly. _ *• Don't think it then, my dear. There ars the men, hungry Us usual, and we not half dressed." * It waa the judge, with two other gentie* men, who were1 told, delicately, of course, to go about their business, and as that busi ness vw dating, they went with b clear con science. . ..... . 1" There, 1 am ready,* said Isoline, beam ingly. •'. But I am not," said Laura. Betidee Fm not the least bithungry. Go down with out me." . "I cant go down alone." "You must. I shall not probably go at all.' You have always a good appetite. Please don't wait for me." "Will you go down soon?" "Yes, veiy likely. Gone!" exolaimeh Laura, with clasped hands. "Thank Heaven foic a few moments in which to breathe free from espionage. She suspects^ me, and no wonder when I sot ao like an idiot. Oh that I had not been so foolhardy 1 Oh, thatlhad never come 1 What ehall I do, or eay, or think; If some one wonldoniymarry me oS-hand, or if I could slip awsy and not fear bong hunted for. I £eel[ like a coward. Twenty times I have acted my part, and twenty times I have felt that 1 should laiL What will he Bay ? How shall I look him in the lacs ? Oh, only for the power to hate himi bat I cannot—I cannot. That miser able feeling that there is bat one, only one in ill the world, and he beyond me, above me, and me forgotten. There, am I crying, and tears rain my eyes. I have wept so much of late. Let me see. He will meet ob and start. Oh, bow be will stare I I shall say gayly, * How do yon do. Lord Dunniston? I thought I would surprise yon.' No, but I shan't say it that lightly—not wish Ms eyes upon me. If imagination has power to move me ao, what will the real presence do? Bat stop 1 I'll not conjecture. 1 will have courage. Knee the ordeal mast be passed, IH brave it out or die." She paused in herquxck walk,an& looked in liaaoy. " 1 keep Hut apt1' -afro wnmngaa. "No FU put on a hint ol rouge. There I I do look well! Someway I feel as if I even eclipsed Isoline. Some one told me onoe that my face was like a pale radiance. I tear it will be pale enough at right of him, but not radiant. Exoitement will help me to-day, must help me. I feel myself trem bling from head to foot. And Isobne's steady eyes always upon me. She suspects met she thinks I have a secret. I can fimnnt read her thoughts. She knows we both love him; bnt I—I have the best right He has already asked me So many him. I Pt.»n faold him in my power. He snail marry me or he—be shall/never marry lso line." She held up her hand, her eyes still glit tering. "I swear be "hall never marry Isoline; TO confront Mm at the very altar with his crime, so help me Heaven, I will 1 Hark! is some one coming f" . She began hurriedly putting away boxes and rials, bnt it was only the maid who en tered, and Laura left the work ia her hands, when she went down'to dinner. So few young girls in European cities make their appearance at an hotel dinner table unac companied, that Isoline'e independent beat ing and etatdy beauty provoked general comment from gentlemen who set in little knots by tbemselvBs, reading and leisurely eating. But when Laura came in—her rib bons flattering, her cheeks brilliant, her hair all in a wavy mass of brown and gold—every paper was laid down, and a bass of admira tion went ronnd the room. "That's the nobbiest one I ever see," exclaimed a banker's clerk, as he set down his coSee untested, and had the terribly bad manners to look backward for another glanoe. " She's a stunner,'* observed the banker himself, who eat where he oonld see without taking the trouble to turn. And so comments passed. The judge complimented her in very flat tering terms, and one of the gentlemen, who had been long trying to pluok op conrage to express his admiration, of her, bnt could not, even under the most propitious circum stances, sat and blankly looked and blandly \-- i— n ii •* ^ . . • Isoline compressed" "ber Hps. ""She had" hitherto felt no fear of Laura as a rival,_ but what possessed the girl to look so beautiful? It was as if a flame were playing under the transparency of her skin ; as if a fire dazzled in her eyes; that strange, intangible atmos phere which ws call electric, had never before eeemed to permeate the attractive Polish girl. " WiU it keep, I wonder f" mattered Iso line to herself, " or will it die ont ? What object has she to gain by b11 this msneaaver ing ? for I am quite sure that she is trying to blind me—has been, in laet, fox some time." How'little she knew bow near to despera tion her rival—if rival she might be—was at tins moment! . The dinner being over, the party left the table. " Half-past nine," said Lanra, consulting hex watch. " What shall we do to paBS away the bonr?" " Tell some stories," said Isoline, watcMng her. " That is not my forte ; is it yours ?" said Laurp, looking np. But the eyes fell in stantly under the searching sorutiny of lso 6JSSe " No. Tell me some of yonr seorets," said Isoline. "I put some xongs on to-day," returned Lanra, trying to laugh. " That's no secret. I saw it." "Oh! Do yon think they did? yonr father and the rest!' and she clapped her bands to her cheeks, wbioh were burning red no#, -.. ■ . " i shouldn't wonder," replied Isoline, eodUy. «>^onpqse yon Mver om it '" queried ' „ . '/ Never 1'3wastheguietreply.: . ." Ah! bat yon are much better ^haa I am in every way!" said Laura, in & low, mock ing tone. ' "Confess your Bins, then,"Baid. iBoline, I b:l:eve you have some terrible secret upon your soul. 1 do, 1 do." " Don't be tragit!, iFa ; lease that to me," and Lanra tried to langh. • "I'mhot tragic,! teUthetrnth, end you know it." "Youaretrutb itself." • Don't banter.You onght not to be so secretive. Perhaps now I might be able to help you." . > " Too could—to a dose of poison." " You frightful girl ;"exclaimed leoline, " Aire you oot of yoormind?" .. "No.ohly suSering," replied Laura, reck " iteailly suffering?" . , "Yes, from indigestion, I bad toeat. But, oh, Moses! : what a dinner! Thai's one of your dear little lieutenant'e favorite "Ah, you langh and make lights! it, but 1 ton see that yon are suffering with some thing besides indigestion," "I a.m rather anxious as to what sort of a reoeption Iiord Danniston will, give me. Do you thiak that he will consider me a ghost at first eight! Why, if I had met him un expectedly I should have lost my reason perhaps." " I don't at all think' that lord Dannisron has so liltle balance of mind as to lose his. Was it altogether"for the toene, for the sur pried, fthht yon wanted to keep inoogJ" "Isoline, I will not allow yon to question me bo," "Because I'm troubled about yon. Yon don't act like an innocent woman.** laura sprang op. She wan very angry, and white as a sheet. "Yon are insolent!" she exclaimed. "Isoline Huntley, I will make yon repent that." "Bettor spoken than thought," said Iso line, sullenly. " It you will persist in mak ing people suspicious yon must take the benefit ol their fancies." "Do yoQ challenge me, then?" asked laura, fixing.upon Isoline a look so proud, yet so fail of meaning, that the girl cowered ooder it. "No, I don't challenge you. I dare say your secret, whatever it is, has nothing to do with me, bnt I hate to feel every moment on the point of a quarrel." " I'll never quarrel unless yon provoke me loo far," murmured laura. "I do wishl had not corns, if you care to know that; but now that I am here I will play the play out." " laura. yon told me once—it was e fiotion you know—that Lord Dunnieton made love to yon." " Don't go over all that ground again," said laura, wearily. " That he asked you to marry him. Well, in order to do that he must have confessed either that he ha-* forgotten me or that he loved you for yoBiself, and me for my money." How very close to the cruel truth die had come. " Well?" said laura, knitting her brows, darkly. " Laura, I do not believe that it was a fic tion—and n^ver have. I believe yon told God's truth." " As yon please," said Laura. " Is it the truth ?" " As you please, I said." " Laura Vescboff, 1 hate you 1" Witb such vehemence were these words hissed out that Laura sprang back and felt the blood leave her checks. " Confess that yon have hated me for a long time," she said, regaining her presence of mind. " I do." we left New York." And Laura bit terly. "I wish it had been; bnt I felt—ien that I wanted to triumph over you, and I will." "Oh! You wished to use me as a foil, did yon J" " And feeling, almost knowing, that for a time—only for a time—you supplanted me in his affections by your well-laid plans, I de determined to let yon see how easily I oould conquer yon." " True, yon have the money," said laura ooolly. Isoline was for a moment almost beside herself. She advanoed towards Lanra as if she would strike her, bnt. the ether stood her ground. " It is after this then open warfare," said Laura. "Yes, it is, and I repeat again that I hate yon!" " Very well. All this will only make easier what I have to do." " What yon have to do? What are yon scheming for all the time ? I see It in your artful eyes. You are wickeder than I thought. But do not consider me a helpless ohfld, com pletely at your mercy. I know how to de fend myself." " We both talk like braggarts," said Lanra, after, a brief qniet. " let ns at least pot on the semblance of friendship, since we are unavoidably thrown together. It wonld be better for both of naif yon had kept your temper. Yon have many weapons that I have not. I have only one; but now,believe me, I shall use that." Isoline trembled all over. Her passion was almost fury, Internally. She had never Leen thwarted in her life, and now to have this foreign girl, ibis upstart, turn upon her, was too much for human endurance—her en durance at leaBt. But the words " I have only ona weapon " haunted her, and she weald fun have begged to know what that one weapon was. Certainly something that lanra thonght most effeotnal. From that moment Laura's way seemed ever so much plainer. Neither the judge (who was obtuse) nor his friends fancied, as they sat In a first class carriage faoe to face, that there was any quarrel between the two girlB. They —-aroi-Bsly quiet as ever, as courte ously polite ; but under the cool composure of ooe smoldered deadly hate, while under that oT~niB-%.,w >■—-.j , m—-L whose heat was hourly mere and more in Tbe gentlemen were so enthusiastic over the wonderful scenery, so altogether new to them, the coiled strands of hedges gt'stening in the sun like the soaly backs of green ser pents, the rich vegetation, the painted leaves of the ivy growing so laxuriently everywhere, the farm houses, the peasants' cots the flowery vales, the green, richly-mossed lanes, the orchards, the mills, the churches, that they had no time to read the faoes of their lady friends. And even if they had—if one says you shall not read their faoe, yon cannot. The will is stronger -than a mask of iron. 