NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hot. Dusty. Theatre. Scorching. Cyclorama. North winds. "Silver King." Floods in the north. Where's that change? Real summer weather. Rain in the Birdsville district. Shipping Federation is stubborn. Civil war threatened in Hawaii. Argentine national debt to be funded. Commissioner of Crown Lands returned. France wants to put in a spoke in Egypt. Parnell is going on the stump in England. Canadian Government getting a majority. Belgians accused atrocities on the Congo. Yacht races at Holdfast Bay this afternoon. Extensive bush fires in the country districts. Goodbye to Collector Sanderson on March 30. Coast Steamship Company in a prosperous way. Frightful massacre of natives in Mada- gascar. Judge Boucaut goes on the northern circuit on the 18th. The Hawaiian Ministry won't be bossed into resigning. A change in the programme of the Bews memorial fund. The Pastoral Lands Commission will have a dry old journey. The Lictor fire extinguisher successfully tested last night. Wesleyan open-air service on the Rotunda Lawn-to-morrow. Labor will be strongly represented on the Labor Commission. Federal Council of Pastoralists meets in Brisbane on March 16. The Seamen's Mission not supportad as well as it might be by the public. Protestant clergymen imprisoned in Ireland for holding open air services. Lawn tennis on the Oval this afternoon championship double and single. The Reformatory lads had y quite a red letter day on Friday, thanks to the bishop. Annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Mission to be held in April. A thousand miles on camels will liven up the members of the Pastoral Commission. Adelaide v. Hindmarsh and Norwood v. South Adelaide on the Oval this afternoon. A dividend of 8 per cent. per annum for the shareholders of the Coast Steamship Company. Mr. Philip Mennell, the cable correspondent of The Advertiser, has been banqueted in Eng- land. The Bews memorial fund will first be devoted to the education of the children, between whom the principal will be divided at a certain age. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. Calm and Collected—a paid bill. Well Conducted People.—Members of a good orchestra. Her charms subdued him ere they wed, but now her tongue does so instead. History, it is said, repeats itself, but it is not every schoolboy who can repeat his history. The postman isn't much of an orator, perhaps, but he delivers a great many ad- dresses. Though a woman can keep a secret if she has to, she can't keep secret the fact that she has a secret to keep. Somehow or another the man who snores the loudest always seems to go to sleep the first in a Pullman car. Railways are like laundresses—they have ironed the whole country, and occasionally do a little mangling. A recent novel has this passage:—"And with both arms clasped tightly about her tender waist he stroked her hair fondly." Which is at once the easiest and hardest of cccupations?—The musician's; for he plays when he works, and works when he plays. Magistrate—"Were you prisint when the assault was committed on ye?" Witness— "May it plase the coort, I had jist got there." Brown—"What! You are going to marry that woman. She has no figure." Robinson— "Ah, but my dear boy, her father has." Brown—"You never know the worth of a wife until some great trouble befalls you." Merrit—"Yes, it's nice to lay the blame on her." Mr. Stump coming home drunk one slippery night said—"V-very singular, when water freezes, it allus freezes with the slippery side up." Briefless (a young lawyer)—"Well, I'll be hanged?" Old Legal Hand—"I wouldn't be surprised—that is, if you defended yourself." Pat having blistered his fingers in trying on a new pair of boots, exclaimed, "I shall never get them on at till until I wear them a day or two." Phyllis—"When I grow up I know what I shall do." Jack—"What, Phyllis?'' Phyllis —"I shall just keep a sweet-shop and not sell any." An Irishwoman, uninvited to a wake— "Well, well, I'll have a corpse of my own in my house some day, an' thin you'll see who'll be invited." The man who never made a mistake is a son of the woman who never gossiped, and of the man who never had the "best cure for rheu- matism you ever saw." "What time do you dine?" asked an un- married man of a married friend. "Well, when I was a bachelor, I dined at 7 always. Now I dine whenever dinner is ready." Irishman—"Notice the beautiful velvet sward in which our hills are clothed." Eng- lishman—"Huh! That's nothing. Many of our hills in the old country wear furze." Mamma (sternly)—"Don't you know that the great King Solomon said 'Spare the rod and spoil the child?' " Bobby-"Yes, but he didn't say that until he was growed." About Christmas time a little girl was told that she was naughty, and Santa Claus night not bring her a present." "Well," said she, "you need not say it so near the chimney." "Talk about man breaking his heart," said an old lady. "Well, perhaps he does, but its like a lobster breaking one of his claws— another sprouts out at once and grows in its place." Trawers—"You have actually sent a bill with my clothes! What insult! What infamy!" Tailor—''It was all our new bookkeeper's fault, sir. He got you mixed up with those who pay." A man who pretended to have seen a ghost was asked what the ghost said to him? "How should I understand," replied the narrator, "what he said? I am not skilled in any of the dead languages." "And don't you feel terribly the disgrace of being sent to prison?" asked the visitor. "No ma'am," returned the ex-tramp. "It ain't the disgrace o' bein' sent, but it's the work that's eatin' my heart away." "The public schools are a great benefit to public interests," said the thoughtful man to his neighbor. "Yes," was the reply, "they are. I don't know what the school-book pub- lishers would do without them." In days of old, so the chroniclers say, Maids helped their mothers in a household way. Now times have changed; the maid for culture wishes, And reads her book while mother cleans the dishes. She—"That was such a funny story you told me yesterday about a donkey, Mr. Grigge!" He—"Do you think so?'' She—"Yes, indeed! After this, whenever I see a donkey it will remind me of you!" The town crier of Mallow took in charge a lost child, and proceeded to hunt up its parents. On being asked by a lady what was the matter, he replied—"Here's an orphan child, ma'am, and I am trying to find its parents." Friend—"Your dog looks completely worn out; has he been on a hunting expedition?" Host—"Oh, no; he followed my wife on a shopping tour to-day. He's a young dog, and cannot stand more than 40 or 50 miles a day." Guarded:—"And have you sufficient means, young man, to support my daughter in com- fort?" asked old Mr. Cagelcourt. "Why yes; provided I'm not ruined by the expenses of a long engagement!" replied the young man. Butler once bullied and badgered Judge Sanger out of all patience, until at last the judge said—"What does the counsel think I am on the bench for?" Scratching his head, Butler replied—"Well, I confess your honor has got me there." An old and rather long-winded Scottish minister, on his way home from church one Sunday morning, accosted one of his parishioners with—"Well, Donald, how do you like my sairmon?" "In vairy small doses," returned the truthful Donald. Lady De Primrose:—"What do you think of the new duchess?" Mrs. Normandy—"Oh, she's a phonograph." Lady de Primrose—"I don't understand. What do you mean?" Mrs. Normandt—"Well, you see, she speaks without thinking." "Where are you going, my pretty maid?" "I'm going a-milking, sir," she said. "May I go with you, my pretty maid?'' " Why, certainly, as far as I'm concerned; I don't see no use o' havin' you hangin' round, but I guess you'll be company for the calf, sir," she said. Whenever you pay money demand a receipt, Whether buying your groceries, bread, flour, or meipt, Or anything else for your household to eipt, Or your clothes, or the boots that you wear on your feipt; For some evil tradesmen endeavor to cheipt By charging things twice—a device veary neipt, Although to the buyer by no means a treipt; The advice in my first line I therefore repeit. 