MELBOURNE NOTES. Rogers Undertakes to Stop/ 'Friday' \/ AND GETS STOPPED '.HIMSELF. 1'cukcs and Klijuli Jackson Malelicil. CRYSTAL PALACE DOINGS. -;.'? ?i'r- Other Erents Fending. Since my lafit the air has boon thick with challenges and counter challenges. All the bolicoso boxors appear anxious for glory, but then they want somo lucro us well, for in most insliuico.s a substantial purxo is a neces sary condition. A good number of the boys aro certainly ontilled to every encouragement, and they always got it whon thoy mako their uppcarauoo in the roped arena, but if thoy uou L milieu a uiuuuauiu umumj lmuj iimj take a back seat. It is a pleasure to be able to state thatauythiiigliko a 'crook ' has not boon known for a long time, as tho ' fra ternity ' have long since tumbled to the fact, ' no right, no money,' is nn established rulo in our public halls, and as long as that rulo is enforced there is no fear of a schloutor. Tlio Apollo 11 all. Tho announcement that Jim Rogers under took to stop Friday within eight rounds attracted a good uttondaneu to thu above hall on Saturday evening, both boxers being well known in the ring. A sVort time ago Friday and Rogers had a slight difference, and had an impromptu sot-to with tho ' raw uns,' but wore stopped. Tho latter there and then stated that he could and would stop Friday in eight rounds, hence Saturday night's encounter. Not only did Rogers fail to carry out bis part of the programme, but he cried ' quit ' himself iu the fourth round. The evening's eutcrlniuniout opened with a smart four rounds between Kallir anil Jim Woods, the latter having all tho best or the bout, and when they weru ordered to shake hands, hud his opponent almost dead to the world. Con, tho very latest aspirant to pugilistic distinction, next donned the gloves for a four cal'le'/the lndsfaeed'cueh other very Tvii'l'ingl'y! and at once commenced to fight iu real earnest. In the first round Yankee sent in a knock down blow, and in the second Con was scut clean through tho ropes, lie came up for the third as lively us a kitten, and was twice floored. Ho still would not be denied. He was- up like a cork and forced a rally, which ended in Yankee boing knocked down. The fourth round was very warmly contested, the lads being warmly applauded. Con is a promising youth, and is located at the proper quarter in which to obtain experience. A clever and no.it exhibition of club swing ing by Jaek Sexton completed the prelimi nary part of the programme. Fuiday and Rogers. On returning to tho hall after tho U3ual interval the audience were not kept waiting, as Friday immediately jumped through the ropes, attended by Torn Williams and Tom Tope ; ho was followed in a few moments by Rogers, who had with him Jim Church- anil IJIdcu. Whou the contestants divested them selves of their outer clothing it was apparent to all that Rogers was in far belter condition than his opponent ; he also had the advan tage in weight, height, and reach. Friday, however, looked fairly well and vory confident, and that goes a long way. Messrs. Virgoo and Sam Allen were selected as reforeo and timekeeper respectively, and tho men wore sent up for Eoundl.— On leaving liis corner Rogers walked strui'ht to bis mini, uuil drove the left for the mark, but Friday waltzed out of rcucli. Kobcm lollowoil him up, und missed several attempts with botli lmmls ; on getting, to close quarters it couple o( Hunt cicunugoa wero fallowed bj- a clinch, lirciibiiiij nw:ij- lingers again tried the lelr.iiiut iniss'ud und coi-|-cil n smart right oa the licud. Some slurp countering followed, lloirci'8 uleo mitting in a L-ooil riifbt ou the nbs. A few inoiiiiiiiU1 sparring und Friday hooked his opponent iu the ribs. Kogcrs uow tried to i-u^li his adversiiry, who always yot away iu' the easiest poHsiblc niaiiu'.T, aud litllti more execution w.ia doue till corners were called. Hound 2.— Coming up to the call of time Rogers, nftern littlo s;nrring. went to force his num. Hu let so loft uml right, but fuilcd to net home, l-'rirtiy- wns mow successful ; hu got in n splendid straight left,, stasgiiriw; itogci-i. l'nllon-:ng up this iMlvnntiuw Friday torccd a rally, which ended' in Roi'cm hciii;,' brought to tho boards. Ho no sooucr'l-iKUiiicl his feet thun they wureut itngaln, the rally 'ending iu a clinch. Ou braking away some smUTlug and feiutin- wus gouo through, after which Jto'.'cis koI. Hie loft, ou the body, Friday coiiuU-riin: Hush. Jiagers uguin gat left, 'uud right on, and received u triplet or lolls in return. Hound!).— Friday started the round with stop iilnitliisoiipoiiuiitiiitlioliL'iliiwsand a solid rwht on the side of the head, nud cnntiiiuinir to force, not homo another pair of liiBintiud. Uogei-s, who ;?.-.!-. fljlitina well, mixed thiiiv merrily iluriug a Oiort rally, but was steadied with nnotlier rhclit ou the cranium. Friday, wh.. mis seorin-,' mpidly, kept Inn man hard at it. »-me l- vli hands in Kood stylo. AHIimiirh :ii. this .--t^o lt.-i.vi-s1 task scorned a honcIcK one he st .nek to Uis man, aud had u lot the worst of the exuhuiigos dui-in-,- the rcnuiuder of tho round. Round I und last.— Doth moil came uji compara tively refreshed by their minute's rest. Iloircrs uiuiiuinvrud round trying to cornar Friday: he, however, did not wunl to keep awnv, so rushed to cloao miarU-rs, und iu the rally which ensued was floored. On coming up to the call of time he jabbad Uogurs with the loft, and dropped him with the i-Mit. Kowrs came up dazed, aud was im mediately floored ngulu by :i heavy right on tlio jaw. When the IO«cc hull expired ho paid no heed to the call of time, aud Friday wad cousiHiuuutly declared Rbmauks. Though Rogers failed to respond to the call of time, ho certainly was not knocked out. On coming up afterwards ho fitated that he did not hear Mr. Allen. Woll, if ho didn't, tho drum of his ear must have been seriotnly out of order. However this may be, he under took loo much, as ho did not have tho ghost of a show after the second round. When tho referee gave his decision, Friday expressed his readiness to box Rogers tlio host of uight rounds. J'cukus and Jackson. Next Saturday night Nipper Pcakos and Elijah Jackson incut in an oigiit rounds contest at tho Apollo Athletic Hall, when, should neither bo knocked out, the victory should bo awarded on points. Thu last time these liids met was at Adelaide, when, after a long fight, a draw was agreod to. Tho boxers being very popular, and the appearanco of either boing a certain sign of a good mill, there should bo a very large attendance of the patrons of tho sport. Sovoral other good boxers will appear during tho ovening. Crystal l'nlnco Doings. Thero was only a moderate attendance at tho abovo hall on Thursday ovoiiing, whou an eight-round contest was advertised to take nlace betweon F. Windobank and J. M'Ouiro, but, contrary to all expectations, and verv much to tho astonishment of thu nianagoiuen't and those present, M'Guircat tho last moment rofusod to box, giving us his reason that there , was not enough of money in it. Ho should havo thought of this before, and not put the QiriotoiH to the expenso of advertising, ng, -tc. In case ho shonld enter into any lnoro matches it would he well if ho remembered that the public of Melbourne will not pay their money to see a more novice, who is as yet almost a stranger iu the ring. In justice to Windo bank it should be ' stated that he, rather than disappoint those who woro present, offered ovory inducement to M'Ciuiro to fulfil' his contract and keep faith with tbo public, but without succosa. He will not be allowed in tho hair again, and servo him right. T.horo was a fight, however, and a good one whilo it lasted. Hogan and Mnlony, a local hid, faced each other for an eight-round bout, and the start, succeeded in stopping his adversary in four rounds. Messrs. Cullen and Dan llohir acted lis referee and timekeeper respectively. I,ynds:iy is not satisfied with his recent dofoat by Tully, and wants to fight him for fromi:10to.£25a8idu. Tully will accent if Lyndsay can como to within 51b of his (fully's) weight. Owen Sullivan and Denny aro working assiduously for their coming contest, and aro looking fit and wall. To use M'C'arty's word.-), Sullivati is as ' fit as a thoroughbred.' Jaek Gruhamo, Harry Pearce, anil Maurice Evans nro going on u trip to the Mount '/.ion Silver Fioldn, Tasmania. They are all first clatH men und should do well iu thu new mining centre. Jim Unrgo and Jiinmr Murphy havo re-, turned from IJroken Hill, both looking woll after their sojourn in thu silver city. No traces or lliuir recent fight appear on either until. Murphy is open to box the winner of the Denny-Hiixler match, which comos off on March 7. Negotiations for a match between llnrgo and M-Carty are boing carried' on, but ut the time of writing nothing definite has buou arranged. [By Wikk] Memiouunk, Tuesday Night. Tho amateur middlo-woight competition, for a 50-guiuua belt, commenced at tho Crvstal l'alaco on Monday ovening. In tliu first rounds Murdoch, Armstrong, M'lnorney and Hogan wero tho winners. Tho boxing was first-class for young amateurs, and I think from what I saw that the final will. rest between M'liieruoy and Murdoch j the com petition will be continued next, Monday, when there should bo a full house. Choynski arrived by the express to-dnv, and has taken up his quarters at the Wlnto Hart Ifotol. Your correspondent nud the athletic editor of tho Si'OitTKMAN met him at the station. Owing to pressing business Costollo was unable to meet him. Hu got a splendid reception. , 