PeUlIs.HiaD EvERY TUl?S.D- A 'll) FmIy". FRIDAY, FE'IRUARY 6 , 1 891. Tu blreitiling-up cerenliony lat the Lonegerenlong Argricultlurad College hlast F'ridaiy, which was reported in our issue of Tuesday, proved interesting in mluany respect,. Tile iepo'tsslhowed a gellelll iprol)lVillent allnd p'i'?ress as Iregardls stud?, thle conlduct of the hlds was referred to as ineriting high OtemnedhLation,' the- , e .perimentid"bl charmlecter of the institution, naa farm, Imust, as time prnceed.-, le ir inOire ndI! modr, vhhiuable flrit, ,iil there ?:ere sillne good lessons to blie learntt at the c1clusi?ol of iiotllhei tel'i. . i The presence ef the ieprlesentatives of tile Couneil of Agiliculturl Educatilon allnd the'.. advice given !to the studeints denionstr- te to thi. ltter thle 'friendly izitkert taken. in" thel, .Iionrs 'iil ningRress; lafstly, tile ;;ccsioil ilbeng t keln advantage of; byr the staff and student. to makeProfessor WV.Baowvs 1 i esenttltiotio n i his liviig Lolgere Inong, showed ,the. existelnce-e-xcel lently expressed :illn. the' text of the address and speeche of 'gd'ld feelin, betwseen the priiliipl uid tihose ??uider' his c introl, whlich wais as credit adle to theln m s it mllust lai ie, bell, leiL sinig to? ProfesIi, Btio~s hilisellf. Recent Ministries halive in no respect gi'en proof of the solicitude taken iln the interests of agriculture mlnore thanill ii the calre exercisled and .ulliley e penled in obtaiiiiiig' the liest talellnt avuilable in1 thie inatter 'of educatihli. This iis Is eil shown bythel geistlenien retained as experts in the seve?al bbinclles .of tlldhe industry to:' dceliver lectires througlout the counitry ind ias iprilcipals of the agricultuirl colleges 'already estahblished. By what hi:s been done before and hiy the parmnises niule by the Secretarly of Agriculture, those intelrested in tlhe district institu tinlt lly renst aissured tlhat tlhe department will do their utlnist to secure the very best services available to Ireplace those rendered hy the prin cipal now leaving Longerenong. Ma\Ht ters have been put in train for good work to be done in tile future, uand there can be no doubt that the interests of agriculture generally, and especially in this district, will be greatly advanced by the out-door w,,rk practisedl and the object lessons pron virdedl in connection wvith the experi lmental farm. Occurring at the time the breaking-up did there may be some excuse for the farmers iho did not avail themselves of the invitation to visit tlhe college and --farm to see by personal inspection what had been done in the efforts to improve the nietlih(s of cultivating the soil and making the best use of its products, Still" tlhe small attendance which marked the event this time wihen. har esting claimed tle attention of many of the'furners in the district, has also been noticeable or other occisions. With considerable difficulty and ligiiii~t strong opposition the estab lislhment of a college :md experimental fairm was secured for this district, and it is hardly creditable to our settlers to find them showing so little interest in what cannot be regarded otherwise than as a most valuable institution es tablished in their midst. It is not for lackof being asked to visit their own property, for Professor BuowN~ never tired of inviting farmers to come and see whlat was being done on the experi mental farm.' Tn this lie wis plainly doing a duty, for it savors of hiding a light under a bushel to be carrying on Government experiments in farmaing. in the midst of a farmingn community and for the operations to be ieglected Anod the results ignored by those who pay tile cost and for whose Imnefit the work is being prosecuted and the insti tution established. 'Totake a few points illuided.to On I ridav " amon, the miany_ things tlhat farmers imay Clari A yi a visit would be the conditions favorable to the planting.of shelter trees and the varieties suitable to the different soils, the culture of orchard trees, which, with a little care return so satisfactory a Frofit, the manner in which .to use and not abuse the application of water to the land, the simplest and cheapest uietliods of building and filling silos, the care of stock, and a humired other matters which convey so much greater an effect on the mind when seen tlan whein only spoken of or read in books. Even supposing, for the sake of one illustration, that a'farier has made up his mind to eschew intense culture, to have nothing to do with the accessories of fanning, but to '* stick to wheat-growing" and wheat growing :alone; liere also the farm could teach the conservative, one groove cultivator what sorts of wheat were best adapted to varieties of soils, which were most prolific, which best calculated to resist rust, how best to prepare ground so that the utmost profit witl the greatest certainty attainable could be secured. In short, however experienced the farmer might be, the operations would be sure to teach himi somlething of the great object to be aimed at, viz., the securing of the largest returns with the smallest expenditure. With the professional and practical ability possessed by the staff at the college, it is easy to see that the value of such an object- lesson as the operna tions carried out at the experimental farml is very real, and farmers are wilfully shutting their eyes in not availing themselves of every ipportu nity to watclhprogress and study deve lopments in a subject so dear to their interests. Tt may be anticipated that with the growth of time, the LoTAngre nong institution will become better known to farmers who, it is to be hoped, will in the future show greater interest in its working and its ehfict on the priespectieorf tio d«itrliftl Two suppliements are issue. with this day 's'Time. OiU palge four to-;lay will ie fiunid a full repolrt of tilhe evidence given at the illqetlS on \Wedlnesdly on the Imdy of George Quilter who, ais reported in 'I'esday'~s issue, had l-en o rought in frm i Warrnek nsaieal for admission to the Hlorshrnl I-los plital, sufferilg from eoneiissiin of ithe baiini. He lappears to have been ii the Isar of O'l)ea's hotel at \VWarra;ckna heal on Saturday nighit andl to have heeli inal;ule to leave, leilg drunk, by tile litud lord.! Snlsequently lie ,aa foiled to have fallen inii or Ilnhe theverandtlali l ea i ts attended to, andl left hi ;a rtml ill the new portion of the lhotel to sleep otf his ioiul gence. Here lie was fiiindl in a very filthy state next day and suffering troin a seriols woudl at the hick of the hleadl. It was sllggested by Mr. Power, who aplpearel fir tO'l)ea,thatQuilter nlist lihave 1heel itagiagering almut during the night ald emay have sus taillel a worse fall tlhan the on tlhewas seen ti Ihave when ejected fro mi the hlitel. Deceasedl was well known in thle district as a ear penler and hadIl served his alpprenticeship to a firm ill Idlanrat. Tile jury boulght il an open verdict. \Wednestday's half-hlliay was mluarked by a fire in Fireirce-ostieet which, altholugh olnoitned to the small shop ii which it started, wsas exciting while it lasted. .Mr. 'Trholas Hill, watclhmaker, albnt two and ai half yaTrs at3go Iuitehsed asome liind frnni MIr. J. Gillies, immediately opposite the .Melchanie-i' Institute, and luIilt a small sleip thereon. A few monlthls ago Messrs. Wnllisi liros. illd Iilein, llinters, eoiniuiienciied busi ess unt the premises, and lthis was where the fire occtirrrd. 'Tlle plies was stackedl with paperhbugings, paint andl other ma terial,r: andl Mr. \lllis reckons that at the time of the fihe they hald aloult £lKl tworthlof material, which was all Ilte;troyed. TIh usual ignorance as to tile ius?e of. the fire exists. Mr.1. l.t allis, with a rcustosmer, lhad lIelt in the slop saispling snie piierhangings oily h]lf-ut hoir lireviiusly, ntl hail lickeid up the place ii letiving, it ieingthte eeln-eIy half-lillOi day. At. -t.0 p.t. as .1lr. 'dcLuclie, Pt.l.; wasr paissng the shil he ohservedil smoke issuing frmn tihe front aiud gave the -"thri. Tiee l11 wass rmig andl in a selort tiiie a large crowdihad lsseIiihled, iiil shortly afterwards the reels . were lroughllt on to -the: groondl; As. s iini as tthe waiter w:ai ttiedio itn the flanies were eaisly ex iinglishled ail "nll - dtilger;: lpsed Il but had tihre winid lten ilbwing the other.way tsiardls al?'asr. Htldler r ros.' stole lext door to the' smuth-L-insteadl of towanlrs the vacant "allottnicut, ni if thues ithtri Iui niot heuli lhiroiiintly P i iih e tlijsinloio, si e-ither beiavl teuieisenits wih ldhi~te easily cluglht. .s it s ias,,some littlo ilelly 5was raelsed Iy the dliffilculty of gettino at the plug huit onee ied thle s;ilter tcanie on :illwell luld the fire speedily put out by the ltbri?riili,-si under Liteittlalnt 1])-is;: : It ,iplirt tlhai t the liidinb sia fi i"rI) lyn ioiured ino thei (;i;im niterenliL|Uiono Co. Ifoer swhiotit .1es..R." Cl-irk Cii tre the local ageoto) butithatli the plit wias nllwhiel to rtn sot iilil)ieeom-. her./ Lait nilth i Mlr. Ifill askedl tlile sinit coiioipay to unditake the risk aiin on ii new pilicy unid teindered tie etitiinit iP thoii Ipremiu. Thie lol :gents dil not feel justilied iln ecepltiing tihe risk whithout refetelice to Ielliiurie lilil wirite to the head office suiliittiig the prnpostil hut a reply lhla not Iten teceiseli wliesi the fire oceurrell. 1lessr?. Wllis lros. ludl Ilenn were altogether uuinsiireld snll the loss will prove a seriious one to tlhem. We regret to record the death of Ir. iHenry Smuith an old resident of Horshatm, who sllMle 15 years ago eoilinueted a sue cesfuil satulllery business ill the town. IHe was otie tof the founders of the local lsge tof Oddlfelliws, Mlanceheter Unity, andil kept the ilstitution golig iwhen it sits ii its infancy and infused spirit inlo it h) hit energy and knowledge. IHe was a eral of the Wimmesr District of the or',ganiti and held the position of Past Pr"vinl Grand lMaster. For some years he i1 been in failing health and lhal been r'cei ing sick pay from the lodge. Hie dieI his residence, (Green Park, yeterilayn leaves a widow and family (iost of ''l are grown up) to mourn lis loss. The 1 i, eidge of Oddfellows intcml tonccorl their deceased brother a funeral naccorditig i th rites of their fellowship, at :1 p.mi. "to. It iiay lie of initerest to add that the L, Mr..Smitll joined the ThorsInh l,.lge i 18(17, whon it was part of tlhe ('astlel',i district. The ordinary monithly nieetinig f th IHorsialni liorough Council, will be hell ii Tuiesday evening next twhen the valhations will be received and tile estiliates tlir? dealt with. I The Minrton Racing Cinhl will holl thir anumal meeting next, Wcedusday tand llin day. The events of tile first day inelde the .Murto. Cup of i50 sovs., tile proceFli, colmmencing with the Ilnailiip IfunlIlehpi of 35 sors. Tle second day will strt itll the Second llandilcp Ifurle l :aee of J) sovs., anI on that day wsill | rin thie Manrina Halldicap of 40 .-t An excellent piogrnialnle las been cp. pared, and as the entries have fille well and tile mnnagemient i i iin good halnld, he prospects Of a' gooe meeting will, withth important ladjunct of gool weathIer, I, assured. We htice i-owe o n CtiC n**-r":... the Early Rose* potato, grownI by .1r. It. I-. laird in his garden at Hiorshaml. Th evidence of good quality shown Iy th appearance of the touer proves the taln. Iilities of the soil for growing this useful vegetable. Its suitability for the growthq fruit hardly requires confirnation, but it tlay be mentioned that of severl appli plucked promiscuously from the trees il Mr. T. Young's private garden, one weighd one pound, another three-quatters, asm others half a poundl each. The committee of tile lorslhnil Wirking Menl's College as recently intimated in the 'Time-, intend to make tile selection ofI Director for the institution, this week. ii tile three applicants left in for tile apposint. lment, M1r. )ay ias alreadly visited Illrhalin and seen the Inembers of coammittee, aIn Mr. Frazer, of Steiglitz, was to arrive Iy express this morning fiio the piurploseu personal interview. At tite Hoirsham Police Court yesteniayi tuan lnamted Itobiert Edllmindson was el;argea by Co'nstable Taylor nitli usinlg ha lal I. guatge. The presiding magistrate, Mr. A. Hocking, J.P., liued the defendanl t Cl ortc be imnprisoned for 48 ihours, and gave hiit L week in which to pay the linle. Tle preIpantions for tile iannual meeting the llorshanl Race Club aire going fotranl anlld from tile indications. there is likly to lie only one elementl of uncerliinity of sut. cess, vir, tile weather. The tmeeting will be heldl on the 17t l Stla llth ins. nd the hantdicaps will lie plilihed illn our next issue. Thle Bloaid of HIealth lhave circulathUel large numlber of posters in reference to the the duty of hoiselholders oil thle outlhrmk 4 typhoid fever, diphtheria, selt let fever or othlerl danerotus cotnlounicable disi e. A useful disinfectant is prescribed, vi;., "car. bolic saw-ldust" :at111 its 11oide of preplil;utiin is as fllows :--(:et lhlorinated littme (ehlorite of lime), the cheapest of the acttve disintfe. tutts, make a disinfecting liquid Ity allat ing uip two pounds of it with a gallon it water, anid make a diisinfecting powder lIy mixing two tablelspoonfils with half a pint of ,?sawdust. (tet alsoIa lirttle of isirllic acid,make ita li.ifectinig "soltiotu hy mixing one part of it witlh lwo-milrts of glycerine nuil tlien withliseventeen parts of wiater, atu Imake a iliedihfeeing powder by ixingsit teasplminfills of it with lalf a pint, if saw dust4 . The addition of glycerine imay * omitted. Harvesting openrtions have lately irevenr te:d any business being done by tithe lm! Farlers' Unlliol, It now tile lnuillllllitteelip. ilinteld itoiraw uli the text tif thei-fleelrale pIlatfottll will have tillle to devtre their at tention Io thle duty. Nlesns. (',on. Curran (plesident), \V. Meincke (of Dilllhtilda), I;. Boehyandl C. Nwmtal, have acldlingly armanged to holld a meeting at thle Alhiiin hotel, this evening, for thle purpose. The Ohservatory forecast is :--Vine atl andlll C)ool, with south alndl mllllth.eltlerl)y winds, tending to northelly, ani wranlerr weather. As anultllllleeel ill outr atulvertiinllg eOlidulni,. a public meeting will be Iheili in thie MteelC. nics' Institute on .Monday for thi plurpie of forming a birnhllof the Vietorian Alliance allt a Progress Comnmittee for fillt town of Hiforshnlll. The society is tO IR.n aI ,Imd and liberal basis, and the promoters invite tile co-operation of all interested inl the pro perity of the town. As it eontemplates for iting a ladies' enminittee, we tue reique.ol to tate that the sympathy and suppll't do tile fair sex is desired. Meetings will l. lheld werekly ur foitnilitllly, as may hle il cilled at tile puhlic meetinlg. The society it to be active, anid delates on sulbjects of lotl interest \will be helli thlrougholo t the year. At present 1?KI utelllerS liave lteln enrolliedl comprising inany of the leailing citizens 5o trile town. Thle unltnlal sohsciiption is .t, Ihlf of which is sent til Melbourne to pay for a copy of tle Victorian Alliance ti.wr, which is supplied to ucembers, the other half beitng utilised for the working of tihe Iclntch. At the meieting to lie held inOinilla tiolis will bie received for the poritiolls if iresaildet, vice- praidleit, secretary, asd treasurer. Mr. I.1 J. W\ilkinsott Ieieig ec retlry pro letI;. A list of tile applicatious to be hteltlr at tile mallee board to lie Iheldat Horslhalii a.in Wanrriknalieatl i the 17th lMarch ali thnre followilg dtays will be pnhlblhed in the *l' Times " next T'ues?'ay. Lieutelnait Clheslhire of tlie Himslaielt I-. tahcinent of .Victorian tangerl hitas receivel intrtuctiois fim, i heald . uiarters to wire thenumlitlefin Iei froIm Hiirshaiin wtl, at prel.xred to attend tile Easter eltcnipiiient ait I.tlnsL'arir . The llllte will plroeeed nts here on T lituiisy, l tli March,, and ill thie inltelnding to join the cullp shoulJ sind1 in their naiie.S ait iuce, so that the ilumber ef tlhe I oriiiisham onitingent may lie telegrapllsl on Monday nexti . 'Thle pay for the time the men are engaged on this.antittal duty will he 3.. per diem. . We nrc'reuresnted to intimate that a ticket tnimnereud ?2lSOt ini thle Austalian Natives' art uttitn of the li2(itli Jaimary, ruequirc.ii a" 'oWlnel. As it was sold illn H slirsaml and lha ilraili tllttleetit .lay tie wsrth the while mi purchatser of titckets to pity itenCtion to tihe nintter. . . T The h'rst prize of £1.l)O in Ilte t;etlnng liMasonic A rt l hnin, drn v n -recently, t ' won hyrl). l:l)?Deu of.thiat town. Aiutlit the 71t' tickeits iold by Mr. ). M1. haird, the agenit for Hatitin, two plriazes were ltakei' viz. , I£2 Ipriz"e I~y .slr. Alex. M'IKelnzie, tnt: £1 l;y ".Mr. A. yrcvim, of Vctis last. SMr. I' iarkiuii hIoiig albolit to leave .'1in yi3p to enter into partneralip with Iit Ibl-t ther, lit IBrighlt, in the Nrtli-eastern dihtriet, a imeeting of his friends wait held at CarrillS Hotel on Mtoinllay' evening. There wa" a lauge atthrditiice of tlhe residents e' Milt'ip and surrounhtding district, ad it twas"'" r solved to iiresent hiit witl a testimonial. subscriptiop lists towaptts which will he open until .23rd inte ]Iteferring to the loveenllt the loCtd G(uardina sl)ays:-" 'tr.. Itirkal will lotve Minyip 'i th te first Cw-c in Marclrlt ti wu i re sue r iure hIis departure t ill lie geterally regretted, as he! lhas inade hist of friends hiy lis genial and oblilging tlit position." l eierring to tle appronuing election of ilors for the newly-eonstituted Shire d onff tile local Hi:.s.tl reports that tendidates mentioned as likely to eon t the NoSrth Riding are lMessrs. Phlillips, tel] Smilh, Tsrrant, and Mliloorne. r lthie L?~st Riding, MIessrs. fletralnd, -r and J. CrC g; and for the South ato leam'rs.Cox,1'Cooke nid R..Johnlson rill ?pl?tlly seek thle sutti ges of the rate oiye As the lile before the election is l Dsffairs may Ie expectLed to take a ,decide1 frm this time next week. The Alsley Rhacing Clul ahlertise tile pro .rsmnae for their annal nmeetilng to e hehlI 1n larch 17. lThe events incldle the Apsley Ilstiui's of 15 nl a,, t'urdlle IlRace of 1U =sss., Maiden Vlate, Mlaiden Ilhlrlle ltace, aorcel Ifandiop andl a Poy Rtace. noi na;tioas for the first two races ihust Ihe with thle ?eretary, Mr. II. 1M sLntomery, by tlhe 5;lh iuso., weights till appear in tie "Tie?as" c.iiardl "areri, aol all horses niot oceitche,| by tile 1SthI Slorekh will Ihe liaible foracclieptaalce iistieus fppliti-si are Iheinhited tby thlesere talry tuithele(osucil "f Agricuiltulll Edlucation, up to llOs1 an J4th inst., froim clldlidates for the poitio. ,f P'rilcilpal ,f the Longetl enlg Arieulrltcl d ('allege, at a oalariy of £3:5 Iper annum, with leiard and residence. Appli cllts lluslt have a pracetial antld .eientifie kiiowledge of falrmaig and experincee in tile tmanagetment of a sCholstic instituttion. The Ihierce.Psole C~ilnedy Comlpaly ap IpearedI ill "Our Bo ys" too thin hoause in the 3lechlanics Hall on Wedln.esday e-ininig. Sa ctensllllg of the X.,Orth-\e?t?rnl Ver min Isis ar0, hleld at )iMluhsxla, .Ir. ahnIsIl farter was elected ehairmlana for thie etlls ing year. A hood board will lie hell at Edenhope, prilooldly on \Weluoesday the 2 th lnst. Aecollits await pliyment at tile Hiorshmllta ]receipt anl IPay Olffice for T'. Grace and Wareaeknaleal Vermit Board. IThle fillowing little mo.rcnxi, exstrntedl from thie Sydney Police (Court record is good as lshiwiu die catdor of the laccusLed and the lpr,,mpt Idecisionotf Stipendiartymagistrste Giles, who reiutpied the Iknehl :-J-lohn .1erritt was elarged with haring within his psi.eesiolt II fiwlsl slpposed to lhave lbeent stlent. Hii \Vrslhip:" Wlhere lid you get tlheul" ' risoIer ; " Foutd tluetl." His lorship: "Ithere ?" Prisoner: "At lalehewiek, laehlnd the Town Hfall." His \Vrarship: " lHao it in a yard"? IPrisoner S \es ." Ilis \ or .hip : "' Three itnt thls' harI olalr." There was tno fuling riound ,n iehelr aile. SNeither prisoner nor hlis iuldge wtisted lIoanuy words. Aecorliug to the lItamilton 'rJiouei, a rell-kowsr faititer, re-j]ling ill thie lPahnler itn disterict, Sew Zeala:d, has IeIen in the hali. of exprting lutter, the returns for lhicelh were ai.ything blit eatisfactory, for lie wrLs sllre estletlhing IIlltst ie wronlg. So t, eliar up tile miystery, hle ilacedl ill tile middle if the keg a cimall ilattle eonttainilng a tle asking tlhe buyer a;s a plersoal favor, to write aud tell him the price he paid for it. The anster to tie eonuutnulnicotioii Elis ju-t hiet roceivedl. ''Thle finder of thelottle states that he paid i hI per lntd fur the ultter, lwhile tile exporter otily received 14=. net. }to ' F'iilay a male chilt belttging to Wim. ?lelhti-h,,of Slpintg Hill, Oraige, aged 13 m rths weit into the ?oek yard. The Iothier mIissed theclhihl, wenlt ill search of t, antdl fiound it dead,thle result of strnulgula ia. It applairs, says the lishhe DWqemtch, ie chiil sore a hoo.d, ini toe cetre tf rhiclh waos a hole fur the ipurptse of \entilo Lon,. Thle elhilld io suppsedu to, have stepped ii a sapling, and fell forward, thle lhole ill lie h?td referredl to getting into the llt of le axle of ;o cart er:lose iy. Wlhet ftund olt So'clock, thie elhill tios suipenlhed frotu the slt deauld. Stlhat appalts to liave esen a fotl imurder Srelprtedl frotm ,Rakatmllloall Staltiotn, fawkels Itly. The head shepherd, .1fathe 'ii, SiL seeln lealding a hlorse lse to t ile oitt, anlld oo few Inllulte oiftrliards lie wos inudl lyinig oi the road l leelding front a "ound ill th i head. Ie died Ilufore ihe ,ll1 he carriedl indooris. As the hoIse "as kint'¢ li to be shy if gates andtl fences it ais surmisedl tlhat thie wsudi in the Iheadl "ao eut.sed by a kick. When its was ootitiued ]lv the police, however, a oecoull , iunli was dliasnoveredl, ail it t'Lail decided hat lIthl had beeni intlieted by a sharp ,'eat,,m. A man named ('harles (Chadwick, xlii lives in the neighlsrl.o l with a ,laori wife, rwas elholpintg iwoii elose-to wutre Slatle.umo was fouintl, but ditap lasrt.l at tillet, anil hits tnit bleell seen ile. ThIere n*-s no kltowli reasinrl why ('luhadwiek sholitl lhave attackeld .l.thelson, as hl: was aplartently oni g.l terms with im. ihadwiek was ia quiet, inotffensive ,uco, Itut is Sid to lhavie lbeent a little utrnuge loftlre tile stlpposld ilitrdler. As he lhaos not lwei fttund, it is helievedl that ihe lIetiheluo ii the hush where he hid himself. Thu hallarnh t folks aie noted for the ready tway il whiel they are alwrays prepared to lok their opinitits Isy " plaokitlg ldowr" the euren.t cuit of tle realti. A match has iltrteeri ii;aiae hietween two representative memllers fi thie liallarat Fire I'rigatde (lIey.hlsl) andi the illllaru.t City IBrigtlde (Iiughli) to settle who is the uest imanI in the folliwitg etnla:ptition, viz, run ten yardsn to reel, piick iup reel and run 90 yards writhl it. The aittcht eolaes. o lff ol tile 28th iast. anul lths take is £hfl). It is a letliar fact, aoys the Dttyleforl Ionsi, that in the hon. \'. E. SE;iabridge'a garlie, where the piereutial larkspur is gruiiiig, there arc itultituldes of locusots lyiig arud thile Ililllts dceadl, but ill the sm g telrden the Iouasts have strippeld the ihdin;ry lark.ulllr plant of every greent Ruhle. 1)ehuction- ihelpetennial lrksp ii .tu enemy ti thle locusts, the ordilary hlartplir tupplies thie insect with fnol. Thle rehlittitt of pstage na lettals to fholreign cutri.i to 2td all rtinld aippears UOttosuit France, and the Victorian Go vCrlllnelt lltrve thought it ineces.ary to eat eel tile regulation which tainIe into foirce on the first oltf last January. Except ias rebgards letters to thie Unitedi Kilgda--the postage on wlielh still remaitts at 2-.d--letters for sl foreigil eolttrie.s will haveto be staitlped ai they Itedl to Iet before lot .lalluaty lhst. hi ils hlpeel that the all roundl retlucedl post a'e maybe iaioay sgiln introutcedl after the postal tnsIrte to ie liell at Viettia it May sir 'alualile draoghlt horses lalonging to 1r. Williat C'Ioper, a selector at ierrigan. iS.\V1., ,ot at a load of Stntlin ot Wednes Olf silglt, aod all died frount the efliets of ea'til it . There appears to ie tionble brewingtin hailt (lie Utnitld itates is refereitce to tie "Ol54red" ituetithn, and the illfeeling lncetruote sld ofler killing lt of ittitm, Sire them out of the place. l let iollier i accident it a toat. latthe Ly.ch, blacksmithwasout shont t.ll Lke thuurst, near C(olllblrlnl, N. S. e n -oay When in getting Iis gsu lu ut'lue r the ileat of the lato, it went off higi.the astaotse weredischarged into his mna..re sustained a terrible wond li u t ouIawlr tos row hitlself to shore, where 1,ose li.,lh r h i shortlyftrwardls liedl fromt the if d llo shock to the systelll. look liuhliiay? larve eent procltillietl it 3i"iay mutt Sturday ututal itt ilttIpootyup ott 3londlay next. an oupuypn Thhe aiterpiflars are ldoing grett ldamaige . standttlnig crops in the lallarat district. (?'F tlihat a few dltys ago (wsrites the 'Otrir) were slooking splelidil are now tillly worth cutting Ihrolgh the Iraagesn f thtisas tlirttg. A deternllined case of .irnfoni;uet'r is re porteld frlni Adelaide. On Mlonlay a man amnlel ( Iharles Lowoenthal went to a day nursery ini Gillies street where his wife was employedl, anid fired five sllts" at her from a revolher. On ultllet wecnt into her neck, si ato ther into lher stomach and aa thirdl into her hlip. A alby rs. Lowenthtal wiias carryin wvs also stroc, the bih?let treaking its leg. Mrs. TLowolthall dit oni Tnesday nigllti the child is expected to recover. Her hurtsland lwhen arrestedl said notliog. He slais broight hiefore tilhe court Ild remanlded until thie I6th inst. A Victsria;ii cootabie d nit;ie i B?tlier, stationed at hIartmoor, near tlheSouthi Aus tralian larder, is in trouble as recirds the catlectinn of clstomsn duties. Detective Christie was sent ip to investigate and it is alleged that Rhtcher colfessedt to l him tlhat lie htd taken blriles frnls stock agents seoiding sheep, etc., acneross thle oharder, anod tlhat thle revenue haIld l'leei defri.tiuded of alout £150 hy his not properly claigingt for the stak actually crosrised. A peculiar case of higalmy wuas tried at thile Sydney Quarter Sessions on .1ilday.;' A wuoman iunamed Emlily Jager hli soine time ago bleei blefore a police rcourt for aigrancy nti di~chlargedi on proamisiig to nlarry a eie wItllo was presenlt in court and whon expresseld his willitnlgnes; to do so. The eeremolny was anOLrried iout, hlen it was dis covered thlat the womnul had heenpreviously married. At tile trial for liigauny it tran spired that JIager lhadil been narrieted the first title lwhen site wbs only 1.,: ?nd that hler hutslanld forced hlier to tlhe streets, andlived on the proceeds of lier ilutfmsy. :These exteitnating circuamstances Were talkeut into coisideratinn, anld she was only punislhedl iy Ieing iaprisonetuld until the rising of the coaurt. The ornnrrulsertt Es i bln relates thle story ,f a strange lliscovery whlleh wse nmade onl 'l'Tuesday, at a romantic noalk ill thie iciility of the Goaullurn River. A farmer namned Caiupbell, who resides at Palraimi, hles a housekeeper, aind her son, a ioy of tender years, was attrctleed to a care in pnrsuit of hien's eggs. While searlching the retreat lihe folnd at large saldl oil Iottle, ia whichl tlleie was a wooden ping. The bottle appeared to ie stulfid writll somie inaterial, insd ilpotn tile finler suhnlitting it to tile inspection of tdults, it wa-s diiscovered tlhat it containlld a ularge mniller of Ihank notes, vwhich hlad been ipushed tightly into their receptacle, tand owing lit datp, it is sopposed, had withl iimie ieen forned into a llky mnlass. The Imttle and its contents were brought into MIuswelllrolok, and placed inl the c;re of SIr. W. lHuinphris, of Messrs. W. Ciamplell andu Cu. That gentlelain, hy steamuing the mass (thle original portion was itioken ill two ili transit) was aile to separate seven halves of £5 Commnercial Ikunk notes, in a fairly goodl state of preservation, the printing andi nitbtlors being perfectly legible. The pulpy huiidles containi prolably lfifty notes iin all, ult it is imlpossible at present to tell their value. The find is splposedl to lhave ibeen ait plant of tile notorious Thlulnderblolt, who uis known to ilnhaiit the cave where tile tonlley was fioiund, aid the half-;lnste womlan wlho lived withl him ilavilgdied ili the cavern. The llmonlsy iiiiit have iieen lying iil tile care fur upwards of at qilarter oif a cetitry, nid tile matter is exciting consiileinble interest. The disease of pink eye, whbich has hItely cauted so inncll miortality namlogst horses in .ydnety, i. now u hating. At ine thne the Sydney Traimway and mtniillnus CO pallllyll liad fully ift( hItrses down, and in all 211 died. NSulheris of their m,nllilses hautdl tei hIe laid op fur whult of horses. About 41 other hlorse iproprlietors siiteredl in proaurtione, lut ill aninlals aire now recovering. Thle Itr.ussian overiniienit, lwhich pleulged itself tio a.shelme for founiiling aid slsidis illg to the extent oif £i.(0,000 a Kocl ilistitite it whlichl furthler researchels ighlt ei .nmile iiti the ietlliod of trestiment aldopted by lir. Koch fur tile cure of tuberealonis, is no" hlesitating ahout carrying out thle plaii, ii coolse.lltuence of tile mnsatisfatctory results ohtainel 1by the lylmphl. Professor Iardlen huer, of lIerliln, riepra Lqth lie hias treate.l 1I0 ciiisumnptive paitients during the past six weeks Iy Kochl's mititll. andii' faliad to efihc a single perfect cuellar. A mnilld cast of sticking up a station is reported flioni Strsathttieri, alout I40 miiles of liuniedin. Two imen called alt thle sttutilli asking for work.when tile only person ailout was tile wife of oneof tile alshephlerlds, lwho was acting as lhosekeeper. After fiaiing oilt tilii timie wllel thle men were expecteil they waitedl for tlhem, and lpres?tiltg re volvers nlal~relled the ilieii into the louise, whlere they fastened tlhem in it iedirooil, af ter getting the keys of their hoixes, etc. Tihe lhonsekeeper, lwho took the strangera i fithst for travelling phlotographers, on rtlizing their tnrue leracter, insisteld on gilng out to get some water, aid slipped awray for sais tance. Ahlrmetl by hlier absence the two rohhers took a singile barrelled guun, suind all the alninnuniiion they could lay their Ihsilds on. They tlhen forced tie station hands ito saddle a pair of horses, onl whllich they rode taray. They cealled at. ane accoannodaitii house, whither the lhousekeeper had gaoie for atsistance, aind demanu deli some bhramidy ),lut thie ownrer refuised them, atnd slhots? w'eire ex changed witholut takilng any; effekt. : Tle lhorses takei; retnurned to tile station tile fol lowing iday. S3 far tile police have failed to trace thle men. The attentioa of parents is'directedito the antnouunceltent ot thle adlvantagesof tile Hfilly Ghost College, Llllhirat. :: r Farniers aid others inuteresteti shaiilhl bear in iinill tile trial of thle Saidhiliz Mauilfltctu. ring CO'.s cnhllned wseilnwier tils afterinoin oni tile fanri of tlr .1. 1t. ,tidhlol.z, 'Almhy Pars, Phiphlio. A trihl of the .?liinro Htasvester will taike place ot the firim if Shr. .l H. (uest, l)imi Iiols rtad,; tto Iniles fromitoii sl?anii, on Tuteslday afternooni next. Farmnlera are ii in viteil to attend. Attentiont is.directed toan imlportant anlouncemeteist Iy Mlessrs. F. P. Stevens and Cil. in our ndvertising ohlumnls rtlelhe first subdivuisoni siale of the Lake Corrong int. Mlessls. ooung Bros.. notify a s?ile ilf fiteehol property andil an old estallished fancy gols andil sttilloiery lilsiness, to be hIeldl at .linyip ont Tuiinrsday eitet: W'e have elen reqtljliestedl to mll attentlin to anl imlportant sale of toana property to take place at R. Clark & Co's. sale rtllls to-nlorrow at 2.30 o'clock.- It eonslts of the allotmnent ot whichis erected ;tllie ib stantial Irick store, lately ii tihe occunpltion of .'Ir. 1'. I)nlnnlld, and tith!e aetiolneers noticipate keen enonmletitilln. At the ainle tillie and place wili ie olfteredl a large qiluian tity of householdl furniture. SIeessrs. Yolulg lhrs. desire to draw at tentionl to an ilnportnit stle lof gol ari cllitral tidi in the parish oa Longereiung, to be ilell at 19 o'clock on !tulrliday next. liThe property, wllichl is ownedi Iy MIr. Hugh hlcailn is high class laud, well itprvtecil, and situatel within elasy retcll of the I)itmen aind IJung Jlulg railway stations. InII our lidvertisiig crtllllnis .lr. Shaplanld, phlontgrapher, aIllllnnllllm s tlhat lie is prep?arel to varnlilsht un oiunt tilt rilllers the Ior~han 'imes rnip of the Slirets of \ IIIierL. IIndI II Arlpilles so that they nIuay lie better pri servedl for referlice.-AiiVT. 