THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. , [By WALTER BESANT.] London, August 1,1891. In the year 1837 a resolution passed the ( House of Commons, authorising the grant of .; £1,200 every year to be. expended in pensions | to persons distinguished in. literature, science, and art. As nothing' can be done' in this country ?without leaving the door opento a. job, there was. also a. clause including persons whom the sovereign might, think deserving, of honor.; Every year.since» the passing of this, resolution the Governments in succession have, taken, advantage of. this clause in- order to do'' a little jobbery. Neither Liberal nor Conservative has ever treated' the resolu tion fairly and honestly for what- it1 was meant, namely, the reward of; deserving : persona in literature, science, and art;. Year after year the same dismal tale is told of authors, and artists robbed of the little pensions ..allotted to* them 50: years ago. Every year there are foisted into the list ladies whose only \- nl<yT< is that) their husbands,, or fathers, or brothers,, or first- cousins were civil' servants or ; '. officers., The Society of Authors- had. a littles \- fight two years ago with. Mr. W. H. Smith. They sent, up a petition for ar:very distinguished) ? novelist, Mr. Smith's1 private sefcretary-M5f' ; course Mr. Smith, knew nothing; about., the matter-replied that' by' the- regulation® novelists,, except historical novelists, were: i not admitted. The society pointed out- that about 25 pec cent, .of the. pensioners were i novelists* and that; only, two were historical . novelists. The: society' further asked Mr. Gladstone'if he lmef« of these regulations. He ? replied thai he did not;- Then' the society ' pointed out to Mr, Wl H, Smith that, he must i have-made these regulations himself I :and asked to see them. He* or his private secretary, re- ; i fused, ta allow them, to be seen. Whereupon the society caused two or>three questions to» bs ashed in the* House, to- which Mr. W. H. '. Smith'was fain to- reply that there were no such regulations. What, private punishment j he administered to his private secretary is- not ? on records Hoc could the: society by any : ' means at its disposal find out.. . Now the list for the-year is out. I fear that ' r no one< will be patriotic enough to challenge it > in the House. But it is. a scandalous and a. . : shameful list.. The. grants > remember, was in ' tended. Jobbery apart,- for persons distbx- ? ' gufehea, in> literature, science,, and art. 3?if teen ' grants have been made, during the year; One l&dfy;: gets £100' a year because her father ; i- was in'the- Eoyal Artillery.. What right has f that fcwfy on. a Civil;Eat V Another. gjetaSSft , ' a yeas because her brother was- in tha ; army. Another - gets £45 a year bs ». cause her' husband' was iw the Civil! ser '? yice. Another because-.^ her husband \- , was a colonial governor !. Nine Sadies getpen | mons-beeausethen-husbands-weredistinguishea » ' in literature science,. and: art. Three'men for : literature and art. In other words, three out 1: of fifteen! fulfil the requirements, of the resotu: . tion. As for the widows of scholars, and - ' literary men, one would not mind their being r : put on to the liEt. . They am helpless^ and ; ' their husbands have never, probably, been in a position to save money; But the-four eases ! ' : have mentioned above are just flagrant viola \- tions of'therresolution. In private. life we call ; ' such things a"breach;o£ trust. . : I wonder if the terrible accident on the : "Manchester ShiprGfinal isthe firafcloss of life, on thatgreat pieeeof engineering. Every ? navvy knows very well that no big work can be ? completed! till somebody has- been killed over : r the job. This. is a very old and a veryohscure 5 swersfiitujaj it & perhapsr-buti I am. only a P humble member of -the Folk Lora Society > connected with thedd idea,of sacrificing a man, ' 1 woman, or child to > propitiate the' wrath of ' capricious or malignant-deities. Skeletons have ' > been discovered built up in church walls, 'and iti has been suggested that > thsy were ' killed with, this object,, and built around so ' thajb the dead' body should always remain in ' the! church. It is"a very widespread, as well aa ; i a, very ancienfi superstition.! wasoncawitness : : of a very remarkable manifesfcatiQa; of it*. . /Jhpre, was a railway bridge being' built over a broad and deep ravine; great tubes of iron ; : Were erected, which: Were- filled with concrete so sas to form pillars^ <jb wMdh. the girders , f were The mm who worked on. tha 1 bridge were Hindoo eoolies.. They lived with ' their wives- and families/ in> two camp3r one at 1 eitter end of thp'bridgei TJpt&tfetane; wfeeni ? tha bridge was' nearly completed no accident at: . all had happened. ? Then.Qn'.a. ceitaai;n#thV 1 a" panic seized $hQ liidiaii wiiBeajjsiu- tb& - " morning there was neither woman nor child found in. either camps ; they thought the time had come for some one to be killed, so that the ', bridge -might be finished* and they fled, taking 'their children with, thenu.'. Now. that, day, , very curiously, the first accident happened. A man on the top of one of tha tubes slipped and fell j ib was a height of about a hundred ? feet; he fell upon the stones at the bottom and dashed out his brains. Then the women ; and -children all came back. The sacrifice had. 1 been offered; the bridge was now ready to be ; . completed. ? . : .. ? - A very good ghost story-one of a clrarea yard and a phantom funeral-has been printed ' . . in the Liverpool Post, and copied in the,- Pail ' Mall Gazette,, where I saw it. ; in the Tiims ; i another supernatural, bit. occurs among: the i matter-of-fact telfignama in theodd®st way. Ito ; ' tells how one of the revGlutioTOiy fugibives m 1 . Chili was frozen,to death in the mountains; V how in his dying, moments he" spoke of .-seeing, , 1 his. brother also dying, and how it . .«?£» !dia- . covered that his brother, did actually die afc : ? that very moment, and in the 'maniierj seen i and described by the other; This makes t one inclined to draw, np the chairs closer f to the fire, and to tell' stories about), things I we have heand and things we have s^en. like the rest of. mankind I am extremely fcrad f of reading ghost? stories, except at twilight, ; morning 'as evening, when: ghosts abound aw fare. easily seen. My personal experience of l% spooks is not- much, but it. isr. perhaps, more . f than jFalls to the lot of most To Desure I have never insulted ghosts, or hurt their feelings by ' pretending to disbelieve them, Quite the ?' reverse; I have always , from childhood ; . (when Bogey lurked'fii every dark, place) been very much; afraid of . ghosts. There are times when, one is conscious,.somehow, of the.pre* . sence of unseen beings. I beg to sa^ that I am quite serious. These, times, with m& are. always at- twilight, as X have said. " above.. The first "figure" I ever, saw 1 was about 6 o'clock on an. evening W . September.. I had been writing up to. the last ' moment of davlight; it became to<j' dark' for me to see. any fonger and I knocked off; sis I ; turned from the window I became.aware that a !! female figure was in the room j, it made no sign,, but it- moved about, noiselessly; As I looked it : diBappeared. I was then, living as a bachelor . in chambers and. my outer door was closed/ . so that , nobody could, be. in the room ox-. cept myself.! 'Another experience,:and a isx " more singular, ana was this.- ! was travelling in Northumberland,.where everybody see-ghosts, and thinks it nothing out of the common1; . ifi is a country abounding in ghosts and ghost . stories. Thieday Ihad c^ientr in driving- over a wild and lonely moor , te a village situated in i the- midst of it-a village builti round the quadrangle of what had . been a raonasten?. There was the, old gate- left; .part, of the wall; the quiet village enclosed; by tl^e old wall; the convent chapel, now the, parish , citurch; therq were only two or three hundred people living here ; outside rati and babbled the .trout .stream with its high, bank covered ' with bushes and brambles and wild.' flowers. All round stretched' the moor. At the inn, '. where I foot some-tea.: or somethihgK: they I talked'to me about tie past;.the.place was '"filled with echoes of the pastwhispers and [ voices were.heiard at- night ;-.things, had been Been in; the bedrooms. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more won derful place. I drove'back and speiit the even : ing alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Atrne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least 300 years old. . All . this is introduction in order to BhoW. you why I the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the. middle of the night I woke sud . denly and sat up, startled. I found the room perfectly light;.the door which Ihadlooked flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stiff, cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I un derstood how beautiful was. the Queen Anne dress.. The ladies sitting.- down on chairs ' round the fire Cwhieh was now burning mer t rily), began, to talk, but I know not what I they said. Suddenhr-it shames ,me to con I fess .the, , thing-I was seized , with a | horrid terror. -I leaped from -the bed, I pulled bade the curtains, and pulled up I the blind; It was about. 3-in the morning, and . twilight. Then I turned to my visitors^ they I slowly faded away. The light slowly went out I of the room; the fire slowly burned low; the i figures slowly became faint;- they slowly ! vanished. Who were they? Well. You see j that I have seen things. But I have heard [ nothiflg. , Non communication has ever beep | made to me from the;other world at all, except j by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rub j bish through a medium, and I had to pay a [ pound for it. t -. That, you see, brings us to the only, weak ' point in the spiritualistic business. -The. evi ls dence of things seen is extremely dear-I i could match my own. experience by many I othe* tales of spectral sights-but the, evi dence of things heard is very ' v6ry '.Weak. For either the things hed,td turn out not ; to have been heard at all, dr. they ; are r such miserable weak twaddle. Every gonera tion foots out its little: prophet, _wha: heaj& things, arid gets revelations, and- performs i his Httle miraclesi. aijd getS' creduloussoftiea to ' believe bim. Every medium cari relata conver i E^orfs with the sjnrit of' Byron or- Miltonj or ; some other great juao# But iiod^ of Have ever got anything to eay at alii Now, if there were ever permitted-I am persuaded this never will be permitted-free exchange of speech between the world of flesh and the world of spirit, all curiosity would be set at rest, all | doubts dispelled;,, and all anxieties allayed, for i ever. And although I cannot escape from the | conviction that things not of the fleshly world ' .are sometimes s^en, I cannot, believe that any j supernatural visifents have ever been-enabled' to converse with, men or women. Also, it ia abundantly clear to me that, only men and; women of the nervous-temperament have ever seen anything. . . . There are times when: one becomes irritated' with, the poeteand the great men. off the- past*, because they-have said already what one-.feelss thati one.could say over again so very well with, adaptation to present circumstances: Take, for instance, Edgar Poe and his." Bellaj" why, at; this moment, when there is beginning an ; outcry from a patient, much-enduring,;. long suffering people about the_ clanging of the church bells, one feels that if it were nob foshiB. verses one eould really produce something scathing, satiric, epoch making; something,that would-for ever destroy, abolish, andpnb an end ' to the nuisance. Everybody who lives ina town knows the intolerable nuisance of the church. . bell. It is generally, to begin with, a horrible ; bell,' cracked, discordant, hideous, out of tune", : ear-splitting. The clergyman starts a little fad about 8 o'clook service. Nobody goes, except two or three girls. The early service . has positively nothing whatever to do with tha . life -of the people-absolutely nothing. It.is i not like the early mass1 in Spain, to which . everybody goes. It does not belong to' our ' daily life. It is/outside us. Yet thebelfc musfc ' be: rung for it-the discordant, ear-splitting ~bell. Why? It only serves to disturb the : .slumbers of a thousand people. They hear it, but they do. not get up to go to churcltbscansa that bell calls them. Theyhnperil their precious souls with bad language over the bell; it does treat harm to the day's work of all whom it has isturbed, because it spoils their sleepandupsets their temper and; injures their nerves, and it . callsito' church no- one, beeause-the two or three girls.. . wfca-attend would, go whether the bell, rang or.not. Oh! the .tintinnabulation, of the > bells. "What a world'of cursing and swearing / and shocking bad1 language its "melody fore tells J With a clinging and: & clanging; and a hammering an<T banging, and a "driving far away of sleep and dreams.. All for church and \- early prayers? what a mockery it seems! ' And we-see the; maidens three, who the con i "gregatiottbe* marching book in-hand,;demure, : meek the cling-clang.to endure;.book-in.hand and dowi&dropped;! eyes, and. the bell infernal . cries", send rasps and bangsand bawls; white the , sexton; tngs- auct hauls; Ohl! the' tintinnabu lation of.the .bells, what a world1 of shocking temper: its melody foretells £ Now if it had not been for Edgar Poe, all these fine rhymes ' would be my own. . " 