FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. ThextSilver King'' Company, hegded by that able and veteran actor, Mr. G. R. Ireland, and, pioneered by Messrs. Gerald and Dpff, will open at the Theatre Royal to-morrow everting. The "Silver King" is regarded as one of the finest plays of the Century, and it has always been most enthusiastically received5 when produced on the boards of the Royal. As for the Company Who are to be its exponents, Mr. Ireland had a reputation when Quiz was a boy just getting accustomed to trousers, and it has never deserted him. His acting as Wilfrid Denver is said to be powerful in the extreme, and he" is well supported by Miss Ireland, who takes the part of the injured wife. Mr. Stilling Duff is a son of Captain Duff, one of the pioneers of South/ Australia, and rhe Silver Age speaks of his Jaikes as being exceptionally good.* At Broken Hill the Company created quite a ./wore, and the business done was almost phenomenal, especially when the dullness of the share market is taken into consideration. At all events the managers are so satisfied with the results achieved that they meditate another attack on the Silver City at the termination of their Adelaide season. This looks like a successful run at the Theatre Royal here. Stacey's "Hans the Boatman" Com pany concluded a most successful season at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when " My Sweet heart " was presented for the last time. The performance was not so perfect as that of "Hans the \- Boatman." In the first place the pieces possess dangerous degrees of ' similarity, and where audiences are at all discriminating, as they always are in Adelaide, such a state of things is in most cases fatal. That it was not so with regard to Mr. Stacey's Com * pany must be attributed to the general excellence of the acting. Miss Madge Grey's cold shows no signs of im provement, and Quiz trusts this young lady will take care of herself, for she has all the requisites that contribute towards success in the line of business she has adopted. Her evident illness had a somewhat depressing effect upon the rest of the players, and even Mr. Staeey did not seem to sing with his usual expression. Miss Jessie Stacey, although lacking the physical develop ment for the part, made an admirable Mrs, Fleeter, and Mr. Edwin Camp bell is to be congratulated on an excellently rendered conception of the character of Dr. Oliver. Mr. Camp bell has a good stage presence and a fine speaking voice. On Wednesday and Thursday evenings, under the management of Mr. L. M. Tier, the company performed in the Port Ade laide Town Hall, when "biz." was reported to be Al. Mr. Tier con tributed some of the latest songs from London, and was greeted with up roarious applause. The Australian Panorama concluded a season at Garner's Rooms on Monday evening. Had the merits of the paint ings been better known the attendances would unquestionably have been much larger. The managers, however, need by no means despair, and in the country season on which they have just started they should meet with excellent results. -* * * The Cyclorama is not affected by that common managerial complaint, the non- walking of the ghost. Day by day, and night by night the public turn up as regularly as they visit their favorite sixpenny restaurant. Quiz has exhausted his encomiums over the exhibition. He only says " Go once, and you will go again." Country visitors make a bee line for the Cyclorama, so soon as they leave the Railway Station. *** f The many friends of Miss Jennie Opie, the well-known Kadina con tralto, will be glad to learn that steps are being taken to enable her* to complete her vocal education and training. It is her desire to proceed to Milan, or some other European School of Music, and there is little question that if she does so, f and practises with that assiduity that may be expected of her, she will take high rank among the sweet singers of the day. In order that Miss Opie may be enabled to gratify her very laudable ambition, it is proposed to give a preliminary concert in Adelaide on or about April i, when all the leading musicians of the city will take part, and it is hoped that substantial assis tance will then be rendered to the object in view. Miss Opie needs no other recommendation than that ^she is possessed of a remarkably good voice and that she is an Australian. * * Proprietor Pengelley, of the Terowie Enterprise, has been taken in by some travelling shows, and he now announces that he will in future accept no advertisement from touring com panies unless the money is put dowji. Now, brother Pengelley, you might have gone further, and have told us by whom you haye been victimised. Quiz has been had more than once, but he doesn't mean to be had again. ■& * * It was not perhaps? made sufficiently clear in last week's issue, but probably most people understood the allusion that popular Teddy Royce will play the part of Dr. Bill in the comedy of that name to be produced at the Theatre Royal at Easter. George Anson in this role scored an immense success. Mr. Wybert Reeve has gone on a flying visit to Melbourne. * * ¥r "The Middleman," which was at latest being produced at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, and in which Mr. Cartwright and Miss Olga Nethersole take the leading parts, is spoken of as an exceptionally strong piece. It is from the pen of H. A. Jones, who, with the (apocryphal^?) Hennah, M)te the " Silver King.'' Quiz hopes to haw an early oppor tunity of comparing the two pieces. God-bless-you-Cholly Warner is said to be getting ready for another swoop down on Australia. Not even that ^ioo per week (it surely must have been 100 shillings) can keep him from the land of the free, where he used to get the centre of the stage at all times, and where he was allowed to make his entrances with an idiotic cackle that would have made a laughing-jackass « m ? ^ die with envy. God bless you, Cholly. Come along. You are not worse than the typhoid baccilus, anyway. * * John L. Toole's parting words are said to have been " Good-bye, Aus tralia. It was a good buy. I ne'er shall strike such luck again." And Williamson, over in Melbourne, figuring up sheet after sheet must have heard the remark, for he mur mured, " Three hundred pounds a week for that mummy and his com pany. I don't speculate that way again." * * G. R. Sims complains that his portrait in the Review of Reviews displays too much hair. He thinks it looks as if it had been " petro leumed " too much. * Fanny Kemble (Mrs. Butler) is 82 and feeble. She lives with a daughter in Surrey (England). * * * Rubinstein's sight has become so affected that he thinks he must retire for ever. Smoking has done it. Henry Smart, of melodious memory, is supposed to have become in capacitated in the same way. Where fore, beware of cigarettes, young artists!—if you Want to live long wrestling with our complicated nota tion. 