YiTISSSilSE ESiiC&EAY.; In Sir William Macleay the country loses, if we can hardly say one of her most repre sentative, certainly one of her worthiest men. It would be well if we could say repre sentative, for there are few Australian public men of the present day who will leave behind them do fair and honourable a record. He wflB what he looked, every inch on him, in the tifue sense of that much^abustid word, a gentleman. No handeomei1 man in hio prime, nor braver uor manlier one, ever 1 oat in Parliament, when hamtoorae men both in iooko and conduct were somewhat commoner there than they are now, and for many years his stalwart form in the first seat of the ^cross-banchoo (his favourite neat) rnighfc^ fairly have been called one of the pillars of the House. As a opeaker he wao somewhat ahy — for oo big a man he had a Gmall voice and never affected _ any airs of: the orator — but could bs caustic and cutting enough on occasion. His faculty, indeed, was for saying naoty things to or about what he considered nasty people, and contemporary as he was during the greater part o£ hia career with the late Premier he was never without a subject. He had the thorough distrust disgust one mighfc rather term it — of that great man that was shared so fully by his friends Darvall, Dalley, and Eoru'ter. To him he was always the charlatan and the ' cad,' and liberal as the day, aa ho wao, to melting charity even in very doubtful cases, he always drew the line at Par-bee. Speak ing of two eminent political charac1 tere at the time, he once oaid to the present writer that the difference be tween them was that if the one came to his house he would look well after his cheque-book ; if the other, he would tell his butler to keep a sharp eye on the spoonc, and this sharp turn of speech wao abundantly at the service of any man who struck hie fine sense of human character as savouring of fraud or imposture. It would ill become a Catholic paper to omit here a reference to his services to the people of that faith, first in the sfcrong stand he made against the abolition of State aid to Denomi national education, and next in hio noble action in denouncing and defeating the iniquitous conduct of the then Colonial Secretary, Sir Henry Parkes, in connection with the miserable O'Farrell business, and the infamous ' Kiama Ghost.' One of the most memorable scenes ever witnessed in the House was when, on Parkes refusing to make public the dying confession of O'.Far rell to the effect that he was alone in his crime and his previous statements as to con federates were so much moonshine, on the pretence that ' in the disturbed state of the country it would be dangerous to the public safety,' Macleay produced a second copy which, he said, he (O'Farrell), 'knowing the man he had to deal with, had entrusted to ?& sale hand,' and read it to the astonished House, to the confusion of the wicked old schemer opposite him. The real con spiracy in that business was with Parkes and his wretched tools, and with his scorn of every thing false Macleay never rested till he had laid bare the whole plot and torn the mise rable fabric of fraud and falsehood to pieces. It io needless to say of such a man that his friendship wag firm and true, and his pri vate no less than his public virtues should long keep his memory green in a country where examples of such straight, undeviating truth and manliness are few and far between. 