Vhe Doctors shook tlieir Heads. " I would give b million dollars tor a stom ach," said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000; is a deal ot money,. but be wasnot able to buy the article even at' that price. Ur. Thomas Gaston, of No. 8, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near-Derby, is not so ricib as many, beinj; a gardener, but he was ready, enough togiveal! he had for one thing hehadn't got. Here is his story, and be shall tell It ,1n his lown nay. Mr. Ggskin goes on to eaj: " Up to eight yeari ago I had never loBt an boms' work through sickness. In Deoember, 1682, whilst living at Beeston, nearNotlingham, any appetite fell away, I bad dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste tn my month, which wonlJ fill wtth water and slime, the latter so thiak and Btiafey that I often bad to remove it with my - fingers. My cheat used to ' fill up' and my thr&t; used to ewell so I couldn't button mjr jhirf at tbe meek. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a rooking cough, and 'would cough .and strain till I bled at the nose, and tbe blood rushed out of inyears. I became exhausted and short of breathed had to call (he doctor, and was in. bed Avow six weeks. ' ... '! X then went as an out-patient to the Notv ?frg'h'w Hospital, and after attending there for, .ix months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my irienda said ItWasall tip with ma. For eight teen months I kept getting better, then worse, and At last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to D&rley; Abbey and my formra master gave me an indoor re commendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary,; P&rby.; Hound however, that all the beds in hospital were full, and I saw my club doctors and two doctors at Derby. The first one said, * You art in « galloping eomuaptioiu 'and mutt die; the other. ? doctor*, after sounding toy lungs and chest, told noildng, but thook their htadi. << Getting a trifle better my old master al lowed me to do "wliat little I could in his garden and grounds; and some dayslworked «little, and then wpuld be away for a few days. Things .went on Uke this until December, 1688, whea l caught cold, got very, short of breath, and broke down completely, : I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes M jnnoh as a teaonplul at once, and wot afraid to go ta tltep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the.white of my ejpe turned .yellow, and my eyes became bloodshot. Uy lips and month wen dry and patched and I often broke but into a cold sweat; My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I 'could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks.' ? ''' ' " I managed to gtt up for a few hours at a time, but wnsao weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards, Iwos'Slwttys tired and wwy, and sitting or'Jyiag, was never at esse tod got no real rist. ' Too weak to read I often .sat for hotnp looking at my hands nothing but skin and bone,-and was so nervoos I couldn'tbearthe least noise, andthechildren at play guite upset me. " Bie doctor kept on attending me, but he said,' I can So ytu no good ; I can only patch you up, Itcaute your turn* are Uteated. I then gave over taking htt medicine and tried every thing I could bear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that post 22s a bottle. But nothing did anjp good,and toy frienn who came to see me said,' Well, you tooq't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world. ' " Abbot (be middle of March, 1889, tt neigh bour n&moi; JosephTathatti, who works in the paper mills at Barley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, did you ever try Slather StiftVt Syrup V and told me how lie had been oured latter being in thegioBpitttl. He spoke Bo tnuch in praise ot thUmec lioine, t sent my vile to Derby and goy a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Viotoiisf Street. ' Alter the first dose I bad an evaooA-. Hon ett blttok as ink, and vomited. Then I tell aBleep and (felt rested when I awoke. Alter taking the medioine for three days my breathing Sot easier, my food kept down, ana in a lew aya more I was able to go oat forashort walk. By the end oi a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the im provement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I oominenopi wdrk at onoe, and have never lost a day's work since.' " Ot course my strength did not return all at onoe, bat after taking Seigel's Byrup tor six monthB I was as Btrong aa ever in my life and have oontinued so ever ainoe." In giving his consent to the publioation of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskfn requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Koetley, Head Gardner, Darley Abbey, who 1b acquainted with alt the faols alleged, Mr. Gaskin bas lived at Darley Abbey 22 years - and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from whioh he suffered,1 Not galloping consumption ccrttnnhj (as one of the tloclors thought), or he wojld have galloped into hit grave in lets than three months, instead of growing worse (or seven years. His complaint wob chronic Inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, {or which it is BO often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Bcigel's Syrup, was used, tbe disease yielded, asallthedise&seB; of the digestive tract do yield to that magni ficent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaakra on bis recovery, and commend tbe facta of bis case to all thinking people. 