[??] STORIES. THE [??] Saatch millionaire, seeing the [??] said : "What [??] the [??] [??] in you? You [??] [??]. A sexton at Kirkintilloch, being intoxicated fell asleep in a grave. When wakened by the bugle of a passing coach, he took it for the last trump, arose, and looking round, said : "Ech, a pair show for Kirkintilloch!" His local patriotism had expected a more pop- ulous assembly on this occasion. A Scot being shown Niagara, was asked if he had ever seen aught so beautiful and strange. He replied : "Weel, for bonny, I'll no say : but eh, man, for queer, I [??] saw a peacock wi' a wooden leg at Peebles." Here are some instances of oddities of expression. A Scotch publican was com- plaining of his servant maid. He said that she could never be fooled when wanted, ' She'll gang oot o' the house,' he said, ' twenty times for once she'll come in" . . . A countryman went to a menagerie to examine the wild beasts. Several gentle- men expressed the opinion that the orang- outang was a lower order of the human species. Hodge did not like this idea, and striding up to the gentlemen expressed his contempt for it in three words : " Pooh? he's no more of the human species than I be." . . . 'Mamma, is that a spoiled child?' asked a little boy, on seeing a negro baby for the first time, Julius Eichberg told this story to Ario Bates: "Our teacher of singing,' said he, " was at one time ill, and for a while I took charge of the vocal classes. One day, a lady, somewhat advanced in years. came to make arrangements for taking private lessons in singing. The results of my trying her voice were not particularly encouraging, and at the end of the second lesson I felt it my duty to tell her that her car did not seem to me to be true. She received the remark very coolly, and at the next lesson went on sing- ing aa badly as ever. " I am afraid, " I said to her, "that you can never learn to sing in tune.' 'Oh, it doesn't matter,' she returned. ' Doesn't matter ?' I asked, naturally rather surprised. ' I don't care anything about the music, 'was her explanation.' but my doctor said that singing would be the best thing for my dyspepsia, and so I decided to take lessons.' " A very poor actor in B — had played the part ot the Ghost in 'Hamlet.' for many years. Saphir, the German wit, seeing him, said : 'It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so that somebody else could take his part.' Hearing surprise ex- pressed because Rellstab made no sensation during his stay in Paris, Saphir remarked : ' That's perfectly natural ; he was travelling incognito under the name of Ralletab." A young poet once sent the humorist an ' Ode to Immortality,' requesting his opinion of it. Saphir returned the manuscript with the massage : ' This packet will never reach its address." "Three persons, " remarked the wit, " sleep soundly - a child, a corpse, and a night watchman." During his sojourn in X— — Saphir was frequently in the society of a well known theatrical manager whose dullness was notorious. ' How strange it is that my legs go to sleep every day !' he re- marked. " How can you wonder," returned Saphir ; they are always in your com- pany." The daughter ofan English banker his caused a great sensation by (literally " mating with a clown. " It certainly seems an anomalous thing to do, for banking and circus circles can be hardly said to touch. Years ago (says James Payn), I knew a gentleman who settled in the South, and became so popular in his neighborhood that even the " country families " condescended to visit him. They never could discover now he had made his money, but were satisfied by his solemn assurance that it was not in trade. Nothing could exceed the ordinary gravity of his demeanor, which, indeed, caused him to be placed in the Com- mission of the Peace ' but now and then, without any apparent provocation, he would burst into such a laugh as no one over heard before, except in one place. Where they could have heard it puzzled the country families for five and twenty years ; but at last he was betrayed, unconsciously by his own grandchild after a visit to a travelling circus. "Grandpa laughs like the clown !" Was there ever a man snatched from death who did not feel an inclination to gaze upon the place where he had been almost doomed? The influence of this strange but natural feeling is exhibited by a story told in Cock- burn's 'Circuit Journeys;' Many years ago, in Edinburgh, a man named Elliot was convicted of some capital offence, and sentenced to be hanged. Owing to a legal doubt he was pardoned a day or two before he was to have suffered. But another man, who was condemned to be executed on the same day, was not so fortunate. On the day of his execution a great crowd assembled into which, a gentleman strayed, and found himself so hemmed in that he sought refuge in a remote spot at the upper end of the Lawnmarket. While standing there he noticed a man come hurriedly to the spot, and in the greatest agitation, gaze upon the gibbet. Seeing the man's eyes strained to catch every movement of the condemned, the gentleman observed him closely. It was Elliot, the pardoned criminal, for he had seen the man upon his trial, and recognized him. The man seemed rivetted to the spot; with clenched hands and heaving bosom he stood, the picture of horror. The spectacle of the doom from which be had been snatched so fascinated him that he could not stir. 