BEAOHPORT. (From our own Correspondent.) Julv 2. Professor Bouatnard oondesoended to" pay Beaohport a visit (a rare conoeaaion now-a-daya from a " professional"), and grave his enter tainment in the Institute Hall on Tuesday evening, The attendance was not very largo even for Beaohport, but this was doubtless dun to the fact that most of the children were present at a performance in the afternoon-a "matinde"-so called on tho lucua a non (uccndo principle, beonuae it never takea place m the morning, The Professor's various feats of legerdemain were neatly accomplished, and excited great applause and laughter; while the blood-curdling appearance of the ghost produced a profound sensation, in whioh it would ba hard to aay whether mirth, tear, or hysteria predominated. During the performance an alarm of "fire" woa raised, and it was found that a portion of the premises owned and occupied by Mr. M. Gildera was on fire. The " conflagration " was. however, quickly extinguished, with no furtne* damage than the deatmotion of part1 of one end of the kitchen, uear the fireplace. I have not yot heard the cause of the outbreak, but if it had ooourred during the dry weather the building would probably have been burnt to the ground, as it is an old wooden structure, which, when not soaked with rain, would burn like matchwood. Trade in the shipping line is pretty , brisk agam just now. The Cyguet arrived yesterday with about 75 tone of inward cargo, and the Otwoy this afternoon with 70 tons, The former will have a full cargo of potatoes baok to Ade laide, and the steamer will probably take fully 200 lona of potatoes besides sundries, In other respects the township is very quiet and dull, ana the recent wet and gloomy weather makes it appear even mora stagnant than usual by keeping people indoors and put ting a stop to shooting, flailing, and other open air amusements. Next year will compl>!to the first een'ury of wool growing lu Australia, and in thnt time tlv export of wool h>»< reached, from llto snmllcs' bogiooioga, the enormous total of 1,200,000 bales, aq<1 is still inereaRing. Its money value la equal to £10,780,700 or £0 10|. per bad of thipopulfttiPHt 