Cries, etc. WHEN WE WERE BOYS. TO JOHN DIILOH—IN MEHOBY OP ANXIOUS YEIBS AND GLOEIOUS HOPES. CHAPTER THE THIRTY-FIRST. IN THE CHUECHYABD. MONSIGNOE M'GRTTDDEB was staggered. BY WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. He could swear he had heard singular noises in the churchyard outside his window. He was sitting later than usual, examining the plates attached to Miss Stokes' edition of the 'Notes on Irish Architecture,' in his old-fashioned chintz-covered armchair, in the room which was at once his study and bedroom at the back of the new cat-stone presbytery, looking out on the graveyard The antiquated arm-chair, with arms like lofty fortifications and cushions like fragments of a feather-bed, was the only article of furniture at all old- fashioned in the room. The Monsignor had found himself unable to sacrifice this relic of old simplicity, this ancient seat of homely comfort, to the more ambitious requirements of his new Italian dignities. His old friend in chintz survived amidst the brass-mounted bedstead, mirrored wardrobe, and polished birch appointments of the bedroom in the new presbytery, even as the worn, plain, old silver chalice, which was handed down from the Penal Days, was still to be seen among the gold and jewelled cups of the Emancipation times in the sacrarium. The rest of the room was equipped in a style of costliness, which wanted nothing bnt a woman's taste to make it elegant. A black and yellow Japanese foldingscreen gracefully marked the transition from the region of the bed to the region of the books. The bookcases were of splendid in gold-printed half-calf; the two regular library-chairs covered with stamped white leather; the fire was in the custody of brass dogs, in a dainty prison of glossy white and black tiles, and any indiscreet glow that escaped from it fell into the respectable arms of a fluffy white hearthrug, which suggested something of the animal life of the North Pole as well as just a suspicion of the want of animal heat appertaining to those latitudes as well. Please don't do the Monsignor the injustice of supposing that he lolled in all this luxury like an Epicurean philosopher. He found the old arm-chair the most luxurious article in the room—that and a few old books hidden in the basement of the bookihelves because of their shabby exteriors. He would have given up the presbytery for a cabin of thatch in the mountains, cheerfully, if the necessities of the Church had demanded it. But the Church did not demand it. The Church, on the contrary, demanded once more a position of splendour and power in the land, and demanded that he, as one of her empurpled captains, should prove himself equal to her more exalted fortunes by holding his head as high as his predecessors of the Penal Days had held theirs low. He accordingly built the cut-stone presbytery, as he placed the purple edging round his buttons, because the rubric so ordained; and he bought the birchwood wardrobe, as he contemplated himself in its glass panel, in his tasselled biretta and soutane, simply &s; portion of the statelier finery that beseemed the Church's new career. The Mongsignor applied himself again determinedly to the engravings. He examined with the genuine archaeological eye, which is (necessarily) rather that of the'stonemason than the enthusiast, the zigzag lacework tracery of a recessed doorway in King Cormac's Cathedral on the Bock of Cashel; but, before he had half-mastered the details of the pattern, the sound from the graveyard again struck his ear. He threw himself hack into the capacious feather-bed bosom ©f the arm-chair to consider what it was like. At one moment he thought it resembled a muffled cry, and at another it seemed to sound more like weird diabolical laughter. He lifted the green jalouBie of the window overlooking the graveyard and looked out The night Was pitch-dark. A. nipping wind was blowing the few last leaves of the elmtree outside against the window panes, and (a thing that struck the Monsignor more uncomfortably than the ghostly tapping of the leaves) was beating a sort of chattering tattoo between the illjointed sections of the window-frame. As his eyes came to forage more expertly in the darkness, the skeleton arms of the moaning elm-tree, and here tod there an indistinct gray blotch of ombstone with stiff plumes of cypress tanding over them like mourners, began o oome Out in gloomy silhouette, and then bright 1 light which caused him o abut back. H« had noticed that mysterious eye in the darkness more than once before during the last few nights. He pressed his face close to the glass again in order to fix its exact position. It looked a mere spot of light; but the surrounding gloom intensified its thin ray until it extended like a mystic, white shining sword across the graves. He was now certain it proceeded from the Tower which rose in the graveyard at the rear of the chapel, separated only by a stretch of grassy mounds and mouldering tombstones from the back windows of the presbytery. Monsignor M'Grudder was an ardent partisan by pen and deed in the never-ending wars as to the origin of the Irish Round Towers—those Irish Sphinxes, at whose base a thousand devastating invaders have swept by with fire and sword, and left them still lifting their graceful stone fingers silently to the sky, putting to the puzzled generations the conundrum, Who built them, how, or when, or why P—a type of the still greater mystery how the Irish race itself has survived all the salt tides that have ebbed and flowed over it, miserable age after age, and has kept its well-spring pure in the deep living heart ofitP The Monsignor was of the school that insists the Bound Towers were Christian belfries, built with an eye to serving as the strong box for the valuables of the adjoining churches in case of a raid by the freebooting Danes. In testimony of the faith that was in him, and in proof of the eligibility of such structures as bell- towers, he himself built a Round Tower at the rear of the chapel, in the upper chamber of which, pierced by four large opes towards the main points of the compass, he hung the bell. Opinions differed about Monsignor M'Grudder's Tower almost as much as about the ancient conundrums after which it was modelled—differed as to whether the architecture of the Round Tower was ever caricatured more abominably than by this lanky stone beehive; differed especially as to whether the structure was not more effectual in smothering the clangour of the bell than in publishing it. The monsignor, however, it is scarcely necessary to add, was as much pleased with his Tower and his bell as with his theory. It was at. once his strength and his weakness that whatever he, in his biretta and purple-edged buttons, believed to be right was in his eyes a dogma, wanting only the vote of an (Ecumenical Council to be de fide. ' A light in the Tower at such an hour! Oh, it must be Mrs. Lehane, the chapel-woman! Somebody's dead, perhaps, and she's arranging to have the funeral bell tolled to-morrow.' And he turned to the wavy stone tracery of King Comae's recessed doorway. But he could see nothing in the engraving but his own Tower, with the phosphorescent blade of light, like Death's sickle, glittering over the shuddering graves. He looked around the room, and found it chilly. In his zeal for the Church's speedy rehabilitation in the matter of presbyteries, the monsignor, being his own architect, had unfortunately hung the door of his room on the wrong side, and had, moreover, left the door- handle open to the seductions of any wanton winter wind that chose to I demoralise it; in addition to which the I fire-grate had to a large extent lost in warmth what it had gained in elegance ; so that at this moment almost as icy a blast was moaningabout the room as in 1 the graveyard. He stamped his foot two or three times with annoyance at finding that he felt nervous and uneasy. His wrought-iron frame had never been quite the same since the day his authority had been flouted to his face on his own altar. Though he followed up his anathemas against the secret society with unflinching vigour in sermon and confessional, he had an uneasy consciousness that the young men were not afraid of him—that his diatribes only made the reckless more reckless, and that the remainder quietly listened to him within the church doors, and went their own ways the moment they crossed the threshold. To a priest conscientiously alive to his responsibility for the eternal salvation of all these young souls, the failure of his authority was as saddening as it was astounding. He could not in his heart, nor even in his face or frame, conceal the effects of the blow which he—the haughty purpleman, who had rolled in cardinal's carriages to the houses of Roman princesses—had sustained from little Danny, the miller's lame man. Even at this moment he felt that it was little Danny, and not the churchyard sounds and chills, that was unnerving him. While he lay back in his arm-chair irresolute, a continued low, wailing croon was heard from the darkness. This time the sound was unmistakable. It was still going on, in a muffled cadence, and the cry, dirge, diabolical chorus, or whatever it might be, proceeded beyond doubt from the graveyard. Monsignor M'Grudder sprang to his feet. Still ICSB was he a coward. He did not believe there was question of anything supernatural, and he was not afraid of anything human. The next minute he was in the open air, unfastening the wicket into the graveyard, his gold-knobbed oak cudgel grasped in bis left hand. The graveyard looked deadly dark. 'For the first few moments ho could distinguish nothing but the spectral cypress sentinels over the tombs, and hear nothing but the dismal w—u—u—h of the wind through the trees. His feet stumbled over a mound. He remembered it was the grave where the murdered bailiff, Quish, had been interred less than two weeks before. As to which, I must break through all the rules of art to narrate hie et nunc a circumstance that marked the burial. It was a lonesome affair, poor Quish's last earthly expedition—the most lonesome of all terrestrial sights—an Irish funeral avoided by the people. It was not that anybody specially disliked Quish, or that anybody was not horrified by his fate; but the mere whisper of his having suffered as an informer made the coffin exhale a certain nameless contagion that made people shrink from it as from the first unburied body in a mediaeval plague. Those who kept away from the funeral could not have explained in the least why they did so. Law is so often villainy in Ireland that the presumption is always in favour of a breach of it. When Monsignor M'Grudder said the last prayer over the coffin in a strain that made it sound like a stern exorcism of the murderers, the only mourners left were Harry Westropp and Ken Rohan (who took Harry's arm and who noticed Dawley's scowling eyes fixed on him as he walked behind the coffin) and Mr. Hans Harman, who seemed to take a more important part than the corpse in the ceremonial. Mr. Harman was giving the grave-digger some instruction in the use of his mattock, when Harry, who had barely tolerated the agent's proceedings until now, flew at him like a tiger with fiery eyeballs, and snatched the mattock out of his hand. ' Be off out of this !' he shouted, furiously. ' You've done enough already to put Quish in his grave. 'Twas you and your infernal attempts to bribe him to spy upon me that brought him where he is. There was better stuff in Quish than in a regiment of fellows like you. It's you, and not he, that 'twould be worth somebody's while chastising. Be off! I'll stand no more of your hypocritical grief, damn you! Leave the rest of this to me. Quish would sooner have one shovelful of earth thrown' on his coffin by me than if you were to raise a tombstone of gold over him. Be off, I tell you—this instant—or .' His terrible look and uplifted mattock told Hans Harman for the first time in his life what terror is. He grew as ashen pale as a corpse and staggered out of the graveyard; and Harry not only dropped shovelfuls of earth upon his dead friend's coffin, but wetted them with tears such as a National Funeral Procession does not always draw in Westminster Abbey. Poor Quish's happy super-earthly face would have been worth beholding at that moment. It was not of Quish's ghost, however, that Monsignor M'Grudder was thinking as he fumbled over the new-made grave. The confused muffled noises had reached his ear again. They proceeded as before from the direction of the Tower, which was at present screened from his view by some thick pyramids of yew-tree. He groped towards the path which he knew led directly to the door of the belfry. Just as he had found the path, a peremptory voice beside him called out: ' Who goes there ?' and at the same moment he saw the figure of a man emerge from between the yew-trees and stand full in front of him. ' Who are you, yourself, fellow P and what are you doing here at this time of night P' answered Monsignor, sturdily grasping his stick. 'Who are you P—Answer, or I'll fire!' cried the man,and Monsignor M'Grudder heard an ominous click and vaguely distinguished a gleaming barrel almost at his spectacles. He was now genuinely startled. The towering, impassive figure, the quick, deep words, the click of the hammer, and the glimmer of nickel were unmistakable. 'For heaven's sake, stop— I'm Monsignor M'Gradder!' he cried, with a sickening feeling of feebleness. ' Thank God you said it, your Reverence. Another moment, and you were a dead man!' The revolver-barrel disappeared from before Monsignor M'Grudder's spectacles. At the same moment he caught an indistinct glimpse of his interlocutor's face. 'Con Lehane!' exclaimed Monsignor M'Grudder. 'You ruffian, is it you that dare stop your priest and threaten to murder himP" The MonBignor's dread vu now changed into a wopd fuy, wd he whirled his great stick fiercely over the head of the man in front of him. •Take care of your stick, your Reverence,' whispered the huge fellow, quietly. ' This is no child's play. Ptu, it down!' ' You miserable man. do you dare to talk to me in language like that P' ' Put it down, I pay! There, don't raise your voice again, your Reverence. Now, you will have to go back into your house and give me your word that you will never breathe a syllable of this, or' said Con Lehane, in whose hand the revolver still gleamed, ' I will be obliged to keep your Reverence in custody and ask you to step over to the Tower.' It was not in the least physical terror that was agitating Monsignor M'Grudder. It was the self-same agony of shame and indignation that had convulsed him the day that little Danny flung the lie in his teeth on the altar. It was not himself, but the whole power of his order, the whole awful authority and dignity of the Church, that seemed to be thus baited and outraged. A great surge of passion rose to his brain. ' I will not give my word—I'll alarm the town—I will denounce you the world over. Ruffian!—murderer!—fire if you dare!' ' One word more, and as God is my judge, I will fire !' This time Monsignor M'Grudder felt the cold metal of the muzzle touching his forehead. In one lighting-flash of thought, he compared his own strong frame with the towering but not so burly figure before him, and thought that at the most he would be dying in a sacred cause; then that horror of death, which often haunts those who oftenest weigh the eternal issues that depend on it, came over him, with the thought of the immeasurable calamities for religion that might follow such a tragic scandal —all in one flash of consciousness. The next moment he said meekly, almost entreatingly: ' Con Lehane, you were once a good Catholic boy. Go, in God's name, and do no worse than you have done.' ' I am on duty, your Reverence. There may be life depending on it— more valuable life than mine. Give me your promise, quick.' • And, if I don't, you will detain me by force—me, your own priest—and you will kill me if I resist?' ' I will!' said Con Lehane, in a deep, solemn voice. In the darkness the huge globules of icy perspiration tumbling down his forehead were not visible. The grim revolver- barrel was. ' Come, your Reverence, lose no more time. Do you promise, or do you not P' ' I promise,' said Monsignor M'Grudder, turning back towards the Presbytery, like an unsubdued prisoner staggering from the hands of the torturer. ' May God forgive you!' 'Amen, your Reverence!—and forgive you!—Ireland has enemies enough without you,' said Con Lehane, putting the revolver in his breast pocket, and turning towards the Tower. (To be continued.) 