ANGLO-COLONIAL NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON. August 14, 1891. The reception committee of the International Health Congress, which is sitting in London this week, were hardly prepared for the deluge of delegates, doctors and "faddists," who bore down upon the library of the University of London, in Burlington Gardens, on Monday niorniug last. The visitors, who were expected in tens, twenties, and fifties, rolled np literally in hundreds, and from all quarteraof the globe. Long before noon every single programme liad been exhausted, and the perspiring clerks at the ticket - offices had made out all the orders at their distiosal for (palace?, hos pitals, workhouses, and gaols. Sir Spenser Wells and his colleagues pacified their dis appointed guests as best they could, shaking bands- desperately, and assuring all and sundry that tilings would be shipshape in a few hours. The inaugural meeting was fixed for 3.30 at§st. James's Hall, but commenced half an hour earlier, the floor and eallerics of the great building being full to overflowing at 2.45. Sir Douglas Gulton announced there were over 2,000 delegates present at this year's congress, not to mention "sisters, cousins, and aunts." The Prince of Wales arrived punctually, the conference rising to receive him. H.R.H. read his inaugural address from a small book in an admirably clear voice. lie remarked on the conipre-hensivcnc-sp of the subject to be dis cussed as showing how overwhelming were the dangers to health. As a member of the late Royal Commission his attention had been specially drawn to matters connected with the housing of the working classes. He was happy to say that much good resulted from the en quiry, though much yet remained tobedone. But while the heaviest penalties of insanitary con ditions fell on the poor, was there, he asked, any family which had not lost some member from diphtheria or typhoid ? If those diseases were declared preventable why were they not prevented * The questions before the congress did not, however, relate only to the prevention of death or serious disease, but to the mainte nance of the conditions in which the greatest working power might be sustained. On Monday evening Sir Andrew Clarke gave the tirst of a scries of dinners to the leading foreign and colonial delegates. On Tuesday the real business of the congress commenced, papers being read and listened to on such absorbing subjects as "A new pyogenic micro-organism" and "The ques tion of the identity of S. pyogenes with streptococcus." A lay reporter who fled from the discussion of the last- named problem in a delirious condition scarcely felt better when he found himself in a section where an angry debate was raging on " Bacterial diseases of the liver"* and "Ringworm in ele mentary schools/ Adjacent a bland bald head<-d Belgian described with an infinity of ghastly detail the loathsome condition of a Netherlands family who caught trichinosis through rating pork infested with parasites. Australia was to tho fore in the preventive ini-dic- ino section when Dr. .T. A. Thompson ex plained your quarantine regulations in a paper which provoked a whole morning's discussion. \>rl>atim reports arc not obtainable, but I understand the system was severely criticised, Surgeon- General Cunningham and others main taining there was no satisfactory evidence that quarantine' had been really effectual in check ing epidemic disease. - Several foreign doctors took part in the debate. In the "Chemistry and physics in relation to hygiene" section some intercstinc facts transpired concerning London f«>g;-, as for instance tliat the gas burnt in town tin a rich brown foggy day measure* 35,000,000 cubic feet and costs about £!,125. Baroness, Burdett Coutts entertained the delegates at a garden part}- at llollv Lodge in the afternoon, and in the evening there was a conversazione at the Guildhall. The colonial delegates were most of them present at both these functions. On Wednesday the principal papers read were "Diphtheriaand consumption,'* "The homes of the poor,'' "Poisonous foods," "Migration of labor," and " Europeans and (tropical high lands." Parties were given by Lord and Lady Wantage. Sir Edwin Saunders, and Dr. and Mrs. Campbell, and there was a reception for ladies, at AgnewV Gallery in Old Bond-street. The Royal College of Surgeons were also " At home." Dr. C. O. Dmmmond Morier is staying at the Saracen's Head, Snowhill, the hostelry which, it will be remembered, Mr. Squeers and Mr. and Mrs. .Tno. Browdie patronised on their visits to town. The present house is not, of course, the one !>ickens made famous, but a successor built on the same ground. Lovers of the works of the great novelist, whether American or Australian, generally find their way then- and U> the Grtat White House at Ipswich. Accounts from Eastbourne this week con cerning yonr Agent-General are rather more hopeful. At any rate Sir Arthur writes in a less depressed frame of mind. Lady Carrington and her children are at Cromer on a visit to Lord and Lady Hastings. In spite of rumors caused by cables from the Cape to the contrary Lord Carrington will re turn in September in time to receive Chief ,lusticc- Way for a valedictory visit. The Rev. B. C. Stephenson sails for Ade laide by the Victoria next Friday. Mr. and Mrs. Henniker-Heaton will also be on board this vessel. Mr. Ueaton was very much en rrirfoiT at Canterbury during the recent cricket week, and general regrets were ex pressed tliat he would not be present next month at the nnreiJing of the Marlowe memorial, of which he was one of the original promoters. The member for Canterbury has always been decidedly popular with the county and clerical sots. Chief .Tustice Way's lalwis last week did not «-onu- to an end with the Plymouth Conference. He and Mr. Bourne (who "will accompany his honor tw liU American pilgrimage) were the leading actor?at Milton Damercl on Saturday, when the foundation—tone of a new Bible Christian chajH^l was laid. The event was of more than usual imj?ortanct? in con.«equence of tho hi.-tori<\- associations of the village, William O'Bryan, the founder of the Bible Christian denomination, having preached his first ser mon in the neighborhood. This was in fact, with tho <>\contum of Shebbear, the most noted of the villages in Xorth Devon in which Bible Chrktianism sprang into existence in the year!ISIS. The President of the Conference <Mr. Bourne) rrojktsud "Chief .Tustice Way." He Niid Dr. \\\ ay liad received an enthusiastic welcome fmm all th.'ir friends during his vi^it to tlie mother country, and he was sure that wherever he went he would receive a welcome no less hearty than that which had already lx>en aceordtj him. It was with peculiar j>U«sure tliat they welcomed him to Milton, that place bring on<\- of great historic in tervst totheir denomination. If not exactly the birthplace of the body it was so very near it, and xo <-l«**ly connected with it, that it mightbe considered the spot from which the denomination arose. The groat eminence which tlieChief Justice liad attained in his own country, not only a.* a judge, but as the friend of learning and of philanthropic and religious movements, made it especially incumbent upon tlirm to give him a hearty welcome for his own take, for the sake of his father, and for the sake of those friends with whom he was associated in a far distant country. Dr. War, in ns|>ou.M-, thankod them for the cordiality with which they had accepted the u?a.-r, and remarked tliat the president's obser vations had touched several chords of his heart, which always responded to the hand of a skilful player upon that instrument. If he had had any success in life it was owing to the uoble example and the admirable lessons which were taught him in his youth by his honored father, and his equally honored and not less useful mother. His father's memory would ever be dear to him, aud it was always a bond of sympathy between him and any audience he might have the honor to ad dress to rind tliat his name was still re membered, that his labors were not forgotten, and that they joined in the same affectionate recollections with himself. It was also ex ceedingly gratifying to him to find that he was- welcomed there on one account as an Australian colonist. There was nothing that delighted an Australian colonist more than to know that his fellow-subjects on this side of the world recognised that he belonged to the same great nation, that they did not look upon him as a foreigner and stranger, because he had carried the iiame of England and, he hoped, the traditions of England to the other side of the world. Later the Rev. S. Pollard delivered an addles, and presented Dr. Way with a silver trowel. Dr. Way then laid a stone, declaring it to be " well and truly laid, iii the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tlit Holy Ghost." Mrs. Bourael aid the second stone. The Hon. S. J. Way placed a cheque for ten guineas on the stone he laid. Mr. F. W. Ward continues to prosecute his stud it* of English politicians and pressmen with unwearied euergv. He went down to Sheppf-rtoii the other a&y; and spent the best part of 12 hours cliattiug with Sir Charles Dilke. That omniscient personage at once knew who be was, and entered con anwrc into a discussion of the colonial questions of the hour. Conversation turning on the successes of the labor candidates in New South Wales and New Zealand, Sir Charles gave it as bis opiuion that labor candidates would be equally successful at the next general elections in .South Australia, Victoria, aud Queensland. The commissioners of the IS-~>l Exhibition announce that they will offer science scholar ships for competition in 1S!?2 at the Adelaide ana New Zealand universities. The announcement of the possible amalga mation of the Union Co. of New Zealand with several other coastal companies has (as those; who set the rumor afloat doubtless intended) put Mr. Huddert Parker and his colleagues in a rare flurry. A great many people took the paragraph to mean that Mr. Parker and the Vnion Co. liad come to terms, which of coin.-c is far from being fact. I applied for definite iuformation to the London office of the I'nicii Co., but found them blandly int-oui n.r.nicr.tive. On dit, Mr. Parker is finding thffl promoting of bis new venture far more diflicul* than he- expected. An extraordinary meeting of the share holders in the South Australian petroleum fields was held on Wednesday for the purpose of increasing the capital of the company. The chairman (Mr. B. Hills) explained that a pre vious meeting for the same purpose being con sidered by some informal it was thought wiser to convene another to confirm the resolutions passed thereat. He moved—"That the capital of the company be increased to £115,000 by the creation of 15,000 new shares of i'l each, to lie called priority shares, to which tho following special rights and privileges shall Ix? attached : — (it) The net profits of the company in each year shall, before any dividend is paid on the ordinary shares for the time beintj issued, be applied first in payment of a cumulative pre ferential dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum upon the amount paid up on such priority shares for the time being issued; the said net profits shall then be applied in pay ment of a dividend on the ordinary shares for the time being issued until such ordinary shares shall have received dividends at the rate of 10 per cent- per annum. Any sur plus net profit shall then bo divided equally, and one-half shall be distributed amongst the holders of the priority shares and the other half amongst the holders of the ordinary shares for the time being issued. ('/) Upon the winding up of the company the surplus assets of the company s^hall be applied (subject to the tenrs upon which any i.ssuo of preference shares may hereafter be made, first in pay ment of arrears (if any) of the aforesaid preferential dividend on the priority shares, and, subject thereto, in repayment to the holders of priority shares of the amonnts paid thereon respectively, and the residue (if any) shall be divided among the holders of the ordinary shares in porportion to the nominal amonntofthecapitalheldbythenT respectively." After considerable discussion it was decided that the number of the priority shares should be increased from the 15,000 mentioned in the resolution to 25,000 at £1 each. This sum it was pointed out would enable the company to acquire and work, not merely the Burmah property, but the 8\. A. petroleum fields as well. It was further resolved not to proceed with the allot ment of the increased capital till £10,000 had been subscribed. The faith of the bulk of the shareholders seemed to be centred rather in S.A. petroleum than in the Burmah property. The board hope, however, to sell the latter on highly profitable terms some day. A divorce suit in which a versatile gentleman named Swift, now believed to be living in South Australia, was respondent, came before Air. Justice Collins on Monday. The peti titioner, Mrs. Swift, is an Italian by birth, and her husband at the time of their marriage seemed to be doing well as an auctioneer and purveyor at Blackheath. Soon afteivrards, she stated, he took to drink and illtreated witness so that she left him and returned to her parents. Respondent then perambulated the country with a barrel organ, posing as a "mysterious nobleman," and pretending to collect money for charitable purposes. He was usually masked, and got it whispered about that he was really the "Marquis of Strafford," or "Captain De Vere Somerset," During this period resnondent lived with a girl named Quinton. Ultimately he saved a considerable sum of money, and the pair left for Australia. IV hen last heard of they were residing in one of die suburbs of Adelaide as man and wife. Evidence of gross cruelty and neglect having been duly tendered against Swift Justice Collins granted a decree nisi. On the same day Mr. Justice Chitty granted the urgent request of certain shareholders in the Foreign and Colonial Automatic Photo graph Company for compulsory liquidation. At the meeting of the West Australian Ex ploration CompanvonMondaylast the chairman (Mr. 1- J. Walfofd) announced that the silver mine which they had partially acquired from the Tasmanian Land and Exploration Com pany was, to use their engineer's expression, "turning up trumps." Capital had been found to work it on the joint account of both companies, and when next the board met the shareholders they hoped to be able to announce a dividend. Joseph Waterhouse, the defaulting accoun tant in the Sydney branch of the Commercial Bank of Australia, who was arrested at St. Paul's Station the other day, made his ap pearance at Bow-street on Monday, and was formally charged with embezzling £3,000. He will of cauzse be remanded back to New South Wales. Mr. W. Cooper, of Sydney, ran second to Flyaway in the Kempton Park International Breeders' Two-year-old Stakes on Tuesday with a chesnut colt called The Lover, by Charibert—Loversall. As Flyaway (by Galo pin—Rookery) conceded 16 Ib. and won cleverly by half a length the youngster must be far from first class. It started second 1 favorite at Bto2 in a field of seven; evens on Flyaway. Mr. Hans W. Irvine, of the Great Western vineyard, of Victoria, has been investigating the methods of the agents of the colonial vignerons and the possibilities of the trade. The latter he considers are enormous, though he frankly admit? that he finds the cheap wines of Algeria and Hungary far superior to what he expected. It was, I hear, considered a significant fact that at Mr. Irving's slipper party after the final performance at the Lyceum, the host de voted liimself almost entirely to Mr. R. L. Smythe, whom he pumped exhaustively as to the holding capacities of the chief Aus tralian theatres, the expenses of a tour, &c.; Mr. Irving professes not to be contemplating a visit to your part of the world, and it is probably true he would not care to risk it on bis own account. But Mr. Smythe has latterly made "pots of money," and if that experienced manager saw his way to making Mr. Irving an offer to run him, the great actor would probably consider it favorably. The Rev. Charles Clark ihas arrived home. Mr. Smythe went down to see him on Tuesday. It is reckoned that the popular lecturer's ex pedition had cleared him within a shilling of just £3,000. It seems extraordinary that Mr. Clark's reputation should be so purely colonial. Outside Bristol he is unknown in England. Mr. Rudyard Kipling will probably make the round voyage out and home in the Eaikoura, sailing next Friday, or the Doric, sailing Sep tember 5. He dislikes exceedingly being fussed over, and will be best pleased if he is permitted to *• gang his own gait' during his {stay in the colony. When he chooses Mr. Kipling is an incomparable talker and companion, spinning vans as "glibly and humorously as his own Mulvaney. Mr. Patchett Martin's numerous friends at your side wQI be glad to hear of the success of Literary Opinion under the new management. The first edition of the August number sold out in a few days. The Anglo-Colonial fea tures are of course specially well done. The cabled story concerning Mr. Bellew marrying Mrs. Brown-Potter proves to be as absolutely devoid of foundation as the state ment that the fair lady's husband had divorced her. Mrs. Brown-Potter is now in Pans staying with relatives, and Mr. Bellew is in London •• loafing around." It is said that the company lost their Australian profits in China. Mrs. George Edwardes arrived home from Australia on baturday last in capital health and spirits, having enjoyed her little jaunt immensely. It is a sign of the advance Haddon Chambers • has madb in the popular estimation that his photos are now to be found in all the celebrity monger?' windows hanging alongside those of "Tottie" Coffin, George R. Sims, Jean May, and George Alexander. This indeed is fame. The likeness was taken by Bassano, who makes your "Australian Shakespeare" look even younger and more sweetly guileless than he is in reality. Kb wonder the girls ask—"Can you tell me is that dear haudsome Mr. Chambers a married man.'' Mr. Frank Cornwall, th<\- successful litigant in the great case of Cornwall & Manaema v. McArthur, is, as Aucklanders and islander* well know, a man of strong character. With indomitable pluck and unwavering deter mination he has for ten long years been fight ing the wealthy firm of McArthurs through court after court to regain possession of con siderable landed property in Samoa, of which he maintains they wrongfully despoiled him. Ordinary men under the same circum stances would have long ago been crushed by the influence and the moral prestige of the McArthurs. The firm bear a justly-respected name throughout the colonies, and the possi bility that in this involved dispute they could be wrong and Cornwall right never entered most people's heads. Kortunatelv Cornwall was able to convince a few folk of the justice of his claim, and (by jjaying through the nose for it) to raise enough money to fight on and on and on. At last the case reached the final court of appeal, the Privy Council. Cornwall fame home last November for the hearing. It was called on nearly six months later, i.e., in July. Perhaps you think the lonely Xew Zealander found this ]X:riod of weary waiting intolerable. Not a bit of it. Mr. Cornwall cares little for company, but he is a man of many resources. Time can never hang heavy on his hands. Since he has been in England, forexample, he has learnt two sorts of shorthand (Pitman'sandtheSloane-Duployau) and heroine an expert telegraphloperator. He has also taken an interest in London labor and the London poor and explored all kinds of odd comers of the metropolis. Early in July, just as his appeal was about to be called, Cornwall suf fered a crushing blow. Mr. Bonipus, <J.C. t his leading counsel, who had been studying the case for months and had every point at his finger's end, was appointed commissioner of something or other and returned his brief. At the last moment Mr. Fullarton, Q.C., was briefed to lead and did his bests but that best was far from brilliant. Fortunately the junior, Mr. Hohler, was a rising man of great ability, and made matter* dear to then? lordships. Mr. Kapier, y.C, conducted McArthur's case with much judgment, but Cornwall scored on almost t-wry point. The court's decision lias not yet l-i+u given, but McArthurs have nevertheless taUeu a strong hiut from their lordship*, and delivered op possession of the lands. TII9 question of damages alone remains fc? be settled, and it is sincerely to be hoped it will be arranged without farther litigation. If the matter rested with the MeArthnrs stone this undoubtedly would be so. But Cornwall has now the whip hand, and one can scarcely wonder if he fights for his full pound of flesh. Arrangements are inprogress for tfoe No. 2, or alternative Gaity Company, with Arthur Roberts, Lonnen, and Florence St. John as ".stars, to visit the Antipodes early next year. Nothing, however, will be finally de cided till the Leslie Farren troupe return, and it is seen how the expedition now drawing to a close '•pans out" At the meeting of the Gaiety Theatre Company on Wednesday it transpired that the hard winter bad had a malign effect on this as on most other bouses. In the first two and a half months of the run of ■"Carmen up to Date" the company made a clear profit of £2,775. In April the houses suddenly fell with extra ordinary rapidity from £70 to £S0 a per formance. Wiry, the board could only specu late. There is some talk of reviving Bumand's burlesque of "Black Eyed Susan" at the Opera Comique for the English debut of that much talked-abont Australian prodigy, Miss Kellie Stewart. Mr. George Collins Levey is now engaged on the production of an Australasian Encyclo pedia. The work will include an alphabetical description of all places in the Australasian colonies, an account of the events which have taken place in Australia from its discovery down tUI to-day, its scenery, laws, constitu tions, and statistics. In the biographical sec tion of the encyclopaedia discoverers, ex plorers, officials, and notable colonists will be dealt with. Mr. James Shaw, ex-mayor of your city, gave a complimentary dinner at the Tavietock Hotel, Covent Garden, on August 10, to the officers of the Oroya and a number of South Australians now in London. Mr. Shaw arrived in England by the Oroya. An Indian paper describing "the Rajah of Chutneypore/' now being played at the Savoy, speaks eulogistically of the last work of " Lord Sullivan, Esqnire, nand presents some interesting particulars regarding the composer. Among other things it is mentioned that "his lord ship's talented eon, Mr. J. L. Sullivan, is now about to make an appearance on the Thespian boards in Australia/ and, farther, before he went on the stage " Mr. Sullivan was a some what remarkable broozer." Mr. B. S. Smythe, the Australian manager, has entered into a conteaet with Mr. Clifford Harrison, the well-known reciter, to give a series of elocutionary entertainments in Aus tralia and New Zealand. Mr. Smythe leaves London for Melbourne immediately, having engaged Mr. H. M. Stanley, Mr. Max O'ReU, and M. Paderewski, the celebrated Polish pianist. Sir. Henry Taylor, of South Australia, writes in Greater Britain on "Land and Labor, the Conflict in Australia." He replies to an article in tie same journal from the pen of Mr. H. B. T. Strangwags, an ex-Premier of your colony, on "The Decrease of Rural Populations." 