SOME CRAZY INVENTORS- Frank G. Carpentor, a contributor to the American CulliveUort furnishes that jonxui with the following article on crazy inventors I have spent the past week looking up the freaks of the Patent Office, at Washington Bide by side with the greatest inventions the age am classed the craaest-. offsprings at tbi human brain. To-day some mighty TOBlt patents an idea which lights the wCrld, and' to morrow some j jtea tic offers a plan- by whichall humanity eon lift themeelvee to heaven by tM boot- straps. - In- looking through the Bi&at; Office you axe surprised at the wisdom' foeiisiuiess of man's inteitost. The oner- fit otf great as the othfic, and from the fooHeh mmf of view it wboid seem that when an Idea' of A patent usepriato an inventor's house cmumq sense fites out of his window. The illuminated cat was granted ft patent It 1884, and it is a eat of pasteboard or tan for Set purpose of frightening rats or mice. Th»est&tr; to be made in a sitting posture, and it is padtriifl over with phosphorous so that it shines in tfifl dark like a cat of fire. Another cat, equally funny, is the patent 7 sheet-ircn cat, wtech is" worked by clockwerlh and which hots a bellows ifirite - of it whiea swells up its tail to the size' of thC- madcfest «c felines. If properly set it witt em& thrift equal to the wildest o£ living midnight Thomases, aud it has in addition Bteel daws and teeth. You wind it up and place it oil your roof, and set it howling. All the cats. in the neighbourhood "jump for it, and its poisoned claws kill every one it strikes; A luminous harness has been patented, Borfhdt a home being driven at night looks like a dreftk of chain lightning, and yotr think Elijah! chariot has come to earth again. There are luminous match-boxes and luminous ghosts to scare away grave robbers. After every noted grave robbery metallic coffins come in by the scord and I ltftrirfed af: riTift' rrtffin RnirnnnAit by bars of wrought iron, binding the casket and. extending ont from it at such a distance tiiafc when set in the earth it would be-impossiMe to move it except by a derrick; The inventions for smokers are so many a division of the Patent Office has to be gjven up to them. One of the most carious of pkft inventions is a rest or brace by which tteft wfeightof fho pipe is taken off the teeth and rested on the chin; There are umbrellas, which, can be turned into pipes; and pipes which- be turned into canes, and there are perhapr .it hundred inventions for the cutting off of ends of cigars, some of which are probably valuable; The lovers' gate consists of a gate which wdX swing both ways, and which can be lowered and raised to suit the size of the lovers. Oh the same principle is the adjustable pulpitL which will fit all Muds of preachers. The pulpit runs up and down on a pillar by a spring, and by pressing a button the preachet can raise it to his- height or lower it to suit. There is a patent machine there for forcing hens to lay eggs, and there are numerous ones forth© prevention of their eating their own. eggs or breaking them. Many or the patent hens' nests have five or six false eggs glned' to their bottoms, tmd the innocent hen drops hey egg on a trap which lets it slide down into % box beneath, whereupon the trap springs back and the nest is ready for a second laying. There is one branch of the Patent Office knowfi as that of cowtail holders. There are patents for horses' tails as well as cows' tails. Tho most curious among them, however, is the patent of a Yankee who has invented an adjustable false tafi for horses. A Western man has patented a shield to pre vent a horse from being cut by wire fences, and this consists of a sort Gf armour of padded cotton or leather, which is strapped around the neck, breast, and front legs of the horse; Another way of preventing horses from hurting themselves on these fences is found iu the elecN trical division. The wires are charged with; electricity, and when the horse goes against; them he gets a shock which drives him back. In the same division there is an electric phot for preventing horses from cribbing. The manger is charged with electricity, and the moment the horse attempts to crib he gets & shock. Then there is a chicken hobbler, coir sis ting of a spring attached to a hen's leg which, if the hen. attempts to scratch, willmover her onward, and will, in fact, walk her right out of the garden. The patents to make women beautiful are numerous. . There are face powders by the hour dreds, and bust improvers by the scores. Tha nose improver is one of the most curious of th« crazy patents. It has made, fit is said a fortune for its inventor and it consists of a metal shell formed of two parts, which axe connected by % hinge. The shape of its inside is that of a per feet nose, aquiline Roman or Grecian as yod prefer and it does all its work at night. The patent states that the nose should, be first weft bathed in warm water, and then greased with olive oil until it is thoroughly softened. After this the improver is to be attached, and the person using it is to go to bed. and sleep until morning. At fust it is said the operation to somewhat painful but this weara off in a tow nights, and the soft cartilage of the nose boo a begins to assume the form, of the beautiful Biuiue ui ma unpruvar. ai> uia oaa or eigne wc&ks; you have a brand-new nose, which re mains with you until you get tired of it, whoa you buy a different style of improver, and comw out in a new nose, quite different from you$: last one, but still beautifuL Restaurant-keepers have long been troubled aw to how to get. even with their boarders Josephine Driat, "of New York, has got out a patent for them. It consists of a table ana stools, both, of which run on an endless The diner, comes in, takes a seat on a stool pays his 25 cents, for a meal, and it is set before him. The table then begins to move, aud tha man moves along with it. It continues to move him along until he gets to the other end of the room, and at this time he is supposed to hare finished his meal, for his dishes slide off around a wheel and his stool slides out with himt There is an endless chain of these stools and the ; procession of diners and dinngre go on contra- ' uously. Curious bootjacks form another large class of ' patents,, as one of these consiris-of an iron affair : made in the shape of a pistol,: which you can ' carry in your hip pocket and frighten a robber with upon occasion. There is also a patent pocket-book with a pistol inside it. When thg robber asks you for your money or your life yott hand him your pocket-book and shoot him through the heart. 