Sketcher. Dreams and Omens. Have you a pet superstition ! Do you refuse to sit down at the table with thirteen ? Do you dislike to see the new moon, over your left shoulder ? Does the howl of a dog under your window at midnight affect you dis- agreeably? Do you incline to cross the street between the carriages of a passing funeral ? If you subscribe to a belief in any one of the signs or omens included in the list you are endowed with the occult science of superstition. If you believe in them all you are a psychologist or phenomenon of signs, warnings, dreams, visions and presentiments. And you will be interested in the experience of others. In a world where the simplest and most natural fact apparent to the actual senses is a miracle—as, for instance, the mystery of the egg and the chicken, we may at any moment develope a new power. an unknown force of whose existence we have attained, or had remote waking hints, but which bursts upon us at its moment of realiz- ation, as a bewilderment of beauty or utility, It has been truely and forcibly said that life is a wonderful chrysalis from which at any mo- ment may issue the unexpected on ideal wings. It is to the acute senses that the sights and sounds of the supernatural world are revealed. Ask the average man if he has ever seen a ghost and he will unhesitatingly answer ' No,' But word your question in a different way. Inquire as to his familiarity with the the supernatural, and he will relate a dozen instances of unaccountable sights and sounds, remarkable dreams which have made a life- long impression on him, and warnings which if he had been superstitious he would have heeded ; but he isn't, and only believes what he sees. The fact is, the grosser material nature of the man hardens itself that it will not near the voices that are trying to reach him. Not the voices of spirits—that is not yet proven, but the voices of occult powers clamoring for release for their appointed work. We have not yet learned the alpha- bet of the voices of the air. When we have accomplished that we may acquire some hint of the language. Meanwhile the erratic knowledge of a new world is dropped here and there in dreams, visions or the strange yearning which comes over us like a sudden intense thirst for something that is just be yond, ' The light that never was on sea or land.' It comes to the writer of this paper as a sigh—not a sigh of pain or passion or regret, but a sigh that the glorified soul might give on its first view of Heaven. It is like a strain of sweet unearthly music as it lingers for a moment and then dies away in a harmony of rest. What does it mean ? Who sighed ? Ah, that is the mystery. A lady of this city, well known and whose word is reliable, is guided in all the perplex- ing events of life by dreams. A few years ago her mother died and within the year her father married again. She was much troubled at this want of respect to her mother's memory, and on the eve of the Sun- day when her father was to appear at church with his new bride she had a remarkable dream ' I dreamed,' she said, ' that I went to church and saw my father there with his new wife. I also in my dream saw my mother and her presence did not seem in any way unaccountable, but it distressed me very much because I seemed to know that she was not aware of my father's hasty marriage. In my dream I waited impatiently for the sermon to end, then I hurried out and waited in the vestibule for my mother. As she came out I stopped her and drew her hurriedly away, while I communicated the news that a new wife occupied her place. She smiled a sweet seraphic smile and said slowly : ' I know it. We know everything where I am, and nothing has power to distress us.' ' The relief her words caused me in my dream produced a reaction, which awakened me, and no scene in real life was ever more vivid than the one I have related.' A lady who was a guest at a Washington hotel was awakened one night by the doleful howling of a dog. Not being in good health it made her very nervous and she rang for the night clerk and requested him to have the animal driven away. But the dog returned and howled worse than ever. The lady again sent for the clerk and inquired if any one in the house was ill, and was assured that there was no case of sickness there. The dog re- turned when driven off, and howled at in- tervals all night. The guests of the hotel talked the matter over and decided that the howling meant nothing, as there was no one more than another in prospect of immediate death. But at noon of that day a tardy chambermaid unlocked the door of the room above that occupied by the lady in question and discovered that the young man who occupied it was dead from hemorrhage of the lungs. Apparently the dumb animal had discovered by some mysterious instinct that he was in the vicinity of death. We pooh-pooh these things as supersti- tions and say they are mere coincidences and mean nothing. Yet our reason is often a less reliable guide than the instinct of the dumb animal, or the homing pigeon, that needs no chart to guide it in the channels of the upper air. The sleeping fellows of the dead man knew not of his lonely passing. How was it revealed to a vagabond dog ? A highly organized nature, sitting alone at midnight reading some entrancing novel or flying abroad on the wings of travel, is suddenly brought to a realizing sense of not being alone. No one is visible, nor do the lights burn blue, but something has passed throogh the room and a cold air is percept- ible—not the chill of the grey dawn, but rather the shadow of some bodiless presence. And simultaneously the chill creeps over the head of the startled or surprised occupant of the room and lifts each galvanized hair in a way we all know of, and we flppantly say is occasioned by someone walking over our graves. What is it ? The spectre of the dark with which we cruelly frighten children ? Or is it a confusion of the spheres whereby a spirit has been jostled from its orbit and so crossed to its own and its own received it not ? When Old Lady May came back to earth to amend the wrong she had done in dying, the girl she loved as a dear child did not know her, but walked directly through the transparent form. Only the dog lying on the rag and the child in its cradle saw and knew her, and were not afraid. A well known citizen of Detroit, who for- merly lived in an interior town in this state, came down one morning to breakfast with a wearied air and disturbed countenance. His mother inquired the reason and he told her that he had been having a bad dream. ' I dreamed,' he said ' that our neighbour Mrs. Jones, was killed in a horrible manner on the railroad track. I wish you would send over and see if anything has happened to her. It was a frightful dream.' Mark the sequence. A year from that time the neighbour about whom he dreamed was killed by the cars in exactly the manner he had seen described in his dream. How then did it happen to be foreshadowed to him alone in such a way ? Perhaps if he had related it to her, it might have broken the spell of doom. Chauncey M. Depew, great man that he is in all respects, says that nothing could in- duce him to sit down at a feast with a com- plement of thirteen guests. A company of thirteen sat at a table in this city some years ago. One of the company took down the names of those present in a note-book. A year passed and the same company had as- sembled to the number of twelve. ' We are all here,' said one, ' excepting C——, who has our names in his note- book. He will make the thirteenth.' There was a brief silence. Then one of the company said briefly : ' C—— is dead.' —Scientific American. 