Cocnl $ (Setter nl fltfius. Anglican. —I2th Sunday after Trinity, August 16th. Holy Trinity — Holy Communion at S, mat- tins at 11, and evensong at 7.30 ; Glencoe at 3 — A. W. King. Presbyterian. — The Rev. R. Kay" will -preach next Sabbath at Glen limes at II and 7.30, and at Wellingrove at 3. United prayer meeting in church on Wednesday at 7.30. Choir practice 011 Friday at 7.30. Next Sabbath evening Mr. Kay will de liver An address on "Some leading particulars in . the British and Foreign Bible Society's- Report for ism" ' , . 7 ; - ' Wesleyan. — Divine service- will be. conducted on Sunday next as follows -Gleri Lines at 11 and 7.30 ;:Red Range at 3— Rev. \V. G. Willard ; Clarevaulx at 3— Mr. T. H. Rnle ; Tuesday,'-. Aug. IS, Furracaliad (Mr. Lightfoot's) at 7.30. Choir practice 011 Friday at 7.30. Stock Movements.— Siiice last report these have been i- — 1000 mixed hoggets from Prairie Park, .In-- verell, to -Dun Ice Yale, Wandsworth, E. White, owner ; 1301 ewes from In verell station to Gunyer- . warildi, Campbell Bros., owners. Land Office.— On Thursday last the London Chartered Bank of Australasia applied for 45 acres, parish of Wellingrove. Police Court.- — On "Tuesday, before Messrs. Deiishire and Priest, Js. P., the Police srimmouecl Ye War for selling toKieco without : having a license. Defendant was . fined £l and; costs of court, 4s. 10d. V The Heller Troupe.— On Friday and; Saturday evenings tile Town Hall was well filled by an audience -who thoroughly enjoyed Heller's Odds and Ends Entertainment. On entering;: one saw Mr. Heller perform the mosVntstonishing' (tricks of legerdemain, and then in traduce the s" Cabinet Mystery," wherein a young townsman -of purs was for a minute or two closeted -with 'the performer and converted into a most uncanny; . ghost, with out his knowing how it: was :donc'. ; Miss Heller then by " second sight" answered, an amazing num ber of questions ; and amongst her aris weirs named Carbine as the winner of the Mclborirne'Cnp. The " rest of the evening was devoted -to a most enjoyable selection of songs and character' sketches by Mr. and Miss. Heller, which were greatly relished by the audience. ' - M Church-street.— A correspondent sends us the following complaint 1 — The footpaths in Church- street do indeed require seeing "to, as was poiuted out by an aldermau at the. Iast.,..ancU j meeting. Between the Mount Pleasant Hotel and Heydon's hoarding house a shallow yet broad stream ripples its possibly picturesque; but decidedly nncom fort- able course to the gutter. Surely this could be drained. at sma'l cost. / / ; / / -... j School of Arts. — At a special committee meet-; ing on Thursday evening, it was decided to call fOr; tenders to extend the western wall of the committee room a distance" of 10 feet, to allow, ample space for the erection of a billiard table. On the same even ing Mr. C. Legit read a well-prepared paper on Federation, which- he favored. Disscnssiou took place, and Mr. Legh was complimented 011 the ability, intelligence, and patriotism he displayed compared with the incoherent and illogical "speeches often delivered on the same subject. - Football. — The Glen lnnes footballers will pay avisit to Ten ' erlield on Wednesday next, leaving by the mail train, to try conclusions with the leather hoisters of that town.. The Glen lnnes 10am are W. 'Bain, E. Mann, J. Dawson, J. C. Hutton, G. Stevenson, A. E. Leece, J. Chatfey, E. Pryke, A. Hodges, S. Traverse O. Juergcns, C. Hodges, J. Tieruey, G. Kemp, S. F. Doyle. Emergencies— C. Vincent, G: Biddle and R. Clibborn. Mr. Healey will accompany the team as umpire. The Ghtsholm Family.— The concert, of which the proceeds are to be devoted to the relief of Mrs. Chisholin, the widow of the unfortunate Alexander Chishohn who met with" so tragic andsad atleath quite recent lj', we are exceedingly pleased to; hear, promises to lie a financial success. The circum stances of this melancholy accident are all the more touching in as much as all who knew the deceased speak in the highest tuims of his kiudly and oblig ing uature; yet unfortunately the poor feliow.had made no provisiou for his wife and little ones in case of sudden death befalling him, and they con sequently are left in woefully straightened circum stances. The public we feel assured will need 110 urging to relievo to their utmost capacity the afflic tion of this worthy woman and her uine helpless children. Municifal Improvements — Last Council meet ing was productive'of real benefit to the ratepayers, the principal items of which are that steps will be taken" for. the improvement of sundry thorough fares in the town, and for the planting of trees along alignments decided upon, and other minor improvements. What, however, will be a decided acquisition to the town, not only as an ornament but a convenience as well for facilitating communi cation between its eastern and western portions, .will be the single-soan bridge to be erectad in Fer- gusson-strcet. across the creek at the spot now tra versed by the primitive and unsightly crossing of huge boulders of slippery stones that at present is in use. Aid. Dodd was the proposer of the mo tion for the construction of tbe'brrdce in question; and is in consequence eutitlodto the thanks of his fellow townsmen, more especially if they reside in the northern portion of the town, .; Dentistry. — Mr. F. E. Kiluer, Dentist, can lie consulted daily at his private residence in Chnrch- street, opposite Green's NewEugland Hotel. ,4 Teeth extracted painlessly under the influence of Nitrous Oxide or laughing gas. — Advt. The Railways.— The report of the Commission ers on the working of the railways and tramways for the year ended J nne 30 was presented-to Par liament on Tuesday. The total traffic on the; rail ways and tramways for the year amounted to £3,267,271, and the expenditure to £2,071,050, or a net profit of £1,196,221. The length of railway lines open for traffic in the colony is 2,182 miles, the outstanding liability on which is £27,844,792 The train miles run last year were 8,410,421, and the earnings per train mile were 7s Id, compared with 6s 7d in the preceding year. The expendi ture increased from 4s 2d to 4s 4Ad per mile, leav ing a net profit on earnings of 2s Sfd. The labor troubles last year cost the Railway Department about £30,000 in extra expenses and extra cost of coal. During last year increases in wages were granted to the railway employees, equal to about £100,000 per anunin. There are 39A miles of tram ways open for traffic. The cost of these lines was £1,004,212, and the interest earned last year upon capital expended 011 tramways increased to 5 '32 per cent, as against 4 81 per cent in the previous year '.—Telegraph. ". Curing Dogs of Sheep worrying. — A corres pondent of the National Stockman writes as fol lows concerning this subject Young dogs can be .made so thoroughly afraid of the sheep that they will not attack them in their mature years. Tie them to the bead of a ram, and let about Sft.- of rope intervene, aud then place them iu a clear field. The repeated charges of the ram will so dis gust the dog with the " shpep business " that he will ever after avoid the ovine race. An old dog which was caught in the act of killing sheep was cured of the propensity in this manner, in my presence many years ago. As the ram continued to charge upon the dog, the latter worked closer and closer to the fence, and when he had reached it the ram drew hack, aud as he made the final charge the dog went over the fence with a "ki-yi " that made the onlooker langh uproariously. The canine could not torich his hind: teet tov the ground, and as the ram would hack up to make another charge this wonbl draw the dog up a little. His struggles to get released and the ram trying to get a fair " clip" at him cansed a see sawing-, across the fence that was as " good as a circus " to witness. This was heroic treatment ; but all said "Good enough for him." Be lived several years, but wa3 not known to molest sheep after that. Public Works.— It is not considered by the Go vernment that there is any immediate hurry ' for appointment of the new committee to deal with public works. We learn that there is no intention at present to submit for the approval ot Parliament in so far as a reference to the committee is concer ned any important pnblic works. When there is a larger sum for disposal out of loan it is probable that some works of au important character will be brought forward. — Telegraph. It is not generally known that some, of Parkes Labor party are new chums. Some of these men have not been away from England 12 months, and they come here .with all the old world prejudices, and believe in Sir Henry Parkes simply because lie is an Englishman. Only fancy men like Sharp, Darn ley, and a dozen or two' more who, at the out side, have not been here more than two years, legis- -luting- for a country they know nothing about. 