Local and General. THEB Earl of Portsmouth is dead, yet the globe circulates, A GRBAsT fire is raging in Tooley-street, London, according to the cables. A STRIrE has taken place among the London sailors, firemen, and carmen. THn Queen intends to visit Florence:in March for the benefit of her health. Tw?NTY-NIvs million bushels of wheat in Dakota and Minnesota have been damaged by frosts. IN consequence of the state of his health, Mr. Gladetone has decided upon spending the winter in Italy. THE population of the world is estimated at 1,4S0,000,000. It is some consolation to know we are on the list. THE New Zealand Shipping Companyis. building a vessel of 6300 tons. The vessel is designed to carry 70.000 caresses of frozen sheep. The carpenter's strike continues. Money to support the strike is being levied in France, Germany, America, Canada, and Australia. BoULAr?GREB's ghost is to walk. The French League of Patriots has issued a manifesto exhorting the Boulangists to con tinue the struggle. Ira well of ink were placed on the re porter's table at the Police Court once now and then by way of a change, the scribes would consider it a boon. THE late Sir John Robortson said "Fede ration was as dead as Julius Crsar;' and now Mr. William O'Brien, M.P., declares "Par nellism is as dead as Casar." THE proceeds of the Russian loan of £20,000,000, which is about to be placed on the Continental markets, are to be devoted to the contruction of railways in Russia. THaE savage is as destructive as over, and only wants the opportunity. The Indians at Tuelamago in the Republio of Mexico have massacred 200 Germlan settlers in the district. A LETaR in the Nachrichten, a political journal published in Hamburg, states that the Russian advance in Central Asia will have the effect of diverting Bngland's atten tion from Germany's colonial policy. THB Nizam of Hyderabad, in replying to popular feeling, defends his anotion in giving evidence in a court of law as not being be neath his dignity. He cites the examples of Mahomet and of the Prince of Wales. THE Paris press welcomes Mr. Gladstone's utterances at the National Liberal Conven-, tion at Neowcastle-on-Tyne in reference to the British occupation of Egypt, which he de olared to be burdensome and embarrassing. THEBE is truth in wine and hypnotism. The Rev. Charles Yoysey, founder of the Theistic Church in London, states that whilst under hypnotic influence Mrs. Annie Besant declared that theosophy was a fraud. MR. G. C. IMARTIN, district coroner, will hold an inquest at Teralba at half-past 9 o'olock this morning, on the body of a minor named William James, who was found lying deadlon the verandah of the Lake Macquarie Hotel yesterday. CovUT ESTEBsazY, a member of the Aus trian nobility, has been missing for some days. His carriage has just been found floating in the Danube at Presburg. The Count's body was also recovered. It is be. lieved he has been robbed and murdered. A PIRa occurred in Messers. John Ash and Sons' timber yard, Lower Church-street, about half- past 3 o'clook yesterday morning, and between £50 and £100 worth of damage resulted. The various fire brigades of the city and euburbs reoached the scene within a - few minutes of the sounding of the alarm. HEBE's a pretty mess. The London news papers hint that Lydia Manton, the Gaiety Theatre chorus girl who committed suicide, was the recipient of attentions from the Duke of Olarence, though she was the nominal mistress of Lord Charles Montagu, who gave evidence at the coroner's inquest. Ma. J. WarsTOO, solicitor, Strand, Lon don, agent for Mr. George Leitch's dramatio works, has cabled that Rudyard Kipling has approved of the terms offered by Mr. Leitoh for the sole rights to produce his dramatisa. tion of Mr. Kipling's story Tes Liigd Tlsat Failed. The play, which is a very poweful one, will shortly be produced in London. WB have received "Unionist's" letter on the subject of Mr. Fegan, M.P., and the statements made with reference to him in connection with work at Greta some years. ago. These statements have already been published, as also Mr. Fegan's explanations and if nothing more can be said on the sub. ject on both sides no useful purpose can be served by going over the old ground in a newspaper controversy. FoR several weeks past conferences of the representatives of the Sunday-sechools of Wallsond and Plattsburg have been held in St. Luke's schoolroom, the result of which has been that it is decided that a united picnic of the schools shall be held in the Upper Reserve on Monday, the 9th Novem ber next, and that a united service take place on Sunday, the 8th November, at the Walls. end Reserve grounds. The carrying out of the arrazigoments has been placed in the hands of several committees, and the under.. taking should prove a great success. Spours in connection with the Minmi footballers willibe held on October 17th. THn quartetly meeting of the general com mittee of the hospital was held last evening. THIE annual picnic of the Oook's Hill Public Sohool will take place at Toronto on Thurs. day, 22nd instant. Ir is announced that a Wesleyan bazaar and musical festival will be held in trhe Newcastle Elite Bink during next month. A OcosoT under the auspices of the Women's ChObristian Temperance Union will be held to-morrow night in St. Androw's schoolroom. THE Quarterly Licensing Court 'will be bald at Waratab to-day for the issuing of new licenses and transaction of other licensing business. TIE. Pester Lloygd, a semi-official paper published in Pesth, states that Russian troops are swarming on the IRussian bank of the E?iver Pruth, on the frontier of Galicia. THE balance-sheet of the hospital for the nine months ending September O80th shows that the receipts from all sources were £2972 14s ad and the expenditure £1937 8s lid. THB "Irish Detective" will be staged at the Victoria Theatre this evening, and Mr. Grattan Riggs will jof course take the parts with which his name is so popularly seeso cidated in Australia. THE strong demand- which exists in Noew castle for dwelling-houses of a good class is illustrated by the fact that all the houses in the block recently erected by Alderman Buchanan have beeoon lot. The French National debt is the largest ever known. Its interest cost the French people more than £1 por head per year. Yet France, being a country of great resources, manages to etagger along. A piece of Crown land in Pall Mall, Lon don, was recently leased at a rental based on a scapital valub of about £500,000 per acre. If only the Crown had retained the land of all England for the people thereof. THE Mayor of Newcastle, in response to a requisition, has convened a public meeting, to be held at the Oriterion Hotel on Friday night for the purpose of taking steps to re. lieve the distress existing among the em. ployees of the Oo-oporative Colliery. A sooIAL, under the auspices of the New castle and County Bhop Imployees' Union, wsill be held to-morrow evening in the Wick ham Schoolof Arts. The quarterly meeting of the Union will be held this evening in Kirkaldy's Hotel. ADAsTARDLY attempt to blow up the Arch bishop'spalace atTrieete, a seaport in Aus tria, has been discovered and frustrated. A emoking bomb was discovered in the building but was extinguished before any damage was done. The perpetrator of the outrage has not been traced. In Africa the following summaries of square miles are claimed by different coun tries :--8pain, 210,000; Italy, 860,000; Portugal, 774,993; Oongo Free State, 1,000,000; Germany, 1,085,720; Great Britain, 1,909,445; France, 2,800,248. THs insult offered to the tomb of the late King Victor Emanuel by pilgrims has cre sted a great sensation in Italy. A large crowd of persons invaded the Pantheon of Rome, and several anti-Papal speeooches have been made. The Pope is greatly distressed, and has protested against the insult to the late King. Meetings protesting against the action of the pilgrims have been held at Leg horn, Florence, and Bologna. On the motion of Menotti Garibaldi, son of late General Garibaldi, the veterans of the Garibaldian campaign have passed a resolution in favour of the abolition of the article in the Italian Oonstitution making Roman Catholicism the religion of the State. FITsTrcLAss household furniture will be sold by Messrs. Creer and Berkeley at their rooms this morning. 