CAPITAL AND LABOR In a recent; address delivered by the Arch bishop of York to the working men of Hull his Lordship remarkedWhen we read our books of political economy we read about labor and capital on every other page-labor with a very big L, and capital with a very big 0, (Laughter.) Labour and Oapital! Well, now, it is all very well to write and read about labor with a big L and oapital with a big 0; but what I want to know is, has any man in this room ever seen labor with a big L, and oapital with a big 0, outside a book ? I never have. What you do see ia not labour and oapital, but labourers and capitalists, and that is a very different thing 5 beoause, then you come to deal with that queer old-world, old-fashioned, mysterious, difficult thing that you do not find in books, but that you do find in men and women, which we call human nature, (Hear, hear,) I think that you will agree with me that there is a great deal of human nature about men, (Laughter.) If you come to settle ! what labor ia to do for oapital, and what oapital is to do for labor, it is all very well in the book {but when you come to deal with men in [ the shop, in the factory, in the street, with their passions and their prejudices, with their needB, with their aspirations, with their sorrows, with their trials, with all the infirmi ties which infeot and weaken our human nature, it is not so easy a thing to arrange the relations between those who suffer and toil and those whom they look upon as free from toil and suffering, It is not so easy a thing to ad just men and women and children as it is to adjust words with a book, and; therefore, I do not think you would be wise in going to the clergyman of the parish, or even the arohbishop of the provinoe to settle all these trade disputes, I heard with the greatest delight what the re presentatives of your trade sooieties said to-night about conciliation, and boards of arbitration, and that, t I confess, is what I should like to see growing more and more amongst you, Shall I tell vou how tho Apostles, wnom we are bound'to follow, settled a queatiou, of money long ago ? It has always seemed to me very instructive. There was a dispute in the early day a of the Christian Church about the distribution of money, very much what it <b about now-(laughter)-and there waa a murmuring between the Christians and Hebrews - two different olasaea - and they eame to the Apostles to complain, to ask them to settle it. Now, what did the Apostles say? They Baid, 1 It is not meet that we should leave the Word of God to serve tables. We have something else to do; we have to study the Word of God. and care for your souls) but we are not indifferent to you; bodies by any means-only we think you can manage this matter better than we oan do.' They said. 'Choose you out seven men from amongst you who can settle this business}' and the saying pleased the multitude, ana they ohoBe seven men who were full of faith ana of the Holy Ghost, and those seven men disposed of the question justly and reason, ably; at any rate, we read no more of it in history. Now, I venture to say to you, my dear friends, and I would say the same to your employers and oapitaliats if I were addressing them, ohoose you out of your own body honest men, and, if you oan find them, Christian men -(applause)-choose you out men who desire to be just, ohoose you out men who feel that their tellow-man are brothers in Christ, and that they must think as muoh of them as they do of themselves. Choose Buoh a board of conciliation or arbitration (call it what you like), ohoose honest, kindly men, ohoose praotical men who know what they are dealing with. Settle them together to consider what is right, and I believe that out of that conference there oan eome more good than would come out of reams of political economy aud armies of polltieal spoutera stirring you up to strife.'? The U.S. consul At Auokland reports to his Government (hat the average cost oi keeping a sheep in New Zealand ia about hftlf-a-orown a year, and that the average weight ot a fleece is Bib. for merinos and 81b. for orosabrede, while the price reoeived by breeders is from 5d. to ll|jd. a pound in the grease, the average being The whole body of the vulture (a a hundred times as large as the swallow, but its wings are only 15 times as large. The Queen Regent of Spain smokes over 12 oigarettea a day, A young man named Oarl Habloh was acci dentally badly injured by a gun * shot wound while out hunting at the Onkaparinga River, near Hahndorf. A loaded gun was leaned up agaiust a bush; it fell and exploded, the charge entering Habioh'a back. He ia not expected to reoover, 