THE SOUTH SEASj j i PART I.— THE MARQUESAS. BY R. L. STEVENSON. Chapter III.— The Marooh. Of the beauties of Anaho books might be written. I remember waking about 3 o'clock to find the air temperate and scented. The long swell brimmed into the bay, and seemed to fill it full, and thon subside. Gently, deeply and silently tho Casco rolled ; only at times a bloak piped like a bird, Oceanward the heaven was bright with stars and the sea with their reflec tions. If I looked to that stdo I might hare sung with tho Hawaiian poet : — tJa tnaomao Ka lani, ua Kaliaea luna, Un pipl ka mnka o ka boku. (Tho heavens were fair, they stretched above, Many wcro the oyes of the stars.) And then I turned shoreward, and high squalls wore ovorhend ; tho _ mountains loomed up black ; and I could havo fanoied I had slipped 10,000 miles away and was anchored in n High land loch ; that when tho day came, it would show pine, and heather, ' and green fern, and roofs of t'arf sending up the smoke of peats ; and the alien speech tliat should noxt greet my ears must be Gaelic, not Kanaka. ' And day, when it came,' brought other sights and -thoughts, y I "have watched the morning break in many quarters of tho world ; it has been certainly one of the chief joys of my existence, and the dnwn that I saw with most : emotion shone. upon the Bay of Anaho. The mountains abruptly over hang the port with every variety of' surface and of inclination, lawn nnd clilt and forest.' Mot one of these bnt wore its proper tint of saffron, of sulphur, of the 'clovo and of the rose. The lustre was liketlmtof satin ; on the lighter hues there seemed to float nn efflorescence ; a solemn bloom appeared on' the more dark. The light itself was the ordinary light of morning I color less and clean ; and on this ground of jewels, pencilled out the least detail of drawing. Meanwhile, around the hamlet, under the pnlms, where the blue shadow lingered, the red coals of cocoa hnek and the light trails of smoke betrayed thoawakoning business of tho day; along the bench men anil women, lads and hisses, were returning from the bath in bright raiment, red and bluo nnd green, such ns wo dolighted to sec in tho colored little pictures of our childhood ; and presontly the sun had cleared the eastern liill and tli,e glow of the day was over all. The glow oontinued and inoreased, the busi ness, for the main part, ceased before it had begun. 'Twice in the day there was a certain stir of shepherding along the seaward hills. At times a canoe went out to fish. At times a woman or two languidly filled a basket in'the cotton patch. . At times a pipe would found out of the shadow of a house, ringing the changes on its three notes, with nn effect like 1711c le jour me dure repeated endlessly. Or at times; across a corner of the bay, two natives might commu nicate in tho Marqucsan manner with conven tional, whistlings. All else was sleep and eilenco. The surf broke nnd shone around the shores, a Rpccics of black crane fished in the broken water, tho black pigs were continually galloping by on somo affair, but the people might never have awaked, or they might all be dead. My favorite haunt was opposite the hamlet, where was a landing in a covo under a lianaed cliff. The beach was lined with palms and a tree called the bnrao, something between the fig" nnd mulberry in growth, and bearing a flower like a. great yellow poppy with a maroon heart. In places rocks encroached upon the sand, the beach would be all submerged, and the surf would bubble warmly as high ns to my knees, and play with cocoanut husks as onr more homely . ocean plays with wreck and wrnok and bottles. Ab the reflux drew down, marvels of color and design streamed between my foot, which I would grasp nt, miss, or seize ; now to find them what they promised, shells to grace a cabinet or be set in gold upon a lady's finger ; now to catch only may a of colored sand, pounded fragments and pebbles, that, as soon as thoy were dry, became as dull and homely as the flints upon a garden path. - 1 have toiled at this childish pleasure for hoars in the strong sun, conscious of my incur able ignorance, hut too keenly pleased to be ashnfhed. Meanwhile the blackbird (or "his tropical understudy) would be fluting in the thickets overhead. A ltlfclo further, in the turn of the hay, a streamlet trickled in the bottom of n den, thence spilling down a stair of rock into the sen. "The draught of air drew down under the foliage in tho very bottom of tho den which was a perfect nrbor for coolness. In front it stood open on the blue bay and the Casco lying there unidcr her awning and her cheerful colors. ' Overhead was a thatch of bufaos, and over these again palms . brandished thoir bright fans, as I havo seen a conjurer make him self a linlo out of naked swords. For in this spot, over a neok of low land at the foot'of the mountains, tho trade wind streams into Anaho Bay in a flood of almost constant volume nnd velocity, and of a heavenly cool- mess. It chnnced one day that I was ashore In the cove with Mrs. Stevenson and the ship's cook. Except for the Casco lying outside, and a crane or two, and the ever busy wind and sea, the face of the world was of a pre-historio emptiness. Life appeared to stand stockstill, and the sense of isolation was profound and refreshing. On a sadden, tho trade wind, coming in a gust over the isthmus, struck and scattered the fans of the palms nbove the don ;. and, behold! in two of \- the tops there sat a native, motionless as an idol nnd watching us, you would have said, without a wink. The next moment tho tree closed, and tho glimpse was gone. This discovery of human presences latent overhead in a place where we had supposed ourselves, alone, tho immobility of our tree top spies, and tbo thought that perhaps at all hours we were similarly supervised, strnok us with a chill. Talk languished' on the.beioh. As" for" the cook, (whose ' conscience' was not clear),, he. hover afterwards set foot on Shore, land twice, . when the Casco appeared "to be driving on tho rocks, it was amusing to observe -that man's nlacrity ; death," he' was' pcrsiiaded, siwnited him upon tli'o beach. It was more than a year later, in the Gilberts, that the explana tion dawned upon myself. The natives were drawing palm-treo wine, a thing forbidden by law, and when the wind thus suddenly revealed them they were doubtless more troubled than ourselves. At the top of the den there dwelt nn old, imelanclioly, grizzled man of tho name of Tari v(Oharlie) Coffin. 1 He was n native of Oahu, in ithe . Sandwich Islands, and had gone to sea iin his youth in the American whalers, ft circumstance to which ho owed his name, his English, his down-east, twang, and the' mis fortune of his innocent life. For one captain, 'sailing .out of New Bedford, carried liirn to Kuka-hiva and marooned him thocoanrnong tho oannibals. The motive for this act was incon ceivably small ; poor Tari's wages, which were thus economised, would soared have shook the credit of the New Bedford owners.. ' And the act itself was simply murdor, Tari's life must have hung in the beginning ' by 0 hali. Tri tho grief and terror of that time, 3t ' is not unlikely he wont ' ' mad, nn infirmity to which ho was still liable ' or perhaps o child may havo taken ft fancy to him and ordained him to be spared.,, Ho es caped at' least alive, married in the island, and when I knew him was a widower with a married sbn nnd a granddaughter. But'the thought of Oaliu haunted him ; its praise was for ever on his Hps ; he beheld it, looking hack, as a place of ceaseless, feasting, song and dance ; and in his dreams I daresay lie revisits it with joy. I w.onder what he would think if ho could be car- rried there indeed, and see the modern town of "Honolulu brisk with traffic, and tho palace with 'its guards, nnd the great hotel, and Mr. Merger's band with their uniforms and outlandish instruments ; or what wo would think to see the brown faces grown so few and the white so many ; and his father's land sold for planting sugar, and his father's house quite perished, or perhaps the last of tliom Btruok leprous and immured botween the surf, and the cliffs on Molokai ? So simply, even in South Sea Islands, and so sadly, the changes come. Tari was poor and poorly lodged. His house was a wooden frame, run up by Europeans ; it -was indeed his official residence, for -Tari was tho shepherd of tho promontory Bhcep. I can give a perfect inventory of its contents : tliroo kegs, a tin biscuit box, an iron saucepan, several cocoa shell cups, a lantern, and three bottles, probably, containing oil, while the clothes of tho family and a few mats were thrown across the open rafters. "Upon my first meeting with- this exile he'llnd ebnedved for me one.of.fhe.'baselass island' Triondidii. had given '. me nut to drink, and tarried me w the dim to. " see my ,liouse,""thp only entertainment that he had to offer. He liked' the "Amoffcani" lio said, nnd tho. " Ingltshman," hut, the " Flessman " was his abhorrenco ; and he was careful to explain that If he La'd thought us " Fless " wo should havohad none of his nutsand never a sight, of liis house. His distaste for tho French I can partly understand, but not nt all his toleration of the Anglo-Saxon. Tho next day ho brought me b pig,' anil some days' later one. of our party going ashore found him in the act to bring a seoond. We were still strange to the istnnds; wo were pained by tho poor man's generosity wliioh he could ill afford/and by a natural enough but quite unpardonable blunder wo refused the pig. Had Tari been ft Marqucsan wo should hove seen him no more ; being what he was, tho most mild, ' long 'suffering mclan- oholy man, ho took a revenge n hundred times more painful. Scarco had the canoe with tho nino villngers put off from their farewell before the Casco was boarded from the other side. ' It was Tari ; coming thus late becnuso he had no canoo 0! his own, and bad found it hard to borrow one ; coming thus solitary (as indeed we always saw him), because he was a stranger in the land, and tho dreariost" of comphny. ' The rest of my family basely fled from the'enconnter. I must receive bur injured friend nloho; and the Interview must havo lasted linrd upon an hour, for ho was. loth to tear himself away! "Yon go 'way. I see yon no more— no Air!" he lamented; arid then looking about him 'witli rueful admiration, " this goodec ship— no, air !— goodee ship!" he would exclaim : the " ho, sir," thrown out sharply through the nose upon a rising inflection, nn . eciio from New. Bedford' and tho fallacious whaler.. From these ex pressions of grief .and praise, lie would return continually to the case of the rejected pig. "I like give plesont all the' same you," ho oomplained ; " only got pig, you no take him." He was a poor man ; he had no choice of gifts, ho had only a pig, he repeated, and I had refused it. I hove rarely been more wretched than to see him sitting there, so old, so grey, so poor, so hardly fortuned, of so rueful a couhtenanco, and to appreciate, with growing keoness the affront which I had so innocently dealt him ; but it was ono of those cases in which speech is vain. Tari's son wns smiling and inert; his daughter- in-law, n girl of 16, pretty, gentle and gravel m ore intelligent than most Anaho women, nnd with n fnir share of French ; his grandchild, a mite of n creature at the breast. I went up the den ono day when Tori was from home, nnd found the son making a cotton saok, and madame suckling mademoiselle. When f had sat down with them on the floor the girl began to' question mo abont England, whteh I tried to describe, piling the pan and the cocoa shells one upon another to . represent the houses, nnd explaining, as best I was able, and by word nnd gesture, the over population," the hunger and the perpetual toil. "Pas de cocoiiera? pas de jaopoi?" she asked. 'I told her it wns too cold, nnd went through an elaborate performance, shutting out draughts, and crouching over nn imaginary fire, to make sure she understood. . But she understood right well; remarked that it must be bad for the health, and sat awliilo gravely reflecting on that picture of unwonted sorrows. I am sure it roused her pity, for it struck in her another thought always uppermost in the Marquesan bosom ; and she began with a smiling, sad: ncss, and looking on mo out of melancholy" eyes, to lament' the decease of her own people.' "Icipusde JCanuqucs," said she; and taking the baby from lior breast, slio held it out tp mo with both her hands, "Toncz — n little baby like this ; then dead. All the Kanaque9 die. Then no more." The smile, and this instanc ing by tho girl mother of her own tiny flesh and blood, affected me strangely; they spoke of so tranquil a despair. Meanwhile the husband smilingly made Ids sock ; and tho unconscious babe struggled to reach a pot of raspberry jam, friendship's offering, whieh I hod just brought up to tho den ; and in a perspective of centuries I saw their case as ours, death coming in like a tide, anil the day already numbered, wheii there should bo no more Beretani, and no more of any race whatever, . and (what o'ddly touched me) no more literary works' and no moro readers. Chatter IV.— Death. The thought of death, I have Said, is upper most in the mind of . the Mdr quesan. : It Would bo strange if it were otherwise. The -race is porhaps the hnndsomest extant,. Si; feet. is about the middle height of. males. Tliey are strongly muscled, free from fat, swift in action, graceful in repose, and the women, though fatter and .duller, are ' still comely animals. To judge'by the eyo, there is no r.nco moro "viable, and yet death "reaps them with both hands. When Bishop Dordillon "first came to l'ai-o-liae he reckoned tho ' inhabitants nt many thou sands. He was but newly dead, and in tho snmo bay Stanislao Moanatini counted on his fingers eight residual natives. Or take the valley of Hapaa, known to renders of Herman Melvillo under the grotesque misspelling of Hapnr. There nro but two writers who have touched the South Seas with any genius, both Amerioans — Melvillo and Charles Warren Stoddard — and at tho christening of the first and the greatest, some influential fairy, must have been neglcoted. "Ho shall ho nblo' to see," "Ho shall he able to tell," "Ho shall be able to charm," said the friendly godmothers, " Bnt he shall not bo able to hear," exclaimed the last. The tribe of Hapaa is said to have numbered some 400, wben the small-pox come and reduced them by ono-fonrth. Six months later a woman developed tubercular consumption; tho disease spread liko a fire abont the valley, and in less than a year two survivora, a man and a woman, fled from that new created solitude. A similar Adam and Evo mny some day withor among now races, the tragic residue of Britain. When I first heard this story tho date staggered me, but I nra how inclined to think it possible. Early in the year of my visit, for example, or late the year before, a first case of phthisis appeared In a household of 17 persons, anil by the month of August, when the tale was told me, one soul survived, nnd -that was a boy who bad beam, absent at his schooling. And depopulation .works both, ways, the doors of death being 'set wide open, and the doar of birth almost closed. Thus, in the half year ending July, 1888, there were twelvo deaths and but one birth in tho district of the Hatiheu. Seven or eight more deaths were to be looked for in the ordinary course ; and M. Aussel, the observant gendarme, knew of but one likely birth. At this rate it Is no matter of surprise if the population in that part should have declined in 40 years from 6000 to less than 400 ; which are, once more on the authority of M. Aussel, the estimated figures. And tho rate of decline must have even accelerated towards tho end. A good way to appreciate the depopulation is to go by land from An'aho to Hatiheu. The road is good travelling, but cruelly steep. I do not remember a more swift sentiment of ascen sion. Wo seemed scarco to have passed the I deserted house which stands highest in Anaho before we were looking' dizzily down upon.', its roof; the, Casco well out .in. the. bay, arid rolling . for . a . wagor, Shrank ..visibly ; and presently through the . gap., of. ..Tari's isthmus, Ua- hnna was seen to hang clbudllke on the horizon. Over the summit, where the wind blew, really ohill, nnd whistled in the reed-like grais and tossed the grassy fell of the pandanus, we stepped sudddkly; as through n door, into the next vnlo nnd bay of Hatiheu. A bowl of mountains encloses it upon three sides- On the fourth this rampart has been bombarded into ruins, runs down to seaward in imminent and shattered crags, and presents the ono practic able breach of the bluo bay. " The interior of this vessel is crowded with lovely and valuable trees— orange, bread fruit, mummy apple, cocoa, the island chestnut and fur weeds, the pine and the' banana. Four perennial streams water and keep it green ; and along the dell, first of ono then of another of these, the road, for a considerable distance, descends into this fortunate valley. The song of tlio waters and. tho familiar disarray of boulders gave us a strong sense of home, which the exotio folioge, tho daft liko growth of the pandanus, tho buttressed trunk of the banyan, the black pigs galloping in the bush, and the architecture of the native houses dissipated ere it could be enjoyed.. . ' The houses on the Hatiheu side begin high up; higher yet, the more molimbholy spectacle of empty pnepaes. When a native habitation is deserted,., the superstructure— pandanus thatch, wattle, unstable tropical timber —speedily rots, onil is speedily scattered by tho wind. Only tho scenes. of tho terrace endure, .nor can anyruiu,co(rh or standing stone or vitrified part : present amore stern appear- 050ft of fth%ulty;'" "W« must have jSMsadTrbiir 'of'ibuebawhboMleteiilatf Ohho msiin road of the" island, where it crosses the "valley of Taipi, Mr. Oabourne tolls me .they ore to bo reckoned by thfe' dtizonpnnd as tlio' roails have been made' long posterior to their erection, perhaps to their desertion, and .must simply ho regarded as ' lines drawn at random through the bush, tho forest on either ' lmnd miist Be' equally filled with these survivals — tlm grflvostOnP?. of '.whole families. Such ruins are (apii in the strictest sense ; no native must approach them ; they hnve become outposts of the' kingdom of tho grave. It might 'appear a natural, and pious custom in the hundreds' who nro 1 left — the' rear guard of perished thousands— that their feet should leave untrod theso hearthstones of their fathers. I bolicvc,' in fact,' tho custom rests on different and more grim' conceptions. But' tho house, tho grave, and even the body of tho dead have been always particularly honored by Mar quesas. Until recently the corpse, was some times kept in tho family and daily oiled and sunned until,' by gradual and revolting stages, it dried into a kind of mummy.' Offerings are still laid upon tho grave. In .Traitor's Bay Mr. Osboarno saw ft man' buy a looking glass to lay. upon hid Son's ; ' nnd the 'sbntimont against the desecration of tombs', thbu&littcs;'siy rilffleri in tho laying down of tho new:ronds,'is a clhef ingredient in the native hatred for the French. Tho ' Marqucsan beholds witli .'dismay the approaching extinction 'of' his fabe.'Tlie thought of death sits down with him, to ' meat' and rises with him from his bed ; ' hp lives nnd breathes under a shadow of mortality awful to -support'; and ho ' is .so ' inured ' to the apprehension that, be .greets, the' reality with relief; . Ho does not ' even seek' to' support n disappointment ; at hn. affront; nt.o breach of ono of his fleeting and communistic lovo affairs, lie seeks an instant refugeln the grave.' Hanging is now the fashion. I heard of threo who had hanged themselves in tlio' .west end of Hiva-oa during tlio first, half of 1888 ; but though this bo a common form of suicide in other parts of tlio South Seas, I caniiot. think it will continue popular in the Marquesas. Far moro suitablo to Marqucsan sentiment ' is ' the old form of poisoning with tho fruit of the evn, which offers to the native suicido a oruel bnt deliberate death, and gives time for those dccenoios of tlio last hour, to which he attaches such remarkable importance. The ooffin can tliyis be at hand, the pigs killed, the cry of the mourners sounding already through the house ; and then it is, arid not before, that tho Marquesan is conscious of achievement, his life nil roundod in, his robes (liko Ciesnr's) adjusted' for the final aot. Praise not any man till ho is dead, said tho ancients ; envy not any man till you ' henr the 'mourners,' might be the Mapqnesanparody.- The coffin, though of laie introduction, strangely engages their attention. It is' to the mature Marqueaan what n watoh is to' tho European schoolboy. For 10 ' years Queen Vnekehu had dunned the fathers; at last, hut the other day, thoy let her have her will, gave her her ' coffin, and the woman's soul is at rest. I' was told.a droll instance of the force of tliis preoccupation. The Polynesians are subject to a disease seemingly rather of the will than of tho body. I wns told the Tahi- tians have a word for 'it, crimatua, but can not- find it in my dictionary. A gendarme, M. Nouveau, lias seen men beginning to succumb to this insubstantial' malady, has routed them from ' their lio'uses, turned them on to do ' . their trick . upon tlio ' roads, mid in two days has seen them cured. But this other remedy is more original. A Mar- qiteshn, dying of tills discouragement — perhaps 1 should rather say tliis acquiescence— has been known, at tho fulfilment of his crowning wish, on the more sight of tlint desired hermitage, his coffin, to. rnvivo, recover, shake off tho band of deatli, and be restored for years to his occupa tions — carving tikis, lot us say, or braiding old men's beards.' From nil this' it may bo con. ceived how easily thoy meet death when it approaches naturally. I heard one example, grim and picturesque. In the time of the small-pox in Hapan, nn old man wns seized with the disease ; he had no thought of re covery ; had his grave diig by a wayside, and lived In it.for neat n fortnight," eating, drinking and smoking with the pas'sers-by, talking mostly of his end, and equally Unconcerned for himself and cureless of the friends whom he 'infected. Tliis proneness to suicide and loose ' seat in life" is not peculiar to the Mhrquesan, .What is peculiar |s the tvidespr'ead depression and pic&pjt; nncft of tho national ' end. Pleasures nro neglected, the dance languishes, the songs nre forgotten. It is true thai some, arid 'perhaps tod many of them, are proscribed ; but many remain, if there were spiritto support or to revive them. At the last feast 'of the Bastille, Stanislao Moanatini shed tears when' lie- beheld tlio inani-. mate performance of the' dancers. "When- the people sang for ns in Anaho, they must apolo gise for the smallness of their repertory. They were only young folk present, tiiey said, and it was only tho old that knew tlio songs. Tho whole body of Marqucsan jfoetry and music was being suffered to die' out with a single dispirited generation. The full import Is apparent only to ono acquainted witli other Polynesian races. Who knows how' the Samoah coins a fresh song for every .trifling incident, :or, who lias hoard (on Penrynn, for instance) a band of Iittlo stripling maids from 8 to 12 keep up their minstrelsy for hours nt a stretch, one song following another without pausb. In like manner the Marqucsan, never industrious, begins now' to cense alto gether -from - production. The experts of the group dccliuo out of all proportion even with tho death rate of the islanders. "The coral waxes, tho palm grows and man departs," says tbo Marqubsan, and he folds his hands. And surely this is nature. Fond as it may appear, we labor and refrain, not for the rewards of any ttinglo life, but with a timid eye upon the lives and memories of onr successors ; and where no qne is to succoejl of his own family, or his own tongue, I doubt whether the Rothschilds would make money or Cato practise virtue. It is natural also that a temporary stimulus should sometimes rouse the Marquosan from his lethargy.' Over all the landward shore of Anaho cotton runs like a wild weed ; man or woman, whoever comes to , pick it, muy earn a dollar in n day; yet when we arrived the trader's store house wns entirely empty, and before we'loft it'wns near 'full. So long as the oil eus was there; so long as' -the-Gasco was yet aCaUored in the bay, it behoved: everyone to makehis visit ;.' and to this.end every woman must- haye a new dress and every man a shirt aiiu trousers. Never before in Mr. Hegler's ex perience had they displayed so much activity. : In their despondency there is an olemcnt of dread. The fear of ghosts and of the dark is very deeply , written in the mind of tho Poly nesian ; not least of the Marquesan. Poor Taipi, the chiof of Anaho, was condemned to ride to Hatiheu on a moonless night. He borrowed n lantern, sat a long while nerving himself for tlio adventure, and when ho at last departed wrung the Cascoes by the linnd as for a final separation. Certain presences, called yohinehae, frequent and make terrible the nocturnal roadside ; I W8B told by one they were like so much mi3t, and as the traveller walked into them dispersed and dissipated ; another described them ns being shaped, liko men and having eyes like cats ; from none could I obtain tho smallest clearness as to what they did or wherefore they- were dreaded'. "We may be sure at least they repre sent the dead, for the dead, in the minds of tiie islanders, are all-pervasive. " When a native says that he is a man," writes Dr. Coddington, "he means that lie is a man and not a ghost ; not that ho is a man arid not: a beast. The inteiHgent agents of this world are to his mind tlio men who are alive, and the ghosts .the men who are dead. " Dr. Coddington speaks of Melanesia; from what I have loarned his words are equally true ot the Polynesian; And yet more. Among cannibal Polynesians a dread ful suspicion rests .generally on tho dead ; and the Marquesnns, the greatest oannibals of all, are scarce likely, to" be free from similar beliefs. I hazard tho guess'that the Vehinahae ore the hungry spirits of tho doad, continuing their life's business of the cannibal ambuscade, and lying everywhere unseen, and eager to devour the living. Another superstition I picked up through tiro troubled medium' of Tair Coffin sEnglislu- The dead, he told me, came and danced by night around the paepae of their former family ; the family were thereupon overcome by somo emotion, but whether of pious sorrow or of fear I could not gather, and must "make a feast," of wliioh fisli, pig and popio were indispensable ingredients. So far, this is olear enough, Bnt, here Tari went on to in stance the new house of Tomn, and tho house- warmingfeastwhich was just then in preparation, as instances in point. Dare we, indeed, string them together, and add the case of tlio deserted ruin, as though thodead continually besieged the paepaes of the living, were kept at arm's length, even from the first foundation, only by propitia tory feasts, and so soon as tiie flro of life went out upon the hearth swarmed baok into posses sion of their ancient scat 'I I speak by guess of those Marquesan super stitions. O11 tlio cannibal ghost I shall return elsewhere with, certainty. And it is enough, for tlio present purpose, to remark that tho men of the Marquesas, from whatever reason, fear and shrink from the presence of ghosts. Conceive.how this must tell upon the nerves in islands where the number of tho dend already so far exceeds that of the living, and the dead multiply and the living dwindle at so swift a rate. Conceive how the remnant huddles about. the' embers- of the fire of life ; evenas .old red Indians,- Asserted on the march and in'the show, the klnrUy triba .all gone, the Isst flsme' expiring," and "tin " tight ft&urid; pqjialbM tritb; Vhlvu." ' . 