COUNTRY NEWS. BENDIGO, Monday. At tho polico oourt to-day, Moses Johnson, a draper's assistant, was ohnigod with shooting at with intent to murdar Kato Stownrt, dnughtor of tho landlord of a local boarding house. Prlsonor was remanded till AV odnosday. and ndmittod to bail in two sureties of £50. Goorgq Ridley, tlio youth who the othor night firod a pistol nt thruo othor youths who woro playing ghost, wns lot off to-day with a fino of Tlio Goldon-squaro Working Moil's Club com mittee to-night decided to hold a juvciiilo indus trial oxhtbition in connection with that insti tute. BRIDGEWATER, Monday. A son of Constable Burmnn, 5 years of ago, rocoivad a sovoro injury to his faco nnd eyes yesterday through luo explosion of n cartridge. In oompany with an older boy ho extracted tlio shot from tho enrtridgp and thon npplicd a lighted mntoli to tlio powder, which exploded in his face. Tlio medical nttondnnt of the lad has hopes that his eyesight will be saved, but his face will retain the disfigurement caused by tho powder. EOHUOA, Monday. The entries for tho forthcoming show by tho Monma Agricultural nnd Pastoral Association closed this morning. Thoy are 370 In number, nnd comprise : — Horses, 100 ; cnttlc, 31 ; sheep, 50 ; mnoliincry, 21 ; buggies, 9 ; dairy produce, 48 ; poultry, 32 ; needlework nnd cilucationnl, 40\. In blood stoek there nro 7 entries of hunters enrrying 10 st., 13 bnoknuys carrying 10 st. nnd 7 carrying 12 st. The revenue aolleotod at the Moama custom house for July amounted to £2961 Is. lid. SHEPPARTON, Monday. William Jones, a saddlor at Dookio, who wns committed by the local bench on Saturday to the Kcw Asylum ns a lunatic, attempted to hong himself ou Sunday morning in tho Sliepparton look up. Ho was taken to tho Kew Asylum to-day. WELSHPOOL, Monday. Tho exceptionally heavy rainfall during tho onrlv part nf Inst week nnusnil linnvy II nnd s nn the neighboring rivors nnd creeks. The Franklin wns higher thnn sinco tho 1885 flood, nnd Borious damngo resulted to tho Uppor Franklin-bridge, owing to tlio bnnks wnsbing nway on tho castorn sido. Tlio dnmngc dono elsewhere was com paratively slight. The rainfall is estimated nt 5 inohes. YEA, Monday. Tlio free pass system wns brought undor tlio notico of tho local shire oounoil on Saturday in a circular received from tho mnyor of Scbnstopol. The chairman, who is nn old Government oilioial, oitod several instances within his know ledge of abuses of the privilege. It was dcoided to request Mr. Hunt, M.L.A., to uso his influ ence m tho dirootion of securing the abolition of the systom. Ovor 2000 shares in tho Yea Dairy Factory Company have beon subscribed for, and a meet ing will bo held next week to adopt tho articles of association. 