. TEMPERANCE s CORNER. BY W.o.T.U., WABBAGUL. THE DRINK CURSE OF ENGLAND. Br AICHDEACON FAR5iAR. ' In a sermon preached, on the 23rd August, at -Westminster Abbey.: from the words, "God spake these, words and said, I am, the Lord .thy God, thou shalt have none other gods but Me," the Ven. Archdeacon' said-If nations were not practically atheistical, if their sons did not, in the.. majority of cases, think it possible to serve the Lord and to worship, other gods, if they only knew that God is not to be mocked, and is not content with those who lie to the Holy Ghost and keep back part of the price of their souls, could sin and vice flourish in Chris tian nations as they now flourish ? Take but one instance and that very near home. Foreign inquirers and English writers are at one in. telling us that in spite of our overflowing and enormous wealth, in 'spite of the multiplication of our religious ordin ances, there is more hideous pauperism and festering squalor here in England than in any other, country. in . the world. Last Sunday a good nobleman, unable to get into the abbey for the crowd, walked about this neighbor hood, and told me that, having just returned from long visits to. European and other lands, he had seen in two hours sights of misery and human shipwreck in this our serenely self complacent England such as he had not seen in any other land. What is. the main cause of this ? The main cause of this, asevery one knows who cares for and knows aiy thing about the poor, is contained in a single monosyllable. Ask the faithful and experienced clergy of our parishes, ask the. police, ask the magistrates, ask the judges, ask the gaol chaplains, ask the superintendents of our criminal lunatics, ask the teachers of schools in pauper districts, and every one of them will give the answer in the same mono syllable. The cause is-drink. It is drink that yearly pauperises thousands, that yearly kills its tens of thousands, that blights unnumbered lives, that blasts the peace of hundreds of families, that kindles the fires of hell on countless hearths, that, causes an infant mortality in one year to which the Moloch slaughter in. a hun dred years was as nothing, which de grades many of those races which rep resent, as it were, the helpless infancy of the world, and causes them to curse our name, which pours into Africa the cursed rivers of gin .and rum, to the destruction of its peoples; and yet even to this day, after fifty years of earnest work and warning, the con science of England is not aroused, nay, is callous, and I believe that the consciences of nine-tenths of you who are here assembled' in this abbey are at the moment not 'aroused. but are callous to the curse and criminality of leaving such a state of things to flourish unchecked by legislation or individual effort, like some bloated and poisonous fungus growing on the decay of our past prosperity., Why ? Because in the hearts of .thousands greed and gold, and custom and 'sel fishness are gods, and while, the churches are busy in endless squab blings about the infinitesimally little, we, have not learned the meaning either of the First. Commandment, "MThou shalt have none other gods but Me," or of the second, which is like unto it, "Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." . And if we be too selfish and small-natured to care for what nations do, do many of us here present as individuals know the meaning and force of this First Com rnandment ? Not one of us perfectly ; very few of us at all, for really to have acquired a principle of life, which would render impossible a life of wilful and willing sin. 