A SLIP BETWEEN TWO OCEANS: OR, T H E W R E C K O F T H E P R O M I S E D L A N D . A TALE <JK A MEI.llOl'KNl: BAXK IRAl'I). CHAPTER XV.—(ConiimufdJ. HY SKVTP BOHI-ARK, Authorrf "The Mysteries of Melbourne,'' "Tales •i( the Jlosh,™ "The Night Fossicfcers of Moonlight Flat," " Yackandandah Station," Ac., It seemed to me that we -were hours climbing up them, never once daring to look below us lest wo should torn giddy at contemplation of the borrid depth, and fall like meteoric stones through the air. At last, however, we got to the top to discover a wide, - trammobky, sandy plain, pierced here and there by ridges ot black rock, bat not a tree, a ehrnb, or so much as a tuft of coarse grass anywhere visible. This plain might have been a score of miles long aid a dozen broad, less rather than more, ana it evidently constituted the entire island, which was thus a kind of "Table Mountain," rising en all sides shear upwards out of the water. If it--had been oitterly cold down below, what was it up here ? Oar teeth chattered in our heads, and we trembled eo that we could kindly stand. The undulating surface of the candy plain looked to us just like the grey ocean that we had been ploughing for eix -weeks, and tbe ridges of black rack closely n*embled the backs and heads of whales wallowing therein. AlQng the edges of the cliffs, however, thousands and tens of thousands of eeabirds were perched, and they seemed to be regarding us curiously, bnt without the •lightest vestige of fear, aa though they imagined that we must have dropped out of tbe moon. "We were quite as much out of our element as though we had actually done so, perhaps a good deal more, for we were by thiB time convinced that we looked upon our entire realm, and that it did not contain sufficient to support our existence for four and twenty hours. As for the birds it was not at all probable that they would hop np to our very feet and mutely invite us to wring their necks. AU at once Eraser said to me in horrified accents, ''The wind is rising, and I've an awful presentiment that if it begins to blow hard we shall be carried aoroBs this plain as though we were thistledown or feathers, and swept into tbe sea oil the other side of it." Hardly had be uttered the words when I began to entertain the same beliet, for we were above the very clouds, and who could tell what dreadful force the wind might attain at Bitch a height ? We went about searching for the shelter that we longed for, yet scarcely dared hops to find, as men wander in a nightmare, but presently we came to a circular hollow, wherein the sand seemed to have been baked into clay, or rather porcelain, and at the bottom was a round hole full of water and what looked liko the entrance to a cave just behind it. This was a find indeed, and so we slid down tbe twenty feet or so declivity, and a minute or two later tenanted a cavern about as big as an ordinary gipsy's tent, which to our surprise was as warm as though artifically heated with, hot air. More strange still, the water in the circular hole outside was boiling hot, and bubbled like a simmering cauldron, so that here we had the means of cooking, provided ' that we could only find something to ccok, which it did not seem at ell likely that we should. However, we were at last warm, and that was all that we cared for yet awhile, for our fatigue now completely overpowered us, and we lay down and went to sleep as though we hadn't a single care or anxiety to worry ourselves over. ' I was the first to wake up, and as it was -ulmpad daylight and the sun just rising in the -least, I calculated that I must have slept some tw&ity; ""hoars right." off. Eraser was still snoring away lustily, and so I thought I would issue forth alone and make a little tour of exploration. It jiroved a very much more profitable one than I .had dared to. hope for, since no sooner bad' I approached close to the edges of the t^iffe than I discovered, where the tens of thou- «ands «f . birds had been perched the night before, -almost as many nests of eggs. The wsts seemed to be welded together of sand and "feathers, with birdlime for cement, and aome-of theeggs were as large as a turkey's. •I*teitarned with my pockets full of these, tat I was destined to secure yet another prize on the way, for I met a stupid-looking bird who sdvanced to meet meiwitliout the slightest fear, and when he found that I wouldn't get out of his way bagan to peck at my legs. He was as big as and much more foolish than a coose, and I .laid hold of him and wrung bis neck, my mouth watering with hanger the while. I found Allan Fraser awake and positively meaning with hunger.:, Ho had not yet troubled to looi fibuut to discover whether I was in. the cavern or no, when therefore he beheld me coming in at the entrance with the tig dead bird in jny graep his delight knew no bounds, and it was still increased upon production of the eggs. When I gave him one be bit a piece out of the shell and began to suck at the orifice . greedily, nor was I loth to follow lus example. By the time the shells were emptied our hunger was appeased. We then plucked our bird and drew him, after which we immersed him in our well of boiling water, holding him by his legs until he was cooked. • He tasted . very strong of fish, but we didn't mind that. Thirst, however, eucceeded to hunger, and as we could not drink boiling water from our geyser spring, for, in point of fact, that was what the circular pool was, we began to wonder how we should manage to draw it and let it cool. It was a puzzle, for our caps were gone, and our clothing was porous. As to our boots the idea was altogether too unpalatable. Suddenly I bethough t myself of my companion's watch, and said to him, having no thought of what it contained the.while, for the biggest diamond was as valueless as a grain of sand to men circuinttanrcd as we were:— " Your watchcase would hold half a wineglass , of water. Quite enough to quench thirst" " Won't ypur watchcase do ?" hp asked. " No, it would not hold half a thimbleful" I rejoined, and then as a fresh, idea occurred to trie I added— "And besides, with a hole bored through the opposite rim I could run my chain through it, and the two chains together would make it a kind of sling or single scale, in which we could lower,.pijr eggs into the geyser to boil. We can't do without your watchcase. A diamond of its size wouldn't be a quarter so precious." Allan Eraser. startled and trembled at my .last remark, and then he wailed out.ia most piteous accents— "Oh, it is too, too true. God had taught ___ u me that lesson before it fell from your, lips, j Tom Collins. My sin has found me out, and i terrible is my punishment—too, too terrible!" With this confession, which seemed to be ! positively wrung from him, Allan Fraser firpw : the turnip watch from his pocket, opened. it, I and in an instant the gleam—and as it seemed ! to me then the saturnine and malevolent eieam i — of the tj-.iv. Idol's eye net i mine, and J T I < knew "' rTT it I last that my suspicions of Allan Fraser had el! along been correct, and that Jack Ogilvie was »eally and altogether kmocent of the diamond robberv. " You don't look surprised at what you see and I'm not astonished at it, for I've felt thS you suspected me all sSong, and that in fact " you were accompanying ine to Europe as a spr : of the Bank. That was Why I tried to heave you overheard that nigla£. Yes, I've been a great sinner, a very great Eisner, but whosoever 4»nfcsseth Wis sins, God is faithful and just to , i forgive him his sins, and tecleanse him from all unrighteousness." "Ay®, but there must be <Jeep sorrow and .contrition in addition to ooetcs.sion, and also the firm rcsoke to make saUaCa^tion for such •Bins, should the opportunity ev-ea rise. That is •ihe doctrine of the Catholic church at all .events," 1 said. "I am not a KLomnmst," «ai<SJ ra«er. as 1 thought somewhat sullenly, but *av Church fcids the sinner to -cast his temjita«-on from iiim, and so" tlere he pajseS, plucked the Idol's eye out of the watchcase, at j would have cast it into the geyser spring iitd I not eeized bold of his arm And wrenched ut.* gem nut of his hand. "Stop," I exclaimed excitedly, "tlieoamc Almighty power that has in so remarkable a manner punished a sinner, day in juet.se «ondrous an one vindicate the ktoooeot from undeserved suspicion, and reicctate him in 4tf.<>. pood opinion of his fellow moi. Besides, the diamond is not yours to throw away, temptation or no temptation." With these woeds I thnist it itr.o one of my own pockets, and resolved to giitwi it, with any very life. j .. Allan Fraser shrugged his ehouldete sighed and then eaid, " Well, well, do with 'it what you like. We shall never get away from here ' and BO the thing is not worth quarrelling about. The old watchcase is thrice as valuable, so let us convert it into a cup and an egg • boiler in one instead of any longer disputing over such a trifle." It did not strike me at the time that this was by no means the manner in which a true penitent would behave, but, circumstanced as we were, I felt no disposition to censure Fraser, far lesB to quarrel with hira. We were too dependent on each other to be anything but the best of friends, for I suspect that neither would have been deprived of the other's companionship for all the gold and diamonds in tbe world; and with the warm cavern to dwell in, a spring of boiling water at our front door, edible birdi tame enough to nin into our arms, *nd sBflBfatsit eggs slong tbp cliff ledges to provision an army, we might manage to exist in that dreary region until we at last died of old age. . Such a fate was at all events more probable than that we should ever be rescued therefrom, for we both remembered now having read that ships seldom apnroached within three leagues of that awful promontory which stretches so far out towards the South Pole, separating the waters of two vast oceans as though it was the arm of Omnipotence itself. CHAPTER V. TWO LONELY CUl : S0E9. A I'l.IcnT THROlK.ll Alii. THE SCHOONER. Weeks and months rolled by, yet we still lived, subsisting on birds and eggs. Tbe former, though only one particular breed, persisted in walking up to us and pecking our legs whenever we took our walks abroad, and on an average one a day got into hot water through his impertinence. All this while we never expected that «c should ere long get into hot water ourselves, yet so it happened. One night Allan Fraser complained pf tbe great heat and dampness of the caverp, and soon after it filled witn a kind of steamy vapour, and we began to hear strange rumbling and gushing sounds underneath us. On looking out through the cave's mouth we beheld what at first looked like a .ghost, for it was the height of a tall man, luminous and transparent, and whilst trembling and undulating gave vent to the strangest sounds. But this apparently six feet high ghost quickly shot up to twenty, fifty, eighty, a hundred feet, its head waving to and fro, and dropping scalding spray upon our upturned and pallid faces. At last we felt our feet scalding, and looking down discovered that we were standing in steaming water. "Run, it is the geyser. The basin will be full and the cavern flooded in a few minutes. We must look lively if we don't want to be boiled alive," X said to my companion, and he wasn't slow to take the hint, up the smooth side of the twenty feet deep circular basin we climbed, with a scalding shower raining down on us all the way, and we did not realize that wewerebeingfloodedout of only house and home until tbe flooding was an accomplished fact, and in lieu of being boiled, we were half frozen with the cold night air. Had it not been that winter had given place to spring, we should never have survived that night. Owing to the change of the season we did so, to discover with the morning's dawn, that the basin was full to the very brim, our cavern wholly submerged, and the natural fountain of boiling water rising to as f,reat an altitude as ever. "Itll he weeks before our cave is hibitable again,"' groaned Allan Fraser, to whom I replied as cheerilyas 1 could. " But doubtless there are many other such caves on the Horn, which only require a good searching to be found. Why shouldn't we start at onec, and as the north of the island must be wanner than the south, cross this desert and get as quickly as we can to the other side. Five hours will do it." My proposal was received with favour, and away we wpnt. It was not a pleasant tram]), for it was like traversing the floor of an enormous parrot cage that hadu't been cleaned very lately,- sand, and birdlime, and moulted feathers being the characteristics of tbe scenery. Five hours didn't accomplish the journey, but six did, for though the distance could not have been twenty miles, the ground was heavy. When we reached our goal we found ourselves once moreon the brink of the most terrific precipices, but no clouds floated between us and the sea now; for in the less dense atmosphere of spring they had risen to higher altitudes, leaving the atmosphere perfectly and wonderously dear. I have heard it said that in Australia you can see a human being at a distance that in England you would not be able to distinguish' a house. Perhaps owing to the same atmospheric reason it was that from the coign of vantage where we stood, not only could we see at least twenty five miles distant, the Island of Terra del Fuego, but also trees that apparently clothed the sides of the ravine. sight brought tears to our eyes, for we had never expected to have beheld a tree again, but they were far from being tears of unmixed joy, because, alas, we dared not entertain even a hope of ever beholding them any nearer. Nevertheless we lay down to rest in a spot from which our eyes would be able to gloat on them directly we awoke in the morning, little imagining bow much more delightful a sight would then meet our gaze. It was I who beheld it first, and for a moment I hardly dared believe in its existence, lest disappointment should quickly ensue an! positively break my heart. I would not awaken my companion until I was quite convinced that what I looked upon was actually a vessel, a schooner, and that she was.making* direct for the island. When I did at last rouse him up and point her out, his conduct betrayed at first the most ecstatic jnv, but before long an expression came into his eyes that caused me to shudder, so cruel and at the same time so rapacious was it. I fought against the impression with all fmy might, but I could not conquer. Nearer and nearer drew the little vessel. "We had better try and signal her," I sa : d at length. "Well, perhaps eo," Fraser answered in a dreamy sort of way, and then he went on, "She must either be a missionary schooner from the Falkland Islands, or a vessel on the look out for guano daposits. If the latter they are sure to try to land, and if the former the chances are in favour of it also. Yes, greatly in favour of it." " Oh, they evidently intend to land or they would be giving this island a much wider berth. The sea is like glass just Under yon headland. They will anchor there with a spring on the cable and come ashore in their boats." I was still running on in this fashion when Allan Fraser suddenly interrupted me with " They surely can't distinguish us yet. I won't believe that they can see anything of us yet." " No, for we shall have to stand on the very brink of the cliff before they can do that," I rejoined carelessly. " And yet you feel quite convinced that they intend to land ?" "None but a fool could doubt it now, Allan."' I remember nothing more except a crushing blow on tbe head, a vague notion that some one was rifling my pockets, whilst I had not the least power to resist, next of being dragged along the ground several yards by my legs, and then of dropping through space. It did not feel a bit like reality, but resembled a nightmare. But this confused feeling was not very long passing away, and then I discovered that I was lying across a saddle-ehaped, projecting piece of rock, that the precipitous wall of cliff rose some twenty feet shear above me, and that the sea was rolling in on the black sand at least nine hundred feet below. In an instant^it. struck me. that Allan Fraser had attacked me suddenly from behind with a stone, and after stunning me, had recovered . the Idol'x Eye, . and then, hurled me, as he < imagined, into space. I Had not the hand of Providence been held «* to atch mc in the|shap?I of! that.projecting ! ie d ge of rock my fall would have been one of nearly a thousand feet, and I must have been dead long ere it was.accomplished, strangled choked by tbe mere rapidity, of passin; through + 1 — the air. it"— Even as — it "was my case was not very much better, for the rock across which I lay, just as a sack of flour , plight- lie across a horse's back, was 6© -slippery that I. dared not attempt to alter my jrasition Zest I should slide off T and ,/ drop ' into n tn the f H horrid, 0 "™ gulf gui below. * ' r S ^ ' ^ ^ hT, fn h.Vi J^ooner u^d l dared not cry for *raser,.Discovering mat 1 was .alive, might lean over thecliri'and stone mu to .death as I lay there, not so milch .perhaps -through innate cruelty acin.pure self defence, These iw cumulated ftst-s und horrors.caused ! ine.tc,«woon, and when I i&cavcrud; conscious- ! «»H3K, it was to thank heaven that- fears and ! liorroi-3 were alike past, for 'I lay on tho top of the,otr.as mountain once more, v. il^Ii the noose | of a lpn.£ rope tightly encircling my body i beneath my armpits and acr«wd;;f wondering j and sympathising sailors standing .all .around { me vvaitip-"for an explanation. • " Yes, .ho.>lipi»cd as he stood on t'r_ii Iji Lnk of the i-.liff 'ue «as not been light ie -liLijnind for week-?, our ..misfortunes h.v.v. pr»;«,i-ated llis | reason. He.v.-ill tell you the slraiig-cst tilings, but vi-t;mutt.rial believe them, for u rinite mud.'" •So AlL'.n l'ra,sw was saving, whii.-,t wearing the nm't hang-dog expression of couuten.ince that it i» ]x>ssible to conceive. To this a pleasant-looking litti? man, who was et itently the captain<af the schconer, made the replv— "All that maybe ttje enough, yet I < almost have sworn that through my telesecpe I saw you ,iu.*..|>imoyer. " He did push me over," I atonce called out. " He did it after recovering by force the possession of a diamond that jie stole from my father's bank in Melbourne. Mad does he say <tiiat I amSean* iis pockei-s and you will at events discover that tku is no insane «^erance on my part." took me at mj- word. Allan Fraser waw rushed upon, overpQwerecl. atd thrown on t ' ie . there sure enough u one of his waistcoat pockets was found tbe idol's Kye. "Why," exclaimed th*. mastot of the schooner, "this must be tta diamond that a young Rait named Ogilvie was tried ia Melbourne for stealing just before we left thai port, six weeks ago. He was found guilty too, and Bent to Pentridge Stockade for fifteen yews. His case was the talk of the whole city, and every one believed him guilty, and that finding it impossible to dispose of the gem profitably be bad planted ifc somewhere.'" "Then,"said I, "it will pay you far better to return at once to Melbourne, taking us and the diamond along with you, than to cruise Moot guano hunting, for the gom is worth fifty thousand pounds, and the liank will be sure to give joy g fauitftpjne reward for it, I will cut a lone story short by at once stating that the captain of the Flying Fox was of exactly my way of chinking, and a few minutes later we were all descending the steep gulch or ravine up which his party had clambenedfrom the beach, and in half an hour Idol's Eye and all were aboard of the schooner. We immediately set sail for Melbourne, but it takes as many months to get from Oape Horn to Hobson's Bay as it does weeks to reach Cape Horn from Hobson's Bay, because you have to stretch so far northward to get ••Jear of those winds that for ever blow and those huge billows thateternally roll from westto east down in those dreary regions where it is a watery waste all around the world. As it was we kept a little to the south of the tropic of Capricorn, voyaging past and between the beautiful Polynesian Islands, and carrying with us perpetual summer. Then, eventually running down Australia's eastern seaboard, we came to Bass's Straits, up which wc gallantly beat towards home. It was evening when we dropped anchor off Sandridge, but I at once went ashore to the lice station, and made my report to the K specter on duty, and the consequence was that he immediately dispatched two constables on board the Flying Fox, who landed Allan Fraser in turn and lodged bim in durance vile. This effected I hired a car and drove home to my father's bouse at South Yarra, which I entered unannounced to discover both my parents at supper, and to gi ve them no -end of a surprise. " Why, we never«ven guessed that you had left England, my dear boy," exclaimed my father excitedly. " And have been thinking how strange it was that we had received no letter from you," added my mother. My answer was to cast tbe Idol's Eye down on the table in front of them. That was shock No. 2.. "There"itis, "I saidtriumphantly, "andthe real thief, Allan Fraser, is in Sandridge lockup ! I believed him tobetherogne from the very first, and now I've lots of witnesses to prove it, as well as that he attempted to take my life. That matter I don't want to press against him, but Jock Ogilvie's reputation 1 will clear." There is no need to dwell upon what followed. I had of course to give 'the entire history of uiy adventures, which would be to the reader a twice-told tale, but they were thoroughly credited, and that was all that I cared about,jfor I had had.some fears that my parents' leng and deeply-rooted conviction as to Allan Fraser's saintly and irreproachable character would induce them to believe that I had absconded with the diamond, that my fellowclerk and travelling companion had discovered the theft, and 1 had then audaciously and falsely shifted it on to his shoulders. 1 should have found a difficulty I feared in disproving such a charge. Happily it was not entertained, and after supper my father asked me to do what during its entire continuance I had been longing to undertake, namely, to walk as far as the neighbouring but much more humble suburb of Richmond, and tell Mrs. Ogilvie how soon her son's character would be vindicated and his innocence proved. As it was only 9 o'clock we made no doubt that the old lady would still be up, and as for a welcome, I should take that with me. And it proved a welcome sure enough, and I was soon made to feel that the being selected Ly Providence as the humble agent for giving so much happiness much more than repaid me for all that I had gone through, both at Cape Horn and during the double journey. Well, the next day Allan Fraser was arraigned on tbe charge of embezzlement, and had the audacity and effrontery to accuse me of being the thief, and to declare himself to have been the discoverer of the gem in my possession. In short he attempted to make the Court believe just what I had thought it pos- j sible that my parents might have believed, in ' their high opinion of hini. He had far better, however, have left such a { scurvy trick untried, for now in very 6elf- j defence I was driven to prove his attempt on j my life, which I intended to have said nothing ! about, for hit having been the diamond robber j supplied-the only motive for such an attempt, I did prove it to the entire satisfaction of the Court, for the captain of the Flying Fox swore ' most positively that through his telescope he ! had seen Fraser throw me over the cliff, and his first mate supported his evidence. The result ^therefore was that instead of - being merely punished as a thief Fraser got a supple- I mentary sentence as a foiled murderer, his punishment being a cumulative one of fifteen years for each offence, or thirty years in alL When he found there was no way out of the scrape, and from after experience that Pentndge Prison was a very stern reality, he made a full confession, though most probably from | no higher motive than to curry favour with the chaplain, who always has it in his power to make a prisoner's lot mnp-h more pleasant, «» at all ~ events much ' more, bearable " " than " it " would "" otherwise be. He declared that he had never locked the strongroom door on the afternoon preceding the night on which the diamond was supposed to have been stolen. That he had abstracted it tlucii, and also dropped a pencil witb Jock Ogilvie's name on it, the burnt out cigar light, and so forth, in the dark passage just without the merely handle-turned door, returning to the outside rear of the Bank late at night merely to force open the basement window and fix the fragment of torn cloth on the catch, he having chosen it out of a tailor's pattern book as being so much like the*materiai which composed a well-known "suit of Jock Ogilvie's that, he himself could hardly have detected the difference. " A few words will now conclude my story. Jock Ogilvie was let out of Pentndge Prison as Allan Fraser was let in, and the latter is still there, his sentence net expiring until 11)00. As for Jock he has been one of the steadiest of the steady, and he is now one of tho partners in the Bank. Major Montague has long since gone to Europe, taking his diamond with liiin, though whether he sold it to the Rotterdam merchant for fifty thousand pounds is more than I can say. TILE END. 