^be Bbverttseiv Saturday, August 29, 1891. The presence of the distressed steam- . ship Bancoora at this port will doubt- , less be referred to at the meeting on j Monday evening, at the Mechanics’ 1 Institute, to advocate the lciising of ; the Alfred Graving Dock, as an j instance of the advantage to be gained , by handing the dock over to a private 1 firm. The Bancoora will be in dock for five or six months, giving employ- j meat to some hundreds of men during ^ that time, and it is highly desirable that ( the work should be done in this colony. The Alfred Graving Dock, though not f the only one in the colony large enough to accommodate the Bancoora, ^ being here on the spot, has naturally a great advantage. But the scale of 1 charges is so unsatisfactory that the t surveyors who have been engaged to inspect the vessel recommended that j she should be taken to Sydney, where d the work, it is said, could be done for less money. This is not as it should be. The remedy suggested is not new; it was fully debated by the dockowners and shipowners respectively when Mr Patterson was Minister of Customs. Mr Patterson was advised by the ship owners to lease the dock, together with its plant and machinery ; and the dock owners interviewed him to point out that by such a course the Government would be furnishing capital to compete with private enterprise. Mr Patterson had not committed himself either way up to the time he went out of office, . though it is probable he' would have opposed leasing, as he looked upon the 1 dock as a national concern, which was not intended, he said, to yield a profit like the railways, but simply to be i available in cases of emergency. The dock-owners urged that docking was ' rightly their business, and they were j well able to attend to all ordinary work, and had expended large sums of ; money for the purpose. They claimed to compete with the private docks of ^ Sydney, and to do the work as cheaply as waspossible at the Graving Dock, if it ; were leased at a rate that would pay • interest on its cost. Yet it is surely time to arrive at some understanding by which the views of the ship-owners may be met without I injustice to the interests of the dock | owners. The last discussion between them was really as to whether the , ordinary rates of docking in this colony were not much higher than those of Sydney. Such discussions are some ’ what wide of the mark. And of course [ the existence of private docks should | not be urged as a reason why the 1 Graving Dock must lie idle altogether, or nearly so : yet the conditions under 1 which it is available are considered so 1 severe as to amount almost to prohibi bition—hence the recommendation of the surveyors of the Bancoora. Taking the Customs Department at its own . word, it may bo asked why the price [ of the " national ” dock should be so high as to drive trade away ? If the dock was built not for gain, but for the nation, all the more reason why it should bo available on reasonable terms. It is not to the interest of the nation that, with all its expensive plant and machinery, it should be idle, i ns at present, so much so as to become a financial white elephant. Without desiring to prejudice the interest of ■ private owners, we believe a leasing system could be adopted by which large vessels, such as the Bancoora— where no other dock in the colony can afford the accommodation—might be repaired. It is to the interest of the nation, and particularly to the interest of this town, that the dock should afford as much employment as possible. The Mayor (Mr F. Woods) lias received an influentially sianed petition requesting him to convene a public meeting to consider the advisibility of leasing the Alfred Grav ing Dock, which at present lies idle for the greater part of the year. The Mayor else where convenes a public meeting to be held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday even ing next. The Public Works Committee met on Thursday night, there being present Coun cillors Booker, Hick, Treganowan, Styles, Cullen, Clarke, Challis, and Simpson. Councillor Booker was elected chairman for the ensuing twelve months in succession to Councillor Challis. The Town Surveyor’s report was read and adopted. Councillor Cullen took exception to the appropriation of surplus loan money for new works as being contrary to the Local Government Act, which requires that it should be deposited in the bank at interest until the loan had all been expended. The Town Clerk replied that the surplus had already been levied upon to a considerable extent, and the only course open to the Council would be to pay it into the bank as required, and then draw against it for the works ordered upon. The introduction of the City of Melbourne dog cart has not only helped to rid the streets of a number of unsightly mongrels, but has been a success from a financial point of view. It will result in about £20 going into the coffers of the Council. About 70 dogs have been registered since it made its appearance, the fees for which would be £17 10s; and a further sum of 2s. Gd. per head has been paid on the dogs released. The cost of the dog cart was £4 10s. for three days, and it collected forty-two dogs which were not claimed, and have therefore been destroyed. At the next meeting of the Harbor Trust a plan will be shown representing the amount of silt that has been deposited in the bay by the flood. It is likely to show a tremendous quantity. The channel cut to Pott Mel bourne for the mail steamers has silted up three feet, and a quantity of silt has found its way into the west and south channels. The greater portion of the stuff has accumu lated near the St. Hilda bank and on the outer buoy at St. Hilda, but some of it has been carried beyond the lightship. The Williamstown piers have escaped remark ably well. Mr Maloney moved, in the Assembly on Wednesday night: — “That a select com mittee be appointed to inquire into and report on the letting of sub-contracts for the erection and completion of public buildings, such committee to consist of Mr W. T. Carter, Mr Clark, Mr Gardiner, Mr Hunt, Mr Mason, Mr Stewart, Mr Trenwith, and the mover, with power to send for persons, papers, and records, and to sit on days on which the House does not meet; four to be the quorum.” Anybody n ho examined the public buildings would find that in most cases the work was so badly done that in three or four years at most tenders had to be called for repairs. In the Queen’s Hall out of 35 pillars 31 were cracked. In the Assembly on Wednesday night, Mr Mountain moved:—“That the select com mittee on the Melbourne and Williamstown Tramway Bill consist of Mr Clark, Mr J. Harris, ill1 Methven, Mr Tucker, and the mover, and that the promoters have leave to print the evidence taken before such com mittee, four to be the quorum. ” The motion was seconded by Air W. T. Carter and agreed to. The final competition for places in the Intercolonial Rifle Match was fired at the local ranges on Saturday last. It will be seen that the local crack shots are well up in the twenty. R. Greaves is top; A. Lancaster second ; Sergeant T. Kirk third. S. Bunting, W.O. Porter, and P. Smith are also in the team, showing that Wil liamstown is not wanting in first-class rifle “ Wheesht,” an original sketch, appears on our first and fourth pages. The Baptist Church Young Men’s Mutua Improvement Society held their annual social re-union on Tuesday evening last. There was a very good attendance of mem bers, and also representatives from various improvement societies of the town. After the inner man had been satisfied with the good things provided, a number of senti ments were proposed, including The Queen, ■ The Commonwealth of Australia, Kindred Societies, ami interspersed with a number 1 of songs and recitations by members. A j very pleasant evening was brought to a close by singing the doxology. 1 “Holiday Experiences” was the subject , on the syllabus at the meeting of the Wil liamstown branch of the Australian Natives’ Association on Monday evening. Messrs Gaskell, Phillips, F. Rider, F. Woods, W. 1 ,T. Urwin (president), H. Upton, LL.B., and . Curtain contributed. 1 A deputation from the Victorian Anglers ’ Association waited on the Commissioner of Trade and Customs on Wednesday, and . requested that the area at the mouth of the , Yarra for net fishing should be reduced; and . they also asked that the number of honorary t inspectors of fisheries should be increased. ' Mr Turner replied that' he would liear the Other side before deciding what should be done, „ * Mrs T. Ferguson will deliver her popular lecture “Is Marriage a Failure?" or a woman’s views on love, courtship, and marriage, at the Temperance Hall on Wednesday evening. Mrs Ferguson’s lec tures in the Temperance Hall, Melbourne, have attracted large audiences and created great interest, and are likely to be similarly successful in Williamstown. When the ecclesiastical history of the nineteenth century comes to be written, the enthusiasm in foreign missions, particularly of the last decade, will form one of the most important chapters. This spirit has been well exemplified in our island-con tinent of late—for during the last two years not less than twenty-five missionaries have gone forlh to the mission field in China alone. The Rev. J. H. Mackay, the missionary of the Fellowship Union, and Miss Perry, of the Women’s Missionary Union—the representatives of a Presby terian party proceeding next week to Korea —are announced to give addresses in tile Presbyterian Church, Cecil street, this even ing at 7.30. Collection in aid of the ; Fellowship Union Mission Fund. .. - 'J The body of a woman, apparently about sixty-five years of age, was found floating in the water near Lillington’s Baths yester day morning, and conveyed to the morgue. , So far it has not been identified. The deceased was blind in one eye. During last week some idiotic fellow has . been playing the ghost at North Williums town. One case is reported where a woman was frightened to such an extent that medi cal aid was called in. “The Bogie Man” ’ may be very well as a Gaiety song, but i when it is put into practical joking busi ; ness the consequences are serious. The police, who are on the alert, will probably solve the mystery. The Parsonage, Newport, was the scene 1 of a pleasant evening last Wednesday, when ’ about thirty members of the Men’s Bible Class (in connection with the church) assembled to honor the invitation of the Rev. L. Fitzgerald who had provided a most enjoyable coffee supper for his guests. During the evening various songs, recita tions, and readings were given, also comet solos by Mr Fie win, assisted by the Misses Dempster. The guests departed at 11 p.m., after thoroughly enjoying themselves. ' The annual meeting of the Myrtle Cricket • Club will be held at the Advertiser Exchange on Thursday evening next, at eight o’clock. ■ Particulars of the fourth meeting of the Wcrribee and Williamstown Coursing Club, ' to be held on Thursday, 3rd September, are 1 advertised in another column. Entries must 1 be in the hands of the secretary (Mr D. F. i Liddle) before 31st instant. • The following is a return showing the . population, births and deaths according to the recent census of the town, July 1S01;— ! Enumerated population, 15’936. Births :— ■ Males, 35 ; females, 30. Deaths :—Males, s 10; females, 10; excess of births over deaths, 45. The only local football match to-day will ’ be between the second twenty of the Wil [ liamstown club and the North Williams town. Members’tickets for the Williamstown r football club will admit to the reserve; aud [ members’ tickets for theNorth Williamstown club will admit to the ground only. Mr Cooinber will officiate as umpire. 1 A series of Evangelistic services will be ! held in the Tabernacle commencing Weilues ■ day, September 2nd, and continuing until Friday, September lltli. [ A grand concert is advertise to be held on Monday evening, September 7th, at Sailor’s Rest, in aid of the bazaar fund. A largo number of tickets has bren disposed of, nnil . an excellent programme will be presented. 