[?] English Gossip. -BT OUE SPECIAL COBHESPONDENT.} LONDON. Dec. 13. Throughout Greek literature the dead are said to no longer see the light of 'the sun. Moreover, ghosts, according to Homer, inhaBit the land of the Cimmerians on the border of the ecean stream. The -Cimmerians, TJays :Homer, are' ' enveloped in - fog and mist; ^tor ever does 'the I l»rie-Kt 'sun' (Take* dawn on them with, his beams, neither when -he advances to the starry . heaven, nor when he* descends again from heavea towards earth ; but baneful night is spread over the wretched people.' Now, if an ancient Greek, with theae thoughts in his head, could have seen London daring the last 10 days he would certainly have imagined himeelf to be in a city designed for ghost?, and not for living men and woraou, \- Jt iB at least ten days since we have teen the Eun or the smallest patch of blue eky. It has generally been necessary to have the gas lighted eren at noon. Moreover, it bas been horribly cold, and the cod has not been of the bind that makes you feel sprightly and inclined for exercise, but a dull dreary cold. The London fog takes three forms. It spreads itself like a pall over the tky ; it descends lower and rests on the tops of the houses ; it falls to the ground snd envelops every body with its stifling vapours. Of course the last fog is the worst. A few years ago there was a, dreadful ground fog. Vehicles had to be left in the streets all night, the horses being unharnessed and led home. People hopelessly lost their way in Ludgate circus, though the circus iB not more than about 30 yards across, and though it was at the time lighted with the electric light. Strange to eay, the electric light is less able to pene trate a fog than gas. In the fog I have just been mentioning, a very powerful electric lamp was \- absolutely invisible at the distance of sis yards. People cannot become accustomed to London fogs. They resent them more and more as they grow older, and each fresh fog finds them wiih impaired tempera How, indeed, en a man be happy when bie eyes are streaming and tingling, when his throat and nostrils are choked up, whea his liver (probably) is disordered, and when he sees no daylight for many days to gether? A few years ago I had to go in the depth of. winter to the extreme north of Scot land, 500 miles nearer the polar circle than London ie. I expected tome dismal experiences, but in fact I was enchanted. One morning I particularly, remember, I was coming in the steamer from the island of Lewis, and we entered a glorious frith with the mountain* of Roes on one side and those of Skyeon the other. The darkly heaving sea, over which innumerable eeabirds were flitting-, the turquoise sky, the mountains with their tases white with virgin enow and their summits flushed by tho dawn with the loveliest rose-colour — all formed a scene as beautiful as can be imagined. On shore there were other wonders. The mountain torrents had become Gothic buildings with myriads of icy pinnacles, each shining like the rarest jewellery. Then again the air was eo pure and invigorating that merely to breathe it and move ia it was a luxury. Yes, winters caa be very charming — but not in London. Most people will remember the cause cilebre in ' which Mrs. Beeant's childremwere taken from her ? by tliG Court of Appeal in Chancery, partly because ehe was an atheist lecturer, and partly because sho . had published a book on the Maltkusian theory. In eo doing the Court .followed the famous precedent of Shelley v. Weslbrooke when Lord Eldon deptived the poet of his children on the ground that he was not a fit person to have the custody of them. Now the sequel of Mrs, Besant's case is not generally known. Both her children, as soon as they grew up, left their father, returned to their mother, and are now living with her. But Mrs. Besant is no longer an atheist. She has passed through many phases of belief and unbelief, and is now — till Eome other creed attracts her — an ardent Theosophist. During the whole year there has been a remark able tendency on the part of the rich and aristo cratic to provide themselves with Sunday amuse ments. In the summer they drove out in their four-in-hands and- tandems to tfce Lyric Club at Barnes, to the Albany €!ub at Kingston, and to the Ranelagh Cub at Putney. At these places they would enjoy them selves with luncheon parlies, dinners, concerts, lawn tennis, and boating. The Archbishop of Canter bury has more than once inveighed against these things, but so far in vain. Now, in the winter sea son, many of the London clubs have Sunday even ing concerts. Of a different character is the movement to pro vide the poor with some kind of Sunday recreation. The Finsbury Polytechnic takes the lead in this direction. This society has the Bishop of London for its president, and ia a purely Church institution. At the -gymnasium belonging to the'Polyteehnic there is every Sunday afternoon a sacred concert;, 'followed by a lecture, which may be, and often i?, on a secular subject When I was there the Sunday before last, Lady Frederick Cavendish, widow of the late Irish Secretary, who was murdered in Phoeoix Park, was the lee ture83. She gave us an account of a visit she had lately paid to Kimberley, at the Diamond Fields of South- Africa. There she found her brother, the Hon. and Rer. A. Lyttclton, who had formerly been curate of Mr. Gladstone's parish, Hawarden. He was living in a mud hut with a roof of galvanised iron. At once Lady F, Cavendish, with characteristic energy, set to work to beautify his surroundings. She made a garden round the house, covered it with creepers, and decorated the interior. There she established a sort of salon where she gave weekly receptions to the ladies of Kimberley. When * Lady F. Cavendish was in Soath Africa the King of Matabeleland deter mined to learn something about Eagland. Matabe'.eland is a powerful kingdom lying just off the great inland trade route into the interior. It was, therefore, of the utmost importance that we should secure the friendship of King Lobengula. Now, tbe Dutch had told Lim that they had long ago 'eaten up' Queen Victoria, and that— as in the celebrated case of Mrs. Harris — -there WW ' no sich a person,' Bat the King wanted to bo quite sure of this. Accordingly, he got hold of a young gentleman who was in his country prospect ing for gold, gave him money, and sent two trusted chiefs with him to England, in order that he might have a full and faithful report. But there was a -terrible difficulty in the way. The gentlemaa in charge of the envoys was not a Government offi cial, and all tte officials with one voice declared that envoys so introduced must not, could not, and would .not be rficsivedr ~3ir Hercules Robinson at Capetown -was first won over, and. the envoys embarkedfin what they called ' the .great kraal that pushes through the water.' Hero they met. Lady F. Cavendish* who took a warm interest in them. By incredible exertions and. at the very last moment she obtained . leave 'for' the two savages to see the Queen. ' They were received at Windsor by a guard of 50 Lifeguards-, men,. they were graciously received by her Majesty and they returned to their King duly impressed .. and gratified. Lobengula has been our friepd ever since, but officialism and etiquette bad nearly marred everything, A lyric poem, of some antiquity, but not ascribed by the critics to Milton or any of our major poets, informs us that ' he who prigs what isn't his'n, whtn he's cotched muek go to prison/' A few nights ago I was invited to see a eupper, at which all the gue-ts had 'prigged,' and been 'cotched,' and gone to prison. There were about 300 of them, and be who caw them must have instantly lost all illusions about the merriness of a thief's life, and about the clever ness of thieves. Such a crew of emaciated, pale, weak, and foolish creatures they were! Not one \- but seemed far below tbe average in intellect, scarcely any of decent physique. They ate more like leasts than men. They cut the bread into wedgee, and shoved it into their mouths, When they attacked their meat they glanced furtively from . side to side and then bolted it hastily as if it might be snatched from them. The fact that 20,000 of* \- such -beinge are annually discharged from 'the Lon don prisons throws a lurid side-light on the bigness of the metropolis. Every one of the 20,000 is met ? on leaving prison by a delegate of {ho St Giles's Mission— who were the hosts at the thieves' sup- '? per — i? provided with a fi«9 breakfast, and is assisted towards living an honest life. '. ' What should you say if I was to cay ParZey vom Francais?' cays one of Mark Twain's charac ters to a nigger. The reply was that the nigger would bang anybody over the head who called him dat. It seems to me that a stilt worse name to call any living being is Crvptoprocta feiox. An animal bearing: this appalling name has just arrived at the Zoological Gardens. In appeal auce it is some thing between a cat and a genet. It comes from Madagascar, which, like Australia, is the supreme refuge of types extinct elsewhere. The Crypto procta ferox is suppose! to be the last representa tive of several groups of carnivorous mammals . which flourished in what are absurdly called ' geological times.' A ridiculous thing happened the other night at Mm Langtry'a theatre. At the end of the fourth act Mr. Coghlan, who takes the part of Anthony, entirely forgot that there was another act yet to be played. Accordingly he took off his Roman clothes, put on his English clothes, and went quietly homo. So in the last act there was no Antony to play to Mrs. Langtry's Cleopatra. It is universally admitted that Mrs. Langtry ia now far better looking than when she wa» 'a pro fessional beauty.' Her features have become more refined, and yet she has not lost any -of the charms Of youth. Her. theatre is crammed' nightly, , and ;she has to give two morning performances of 'An- \ tony and Cleopatra ' every week. ... ', Early next month Shakspeare's *' Much Ado About Nothing ' is to be revived at the Lyceum. Mies Ellen Terry ac:s no part better thau that of the vivacious Beatrice, and' Mr. Irving's angular attitudes and curious pronunciation somehow suits . the part of Benedick. 