WRITTEN IN RED; Ob, "CHE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE. A STORY OF BOSTON. 1 By Chas. Montagus and C. W. Dyab. CHATTER XI.— In Danger. . BsporterThamas-had 110 time to construct theories to account for what had happened.' For whatever reason, Stella North was the woman he had unwittingly followed, and Stella North was the womaii who now Lay in his arms, as devoid of life to all appearances, as the twigs upon which her dainty feet were \-- . ! dragging He looked into her face for the moment with helpless irresolution. The dictates of common humanity would have impelled him t» pny her, but it was no ordinary pity that filled his soul on this occasion. He had been awareever since the day she flashed upon him that appealing glance as her sister was leading her from the room at Swamps cott of a ' . ! peculiar interest more romantic and' tender, ' perhaps, than he as a knatter-of -fact- man was i . -free to admit to himself. i But the present emergency demandedprompt » | action. He could see plainly enough that it . i was not merely fright that had caused hetb i < \- loefe consciousness. Nature had bestowed fajwn' her a face charming in its natural roundness of . . . i outline and ready always to break into dimpled \ , I smiles ; but, alas 1 horror and deprivation of j sleep and food had wrought a wicked change inafewdays. Afishe lay with her head thrown back, her i lips parted, her eyes closed, her hyr straying I . recklessly about hpr temples, shB looked as if i Ae had jnst died after a painful illness. ! Thomas hastened with hen out of the sight of ! possible cnnoBity. A few steps brought him deep enongh into a projecting, wood that , j, - fringed the roadside, and here, in the leaves I beneath the trees where the biTtis were singing, I he laid her gently down. His experience in the i -art 'of restoring fainting "women to con- I utaonsness had been extremely limited, but he . ) believed in the efficaciousness of alcohol, and i always earned when travelling for use in an | emergency a flask of brandy. A little of this I strong remedy ponred down the throat half- ! strangled the victim, hut it awoke her. , Her I eves opened and she regarded him languidly. , ( Ho had seen a dying bird look just that way. I : "Come, Miss North, you fool bertter now,i don't you ?" he said awkwardly, as , he sup- . ported her head upon his arm. And then when | . a sudden betrayal of fear and shame surged t into her white cheeks he hastened to add — ... j - " There, now, there's nothing to be afraid of. i -Not the least m-the -world." ... j . She made an effort to disengage herself and i "to arise; but she was very weak, and she only , i "sank back again with a pathetic sigh. The | tears came into her eyes at once and she was i ; unable to conceal her weakness -or to check it. ; i Faster and faster they chased'each other down . her cheeks. Tier face was wet with them. ; Thomas watched her with 'increasing con- : i sternation. He who had time and again passed, j apparently unmoved, through the most >terrible J .. and heartrending of scenes, had now to make i » great effort to retain control of himself. But | as a matter of fact it is improbable that the j , girl defected any evidences of agitation in his v i naturally imperturbable countenance. ' 44 Gome, Miss North " he mnrmnred, " this -wfll never do. You must not give way like I this. Don't despair. It there is anything , | wrong, you may depend upon me to help you . t all I can.'' "Oh, it's not I who need the help," -ehe i , tnoaned, quite light- headed by reason of her ! kmg sufferings; and grasping his sleeve with her little hand she exclaimed with sudden, passionate intensity, 44 Oh, don't let them Arrest her. Don't let them hang her. Marion i never could have done it in- her right mind. She was on of her head, you know. You are : ( sure she was, are yon not r" ; _ This unexpected entreaty was a surprise, hut ; ft was a most welcome one to Thomas. He had i not had an opportunity for deliberate thought r since he had recognised who it was that had "thrown away the nnoompromising weapon: 'i with the suspicious smudge upon it, and fled from the North villa in the most damaging of: circumstances ; hut in a vague, general way his i heart had been conscious pi the weight of the i - accepted theory that she was in some way im plicated in the dark work of the tragedy. And ; now these wild, hysterical /words, delivered under the pressure of her overstrung emotions, ; gave hii more than a hope that she was inno- cent of -any part m the hideous crime. : Innocent'". How conld anybody look upon this child and doubt her innocence ? Reporter Thomas certainly could not, and he gave up ! trying to, with a feverish alacrity that was not , i entirely characteristic of him. Comprehending i ' enough of the situation to enable hirfto act. i intelligently, he began at once a long attempt to noothe her. And. behold another miracle 1 ! This stern man, whose stoicism was the wonder i of his associates, had suddenly become as I patient,' as gentle, 'and as delicate as a woman. He smoothed hqf hair, he wiped away her I fears. He induced her to take a little more of \- uk unuiuy. ny xepeateuiy assuring nor mat her sister was m no danger, and afterwards, by turning her attention to other things, he 'brought, her tmoe more into a condition of sanity. She was not permitted to test her : strength upon her feet, but she sat up against a "tree, and began to regard .her companion with \- great, round, wistful eyes, with an air of mingled timidity and impulsive confidence. "And how, Miss North" said Thomas, at lacrt, " it is absolutely necessary that I should leave youfor a few .minutes. Will you promise me not to «tir until I return ? I will be gone jnstas "short a. time as possible." - . j 44 You are so kind," she said, faintly. " If . it is for me you are going I hope, really, you won't trouble yourself. In a few minutes I ' shall be stronger and can go on." We'll talk ahont that after I come hack," lie said, cheerfully. " And meantime I have year promise not to stir ?" "-Since yon are so good I can refuse you mo tiling," she returned, wearily, and closed her ey«.': Thomas was off at an energetic pace. He ' first tied his horse to a tree, and then ran on to the nearest farmhouse. A well-to-do- looking woman, with a sunny face, appeared at the ' door in answer to his knock. " Madam," said Thomas, hastilv, "I have to apologise fqr my unexpected call, hut, the fact is, l am in great need of food — the best you .have and plenty of it. . I'll pay — anything. \- Only let ma have it at once.— 44 Bat I can't," said the woman ; " I haven't , a thing in. the house to eat J" " list I most have something," exclaimed Thomas ; " if it's nothing hat milk and water. The case is very urgent. Here, do what yon can for me." He thrust a five-doling hill into the good woman's hand. She thrust it bank promptly. " Here, I don't want your money," she said,', rather.- stiffly. " Such as I have you're welcometo; Come in." . ' -< She led the astorddhd Thomas into an1 einple pantry, which was in a condition of neatpSss that' was almqst painfuL But it needed no power of divination to determine thait it wits the pride -of the good woman's life,, and . the : shelves fairly groaned with? good things.. Nat a thing in the house to eat ! Thomas was V dnmb with delighted amazement. ' " Well," said the house wifecvidehtf'eBj ®y- zn? &p.; mndition nf bad reduced him, " do von sse'aiiythin you'd like? If so, yota're wefcomeL-" . : T "The-the fact iB," Btailmfejl fkHnas, " I wish you'd let me pay for it., 1—1 — you see I might .carry away a lrttle more flmn Fd like to; for the fact isFve got A friend just back here in the woods, ana she — he's staxvine' to death." The woman laughed outright. Of course, he did not believe that anybody was dying in this land of plenty. Tfck best Thomas conld do ,»o effect a cd&promise.; The woman Accepted " a .dollarfor the heathen." Thomas' took away aH he Csnld well cany. As the reporter approached the place where he had left Stella North, he began to have apine faapg that she had deserted him in spite of bpanwe; but no. There she was, still mtDugagsinet the tree, as he had left her. No, " as he had left her. Comnletely exhausted, ahC had fallen asleep. Thomas placed his bundles upon the ground, and softly arranged the repast he had secured amn the farmhouse upon a light robe he had \- ? carriage. From the bowl of treen milk to the golden brown costard pie it was genuine and wholesome ; and though' he would fain have had Young's chief cook at his cofflmandfor sin hour or two. still he hoped that she conld not fail to find , the display at tractive and appetising. ke hesitated to awaken ner. The poor A slept as only one utterly worn out can —Q1' He looked at her more attentively, and aooeleta roilAabozxs. ."What a pity, he thought, "that she'. > mhwi up in cuch an zoaBgAndchanningflfl6 is, IK whatl Jcnow they would not pdlica, ia such an expedient. He placed his hand gently upon her N shoulder, and a thrill ran through him at the contact. She started up and stared wildly about her. Gradually the truth came to her. She awoke from a happy oblivion to the horror of the past few days. The .sudden frightened look in her face proclaimed this fact. And then her eyes wandered from the reporter's face to the collation spread at her feet. "Forme!" she exclaimed. "Oh! — " Bat nothing hut . tears bespoke her thanks, i She was evidently ashamed to betray herself so ; but she was too weak to prevent it. She covered her face with her hands and sank down at the foot of the tree. " You'll think me foolish, I know," she stammered. " Not a bit of it," said Thomas. " I think your nerves are quite unstrung, because you haven't taken nourishment enough. Eat something, Mis3 North, I beg of you ; and, my word for it, you'll feel.better." By dint' of mucb persuasion and adroit management, he reassured iher, so that she actually smiled the very ghost of a smile, hnt it betrayed the presence of a merry dimple in her cheek, which Thomas thought quite charm- ing. x " How can I thank you r" she murmured. ">By eating.all you can, ".he returned. And she din endeavour to show her gratitude in that way.- From time to time she looked at him witha glance of dread and apprehension. ; "You are not afraid of me, Miss North, I hopte?" he said at last, pleasantly. He was smiling now, as he sat on a rock near by watching her eat, which she did with that ravenous appetite that comes of absolute starvation. "Excuse me,'' she. .said, after an evident effort, " but you are the same gentleman who called at our house — who used to know my father ?" Thomas flushed a little and his eyes fell- " Miss North," he Baid, " I don't intend "-to deceive ypu. 1 am a newspaper reporter.'' She uttered a slight scream and dropped her knife and fork into herplate. At another time Thomas would have laughed aloud at the un mistakable consternation produced by the an nouncement of his profession. . As it was, he repressed his tendency to smile when he saw her lips whiten under the cruel apprehension that had sprung to life within her. " You mistrasl me, Miss North," he said, gravely. _ " Oh, no," she returned, m,a voice barely audible. And added immediately, " For pity's sake, sir, do yon intend to print what I told you when I Was so crazy awhile ago?" " Do I, Miss North ? It depends, upon. whether or not you go on with your dinner. \- 'J Oh, how can you joke --about." a thing like this?" ; "Miss North, I am not joking. I never was more serious in my life.' It is absolutely im perative that yon eat." The poor girl tried to propitiate him by swallowing a few hasty mouthfuls, bnt it was evident that he had taken her appetite awav. She regarded him. with a look of pathetic appeal. . " Oh, sir,'' she exclaimed suddenly, "I. am only a poor girl, and chanee has placed me completely at your mercy. Don't tor ment me, I beseech you. Tell me the worst at once. What do yo a intend to do with, me ?" , "To save you," answered Thomas. "To save nie?" she repeated helplessly. " From what?" / " From the consequences, of your conduct." "Mine!" she exclaimed. " What do you mean ? I have done nothing." " Pardon me," said Thomas. " You forget , the pistol which yon threw away, and your flight from home." » ' She stared at him for a long time like a statue. " And yon believe — ' ' she began at last, with an awful look in her face. 4tI believe nothing," he interrupted. " so much as I believe yon, Mips North. It is not a question, of me, but of the police." " The police— police !" she stammered. " Miss North," said Thomas, 11 1 would not frighten you needlessly, but I feel compelled to tell yon that you have placed yourself, in the eyes of the law, in a very equivocal position. Unless yon can give a fall explanation of your conduct" "Oh, sir," she broke In, " I .can tell the police nothing— absolutely nothing. " She wrung her hands and looked about her apprehensively. ' " It's not Because I am guilty of anything — oh, sir, you know ihar! But I cannot say what 1 have th ought. What I have -been com pelled to believe in spite of myself. I have said thin gs to youalready, when I didnot realise what I was doing, which I never meant to have repeated to any human being. And yon— on your honour, sir ! — won't yon keep my secret"?" " I tjll do everything I can for your sister, for your sake," said Thomas. "But I most ask yon one question. What reason, had yon to believe her gtulty?" - "I do not believe it. , No, J. will not ac knowledge that 1 ever really believed it. Bnt fnr Ann ranmutlf Txmon Ti nt« ufravKyo onfi'nno seemed unaccountable upon any -other supposi tion, I— but it was a mistake, sir. I am Bure of . it. shl conld explain everything if she would." ' "There, there!" said Thomas, soothingly. " Don't get excited You are as safe with jpe as yon could .pcssibly be with any one. I simply wanted . have the assurance from your lips -that you nxe unaware of the fact of any crime.". " Oh, believe me, but." "I do, Miss North. I believe you implicitly, | and I will do everything in my power to help you." ' "You are very noble, sir." "You flatter pie," said Thomas, averting his .eyes. " I have sisters of my own, «md— " ' The girl clasped her hands. "And for their sakes — " "No, for your sake," said Thomas, turning quickly to .look to wards the road . "Yqu spoke of that dreadful pistol, sir!" she cried, suddenly. , " Tell me how you know !" . " I saw yon, 3die8 North."1 " And thepistol is — " I " In my jmiiiet.'" She stretched out her hands impulsively, while a wild light of hope lighted in her face. " Giveit to me," she exclaimed. "Forgive me," said Thomas, "hut I must refuse you that. Believe me, it pains me to he obliged to refuse you anything.'.' "Yon—won't give it to me," she faltered. "And what, then, do you propose to do with 1 it?" "I will be frank with yon now as ever, Miss North," he said, in a low voice. "I intend to give it to the police." , She swayed, but his arm prevented her from falling/ . - " Come ! come!" he exclaipied, in a quick whisper, as for the moment he held her close to has ramdly-heating "hearty " Be ft woman ! Do your-anty. as 1 shall do mine ! I have promised yoamy protection — my utmost effort on behalf of yourself and your aster. Miss North; will yoa trust -me P" j Impulsively she broughther face very near to ' hia and turned the light of her blue eyes full into his dark ones. It was an intense, fearful, searching stare ; a look such as one might cast into the future -at a fork in the road of life be tween lasting happiness and despair. TTi« gaze never faltered, put hers did. She blushed, suddenly became ' self-conscious, and precipi- ' tately looked down atrthe gr<fund. | "I will,5 'the munnnred, tointly. ' "Yon Are in imminent danger," he said, hastily. Thereis no time to lose. Follow me." And as heturoed from her she obeyed him with the trusting confidence of a little child. CHAPTER XII. — Thomas Declines to State Theories. About ten o'clock on Monday morning a tele- , phonic message came over the wires from the chief of police at Lynn to the Boston police head quarters which seriously interfered with the habitual imperturbability of Inspector Apple- bee. . "" Whatever does this signify?" he demanded of the chief inspector. ' 'That youngest North girl has fiisappr sred. " " No!" exufcimed his superior, in a tone of surprise. " How can that be ?" "I don't know how it can he; it is," Applebee declared. "She left the house some time last evening. They did not discover her absence till this morning. A harried search of the neighbourhood traces her to the railroad station where ehe took the last train for Boston." "That's- a queer family, anyhow," com mented the chief inspector, with a very puzzled air. " Applebee, nave you tried to ascertain whether there isn't insanity in the blood?" " Plague take it ! What was I thinking of not to have put a man to watch her last night ? 1 thought of it, but it seemed an "absurd pre caution!" fumed the inspector. "However, ! her flight the minute tl>e fonsral over does | Away with any lingering doubt lxn y have hadgj of her complicity in the critoe."- I . ' 'VHetter .pnt White on ic . fcritejc a( once. Then seeme Attdlet-us hve a word or beV \- Inxpector/White having been dsspatcheateg ' ihe £ttste?n.gmMfaactionjto tbM ait " if I understand you definitely, there is nobody, ecf far as known, who benefits axsent by North's death except his daughter Stella ?" " Exactly, inspector. You are to understand just that. There is not the slightest indication of robbery or theft. Both the property in the house and the personal property on North's person were intact. Nobody benefits but this girL Ju6t two months ago he took out a 10,000dol. policy in her favour in the Perm Mutual.' "And are jou sure he has effected no other insurance?" "I cannot find that he has, or that he ever did." " Isn't it rather peculiar that he waited all these years and then made her his sole benefi- ciarv in this wav?" " I don't know. His other daughter is mar ried, and he probably considered her amply provided for, and the outlook of business affairs might have warned him that it would be' pru dent to heave over an anchor to the windward. But, whatever his reasons, the fact is indis putable. There it is, in black and white. . The woman who uses the perfume I have been look ing for is the sole person to profit by Paul" North's death. It is a curious coincidence, to Bay the least, that the two clues should implicate the Same person. , And yet > a seventeen-vear- : old girl like this — oh, I can't believe it ; that's .all." " Applebee," said the chief, "I begin to ' realise that we are in_a very delicate position in this matter. It calls for our nicest discrimina tion and judgment. 5 ' . , " I should say as much." ; "Let ns see what we know. We have established circumstantially beyond a reason able doubt the identity of the woman who was in the Marlboro street house at or after the time of North's death; the woman, who, to say the least of it, must be an accessory after the fact." " So, indeed." " Instead of -some adventuress, the woman turns out to be North's own daughter, a mild- faced, innocent-looking girl of seventeen." "So, indeed.5' "Well, now, to my mind, unless the girl is crazy (and we have no evidence that she Is), she never conld have shot her father." " It's a pretty serious thing to charge her with it." " Yon don't believe it ?" " I'm hardly prepared to dispute the evi dence." « "Very well, then, there is only one explana tion. She knows who did it, and she runs away to avoid questions." "It looks so." " And as she never could reconcile her con- science to such action unless the guilty party were very near or very doarto her — " " Stackhbuse again!" said Applebee, signifi cantly. "There's "no way out of it. 'Unless something turns up in his favour, I've got to arrest that man." " It looks so. But I shouldn't like to make a mistake." . "Nor I. It's not -like taking some poor beast into custody. A mistake like that only redounds to our discredit." " Very well. Wait a day or two. Something mbre must come out. Let his find this girl. It won't take much to frighten her thoroughly. She will tell us everything She knows. Mean while, yon are sure Stackhouse cannot take French leave?" " Trust me for that. M'Mannus and Bobbins are both keeping their eyes upon him. So long as he behaves himself he may do as he pleases. At the first cause for suspicion they will bring him in." There was a knock at the door. " Mr. MendelL," said the messenger, " to see Mr. Applebee." , "It's the Writing expert," said Applebee. ''Send him in.'' Mr. Mendel appeared, bearing under his arm a small portfolio'. " Good morning, gentlemen,'' was hiB greet ing. "And what do you think of the news? No surprise to you. I suppose?" "What news?" questioned the ' chief in spector gruffly. "Why, the collapse of Northland Stack- house, to be sure. WhaSr, hadn't you' heard?" The two officials were staring at each other. "Where did you hear that, Mendell?" Applebee" asked. " Where ? Everywhere. It's all over town. Of course, circumstances make ajterybody talk about it. All sorbs of rumours afloat as to the cause of it. Some say it wouldn't have occurred but for North's death. Others say it had got to come, anyway — that it was only a . matter of time. Bat, plague, take it i, that wasn't what I came for." " What do they say's the cause of the firm failing?" asked the chief inspector, with every atmcaTftnce of intense interest. ' ' Wpll , as l near it, tney ' ve bee n 'doing busi ness lately chiefly on wind. Oh,' it's an awful smash np. They sayFetridge, the yotmg mil lionaire, was -a considerable loser. ' In ' fact, they say all sorts of things, as they always do at snch times, but I don't know, how true they are." "Who is this Fetridgdf?' the chief inspector inquired of. Applebee, as if the name were new to him. "Why, he's the man who came here to get us to search the honse in Marlboro street last Thursday. A friend of the family, I believe. At any rate, he was at the funeral." "And what are the rumours, Mendell?" pursued the chief inspector. " About Fetridge ? Well, it's reported that he's held the firm up by the nape of the neck, as it were, until North's death, out of regard for the old man ; but that Stackhouse tried to see him since and got the cfeld shoulder. They say that Stackhouse and Fetridge axe anything but friends." " Quite so," said Applebee. " But, turning from gossip to business, what's your report "Well, gentlemen ," returned Mendell, briskly opening his . portfolio and extracting therefrom several papers, " I don't know that I can help you a great deal, but I'm .satisfied of one thing. Out of all the specimens of writing which Jobson presented for my inspec tion, there are not five which could have been dpne bv the party who prepared the anonymous letter." " There are four, then ?" said Applebee. Jnst," returned Mendell, spreading the samples upon the table ; " and there you have them." " And how about your preference '?'» "I have none. You see the writing of the original is too shaky to be a good guide. It is evidently a disguised hand, but at tbesame time not disguised by a person who understood how to disguise handwriting. Evidently when he had written it he thought, because it didn't have the general appearance; to his own eye, of ' his own writing; it was consequently sufficiently blind to deceive anybody. I don't believe the peculiarity of the formation of the letters ever occurred to the person." " Who are these, parties?'' " Three of them are business meil. The fourth was formerly a clerk in the firm's pmploy, but was discharged, I believe, for drunkenness." ;V "Pshaw!" said Applebee. "I know these three men. They've none of them in need of money, and would not have taken that means to get it if they had been." "It remains, then, with this other fellow — Willard Smith — eh?" said the chief inspector. "What do you know of this man's history?" " Nothing bnt the few words that Jobson ac- oiilpTitoll c lot fall " rani i nrt H Tin said that the man was young and industrious. That he invested every cent xo Nicaragua Mid land, lost his money, and took to rum aa a con solation.'' ' "That's our man," said ithe chief inspector, positively. "Applebee, let's go to work on this at once." j There was no time lost. Inspector Applebee 1 and his assistants were foon scouring the city for information concerning 30fr. Willard Smith, late clerk with North and jStackbouse. Bnt the quest presented sdm8 unexpected difficulties, and when Tuesday morning came it had not yet achieved success. Applebee was scarcely awake on Tuesday morning when the following telegram was placed in his hands — "Haetfoed, Conn., 6 a,m. " Important ! Meet me at headquarters at 11. . "White." " Does he bring Stella North with him!" was the grave question that persisted in Applebee's mind daring the intervening time. "If so, I am confident that we are neariag the end of this perplexing case." He c9mmnmcated hi« anxiety to the chief inspector, and both men waited with impatience the coming of the man who had gone in quest of the mysterious fugitive. Alas, for their hopes ! Inspector White was auite alone. The three men were clcsetea together as soon as he arrived. " Not a trace of her ?" exclaimed Applebee, impatiently. SUpped through my; fingers like a fish!" eaid White,'? " CiraimBtBiioe8 very peculiar. Whole thing mysterious : more than mysterious — snspicioua." " v "jSpw doyou mean?" , White placed his hand impressively on A'PpLeb«r'e shoulder, -and though (he door Was '< in almost a. whisper— . -man, sfifxro thftatS made away witi -.areelf ot ;he dxad - help to — ' - the State of Massachusetts for the purpose of committing suicide." _ " Wait till you have heard me, ' said White, eagerly. "Observe the facts carefully. I traced this girl , to the Albany depdjt, and through the hackman, who bought her ticket to Hartford, was able to go direct to her stopping place. There I expected trouble. Not a bit of it. Everybody knew about her. Why ? Well, I'll tell you why. Somebody had got ahead of us ; that's all. A black-haired young man, about thirty years of age who wrote his name William G. Waterston. had been up in the moniing making inquiries all over the place, representing her as insane." "Evidently an assume J'name, muttered Applebee, apprehensively. Couldn't you get a full description " You may be sure I did, even to the cut of his shoes. But wait a bit. I haven't got to the end. This young man hired a carriage at East Hartford and started out upon the road in cbase of the girl. That he overtook her I have positive evidence. That she thereafter disappeared, and that he went on alone, I'm equally well informed." "What?" ejaculated Applehep. : " Just as I tell you," said White. "I traced I this woman to a certain place on the road between Hartford and Buckland. Abruptly all trace of her disappears. She is seen in con versation with this man, and not again by anybody in either direction. Meanwhile the man kept on alone. He was seen by several people by himself in the' carriage. He drove clear to Ygrnon, sent the carriage back to East Hartforaby a messenger, and there he disap pears too." " Great powers !" exclaimed the chief. . "We're outwitted.'" "For the time it would seem so." " For the time !" echoed the chief irascibly. "Don't you see what this means? The girl ; was a greenhorn. The man was an expert. I'll bet you a hundred dollars he had' that girl all the timein the bottom of his carriage. Why didn't he go back to Hartford ? Can't yon see his purpose ! The New York and New Eng land railroads run through Yernon. By this this time both principal and accomnlice are 6afe in the city of New York." The two assistants stared blankly. "At any rate," said Applebee, "it plainly demonstrates one thing. We're dealing with professionals." "Professional what?" asked the' chief, angrily. "What is there in the line of a professional about this affair ? Was there any theft, any property missing? This isn't a burglar" rn'" f iend ; i t's a murder.?' "bo, naee-i, sbii Appieoee. Uut pro fessionals have been hired before'now to do ar job of that kind. It s uo use for you to tell me that this chap doesn't know the ropes,- inspector." , ' The chief seemed struck by his remark, and became thoughtful. " Write out the fullest possible description of the man,'' he said to White. " WTe'll sCe what we can do 1 though I'm afraid we've botched it." Inspector White took ont his notes, and, seating himself at the table, began immediately to comply with the request. in the midst of the work a messenger ventured to bring a card to the door. _ v , "Humph,'' said the chief, "Kingman V. Thomas, of the Boston Globe, is here, and he says that his business is -important and im mediate." " Let him come in, then," advise Applebee. " I tell yon that man cut his eye teeth years ago. If he says important he means impor tant." Thb chief gave a sign of acquiescence, and shortly after the door, opened to- admit Mr. Kingman V. Thomas. Quietly dignified, and entirely master of himself, as upon all occasions, the reporter cast a quick glance .upon the group. Without a word he advanced to the table, inserted his hand in his breast, took therefrom something enwrapped in a news paper, and laid it down before the chief inspector. " What is it, Thomas ?" queried Applebee, curiously. "Look at it," returned tlie reporter, briefly. The chief undid the wrapping and took out an old-fashioned 32>-calibre, four-barrelled, breech- loading pistol, about eight inches in length, and stained with rust in several places. Everybody started and looked eagerly from the weanon to the serious face of the man who had brought it. " It is jnst as I found it," he said, quietly, " with the exception of the rust. I took it out of the water, and I didn't care t® wipe it much, for fear Of destroying the smut on that empty barrel." , "Well," said the chief, with an assumption of indifference, " Why do yon bring it here ?' "I considered it my duty, to do so, sir." "Tobqeure; Imt what makes you think so? In other words, where did you find it ?" "I found it in the water on the .shore at Swampscott." ' ' "Swampscott!" ejaculated Applebee, who began to examine the weapon with, avidity. ' The deuce you did ! When ?" " Sunday night, about nine o'elock." " Siindav !" echoed the chief inspector. sharply, " and it is now Tuesday morning. Yon were evidently in no haste." " I went out of town by a very early train on Monday. This is the first opportunity I have had, gentlemen." " How came you to be wading in the water af Swampscott after dark, Thomas ?" ques tioned Applebee. > \- " Well, sir, it won't take me long to tell you what little I know about the matter. I stipu late butQKe thing. This must not be given to the press. You agree ? Very well. I was passing the North villa when I saw a woman enveloped in a long cloak stealing out of the garden. I followed her, deeming her appear ance suspicious. She went towards the shore, and I thought I saw her throw something into the water. Waiting till she had gone, I waded out and found this. I ran up the street, hoping to catch her, but missed the last train in. She seems to have been in better luck." The three inspectors exchanged significant glances. "And. yon didn't seh her face, Thomas?" Applebee eagerly inquired. " 1 did not.; no." " And you have no idea who she is ?" Thomas hesitated a moment before re plying. " I don't know that I care to state theories. You haveenonghof your own." " Well, Mr. Thomas," said the chief at last, " I think you are entitled to our most sincere thanks for important evidence in the North case. Still, in matters of this kind, delays are dangerous. It does seem as if you might have found some way to getthis to us before this." " I preferred to deliver it in person,'' said Thomas, quietly. " I never take any chances in a matter of this importance." "You prefer to be slow but sure,' I«up-' pose," said the chief , smiling. " Well, Apple bee, here it is. It won't take you long to- verify yout suspicions about it. " " I rather suspect that Thomas has already done that," Applqebee said. ' " I took that liberty, yes," agreed the re porter. " To whom did you take it ?" " To Comfort Harwood, Swampscott." "When?" " This morning — the first opportunity I have had." " And what did she sav P" " She positively identified it as -the property of the Ihte Faul North. " 'This appeared to be the extent of Thomas's information. ' When he went ont, White said withn smile : > " Bless me if that man wouldn't stand as a model for this -description I asa writing." " Eb !" exclaimed the chief inspector, turn ing suddenly in his chair; " Applebee, watch that man !" ".What? Thpmas?" cried the subordinate, in amased amazement " That same Thomas," said the chief, drily ; " unless yon want the newspapers to get ahead of ns in this matter. For I tell you that man knows more than he has told us." (to be continued.) 