OUR NOVEL. SWEETIS-iREVENGE. . BY. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, S Author of " How CAME IN DEAD!" " THAT' VILLAIN BOMBO ;" etc, etc. CHAPTER XVII. (Continued.) ! "" A Passive STORY. A ' "I suppose I was delirious, for when I began to recover 1^-found-myself in a great house surrounded by insane7pèbplè.r My hair was cut^l'%ore;ä7nmförin/'iui^' :dbétpí*_.came-aria same- continually. They told me he had been ill of brain fever, that my child was born; death I myself; had made a hard struggle or ;rec%ery.77T asked for my husband, being sure he would come but they said he had returned to England. Nio7.4onh/ttheyassured : him I was hopelessly mad, and would never recover, for he let the; word for me, wrote me no letter -They may have told him I was dead. I would have. headache. place immediately, but they would not" allow me at times memory deserted me; thepast^was blotted out, a great cloud hung over me, and.: the' remembrance of this terrible, dream per sued me ; but gradually I-'g^ewibetter, the dream became more feint in my: mind, and I was "pronounced welL, 7Whén7£j was permitted release an: old friend y and schoolfellow: took me to. her house, and sheltered and protected dear My. songs.. 'i j 9' Did you not write to your; husband, ?' _askedEthel. 27 ; 2. 5s se:A "No, I determined to seek him; for if he knows was coming he: might forbid me and could; not disobey him. He had taken my moneyTnotrthiñking7rishuiiild; want;- it june îdônbtilitie would have sent me some if : I had asked flimsy way friend strove to dissuade me f romrfollomngiiinj, she did not know how' much'I^loved^Him. Under\theínainé. -of pLrèïfFfeenîaii: I sought for and obtained at situation aïs. stewardess on ' board steamer: coming to London, 'and;;witnthè' moij^y;I;èàrneid.and that which my friendlentin^Ihavesiuco: lived here awaiting my husband's return. But now you have told me where he is, le shall seek him and all will be well," she concluded, her countenance beaming with ,dëlig^.".7;^7;i.,.» ;;v.viL:.¿í v'-' ;: Lady FothergiUe understanding from" the artless confession she- hadrheardiithe cruel heartless character of the Captain, feared a fresh grief awarded his wife, but, she withheld from clouding her happiness by words of doubt or warning; v J ; of Would suit not be better- to4ëtr7him, know you are in England?-' she suggested. No, no, I must see him,! bayonetted so long, and so patiently for the hour, and he is so near, I must go to him/'fshe^ replied excitedly. ' "You will tell me how I can get there I shall start to-morrow': . It you will allow SueNo lend you¿spirie; money as shall be glad, we are no longer strangers, my husband is Captain Bother-., gale's cousin so. we are kinswomen arid need not stand on ceremony' at the "You .areJ?erv7gbdd/^s"ho;8aid¿.hesitat angry her hand almost rinconsciödsly touching a heavy gold brooch, her father's weddiugcresent to her... "But iTtlilnk. 1 - can find enough for my journey." '\Butiifyôn7ôlon,tj>yôn.wililct me act as your banker' said Ethel. -MThankytfur^yesi'' she answered; and then to herself she murmured-" To-mor- ; row, I shall see him! " Her face was radiant with happinesS/ it seemed as if years had been lifted from hermit's.- . - .Lady..Fothergille looked at her with pity, hoping" that the meeting on Which her hopes rested might ; offering -fresh disappointment and iriisery.7"F^rom7 the Jittle.she,knew; ofjiheL i^aptajn^sjijelwas" not inclined to credit him with kindliness the fact o£;hia^p%yj% attention to Meg troubled her; suspicions rose in her mind which she could not banish said she feared for the suffering woman before her A outfit you' will excuse area' said Mrsí FbthergitleV -"I will leave you now, that I hope, you will give me they directions for my journey when -I . return.,,; "Saying which she left the room. ; 7-,-7T"; r : Soon the ghost-like rustle' of hermit gown.waslN^^^^ a ¡ the hall,' then^'the^eñtrañce^doOT earnestly. Closed. ;?_::, ,-,.. ,, 5, . 7 '.."¿-.I "í!',¿r I 7.'. 7' Mrs;. Fothergîllo;.wàs on'líer/way^í) the, pawnbroker/.77,^7.7;^ ;V-.,-.-A7 " A sÉÁET it NIN, ON the evening :LadyFüthergillev_quíetly and unobse>v.edly left: the. ; Abbey the family circle, as usual; assembled in the drawing-room before idihnëri^^M worthiandthe^Gaptáiu Were first to arrive theformerioökinj?; as she hoped, fascia-' acting, in an, elaborate toilet ; the latter seeming somewhat uneasy, and morose. He walked; over to:tHe/jepräer;'i#hefru;ih^: widow; sat fanning ; herself,; and' gazed, at her with an evil exp>essiyiiV,| each for .'.?.'. r" "í;kúow,!* she said, smiling at him; ^<Ydu havedbneyour work, but I'm not' sure that we shan't have to make another atta_k^betbrewwr"ro^ strongholds' f-, a t^r.-:-r,^xxv- t -;'?; J Yo^dïdri'£ti^ "where you found " In his desk," she answered calmly t; The Captain gave a low whistle. "Tom contest hesitate to take a bold step¿*-heysaid* with an ugly lèer.;; rT','?'''. 'i~\itp'".v.'*; ; "I never hesitate when I am determined itfwih^sr;.r:;.;;'\/;:;'V;:vi-;P. I "UüscrúpülónsVás^he ^^s^aïf^eling of loathing arose in his mind at her Words, h Tell me' he asked, "didjyipu^^rgeit^h words writtenX^he.'bw.ktr'V/,"i'w.:.t h. y Instead of being a&oafedjbj.the;Xiues-, thou else -seemed highly amused; and,1lean ing backiu.her/ohairj gave-lutielsilvery,. laugh. " Forge them,"-;shë%id,;«tiierê: was no necessity/:oie_i might have done " so, the lines were written on the photo graph jffhenI found it amongst his papers. Doyotithinktheyïare-strongs enough to have i he desired effect on Sir Danvers ?": "Yes," he'repHhd.;'-ïi;:^:';^;^';:. At that instant the baronet entered and 'looked'; "Smftly ': round showroom.- ! The jBjjpre I was. able present,,-',and it was difficult for a Mrs. Gray worth j who watched him keenly, steerage whether he was disappointed or relieved. It was; however, ;eaeilyirpercept:; ible that his nsualbright bVoyanfraîr had; %èsèiterd:;^îm;' and that" the customary cheers the look on his! face had jglveirípláce. -to an expression of dark doubt and bitter ¡p^n.^K;'J>ui;:à^^ he advancements wharves this ? guests were conn versing, all unsuspicious that, his honour and happiness were the subject of their talk. Mrs: Clayworth was quite equal to the occasion. " We have just, been discussing," she cheerfnlíyreffiarked, the subject of rein- carnation." "Indeed," replied Sir Danvers, quite unheeding the movement of her hand sweeping aside, her skirts, and making a motion for him to sit beside her. His eyes glanced uneasily, towards the door. "'Does the theory admit that we are to have our choice in returning in whatever form we please ?" asked the Captain, I S O, yes ; we, as well-educated and admirably behaved souls, will seek entrance into the bodies whose physical peculiarities and material surroundings will best help us to work out our missions." ' "Few people would, I fancy, care to return and live their lives ' over again," said Sir Danvers, with a sigh, his face still turned towards the entrance. "life are given my way I shall certainly come back as a dove," said Mrs. Cray worth. 'VI fancy some women must return as serpents, or perhaps I should say some serpents have returned as women," the Captain remarked, looking at her with the smile she dreaded hovering on his cruel lips. "And some tigers must have come back into the world as men, retaining all their old ferocity and blood thirstiness!" she Said in a malicious tone. Her face brightened as she saw his complexion turn to a dull leaden hue and his^veballsglow like I coals of fire. She had hit home, and felt the pride of s victor, 5. I Smothering a curse that rose to his lips j the Captain turned away. Poor Sir Danvers was too much absorbed in his own grief to notice what passed before him, for at that moment he suffered agonies of suspense, wondering if the woman he had in a moment of uncontrollable anger told to leave his house would dare enter the room as if nothing had occurred; and again hoping to meet her with a pleading look in her eyes, "and whispered denial on her lips. If only a note were put into his hands explaining this residence of wrong doing, if he could only be assured he laboured under some mistake, what a load would be lifted from his heart, what brightness might shine again upon his life after the passing of this threatening cloud. But no, this could never be the proof of his wife's frailty lay in his desk, the past could not be undone, the intense bitterness, pain, and humiliation must be endured. " All these thoughts rushed through his mind as he apparently listened to Mrs. Crayworth's platitudes concerning the philosophy of Eastern faiths, and her high aspirations after a spiritual life which the Western creeds were unable to satisfy. "My nature is such that it must aspire," she said, lowering her voice to the pathetic compass, its thirst for the higher life is unquenchable, its desire to soar into the regions of sublimity is unconquerable; my soul Never in rebellion against its frail tenement the body." "Indeed," Sir Danvers said^atter a pause, believing some remark was expected from him, and not in the least heeding her sentiments. 9 The clock on the chimney-piece struck eight at that instant a rustle was heard outside the drawing-room door î Sir Danvers' heart beat in expectation, his brow clouded, and he turned away. immediately he he heard his daughter's voice addressing him. " Father, hasn't Ethel come down yet?" " No," he replied briefly. "H late she is, perhaps ker headache isn't better. I'll go and see her." in "Stay, Meg,", he answered, in a voice so unlike his usual tones. that she wonder- ed; f"íShe is not quite well.and doesn't wish to: be disturbed;" Before he had concluded his sentence dinner it was announced. The absence of. his wife from her customary place at the head of the i table added to Sir Danvers' päin and agony. 7 The vacant seat seemed symbolic of the sudden ; emptiness which had occurred in his life.. The feeling of wrath andrrriiisery surging- through his mind prevented him from thinking of any other subject than, that of his betrayal. He could not eat,, and merely trifled with what was set before him that his sudden loss of appetite might not be remarked ;. but?' he drank- more ; wires; than usual to stimulate, if possible, his weary spirits.; f: .i^8..0ray.Wörth chatterediíncessáutly ; she was resolved the-dinner, table should not appear dull because of the absence of her hostess, and carried on a running fire of comment on the topics of the day, expressing admiration for leading movements, and "censure for political - actions, sustaining a rattling monologue that required neither answer nor interruption. The Captain seated beside Meg, gave her "all- his attention, making up 'forms lack of fervour during -Lord Hector Maynes', stay at the Abbey Devoid of resentment) the girl welcomed what she considered a change of mood, and, received his devotion with nu-Íione8t;¿||how. of pleasure.,. The unexpected appearance of Maynes... had altered the contour of the Captain's plans with regard to his cousin, but relieved of the restraint Lord Hector's presence: had caused, he fell back into his former position as a-suitor, though he now no longer clearly saw' his way towards, fulfilling his hopes of gaining her fortune -He; could *notlJto:rééee what steps future circum stancesmighturgaw permit him to take.. He, was willing to "risk much, and nearly while he continued his fôiner, course, hoping that by some change of fate, some unexpected accident, he might yet be able ^tpTpbtaioiMçg'srdowry of thirty thousand p^indttl;^ ., i; s 'e s?:??-:...?? t ! r|The;pópr relation and the baronet alone maintained silence, the latter mentally repeating, the scene of. that afternoon with his wife, .thev.fprraer.iw^ should, ever again, after her lengthened stay, at the" Abbey and acquaintance with its luxurious life, be able to endure jan existence confined to a back room in a Bloomsbury lodging-house attended by a slipshod, maid of all 'works whose' bodies bewildered soul Miss Ganntley could only aspects inspire' with the; respect and attention by continued reference to her. cousin the baronet, and her residence' at the abbey. ?. .?'" ; .-,hï.r;..'..:<.-.>???::.>"£ ..-<.;> 'as .\:'~'."'; (To be Continued .-.; ??? _{,"_ 