This old world of ours lias been droning on so long now that originality would seem well; nigh, impossible. All we do and all we My T^as been done and said so often before that every credit is due to anyone who can lay claim to a really novel departure in any line-; Our fello^townsinan then, Hr. George Thomas, deserves more than a passing notice! for his attempt to adopt an entirely novel j method of leaving the world, which only for j a slight miscalculation would have given! Charters Towers the proud position of being 1 the scene of an entirely original method of committing suicide. The intention of the j would-be suicide was to utilise the bell-rope at the Lutheran Church as the fatal cord, and but for the unfortunate fact that the rope proved too long for the purpose, the bell would have undoubtedly tolled the death knell of the bold experimenter. But, " the best laid schemes of mice and men gang „ aft' a9 glee," and when the noose was tied and the final leap taken, Mr. Thomas found that he had been given rope enough to hang himself, and something to spare, and the result of his ten feet leap ended in no worse than a good shaking. A matter of fact ser geant of police prevented a repetition of the performance; which Mr. Thomas was about to give, although no encore seems to have been demanded, and it is to be -hoped that that gentleman will now turn his undoubted genius into some more practical channel. If he can only show as much originality in inventing means for the destruction of the lives of others as he displayed in trying to compass bis own, we may yet hear of him reaping as great a reward from some blood thirsty Government as was done by the Aus tralian inventor of the Brennan torpedo. Under the heading " Police Matters*9 a wail comes to us from a Cairns' contemporary. Many and grievous are the charges laid against the local guardians of- the peace there for " having left undone those things which they ought to have done." The Custom House, it appears, has been robbed of several boxes of opium, and nothing is done " Mr Anderson, of Lake-street, robbed long ago, had no redress, and was robbed again a day or so ago." Of course ihe police maybe very remiss, and the Cairns' editor ought to know, but does it- not look a little like a cer tain carelessness on the part of the sufferer that Mr. Anderson should have been had twice in the same direction ? It is useless; they say, to shut the stable door when the steed is stolen, but in case there may be mare horse-flesh left in the stable, such precaution \- would perhaps be wise. Whether ihe police are to blame for these losses, however, it certainly does seem rather hard that they should be expected to protect the Cairns people from their spiritual or ghostly enemies; as well as from those in the flesh. " We hear of ghosts frightening women into fits,9' says the indignant -one, " and nothing is done." What could, would or should be done under the circumstances I fail to see, unless to console and allay the fears of the affrighted females, and in this role an editor would be almost as effective as a policeman? Besides there is no law against properly con ducted ghosts taking their walks abroad, and Cairns should rather be flattered than other' wise that their town is thus honored. The - inhabitants of few North Queensland towns would be likely to care about revisiting their'old abodes, unless their new one was of a very warm nature indeed. The writer of these strictures on the police force generally has a private grievance, however, which like the lady9s postscript, though coming at the end, gives the true reason for the communi cation. The editor 'was robbed ef some jewellery a few years ago. The police " by an accident" managed to secure some of the stolen property, and " owing to a deadly spite the P.M. has against this individual" he has Ijjten unable to recover h*s lost treasures* After all, perhaps the P.M. is not to be blamed for being cireamspect in the matter* and. requiring very substantial proof that: there ever lias been a case on record of an editor being an the ha^py position of owning jewellery. _' " ' ■* * A JjADY, who appeared before a certain P.M. recently, had to answer to flie triple charge of drunkenness, indecent language, and 'vagrancy. To the charge of drunkenness she was willing to p'ead guilty, and as a natural consequence of having imbibed too freely, was willing to confess that perhaps her language might not have been quite as choice as it should have been, but on the charge of vagrancy she showed a bold front, flatly denying the iinpcachinent, and stoutly maintaining that she was a hard-working woman, and had but recently left a place in 3V>«DBtOie, wtfcereehe had given every satis faction to her late employers. So far this was all very* well, but why did an inquisitive Bergeant insist on knowing something more as to the late place in Townsville ? Even when the prisoner assured him that it was a society of ladies she was working for, he would not let well alone, but wanted to know the name of the society, and all about i£t and m.*i last the poor old lady was feign to confess that it was tbe Female Prisoners Aid Society .whose employee she had been. A cruel bench provided that her time should be fully occupied for the next three months, after which she wi'l again be qualified for service with her late employers. ■ * & * I A CASE of extroardinary longevity is reported from Bordeaux, a pole named Stanislas Zalewsky having just closed a career which commenced in 1780. On reading a notice of riiis sort, one naturally looks at once to the end of the announcement; where, if it do-s not turn out to be a skillfully veiled advertis ment of some patent medicine, we are sure to find some details of the mode of life of the long-lived one, which are supposed to have prolonged his life to such an unusual degree. In this case, in place of the orthodox aimouee ment that the aged one did or did not eat this or that particular food, or did or did not drink anything stronger than tea, we find that the only point considered worthy of mention with regard to his personal habits is that for twenty years his two most frequent occupations were, praying, and tobacco sinok" ing. It is not recorded that Mr. Zalewsky achieved anything during his long term of life which will hand his name down to posterity^ but smokers will agree that he did not live in vain, having proved that life is not always shortened by the use of the noxious weed. When our doctors want to deprive us of the soothing pipe, we can now point to this good old Pole who managed to put in his 111 years, and enjoy his daiiy pipe to-boot. # * # That wealth has its responsibilties must have been brought forcibly home to a New York millionaire the other day. Mr. Sage | is a man, who if reports be true could write his cheque for any thing up to a million or two, with every prospect of the same being duly honoured by his bankers, but like most men of means he naturlly prefers to get some equivalent for his money. He was, there fore, somewhat taken aback when two total strangers waited upon him in his office in 3Tcw York* with a modest request for 1,000,000 dollars forthwith—in hard cash. Expos tulations were tried in vain. It was put plainly before Mr. Sage that it was a case of •your money or your life.' That gentleman however proved himself to be determined as well as rich, and no arguments or threats were found sufficient to induce him to comply with the unreasonable request preferred. The millionaire could scarcely however have been prepared for what followed, namely the explosion of a bomb by one of his unwelcome visitors. The whole story reads like a fairy tale, or rather a night-mare, the strangest part of it all being that though eight lives in all were lost, including the two perpetrators I of the deed, Mr. Sage-escaped without a scratch, having, it seems, been bom lucky as well as rich. I 