BmoveU 3t. The'Rajali's Yvegealece. 'A ' STORY OF INDIA. BY FREI)ERICK M. .,DEY. CHAPlTER X .-- CONTINUED 'When you are dead, Simiha !' 1 cried. 'Ay, sahib, for I must die some time; and now that my syorh is done, I fccl that it will not be very long before I leave you. Nurha is hlappy,you are liappy, iiid in that happiness that ihas come to jou hath 1 have found perfect content,absolute rest.' At last the worst of ourjourney was over. We reached the coast and embarked for hlomec. I hesi tated at trst about returning to my inative laud, becanse of the criminal charge that was hanging over me; lttt Siirha's watclhful care lhad foreseen that also, and I knew for the tirst time that, al though the realn murderer had never been found, the authorities had been sntisfied of his guilt and miy es:tirein:ocence.and that I could return with. oat fear. But the story of the murder-the strange way in which the signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurle'lihad been procured-the strange and irnex plicable incidents through whichi 1 had passed were not made clear to me. The eixplanation came at last, howeverr. when 1 ,opened the envelope given me by Simrha and read what it contained. It told the story of a strange life, full of stern resolve and luring devotion. 1 will e-tell it. S CHAPTER XV. THE STORY OF salulL.(. 'The words which my noble friend Simrha apr ks tome just before we left India for America wer, trse; his presentiment was realised, and from the time we emtbarked Ieo begans to lose that wonderful strength and energy which were his chief eharacteristices. It was in vainsthat Nurha and I endeavoured toarose him from the increasing lethargy. Ile I; 'would smile sadly, and say: 'I: is not bhst to bid me stay whlen I am called to go.' ite kept us near him constantly, never tiring of seeing uits together, niever weary of gazing on our perfect happiness, but he grew steadily wetoecr ans weaker. The slhip's doctor, whom I insisted upon calling to his side, shook his Irad and told us that there was nothing the matter; that thel weakness and lethargy would pass away vie long and leave him without a sign. Ay, and so they did, Cr ,one eveing whien we Wre in the middle of thle ocean, as Nurlha and I assbied him to Ihis state-room, lie bade is enter w;tao him. 'Kerha,', he : said, wheni we were inside and the door was- closed Ibehind nous, ' we arepartingforthe last time. 1 shall sleep to night never to wake again in this world. The dlays of my life, though not cnasy, have been fulfilled and in bringing lhappiness to you I halnve crowned them with perfect success. Years ago, whenl I was but a hoy, and you, Nurha, were a tender babe, I fell upso my hknees and prayed with all ithe fervour aod intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 might be gisen knowledge and strength and force of will to acosmplishl an oath I had taken, and 1 closed ciy prayer thus: ' When it is donie, then let me die, surrounded by hapnpiness and peace, Child, my prayer was answered. I wans given the, knowledge and the strengtlh to carry out my work, and with its accomplishments my life ends. It is meet that it should; I wvould prefer it so, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Do notmourn forme; think of me as absent, not -dead, for'we but part ,for a time to be reunited. Hiss me and then leave us, for I have a word to say to thesabib.' She sank gently upon her kneies at his side, and for a moment hurried her face in thIe pillow agaisst which he was reclining. Then suddenly lising hr head as phe cried: * Simrba-Simrha-tell use who you are ! Tell i me whsy I louve you so strangely, and yet with a new-a different love from all else.' * No, child; cno, Nurla-not now. Wheln 1 am gone the saliih will -tell you. Believe me, it is setter so. Sheu did not repeat her request, but aho threw Iter arms at eund his Ineck ansd kissed him tenderly. Then, rising to her feet, she said: 'It is hard inot to weep ; but you have told me not, and Iwill obey:' and bending forward yet Sagain, she pressed her lips to his forehead, and then turned without another word and left us. 'Sahib,' said Simrha, when we were alone, 'have you the sealed envelope I gave you in Indic TUi I', ! I bowed in reply. -''t is well, for it contains all that you sish to Sknow., Now, come where I can place my hands upon your head, that you may receive the blessing of a dying man. !I bent upon my knees before him, anid lihe rested his soft palmsupon my forehead for a mo. ment in silence. ' Arise,' said he then. ' Return to Nurha and. to everlasting light. Let tnot shadows fall upon you. Watch over her for whom you have risked Joniilife and libeity. Wear the jewel you hare won eternally upon your heart. Remember meas a living. friend who loved you both; :forget that which to-morrow will be buried in the sea, Adieu. sahib.' iucid bless you, Simurlat 1 cried chok ingly. Ilt is allon-.yo-yr t;ad and miineC,' hlie said, slowly; aned lse assured tlhat lie has indeled blesed toe. Tlhat henuay bless you and her whom you love shall Ib my last pray r. As.iro, sauib, adieu.' Ifell upon mny knees before him, and I, ltoo, pressed my lips to his forehead, then rose and rushed blindly away. On the miorrow we Iond himu tlhere dead, and later in the day his bdy was consigned to tilhe ir.fnathnimable dicptho of the ocean. That night, with Nerla at imy side, I broke the seal of the envelope, and read what lie lhad written there. 1 will give it in his own words exactly as lihe had written it : ' knowi , sahib, thait my life's worke is dono; I knowtt llt s t inber of my days are counted nearly tol the end, and I deils it tbest to tnake this molde of communicating to you rather tllshan by telling it, and so sadding to the sorrow of the part ing that must cone. 'I am thefirst born to Nurebns moth-r, and sthe was thie next and last; therefore we are brother and sister, although she hasi no knowledge of the exisence of li near relative. Whaint little she iknows nabout hier family 1 have told her. 'We came of an accursed race. according to the rites of the IIidoo faithl, owing to the suix ture of bleood in our veins, and as our mother's mother was starred to death byl the Iajall N` ih. mansha's father, so imy mother grew up to womaun hood in c istant fear andt blighted biy inever end ing aversion. Hier own kin hated iher, but thsire came one lwho loved hier, a youngiiI prince of a neiglhbouring state, and the RIajah was compelled to consent to their union. 1 was the first chlild bornl to them, and a con stant guIirtd was kept over me until I was twelve years old, for nlhmaunha had sworn tlhatl the mnixture ofIbldtel should not be perpetusated, aid ninny attempts were made to end ity frail young life. htowever, at the age of twelve I was stalen from may mother's side and lhurried away to the mountains, wheirre I was to hbe put to death. IBut I was hardy and strong and canninig, and 1 suc ceeded in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. * During two years I was a veritnable wild boy, livuig in the mountains, subsisting on suchil fiood as 1 could find; and then, feeling that I would not he recognised, t made cvy way to thile Irajah's palace-the home of my enemiy. * I do not known what power attracted tme there lilt I went, without fear, and tbecamne oneof the etniners, and have continued thers ever suitce. Two years later Nurta was born. hier mother giving up her life for hers, and a month lanter nimy fattier was bitten by a cobra and died. The IRajah NSahmanha at oince saw the 1oppor tunity hie desired, and tIhe balb, Nsrha, was placed,defenceless as bshe was, in the diabolical garden of poisons. It was many months before I knecw of it, biut when it did come to my knowledge I went away out into the mountains wlhere I could sind solitude and, falling upou my iknees, 1 swore thant 1 would devote my life to Nurha-to thle work -f freeing hier from the terrible thraldom of the poisons that every energy of my being should he utilised for hier sanhke-She was the only lne left of my faulily, and 1 swore that 1 would one day see liher i the enjoymentof happiness. That day has come at last I I workedt and studied with all my strength and mind. In my youthful nrdiour I undertook to master all the sources of knowledge, deter. mined at least to know all that the nRajah Nals manha knew. * Ere long I attracted his attention, and he taught me much that I could not ihave learned *.sewhere, and gave me the privilege of his library which was very extensive and complete. 1 studied flowers and horticulture generally, and surrepti iously obtaitned many of the lRajah's 110otes, made while he was creating the P'rincess's Garden. I used to glove my hands and cut slips from umany of tlie poison plalnts, and carry them away with iie to the mouttnins, where Iihad resolved to raise a garden where some day I could take Nurlha swhen I ishould havine stolen iher. 'M1y knowledge of the IRajah's science became very great-greater than his own, though hie never suspected it. But hie found that I bad a qiuick minid, and he taught me many of the occult mys teries of which tie was saester, anid, I, myself, unaided by any one, discovered a powder, lighter thani gas, whiii, seheni suddenly blown into the air swhen no bsreeze was stirrinig, formed itself into an ilmpenetrable e veil isupoosible to see through, and therefore rendering a person behind it in visiale. It will ilsat for a long tihrec, buit gradus ally absorbs oxygis, ansd settles dsowi until the way isoncue more open. It ihas served me well many tiume, Ihaving saved me from discovery by tile iRajahs often. It enabiled me to elude the searchers aboard the steamship ; it enasbled me to seize the envelope from your hand in the P'aris lhotel wlheis you were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by tisi) persosn who brought it tnyou. Had youopened that envelvtopoyou would have been blinded for ever Iby the powder which would have flown into your eycs from it; it linally euablest us to escape the horde of the iciajahis followers, concealing us while they dashed onward through the scountait pass. 'Among the arts of which C becamue master was that ofmesmerism, so called-thle power of mind over mind-the projecting power of the will, and that also has served me well, and you, snahib. ' The Cijah Iosaseaed entire cont denc in sue, aid I waslentrustedwith masiy secret anid delicate misioiins for him, but isever once did I lnloic my seltto forget the oath I had token--mever onne didIreltna that eterinal vigilasice which I well kne I to ie the price of Nuria s liberty. 'Ii a momeat of aiuSnul cisissidescee he related to sae tie nstory of tIRubesi Cusgswell anid say grasit.n asotlser, and I then knsew fer the first time chty it was thast lie had sought to takuemy lile. C The kbiowledge that Ilebiten Cogescell stil lived, and near him ottirs echo were possessed of this secret-lse taisit of foreigis blood in islo family-iais a coiltiusl thoen in the hinjat s side, selsicht tie tinally resolved to plsck onet atid destrey by putting to death all shlso shared tshe deadly knsonledge. 'Since the time ao his fattier, ertso was even more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept simeelf well informed concerninig the Americaiss he hlited, and at last formed the resolution I hlnve referred to, and one Dllara and sysell scre selected to carry out the awful 1 D)tar was a cisnsing, unsecrispulons rilltisin possessing rnoughs general knowledge and educa. tioas to matss hlins dangerous, and tie was, more over, a miastr-ihand at disguises. It was he who killed Across Prime asid Jacob HIurley, and who durisig your entire journey from America to India so persistently sougtst yoar Ihf. I knew that Icauld better defesid you by ressaining iiithls background aid keeping up my intercourse with him. 'When I eingaged myself to you as your servant itwasufor-the doublae putrpsise of stuadtis sg yeoa clsarecter fsrtlier than I had the opportunity of doingand of hsersuancgtrs you to heed the warnings yon would aftrrwardst mrisivdaiom me, although Dhara espy ibdsutiath I tresld billttos whileat sea. HIt did thilsik that I tuird, bhit I told him that vyoulwer anliad, pt in the black arts; thatn vou could foreso disaster, and so invoid it, and hie finatlly caIme to betieve it when tihe letter was snatched free, soar it ndl In an unseen power- in the faris hiotel, and he nwas turned into an imovable and powerless litvig statue by the force of my will as tin was about to plunge his ):stife into your heart. Fromn thati time oil he was afraid of you, and nmadte no further attempt upon your life until lie putl the snake it your blankIiet in tihe camp near ljuibsy. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though I was near 1 woutld ihave been toolute. But hi was billed by tits own weapon, for in turn tin e snake Infrom tihe basket it stung hin upon the wrist. The ball that you tired did himi no harm; nevertheless, it halfs an hiour be was dead. ' To returnl, when the Itj !i titold me thailnt 1 was to set out to America oi iii, idastardly crrnnd I could do nothing but obey. To disobey would tnhave mncalt death for ue, and, on thie other ihand, I iknewc that I could never tiope to rctortl to tihe palace of the tl jaht while thioco whlombt lie had dooimed to death still lived, and that I would Ihave cut them all down witht n my own hand Ihad it been necessary for the sakne i re:urning to Nrita I do not deny. But it was inot necessary, for tlhara did tire deed cciieven sooner tuhan tie had said le would. ' Ytou will lb surprised to brow that I made my honme in thie old Cogisweit alnii:t; thalt ulnigltly I put you, all unknouwn to ciurs:lf, into a deep mesmeric deep, and then roamed at large over the home. 'I rend allot tie papers hrlich ethen Cogswell had left for you, and thus ILtocnuo e its thoroughly ciquaniteid with your purpose as you yourself. I alto studiend atind Ionei your chinracter as well as my owl, aiid I found it to be lofty and noble and true. SThe it was that I Erw the solutioi Of a pro blem whi hl I never before had lienl able tto solve -tilhe reclamation of NurhNi frnom thie poisons stiitch infested her. 'YoU were going to ludia in search of hier, as directed by theo la rs which tuiben Cogowelt left. That you would love ter 1 never dobbted, iand if you could teach iher to loe you in retulrln with tihe passion of which I ilknew hier to be capnable, then I felt thant mny- ittle would be won, for, as 1 have already explainied, the existence of perfect sympathy between her andt another and stronlger person onlly could ceicet the desired result. 'In thie meantime you were btsetting Prime and HIurley for their signatures to the document Cogswell ihad left behinl, and they iept putting you oil from time n to inue, until linally they gave a promise to meet you at nine otclock on a certain evening. I was pltcseei at that, for I greatly desired thant you shtoutl settle your afioirs and start for India without delay. Bat 1n tile m11ceantime Dtara, who was tlittiog abouit frem place to place like an evil spirit, ta bIecome veryc reetl:sn and impatientll at tihe delay, andi on tihe iay you had secured thie promise from te th wo mle lie tthi me that he intended to ktill then' that right, or tIenty-foulr lious befIore te imeO appointIed for your meetinig. 'tFor a moment even 1 was at fault reganrding the best course to be pursued under tihe circumi stanllces, but siuddenuly, when almost in despair, for I knew that llnhara would fullil his threant if be could, an idea strutck me II whichl I resolved to cilarry out, and it perfectly explainis the seenuingly imes. plicabLie lmystery regarding their signatures to (he document. I tknew that your siglnature was as necessary to theim as theirs were tol you, and that nlighlt tihe niight ibefLore they were killed by llhara-I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, ..... .ftr it ad roeiwn dartk. and tllnu. takina the necessary papers witht mn from your pocket, I left you and huIrried away to thel houseo of Aaroln Priale. Fortune favoured me, for 1 fourat Jacob Hurley with him. Of course they did not lkonow me, but I repre sented myself as a frieind of yours whoi had just arrived withl liews which made it necessary for you to leave in tihe early nmuorning, telling themn thant you had given m te t papers, and hadl told me to get their signelltures to them, or, failing to do, so, to destroy Ilthem before their eyes, letting the moiney lie in tihe sban] anld rot away,of no use to aliyone. SThey lhesitated, and I went and held one of the papers over the lamp, ibut before it could tlake fire they both consented. If 1 used my pousers soniewhnt to hasten tthem, it was in a good cater, and without their knowledge. At all events, the siguantres were secured and the papers were exchanaged, and I returned agaill to the old Cogs well mansios n and replaced thle document in your Doeket. On tlhe nighlt following, at tie appointed time, you went to tine mill oflice to meet them, knowilng nothing of what I thad done, it so Ihappening that Dbara had been unable to put his purpose into onccution until that evening, so that when you put in an appearance you found Aaron 'Primo lying dead upon the floor, and were accordingly in despair. ' Whien you returned to your home 1 was fear. ful lest you would destroy tihe document without looking at it, now that youll believed it worthless, and accordingly from tihe closet behind the fire place where I was wont to conceal myself I exer cised my power over you, and appearing biefore you, 1 forced you to see the face of your old friend, and so sent you out upon your seenOd journey. '1 followed behind you through the storm and comilltled you in imagination to meet the people you sought, transnct ath business in due fornl,nnd come away, Althoughi 1 paused long enough Ii, tabe thle papers bearinig your signature from ttie two corpses, ontl oIfentieh youu did not discover, I reachled Cogssellta maansiont rrst. WVhte,, lootling back tirough the window, after learing the othiec amid transacting tio business ms you supposed, it was a1n ottort of your oein will, as minuo was for tthe instoait retased. *Ttie remiainder is ano mystery to you. Yoiu retunied iince morn to ttle mill, aotisafi,.gynourself ttmst l'rime was a corpse, afterwards mabiungaome foish atdmismions htitch brought about your arreat. *But I was able to release ysoii, and went into Boatonm by the same train as yourself, feelimug sure that you noold take it. Nnow, sathib, I htia done. eMy work is com pletedt and you, lavia g borne out my judgment of you from tihe tirst, hiase rescued Nurus lromi Natimanth's power, and hlve taught tier that happincss and content whicrl passcth all under stalding. *When you peruse this Simrha will be no more, but thronughout all eternity thoe blessing of Simrbia sill hover like an angel of mercy and loav over and around botl you and Nurha 1 Adieu F' Thus were explained tile straunge circumetancrs whichl had surrounded me for many monttis, and although Simrha's written lin s made plain the mystery of that terrible night of tempest when PrimeaoadlAurley .were aslin,.1 could never break cntirely:loio fromm thu unleanny feeliugs whieh took possessionof me when I thoughtin all senrousnes., tat: I hail entered iantoa bargain with ghosts. - Fair weathertook us saittly on our way over the apace thart s~epaated Os from my natise clime, ma in dan time we we-ru rillian tisgetlier, P rha alud 1, before tie blazing log tire, in the great front ball of thu COgswell mausion. Itj XI. Her great, tender, loving ees r eflected the rich colours from the fireplace. My arm was arouod her perfect form, and her rpeenly bend rested on lhy Ohorltcr. SNurha, moy wife,' 1 said, with a loving hesi tancy in pronouncing the ecw title she bore, is tlhero ranything which life lacks now to fill your cup of happiness to the brinm?' Nothing,' she replied, ' notlhing-you have brought me out from a world of sadness into a paradise of constant joy.' Site rose from the low sceat at ily side, and swung herself round until her faee hung just. hrneuath minae, as it hall long ago in the porchr of the cottage in thie 'rincess's Garden, witth her seft armus clinging awound mey neck. Slowly, tenderly, lovingly, she drew rny faco dlown towards iher, raiing her own to meet it, ,until cur lips were melted l,,gether by the hot kiss of purest, passionate lovo. Oar eyes closed, and exquisite CCStaSy WlShedi back and forthll from her theart to ruice, and from cine back to hers, as our tso b:ings erre turerged trto c.rc, and it thrhbbed and breathed ano sighed in a flood of petlfct, delicious, overpoecrloeg jcy and bliss. Arrl trets were two lives crowneed with the dia dem of happiness. rill: END. 