[?] 'If everybody followed my example an nounced an enthusiastic temperance advocate recently, ' every saloon in the city would close before the end of the month.' ' How's that r' asked a rubicund-faced auditor, who had not before jpofeen. ?? They would close from lack of patronage, sir, i never drink : 'I see. l can go you one' better, though. If everybody followed my example every saloon- in the city would close before next Saturday, night.?' 'How's that ? ' asked the temperance advocate eagerly. ' They ' would run out of stock.' ' I'd like you to-cbtne* over to that house with me,' said 'a canvasser to'a policeman on Napoleon street a day or two ago. 'What for?' 'The woman bought a clock of me on the instalment plan. She still owes 2dol., and will neither pay nor give up the clock.' ' But why don't you* go into the court?' 'I'll have to, perhaps, but I thought I'd make one more attempt. 1 want you to stand in front of the house for the moral effect it will have on her.' The officer went with him and assumed a sort of heroic pose at the gate, . while the canvasser went to the side door. It was promptly opened at his knock, and still more promptly a pait of water deluged him from head to foot and run him out of the yard. ' Well, the moral effect of my presence didn't seem to count,' remarked the officer. 'But you bet it did!' gasped the other as he shook himself. ' She had a hoe-handle, two dogs, a razor, and her two big boys in there, and if you hadn't been here where'd I be about this time i' A worthy old farmer lately heard a young minister preaching in the parish church of Kuthven. Both preacher and. farmer were after wards invited by the resident clergyman to dine at the manse, and in the course of conversation at or after dinner the subject turned upon church collections; Addressing tbe young preacher, the ; farmer gave' him this advice: — ' When ye get a ' kirk o' yer ain, dinna expeck big collections. Ye isee, I was for twal year an elder, and had to stand at the plate. I mind fine the first Sabbath after . the Disruption, though our twa worthy ministers didria gang out, and the strange feelirY about me as I took my place at the plate for the first time. It was at ane o' the doors o' St. Andrew's Parish Kirk in Edinburgh. Noo, hoo muckle d'ye think I got that day i' ' Oh, well, I know . the church nioely — seated for at least two thousand — you might get £2.' 'Wad ye believe' t ? I only got five bawbees, standin' i' the drachtfor 20 minutes, too ! If I had only kent, I wad rather hae pit in the collection mysel' an' covered up the plate. Mind, dinna expeck big collections.' %' It is told of a certain Congressman, who is noted for his wit and repartee, that when a lad at the boarding-school he passed through the dining room one day and discovered a luscious bunch of grapes upon the table. Thinking himself un observed, he held up the fruit and said aloud : ' I proclaim the bamiB between this bunch of grapes and my mouth. Anyone knowing of any reason why this union should not take place must speak at once, or for ever after hold his peace/' No objection being offered, the 'union' took place, and the boy went on his way. When he returned to the schoolroom the master called him to his desk. Raising a rod aloft, the teacher solemnly said : 'I proclaim the banns between, this rod and Thomas J.'a back. Anyone knowing why this union should not take place must speak ' at once, or forever after hold hie peace.' ' I forbid the banns,' sata Thomas, quickly; ''For what ^ . reason 'f' demanded the irate schoolmaster. ' Parties fail to agree,*' was the quick retort. 'I .withdravy the banns, arid you may,, take your . seat/' said the teacher.; and Tom did.so amid the subdued applause and admiration of ail his - friends. ~ ' ' A young gentleman who lately left his home in England, having exhausted his credit, telegraphed to his parents :— ' Your son was killed this morn ing by a falling chimney. What shall we do with, the remains r' In reply a cheque was sent for £20, with the request, ' bury them.' The young gentleman pocketed the money and had an elaborate spree. When in a condition for writing he sent his father the following note: — 'I have, just learned that an infamous scoundrel named Barker sent you a fictitious account of my death, and swindled you out of £20. He also borrowed £10 of me and left the country. I write to inform you that I am still alive, and long to see the parental roof again. I am in somewhat reduced circumstances, the accumulations of the last five years having been lost — a disastrous stock opera tion — and if you would only spare me £20 I would be ever so thankful for your favour. Give my love to all.' A few days later the young man received the following dignified letter from his outraged parent: — 'My dear Son, — I have buried you once and that is the end of it. I decline to have any transaction with a ghost. Youre in the flesh. — Father.' At a recent symposium of women, traitorously reported by Life, one demure little matron of five years' domestic experience amsrzed and 'shocked the company by confessing that she never ' went . throngh f- her husband's pockets. ' I am afraid,' she added, 'that if I were to do that my boy might do the. same thing, and' I- certainly don't think a wife ought to, do with her husband's pockets what would be considered in her son a crime.' This terrific example for a moment staggers the female community, but finally one incorrigible dame, who has been married nearly 30 years, ventured to meet the indictment with a demurrer. Said she : ' Now, I don't think ft is a sin to take out of my husband's pockets all the change he has over after treating those men for over two hours and a half. He doesn't know what he has spent with the men, and the next morning he doesn't know anything about any thing whatever. I merely transfer the pile from one side of the family to the other. I have got it when you may be sure he would have spent it' Up spake the abused wife, who has a line of grievances as long as the Declaration of Indepen dence: 'I used to take the change out of my husband's pocket at. night when he came home with any in it. But among hiB other heartless offences he has of late got into the habit of hiding his money just before he comes into the room, and he never has anything in his pockets.' A dread silence followed this statement from her who would have robbed had there been anything to take. At last the unmarried lady of the group, who has a tremendous rod in pickle for a man — if she ever gets him — observed: 'Well, I didn't know that men could be as mean as that. I had heard of every other kind of meanness they had, . but that beats all.' 