THE LATE EIGHT-OAR RACE, ADELAIDE V. PORT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— As coach of the Adelaide crew and an eyewitness of the finest race that ba3 been rowed in South Australian waters, in the interests of rowinsr I must take evoant.inn - t/i the way the Adelaides' win has been discoanteil in your report. First, in regard to the weights. These seem to have been tsien haphazard, and not as it is hoped they will be in future— all on the sajie scale and in rowing clothes. I have taken the trouble to look up soine of the Port competitors' p.evious weights, and find that they do not agree with those given oil Saturday. Dr. Hamilton's letter in tu day's paper covers all tbat I intended to say in regard to the difference of the weight of the crews as they rowed on Saturday, ami 1 quite agree with his remarks, and would at any time sooner have a medium crew for be.it boat rowing than a very heavy one for such water as is most likely to be met at the Port. Best boats, barring tbe Port-built boat, were never meant, to my mind, for such weather as this race was rowed in. I have taken great interest in the rowing of both crews, and have read all the rowing notes, and in them tho general opinion seems to hav; been that the Adelaide crew had not the ghost of a chance ? firstly, because the Port crew bad been longer together, and through favourable circumstances it had not been necessary to shift any of them from where first seated ; secondly, it was confidently affirmed that .the Ports had far And away the best boat in tbe ? colony, running better between the strokes, ic.',' thirdly, they had trained on the Port River, where the race was' to bo rowed, and were more used to the rough water. What was 4he result? We Bee the Adelaides take tho lead almost from the start, lead the way across the rough water, where it was stated then* boat was not fit to go, and the only time the Ports were on anything like equal' terms with them ?was when Adelaide Is'o. 7 caught a -crab. ... Tbe Ports then got & lead of three-quarters of -a length, and although this accident hap pened within 500 yards of the finishing-pbst, and Adelaide JNo. 7 had lost his slide .ind was sitting on the bars, no mention is made of this by yon. They not only picked up this tbrws quarters of a length, bnt won by a length and jv quarter in this short distance. It was such a display of determined rowing and implicit; reliance on their stroke as we will not see for a long time, and where many crows would havu given up the race as a foregone conclnston. 5fo wonder they appeared rowed out after such a finish. They ought tu have been. Ifc was a good lesson to nil young oarsmen that a race is uev»;r lost till it is won. It is ridiculous to dhf count the boats. The Ports, it was acknow ledged, had the best boat for such weather, and shipped but very little water, while the Ade laide boat, owing to her heavy crew, had tli* water over the inside keel when the crew dis embarked at the shed. This alone was a tre mendous handicap. I do hot think that the tall bides of the Port boat stopped tbo bo.it owing to the wind like the washboards th« Adelaide boat had on, as every sea that struck the boat stopped her way, and tbe wind get ting under them threw her over very m uch. In regard to tbe launch affecting theraco, this wa« entirely the fault of their coxswain. There was plenty of room. for them inside the Adelaide boat, and their stroke should have seen that h«* took it. In regard to the rawing, I entirely disagree with your remarks, and in my opini-JU the form shown by our men wai better all .through the race than the Ports, and had mop« life in it. They sat up to their work better, gut their weight on together, made propsr use ot their straps, and it was acknou'ledged by rJl who saw tlii-m working that the time was perfect. The piinuiple that the--Port3 ap parently worked on was to reach right out. Tins is a!l very well for fixed seats or Vubs, where a boat has to ba dragged along, but for best boat rowingj such as we have under 'renew, it is quite a mis take ; the men must sit well up, and take care not to overreach, and when strikiug tho water get all their shoulder work on, taking care to hold their slides well under them, in fact, tvy and lift the boat over the water, not drag her through, and using -their straps to bring themselves up for the next stroke. Any one ? who saw the race on Saturday saiv^ tho two principles applied, one crow reaching right out, making no proper use of their slides, and having to labour or wait for the boat to come to them before the weight could ba applied; the other getting tne weight on the instant the oar took the water. It is not necessary in a friendly contest such as this was for the leading crew to demonstrate how much they could hav«» beaten thbir opponents by, but to showthat they can - any time their stroke calls on them answer to it and go away, that the leading crew could do 8o was shown in the late ra'-j?. I am, Sir, *c, FRED. H. POOLE, Coach Adelaide Crew. 