MELBOURNE RING ' NOTES. . Proposed Complimontary ' Entertainment TO MARTIN COSTELLO. The Apollo Hall. Woods Knocks Lyndsay Out la Three Rounds— C'urran's Kooras— ' Friday' Bests Culleu In Eight Hounds— Coining Events aud Plenty of Them. Tho story of the oaso in whioh Martin Costollo had to stand his trial for an alleged assault on ox-Constable Freobairno is now a thing of the past, aud it is woll-kuown that Martin was acquittod without tho jury loaving tho boi, tho summing up of Judge Hamilton boing . eutiroly in hix favor. Tho defence- was, howovor, a vory oxponsivo affair, haviug cost Mr. Costollo closo on .£150. Following this oomos an order from the hoalth officer for oxtonsivo and oxponsive alterations in tho Apollo Hall, which will involvo aoonsidorable outlay. In view of these matters, and to show thoir aprociatiou of Martin, Mb numerous frionds havo docided to tender him a monster complimentary athletio ontortiumueufc, intov larded with varioty business, ou Monday, April 0, at tho Apollo Athlotio Hall. It is needless to mention that tho athletes to a man have tendored thoir services, and in this respect tho only trouble will bo to chooao who will take part. It is a well known fact that, sinco Martin entered into possession of tho Lounge Hotol, hie hall, hotel and pookot wero open to all athlotos who wero iu neod of assis tance, and now that ho has boon prevailed ou to tak'o a bonoflt himself, the patrons of the sport should turn up in numbers to show thoir ac knowledgment of his endeavors to givo boxing a healthy charaoter in Viotoria. Noreryotdid Costollo rofuso a holping hand to a deserving athloto, aud this tribute of sympathy to him should consequently be thoroughly supported. A programmo of ovonts will bo prepared during tho wook and published in ne'xt issuo of tho Beferer. / Tho Apollo Hall. \J Jim Woods Sxdrs Yodno Lyndsat. Thercwas a vory respectable atteudanco at the Apollo Hall ou Saturday evening to witness what was intended to bo an oight ronnd contest botwoon the two sterling young boxers, Jim Woods and Jim .Lyndsay. It was a case of Coliingwood v. South Melbourne, aud considorablo excitement was contred in tho affair. But, contrary to expecta tions, tho contest did not last half tho stipulated number of rounds, as Lyndsay was clean stretched out iu tho thM round. The preliminary exhibitions woro of the usual interesting oharacter, and evoked continued applause from tho audience, tho bout between the ' Yankee ' brothors boinjr particularly lively. A very short inter val followed the first part of tho programme, after which Woods And Lyndsay made their appearance, the former attended by his brother Charley and Windobank, and tho latter by H. Sinnott aud another Lyndsay. Sinnott liaving won tho choico of gloves and comers, Messrs. W. K. Virgoo and Sam Allen were selected as roforoo and time keopor respectively, aud tho contestants ordered together for Bound l.—Tho first round oponod with vory smart left exchanges, both men getting home with olfeot. Lyndsay followod up with a telling riitht on tho ribs, Woods sending the loft hard on the ohost. . Heavy two-handed exchanges followod, both lads showing the greatest willingness. After standing off for a few moments Lyndsay got homa with a loft on tho body, and followed up with a right on tho forehead, sending Woods on the ropes. Tho lattor recovered himself instantly, auda heavy rally took placo in tho contra of the ring. On breaking ground Woods sont in. a flash left, aud followed up with a right on tho oar, Lyndsay gotting in a pretty left on tho mark just as corners wero callod. Round 2. — On coming up to the call of timo the contestants sparred for a few second's, when Woods putiu a. splendid loft on tho chin. Ho followod up with another on tho wind, whioh stagfrered Lyndsay. ? Taking all advan tage,- Woods again booked Uis adversary on tho jaw, when tho latter camo up aud lauded two heavy rights on thathcad. The fighting hei-o became desperate, ami continued so to the oud of tho round, when both lads wero uhsorod to tho ocho. Bound 3. and last!— Lyudsay, on comiug tn scratch, triod a lot of tricky business. Ho feinted s'ovoral tiiiie3, but could not- draw Woodn, who was very careful. Seeing an 'opening the Collili|rv-ood boy sent in a good left on the bodyj following up with a brace on both sides of tlio hoad, Lyi'idioy replying with both hands. A short spar followed tho rail v, and Woods sont tho left short for tho rnark. This draw Lyndsay, who immediately copped a right fair, on tho jaw, which sent him on rill fours, and tho fight was over, as the South Molbonrnito was miablo to rospond to Ibo call, of timo. Tliorofcrco at onco de'clarod in favor of Woods, tho decision being received with acclamation. r CarranM Kboins. \S Fr.iDAY Beats Cdllen. The proceedings opened with ah excellent four rounds ' between Peterson . and Jim Bogor.i, whon somo splendid boxing powers woro displayed by cadi- I'Btorsd'n, howovor, had all tho boat of tho bout, and towards its termination ho doalt very lonioutly with his oppsnbiit. About 9.80 , tho mon ontored tho ring, Friday seconded by Jack King, Cullcn having tho services of .lack Fitz, nn old general at the gnrno. Tho question of gloves and corners dooided, Mr. Virgoo was selected1 iis 'referee, n.-id Mick O'lirioii as watch-holder. Tho first round opened with Cullcn making a fiorco 'onslaught on Fridny, but tho latter knowing too much of (ho game, easily evaded the mill, and succeeded m petting in a good loft upper-cut, followed by a lpFfc and right on tho head. C'ullon now wont lo oloso quartorrf, ivhoio a good rully took pluoo, both mon being nppaiontl.y nnxiouj for gore, glory nnd lucre. On breaking away Friday ocnt a good left on ihobody, Cullcn being hhort in tho rotu'rn. Quick exchanges at thort rango brought the round to a- close. Tliu second round was a series of rod-hot lighting, Friday having . a . lot tho bost of matters. Bounds wa'! of almost a similar chdraotori Filduy having a- still more decidod advantage, his left nlubB tolling well, while' his Bcldom uaod right did very good execution. Friday started tho fourth round by deliver ing thu left twice fair oh tho nasal organ. This brought Cullen woll on his inettlo. Ho wuut in to mix niattetn, aud made things par ticuluily iutercsliug to thu ondof th« round. The remaining rounds woro mostly of a one sided chnraclcr, as dcs)-ita the vory bost en deavors of Cullen he did not havo a ghost of a' sho'/, as Friday hail loo (,'ood a knowledge of ring taolicfl. At the abhcluBion of tho eighth round Mr. Vivpoo at onco doclared Friday tho winuor. Culleii, though defeated, has no'oc casion to bo asliiunod of his performance. When ho hai a littlo moro oiporieuco, and learns how to let his hand go froely, ho will, in my opinion, not only turn, the tables on Friday, but also tako down a good many others at his weight. Ho has plonty of heart. Coinlnc Events. Sinco tho affair in tho Athletic Club over tho Isbuo of tho Baxter-Denny light, a numbor of matches havo boon arranged to take placo at our public hulls for purses Tho first will lake pUeo on Saturdav noxt at tho Apollo Hall, whon ' i'mlou ' and 'Scotty,' two bantam amateurs, will coutost for supremacy. Noxt coiuv' a coutcit bct»c- n Owen Sullivan nnd I'etorseu, at tho snnio hall, for a pur.se of i.'25. PoUotviii; this conns a light between Tom Uuggan and Fiulm, at Curran's room, nnd lail, but not loc-t, will bo a final of who is the bettor man, Stii light or Moms. This coiito»t will tak.o jiIulo at the Apollo Hall iu three weeks for a rcspoctablo purse. Morris is training, for tlio first timo, with Charley Taylor at C'oleman's Hotoi, North Brighton, and Starlight is doing bis work in town under careful supervision. This mooting will bo looked forward to with a great deal of interest by all lovora of the nport. - ? r ? i n ? ? mi 