THE SOUTH SEAS. BY EOBEUT LOOTS STEVENSON. PART II. — LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XIX. ohaveyaiid ktoiuks. With my superstitious friend, the islander, X fear I am not wholly frank, often leading the way with stories of my own, and being always a grave ami sometimes an excited hearer. Lufc tlm deceit is scarce mortal, since I am as pleased to hear as he to tell, as pleased with the story as lie with the belief ; and besides, it is entirely needful. _ For it is scarce possible to exaggerate the extent and empire of his superstitions; tliey mould lii3 life, they color his think ing; and when lu does not speak to me of ghosts and gods and devils, lie is playing the dissembler i ad talking only with his lips. With thoughts so different one must indulge tile other, and I would rather that I should indulge his superstition than ho my incredulity. Of one thing, besides, I may bo sure, bet me indulge it as I please, I shall not hear the whale, for he is already on his guard with me, and the amount of the love is boundless. I will give but a few instances at random, chiefly from my own 'doorstep in Upolu during the past month (October, 1390). One of my workmen was sent the other day to the banana patch, there to dig; this is a hollow of the mountain, buried in woods, out of all sight and cry of mankind, and long before dusk Lafaclo was back again beside the cook-house with embarrassed look — lie dared not longer stay alone, lie was afraid of " spirits in the bush." It seems these aro the souls of the tmburicd dead, haunting whore they fell, and wearing wood land shapes of pig, or bird, or insect. The bush is full of them, they seem to eat nothing, slay solitary wanderers apparently in spite, and at times, in human form, go down into the villages and con sort with the inhabitants undetected. So much I learned a (lay or so after, walking in the bush with a very intelligent youth, a native. It was a little before noon, a grey day and squally ; and perhaps I had spoken lightly. A dark squall burst on the side of the mountain ; the woods shook and cried ; the dead leaves rose from the ground in clouds, like butterflies ; and my companion came suddenly to a full stop. He was afraid, ho said, of the trees falling ; but as soon as I had changed the subject of our talk he proceeded with alac rity. A day or two beforo a messenger camo up the mountain from Apia with a letter ; I was in tlio hush, he must await my return — thou wait till I had answored ; and before I was (lone his voico sounded quite shrill with terror of the coining night and the long forest road. These aro the commons. Take tlio chiefs. Thero has been a great coming and going ot signs and omens in our group. Olio river ran down blood, red eels wero captured in another, an unknown fish was thrown upon the coast, an ominous word found written on its scales. So far, wo might bo reading in a monkish chronicle ; now we come on a fresh note, at once modern and Polynesian. The gods of Upolu and Hawaii, our two chief islands, contended recently at cricket. Since then they aro at war. Sounds of battle aro heard to roll along tho coast. A woman saw a man swim from tho high seas and plunge direct into tho bush. He w.as no mail of that neighbor hood, and. it was known lie was one of the gods speeding to a council. Most perspicuous of all, a missionary of Savaii, . who is also a medical man, was dis turbed late in tho night by knocking. It was 110 hour for the dispensary, but at length he woke his servant and sent him to inquire ; tliu servant looking from a window beheld crowds of persons, all with grievous wounds, looped limbs and broken heads and bleeding bullet holes ; but when tho door was opened, all had disappeared. They wero gods from the field of battle. Now those reports. have certainly significance ; it is not liard to traco them to political grumblers, or to read in them a threat of coming trouble ; from that merely humau side. I find llicm ominous my- nfikf. But it was tho spiritual side of thoir significance that was discussed in secret council by my rnlcrs. J shall best depict this mingled habit of the Polynesian mind by two connected instances. I once lived in . a village tho name of which I do not mean to tell. The chief and his sister wero persons perfectly intelligent, gentlefolk, apt of speech. Tho sister was very religious, a great churchgoer, one that used to reprovo me if I stayed away. I found afterward that she privately worshipped a shark. The chiof himself was somewhat of a freethinker, at tho least a latitudiuariau. He was a man besides filled with Kuropcan knowledge and accomplishments, of an impassive, ironical habit, and I should as soon havo expected Bupcrstition in iMr. Herbert Spencer. Hear tho sequel. I had discovered by unmistak able signs that tliey buried too shallow in the village graveyard, and I tool: my friend, as tho responsible authority, to task. ' There is something wrong about your graveyard,' said I, ' which you must attend to or it may havo very bad results. 'Something wrong! What, is it?' I10 asked, with ail emotion that surprised 1110. ' l'f you earo to go along there any evening about 9 o'clock you can see for yourself,' said I. He stopped backward. ' A ghost !' he cried. In sliort, in tho whole iield of tho South Seas there is not one to blame another. Half blood and whole, pious and debauched, intelligent and dull, all men believe in ghostsi all men combine with their recent Chris tianity i'ear and a lingering faith in tho old island deities. So, in Europe, tho gods of Olympus slowly dwindled into village bogies, so to-day tlio theological Highlander sneaks from under tliooye of tho Free Church divine to lay an offering by a sacred well. I try to deal with the whole matter hero because of a particular quality in Paumo- tuan superstitions. It is true I heard them told by a man with a genius for such nar- . rations. Closo about our evening lamp, within tho sound of tho island surf, wo hung on his words, thrilling. Tho reader, in far other scenes, must listen close for tho faint echo. This bundlo of weird stories sprang from tho burial and the woman's selfish conjura tion. I was dissatisfied with what I heard, harped upon questions and struck at last this vein of motul. It is from sundown to about 4 iu tlio morning that the kinsfolk camp upon the grave ; anil these are the hours of tho spirits' wanderings. At any timo of the night — it may he earlier, it may he later —a sound is to he heard below, which is tho noise of his liberation ; at 4- sharp another and a louder marks tlio instant of the re- imprisonmout ; between whiles ho goe3 liis malignant rounds. " Hid you ever seo an evil spirit was onco asked of a Paumotimn. "Once." "Under what form?" "It was in tho form of a crane.'' " And how did you know that crane to he a spirit?" was asked. "I will tell you," I10 answered; and this was tho purport of his inconolusivo narrative. His father had been dead nearly a fortnight; others hod wearied of the watch ; and as tho sun was setting ho found himself by tlio gravo alone. It was not yet dark, rather tho hour of tho after glow, when I10 was awaro of a snowwhito crane upon tho coral mound ; presently more cranes came, some white, some black ; then tlio crones vanished anil I10 saw in their place a whito cat, to which thoro was silently joined n great company of cats of every hue concoivable ; then these also disappeared and ho was left astonished. This was an anodyne appearance. Tako instead tho experience of Rua-a-Mavitcr- angi on tho Islo of Kutiu. Ho had a need for somo pandatma, and crossed tho islo to tho sea beach, whore it chiefly flourishes. Tlio day was still and Run was surprised to hear a crashing sound among the thickets and then tlio fall of a considerable tree. Hero must bo someone building a canoe, and lio entered the margin of the wood to find and pass tlio timo of day with this chance neighbor. The crashing sounded moro at hand, and then lie was nwaro of something drawing swiftly near among the trectops. It swung by its heels downwards liko an ape, so that its hands were free for murder ; it depended Bafely by the slightest twig ; the speed of its coining wa3 incredible ; and soon Rua recognised it for a corpse, horrible with age, its bowels hanging as it came. Prayer was tho weapon of Christian in the Valley of tho Shadow, and it is to prayer that Rua-a-Mariterangi attri butes his escape. No merely human expedi tion had availed. This demon was plainly from the grave, yet, you will observe, he was abroad by day. And, inconsistent as it may seem, with tiie hours of the night watch and the many refer ences to the rising of tho morning star, it is 110 singular exception. I could never find a ease of another who has seen this ghost, diurnal and arboreal in its habit3, hut others have heard the fall of the tree, which sccm3 the signal of his coming. M. Donat was once pearling on the uninhabited islo of Haraiki. It was a day without a breath of wind, such as alternate in the archipelago, with days of contumelious breezes. Tho divers woro in tho midst of the lagoon upon their employ ment ; the cook, a boy of 10, was over his pots in the camp. Thus wero all souls ac counted for except a single nativo who ac companied Donat into the woods in quest of sea-fowls' eggs. In a moment, out of tlio stillness, came tlio sound of tho fall of a great tree. Donat would havo passed on to fiud tho cause. ' No,' cried his com panion that was no tree. It was some thing not right. Let us go hack to camp. Next Sunday the divers were turned on, all that part of the isle was thoroughly examined, anil sure enough no tree had fallen. A littlo later M. Donat saw one of the divers flee from a similar sound in similar unaffected panic on tho same isle, but neither would oxplain, and it was not till afterward, when he met with Rua, that he learned the occasion of their terrors. But whothcr by day or night, tho purpose of the dead in these attained activities is still the same. In Samoa, my informant had 110 idea of the food of the busll spirits ; no such ambiguity would exist in the mind of a Paumotuan. In that hungry archipelago living and dead must alike toil for nutriment, and the race having been cannibal in the past, the spirits aro so still. Where the living ate the dead, horrified nocturnal imagination drew tlio shock ing inference that the dead might eat the living. Doubtless they slay men, doubtless even mutilate them in mere malico. Mar- qucsan spirits sometimes tear out the eye3 of travellers ; but even tliat may be more practical than appears, for the cvo is a cannibal dainty. Anil certainly the root idea of the dead, at least in the far eastern islands, is to prowl for food. It was as a dainty morsel for a meal that the woman denounced Donat at the funeral. Nor is it only tlio dead who eat the living. There are spirits, besides, who prey in particular 011 the souls of tho newly dead. The point is clearly made in a Taliitian story. A child fell sick, grew swiftly worse, and at last showed signs of death. The mother hastened to tho house of a sorcerer who lived hard by. "You are yet in timo," said lie. "A spirit lias just run past my door carrying the soul of your child wrapped in the leaf of a purao ; but I have a- spirit stronger . and swifter who will run him down ere he has time to eat it." Wrapped, you see, in a leaf, like other things edible and corruptible. Or take an experience of M. Donat's on the island of Anau. It was a niglit of a high wind, with violent squalls ; liis child was very sick, and the father, though he had gone to bed, lay wakeful, hearkening to the gale. All at onco a fowl was violently dashed on the house wall. Sup posing he had forgot to put it in shelter with the rest Donat arose, found the bird (a eoek) lying 011 the verandah and put it iu the henhouse, tho door of which lie securely fastened. Fifteen minutes later the busi ness was repeated, only thi3 time, as it was being dashed against tlio wall, tho bird crew. Again Donat replaced it, examined tho henhouse thoroughly, finding it quite perfect ; as he was so engaged the wind puffed out his light, and lie must grope back to tho door a good (leal shaken. Yet a third time tlio bird was dashed upon tho wall ; a third time Donat set it, now near dead,, beside its mates, and he was scarce returned before there came a rush, like that of a furious strong man, against the door, and a whistle as land as that of a railway engine rang about the houso. The sceptical reader may here detect the finger of the tompest, but the women gave up all for lost and clustered on the beds lamenting. Nothing followed, and I must suppo30 the gale somcwatcil abated, for presently aftor a chief came visiting. Ho was a bold man to be abroad so lato, but doubtless carried a bright lan- torn. And ho was certainly a man of coun sel, for as soon us he hoard the details of theso disturbances ho was ill a jiosition to explain their nature, ' Your child,' said he, ' must certainly die. This is the evil spirit of an island who lies in wait to eat tho spirits of the newly dead.' And then I10 wont on to cxpatiato on the strangeness of. the spirit's conduct.. He was not usually, Unexplained, so open of assault, hut sab silent on the housetop waiting in tlio guise of a bird. Within, the people tended tho dying and bewailed tlio dead, and had no thought of peril ; but when day came and doors wcr0 opened, and moil began to go abroad, blood stains 011 tho wall betrayed tho tragedy. This is tho quality I admire ill Paumo tuan legend. I have heard of a Taliitian vesture for tho spirit-eator, with how much more of pomp, with how much less of horror. It has been seen by all sorts and conditions, liativo and foreign ; only the last insist that it is a meteor. My authority wa3 not so suro. Ho was riding with his wife about 2 iu the morning; both woro near asleep, and the horses were not much bettor. It was a brilliant and still night, and the road wound over a mountain near by a do3ortecl inarao (old Taliitian temple). All at once the appearance passed above them. A form of light — the head round and greenish, tho body long, red and with a focus of yet redder brilliancy about tho inidst. A buzzing hoot accom panied its passage. It flew direct out of 0110 marac and direct for onothor down tho mountain side; and this, as my informant argued is suggestive. For why should a mere meteor frequent tho altars of abomin able gods? Tlio horses, I should say, wero equally dismayed with thoir riders. Now I am not dismayed at all, not even agreeably. Givo mo rather tho bird upon the housclop and tho warning blood gouts on tho wall. But tho dead are not oxclusivo in tlieir diet. Tliey carry with them to the grave, iu particular, the Polynesian taste for fish, and enter at times with tho living into a partnership ill fishery. Rua-a- Mariterangi is again my authority ; I feel it diminished the credit of tho fact, hut how it builds up the image of this invcterato gliostseor. He be longs to the misorably poor island (if Tacngu, yet his father's house was always (well sup plied. As Rua grow up lie was called at last to go a-lishiiig with this fortuiiato parent. They rowed into the lagoon at dusk, to ail unlikely place, and tho boy lay down in tlio stern, and the father began vainly to cast his line over the bows. It is to be supposed that Rua slept ; and when ho awoke there was the figure of another beside his fit her, and his father was pulling in tlio fish hitud over hand. ' Who is that man, father ?' Rua asked. ' It is none of your business,' said the father ; and Rua supposed the strange? had swum off to thein from shore. Night After niglit they fared into the lagoon, often to the most un likely places ; night after ni£ht tho stranger would suddenly be seen on board, and as suddenly bo missed ; anil morning after morning tho canoe returned laden with fish. ' My father is a very lucky mau,' thought Rua. At last, 0110 fine day,- there oainc first one boat party and then another, who must be ontertauicil ; father and soil put off later tliau usual into tlio lagoon ; and before tho canoe was loaded it was 4 o'clock anil the I morning star was closo on the horizon. Then the stranger showed symptoms of distress, turned about, showing for the first timu his face, which was that of one long dead, with shining eyes, stared into the east, sot tlio tips of his lingers to liis mouth like one a-cold, uttered a strange, shuddering sound between a whistle and 11 moan— a tiling to freezo tlio blood ; mid, the day star just rising from the sea, lie suddenly was not. Then Rua was aware why liis father pros pered, why liis fishes rotted early in the day, and why some wero always carried to the cemetery and laid upon tlio graves. My in formant is a man not certainly averse to superstition, but lie keeps his bead, and takes a certain superior interest, which I may be allowed to call scientific. Tho last point reminding him of some parable practice In Tahiti, ho asked Rua if the fish wero left, Or carried home again after a formal dedica tion. It appears old Mariterangi practised both methods ; sometimes treating his shadowy partner to a mere oblation, some times honestly leaving his fish to rot upon tlie grave. __________ 