Having wisely determined on adopting tlie popular Parliamentary practice of admitting Press and public, save when otherwise ordered, the Convention lias settled down to tho discussion of the reso lutions introduced hy Sir H enry l'arkes as tiie basis of a scheme of Federal Govern- ment. These, so far as they go, are of a character likely to prove' more gene rally acceptable than the former deliver ances of the New South Wales Premier had led the public to anticipate. In place of proposing to constitute a strong central authority, and limiting the functions of tho provincial executives, as was done in Canada, Sir Henry undertakes to leave the powers, privileges and territorial rights of the existing colonics intact, except in respect to such surrenders as may lie definitely specified. Thero would have been slight prospect of a federal compact being arrived at on any other terms, but with this proposition presented in tho forefront of the protocol the way is paved not merely for an amicable discussion at tho Conven tion but for a generous welcome being accorded tho plan in tho various Parlia ments. Sir Henry's speech, in moving the resolutions, appears to have been ineffective from an oratorical point of view, but it possessed the higher merit of challenging the goodwill of the delegates and tho public outside by the moderate tone pervading it. The resolu tions, it was explained, are by no means intended to be thrust on the Convention as the embodiment of perfect wisdom, bub are simply to be regarded as a frame work upon which to hung addi tions and amendments. Sir Henry.'s sell erne may be briefly described as an attempt to transfer to tho federal centre the machinery of government nt present operating in . most of the colonies. The Federal Parliament, like the , provincial ones, is to consist of two chambers, and its executive is to be the direct creation of such, parliament, and is to retain power only so long as it possesses the confi dence of tho people's representatives. Thero is to be n difference in tho constitution of the chambers, as compared with tiiose of the individual colonics, to tiie extent called for hy tho divergent circumstances. The popular body, which ho suggests shall ho known as the House of Kepresontatives, and which is to control Administrations, is to be elected by districts formed on a popu lation basis, and to possess the sole power of originating and amending bills appro priating revenue or imposing taxation. Tho other House, to bo called the Senate, is to consist of unequal number of members from each province, and is, like our Legis lative Council, to havo a continuous existence by the periodical retirement of ono third only of its members. No men tion is made of the nature of the suffrage in either "case, but it may safely be assumed that manhood suffrage, at least, will bo adopted for the electorates of the lower chamber, and Sir Henry would doubtless he prepared £o go further than this and make the suffrage an adult one, irrespective of sex. Upon the question of vesting exclusive right to control money bills in the' branch of the , Legisla ture representing ' population ' there are sure to bo diverse opinions ; and, indeed, Sir Samuel Griffith, who opened up discussion on the resolutions, sounded the first note of objection: He seems to thiuk that the independence of the Sennto, upon which the smaller provinces will have mainly to rely for protection, would be jeopardised if tliey could not interfere witli money bills, and conceives that, at any rate, the right of vetoing such measures should ho specifically granted it. His instance 'of the American Senate as enjoying co-ordi nate authority with the House of Representatives in this respect is hardly applicable unless he is prepared to accept the American theory of administrative government in its entirety, and keep the executive altogether outside of the Parlia mentary avenn. Under the British sys tems, if deadlocks are to he avoided, a Government must have the power of enforc ing its financial policy when the House from which it derives that power has sanctioned it. Sir Samuel lias evidently a leaning towards the American system of dealing with the'oxecutive, but lie will not find tho colonics ripo for experiments of tiiat nature. Sir Henry Pavkes is wiser in clinging to the British model, hut it would prove unworkable if tho ultimate authority relative to taxation and expenditure were confided to other hands than those of the people's representatives. Leaving tho machinery of government, and coming to oilier details of the resolu tions, the tariff question is at once en countered. Both Sir Samuel Griffith and Mr. Fysli, the only speakers thus far, touched upon the subject, but it cannot be said that either of thein has thrown much light on it. Mr. Munro, who moved the adjournment, and will therefore be the first to re-open the debate, may be trusted to submit to the Convention what may bo termed tho Victorian view of this impor tant matter. According to the second resolution, complote free- trado is to be established betweon the colonies, and by virtue of the third the imposition of Customs duties is to rest exclusively with the Federal Government and Par liament, subject to sueli distribution of tiie revenue so derived as may be agreed upon. These propositions avo not likely to he regarded as objectionable in themselves, hut the point on - which the Victorian mind will be exercised has relation to the safeguards to he accorded a policy of protection. Intercolonial free- trade receives prominent attention in tho resolutions, and the natural sequence to tho determination set forth in rfispeet to it would be a provision ensuring protection against tho outer world. By all means let the provinces enjoy thorough freedom of intercourse and unrestricted trade amongst themselves. We are not disposed to cavil with Sir Henry Parkes's forcible proposition on this head. Australian Nationalism cannot be built up on any otlier terms. But Victoria has learned by experience that something fully as important ns Nationalism, namely, social - well-being and industrial pros perity, aro endangered if the pro ducts of countries where labor is ill paid and oppressed are permitted to compete on oven terms witli local work. In common fairness it will have to lie demanded that the scheme which presents inter colonial free-trade as a foundational pro position shall perforin the same ser vice to a substantial policy of protec tion operating outside of Australian bounds. If a question so vital as this is to be loft to the mercy of federal caprice, we are at a loss to discover any subject sufficiently important to need assertion in a Conventional charter. It will be like producing the play of Ilamlet with the character of tho Prince omitted to submit for the consideration of a Vic torian Parlianicntaplan of federation which makes no mention of protection. There are delegates at Sydney who may be expected to urge these views upon the notice of tiie Convention, hut however earnestly they may express themselves, they cannot effectually voice the fixedness of purpose on this question of tiie vast majority of the people of this colony. Jb is simply the' ' truth to say that if the latter bclievo 'that federation at this juncture is to imperil the protective policy whicli has won almost unanimous respect in Victoria, they will speedily reach the conclusion that it is better to let federation waib.than risk losing the benefits accruing from protection. On Monday the Methodists of Great Britain celebrated the centenary of John Wesley's death by unveiling the' statue of liim which they have erected in the City-road Chapel. Never was honor bestowed on man more worthy of it — on man who whilst lie lived was moro indifferent to the praise or censure of his fellows. The influence of Wesley will live, the name of Wesley will he cherished, when the greater number of the poets, philosophers, warriors and statesmen whom, during this last hundred years, England lias buried in Westminster Abbey are remembered only by the antiquary. He called into being a religious body which to-day boasts more than five million pledged adherents, and which is said to minister to tho spiritual necessities of twenty-eiglit mil lion men, women and children. But that per so would be a very imperfect state ment of his work. Ho infused new life into English Episcopaliatiism, he rescued English Nonconformity from the paralysis which was stealing over it. To do justice to Wesley it is necessary to recall that Britain of the Second George which Thackeray lias painted with master hand. The great satirist has told how Lady Yarmouth, "my " most religious and gracious king's favo- " rite, sold a bishopric to a clergyman for " £5000." He lias pictured for us deans, rectors, curates, flirting with ladies in wait ing, and slipping purses into their laps, if thoy possessed tiiat backstairs influence which brnnght promotion. He has sketched Young, of the Night Thoughts, bursting into tears because, whilst lie preached, his royal master chatted to his conrticra. In an ago when fashion, ablo preachers were scoptics, when poli ticians wore corrupt, when tho people were sunk in brutal ignorance, Wesley spoke as a prophet of fire. The religious reformor of tho eighteenth century was one of those on whom .greatness is thrust. A clorgy- man and a fellow of Christ Church, Oxford, he turned his hack on proferment and went to Georgia, a voluntary oxile, that ho might convert tho Indians. In tho ordinary courso of events that stop would have doomed him to obscurity. But lie went out an Episcopalian of tho . Episco palians—a man to whom tho sacra ments administered by a Noncon formist wcro empty forms ; a man who would not bury 'tho 'child which had died .nnbaptiscd by an ordained minister. - The pcoplo of Georgia resonted liis high church practices; ho returned to England, and fell in with one Fetor Bolder, a Moravian. Bohler's influence on Wosley was profound. To that timo tho religion of tho great Methodist htul consisted of an intellectual faitli supplemented by a voluntary surrender of the will. -Under Bolder lie acquired that other faith which Carlyle tells us is tho ono essential thing about a man. Tiio tiling camo about curiously enough. Having talked witli Bolder, lie prayed and lay down to sleep. A woman in an adjoin ing room exclaimed — "In the name "of Jesus of Nazareth, arise and " believe and thou siialt be healed " of all thy infirmities." Wesley took the words as a divine mes sage to himself, and says, " I now " found myself at pcaco witli God." So was converted one- of tho ablest logicians of theeightocnth century. Strangely enongli, Newman, the subtlest controversialist of the nineteenth, described as the crisis of his spiritual life his chancing to open a . book at a page marked with the sign of the cross. From tliis time, '1738, Wesley labored as though a second Paul. He passed from end to end of England, lie visited Ireland again and yet again. . He preached eight hundred times in the year, now in the open air, again- in any hall of which ho could gain possesssion. - Tho . mob met him witli the "fiercest opposition. In numberless towns he was hooted, ridiculed, pelted with . stones and rotten eggs. Drums were hoatcu, church bolls wero jangled, if haply his. voice might bo drowned. In one city the lire engine was brought out and the hose turned on his congregation; in auotlier an ass wasbrouglit into the building Where lie was speaking, but proved the most patient of his hearers. The magistrates threatened liim with arrest ; they did on several occasions refuse to punish those who had outraged his followors. -But the bitterest of his opponents wero the clergy. In their sermons they spoke of Wesley as "that "vagabond;" of his adherents as "bab- " biers," . "deceivers," and "insolent " pretenders." And meanwhile Wesley was intensely anxious : to be true to the church of -his fathers. He was obliged by stress of circumstances . to ordain preachers, but he did so with profound regret. ' There is something almost pathetic' in the intensity of his desire to discharge what ho deemed his two duties— first, to remain in tiie Episcopa lian Church; second, torcnounccits abuses. It is, however, when the student forgets Wesley's ecclesiastical prejudices, his evan gelical creed, and contemplates him as a reformer that lie appreciates the man's true greatness. When temperance societies were unknown; when statesmen and their clorical supporters drank themselves gloriously, drunk with little, if any, sense of shame, Wosley preached abstinence, and drove the liquor sellers from his meeting houses. When slavery was generally re garded as a divine institution lie denounced it in words burning" as any Wilberforce ever uttered. When pocket boroughs were matters of course, and to sell a vote was to earn a few guineas easily, ho issued a pastoral address denouncing bribery as a damnable sin. He raised liis voice on behalf of the people of India when to ex ploit a province was a recognised way to fame and fortune. He loathed the iniquitous delays of the law, and wrote, " the villaiu- ' ' ous tautology of lawyers is a scandal to our "nation." Ho was a true friend of the people, telling the rich that property had duties no less important than its rights, and that some decades before to appre ciate tho good in Socialism was fashion able. He did all that lay in his power to give the masses education, frankly accepting that view of human equality which was tiie logical outcome of his creed. If to be aliciid of his ago on tho questions most vital to his race is to be great, Wesley was great. If to move the souls of men, to inspire thorn, with loftier -aspirations -than they had dreaiqed of, is to be illustrious, Wesley was illustrious. Macaulay declares that Home would have retained the enthusiastic Methodist ; would have given him work to do which would have contented liim, and would havo strengthened her. The English State Church thrust Wesley out ; he went slowly, reluctantly, protesting that ho was not going ; but that lie went was well for the religious liberties of the race. Great as Wesley was, lie was in one respect at least singularly weak. Whilst he was a boy at Charterhouse School, his father's house was the scone of strange disturbances. Mysterious sounds, weird voices were heard and shadowy forms were seen. All efforts to explain tho'phonomona failed, and a supernatural origin was assumed. John was profoundly interested in the matter, and it impressed. him so deeply that ho became and remained a believer iu omens, ghosts and modern miracles. He believed that women suffering from religious hysteria were possessed, and that tho devil ' went out of them' in answer to his prayers. He deemed that in like way liis own tooth ache and the lameness of his horse passed instantly on his. exercising , the needful faith. Such superstition seems startling in one who, ns a lad, shocked his father by manifesting ' too " great skill ' in argument, and who, ns a man, was admitted by liis foes to bo a . controversialist of 110 mean ability. But as mere matter of fact the men who put their mark most lastingly on the world's religious history are neurotic. They strive to subduo the flesh that tho spirit may essay higher and yet higher (lights. ' Things unseen become for them -the real, and the actual loses its significance. So it was that Lnthor, translating the Psalins, fancied lie saw tho Evil One, -rose,' breath ing defiance, and hurled his inkstand at the shadow, which straightway vanished. So it is that there aro strange passages in the life of Loyola, and that even a son of the nineteenth century, such as New man, perplexes tho ordinary man by his strange deductions from the veriest trifles. Moved to ecstasy themselves, seeing visions and dreaming dreams, such men become the prophets of men and women witli nerves only less highly strung. Ilence, Wesley's power to sway the crowd, tho fainting of men, the hysterics of women, the sudden conversions, and the as sudden relapses when tho enthusiast did not inspire tho subject lie had controlled with liis own high moral conceptions. Wesley's super stitions excite a smile, lint without them he would not have been the hero-prophet of the eighteenth century. 