/OSTLY INDIAN WARS. (FEOM THE QIOEE-DEiTOCaAT.) Since the -1th July, 1776, when this Govern] ment began, the Indians have cost the United States a thousand million dollars. When the old Pequot chief met the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Bock, and said. " Welcome, English men," he spoke for 1,000,000 Indians. That was the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the United States. And so it appears that to date the act of dispossessing the aborigines has cost J ,OOOdol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose living on the soil when the white man camel Tnese are round ngures,^Dut tney are very close to the exact record. -. Three years ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now m charge of the Indian census, made a careful compilation. He showed that from 4th July, 1776, to 30th June, 1886, the Indians had cost the Government 929,239,284'02dol. It is safe to say that the four years added to the record since Mr. Donaldson's researches will bring the figures up close to one thousand millions. This enormous amount is about one-third of what the war of the rebellion cost. One- third of the one thousand millions has been spent in pacifying and civilising Indians. Two-thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in fighting Indians. SenatorDoo.ittle, of Wisconsin, once ventilated this Indian war business. He was in the Senate when it was proposed to negotiate a peace with the Navajoes. Several other senators de murred to the cost of the proposed treaty. Mr. Doolittle told them something about tne coBt of Indian wars. At the same time he gave some interesting facte about the origin of these Indian wars. What is known as the great Sioux war started in 1852. At that time there was perfect peace on the plains. Some Mormons were driving their cattle towards Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramie was a gathering of Indians. The military post was there, and the Indians were camped near it. One of the Sioux killed a cow belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant complained. The officer in command at the post sent oat a subordinate with twenty men. This little force went to the Indian camp, and demanded the surrender of the Sioux who bad killed the cow. The alternative was that the camp would be fired upon. The Indians re plied to the demand: " We are willing to pay for this animal; we will pay yoa in buffalo robes or buffalo skins." The army officer declined. He repeated biB demand for the immediate surrender. The Indians refused. The officer gave the order to fire. The men, 20, obeyed. In 20min. the soldiers were killed and scalped. That was the beginning of the Sioux war of 1852. The war lasted three or four years. It cost the United States between 15,000,OOOdol. and 20,000,OOOdol. The Navajoe war was another which Mr* Doolittle told abont. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which the Navajoes lived there was no trouble. One day a Navajoe Indian was visiting the fort where the troops were. He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the negro insulted the Indian. The latter drew his bow and put an arrow into the negro, killing him. Then he fled to his tribe. The officer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian. The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun. Three campaigns were made against the Navajoes on this provocation. The United States troops were beaten in each of them. This Navajoe war cost the Government nearly 20,000,OOOdol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was published. It began in 1862. It had its origin m a comparatively insignificant matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies sent to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mew pork. The consignment was found to consist largely of heads of hogs. The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath instead of the souse. Generals Sibley and Sully conducted the campaign. They had 15,000 troops under them. In this Sioux war the " Galvanised Yankees,'g as they were called, made their appearance. There were several regiments of these " Gal vanised Yankees," and they did good service against the Sioux. It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate prisoners who took the oath of allegiance and enlisted in these regiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisons. Not beiag hampered by the humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibley adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. As he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung them. As many as thirty braves were made " good Indians" by the rope in one day. There is a record of engagements with hostile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 186S to 1882. In the recapitulation of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded" in the Indian fighting of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in the fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 1886, the Secretary of War stated the total cost of the troops in the Indian country from 1867 to 1886 hadbeen 223,891,264-50dol. In 1868 and 1869 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Oklahoma. Between 1862 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south west. On the 2nd of March, 1868, this war to punish the Cheyennes. Arapahoes, and Commanches began. It ended on the 9th of February following. Three hundred and fiftythree officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed wounded, or captured in the 11 months' cam paign. The Indian loss was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured. The actual field operations during the 11 months cost l,056,515 - 57dol. The Modoc war in the lava beds cost the army 111 soldiers killed er wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assassination of General Canby. Seventeen citizens were killed and wounded. The record which was sent to the Senate by the War Department says: " No Indians reported killed." So far as losses were concerned, the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1S76 cost, for the actnal field expenses, 2,312,531dol. But the campaign was chiefly notable for the Custer massacre. The army loss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's policy toward the Sioux been continued. Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows- trees and there would be no ghost dancing to-day. The Custer massacre was never atoned for. The guns which the Indians took from the soldiers are still in their The Nez Perces war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost 931,329'52dol. The Nez Perces lived in a valley in eastern Oregon. They occupied land which, from its extraordinary fertility and adaptability for irrigation, is now worth from oOdol. to 7odol. an acre. That ought to be sufficient explanation of the way hostilities came about. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white man. Troops were sent to the Nez Perces' camp, and were whipped with a loss of a lieutenant and 33 soldiers. Then followed the Nez Perces war. General Howard followed the Nez Perces over 1,400 miles, and then failed to be in at " the death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and his band in the vicinity of the National Park. He killed six chiefs aud a lot of warriors, and captured all the others. The wind-up was on 30th of September. Howard came up with his advance guard just after the victory was won. In that campaign 241 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded. Twelve citzens were killed. The Indian loss was 158. The Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 556,6-36-19dol. When it was ended the record showed a loss of 24 to the army, 30 citizens murdered, and 74 Indians killed. The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on the army of 32 killed and wounded. No Indians were reported killed. Sinco 1882 the only Indian fighting has been with the little squads of .Apaches in Arizona and New Mexico. For every Apache run down and killed or captured the Government is said to have spent 100,OOOdol. Here (says the Tall Mall Gazette) is a plot for Gaboriau from real life. About two years ago an outrage was committed in Canada similar to one which has just raised a storm of fury in the north. The grown-up daughter of a Congregational minister in the Eastern townships was waylaid when going home along a dark country road at night, and was foully assaulted and murdered. When her body was found next morning in a mill-pond close by, the post-mortem revealed the plain imprint of two fingers on her throat. But the fingers were not neighbours—the point of the middle finger seemed to have left no mark. Large rewards were offered; but without effect. Within the last few months a fugitive criminal from the States, who under an alias had been playing the part of minister of the Gospel for seven years in a village in the same township, was found out and expelled. After he had departed for Australia it was remembered that one of his fingers was always rigid, in consequence of a wound received during the Civil War, and this coincidence is likely to bring him into court on the capital charge if he can be foundl. 