Hlll'S Mi CiETAPTER IX.— THE MYSTERY A alordaunt. CHAPTER X.— THE CHIEF OF LARA IS RETURNED AGAIN. . ' ' chapter xi. -blanche's hero. chapter xii.— the si'ell of the circe. chapter xiii. -the truant of the hermitage. \ : chapter xiv.-on guard. chapter xv. -in the friar's avenue. chapter xvi.— under petticoat fJflVRRTJM 17X71' CHAPTER XVII. —THE WIDOW OPENS THE BATTLE. CHAPTER XVIII.— COLONEL CLIF- FORD OBEYS ORDERS. CHAPTER XIX. — MRS. RIVERS' MASKED BATTERY. CHAPTER XX— BEFORE THE STORM. CHAPTER XXI.— STAY AND SPARE NOT. CHAPTER XXII. —MACLEAN's VALET. CHAPTER XXIII.— THE SECRET OF MORDAVjNT waste. CHAPTER XXIV.— A GHOSTLY VISIT. CHAPTER XXV. — FALLIN G INTO EDEN. ' chapter XXVI.— face to face. chapter XXVII.— a shot IN the DARK. chapter xxviii.— the morning after. - chapter xxix. —blanch e's "doom." CHAPTER XXX.— MISS FERNLEIGHS' LAST. CHAPTER VIII. -Continued. It had been a morning of surprises, rather, to her. When Mrs. Rivers stated that the heiress of General Clifford was in the daily habit of visit- ing Mordaunt, Mrs. Rivers . had; shrewdly guessed very near the truth.; Always an early riser, she' was mostly out and away for a breezy' morning walk amid the dewy grass, with the' rising sun and the singing larks ; and those morning walks, as a rule, were to the deserted manor. On this morning, as she opened a little door iri one of the many gables, and let herself in, she was astonished to behold a female figure, with its back to her, standing absorbed before a picture, in what had been tho Amber Drawing- room. It had startled her a little at first ; but Blanche was not in the least a nervous young lady, and a second glanco revealed her mother's companion — tho brilliant widow. The picture before which sho stood, witli the strangest expression of face, was the portrait of Edward Clif ford, taken in his gay hussar uniform — a gift to his father upon his 19th birthday. " Mrs. Rivers !" Blanche exclaimed, . in ungovernable astonishment. "You here !" Mrs. Rivers 'wheeled round. It did nob often happen to her to chango 'color, but a hot red flush darkened cheek and brow at this recontre. Por one second the eminently self-possessed Grace was at a loss. Then she- burst out into one of her musical laughs, and held out her gloved hand. "Dear Miss Clifford, how I must have startled you. Did you think it was 0110 of the mythical monks telling his ghostly rosary ? Pray don't imagine you are the only person in existence awake to the benefit. of early rising, Or to be deluded into a charming walk' under waving trees. And the walk from Clifford to Mordaunt Waste is enchanting— one long, leafy arcade;'? " Pray how did you got in ?" Blanche said, coldly. That aversion at first sight, almost forgotten in her brilliance last evening, returned stronger than ever. Somehow it had given lie'r a most un pleasant sensation to sec this woman standing with that absorbed face before the picture of her hero, " Mrs. Sufforth keeps all the keys of tlie Manor except one that opens . a; little door in yonder turrot. : You are not a witch, I trust, Mrs. Rivers, and capable of whisking through key holes?" Again Mrs. Rivers laughed, -and the silvery peal grated discordantly on Blanche's ear. ' v ' "Dear Miss Clifford r . What a droll1 idea! No, indeed — I wish I were. What fun it would bo! Oh, no; I came through the window near the south 'entrance; I shook it — only the ivy and the honeysuckle . held it down, and I < raised it as easily a3 possible, and crept through. Just fancy what 'a figure Tout; creeping like a burglar through a window !" Again that melodious laugli. But now, dearest Miss. Clifford, as; we are hero, and to-, gether, and asT am positively dying to see this dear, romantic old' house, ' will you ; not : good-naturedly turn cicerone, and show it me? Dam cei'- tain it must be full of sliding panels, and hidden trap- doors, and subter ranean passages, . and .-.that sort - of. thing, and tho pictures I know are ! superb." " There is very little time," Blanche said, drawing out her watch. "I always attend to the general's breakfast myself, and— however " with tho bright, smil ing courtesy, indicative of the lady born and bred, " I will be most happy to show you as much of tho house as wo can possibly see in half an hour. There are secret passages and hidden doors in the manor; but I am ignorant of their mysteries, so I cannot point them out. You were looking at my cousin's portrait — very good, is it not ? You never saw him, of course; but still you can easily toll that it is an, excel lent picture.1' Mrs. Rivers turned to look at it once more. . ' , /, ' , " No," she said, with a queer Smile, " I never saw your cousin, of course ; bub tho picture, as you say, is a work of art. . How. very,, very handsome ho must have been " The Cliffords aro all handsome,'' Blanche said. "That sounds con- coited," with a smile, "but I don't mean it so. Yes, ho was handsome, as an angel — poor Edward ! I remember him perfectly, young as I was, and I loved him so very, very dearly !" "How tenderly she says it!" the widow laughed. " I'm afraid you love him still, doar Blanche. I may call you Blanche, may I not ! and you will call pae Grace? There are men, they say, good enough and bravo enough and handsomo enough to die for, and ho looks as if ho might bo one of them. I have never met any of those male domigods myself ; still, very likely they exist. But he i3 a married man, is he not, my dear? Very sad story, his — Harry told it mo — and sho was an im proper person, was siio not ? Poor follow ! to bo so deluded, and at nine teen ! And those sort of women live for ever. No doubt the dreadful crea ture is in existence yet ; and there never was even a divorce, was there ?" There was none needed," Blanche said haughtily, her cheeks, flushing, her eyes fighting ; " it was no mar riage— thci-o was not oven a license — they wero married in Ireland, and ho was a minor. It was no mar riage, bhe may bo alive- — tho horrible creature who entrapped him — but Edward Clifford is as freo as tho winds of heaven. Poor fellow !" the passionate tears starting to her eyes, " lie has bitterly atoned for his one act of boyish folly !" Tho widow looked at her askance — at tho beautiful, impassioned face, and laughed onoe more. But this time the laugh had a bitter, metallic ring. "How vehement you are! Ah, it is easy to foresee what this idolised soldier's visit will ond in. And being in London, lie will coino down here, doubtless. Dear Miss Clifford, shall I .congratulate you beforehand ?" Blanche turned upon her haughtily, her great eyes afire, i " You will kindly keep your con gratulations, Mrs. Rivers, until they are called, for. Do you wish to see tho pictures 1 Because, if so, we must seo them immediately — at this hour I have very little time to spare." . She led the way, her head" thrown back, the tall, graceful figure haughtily erect, the step imperious, La Prineesse to the core. Tho widow followed, a singular and by no means pleasant smilo on her fair face. "I should like to lower that lofty pride— to stoop ,that haughty head, my dainty Lady Blanche. And I will, too, before I have done with you, as surely as my name is not Grace Rivers!" . They, wont down tho long picture- gallery, tho early morning sunlight streaming redly on mail-shirt and corslet of ;crusader . and cavalier, on branching antlors and brass helmets, cavalry swords and blue- bright sabres,' glittering dangerously. Blanche led the way, with a look on her handsome face strangely like that look of stern decision on the pictured faces of the dead and gone Cliffords gazing down upon them from tho .walls. lb was there beneath the half-raised visor of Launcelot Clifford, who fought side by side with Richard tho Liom Hearted; now half hid, yet,- .there still, amid the suavo smild and waving love-locks of- another Edward— the handsomest cavalier in the; gay court of the " Merry Monarch ;" now under the . powdered peruke and slashed doublet of Granville, the brighest star in tho court of Queen Anne. And you saw it again in the beautiful smiling 'face of- Juliet Clifford,. in her starched Elizabethan ruffle and- stiff' stomacher, under lace and farthingale — in the knight, with his blancl smile and deadly rapier— in- tho lady, with- her diamonds and stiff brocades— in all the faces of the women and men of the race. . v! There was but time for a glance at iill those — for a peep into the great 'bauqueting-room, large and lofty as a church— into - tho tapestried chambers —into tho. long . refectory, where the shadowy monks had mob for their silent meals— into the old chapel, with its holy water fonts, its idle censers, its Vacant; choir, its dim paintings and pale statues of saints and angels— into tho ceils, '. where those grim .ascetics sought their comfortless' couches. Then Blanche handed her companion a key, and turned to depart. . " I shall bo late as it is," she said, " and General Clifford detests being kept waiting. But you can go over tile houso ab your leisure, and let your self put .without the trouble of getting through. tho window. Unless, indeed," smiling, "you fear the prior's ghost." , "I don't fear tho prior's ghost," tho widow responded, gaily, "but I do a reproach from my lady. If you. will permit mo," clear Blanche — there ! I cannot bo formal— I will walk back with you. It will take us at least an hour and a half to reach Clifford." . ;. Of course Blanche assented, not best pleased, however. ; She did riot like tho affectionate widow with her very familiar "Blanche," but she was mam ma's friend, and as suoli to be treated. . She was Blanehe'3 guest, too, and that young lady had all an Arab's idea of the beauty of hospitality. You partook of hor i.bread -arid salt, and lodged in her tent, and though you were her deadliest enemy you must be treated courteously and cordially from hence forth. So, through tho golden glory of the cloudless summer morning the two ladies walked back to Clifford Park, and only separated at the house — Mrs. Rivers hastening to meet her patroness, and Blanche to minister to tho wants of the sick seigneur. Armine found her just quitting the general's apartments, arid delivored my lady's message. Miss Clifford hastened at once to obey tho maternal behest. " You sent for me, mamma," Blanche remarked, as sho entered. " I trust I see you quite recovered, this morn ing, from the fatigue of yesterday's journey?" "Thanks, dear,'' Lady Grey said, rubbing licr aquiline nose, pettishly, " I am as well, I dare saj', as I ever shall be in this world. But I am wor ried nearly to deatli ever since that absurd boy burst in upon us last night with his ridiculous news." "Absurd boy — ridiculous news,'1 her daughter repeated, surprised. "I don't understand, mamma " " There, don't protend to be obtuse. Y ou must understand. I mean Harry, of course, coming home in a gale, and crying out that Edward Clifford had returned. It isn't possible, you. know, Blanche, but still tho bare report fidgets me almost to death.'' " Indeed. And why, pray ? Colonel Clifford has suroly a perfect right to return to his native land if he chooses ?" " Yes, very likely ; only I should think, if ho possessed one atom of spirit, ho would bo ashamed to show his faco in the country where he so signally disgraced himself, and where his scandalous story is still so well known." " Ashamed to show his face ! dis graced himself !" Blanche repeated, her spirited eyes beginning to sparkle dangerously. " Are not your terms a little harsh, Lady Grey ? You are ex tremely severe on tho boyish folly, of a lad of 19 — folly for which, heaven knows, ho has long and bitterly atoned.'' " Oh, of . course !" exclaimed my lady, vehemently, "I knew how it would bo. You still adhere to your old rolo of champion. Boyish folly, indeed ! We all know tho life ho led in Paris some years ago— the drinking, the gambling, tho women, the wine — the horrors of all sorts. No right- minded j'oung lady ought to think of him without a blush." " Poor fellow !" Blanche said, bit- . terly ; " everyone throws a stone at a drowning dog, don't they, mamma ? Pray, who has boon prompting your part this morning " with a dangerously Hashing glance of the long almond eyes towards the widow. " I can scarcely believe that all this would come to you of itself, mamma. Mrs. : Rivers is your confidante and, adviser ;-but surely Mrs. Rivers can have no possible in terest in the matter.- The return of my cousin Edward can bo nothing to her, one way or the other." " Less than nothing," tho widow said, very gently, and .looking at tho haughty speaker with soft, reproachful eyes. " Dear Lady Grey, permit, mo to leave the room," "I beg your pardon,'. Mis3 Clifford exclaimed, hastily. "lam sorry if I judged you rashly." Mrs. Rivers bowed deeply. " But really, mamma, I don't see your drift. Did you send for mo merely to read me a lecture ? If so, I have not deserved it. I cer tainly did -not recall - the wanderer from South America." " But you are very glad that he has come all tho same ?" A soft flush rose to- Blanche's deli cate cheeks,; a. gentler light shon'e in the lovely eyes., . : " Yes, ". she; said, almost under her breath, : "very,- very glad! Poor Edward f Ah, mamma, don't bo hard on hiiri I His . crime was not great, arid 'see how they haye made him suffer ! Tiiiiilc of all the long, weary years of - homeless, lonely wandering over the world i'; Her voioe choked suddenly. She turned and walked away to one of the windows. Yes, it was clear enough, the memory of this ' lonely wanderer was inexpressibly dear . to Blanche Clifford. Por the past. i0 years tlie dream of- her life had been his return — her dear, romantic, idolised "Lara," to .whom 'sho. '' was . ready to play "Kaled, the adoring page, at a mo ment's notice. . , . " What nonsense !" Lady Grey cried, energetically. " Really, Blanche, you are ridiculously sentimental. Made him suffer, forsooth ! A great deal you know about. the life such riien as he, better.men : than ho, lead. Much time he lias had for suffering — fighting Sepoys .and Russians ; playing ' lion ' among the Chaumiere belles of the Quiu'tier Litin, grisottcs arid . ballet dancers, such as his wife ; his gambling, his horscracirig, arid all the rest of it. Ho would laugh in- your face if he liearcl your sentimental rubbish." , '.'My cousin, was a ' gentleman !'' Blanche said, cheeks hot, eyes Hashing, queenly, and proud. " Ho would never laugh at' me, mamma. ' Will you kindly permit jrie to go ? On this subject, you and I will never agree." "You may go, certainly. — only first promise liio not to fetch this ruined lion of tho fastest Parisian society- here. - You are absurb : enough j I fancy, oven for that:"1; : " Quito absurd f-'enobgb,'' said Blanche, standing very erect, . and with, that look- - of sternness and decision characteristic of- tho ' stiff- necked Cliffords " more- marked than ever. ." I will fetch liim here most suroly,. mamma, if I cari, and yield every sou that was to be mine, every broad acre, , to their rightful lord. This very day I will beg General Clifford for justice to his discarded son — on my knees, if necessary. I would go forth a beggar to-morrow to seo Edward Clifford, re-instated in his right!" Lady Grey gave one gasp, and fell back. Words ' wero powerless here, and her .feelings-, we're- too many for- hor. She had recourso.to her smelling salts and her pocket-handerchief. " And I will succeed, mamma," Miss Clifford continued, moving towards tho door. "His father loves him still. It will be no hard task to per suade' him to do simple justice to his only son. I am sorry if I grieve you, deal mamma,'' she said, more gently ; "but right is right tho wide world over. Until wo meet at dinner, au revoir." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 