I, W I THE GOLDEN LAMIV I A Talk op Fishjsr's Folly. I Br THOMAS ST. B. HAK& (Chambers' Miscellany.) I CHAPTER ILL i conclusion. B Holding up the lantern end peering B downwards, John Westcott found hltn- gelf at the head of a flight of bricksteps,. These Btepe were incommodionaly narrow, I being built up between the outer and ; I Inner walls of the old mansion. . It was I Impossible, with such broad shonlders as Westcott'e, to descend otherwise than I obliquely. The sensation was not I agreeable ; less so, even, than being I lowered into a well, for a rope is abrne- B lUlUg HV.U....UU.... TI1.UMH, onter world was, as it were, completely I cut off ; even the sonnd of Marian's I piano having gradually died out. Or' had ehe stopped playing ? thought West- I cott Had Mr. Carter awoke ? I Although ths chilling draught of air was lessened when the panel was closed I the cold damp atmosphere, and that I peculiar mistiness which clings to vaults I andeuch-like nodergronnd places, be- I same more perceptible at every step ; I and these steps seemed endless. Tot I he bad proposed loretnro in ten minutes. I Was it possible to complete this er- I peditlon in search of his old node's gold I in so short a time 1 It scarcely seemed nrnh&ble.; And vet Westcott did not H despair. The encouraging lookwhich B Marian had given him inspired confid- B encein bis purpose. If he had acted B Impulsively, tbe motive bad: been a B good one. His prompt decision was fl stimulated by a keen desire to save his H uncle's firm from rain ; in truth, he had B been seized with an undefined sense of B apprehension wben first encountering B tbe Indian servant in his travels. The fl man had told him, in a rambling way, B that Mr. Girdlestone's death might prove a serious blow to the business ; and he had implored his ' yonog master,' as be had called Westcott — for he had known him when a boy — to proceed I without loss of time to Fisher's Folly I and put matters right while there waB. I still time. The man had awakened a' deep interest in Westcott's mind con- I eeruiug the old honse and its enrronnd- logs, not omitting the beantifnl Miss I Carter. Indeed, the yonng man had I pictured to himself a lovely girl, from the Indian's description, lighting . the I Golden Lamp, long before the ' vision ' I came in sight. The first glimpse of Marian, when entering the precincts of Fisher's Folly a few hoars ego, had somewhat resembled tbe realiestion of a dream. I But Westcott had no time for snch I reflections at this moment ; for he bad reached tbe foot of the steps and come I upon a long passage. It was at right I angles to the steps : it widened ont H sufficiently to enable bim to walk straight-Ahead.'. Meat once quickened his pace ; but he was careful as he ad- Tinced to observed every detail of the brickwork ; for he dreaded the mere thought of losing his way in each a dark B and mysterious locality. B To anyone with a belief in the mpernatural, however slight, this was not an expedition likely to awake a B feeling of scepticism. More than one B strange fancy flashed across Westcott's B brain. A sadden current of air, which he now encountered, was "like the icy B breath of some unseen phantom that had hurried by. -But this only proved to" be, ' when be raised his lantern and examined the wails, a small iron grating, which B wssdoubtless placed there for ventilation. B But be bad no sooner expl lined away H this phenomenon than a more weird sensation seized npon him. Hie noise I of muffled footsteps broke upon his ear fl —footsteps that seemed to beapproacb- B nearer and nearer, for each moment ths; sounded more distinctly, and B beyond tbe passage along which he was. advancing. Was it tbe tread of. a sentinel, in theshapeof Mr. Girdlestone's ghost, on guard over the bags of gold! fl Westcott stopped and listened. "The' fl sonnd of the footstep ceased : he bad' heard the echo of his own footfall in an fl extensive vanlt. A pace beyond where' B be had stopped would have brought B bim to the entrance : a few feet snare fl and he wonld probably have fallen head M foremost into the cellar. H Was it to be wondered at that -the' fl Indian servant, Westcott now thought, B had fled so precipitately from this B house in Fisher's Follyafter his master's I death) If he bad once followed bim into these vaults, as the man professed H to hare done, his sudden dread conld be I understood. Mr. Girdles tone most B have seemed, in the eyes of this fl unreflecting native, something almost reperhumsn — a being whose disem- B bodledspirit haunted Fisher's Folly. Had not a shadowy form, as ' he imagined, fl sppeared to him when he was on the B Mint of revealing the secret 1 Even H Westcott, who was among the moat H sceptical concerning disembodied spirits, B begin to experience a certain indefinable H bemor ; for the vanlt at the edge of fl which he now found himself had no fl >ible limit The light ' from ' the fl jwtern in whichever way he directed B u gave bim no cine as to thedimensiohs fl the place : it was, , he.cauld, only B uouclnde, an immense cellar, fie shrank fl w'bb a natural felUng of/hemtatlonL B J'biuh direction Bhonld he t»kg?. 5f "he fl PMnded and went forward inttajjajie fl lmpsnetrable darkness, the chance jpf fl irig his way back appeared remcAe. fl His only plan wonld ' be .to follow, -if fl Posrfble, the direction of . the waltpithet to the right or to the left. By this fl he might, without abandoning pll B Pi continue the search. Before taking another atep iiorward, , B noever, he resolved to make a rilose >' M dminofian J 1 A ' "l 1 L-' \- . avu. vi. L4JB MJWC. fl vered that the entrance!. bo ; !- fl £««ge along which he had come ;%m1 I S?1 nt of the brick : wall—- -.-SSie fl Lmmetrical, but siifficentiy B OTdlnary-rimd mantteipwa fl I two or three ' jfert ffwtpwv " fl he ha bbia ,h'e,rbm!ii9i . .i fl "'a been <m the point of - etpmbling, I m t-SisiaiasEafe ' SL?y-dowii over' biruSfi1 %nd jk: ipon it. Hm day woe trodden j down into a distinct- foothpath | towards .the left and close under the wall 1 To what . point ' . cpnld j this footpath lead I Westcott. did hot I hesitate another Becond. Bending for ward, withJthe lantern alfoost tpnching the ground, he . carefully followed the beaten track. Presently he stopped and raited the antcyn.;- : ;"He vas. rpta n dingi opposite' a' cloteb -'dDOr. " ' Iriarre-rm5' patience he struck it with his heel ; but it resisted the shock. He hastened to detach the key from the lantern and place It in tbe keyhole. It fitted the lock ; bnt no force would move tbe key ; it resisted all bis efferta to turn it. Westcott drew the key out bf tb'e lock' io despair. He stood looking at it with a puzzled face. But ! presently the' puzzled expression changed. His eyes'' became ojEfpl , and animated., Efe noticed Toarka'oiE Yrriat npon the'ey— luaras wnicn were not were wben he placed it in tbe lock. He knelt down and opened the lantern. - Having- sin- screwed the Jamp:qearM>e MOkJtefonnd the lower part 'lirtreUbks'friflt tfnll of oil. He poured some drops upon the. key and again: .thrust it in the. keyhole. After some persoasion it began to show signs of yielding. The key .moved, then stock, then moved again. Weitcott's patience was becoming exhausted : his face flashed, and his hand shook from exciteernnk r£3nddpnlythe keyturned, and the' "3oor Saw opeff. "WeatcdtF raised the lantern hastily above his head and went steadily forward. MdantefiilA tfn rinsitnv aelaan in laaa mvwwnmio| uati v>1 out| (aoionl i u uko armchair, was dceaming -abpnt .his old partner. He dreamt thbt ImWnld bear .him pacing op and down the dining -hall, while he sat at his writing table io the office hcloy.- It sqpmedjto bjn> tatMr.- Girdlestone had foatid ont the ilisastroas ' state of affairs : that the discovery had brought him ont of hie .rave, . and that he was exerting all his great financial faculties in order to eave the honse ; and his peculiar walk, as. it appeared, to Mr. Carter, expressed his. anger at the situation. He felt himself greatly humiliated. H e had not'tbe courage to go and place the matter clearly before Mr. Girdlestone. He was persuaded of his inferiority as a financier — though he hsd done hie best, as he kept . wpeatiug. to- himself, he ' had done bis best.' Bat the monotonous tread of his relentless partner still went -on : it seemed to enter into the very throbbings of his brain. He conld not shut out the sound... At. length it became so unbearable that he cried out in despair, and awoke. ' Did yon call me, father I' Marian was. standiognt. the entrance- to the'dimng-nusm with ihfer.eyes - fixed 1 anxiously npon the merchant. Mr. Carter pat his hand to his forehead perplexedly. ' A strange - dream,' he muttered. Then suddenly looking up, he said : ' Where is John 7' Marian glanced at the clock. The ten minutes which John Westcott bad named had almost expired. Wonld he return? She listened with intense eagerness for any indication of his com ing. Agsin Mr. Carter passed his hand across his brow. ' I have been dream ing,' said ha ' Am I -dreaming now.?' i — and he glanced round the room. Sad-! denly he started ap. 'Where is the Golden Lamp t' At this moment, Marian, standing within her bondoir and near the secret panel heard a slight noise ; bat she dreaded to look round ; she dreaded to take her eyes from her father's face. She spoke to herself in a low tone of despair : ' What shall I doj' Immediately a muffled tone whispered in reply: ' Tell him everything Ailisi well.' Mr. Carter had sooken-into -hie chair- Marian approached him. Her face unfJj' a miidmi', Aif grAtthndeand deflight-Bnt thb irieSrchkat did not 'look' up. 'I have been dreaming,' he -repeated.: ' 1 dreamt that Mr. Girdlestone had come back to life — that he was paring up and down this room. He seemed to know, all about oar troubles. Marian sat down beside the merchant.'1 Father, ' said she, " I, too', have had a dream.' He looked up with a smile. 'About Mr. Girdlestone 1' There -wasalwayH: something cheerful in his daughter's voice. ; ' Partly, 'she replied, ' and partly about his money.' ' "r ' ' His money, Marian ?' 11 Fes. I have -been dreaming : that; news had reached us about : Mr. ' Girdte-i stone's Indian servant. Hehnew every-, thing connected with his master's affairs ;; he even -knew the meaning of '.-that key which has' been- so long a mysteiy to us.' ' .'.Why, Marian' — — ' ' Tbat is not all. The newa tbat .nanllall no IK q fBSm ivnn f4lAfeif.hR bey opened a secret strong-rooin. ; The Indian was consclons-strickeh ; ,a'nd , bn Iris death-bed implored some one to oome and tell as nil about ' it. And,' added Marian,' ' some one come — - some one who took 'the lantern nntl- the keyanfl went ioBearch of the «trong-po.m;; for in this secret triate,rM ', t- - dreamt, - there are bags and bags of gold.' : Hie merchant jwAs now looking keenly into his daughter's" faee.' Marian riid not return his glance, bnt /-she placed ber hand persuasively ori Jriajirm ; for be had half risenifrom his vdiair: /The or w.Fao "rejthis -jtfiStliidian : wrtehroom , bflopfidfl ti4snet->«,peiwflre|teed to Mr; Griestone-— foUowjj,Sn- strnaSnos'rwi fpuria-rr - : Marian oia .jdp longer JggggjJjP?r 'flnflSflffMnt .af-nvTriW flflt ofiaMlSMl ftlT« IImb gnesaed Hm taeaxp her ?PlfflA was r beginninjpSimpre- nerdhat it might, not coawjupoP Ipm \- «effly:<Y:8hBbost(MS looH« Ewe. is tret The person to wnom nr. i Girdlestone's servant confided all this is Mr. Westcott. But it was his wish, be- fotf raisjtyonr expectations, -to jnake smbMroat-W'-nian's stbtfy was.-welt founded. It is well founded ; andJMn, Westcott is waiting to tell yon alL-thei details himself.' . Marian indnced ber father to resume |his place by the hearth. He saw down, and with bis hand pressed to his forehead, stared vacantly at the. fire. Bnt suddenly he looked up. A quick step had caught his ear. Westcott stood before him with tbe lantern in one hand and an old-looking bag in the other. r , . 'Mr. Carter,' were his first words, ' make yonr mind easy. The house of Girdlestone and -Company is saved. This bag mnst contain '-at least ' a thousand guineas, and there are mote than fifry 4ike.it in e strongrroomi Ts not (bis conmnmng i as westcott spoke, he lifted the bag suddenly.- It was yellow etedardttet from age,'. and the action of rniriugUt bqretjopen thesldes, and the floor was immediately covered with gold. The guineas clinked aod span about fo/all riuectionaq. and . some of them, rolling towards ' the hearth, settled down at Mr. Carter's feet. Neither John Westcott -nor Marian's firtherlthbnfeht of seeking ahy rest -that night.' , Ihey were too deeply occupied with a minute examination of the cellars under the (fid houte in Fisher's Folly, aod the bags of gold tbat Mr. Girdlestooe's relative had discovered there. No place c»uld navs better served a .hoarder's jiutpuocd 3 avh ati rreus a acvicii . oiHUXlg- room that had been bnilt centuries ago in which to store treasure in tbe time of civil war'or "serious rioting in the city of London. . . ; It would have done Mr. Girdlestone's bpart good, let as hope, had he wit nessed the prosperous turn which the o|d firm now" took. ' Under Mr. Carter's instruction — for Marian's father was in reality an excellent man of business — John Westcott became io time as great A financier as his uncle had been before Mm. - And when he was urged to accept a partnerehip io tbe honse, a year or twiTafter the .memorable! .date' of .ltis! retarnto, England, he could not.refiip ; for jjie ad Marian had in Jffie meantime learned to lore each other. Besides, the will which i he ; -fonad bad named him his ancle's -heir. ' And so, after their marriage, Mr. Girdlestone's house was for many years their chosen hornet \- The old mansion in Fisher's Fully,, still standing jn these modern. times,.ia still untenanted. It has » -lonely ;and dilapidated appearance. 'Hie windows — including the great central window,, within .which tbe Golden ..Lamp -once etood-are begrimed - witb dost and sinoke ; and the steps below are as as antiquated tombstones. . A -great padlock and ' chain are affixed to the -front door ; for the lease has ran oat at last, -and this iandmark in tbe history of London will soon be demolished and forgotten. 