ONE OF OUR CONQUERORS/ By George Meredith. Chapter XXXVII. the night of the great undelivered speech. To n man issuing from a mortuary where a skull had voice, London may be restora tive as air of Summer Alps. It is by con trast blooming life. Observe the fellowship of the houses shoulder to shoulder; and that straight ascending smoke of the preparation for dinner; and the good policeman yonder, blessedly idle on an orderly Sabbath even ing : and the families of the minor people trotting homeward from the park to tea ; here and again 011 amiable carriage of the superimposed people driving to pay visits; thevareso social, friendly, inviting to him; tlie'v strip him of the shroud, sing of the Biveet old world. He cannot but be moved to the extremity of charitableness neighl>our ing 011 tears. A stupefaction at the shock of the positive reminder, echo of tiie fact still shouting in his breast, that lie had seen Mrs. Hurman, and that the interview was over—the leaf turned and the book shut—held Victor in a silence until his gratefulness to London City was borne down by the more human burst of gratitude to the dying woman, who had spared him as much as she could a scene of the convulsive pathetic, and had not called on him for any utterance of penitence. That worm-like thread of voice came up to him still from sexton- depths: it sounded a larger forgiveness without the word. He felt the sorrow of it all, as lie told Nataly ; at the same time bidding her smell "the marvellous oxygen of the nark." He de clared it to he quite equal to Lakelands. She slightly pressed his arm for answer. Perhaps she did not feel so deeply? She was free ot the horrid associations with the scent of Jlari ohale. At any rate, she had comported herself admirably! Victor fancied lie must have shuddered when he passed by Jamiman at the door, who was almost now seeing his mistresss's ghost—would have the privilege to- morrow. He called a cab and- drove to Mrs. John Cormyn's, at Natalv's request, for Nesta and mademoiselle; enjoying the Londonised odour of the cab. Nataly did not respond to lus warm and continued eulogies of Mrs. Bur man: she rather disappointedhim. He talked 11 , j £old-and-\vhite furniture, he just alluded to the Cupid, reserving his mental comment that the timepiece was all astray, the Cupid regular on the swing:—strange, touching, terrible, if really the silly gilt figure symbolised! . . . And we are a silly figure to lie sitting in a cab imagining such tilings! —when Aesta and mademoiselle were oppo . 1 .the pleasure to see Nataly take esta 8 „,?nd and hold it until they reached home. 1 hose two talking together in the till/ W |? °f their deep feeling had tones filial Y®1!? Sl"?u.'arly alike; the mezzo-soprano j divine maternal contralto. Those 0 dear ones mounted to Natoly's room. , "e .Uvo. dear ones showed themselves Innt-o i "ii ,irt together once more ; each amnn'f (! ■' JlaPpi°r for it, Dartrey was £:"£ 'rnir dinner-guests, and Nataly took to lid 11 j' f blue-room before Bhe went tion in v- .^"i.not speak of their conversa er £, r'- but counselled him to keep o t /XClt^ent- "M>' dear fellow. Victor 1.! iStMmj h,er w»th Mrs. Burman!" ness t! ' and '°udly praised her cool affirmed ' Was llever be,ow a situation, he lii?Nata!v°We«i Ha own counsel to humour about Mr' '11 bcSan panting at a word CvS BiiWs ^ady Berv5ces- w,,en. tween iVirtrn ,e 8tate°f affairs he eath of tliem3tn ? Nesta, by the avowal of " Your a said, embracing her: almost evi^w!'"-1 11 fiuide a8> love," and it, "guished a vexation by concealing wiu^sfnii •' ^ on? cou'd think, tliat a duties of ttmt8 ret'olutionary ideas of the Bafe-or n?,n ■' ,a"d their powers, would lie '8 both one of <V, "Vi Fu"led a mftn who tbe;ideas he ent^insT?1 Wildest hl ^'bich^v^tndi ww ft® earldom, "ky in a futile m^lni1® R088ip8'crack 0,1 the 8lio wi« -v ?°cket-bouquet. Sir!! my girl 1 '|jhe. "to®"®*1: " My with oiiewhnLi BhouldjWish to leave her husband Ni>Vv^i0re ®r®d—1theold-fashioned hut in Society ?M,8b ®o®e in politics, 5'°ung liavirur liS? w°man 1 And the Bated! Nesfi? ,.5? ?' ar.® the most endan 8uf|Ports KV0W8 her We to it 1 Dartrey ftAfSS: 8aBid Victor- ".Odd, Colney -though you dnA-f m<; dueer way he has. oi nig nation's protecting Ood oliserv 0! publishing tlifs work bM been pui "wW by tbe proprietors ot " The Auswstasbn. to seize it t—Dead failure with the public, of I course I However, he seems to seem wise with you. The poor old fellow gets his trouncing from the critics monthly. See Colney to-morrow, my love. Now go to sleep. We have got over the worst. I speak J at my meeting to-morrow and am a cham pagne-bottle of notes and points for them." liis lost Idea drew close to him in sleep: or he thought so, when awaking to the con ception of a people Btlilificd, rich and poor, by the common pride of simple manhood, but it was not coloured, not a luminous globe: and the people were in drab, not a shining army on the march to meet the I uture. It looked like a paragraph in a tinwcmannt* hixah - T 1^ newspaper, upon which a Leading Article sits, dutifully arousing the fat worm of sarcastic humour under the ribs of cradled citizens, with an exposure of its excellent folly. He would not have it laughed at; still he could not admit it as more than a skirt of the robe of his Idea. For let none think him a mere City merchant, million naire, boon fellow, or music-loving man of the world. He hod ideas to shoot across iuture Agesprovide against the shrinkage of our Coal-beds ; against, and for, if you Tike, the thickening, jumbling, threatening excess of population in these Islands, in Europe, America, all over our habitable sphere. Now that Mrs. burman, on her way to bliss, was no longer the dungeon-cell for the man lie would show himself to he, this name for successes, corporate nucleus of the enjoy ments, this Victor Montgomery Iladnor. in tended impressing himself upon the world as a factory of Ideas. Colney's insolent charge, tlint the English have no imagination—a doomed race, if it be true!—would he con futed. For our English require but the lighted leadership to come into cohesion, and step ranked, and chant harmoniously the song of their benevolent aim. And that astral head giving, as a commencement, example of the right use of riches, the nation is one, part ot the riddle of the future solved. Surely lie had here the Idea? He had it so warmly that his bath-water heated. Only the vision was wanted. On London-bridge he had tteen it—a great tiling done to the Hash of brilliaut results. That was after a fall. There had been a fall also of the scheme of Lakelands. Come to us with no superstitious whispers of indications and signitications in the tall! —Hut there had certainly been a moral fall, fully to the level of the physical, in the main taining of that scheme of Lakelands, now ruined by his incomprehensible Nesta—who hod saved him from falling further. His bath- wutei chilled. He jumped out and rubbed furiously with his towels ami llesli hrushes, chasing the idea for simple warmth, to huve something inside liim, to feel just that sustainmenfc ; with the cry: but no one can say 1 do not love my Nutaiy ! And lie | tested it to prove it by his readiness to die for lu-r: which is heroically easier than the devotedly living, and has a weight of evi dence in our internal Courts for surpassing the latter tedious performance. His Nesta had knocked Lakelands to pieces. Except for the making of money, the whole year of an erected Lakelands, notwithstanding unin terrupted successes, was a blank. Or rather we have to wish it were a blank. The scheme departs: payment for the enlisted servants of it is in prospect. A black agent, not willingly enlisted, yet pointing to proofs of service, refuses payment in ordinary coin ; and we tell him that we owe him nothing, that lie is not a man of the world, has no understanding of Nature: and still the fellow thumps and alarums at a midnight door we are astonished to lind we have in our daylight house. How is it? Would other men he so sensitive to him? Victor was appeased by the assurance of his pos- i session of an exceptionally scrupulous con-! science; and he settled the debate hv think-! ing: Alter ail, for a man like me, battling 111- j cessantly, a kind of Vesuvius, I must have— | can't be starved, must be fed—though, pah ! i but I'm not to be questioned like other men. I —but how about an aristocracy of the con-j tempt of distinctions? —but there is no: escaping distinctions!—my aristocracy de spises indulgence.—And indulges?—Say, an exceptional nature! — Supposing a certain beloved woman to pronounce on the case?— She cannot: no woman can be a just judge of it. He cried: My love of her is testiiied by my having Harmhyliandy to right her to-day, to-morrow, the very instant the clock strikes the hour of my release! Mention of the clock swung that silly gilt figure. Victor entered iiito it, condemned to swing, and lie a thrall. His intensity of sensutioa launched him on on eternity of the swinging in ridiculous nakedness to the measure of Time gone crazy. He had to correct a reproof of Mrs. Burman. as the cause of the nonsense. He ran down-to breakfast, hoping he might hear of that clock stopped, and that sickening motion with it. Another letter from the Sanfredini in Milan, warmly inviting to her villa over (Joiuo, acted on him at breakfast like the waving of a banner. " We go," Victor said to Nataly, and ilattered-up a smile about her lips—too much a resurrection smile. There was talk of the Meeting at the theatre: Simeon Fenellnn had spoken there in the cause of the deceased Member, was known, and was likely to have a good reception. Fun and enthusiasm might be expected. "And my darling will hear her husband | speak to-night," he whispered as he was de Darting ; and did a mischief, he had to fear, for a shadowy knotcrossed Nutaly's forehead, she seemed paler. He sent back N'esta and mademoiselle, in consequence, at the end of the Green-park. Their dinner-hour was early; Simeon Fcnelhm, Colney Durance, and Mr. Peridon —pleasing to Nataly fur his faithful siege of the French fortress—were the only guests. When they arose, Nataly drew Victor aside, lie came dismayed to Nesta. She rau to her mother. "Nothearpapaepoak ? Oh,mother, mother! Then I stay with her. _ Hut can t she come ? He is going to unfold ulecm to us. There!" «uum u^iwvu iuv. w ev, ..— shall he at peace when the night is over. "but you will he all alone here, dearl mother." ' Nutaly's eyes wandered to fall on Colney. * • ■ • •- ~ - tn.„ He proposed to give her his company. She | declined it, Nesta ventured another declined it, Nesta ventured another en treaty, either that Bhe might he allowed to stay or have her mother with her at the Meeting. "My love," Nataly said, "the thought of the Meeting " She clasped at her breast; and she murmured: " I shall he comforted by your being with him. There is no danger there. But! shall he happy, I shall be at peace when this night is over. . Colney persuaded her to have linn for com nbninn. Mr. Pcridon. who was to ha\e pknion. Mr. Pcridon. w no was w uaw driven with Nesta ana mademoiselle, won admiration by proposing to stay for an hour and play some of Mrs. Hadnor's favourite M 1 AforliAWJ Kfltalv'fi Ullil IHtU oumw V* . • pieces. Nesta and Victor overbore Mtalj s *• . i. jL_ Miinmaih' bO MF« objections to the lovers' generosity. So Mr. I Pcridon was left. Nesta came hurrying back from the step of the carriage to kiss her mother again, saying: "Just one last kiss my own 1 And she's not to look troubled. I shall remember everything to tell my own mother. It will soon be over." Her mother nodded; but the embrace was passionate. Nesta called her fattier into the passage bidding him prohibit any delivery to her mother of news nt the door. " She is easily startled now by trifles—you have noticed ?" Victor summoned his recollections and as sured her he had noticed, as he believed he had. " The dear heart of her is fretting for the night to be over! And think!—seven days and she is in Lakelands. A fortnight, and we have our first concert. Durandurte! Oh, the dear heart'll be at peace when I tell her of a triumphant meeting. Not a doubt of that even though Colney turns the shadow of his back on us." " One critic the less for you !" said Nesta. Skepsey was to meet her carriage at the theatre. Ten minutes later, Victor and Simeon Fenellan were proceeding thitherward on foot. "Ihave my speech,"said Victor. "You prepare the way for me, following our influen tial friend Dubbleson ; Colewort winds up ; anyone else they shout for. We shall have a great evening. I suspect I Bhall lind Themi son or Jarniman when 1 get home. You don't believe in intimations? I've had crapy pro cessions all day before my eyes. No wonder, after yesterday 1" " Dubbleson mustn't drawl it out too long," said Fenellan. " We'll drop a hint. Where'a Dartrey ?" " He'll come. He's in one of his black moods ; not temper. He's got a notion he killed his wife by dragging her to Africa with him. She was not only ready to go, she was glad to go. She had a bit of the heroine in her and a certainty of tripping to the deuce i if she was left to hersell." "Tell Nutaly that," said Victor. "And tell her about Dartrey. Harp on it. Once she was all for him and our girl. But it's a woman—though the dearest! I defy any one to hit on the cause of their changes. We must make the best of tilings, if we're 1 for swimming. The task for me to-night I will be, to keep from rolling out all I've got in my head. And I'm not revolutionarv, I'm for stability. Only I do see that the ! firm stepping-place asks for a long stride to be taken. One can't get the English to take a stride—unless it's to a foot behind them: —liother old Colney! 'Too timid, or too scrupulous, down we go into the mire. There !—But I want to say it! I want to save the existing order. I want Christianity, j instead of the Mammonism we're threatened | with. Great fortunes now are becoming the | giants of old to stalk the land: or mediaeval I Barons. Dispersion of wealth is the secret, i Nataly is of that mind with me. A decent j poverty! She's rather wearying, wants a [ change. I've a steam yacht in my eye, for next month on the Mediterranean. All our set. She likes quiet I believe in my politi I cal recipe for it." | lie thumped on a method he had for nre ; serving aristocracy—true aristocracy, amid a ! positively democratic flood of riches. " It appears to ine you're on the road to Priscilla Graves and Pempton." observed Simeon. "Strike off Priscilla's viands and friend Pempton's couple of glasses,and there's your aristocracy established; but with rather a dispersed recognition of itself." " Upon my word, you talk like old Colney, except for a twang of your own," said Victor. " Colnev sours at every fresh number of that serial. The last, with Dc-lphica detecting the plot of Falariquc, is really not so bad! The four disguised members of the Conn-die Francaise on board the vessel from San Francisco, to declaim and prove the superior merits of the Gallic tongue, jumped me to bravo the cleverness. And Bobinikine turn ing to the complexion of the remainder of cupboard dumpling discovered in an emi grant's house-to-let! And Seniiiians—I for get what: and Mytharete's forefinger over the bridge of his nose, like a pensive vulture on the skull of a desert camel! But I complain, there's nothing to make the Eng lish love the author: ami it's wasted, lie's basted, and the book'll have no sale. I hate satire." "hough soap for a thick skin, Victor. Does it hurt our people much?" " Not a bit; doesn't touch them. But I want my friends to succeed!" Their coming upon Westminster Bridge changed the theme. Victor wished the Houses of Parliament to catch the beams of sunset. He deferred to the suggestion, that the Hospital's doing so seemed appro priate. "I'm always pleased to find a decent rea son for what ts,' he said. Then lie queried: "Hut what is, if we look at it, and while we look, Simeon? She may be going—or she's gone already, poor woman! I shall have that scene of yesterday everlastingly before my eyes, like a drop curtain. Only, you know, Simeon, they don't feel the end, as we in health imagine. Colney would say, we have the spasms and they the peace. I've a mind to send up to Kegent's Park with inquiries. It would look respectful. God forgive me!—the poor woman perverts me at every turn. Though I will say, a certain horror of death I had—she whisked me out of it yesterday. I don't feel it any longer. What are you jerking at?" " Only to remark^ that if the thing's done for us, we haven't it so much on our sensa 8ations." " More, if we're sympathetic. But that compels us to be philosophie-ror who could live! Poor woman!" " Waft her gently, Victor!" " Tush! Now for the South side of the Bridges ; and I tell you, Simeon, what I can't mention to-night: I mean to enliven these poor dear people on their forsaken South of the City. I've my scheme. Elected or not, I shall hardly be accused of bribery when I put down my first instalment." Fenellan went to work with that remark in his brain for the speech he was to deliver. He could not but reflect on the genial man's willingness and capacity to; do deeds of benevolence, constantly thwarted by the position into which he had plunged himself. They were received at" the verge of the crowd outside the theatre-doors by Skepsey, who wriggled, tore, and clove a way for them, where all were obedient, but the numbers lumped and clogged. When finally they readied the stage, they spied at Nesta's box, during the thunder of the rounds of applause, after shaking hands with Mr. Dubbleson, Sir Abraham Quatley, Dudley Sowcrby, and others; and with Heaves Urmsing—a politi cian "never of the opposite party to a deuce of a funny fellow 1—go anywhere to hear him," he vowed. " Miss Radnor and Mademoiselle de Seilles arrived quite safely," said Dudley, feasting on the box which contained them and no Dartrey Fenellan in it Nesta was wondering nt Dartrey'a absence. Not before Mr, Dubbleson, the chairman, the "gentleman of local influence," had animated tlie drowsed wits and respiratory organs of a packed audience by yielding place to Simeon, did Dartrey appear. Simeons name was shouted, in proof of the happy ex olosion of lits first anecdote, as Dartrey took seat behind Nesta. " Half an hour with the dear mother," he said. Ncsta'a eyes thanked him. She pressed the hand of a demure young woman sitting close behind Louise de Seilles. " You know Matilda Pridden." Dartrey held his hand out. " Has she forgiven me ?" Matilda bowed 'gravely, enfolding her affirmative in an outline of the no need for it, with perfect good breeding. Dartrey was moved to think Skensey's choice of a woman to worship did him honour. He glanced at Louise. Her manner toward Matilda Pridden showed her sisterly with Nesta. ire said : " I left Mr. Perridon play- j ing.—A little anxiety to hear that the great | speech of the evening is' done ; it's nothing else. I'll run to her as soon as it's over." " Oh, good of you! And kind of Mr. widon V She turned t/» Lnnise. wlm smiled Peridon!' She turned to Louise, who smiled | at the simple art of the exclamation, assent ing ; Victor below, on the stage platform, indi cated the waving of a hand to them and his I delight at Simeon's ringing points: which were, to Dartrey's mind, vacuously clever and crafty. Dartrey despised effects of oratory, save when soldiers had to be hurled on a mark—or citizens nerved to stand for their country. Nesta dived into her father's brilliancy of appreciation, a trifle paineJ by Dartrey's aristocratic air when he surveyed the herd of heads agape and another cheer rang round. He smiled with her, to be with her, at a hit here and there; he would not pretend an approval of this manner of winning electors to consider the country's 1 interests and their own. One fellow in the | crowded pit, affecting a familiarity with Simeon, that permitted the taking of liberties with the orator's Christian name, mildly amused him. He hacl no objection to hear I "Simmy" shouted, as Louise de Seilles] observed. She was of his mind in regard to the rough machinery of Freedom. Skepsey entered the box. "We shall soon be serious, Miss Nesta," he said, after a look at Matilda Pridden. There was prolonged roaring—on the cheerful side. " And another word about security that! your candidate will keep his promises." con tinued Simeon: " You have his word, my friends !" And he told the story of the old Governor of Goa, who wanted money and summoned the usurers, and they wanted security; whereupon he laid his Hidalgo ! hand on a cataract of Chronos-beard across his'breast, and pulled forth three white hairs, and presented them: " And as honourably to the usurious Jews as to the noble gentle- ! man himself, that security was accepted!" Emerging from hearty clamours, the illus trative orator fell upon the question of I political specifics:—Mr. Victor Radnor ] trusted to English good sense too pro- i foundly to be offering them positive cures, as they would hear the enemy say he did. Yet a bit of a cure may be offered, if we're not for pushing it too far, in pursuit of the science of specifics, in the style of the foreign physi cian, probably Spanish, who had 110 practice, ami wished for leisure to let him prosecute his anatomical and other investigations to discover his grand medical nostrum. So to get him fees meanwhile lie advertised a cure lor dyspepsia—the resource of starving doctors. And sure enough his patient came, j showing the grand fat fellow we may be when we carry more of the deciduousiy mortal than of the scraggy vital upon our persons. Anyone at a glance would have prescribed water-cresses to him: water-cresses exclu sively to eat for a fortnight. And that the good physician did. Away went his patient, returning at the end of the fortnight, lean, and with the appetite of a Toledo blade for succulent slices. He vowed lie was the man. Our estimable doctor eyed him, tapped at him, pinched his tender parts: and making him swear he was really the man, and had eaten nothing whatever but unadulterated i water-cresses in the interval, seized 011 him . in an ecstasy by the collar of his coat, pushed him into the surgery, knocked him over, killed him, cut him up, and enjoyed the felicity of exposing to view the very healthiest patient ever seen under dissecting hand, by favour of the fortunate discovery of the specfic for him. All to further science !— to which, in spite of the petitions of all the scientific bodies of the civilised world, he fell a martyr on the scaffold, poor gentleman! but we know politics to be no such empirical science. Simeon ingeniously interwove his analogy. He brought it home to Leaves Urmsing, whose laugh drove any tone of apology out of it. Yet the orator was asked: " Do you take politics for a joke, Simmy ?" He countered liis questioner: " Just to liberate you from your moribund state, un friend." Ancl he told the story of the wrecked sailor, found lying on the sands, llung up from the foundered ship of a Salva tion captain ; and how that nothing could waken him, and there he lay fit for inter ment ; until presently a something of a voice grew down into his ears ; and it was his old chum Polly, whom he had tied to a board to give her a last chance in the surges ; and Polly shaking the wet from her feathers, and shouting: "Polly tho dram dry!"— which struck on the nob of Jack's memory, to revive all the liquorly tricks of the cabin under Salvationism, and he began heaving, and at last he shook in a lazy way, and then from sputter to sputter got his laugh loose ; and he sat up, and cried : " That did it 1 Now to business !" for he was hungry. " And when I catch the ring of this world's laugh from you, my friend! . . Simeon's application of the story was drowned. After the outburst, they heard his friend again interruptingly: " You keep that tongue | of yours from wagging, as it did when you got round the old widow woman for her | money, Simmy 1" Victor leaned forward. Simeon towered. He bellowed: " And you keep that tongue of ] your from committing incest on a lie!" It was like a lightning-llash in the theatre. The man went under. Simeon flowed. Con science reproached him with the little lie had done for Victor, and he had now his con genial opportunity. Up in the box, the powers of the orator were not so cordially esteemed. To Matilda Pridden, his tales were barely decently the llesh and the devil smothering a holy occasion to penetrate and exhort., Dartrey sat rigid, as with the checked impatience for a leap. Nesta looked at Louise when some one was perceived on the stage bending to her father. It was Mr. Peridon ; he never once raised his face. Apparently he was not intelligible or audible: out the next moment Victor sprang erect. Dartrey quitted the box. Nesta beheld her father uttering hurried words to right and left. He passed from sight, Mr. Peridon with him ; and Dartrey did not return. Nesta felt her father's absence as light gone: his eyes rayed light besides she hod the anticipation of a speech from him, that would win Matilda PriddenvSlie fancied Simeon Fenellon to be rather under the spell of the hilarity he roused, ^gentleman be hind him spoke in his earij an® Simeon, in stead of ceasing, resumed liispow. Matilda Priddeii's gaze on him and Xhe people was painful to behold: Nesta saw her mind. She set herself to study a popular assembly. It could be serious to the call of better leader ship, she believed. Her father had been telling her of late of a faith he had in the English, that they (or so her intelligence translated his remarks), had power to rise to spiritual ascendancy, and be once more the Islanders heading the world of a new epoch abjuring materialism ; some such idea ; very quickening to her, as it would be to thisearnest young woman worshipped by Skepsey. Her father's absence and the continued shouts of laughter, the. insatiable thirst for fun, darkened her in her desire to have the soul of the good working sister refreshed. They had talked together; not riiuch : enough for each to see at either's breast the wells from the founts of life. The box-door opened, Dartrey came in. He took her hand. She stood up to his look, lie said to Matilda 1'ridden : "Come with us ; she will need you." " Speak it," said Nesta. He said to the other"She has courage ?" "1 could trust to her," Matilda 1'ridden replied. Nesta read his eyes. " Mother?" His answer was in the pressure. «. In r " No longer." "Oh ! Dartrey." Matilda 1'ridden caught her fast. " I can walk, dear," Nesta said. Dartrey mentioned her father. She understood : "I am thinking of him." The words of her mother: At peace when the night is over," rang. Along the gassy passages of the back of the theatre, the sound coming from an applausive audience was as much a thunder as rage would have been. It was as void of human meaning as a sea. 