THE REASON OF THE SIOUX REVOLT, SOME GOSSIP ABOUT SITTING BULL, / Pall Mall Gazette,) The Sioux revolt bids fair to bo a murderous business before the hatchet is buried and the pipe of peace is smoked, Dakota lma about SO,000 Indians, divided into two dozen tribes, and only about one third have assumed the ways (and the clothes) of civilization. About one-tenth are agriculturists, and their children attend twenty-one day sohools and eight board ing-schools, the average daily attendance beinp 826, The number of Dakota Indians who can read is under 2,000, The amount of land held in reserves by the Indians is over 41,000,000 aores, of which 5,000,000 are well adapted for fanning purposes. The tribes, however, only oultivate 10,000 aores, They have more thon 24,000 horses, 7,000 head of cattle, and 600 swine. HOW THE QUARREL HAS ARISEN, The Red-man troublea have exiated for many years, arising out of pluuder and broken faith on the part of the Government on the one hand, and retaliation and reprisals on the other, The present orisia is due, firstly, to bad faith on the part of the American Government in supplying insufficient food of poor quality; secondly, to the way in whioh the Sioux have been cheated out of their lands without receiving the pro mised reaompenae; and thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of visionaries, who find the ground well prepared for the receptiou of their mystical outpourings, "ghost danoes," aud all the rest of it, The sale of the Sioux lands was recently l.he subjeot of a treaty negotiated by General Crook-who ia affectionatly styled ly the tribesmen " tho Indian's friend, which would confer countless benefits, it waa represented, on the Sioux, Ultimately they were induced (not without misgivings) to Bign that treaty; and within a month the Government issues of rations and other supplies, with annuities and so forth, were out down to the tune of £3,000,000 sterling a year ? General Orook, wuo had always acted in good faith, took this dis honourable cheeseparing policy ao much to heart that his grief ia said to have hastened his death. , THE DIFFICULT? OF DEALING WITH THE INDIANS, The present embroglio ia also due in part, perhaps, to the absence of anyoue ao well equipped for the delicate task of conciliation as General Crook, It is no easy matter to manage Indiana. Ignorant, Buspicioua, and mischievous, they are yet shrewd to resent what they con sider an inault. They will beg tobacco, for instance, shamelessly j but they are humiliated if their request is denied, "THE NAPOLEON OF THE REDSKINS," * Canada's polioy towards the Red-men haB been framed on more humane and Btraight forward lines than that of the United States, but the Sioux who entered the Dominion with Sittiug Bull some years ago were troublesome for a time, now and then, Sitting Bull, who has been styled by the enter prise of American journalism " the Nupo leon of the Redskina," is undoubtedly a born leader of men, a fact which has been proved over and over again in muny u sortie by the great chief and his braves. It is the penalty of gteatuesa-even in the case of a out. throat savage warrior-to be misrepresented; and Sitting Bull cannot complain on thia score, for ho bus bueu gibbeted (in print) from time to time as a loafer, a dude, a thief, a graduate of Yale, a graduate of West Point, a "coffee cooler" (whatever that may be), a brave man, and an arraut coward, HOW THE WARRIOR'S FAME BEGAN, ? About 1867 Sitting Bull was a blanket warrior on the plains, He was bold and in dependent, and despised the whites, 'Two yfiHrs later he began to attract attention, One of IVIa tribe was murdered-as he «aid-in " coltf blood." He met General Mprrow for a " jiow-Vow " on the subject, and the General, - foreseeing tho diffionltios that must arise, con-' se'ntj-d l<»\" cover " the body-that is he piled blaincf'ts and presents over the corpse until Sitting BullVteolnrod himself satisfied, Prom his inclt/penden^ and fearless aotion on thia oc casion liia succi^s may bo dated, His forces immediately begii>> to grow in numbom and in influence, and ultfMiatuly ho found himself at tho head- of one of tli«: most powerful tribes of tho plains. He mai <> In'a cam)) in the wilds, allowed no white visii.pia to his ti riilory, anch wished dimply to ;bn'left "alono, Ho nover asked tho Government (\>r favours. Ho lived .on-th'o Yellowstoim rivpri claiming nil tho latod along that stream and ita\trumtarioa, ma JMil-'KAT OK ilICK^CliAL tlU.S'l'Kli. In 187o and 1870 a trifling squabble (such a,B may usually bo found at .the root of those quarrels) lea to a prolonged afcnl bitter struggle, fortunately accompanied by littlo bloodshed, Entrenohing his forcca around for peace, the beleaguered garrison at last found themselves face to. fnca with an even more redoubtable enemy than Sitting Bull-they were in peril of starvation. At great risk they managed to send a mesBago for relief. When Sitting Bull heard . that tho troopa were on the way he gave a pro mise that if, as he imagined, thasoldiera were only coming to take away the whito men, not a gun should be fired, and the besieged men should be suffered to depart in peace, That promise was honourably kept, but as soon as evacuation was complete tho great chief burned the fort to the ground, War waa declared, however, against Sitting Bull, and the rash attack on him by General Custer (who lost his life and his whole command) at the battle of Little Big I Horn (26th June, 1870) is matter of history, Of Sitting Bull's conduct during the tight there are conflicting accounts : but immediately after it he broke up liia village and fled to the mountains. After doing all he oould to keep his country, he was forced to give it up, and to seek refuge under tho British.flag. Once in Canada, Sitting Bull and his people longed to Tetum to the Stales. What h.w happened sinco is matter of such recent history that it is unnecessary to recall it here, THE CHIEF'S CRUELTY TO HIS CAPTIVES, Sitting Bull's method of dealing with his male captives was as follows i~The wretched victim was tied to a tree or down on the ground. His tongue was then torn out and his sinews cut from arm and leg and bound round his feet, and whilo he still breathed a fire was kindled on his stomach, After tho rebellion some enterprising impressario started a sort of circus Bhow with Sittiug Bull as tho central figure, and such was the execration in which lie waa held that at the first performance he was shot at, No wonder that in warfare with Rod Indiana the white horseman reserves the last chamber of his revolver for himself. WHAT SITTING BULL LOOKS LlliK. In personal appearance (says a writer who knowa him well) Sitting Bull ia about 5ft, 8in. tall, and his weight is 1301b, A shot in the hip soma yeara ago has somewhat shortened his left leg, and caused him to walk with a liravj. He is fifty-aix yeara old, and of a aulky disposi tion. When talking it is hia habit to squat down on hia heels-whence hia name, Hia neck ia short and thick, hia head large, hia face full, and hia forehead high, Hia eyeB are deep set, and does not care to look a stranger in tho face save when he ia angry, wheu he glarea with eyes that burn like a coal, He ia a burly and remarkable Indian, whom many consider a great man. [We have learned by cable of Sitting Bull's death in a recent tight.] Kentucky girla have long enjoyed ft reputa tion for nerve nnci courqga above their siatera of other States, In the beginning of last moilth a young Indy of thia region awoke one night and henrd n burglar stealthily moving about in her room, She iny atill until he had gone out, then got up, lighted a candlo, and found n loaded revolver. She pursued the burglar with these, and found him at bay behind n door, " Hold up your hands," eho cried, which ho did, while she fired three allots out of the | window, which brought the police, Other pyople, with the. beat intention?, have been Igsb fortunate, and have found their revolvers taken from them nnd turned against themBelvea» but perhaps tho Kentuckjan variety of burglar is inspired with chivalry by the superior plmrnQter pf the girls of hia State, 