Chapter XXXVIIL In the still dark liour of that April morn ing, the Kev. Septimus liarmby was roused by Mr. l'eridon, with a scribbled message from Victor, which lie ilecioliered by candle-light held close to the sheet of paper, between short inquiries and communications, losing more and more the sense of it as his intelli gence became aware of what dread blow had befallen the stricken man. He was bidden come to fulfil his promise instantly. He remembered the bearing of the promise. Mr. Peridon's hurried explanatory narrative made the request terrific, out of tragically lamentable. A semblance of obedience had to be Dut on, and the act of dressing aided it. Mr. Barmby prayed at heart for guidance further. The two gentlemen drove westward, speak ing little ; they had the dry sob in the throat. " Miss Radnor?" Mr. Barmby asked. " She is shattered ; she holds up; she would not break down." " I can conceive her to possess high courage." " She has lier friend Mademoiselle de Seilles." Mr. Barmby remained humbly silent. Af fectionate deep regrets moved him to say: " A loss irreparable. We have but one voice of sorrow. And how sudden ! The deai lady had no suffering, I trust." " She fell into the arras of Mr. Durance. She died in his arms. She was unconscious, he says. I left her straining for breath. She said 'Victor;' she tried to smile: I under stood I was not to alarm him." " And he too late!" " He was too late, by some minutes." " At least 1 may comfort. Miss Radnor must be a blessing to him." " They cannot meet, lfer presence excites him." That radiant home of all hospitality seemed opening on from darker chambers to the deadly dark. The immorality in the moral situation could not be forgotten by one who was professionally a moralist. But an incor ruptible beauty in the woman's character claimed to plead for her memory. Kven the rigorous in defence of righteous laws are softened by a sinner's death to hear excuses, and may own a relationship, haply perceive the faint nimbus of the saint. Death among us proves us to be still not so far from the Nature saying at every avenue to the mind: Earth makes all sweet. Mr. Durance had prophesied a wailful end ever to the carol of Optimists '. Yet it is not the black view which is the right view. There is one between: the path adopted by Septimus Barmbyif lie could but induce his brethren to enter on it! The dreadful teaching of circumstances might help to the persuading of a fair young woman, under hie direction . . . having her hand disengaged. —Mr. Barmby startled himself in the dream of his uninterred passion for the i maiden: lie chased it, seized it, hurled il ] hence, as a present sacrilege:—constantly, and at the pitch of our highest devotion to serve, are we assailed by the tempter! Is it, that the love of woman is our weakness? Foi if so, then would a celibate clergy have grant of immunity. But, alas, it is not sc with them ! We have to deplore the hearing of reports too credible. Again we are pushed to contemplate women as the mysterious obstruction to the perfect purity of soul. Nor is there a refuge in asceticism. No more devilish nourishcr of pride do we find than in pain voluntarily embraced. And strangely, at the time when our hearts are pledged to thoughts upon others, they are led by woman to glance revolving upon ourself, our vile self ! Mr. Barmby clutched it by the neck. Light now, as of a strong memory of day along the street, assisted him to forget him self at the sight of the inauiinote houses of this London, all revealed in a quietness not less immobile than tombstones of an unending cemetery, with its last ghost laid. Did men hut know it! The habitual necessity to amass matter for the weekly sermon set him noting his meditative exclamations, the noble army of platitudes under haloes, of good use to men ; justifiably turned over in his mind for their good. He had to think, that this act of the justifying of the act reproached him with a lack of due emotion, in sympathy with agonised friends truly dear. Drawing near the hospitable house, his official and a cordial emotion united, as we see sorrowful crape • wreathed countenances. Iiis heart struck heavily when the house was visible. Could it be the very house? The look of it belied the tale inside. But that threw a ghostliness on the look. Some one was pacing up and down. They greeted Dudley Sowcrby. 1 Usability to speak was tasked. They gathered, that mademoi selle and " a Miss l'ndden were sitting with Nesta, and that their service in a" crisis had been precious. At such times, one of tliein reflected, woman has indeed her place; when life's battle waxes red. Her soul must be capable of mounting to the levd of tiie man's then! Itisalesson! . Dudley said-he waB waiting for Dr. Thom son come forth. lieoould not tear lum selltcornsight of the house. Theddor opened to Dr. ThemlsQn depart ing, Cblney Durance and Simeon_ lrcUell(Ui bare-headed. Colney showed a IaO| f$lth7. Stains of the lashing pfdeggfc , ' Dr. Theiuison gave --ippwjjl . fcdfi " Her father must not fee net. J|!br f may have to be a A' the best. Mr. Dartrey Fenellan stays beside him—good. As to the ceremony he calls for, a form of it might soothe—any soothing pos sible ! No music. I will return in a few hours." He went on foot , p Mr. Barmby begged advice from Coluey and Simeon concerning the message he had received-the ceremony requiring his ofhcia presidency. Neither of them replied. The> breathed the morning air they gave outlong drawn sighs of relief, looking on the trees ot t^A 'man came along the pavement, working slow legs hurriedly. Simeon rail down to ^""Humour, as much as you can," Colney eaid to Mr. Bannby. " Let him imagine. " Miss Radnor ?" m " Not to speak of her! " The daughter he so loves T _ Mr Barmby's tender mquisitiveness was unanswered. Were they inducing him to mollifv a madman! But was it possible to associate the idea of madness with Mr. Rgimeonrollback. "Jarniman,"heremarked. Now"' Colnev's shoulders expressed the comment "Well, now, Mr. Barmby, you can do the part desired. Come iu* It s morning . He stared at the sky. All except Dudley passed in. Mr. Barmbv wanted more advice, Ins dilemma being acute. It was moderated though not more than moderated, w hen he was informed of the death ot Mrs. Burman Radnor; an event that occurred, according to Jarniman's report, forty- tive minutes after Skepsev had a second time called lor informa tion of *it at the house in Regents-park: five hours and a half, as Colney made his calcu lation. after the death ot Nataly. He was urged by some spur of senseless irony to verify the calculation and correct it 111 the minutes. . I Dudley crossed the road. No sign of the | awful interior was on any of the window s j of the house either to deepen awe or relieve, i Thev were blank as eyeballs ot the mindless. ( He shivered. Death is our common cloak ; but Calamity individualises, to set the un-. wounded speculating whether indeed a, stricken man, who has become the cause , of woeful trouble, may not be pointing a ■, moral. Pacing on the park side of the; iiouse. he saw Sbepsey drive up and leap out with a gentleman, Mr. Radnor s lawyer. I Could it be, that there was no will written . i Could a will lie executed now ? The mora i was more forcibly suggested. Dudley beheld : thi-; Mr. Victor Radnor successful up all the i main steps, persuasive, popular, brightest of! the elect of Fortune, felled to the ground! within an hour, he and all his house ! And ; ii at once to pass beneath the ground, the ; blow would have seemed merciful tor mm. \ Or if. instead of chattering a mixture ot the , rational and the monstrous, he had been i heard to rave like the utterly distraught i Recollection of some of the things lie shouted, I was an anguishA notion came into the noor man, that he was the dead one of the two, and he cried out: "Cremation: No, Colnev's right, it robs us of our last laugh. I lie as I fall." He " had a confession for Iris Natalv, for her only, for no one else. He had "an Idea." His begging of Dudley to listen without any punctilio (putting a vulgar oath before it), was the sole piece of unreasonableness in the explanation ot the idea • and that was not much wilder than the «tuff Dudley had read from reports of Radical speeches. He told Dudley he thought htm oo young to be "best man to a widower bout to be married.'' and that Barmbj was J coming all haste to do the business, because ot no time to spare." Dudley knew but the half, and lie did not envy Dartrey Fenellan his task of watching over the wreck of a splendid intelligence, humouring, and restraining. According to the rumours, Mr. Radnor had not shown the gvmptoms before the appearance of his daughter. For awhile he hung, and then fell like an icicle. Nesta came with a cry for'her father. He rose; Dartrey washy. Hugged fast in iron muscles, the unhappy creature raved of his being a caged lion. These things Dudley had heard in the l0There are scenes of life proper to the grave Cl Nataly's dead body was her advocate with her family, with friends, with the world. Victor had more need of a covering shroud to keen calamity respected. Earth makes all eweet: and we, when the privilege is granted us. do well to treat the terribly stricken as if they had entered to the bosom of earth. That night's infinite sadness was concen trated upon Nesta. She had need of her strength-of mind and body. _ The night went past as a J"®?1: £. - followed it as a refreshing night. Slowly lifting her from our abysses, it was a good angel to the girl. Permission could not be given for her to see her father. She had a home in the modest home of Louise de Seilles on the borders of Dauphine ; and with French hearts at their best in winningness around her, she learned again, as an art, the natural act of breathing calmly; she had by degrees a longing for the snow heiehts. When her imagination could perch on them with love and pride, she began to recover the throb for a part in human action. It Bet her nature flowing to the mate she bad chosen, who was her counsellor, her supporter, and her sword. She had awakened to new life, not to sink back upon a breast of love, though thoughts of the lover were as blows upon strung musical chords at her boBom. Her onion with Dartrey was for the having an ally, and the being an ally, in resolute vision of strife ahead, through the veiled dreams that bear the blush. This was behind ft maidenly demureness. Are not young woman hypocrites ? Who shall fathom their guile I A girl with a pretty smile, a gentle manner, a liking for wild flowers up on the rocks; and graceful with resemblances to the swelling proportions of garden- fruits approved in young women by the con noisseur eye of man ; distinctly designed to embrace the state of marriage, that she might eiri of singularly lucid and receptive eyes) the better ^ve battle to men touching Setters which they howl at an acentric matron for naming- So it was. And the viddhigofher hand to Dartrey would have ^HiMueil at that period of her revival as amoSth® baser appliances of the fleshly ifshe bad hot seen in W whom she ownol leLderTher fellow soldier, warrior fnend, hero of own heart 8 mould> but a on Como, at the villa of the fiiSoganfredini. when Dudley's rthftr. * with the supplicating of his earldom. An Eng • *_riri«^oiwhIle was proposed to her at liah Other the Countess. He ft* ^aSldnotStbabrilliantheiresa. always felt that he The ^M^SiS proved in figMW. They S?ri^n^jSidb(rt melting. But she was ^jfSsbySfl goodiSssin visiting ^Lii^hvtiie hobefol news he \- ^aoe of abode. There her father's perfect recover}-; the signs were auspicious ; he appeared to be restored to the likeness to himself" in the instances Dudley furnished: —his appointment with him for the flute-duet next day; and particularly his enthusiastic satisfaction with the largeness and easy excellent service of the residence m which he so happilv found himself established. He held it to be. "on the whole, superior to Lakelands." The smile and the tear rolled together in Nesta reading tliese words. And her father spoke repeatedly of longing to embrace his Fredi, of the joy her last letter had given him. of his intention to Bendan immediate answer: and he showed Dudley a pile of manuscript ready for the post. He talked of public affairs, was humorous over ail}- extravagance or eccentricity in the news he took: notably when he alluded to his envy of little Skepsey. He said he.really did envy; and his daughter believed it and saw fair prospects in it. Her grateful reply to the young earl con veyed all that was perforce ungentle, in the signature of the name of Nesta \ ictoria Fenellan: a name he was to hear cited among the cushioned conservatives, and plead for as he best could under a pressure of disapprobation, and compelled esteem, ^The^av^ollowing the report of her fathers wish to see her. she -and lier husband started for England. On that day, \ ictor breathed his last, Dudley had seen the not hopeful but an ominous illumination of the stricken man : for whom came the peace his Nataly had in earth. Often did Nesta conjure up to vision the palpitating form of the beloved mother witli her hand at her mortal wound in secret through long years of the wearing of the mask to keep her unite inspirited. Her gathered knowledge of things and her ruthless penetrativeness made it sometimes hard for her to be tolerant of a world whose tolerance of the infinitely evil - stamped blotches 011 its face and shrieked in stains across the skin beneath its gallant garb. That was only when she thought of it as the world condemning her mother, She had a husband, able and ready, in return for cor rections of his demon temper, to trim an ardent young woman's fanatical overflow of the sisterlv sentiments; scholarly friends, too. for such restrainings from excess as the mind obtains in a lamp of History exhibiting man's original sprouts to growth and fitful continuation of them. Her first experience of the grief that is in pleasure, for those who have passed a season, was when the old Concert- set assembled round her. \\\ hen she heard from the mouth of a living w oman, that she had saved her from going under the world's waggon-wlieels, and taught her to know what is actually meant by the good living of a shapely life, Nesta had the taste of aharvest happiness richer than her recol fection of the bride's, though never was bnde in fuller flower to her lord than she who brought the dower of an equal valiancy to Dartrey Fenellan. You are aware of the reasons, the many, why a courageous young woman requires of high heaven, far more than the commeudably tinud, a doughty husband. She had him; otherwise would that puzzled old world, which beheld lier step out of the ranks to challenge it, and could not blast her personal reputation, have commissioned a paw to maul her character, perhaps instructing the gossips to murmur of her parentage. Nesta \ ictoria Fenellan had the husband who would have the world respectful to an}- brave woman. This one was his wife. .... Daniel Skepsey rejoices m service to his new master, owing to the scientific opinion he can at any moment of the day _app]y for. as to the military defences of the country; instead of our attempting to arrest the enemy by vociferations of persistent prayer:—the sole point of dif ference between him and his Matilda; ana it might have been fatal but that Nesta s intervention was persuasive. The two mem bers of the Army first in the field to enrol and give rank according to the merits of either, to both sexes, were made one. Colney Durance (practically cynical when not fanci fully, men said) stood by Skepsey at the altar. His published exercises in Satire produce a flush of the article in the Reviews of his books. Meat and wine in turn fence the Hymen beckoning Priscilla and Mr. Pempton. The forms of Religion more than the Channel's division of races keep Louise de Seilles and Mr. Peridon asunder: and in the uniting of them Colney is interested, because it would have so pleased the woman of the loyal heart no longer beating. He let Victor's end be his expiation and did not phrase blame of him. He considered the shallowness of the abstract Optimist exposed enough in Victor's his tor}'. He was reconciled to it when, look ing on their child, he discerned, that for a cancelling of the errors chargeable to them, the father and mother had kept faith with Nature. THE END. 