Chapter m. A GALE IS THE GREAT SOUTHERN OCEAN AND THE SOHETBIXG WOHSE THAT FOLLOWED. It was certainly very strange, but after I recovered my presence of mind, I could not have sworn positively that Allan Fraser fmrl attempted to destroy me. I was aware that I had leaned over the taffrail a good way, and he might after all have fancied that I was in danger, and acted accordingly, heaving me forward somewhat in order to get a better grip of me. Terror and excitement might have caused all the rest. But although I confessed to myself that all this was possible, never for a wintrlg itiMhtni- imaainpJ if tn lui probable, and my belief that Allan Fraser had attempted my life was not shaken. Under such circumstances it was insufferable to hear Allan continually being praised and con gratulated for the good deed he had done, and to find myself compelled either to echo such sentiments or to be set down as an ungrateful brute whom it would have been almost as well to have allowed to drown. One good thing that the incident taught me was to be cautious and of the folly of waving a red flag before a bull s face when there is nothing between him and the beast's horns. I( was a lesson worth learning. Well,, we weren't long now in getting down into the very cold latitudes. those dreary regions where there is a clean sweep of sea all round the world, with never so much as an island or even a rock to check its course, and where the wind blows almost continually from the west, hurling the huge billows eastward like watery mountains, and carrying the great ships along in their course as though they were mere bubbles or corks. Night and day two men were stationed at the wheel. and the day* .were but aii hours long and the nights eighteen. Very little canvas dared the struggling vessel show to such winds as now Mew, yet they urged her along at such a rate that she often made a. run of three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours. But oh the dreariness and the horror of those tlmo* ^-ith their grey skies and their greyer seas, the cold— the damp— the utter blankncss and esoUtion. The longing gaze dwelt day after day and week after week upon an ocean without a ship, & sky without a sun ; on decks that the waves tore over like boondine horses on bulwarks riven and rent into matchwood, with yawning fissures here and there ; on life lines etretchfld from stem to stern, and on yellow oilskin clad, sou' wester hatted sailors clinging to them as they went about their duties. Then at times the hatches were battened down as well, and we passeugers were half suffocated in the nearly dark saloon, which the fog wonld somehow or other manage to penetrate and nil, though ozone couldn't and there we would aitwith nothing tlse to do but gaze into each other's faces, whilst tlie billows would buffet and lioom against our fragile craft till she would seem to shudder and shiver like some living thing in mortal agony, and (he water wonld leak in between her straining timbers ami saturate our ]-ed and lidding Luiuu^u djiu uiruiigii. i thought that the worst had surely come then, but I was grievously mistaken, for a gale arose wliieh lasted three days and nights, and compared with which all that had gone before was less than nothing. Battening of hatches was no good then. The sea forced its way through everything, and washed down the compiinioii ladder into the saloon, where it was so«.n playing a game of Jeap frog across tiie dining taljle. It invaded the state rooms, swamped i!ie lower berths, and splashed up into the higher ones in lrhfcb. we poor wretches lay to avoid being drenched and perhaps drowned. Meanwhile the wind shrieked and the ocean roared and moaned so that we could not hear each other's voices, and all the light which we received was from the luminosity of the invading waters, and that was a most ffliastlv light iudeed. S J Now and then the captain would come down the ladder, and wade thigh-deep tkronn-h the flood to get a certain cupboard and a certain brandy bottle, and sometimes he would yell through his great copper speaking trumpet, for the general benefit, ere lie returned to the deck, some such words of comfort as 'She holds together yet,' or 'Still afloat, my hearties,' but for a long while nothing more encouraging. At last, however, when tbingB appeared to us to have reached the hopeless stage, and Allan Fraser was praying aloud, but in so agonised a manner that it struck me, as I lay just at his elbow with my ear almost touching his lips, that no really good young man could have had so intense a fear of 'death as he evidently entertained, the Captain came down yet again, wi-l on this occasion bellowed out cheerily, 'The worst is about over, for the barometer's rising. I guess the gale will have blown itself out before eight bells.' And it had blown itself out by then, and some three hours later we were all allowed to go on deck, with strict injunctions, however, to hold on by the life lines, though I imagine that even the very bravest of ns would hare done so without the advice, for it was a truly fearful scene that we gazed on, as such a sea I never beheld even in pictures ; but then artists don't often go so far as the great Southern ocean for their subjects, compared with which Biscay's Bay, even in Us most perturbed state, is but n milJpond. A storm mainstay sail was all in the way of canvas that the ship dared show, and now that the force of the gale had* moderated she pitched more desperately than she had done when tbe storm was at its height, at one moment thrusting her bows right under until even her capstan had dis honse and casting tons of slimy green water on to her main deck, which would rush ont through the huge g\ps that fortunately had been rent in her bulwarks. Three men were lashed to the wheel and could just manage to control it Had it overpowered them but for an instant the ship would hare been whirled round and turned broadside on to the eastward rushing waves, in the twinkling of an eye. The rest of the watch on deck were dinging here and there to ropes and shrouds as limpets might filing to rocks, tightening their grasp and holding their breath as first one hnge wave and then another rose high in tiie air and threatened to break on board and sweep away all before it, Some times we would be lifted np on the back of some mighty roller and carried along with wonderful velocity, and on one of these occasions we saw, at what seemed no great distance, an iceberg gleaminc vast and spectral between leaden hacd sea, and pall Hke o«.j. ai w«s oi great nognt, and rose sheer out of the water, but we were only vouchsafed a moment's sight of it, for the next we were sliding down into a deep ocean valley again' till the shiny ahimmery water rose on all sides of ns higher than either of our mast heads. It was at this juncture that a cry was raised ty one of the nfen at the wheel of ' Hold on r~ Hold on for your lives f and with one exception we followed the advice, without nrst endeavouring to ascertain why it was given. That exception was Allan Fraser. He looked round ere he tightened his grasp upon the life line, and the consequence was that, whilst the rest of us were merely carried off oor feet and then dashed down on to the deck lie wae swept away into thescuppers, and as we all thought at the time carried over board. A trifle further forward he would are gone out through a vast fissure which , ^1 tom ™ **? o*1**1*^ but, as it was, he had been dashed against woodwork that '? J'?'1* and inst*ntly gripped something which kept ham afloat in aboat a yard depth of hiding, swirling, gurgling water He, however, evidently thought himself in dire extremity, for he shrieked for succour, and a couple of us somehow or other managed to rescue him, hdpbim up the sloping deck, and close his hands around the life line, which we told him not to let go of again as he valued his existence. Instinct, however, was stronger than fear and hardly had the words of advice escaped our lips when his left hand had quitted its hold on the rope to be thrnst deep into his waistcoatpocket,«Ae/»cto that held the turnip witch. It lingered there but an instant, and then was withdrawn to clutch at the rope jam, but the expression of thankfulness, almost indeed of ecstatic joy tliat passed over Alkn Fnaer's face was a strange eight to behold as he unconsciously murmured in perfectly audible tones, 'Safe, safe, quite ' Why you seem to be more thankful on yonr^watch's account that you are on your own I could not help exclaiming, indeed I could liarnlv rwi«i *h*» t-^rw^r.*^,*: ? _r ^ ? - it out of Ma pocket by force and aolving the qnMbon „ to it, contents then and there before them alL Had it been safe to let eo of be hfe rope for a single instant I verily believe that I should have done so. A6 it was. hoirever I rerolvnj that l.y hook or by crook the « itcli should change hands very ebortly at all evenu for a brief M-hfle. Well, very soon all of us had had quite enouRh of Ihc -rave swept deck, and were clad ~ ? enough (o return to the saloon, wherein the water was now not much higher than onr ankles and in places was already covered «ith a tluu layer of ice, so that we were thankful to climb into our banks. The worst was, how ever, over, that was lo say for the time, and in another twenty-foor hours the place had dried up and tlic angry seas no longer swept our decks, so the cook was able to light his galley lire ones more to produce hot coffee and cooked food, which had been strangers to us or days. Then as the weather got better and better we all of us Wan to enjoy the deck again, and to watch the carpenter and his mates repairing the shattered and riven bulwarks, the men np aloft bending freth sails to replace those which the wind had shed to nbbons or else carried bodily away like crcat fluttering while birds ; aud talking of birds our attention was now caught and fascinated by the lmge albatrosses that swept over the surface of the sea for miles and milet without single flutter r.f their cnoimous pinions and . thescoreiMid nonieU meshondrede of little ).irda closely resembling pimmn which tomotimra Boated like docks all aronnd the ship and accompanied her on her course. For the albatrosses we naed to fish, baiting abarohook with a lump of pork and floating It with a cork. Now and then tile lure was successful, pork and book were lilted . together, and the united .ttrengtb of half a dozen of as would succeed in hauling one of the great birds aboard. Theii bodies were as big as tfaelargest swam, and their wings ivlien expanded vonbl sometimes measure us modi a» fifteen feet from tip lo tip. l!ot the sailors no more lilted this diversion of ours than did those who voyaged with the Anoint Unrhier, and not a few of them declared I hat evil would ran of it before long. Allan Fraser took no port in this what he called ' most cruel sport,' and seemed to Ik; lost in anabnost perpetual reverie- I thought lo myself, whenever I caught him smiling, and witfi a faraway look in hia eyes, that lie ivas pondering upon what enjoyments be'd get out of the fifty thousand pounds that the aloleu diamond wonld produce, and whenever this notion occurred to me Tin sorry to say I experienced a difficulty in curbing menial ejaculations that would iiive been highly improper, for he no langn- wore kit old turnip ««**. He bad evidently secreU.il it soaie wberc. and as he always kept lib cabin door forked, and doubtless Uic bcx or trunk which contained it as « ell, all chance of my liiiug able to get it necmed to be pact I could think of nothing but my disappoint ment, that is to say for a considerable while. The weather was notv tolerably fiir for tiu.-h a latitude, bnt both sky and sea. continued grey, and the cold was intense, die decks lidiii; sometimes covered .vilb ice and the ropes ami yards also. Ah tbat onr Captain oared very little concerning, but about the non-uppear ancc for days and nights together of 6uu, moon, stars, be evidently did care ii great deal, for without one or other of theui he could not take observations with Iu- sextant to discover where we exactly were, and so bad to depend on what they call tie tl r H-oj-m/j/. winch is a very unsatisfactory method at the best, though Captain Miller thought liiuisdi a dab at it. Had be not done so be would assuredly not. bare said to us e* confidently and cheerily one Sunday after Church service in the ualoon— ' WTell, gentlemen, we shall chance oceans during the day or the night, and to-uorrow morning at breakfast I nliall be able to con gratulate yon on being in the South Atlantic instead or the South 1'arffic' Hardly, how ever, bad the words fjnitfed bis lips wheu there came a- yell rather than a bail from the deck of — ' Breakers on the port bow,' f Uowcd after only a second's pause— ' JU _pn the port bow,' in still shriller accents. BfKSSB^flBaense ! A fog bank and a school of wbaleaTut &ut;'t be anything more !' ex claimed die Captain, but for all that be looked like a man who bad suddenly clapped eyes on » ghost, and he rushed towards tiic coiujianion ladder in such a hnrry that he scut Allan Fraser, who was inadvertently glandiug in the way, spinning across the saloon. When he bad disappeared we all stood staring at cadi otlier scarcely knowing what to think, and soil less what to do, yet feeling vaguely tbat something terrible was at baud. Another sninntc or two and a sudden shock threw us in flll directions £ and as ue .lay struggling ou the floor of tbe saloon we heard a horrid xrunch ing, rending sound, and knew instinctively tbat the ship was on tbe rocks. How we got on deck I can hardly telL I fc-ioiv tin re was * straggle, each striving to be first. Bat there were only seven of iu-t so the crush was not a ereat one, and in a couple of minutes we all knew tne worst, and iu addition that rouch worse there could not be, for we were bard and fast aground, and at lesstbau a quarter of a mile's distance lay a black beach upon wluch '~ a traneudous sea was rolling, and Mack clifls rising op therefrom in awful ami rugged majesty almost to tbe very Bkv. 'Good God, it's the Horn T Captain Miller exclaimed as he passed close by us wringing his bands. ' I've run loo far north. Fve made a slip between two occaos. We art. all lost souls. We are all lost souls. '' He seemed to bave lost bis head, aud it wa? the first mate who called out from forward :— 'Lower away the boats- She'd goiu^ lo pieces already. There's a hole in her. Ijous big enough for a whale to come in at, and she's fixed as Sim as the rock o' -Sil)ralta.;-. Lower away and look slippery at it, Luis.' There was uo ueed for tltis last piece of advise for everyone sprang to tbe davits, thougn there seemed small chance indeed of a ship's boat living in such a sea ; bat they were tbe straws at which drowning wen clutch, aud we all assisted at tbe lowerin . of them, all at least save Allan Kraser. He had Koi.e below again and I could casilv guess what l:e had gone for. Nut that 1 felt much iutcres' at a crisis like the present cither in the silver turnip watch or iu what 1 believed it tu contain. Dear life was at stake, tor the .ifflfflgnTfft Lnml was falling to pieces before ?pneiinited force of wind and waves as a house ™ bnilt of cards falls to pieces before die breath of the child. Her planks were already starting in all directions, and her fore and main masts had fallen into the boiling tea. 