THE SCIENCE OF FICTION IS THE NOVELIST BORN OR MADE? Three men so very different as M. Paul Bourget, Mr. Walter Bosant, and Mr. Thomas Hardy take part in a symposium in the New Review upon "The Science of Fiction"—which is as much as to say that the subject is treated from three widely varying standpoints. The author of "Mensonges" gives us a delicate little essay upon the schools of fiction—the school of Flaubert and Turguenieff, the school of Balzac, and the school of analysis. Mr. Besant, as a practical man, discusses the feasibility of an Academy of Fiction; and Mr. Hardy feels impelled by his poetic vein to say that it is impossible to set forth the science of fiction without writing "a whole library of human philosophy, with instructions how to feel." There is much that is interesting in M. Bourget's definition of the art of fiction: "The art of fiction is the art of imagining and de- picting persons. Here we seem to have a principle capable of making a line of separation between two classes of novelists. To delineate a character the writer may, in fact, employ two methods. The first consists in effacing himself behind his hero, so that his own impression does not influence the reader's; his own views are not mixed up with his narra- tive; he is like a watchmaker who has made a watch. Whether that watchmaker was merry or sad, fair or dark, young or old, the watch does not tell us. Its function is to tell the time. In the same manner the personages of the novel should, according to this method, come and go, live and breathe, without re- vealing anything respecting him who has thus manu- factured them. Thus it is, say the partisans of this method, in the actual world. You meet a man in the train, at a table d hote, or in the drawing-room. This man speaks and acts before you; you judge him by his words and acts. It is for the novelist to present people to us in the same manner by their words and acts. This is somewhat pedantically called the objective system. There is another method which consists in the writer explain- ing what his characters are while delineating them. He makes them act before us, and he com- ments upon their acts. He studies them, and he communicates to us the reflections thereby suggested. Stendhal, Georges Sand, Balzac proceed in this manner." M. Bourget finds that the novelists of action and of manners, as well as the analytical novelists, have their faults; but the whole matter, he points out, is full of difficulties:—"Whenever we touch these general æsthetical problems we feel that they include an infinite number of particular problems. How, for instance, is the historical novel, as treated by Flaubert in 'Salammbo' to be connected with thoe idyllic novel as conceived by Georges Sand in her Berri stories, and the novel of manners? What becomes of the analytical novel when it transforms itself into a novel with a purpose, or when it devotes itself to the study of morbid matters, as in the queer stories of an Edgar Poe or a Hoffmann? In which nation has romantic literature most abun- dantly flourished, and why have the English, the Russians, and the French excelled in it, while the Germans and the Italians have merely followed at a distfance? Of what development does it appear to be still capable, or does its apogee indicate the approach of its decline? These are unsettled questions which all deserve to be treated in minute detail. What a vast field a critic like Sainte-Beuve would have before him if he wished to write that 'Historie des Especes Littéraires,' almost all of which remains to be traced, and which would be a history of the real modern rhetoric!" Mr. Besant is much touched by the unhappy fate of the young novelist, condemned to make an inadequate use of his material because he can get no instruction in the technicalities of his art. Least of all can he expect help from the unspeakable reviewer: "I am not one of those who entertain a blind ani- mosity to reviewers. I do not picture them as a tribe of wolves lurking for their prey in anonymous shade, nor do I imagine a disappointed and envious crowd, longing for an opportunity to backbite and to slander. Quite the contrary. Revieweers, I have always found, are human creatures-men and women. Therefore, they are good or bad, kindly or spiteful, scrupulous or unscrupulous, truthful or false. Mostly, thanks, perhaps, to the control and the choice of the editor, they incline to the better qualities. That, at least, is my own experience. The reviewer of the novels, if he can afford to read what he reviews, for the most part contents himself with a single expression of fact. He says that he likes the book or that he does not like it. This is the meaning of his criticism, that, and nothing more. He says it in three lines, as in some papers, or in half a column, as in others; but this is all he says. It amounts to this and nothing more. And the young writer who reads the reviews hoping to find guidance or leading, or the recognition of any laws or canons of art, or the perception that there are any such laws, may look in vain." "Can the technicalities of novel-writing be taught?" asks Mr. Besant. He is entirely of opinion that they can: "In a school of fiction I can conceive a lecturer dis- secting a work, or a series of works, showing how the thing sprang first from a central idea; how this idea gradually attached itself to a central figure in a central group; how there arose about this group scenery the setting of the fable; how the atmosphere became presently charged with the presence of man- kind, other characters attaching themselves to the group; how situations, scenes, conversations, led up little by little to the full development of this central idea. I can also conceive of a school of fiction in which the students should be made to practice observation, description, dialogue, and dramatic effects. The student, in fact, would be taught how to use his tools. In this way tho young writer might at least bo saved a groat many disgusts and disappointments, mid u deal of valuablo (imo.. Ho wouM loam ut tho outset somothiug of whatis absolutely uocossary. Ho would especially learn, unless bis teachers wore podante, that moro knowlodgo of tlio tochniquo is usolons with- out a natural aptitude for tho art is present to bugin with. But what if tho natural aptitude is not pre- sent f Wa shall than, it will bo objected, bo training a hordo of moiliocro and incompetent novelists. Not at all., It would bocomo moro and moro impossible for tho bad noveUst to got his workpublisTiod, oven on tho baso and ignominious tenus of paying for it." Very ib'florunt aro Mr. Hardy's opinions. Ho grants tho valuo of observation, hut points out Unit a groat doal moro than that is acodad to maka u novolist: 11A sight for tlio finer qualitios of oxistonco, an car for tlio '.still sad.musio of humanity,'aro not to ba acquirod by tho outer sonaos alono, olosod as thoir powers in photography may bo.' What cannot bo dis- cerned by oyo and ear, what moy bo apprehended only by tho mental tactiUty that comos from a sympa-' pathotio appreciativeness of lifo in nil ita matiifoatn tious, tliia is tho gift which rondors itu possessor a more accurate dolinoator of human uiituro than ninny uuothor with twice his powers and moans of external' observation, but without that sympathy. To soo in half and quarter vioivs tho whole pichiró, to catch from a fow bara tho wholo tuno, is tho intuitivo power that supplios Uta wbuld-bo story writer with tho Boieutifio buses for lils pur- suit. Once in a crowd a .listener hoard a noodv and illiterate woman saying of another poor and haggard woman who had lost her llttlo son yearn bofore, ' You can soo tho ghost of that child in hor face ovon now.' That speakor was ono who, though sho could probably noitliur road nor write, hud tho truo means towards tlio 'science'of fiction innato within hor-a powor of obsorvation inforuiod by a living heart. Had she boon trained In tho techni- calities, sho might liavo fushionod hor view of mor- tality willi good effect-a rolloction which lends to a eoiijoctnro flint perhaps truo novelists, Uko poets, aro born, not mada. 