TIIE WEEK'S- UlCIflfG. _ ? -v ? I ? ? r Tnttoi'sinirs Summer Mooting. MUMM. WINS THE CUP. Jloorouold Ilacos. ' The second, day's rtieiiiR of Tnttersnll's Sumiaor JIootiuR wiis, lilio tlio first, i larcelv nttonded. Taking tlio wonthor for ? »|i in 'all it wna not so oppressively warm ; »s was anticipated, but tho aftornoon rnvu ' »f Old Sol woru not so mild as thoso of tlio iorunoo.tf. Tlioro is .roally no positivo ' jneani of nscoUiiinins how many wuro present, but if tho number on tho opening day reacliod 15,000 then tlioro ia no harm ? in say ing that fully 20,000 put ? in an ftiinciirunco on Thursday. Tlio uiniuijjo ,,..mt wns nreoisolv similar to tho opening day, and if anything tho truck wiu, owing |; 1 to rccout line wenthor, a triilo firmer ana Jj faster. Mr. J. 1!. OlitTo oeoupiod tlio - ? judge's rostrum nuil guvo his verdicts i without hoaitntion in thu most siitinia.. ' torv innnuor, and Sir. Thomas Watson I tu.-coedod in despatching his fluids in tho most meritorious fashion.' Tho rivalry ? lictweon tho fair sex to outdo ono anotbor in corgeoua costumes ivas quite as up- ; I«irunt?is on uny day at Kaudwiek, and a I tti-oll past tho grand stand while tho races woro biiing run would well liavo repaid anyone for tlioir outlay to witness tho BiHixtaclo alone. With half a dozon raws to lui put through, considering tho lurfci- j fuilds, a commencement was uoeosanry at 1 p.m., and an they woro roofed oft* up- 1-'' I ndvertisod timo and littlo delay oceunv I r.t tho post in tlio last race thoio who i were fortunato' eijon«jh to catch tho first batch of tmni woro landed in town at 0 v p.m., which permitted of amplo time to j-n-paro for tlio ovouing's amusemuiiU ' without iuconvenionco. Proceedings com ? mnnoed with tho nuproprintely-itamed \ ' Kew Year's Gift, for which tiftj-livo nominations had been received, and no fewer than twont-y-iii-o tool: part. Tho \ powl deeds of Fianoeo at tho A.J.C. Moot- I in', when sho fairly paralysed bur oppo nents in th.- l-'iyin- Handicap, had tho elii-vt of iiuluciny tho public to back h--r with great rust down to 3 to 1. . A host of J others met with strenuous support, but ! puntera woro not happy in finding tho ri.;ht one, as Clonard, a perfect wonder on tlio tracks, but not top good in company, I won uomfortablr by n -conplo of length'.; To his baekore.who were very few iiiil. ,-.!. j liis victory was welcome, as lie furnished j them with tho sinews of war to light ilm books for tho remainder of tho day, pro vided they were hot plungers. The blow i was a severe one to many, however, as the i favorite w;i3 first, away, and led for iivo I furlong*, when sho gave up tlio ghost. I ?.Ia^dala and Lavender ran splendidly. and ?' Vi'iiapa, who iinisliud fourth, in no wise ' dissraood herifllf seeing time UHflaco wifl-l rui' in lmin 14$3i!c By tho way, it might lie worth mentioning that six mares finished in front, aftor tho winnor. After two previous victories on tho part of Lady Love!, it was not at all surprising that tho daughter of Tho Dvninmer should onco more carry tho confidence of those who backed hor on those occasions, and the way ' hi which sho fought out tlio battlo with Mirabiiis in the Disposal Suites wns wall worth witnessing, whilst it proved beyond a doubt thafr.hor former wins woro no (hikes. This was ono of tho best selling I races over aeon. Tho evergreen Tatter ! tail's Cup, now twenty-two years in existence, wa3 eagerly waited for, and luncheon hour seemed an nyo to many who ; lirvamt of fortune An interesting chap ter could bo written anent this great raco. Th« iuciv.ua in stakes, tho exploits of tho : winners, riders, &a.;, would fill a book, but want of apace prevents anything liko that Bt this juncture.' Out of tho niuotccn colored on tho card Odo was tho only absentee. Tho mighty Melo3 all along held the honor of favorite, but he failed igiiomiiiioii3ly. Tbroo-to jono was his price, anil then cauin Vcapnsiii, Highborn, Sligo and Automat various prices, while Muriel, tho ultimate winner, started at tho remunerative odds of 12 to 1, the remainder being quoted at figures varying up to 25 to 1. Aftor Lancer and Southerly Buster had shown the way for a few stridob, Yowi and Mantilla got togcthor ami showed tho ivr.y along the beml, into tho straight and tip'to tho mile 'post, whon An turns, Yowi and Yabbn took charge. This trio re mained together -along the back, but panuing the sheds Anto!U3 and llopbittera h.-lil I ho lead. Hero VospaKin took Hop bitturs' place and tho pair showod tho way into the strciglit.whe'ru tho horse collapsed, and V'wpnsln led np to tho distance, where Muriel came on!, and after a Btubborn sot to for a few st-do3, tho Dnthurst mare had her opponent in trouble, and coming away won rathor easily by two longtlis. Old I Lancer dropped into third place, followed ' by Hopbittnra, Highborn, Jtolos. Sonthcrly liuster and E.K., tiligo being tho last to finish. The Steop'ochaso brought out i eight competitors, with tho .Queens ,' land gelding a warm favorite at 5 to 2; '? 7 to 2 was taken about Konben, 5 to 1 ? I Uuilwnan, tho otiicrs ranging at | various prices. Guy Fawkes uiado : Hie running for a circle, whon old : M.inuiou dashed to the front. Tho first ; fince after tho troblo proved disastrous to j ltaulMii, nnd Murniion still showing tho way led ronnd and over tho treblo tho e.-cuiid timo. Bluiidcring, however, at tho e'*vun furlong post, ho camn iv croppor, and tho next found Guy Fawkes turning a , somersault. Jfero Beggar Hoy, who had jfccoii running last an(l apparently ont o£ jti:o hunt, put on all sail, and passing ono niter (ho other got on terms with llush /nian nt tho laat fence, with Grafton on J their heels. Beggar Boy and Bushman I raced out on to tlio courso proper to»ether, j Tclosi'ly followed by Clmfton. Xnd tho trio ' . / almost siniuHaiieously leaped the paling in '?? f cimpany. but tho Northerner bad too much '. / jai'e, nnd coming away' won easily ; from ' { Grafton by four lengths, with IJuahinan a couple further away. None 'of tlio others finished. Silenco'was the elect of tho £.'.ventmm starters tor tno iMirsery uanui cap at :i to 1, llfoquenco being at 5 to 1, / Rial Piecrust at two points longer. Savo ' tir.it Qu«m of the Nightw'as first away and I then gave placo to JIarplot and Eloquenco, ? who iud up to the distance, whore Hales brought out Kuilolph's sister and won . easily by four i lengths, little nood.be said of this event. The last item on the pro/rammo was tho Club Handicap, for which Paris and Grown Jowol both Ktartod nt^lol. -Farnnndo: made pace for tho prwilor part of tho ^jourhoy,- with Paris !? alwnys handy, while Crown Jewol, who i .would not raco, l.ay wcond last, whoro ho ' finished.- Stockwell at one timo showed a -I Kold front, but ho diod away to nbtlilng j nftor a set-to with PariB, tlio laitqr noyor ? boing troubled after heading for homo, and ' i winning easily by four lengths from' Don-, ? castor, with tho ? consistent but unlucky : Southerly BtHterfllllntr third place. 