THF GRAPE AND ITS USES. The grape is a model fruit—it is wonderful the uses to which it can be put, " From the wine that cheers the heart of man," down to the dried fruit that forms that distinctive ingredient of the cottager's " fig-duff," there is a wondrous variety of uses to which this perfect fruit ministers— perfect, because we are told, on the best scientific authority, that its specific ingredients embrace all that is necessary growth and health. That is to say, a man may if he chose live upon fresh or dried grapes and good whole-meal bread, and be healthy and strong. It is only necessary to point to the marvellous effects of the grape cure" to recognise its specific virtues. So we are right in looking upon the grape as a model fruit. A Mildura settler is righteously exhorted on many hands not to tput "all his eggs in one basket." That is excellent advice, and the man who goes in for a 20-acre vineyard, and not a ghost of a tree or anything else on the block, may be following it to the letter, while at the same time narrowing down his ^orticul tural knowledge to a single study. This is a great gain for many men—at all events for a start. It means the successful concentration of mental and physical energy of one kind of culture, instead of dissipating it in the abortive attempt to master the particulars of half a dozen. By far the biggest portion of our acreage in Mildure is devoted to the culture of the grape. And what can be more diversified than this single kind of culture ? As we have said the grape may be made into wine or brandy, or vinegar or syrup, for which a market may be sought at leisure, and the older these products grow the greater the value. If the planter has conscientious scruples whieh shut him out from this department of the industry, then he can dry and paek his grapes for table use, or can sell them or make them into jelly or jam, and still be able to wait for his markets till he can gtt top prices. Dried grapes for pies, puddings, sauces, and other edibles, are coming more and more into use, and it is claimed that they ean be dried and handled for two-thirds less than any other dried fruit, still leaving a handsome profit to the producer. If this be so—and there can be no donbt about it—then this is the dried fruit of the future—the poor man's fruit— for it is certain that most of our other dried fruits sell at prices which make them little short of luxuries. The Muscat or the Sultana may be adapted to all the foregoing uses. Mr. Hoptoe tells UB, in his article recently, to trellis the Gordo Blanco as a wine grape. Study the matter out, and you will be astonished at the diversity of culture which lies at the vigneroh's door. The many uses to which the grape is adapted are simply marvellous, and it is to be doubted if any other product can compare with it. If one won't pay, the other will The " eggs are all grapeB," as Paddy would pay; but the " baskets," or uses, are so numerous that there need be no fear, nnder any ordinary circumstances, of a general breakdown in the way of a profitless season^— Mildura Cultivator. 