author's notr In the summer of 1887 I caine upon a pamphlet published by " The Times five years previously, giving an account of the persecution of the Jews in Russia in 1881. At about the same time I found in the "Brooklyn Times" (U.S.) a tragic incident in the alleged career of a Jewess, which re called to my mind a grim passage of Russian history. The three records inspired the story I have just concluded. It occurred to me to find in the one village of Russia where the Jews had for a time lived unmolested, a heroine who, falling under the lash of Russian persecution, should survive the keenest of human afflictions, to become under very dramatic and romantic circumstances, the instrument of Divine vengeance upon her enemy, and probably a type of the fierce injustice which characterises the civil and military government of Russia. My inspi ration for this tragic figure sprang from the following narrative, related as absolutely true by Charles J. Rosebault, in the "Brooklyn Times" during the month of June, 1887 "Not far from the police station on Eliza beth Street is k. large threu- jstorey brick building. Years ago it was a handsome dwelling, but time and the small boy have played havoc with its facade, doors win dows, and railing. It is occupied by a well to-do Russian, who years ago fled his native ,^ru ^ alleged eomplicity }?i Bon}.e plot Against the C^af. It has long been the ren dezvous of political refugees of both sexes, Russians, Nihilists, Polish Liberators, French Communards, German Socialists, and Cosmo politan Anarchists. The circle met there is composed of educated and clever people. Nearly all are excellent linguists and moro Or less iti trade, literature or professional life; Owing probably to the terrible scenes iti which they have beeti rttitors all aro ttiore or less eccentric in Behaviour; speech, or itteasV Not lotig slrie'e a jiiWfcy . fit & dogeti niei! dtid ft'oBlen were spending tlic evening in the large old-fashioned parlor. All smoked, a few sipped the vitriolic Vodkfi. ije t ween the wh!9s df tli'dir cigarettes, while all tne rest assuaged thirst with the cheap wines of the Rhine and Moselle. The conversation had been political and literary rather than anecdotal in character, and had flagged until the room was almost silent. The only per son speaking was a handsome Jewess of 24 or 25, whose name or "nom de guerre" was Theo dora Ornavitsoh. She was of a rare type of that raco, being a superb blonde with bright golden liairi liirge 1 (is t to to blue eyca, ttnd eX niditillg the powerful figure and splendid health which characterise the Hebrew women to so remarkable a degree. As she paused at the end of an argument and drained a glass of Josephshoefev, some one asked, " What made you a Nihilst, Dora 1" "Nothing very remarkable to us Russians," she replied. "I belong to a good family in a small town in Warsaw Province. I mar ried the Rabbi of our Synagogue, and we were very linppy for a few months. The Czar then made a change, and sent down a new Governor from St. Petersburg to replace our old e tie, who was it good and jilsfc man,although a Russian 8eneral. The new comer had every vice, and no virtue of any kind. He was so bad and cruel that our friends and relatives wrote us when he came warning us. against him. My husband the next Sabbath, in the synagogue, told our people about him, and advised them to be over cautious in not violating any ono of the thousand tyrannical laws with which we were cursed. Though he spoke in Hebrew, for fear of spies, someone betrayed him to the Governor, He was ar» rested; tfiyd, flogged oH the public sfcjUafe into insensibility, and sento to Siberia for life. I was present when he under went his agony, and stood it until I became crazed. I broke through the crowd toward the wretch of an official, and cursed him and his master, the Czar, and swore vengeance against both. I, too, was arrested, tried at court-martial, ahd sentenced to receive a hundred blows with the rod ill the public SqUat-e. I, a wotrtaii, was taken by drunken Mtfujiks rtttd Ilea then RosbrcIib to tii8 £Ski5e, tied By hly hiUlds to the whipping-post, my clothing torn from my body to the waist, and beaten before all the soldiery and the people of the town. At the twentieth blow I fainted, but the ropes held me up, and the hundred were counted on my body. They cut me down, rubbed rock salt and water and some iron that eats like fire into my back to stop the bleeding) ,Rftd earned ine to the hospital: I IS}" tlibfk tivB nioiitlls, and $as discharged. I had but one idea then, and that was vengeance. By patience I m maged to get employment in the Governor's Palace as a seamstress. One afternoon he was in his bath, and he sent for towels. The attendant was tired, ond I volunteered to take fchem. I thfetf tfleiti over niy ftrm, and Under them I lieW. Ifiig atil'dfct.'d; sHitrfJ Rs ft iiet'dib. I entered the room, and he was reading and smoking in the bath, I laid the towels by his side with my left hand, and at the next moment with my right I drove the' knife through his heart-. It was splendidly done. He Hfivtjt1 jit Ad e nflollttd iUjd I SsBiipetl to this idriu. "hat Is why 1 am a Nihilist. Do any of you doubt!" She sprang excitedly from her chair, and in half a minute had bared her self to the wftisfc, The front of her form from Heck tu belt hiight have passed ds the Model of the Venus di Miict: flitt the back! Ridge?, welts, and furtoA's that dfosSed Sbd Interlaced as if cut out out with a red- hot iron, patches of white, grey, pink, blue, and angry red, holes and holioWs With hard, hideous edges, half visible ribs aiid the edges of ruined itiilscles, AM all df.whicli moved, c'diitfei8Ve3j, ah'd.J'enfjtiieiik'd. ftitli.the Swaging of her body. iEjiere was.a gasp froiii (?Vet}?= opo present. The aged host rose; silently, kissed fyef on the forehead, and helped her to put back tier garments. Then again the wine passed round, and what secret toasts were madp as the party drank will never be known." .. , The histdrib chapter which this newspaper t>ai'agraph brought to my mind was the story of Madame Lapoukin ; the briefest account of which is probably the following,from "The Knout," by Germain de Lagny Jn 1760, under the reign of the indolent and luxurious Elizabeth, who had abolished capital punishment, Madame Lapoukin, a woman of rare beauty, of which the Czarina was en vious, was condemned to the knout and transportation, in spite of the privilege of the nobility neyer tosuSertheformerpunishment. She had been feted, caressed, and run after at court, and had, it was said, betrayed the secret of the Empress's "liaison" with Prince Ril'zoutoSwsfey. .She Wils c'otidilcted by tjie executioners, tb the public square,,« herb she was exposed by iotie of thehi, who rolled iip her chemise as far as her waist; he then placed her upon his shoulders, when another arranged her with his coarse dirty hands in the re quired position, obliging her to hold her head down, while a man of the-lower classes, squat ting at her feet, kept her legs still. The ex ecutioner cut her flesh into shreds by one hundred strokes of the knout, from the shoulders to the lower portion of the loins. After the infliction of the punishment, her tongue was torn out, and a short time sub sequently she was aent to Siberia, whence she was recalled in 1762 by Peter III. For the successful development of these journalistic, literary and historical facts and suggestions into a full thyee volume novel, with.truthful as well as characteristic access ories, it was necessary that I should, make a Study of Russian village life, and refresh iny Meffloiy with siich Chapters of Russian his tory as should enable. rtie to hold my imagin ary characters and their actions within the reasonable control of probability. I was already fairly well acquainted with some of the best works of Russian fiction, which are full of strong local colour and fine character isation, Gogol's stories more particularly, but in order that I might not stray from the path of truth any further than is reasonably permissable, I followed up the narrative of "The Times," in the files of the "Daily Telegraph' and tha Jewish " Chronicle traced the anti-Jewish riots throughout their lurid march of fire and bloodshed ; talked to several travelled authorities as to their ex periences of Jewish life m Southern Russia ; and settled down to a careful study of the literary, typographical, political and his torical literature of the subject in the course of which for the purposes of this story .1 have consulted and read "The Jews and their Persecutors," by Eugenie Lawrence ; "Scenes from the Ghetto," by Leopold Kom pert ; " The Tvnout and the Russians," bv Germainde Lagny ; " Elizabeth, or the Exiles of Siberia," by Madame Cottin ; " Russia under the Czars" by Stepniak ; " Prison Life in Siberia" and " Crime and Punish ment," by FedorDostoiflsky ; " The Russian Revolt," by Edmund Noble ; " The Jews of Barnow," by Karl Emil Franzos ; " Russia, political and Social," by L. Tikhanirov ; " Called Back," by Hugh Conway; "Dead Souls," by Nikolai V. Gogol ; " War and Peace/' and "Anna Karena," by Count Tolstoi; "A Hero of our Time," by M. V. Lermontoff ; " Russia before and after the War," by the Author of " Society as it is in St-. Petersburg _ " The Encyclopedia Rrittanica "Russians of To-day," by tho [ Author of "The Member for Paris " The Russian Peasantry" by Stepniak ; " Stories from Russia, Siberia, Poland and Circassia," edited by Russell Lee; " Chamber's Encyclo- j pceclia;" George Kennan's "Century" papers on '' Plains and Prisons of Western Siberia," and "Across the Russian Frontier;" Theo dore Child s "Fair of Nijni-Novgorod" in "Harper's Magazine;" The "Times" pamphlet (before mentioned) " Persecutions of tho Jews in Russia, 1881;" " Vcnice" by Yriarte; "Venetian Life" by Iiowells; " Sketches from Venetian History;" "New Italian Sketches" by J. A. Symonds, and other miscellaneous literature. It will be seen that I name these works without any view of classification or order. A foreign criticism upon th Venetian chapter of tho story makes it desirable for mo to state that the introduction of a Russian interest in the Royal Fetes on the Grand Canal is pure in vention. Tho pageantry is true enough; the presence of the King and Queen of Italy; the illuminations and the rest; but. the red gondola and tho ghost of the lagoons belong to the region of fancy; though they mi"ht easily have formed part of the events of the time. I saw a dead swimmer towed into an English fishing port under very similar oir cumstanecs to fchpge ..yrhjgh I have described as occurring in the waters' tif tlie Adriatic:, In taking leave of my readers, with all dud apologies for this personal note, I venture to express a hope that they may continue to feel an interest in the future of the Mil bankes, the Forsyths, the Chetwynds, and the Iilosstocks. If I have made these people half as real to them as they arc to me, they will keep them in their remembranco as ac liaintandes, if liot aa friends) and 111 re ectlve momenta their hcal'ts will tfo out to :ln fc»ld man and his daughter who ill the spirit of chflstcried content, are fulfilling their voluntary eillej tHeir Happlinte's it df,earn of thb past, their chief hope in a future " wltei'e the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." 