' CHAJPTEll XV. THE STORY OF SIHRUA. The Words which my noble friend Simrha sprki to ine juBt before we left India for America were true; his presentiment was realised, and from the time wo embarked he began to lose that wonderful strength and energy which were his chief characteristics. It was in vain that Nurha and I endeavoured to arouse him from the increasing lethargy. He would smile sadly, and say: ' I: ia not best to bid me stay when I am called to go.’ He kept us near him constantly, nevor tiring of seeing us together, never weary of gazing on our perfect happiness, bat he grew steadily weaker weaker. '■The ship's doctor, whom I insisted upon calling to ills side, shook his head and toid us that there was nothing tbo matter; that tlio weakness and lethargy would pass away ero long and leave him without a sign. Ay, and so they did, for one evening when we ware in the middle of the ocean, as Nurlia and I assisted him to his state-room, he hade ns enter ■ with him. ‘Nurha,’ he said, when we were inside and the door was closed behind us, ‘ wo are parting for the last time. I shall sleep to night never to wake again in this world. The days of my life, though not many, have been fulfilled^ and in bringing happiness to you I hare crowned them with perfect success. Years ago, when I was hut a hoy, and you, Nurha, were a tender babe, I fell upon my knees and prayed with all the fervour and intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 might be given knowledge and strength and force of will to accomplish an oath I had taken, and 1 closed my prayer thus: ‘ When it is done, then let me die, surronnded by happiness and peace, Child, my prayer was answered. 1 was given the. knowledge and the strength to carry out my work, and with its accomplishmcntsmy life ends. It is meet that it should; I would prefer it bo, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Ho not mourn for me; think of me as absent, not dead, for we bat part for a time to be reunited. Iviss mo and then leave us, for I have a word to say to. the sahib.' She sank gently upon her knees at his side, and for a moment hurried her faco in tlio pillow •gainst which he was reclining. Then suddenly lifting her head as she cried: * Simrha—Simrha—tell mo who you are ! Tell me why 1 love you so Btrangely, and yet with a new—a different love from all else.’ ‘ No, child ; no, Nurha—not now. Whenl am .gone the sahib will tell you. Believe me, it is better so.’ She did not repeat her reguest, but she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him tenderly. tei-Then,rising to lierfeet, she said: ~ ' ‘It is hard not to weep; bnt you have told mo not, and I will obey:’ and bending forward yet again, she pressed her lip3 to his forehead, and \- then turned without another word and left us. * Sahib.’ said Simrha, when we were alone, ■ have you the sealed envelope I gave you in India ?’ I bowed in reply. * It is well, for it contains all that you wish to know. Now, come where I can place my hands upon your head, that you may receive the blessing of a dying man.’ I bent upon my knees before him, and he rested his soft palms upon my forehead for a mo. mentis silence. ‘Arise,’said he then. ‘Return to Nurha and to everlasting light. Let not shadows fall upon you. Watch over her for whom you have risked your life and liberty. Wearthe jewel you have won eternally upon your heart. Remember me as a . Jiving friend who loved you both; forget that which to-morrow will ho bmiea in the sea Adieu, sahib.’ ‘God bless yon, Simrh.-i!' X cried cholc I inglv. 1 It is all one—your God and mine,’ he said, slowly; ‘and be assured that IIo has indeed blessed me. That lie may bless youand lierwhom you love shall be my last prayrr. Adieu, sahib, I fell upon my knees before him, and I, too, pressed my lip3 to liis forehead, then rose and rushed blindly away. On the morrow we found him Ihoro dead; and later in tho day his body was consigned to the unfathomable depths of the ocean. That night, wiili Nurlia at my side, lhroko tho secl.of tho envelope, and read what he had written X will give it in his own words exactly as lie had written it: ‘ I know, saliih, that my life's work is done; I know that the number of my days are counted nearly to the end, and X deem it best to take this mode of communicating to you ratlior than by telling it, and so adding to tho sorrow of the part ing that must come. ‘Iam tho first horn to Nurlia’s mother, and she was tho next and last; therefore we are brotlior and sister, although sho lias no knowledge of the existence of a near relative. ‘ What little she knows about her family X have told her. ‘ Wo came of an accursed race, according to tho rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to the mix ture of blood in onr veins, and a3 our mother’s mother was starved to death by the Rajah Nali manba's father, so my mother grew np to woman hood in constant fear aud blighted by never end ing aversion. Her own kiu hated her, but there j camo one who loved her, a young prince of a neighbouring state, aud the Rajah was compelled to consent to their union. ‘ X was tho first child born to them, and a con stant guard was kept over mo until I was twelve years old, for Nahmanha had sworn that the mixture of blood should not he perpetuated, and many attempts were made to cud my frail young liio. However, at the ago of twelve I was stolen from my mother’3 side aud hurried away to the mountains, where I was to be put to death. But I was hardy and strong and canning, and 1 suc ceeded in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. ‘ During two years I wa3 a veritable wild boy, living in tho mountains, subsisting on such food as 1 could find; and then, feeling that I would not bo recognised, 1 made my way to the Rajah’s palace—the home of my enemy. ‘ I do not know what power attracted me there but X went, without fear, and becume one of the retainers, and have continued there ever ‘ Two years later Nurlia was born, her mother giving up her life for hers, and a month later my father was bitten by a cobra and died. ‘ The Rajah Nahmanha at once saw the oppor tunity he desired, and tho babe, Nurlia, was placed, defenceless as she was, in tho diabolical garden of poisonB. ‘ It wa3 many months beforo I knew of it, but when it did come to my knowledge I wont away out into the mountains where I could find solitude and, falling upon my knees, 1 sworo that 1 would devote my life to Nurlia—to tho work of freeing her from the terrible thraldom of the poisons— that every energy of my being should be utilised for her sake—She was the only one left of my family, and 1 swore that 1 would ono day see her in the enjoymentof happiness. That day lias come at last 1 ‘ I worked and studied with all my strength and mind. In my youthful ardour I undertook to master all the sources of knowledge, deter mined at least to know all that the Rajah Nah manha knew. ‘ Ere long I attracted his attention, and he taught me much that I could not have learned •.sewliere, and gave me the privilege of his library which was very extensive and complete. 1 studied flowers and horticulture generally, and surrepli iously obtained many of the Rujah’s notes, made while he was creating tho Princess’s Garden. I used to glove my hands and cut slips from many of the poison plants, and carry them away with me to the mountains, where I had resolved to raise a garden where some day I could take Nurlia when I should have stolen her. ‘ My knowledge of the Rajah’s science became vory great—greater than his own, though he never suspected it. But he found, that I bad a quick mind, and ho taught me many of the occult mys teries of which ho was master, and, I, myself, unaided by any ono, discovered a powdor, lighter than gas, which, when suddenly blown into the air when no breeze was stirring, formed itself into an impenetrable veil impossible to see through, and therefore rendering a person behind it in visiole. It will float for a long time, but gradu ally absorbs oxygen, and settles down until the way i3 once more open. It has served me well many times, having saved me from discovery by the Rajah often. It enabled me to elude the searchers aboard the steamship ; it enabled me to seize the envelope from yoar hand in the Paris hotel when you were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by tho person who brought it to you. Had you opened that envelope you would have been blinded for ever by the powder which would have flown into your eyes from it; it finally enabled us to escape the horde of the Rajah’s followers, coucealing us while they dashed onward through the mountain pass. ‘ Among the arts of which 1 became master was that of mesmerism, so called—tho power of mind over mind—the projecting power of the will, and that also has served me well, and' you, ‘ The Rajah possessed eutire confidence in mo, and I was entrusted with many secret and delicate missions for him, but never onco did I allow my self to forget the oath 1 had taken—never once did I relax that eternal Tigilauce which I well knew to be the price of Nurha'a liberty. ‘In a moment of unusual confidence ho related to me the story of Reuben Cogswell and my grand mother, and I then know for the first time why it was that he had sought to take my life. ‘ The knowledge that Reuben Cogswell still lived, and near him others who wero possessed of this secret—the taint of foreign blood in his family—was a continual thorn in the Rajah s side, which he finally resolved to pluck out and destroy by putting to death all who shared the deadly knowledge. ' Since the time of his father, who was even more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept himself well informed concerning the Americans he hated, and at last formed the resolution I have referred to, and one Dhara and myself were selected to carry out the awful ‘ Dhara was a cunning, unscrupulous villain possessing enough general knowledge and educa tion to make him dangerous, and he was, more over, a master-band at disguises. It was he who killed Aaron Prime aud Jacob Hurley, and who during your entire journey from America to India so persistently sought your life. 1 know that I could better defend you by remaining in the background and keeping up my intercourse with ‘When I engaged myself to you as your servant it was for tho double purpose of studying your character further than 1 had the opportunity of doing,and of persuading you to heed tho warnings you would afterwards receive from me, although Dhara supposed that 1 would kill you while at sea. Ho did think that 1 tried, but I told him | that you were an adept in the Mack arts; that j yon could foresee disaster, and so avoid it, and he | linaily came to believe it when the letter was I snatched from your hand hv an unseen power in I the Paris hotel, and he was turned into an imovablo and powerloss living statue by the force | of my will as he was about to plunge his knife into your heart. ‘ Prom that time on he was afraid of yon, and made no further attempt upon your life until he put the snake in your blanket in the camp near Bombay. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though I was near 1 would have been toolsto. ■ But ho was killed by his own weapon, for in turning the snake from tne basket it stung him upon the wrist. The ball that you fired did him no harm; nevertheless, in half an hour ho was ‘To return, when the Rajah told mo ihat 1 was to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing hut obey. To. disobey would have meant death foe me, and, on the other hand, I knew that I could never hope to return to the palace of the Rsjah while those whom he had j doomed to death still lived, and that I would have cut them all down with my own hand had it been necessary for tim sake of returning toNurha I do not deny. But it was not necessary, for Dhara did the deed even sooner than he had said he would. ‘ You will be surprised to know that I mado my home in the old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly I put you, all unknown to yourself, into a deep mesmeric Bleep, and then roamed at largo over the ‘ I read all the papers which ltenbon Cogswell had left for yon, and thus became ns thoroughly acquainted with ycur purpose as yon yourself. I also studied and knew your character as well as my own, and.l found it to be lofty and noble and ‘ Then it was that I saw the solution of a pro blem which I never before bad been able to solve —the reclamation of Nurlia from the poisons which infested her. * You were going to India in search of her, as directed by tho papers which Reuben Cogswell left. That you would love her 1 never doubted, and if you could teach her to lova you in return with tho passion of which I knew her to be capable, then I felt that my battle would bo won, for, as I liavo already explained, the existence of perfect sympathy between her and another and stronger person only could efi'oet the desired result. ‘ In the meantime you were besetting Prime and Hurley for their signatures to tho document Cogswell had left behind, and they kept putting you oil from time to time, until finally they gave a promise to meet yon at nino o'clock on a certain evening. i ‘ I was pleased at that, for 1 greatly desired that you should settle your affairs and start for India without delay. But in the meantime Dhara, who wa3 flitting about from place to place like an evil spirit, had become very restless ami impatient at tho delay, and on the day you had secured the promise from the two men he told mo that ho intended to kill them that night, or twenty-four hours beforo the time appointed for your meeting. ‘ Por a moment even 1 was at fault regarding the best course to he pursued under the circum stances, hut suddenly, when almost in despair^ for I know that Dhara would fulfil his threat if ha could, an idea struck mo which I resolved to carry out, and it perfectly explains the seemingly inex plicable mystery regarding tlieir signatures to the document. ■ I knew that your signature was as necessary to them as theirs were to you, and that night— tho night before they wore killed by Dhara—I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, soon after it had grown dark, and then, taking the necessary papers with mo from your pocket, I left you and hurried away to tho houso of Aaron ‘ Fortune favoured mo, for I found Jacob Hurley with him. ‘ Of course they did not know me, but 1 repre sented nivself as a frieud of yours who had just arrived with news which made it necessary for you to; leave in the early morning, telling them that you had given me the papers, aud had told me to get their signatures to thorn, or, failing to do so, to destroy them before their eyes, letting tho money lie in tho bank and rot away, of no use to anyone. • They hesitated, and I wont and held ono of the papers over tho lamp, but before it could take fire they both consented. If 1 used my powers somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good came, and without their knowledge. At all events, the signatures were secured aud the papers were exchanged, and I returned again to the old Cogs well mansion and replaced tho document in your pocket. ‘ On the night following, at the appointed time, you went to the mill office to meet them, knowing nothing of what I had done, it so happening that Dhara had been unable to put his purpose into execution until that evening, so that when yon put in an appearance you found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the fioor,and were accordingly in despair. ‘ When you returned to your home X was fear ful lest you would destroy the document without looking at it, now that you believed it worthless," and accordingly from the closet behind the firc placo where I was wont to conceal myself I exer cised my power over you, aud appearing before yon, 1 forced you to .see the face of your old friend, and so sent you out upon your second journey. ‘ 1 followed behind you through tho storm and compelled yon in imagination to meet tho people you sought, transact tlis business in due form,and come away, Although 1 paused long enough to take the papers hearing your signature from the two corpses, ono of which you did not discover, I reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking back through the window, after leaving the office and transacting the business as you supposed, it was an effort of your own will, as mine was for the instant relaxed. ‘ The remainder is no mystory to you. You returned once more to tho mill, satisfying yourself that PriniG was a corpse, afterwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. ‘ But I wa3 able to releaso you, and went into Boston by the same train as yourself, feeling sure that you would take it. ‘ Now, sahib, I have done. My work is com pleted; and yon, having borne out my judgment of you from the first, have rescued Nurha from Nahmanha's power, and have taught her that happiness and content which passeth all under standing. ‘ When you peruse this Simrha will be no more but throughout all eternity the blessing of Simrha will hover like an angel of mercy and loro over and around both you and Nurlia ! Thus were explained tho strange circumstances which had surrounded me for many months, and although Simrha’s written lin„s made plain tho mystery of that terrible night of tempeBt when Prime and Hurley were slain, I could never break entirely loose from tho uncanny feelings which took possession of mo when I thought,in all seriousness, that I had entered into a bargain with'ghosts. . Fair weather took us swiftly on our way over tho space that separated us from my native clime, so in duo time wn were sitting together, Nurha and 1, before the blazing log fire, in the great front hall of. the (Jogswoll mansion. Ej XI. Her great, tender, loving eyc-s reflected tlio ricii colours from the fireplace. My arm was around her perfect form, and her queenly head rested on my shoulder. ‘Nurha, my wife,’ 1 said, with a loving hesi tancy in pronouncing the new title she bore, ‘ is tliero anything which life lacks now to fill your cup of happiness to the brim ?’ • Nothing,’ she replied, ‘ nothing—you have brought ms out from a world of sadness into a parndise of constant joy.’ She rose from the low scat nt my side, and swung herself round until her face hung just beneath mine, ae it had long ago in the porch of til3 cottage in the Princess's Garden, witli her soft arms clinging around my neck. Slowly, tenderly, lovingly, she drew my face down towards her, raising her own to meet it, until our lips were meited together by the. hot kiss of purost, passionate lovo. Our eyes closed, and exquisite ecstasy flashed back and forth from her heart to mine, and from mine back to hers, as our two beings were merged into enc, and it throbbed and breathed and sighed in a Hood of perfect, delicions, overpowering jcy and bliss. And thus were two lives crowned with tho dia dem of happiness. THE END. 