^porting. MELBOURNE SPORTING NOTES. Melbourne. October 28. [By Trumpator.] The final acceptances for the Cup show that the field will not reach anything like the total of thirty-nine, which started last year. A great many retired yesterday, and many a drawer of a nag in the £100,000 sweepstakes will be disappointed when he reads the list of probable starters this morning. With the exception of Glenloth and Gresford I doubt if any of the non-contents will be missed, and it is a satisfaction to know that the big sweeps will not be the means of converting a number of the no-possible-chance-whatever brigade into starters. Talking of sweeps reminds me that a member of the Assembly over here proposes to introduce a Bill to stop people sending money through the P.O. to Adams & Co. Of the lot remaining in the Cup six are engaged in the Derby, and the result of that race may still further rcduce the field. The Maiden Plate is now the opening event in the V.R.C. Spring programme, and the best of the lot engaged are Gatiing, Norbert, Steadfast, and Sternchaser. I suppose the New Zealander will run in the Derby. Possibly Steadfast may also be wanted for the Blue Riband, but assuming that Mr. Wilson elects to run the black in this race Steadfast may carry the St. Albans colours to the fore, and after him I like Gailing and Norbert, the foi mer for choice if he will only try. Next comes the Melbourne Stakes, and as I wrote yesterday several owners havje vague hopes of lowering the colours of MarveL Had Zalinfki kept well he might have aocomplished this feat, but I doubt anything else being equal to the occasion, and I shall look forward to' Marvel scoring comfortably, while Highborn, Megaphone, Correze, and Malvolio may fight out the places. I have left out Paris, as it seems hardily likely that he will oppose his stable companion. The race is sure to have a great effect on the Cup .betting, as something like half a dozen weli-backed candidates are likely to start and do their level best. I have an idea that Highborn will come through the ordeal with credit. The Hotham Handicap may see Pigeontoe at the post, as the penalty he would incur by winning will hardly prejudice his Cup chance, and Lang is not the man to turn up his nose at a stake like this, especially as a race in public should do the brother to Lady Betty a deal of good. Clonard, 8 st 8 lb., and Tantallon, 8 st. 6 lb., read well, and Quality is beautifully handicapped at 7 st. Merriment, 7 st. 6 lb., and Ronald, 7 st. 6 lb., also look tempting, while if Firelock, the brother to Matchlock, has the ghost of a show in the Melbourne Cup he should have a great chance here. With na acceptances until scale it is hard to arrive at probable starters, but Glonard and Pigeontoe strike me as a likely pair to provide the winner. The Derby follows, and there is not much to add to what I have already written concerning this race. That it is considered a certainty for one of three may be gathered from the fact that Mr. Oxenham, who now stands out as the leader of the ring, last night offered 10 to 1 bar three. The probable starters are Strathmore, The Rebel, Aster. Swordbearer, Ascot Vale, Oxide, Stromboli, Psnanoe, Stemchaser, and perhaps Steadfast and another of Paten's. During the last few days the chaneef of Swordbearer, The Rebel, and Penanoe have come to be very lightly thought of, and backers now look forward to a race between Strathmore, Oxide, and Stromboli. With a good sound pace all the way, I am content to discard Stromboli, but (hade is such a good game colt that Strathmore is sure to experience no end of trouble from him. Both have been highly tried with reliable "clocks," Oxide having beaten Clonard, while Strathmore did ditto by Forest King. Taking time as a criterion, Strathmore's gallop was the better of the two, but I do not place much reliance in time as a means of trying a horse wanted for a'race of any distance, and feel certain that Oxide will run a great race. Tru<j Clonard was hardly set for a gallop on Saturday, and Forest King, the colt selected to try Strathmore with, is a notoriously generous horse in private, but all the same, Mr. Hall's colt finished with such determination that I expect to see him prove a most troublesome nut for the favourite to crack, but in giving the choice to Strathmore. I am following form as represented by the St Alban'scolt's defeat of Stromboli in theGuineas. When they met in Sydney there was nothing between Stromboli and Oxide; so if the-Caulfield running is a true index of the merits of Strathmore and the Syndicate colt, then, despite his meritorious display with Clonard, the present favourite for the Derby should be able to lower the colours of Oxide. In a true-run race Stromboli may even miss a place, and in the attempt to forestall Mr. McCulloch's decision I shall put them— Strathmore 1 Oxide 2 The Rebel 3 The Maribymong Plato lodes a very open affair after Moonray's defeat at Moonee Valley on Saturday ; but it must be remembered that the sister to Carlyon was carrying 9 st. then, and here she will have 8 st. 5 lb. Survivor, by Robinson Crusoe from Rustic Lass, Meli, by Newminster from Melodious, and Van grave, by Epigram from Courtesy, are all good colts, but Moonray is sure to run as straight as an arrow, and I shall give her the preference over the three colts 1 have mentioned, notwitUknding her defeat at the hands of TheCaptaiffind Ouyen. The Coburg Stakes is a very hard raoe to pick. Hero 9 st. 2 lb., Tarcoola 9 st. 1 lb., Gladstone 8 st. 11 lb., Deerswood 8 st. 2 lb., Sadim 7 st 9 lb.. Quality 7 st 7 lb., and Fortunatus 7 st. 1 lb., are aU very smart over a mile and a furlong, and perhaps Hero or Sadim, may be equal to the task of winning, while Dillon should run respectably. Another opportunity will be afforded me of dealing with the Melbourne Cub. Saturday's running may render the task of selecting the winner comparatively easy, but at present the big handicap of the year has never looked more open. Tirailleur, the top weight, has been going better in his work, lately, but I- doubt if he will receive notice from the Judge. Megaphone is such a good horse that I am ioth to pass him by. He went a fairly good gallop yesterday, but is not working like ne did prior to Sydney, and unless he runs well in the Melbourne Stakes I shall not include Mr. Wallace's horse in the dangerous division. Highborn has plenty of weight, but no horse will strip in better condition, and besides being brilliant enough to secure a place, the son of Grandmaster is a proved stayer. G'Naroo may run well, but I do not fancy him. Correze must be very hard to beat, and on paper he holds Highborn safe, but I doubt his being quite so fit as the black, and wherever the chesnut finishes I shall expect the Warwick Farm horse to be with him. Sir William is greatly fancied by his own people, and we all know what a really good horse ne is when at his best. Greygown will start, but I am afraid he will be at a disadvantage in consequence of the stoppage of his work, but mindful of the Bravo experience many will take a long shot about the grey. Whimbrel finishes in so slovenly a way that I must leave him alone. Malvolio, the great tip of the Caulfield division, finishes all his gallops with something in hand, and they say he carries 9 st He will of course run in the Melbourne Stakes, and we will then be able to form a good opinion as to his chance on Tuesday. Tantallon ran badly last year when a great tip. He has had no Carbine to .knock him out this time, but he has not shown any startling* form on the track. Paris may win from end to end. No one who sees his performances in the morning can leave the little fellow out of his Cup calculations, and yet the heroes of these sensational gallops seldom shine in the actual race. It must not be supposed that there is any fear of Paris leaving the race on the track. He has only once been thoroughly extended, and that was yesterday, when he went the two miles, and the boy was told to ride him out so as to let Monaghan see how he would finish. The result thoroughly satisfied Monaghan, and to test the value of the gallop Marvel was sent a mile and a half over the same ground and ridden right out The great son of Marvellous succeeded in making the Flemington record fcr the distance, but as Paris was only a second and a half longer in covering that part of his two miles he must indeed be accounted a wonder in private, and whatever may be his fate when he comes to get bumped about in a big field the son of Grandmaster will be regarded with wholesome dread by the owners of other ho ses until he is beaten. Annesley is well, and Power has been at Ballarat since Saturday trying him, but I don't think Scobie fancies he can win this race. Lyndhurst is a decided outsider, but Muriel is a good mare, and she looks much better than she did last|year. Muriel's form is good, and her connections have backed her for a big stake. King Olaf has been a failure here, but he can gallop, and so can the fillies Litigant and Prelude, but I do not fancy either for this race. Cobham is not a bad sort of horse, but a 7 lb. penalty should stop him. Gatiing may absolutely win if the brate should be in the humour to gallop. He ran well last year, and was prominent all the way in the Caulfield Cup. Stromboli I shall discard, and also Yowi; but the Tyler and Forty Winks, who work together, are a couple of heavily backed outsiders. With no great horses in the race I expect to see Oxide and Strathmore prove very dangerous. No Derby winner has got home since Martini Henry, butyear after year we Seethe youngsters bandy, and both Strathmore and Oxide finish their; daily, gallops as though they could run on for an extra half mile. Pigeontoe looks the best of the others. At present he is under a cloud — a light one, however — owing to Lang having taken him to Mordialloc, but I must keep suoh a fine horse on my side. The lot I'like are Highborn, Correze, Malvolio, Pans, Oxide, Stiathmore, and Pigeontoe. Possibly the whole of these will appear in public next Saturday, and after seeing them perform I must make a final selection. At present I am inclined to think that whatever wins the Derby will go very near winning the Melbourne Cup, Mr. Ferry arrived last night with Simpleton and Bonita. They have both been entered at some of the suburban meetings, and, if he is fresh and well, Simpleton should be able to pick up a hurdle race or two before he returns Lome. The veteran owner and trainer, Mr. T. Ivory, has arrived with the ancient Lancer, who has paid up for the Melbourne Cup. The Port Adelaide Racing Club arc announcing their Christmas Meeting, whioh is to be held on December 26. 