INDIA AND ITS IRRIGATION.— No. XXX. [By the Hon. ALFRED DEAKIN, late Chief Secretary of Victoria.] The Panjab and Its People. A more bracing climate, a wilder aspect of nature on its borders, more important foreign relations, and its more recent annexation have combined to lend, to the Panjab a greater in- terest than that attaching to the older pro vinces, perhapsexclnding the north-vest, with ■which it is so closely allied. The bravery and enudt of its 'people, however, has counted for most with the British, who have proved gallantly appreciative of those who were formerly their most daring foes. Bat though the manlier nature of the people has counted for a good deal in its rapid develop ment it must not be inferred on that account that its popnlatton eaoapee from the categories which embrace tin whole peninsula. There is, perhaps, ? greater variety of nee and more palpably contrasted types than in the rest of Bengal, bat certainly no more heterogeneity than in the south. Kashmerians and Pathans are more frequently seen than die Nepalese ssd Bhutias, who descend from the Himalayas to the eastern districts at their feet, poshing their way in pkmfl pilgrimages as far as Banares or Allahabad, where their long dark hair, large statin* eyes, broad muscular frames, and thick heavy clothing make them con spicuous among the crowds of. sleeker skin, lighter physique, and shaven rfp^miinngg. Among fetois to the Fan jab theKashmeriana bear most resemblance to these peoples of the Eastern Himalayas, Pathans from beyond the Hindu Kush being fiercer, keener, and more energetic.' The Sikhs, themselves a warlike race, dashing in appearance, are leas wolfish •fip^ft the \pnd'tribesmen of tno frontier, who bates the placaity and order of civilised life as jjroch as fejdespises the feebler peoples of the plain, vowing with the old Pindaree— MI were forty years VOTnger, with my life before me tOC&608B, I TOaldgtt* teetered *y Kafirs, or bnffied by fat Sot I'd go to ■"—?? iar off cotzstay, n&ere; \itjeaimam? stall are men, Or take to tiie imiglc. m?*l Cbeetoo, and <li£ in tbs tagrfsden. The Brahmans of thePanjab are less than 1,000,000 fa number, while the Bajpufcs are considerably more than 500,000; the Sikhs gtand first if reckoned as a caste, bat they are only a seventh of the whole body of 7,000,000 Hindus in the province, and these again are outnumbered by the Wnfri-untna/inTn^ who muster over 10.000,000, or more than half of tike tots! number of inhabitants. They are the most backward of all in education, only 1 in <? bejng- alfle to read and write, as against 1 in 17 amongst the Hindus proper, and 1 in 24 ,smm£ the Sikhs. There is in lite Panjab the same substratum of pre-Aryan tribes as elsewhere,-upon whom have been im posed successive layers of Aryan, Scythic, Turkoman, and Afghan invaders. Across the religions and ethic divisions came those of oc cupation. The date, Scythic in origin, are most of tiiem tiindos, though some are but all are agriculturists; a line stalwart race, -whose women work im the fields, and who exhibit a tincture of demo cratic independence and individuality in their behavior. Thefiajputs—most of whom descend from an allied stock—are braver and more quarrelsome, support their chiefs with feudal fealty, and prefer pastoral pursuits mixed with ftaviug to ordinary fanning- The Sikhs xnake c-"font soldiers and good cultivators, djns mirUm tJie cmJuities of the other two <3a£tt£, thar bond of union being religions. The Brahman^ when they go upon die land as the Tagasnate dome, are bad fanners, and asa rule prefer quiet or civic occupation; they enjoy the repntetim ol being bad neighbors. They have grades of their own in aa ascending hierarchy, tat invariably preserve a haughty and insolent attitude to all ouiside their caste. There «ure other jnain tribes, etui as the Rocs, ■who approach closely to Hie Jats, the Gnjaxs, notorioos for thieving and lying, with numerous miscellaneous and menial castes whose pecu liarities it woald be tedious to recapitulate, as all of than have practices, rituals, and deities erf their own. Caste rules compel them always to intenaahy within bounds, but at the same tnnethaeare elaborate provisions against the union of .zdataans, so that no man can marry a gal from his own or even immediately adjoin ang viDag?s, or who is related to the family of Ilia mothsr or his tatter's mother. Suchpro- Itthfrtnn* 'vary mnch among the castes, as do their habits of intocourse. Muhammadans are becoming indifferent to companionship at meals, {hough they often recognise caste restrictions, which among the Hindus prevent eating or ftmAmg between those of different castes. Some castes are of doubtful, others of absolute impurity in the eyes of others. There are, in addition to these divisions by blood, belief and association, some of an heredi _ tary f-harartfr bred in ancient strife, -which sg? separate village from village, so that they wiD not mute for any purpose. Irri gation officers are at times compelled, on this account only, to pot then in distinct canal \- districts. From soch rdics of custom as these one arrives at a clearer conception of what the country was when tent with intestine feuds. race against race, creed against creed, class jg?i¥?rt dam. *m& vJDage against village, and <% tV fijtfieiitHtm with winch -the remnants of these stzxEec acS caste restrictions, when added to the "himh-hW" prejudices still in active operation, 'Qnfuound the task of administra tion. ' -■ Deducting SijQOO sjnare miles returned as imcultoz?bfe.'from the surveyed and assessed area of •SB.flfl? square xmles capable of being tanned, there ? left 45,000,000 acres fit for cul tivation, of which *ths is now under the plough. The total rental paid exceeds £5,000,000, of which about half goes to the •State. There are few large towns, and, as in the ratal India, few of its 34,000 villages exceed I^WO inhabitants, the average being-s*o in each, fcir 177 persons to the Bquare mile. Up to tie ote?? of Una year there were no returns from Bengal proper, and hence, although smaller titan Madras and Bombay, and tie ■same size as the North-west Province, the Panjab showed the largest area under assess ment, and the largest cultivable area yet Tmtonched in any of them. _ But these general * tst&tei;?e?tS'sr? less ixnpresszire and suggestive than *h*? flf^a?l3' l^ Ap^nn^M «<* of particoiar dis tricts ziowever rtiffipi *f^p among tneni selves, are much more faithfully illustrative of the true condition of the country. The seal and capacity which are brought to the dry duties of administration have occasionally found scope for themselves in literary or scientific work, and the Panjab has been happy in the acquisition of two complete studies of its local conditions, that in the west made by Mr. Parser, and that in the east by Mr. Ibbeteon. .Thereport of the latter, both as being the more recent and as more generally typical of the conditians of the peninsula, as a whole may be advantageously noted. The sub jects involved in any criticism of India and its people are so great and the issues involved so many that it ts only by means of special in stances that its problems can be indicated, and their solution vaguely outlined or implied. Mr. IbbetEon's district was situated to the north of .Delhi, dose to the Jumna, and partially im^pfifatyggtem /*a.wal - its chief to wnsflC&mal;, ■ containing 23,000 inhabitants, and Panipst, of historic fame, housiag 2^ooo among its rains. The tract contained nearly 900 square mil**;, of which 400 wete cifl£irated, J 3oo pastured, and the balance barren, maintaining in 1881 about 330 villages and 20^000 people. The whole of it was alluvial stiff loam, in the hollows called ilalar, sand in old river beds or wind banks named bhur, and a mixture of the two termed rmidi, ail being deposited by the Jumna as it worked eastward through the ages. A low lying tract, having a candy soil and water dose to the snrfaoe, extends from the present stream to a 10 ft rise, which marks its utmost flood limits; it is irrigated chiefly -by wells, half of it being under the plough, and 80 per cent, of its cultivation irrigated. Above the bank runs a level slope with a stiff friable soil, half of it farmed and three parts of the cultivation watered by means of a canaL Beyond this again is a higher table land of grassy plains, intersected by baits of trees anfl jangle, with only a fourth of it under cultivation, and that dependent upon a. rain fall declining from 28 in. near the river to IS in. and less in this part, which is chiefly de voted to pasture. In the low-lying laud the wells are but a few feet deep, but in the plateau water is not found except at 90 ft. or preater depths. The intermediate slope i-5 rich in mangoes, and the river bottoms in date palms and luxuriant groves of trees. At Kamal th«re were the finest orchards in Northern India, and there are still throughout this tract many valuable shrubs and natural foods. From the earliest times the chief events ot Hindu history have transpired within this district, or near it, in the City of Delhi, whose varying fortunes it has always shared. It is representative of the Paujab, especially because made tb« thoroughfare of invasion, the three gr*.t awl decisive battles of Panipit being fought within its borders. It suffered from these even more than the western terri tory, and recovered less quickly under British rule. The early emperors bore heavily upon its resources, because of its nearness to their . jialaces; bnt at least they benefited it by means <jf canals and ruled it with some degree of consistency. After the overthrow of the Mughal throne it became a no man's land, wasted by Mahrattas a*d Sikhs alternately, until four-fifths of it relapsed into forest; the few villages that remained fortified strong holds of'inedstery baadsof war with each other and levjnngWackmafl upon all sfcc&ngers.; Toe £e3dB wereejren fiver to beasts of prey, lions being seen in the ■vicinity as late as 1827, while ■ tif&s; seized upon fakirs on the main road. .'•W«tra?4wa«. deer, crocodiles, asd wild fowl still abound in the outlying parts, but when the territory came under the British flag in 1809 they bade fair to be the sole proprietors. Peace brought back die peasants, bat un pardonable misrule by early officials rendered the unfortunate district almost as wretched as in time of war. English rule has not always been beneficent. The taxation was not only excessive but vesatipusly imposed, with the most reckless ignorance and injustice. Every petty chief was permitted to levy transit dues, in addition to the regular Customs charges; the police were notoriously con-opt, bandits flourished, the irrigation was so mismanaged as to ruin thousands of a^res, while the hap less magistrate in charge traversed the district carrying all his criminals with him, since gaol be hid none. The country once more seemed lapsing into barbarism; the villagers, diough as much attached to their homesteads as any people in the world, fled from their ancestral shrines before the blundering exactions of incapable British officialdom. TUe famine of IS2J first opened the eyes of the authorities to die consequences of dicir tyrannous stupidity. The assessment; were revised, and in 1533 again largely reduced. In ISoti old debts were remitted, and in ISI2 a regular settlement was effected, which, how ever inequitable, was an immense improvement upon the former condition of things. Iv ISI7, 1852 and lSoti there were" fresh efforts to adjust the kurdeu to the backs of those who were competed to bear it, and finally it fell to Mr. Ibbetson in 1876-S1 to introduce a scientific system under which it was possible for the unhappy residents at last to realise that a civilised Government not only aims"at justice, but obeys as well as enforces its com mands. Of the people 207,000 are Hindus and 33,000 Muhammadans. Until after the mutiny the hitter worshipped with their neighbors, and still pay a certain homage to tiieir shrine. The Rajputs raise cattle cm the plateau, while the Jats universally, with smaller bodies of Gujars. Rots, Tagas, and Saiyids, apply themselves to cultivation in the lower lands. Individual pro prietorfchip of land was unknown among them until the British regime was introduced, and they were equally ignorant of rent. A number of the villages are still worked, and all are governed on the communal principle; in some the land is divided according to ancestral shares among die several classes of villagers, while in others die titles of individuals are recognised in a limited degree, relating origin ally to the use radier than die oiraershiuof the knds. The misfortune is that here as else where, instead of developing existing systems for the benefit of the cultivator, the rage for landlordism has led to the blind introduction of die principles of English law, with die most disastrous effect in many cases. The whole polity of the daily life of the Hindus is based upon other lines ; die villages are communal in aQ their habits, and are self-governed entirely in a communal spirit. Hospitality is a duty; food, tobacco, and a resthouse are provided in each of them for travellers and officials; they have commonage and its rents; repair their wells and public buildings, such as diey are, maintain their local watchmen, and undertake many civic duties. These expenses are made up out of common revenues and coaimou oon tnbutions, which are said to be arranged with perfect equity. The agriculture, in the same way depends upon association among diemselves, whether for ploughing, sowing, irrigating, or reaping, and it is their intelligent co-operation alone diat makes it possible for diem to succeed as they do. Then again there are tradesmen, such as car penters, cobblers, blaoksmidis, potters, and others, who work for all in the village, and supply their needs by die exercise of their respective crafts, receiving in return certain fixed proportions of the harvest. The taxes in Karnal and neighborhood are still paid in kind, and cervices are reckoned in kind in cul tivation, so that the profit sharing and social orgaxuEatkoi whioh form the ideal of some political thinkers are to be found just as is l&yifp; y^gifapy^alnpi fc^i TKTt lUftPMy 111 Cud ffBMQ* but in a considerable state of development among our fellow-subjects in India. A wise conservatism would have respected these native institutions and enstoms, and hare sought to enconrage their natural evolution and improvement, but unfortunately it was pre ferred to hamper and maim them, and to throst upon the peasants co far as possible die harsher sad more selfish practices of a commensal people infatuated widi individualism, and navmg for dieir ideal of action baying in tbe cheapest and selling in the dearest markets, without regard to taose who bought and sold, or who were bought and who were sold in con- B«uence. The careful rtdistributao? of taxation, realignment of the canal, and construction of public works have now brought die tiaot to a better condition than it has ever enjoyed. If tbtte is nothing like individual advaacs or lecal developments euch as are familiar in Anglo-Saxon communities, it has to be remembered that the increase of population is always up to the limit of subsistence, that nodung more titan subsistence is aimed at by the mass, and that nothing more is jKJSsrble to individual aspirants, if there are any such. AU are reduced to a level at which practically the whole time and the whole strength of each man are needed to sain his bare bread from day to day, The Indian peasant lives in a mud but without owning the land upon which it stands, and sees the HufMtng collapse in time unde. tbe rains since he can build another upon ths same spot with material obtained from the village tank. By this mtm^Ktaaiba are increased in size, and villages elevated higher upon their mounds every year, and in some did sites have actually risen 100 ft. He own die utensils of earth and metal necessary for cooking—the latter of brass if he is a llindo, or of copper if he is a Muhammadan, a few strips of cloth for dress, a few rupees hoarded up for a wedding, and the rest of bis email capital visible to die world in his wife's litde etook of jewellery. He does not, as a rule, owu the land upon which be labors and the wooden imple ments by which be scratches it represent a very few shillings He owns nothing more unless it be an ox or two. His hours of labor are from daylight to dark, widi av,hort rest At midday in die cummer beat. llis food is grain and pulse soaked in water or boded in milk, a porridge of coatee grain, a |iease pudding or boiled rice. The women of his family coak, spin, dean cotton of its seed, grind com, fetch water, and sometimes work in the field. Chil dren are employed ac soon as they are able to tend sheep or cattle or scare birds. All work and always work, Mid for v«ry litde reward. In Mr. IbbetsonV district, though perfectly willing to perjure themselves for a friend if they believed he had right on hi" t*id?, and though always prepared to cheat aa>l deceive die white if not die ttranger. they are tronest in their dealings among themselves, and, no tar an he knew, moral also. Life offers them few pleasures; their sample festival*, their little harvests, and tiieir eternal gos «p sufficing from year to year. A modest people religiously, they believe diemseive* tooKtnall to attract tlie attention of the great gods, and accordingly confine tiieir worship to the Sun, the Jumna, mother earth ? and the gxl of tlw Home, pro pitiating fairies and demons, and especially the deities of tniallpox and kindred complaints!, while carrying witfi diem everywhere a crowd of idle superstition.^. Nothing is done without religious sanction—well sinking, ploughing or harvesting are all ushered in by brief and busi ness like petitions to the unseen powers. They give nothing for nothing, not even prayers. Working at the well mouth is recognised as dangerous, and conseqnentiy becomes a proper place for piety. Hence the natives' proverb, with its shrewd worldly wisdom of summary: —"It is a mad world. People call on God only at the well, and twist their bullocks' tails and prosper/ There is a certain method in their madness, even in tiieir crudest and most childish beliefs about ghosts, omens, charms, horoscopes, lucky numbers, die evil eye, die danger of yawning, and die auspiciousness of .sneezing. They manage to sail as near to the wind of admonition, and as close to the coasts of perdition, as other Pharisees in more civilised communities, minimising self denial and cajoling angry deities fay judicious bribes to their priests, from whom they obtain a con siderable latitude of self- indulgence. By such familiar compromises widi reason and con science one is enabled to discern die relationship of the Hindus to peoples widi whiter com plexions. They are the touches of nature which make the whole world kin, Unking the ! quiet, submissive, silky minded Oriental to his Caucasian master, whose brusque manners and hauglity peremptoriness of command might seeni at times to create a suspicion that he believed himself a beiDgof another order. Aa are the people of the Panjab .so are the people of the whole peninsula, constituting the base and body of its social pyramid, of which only the apex and surface are coated widi a thin facing of conventional civilisation. They constitute the entity to wliich we refer as •'lndia/' all the niaguiticenoe of its niouu taii;s, sxyul'P of illimitable plains, flow of si:i> ib rivers, and daz/.ling glory of irresistible twi furnishing only a background for this bulk of sayr-ge :ife raid patieut labor. Towns count for little, and die townsman, noisy as he is, for JfcF.-, in i!ii> sum cf the national existence. Tije village and the villager are its real units, and iio.c, i,trha|).-, titan in any part of the world the peasant is the typical citizen—die coiiS'-rvatiNc subbtrataui upon which all rests— in whose- breast the wild creeds, intense c&ste; feeling and uoprogressive character of the race stand revealed in all their pristine and ever enduring power. Hisnorrowuess, sectarian prejudice, and coniidendy illiterate ignorance are baliaioed by homely virtue and geotle nesscs, which his chiefs exhibit in a less marked degree. Playing no part in public affaire, furnishing a small proiKutiouonlyof the ruling class, subject to strange masters and always the terf>: and creatures of those of tiieir own blood who may liappen to bain power, the ryots have urefcerved healthier qualities and ■nobler traits thau their wealthy aristoaraeies or reigning families. Their lot is the lot of the many in most countries- unc^sayng toiL unnoted pleasures, uimiqiiited sufferings and [ unrecorded a*p;rations. History ignores them, traditio? discards them, poeuy disdainfully jwsses then by. And still to have innocently helped to feed their fellows may yet be held more honorable than to have wasted farms or sacked cities; to'have reaped the harvest of the seasons better than to have sown ambition* and garnered pride or fame, "We may talk what we please of lilies and lions rampant, and spread eagles in fields if or or <Targc:U, but if heraldry were guided by reason a plough in a field arable would be the most noble and ancient arms." 