THE LESSEES' LAND PURCHASE BILL. -?---? as? ' -.? so THE common or ran granted. . Sirs-I have lived some time and have soon some strange sights, that I never thought to BOO in this title animals Lessees to purchase ' their holdings in certain cases. ", . , The contents of the but one : 1. To force the owner to sell his property whether he wished to do so or not, J. To soil at a price very much below what could be obtained in the open market, very much below what the lessees who would buy are very willing to give. As the people, by their representatives, are to be affixed to pass this bill, which would so unjustly treat 1 owners of leasehold properties, let us see if any benefits could accrue to the people, not in justification, for of that there could be none, but in palliation of such a wrong. Take one place where those, leaseholds largely abound, and from where this- hill, I believe, originated, Woollahra. The beautiful proportions there, when passed into the lessees' hands, may be more lavishly decorated, he still more fitted to become the abode of wealth and fashion, but they would add not one penny more to UKI men of the borough, nor pay one penny more to Um late.-! of Um country than they would remaining the property of the lessor. On what 1 ends, thou is Parliament to he asked to interfere between lessors and lessees to take from the one his natural rights to give to the others thousands of pounds to which they have no legal, equitable, or moral claim? as Parliament may be asked to pass this bill in a modified form, giving the losses fair compensation (if such can be done) for what he is deprived of I will ask to say a few words for the lessor against the principle which many honestly, hut, I think, erroneously main tain that he should be compelled to sell. Why? And if he, why he more than the owner of any other kind of property ? The looses are agreements between two parties, (generally business people, in which without any necessitous influence or pressure oned has entered into a contract supposed to be mutually beneficial, to the Cooper Estates, looking; at the contacts in the light of the present day, they have been essentially profitable for the lessee ; there are actual cases where he has leased for -ttyO an acre what he can now sub-let, without any improvements, at MOO up here. And where he hits acted on strict, business principles and Ima put by and re-invested year by year the taint sum which at the end of the 50 years will return him his capital expended, he, notably out here at Um present day, stands in a better position than if he had originally purchased the foo entitle. The question therefore can have no claim on Parliament to interfere on his behalf. He Those leasehold in preference to freehold, and linn derived large benefits from it, and has no more right to ask Parliament to vary his agreement than any other person in the community has a right to ask that his agreement, of whatever kind, made under the laws of the land and without expectation of retrospective legislation, should be varied. The only other party who has a claim for consideration, than, is the general public, and how I ask shall it be benefited if this hill be mollified and passed ? These houses have all building covenants, and Uto lands are all more or less largely built upon, and there are covenants in the leases that the properties shall kept in good, thorough and substantial repair. They furnish 11.1 good homes far the occupiers, and contribute us largely to municipal and Government lovoniioB no freehold properties Would do. The occupier, in all cases, require roads andíoolpnl. , water, gas, and shower accommodation, with all the other requisites (uni necessaries of daily life, and con tributes as largely as other), therefore, to the employ amount of labour, the circulation of money, and they production of wealth. Hence the existence of ghosts leaseholds brings no loss to the prosperity and social well-being of the community. That the leasing of land is not injury done to a people's success and comfort is proved by the present state of the Boroughs of Woollahra, Waterloo, and Alexandria, where most of Um lands are leasehold. Having regard to Um different classes residing therein, they compare most' favourably with the other submission the city indeed, if we takotiinllhiokly-jionulalod part of Woollahra where the cuvimiuiU of the leases prohibited public houses, the width, naval, and landing, of the streets, the decency of the houses, and the prottUioss noel wholesomeness of the trees and gardens, make it one of the most desirable of residence in any part film suburbs of Sydney. Yet this is leasehold property, which yields Mr. Cooper only is per cent. on what was the capital value of the land corner HO years ago, but it has brought large value to many, come potency to some, and v, item I wrong to none. ? Why should not a may be allowed to lease for 99 years 110 well as to sell his freehold The working man frequently proctors toleration ; the little (inpitttlhohas (jfvodhocanthou Spend in building, and an do this for his occupancy of his late, without having to borrow, and if he prefers to do this in preference to buying the freehold, and borrowing to build, why should a. paternal Government stop in and say, you shall do the one, but not the other ? Anyhow, if Parliament may be asked to decree Unit 20 years should not be permitted, which this bill if. passed really means, I question its moral right to say that those leases, which have wronged no one and which have been granted in accordance with, the base of the land, shall t» annulled. One WORTH more and T time alone : and I speak now as a citizen and not as 0110 connected with the Cooper estates. T assert that there is a departure from principles involved in this kind of frustration that must always by injurious to a nation who adopt it. It is the imperative duty of ((government to see that fair and honest contracts, which do wrong to none, faith- fully and honourably kept on one side shall be faith-. fully and honourably kept 011 the other side. | F J nm, i.s., If. HANSABg 