LECTURE BY MR, CRICK, M.P. " A BLOODLESS REVOLUTION. " Mr. W. P. Crick, M.P., on Tuesday night in St. IScnedicfc's-hall, George- street West, de livered a lecturo entitled " A Bloodless Re volution." Tiie hall wu.3 well filled aud the chair was occupied by Mr. W. H. Traill, M.P. Among those who occupied seats on the platform wore Messrs. O'Suilivau and Hoyle, Ms. P., Alderman J. D. Young and a number of the Roman Catholic clergy. Mr. Crick, who met with an enthusiastic reception, spoke for about an hour and a half, lie announced that monarchy was doomed, and that wo only had to look at tiie most civilised nation in the world to fully realise the sources and curses tlmt followed in its train. We had been visited by royalty, but if no more good accompanied it in future than on that occa sion its members had better stop at home. The lecturer apostrophised Sir Henry Parke's in strong terms for the calumnious charges lie had hurled against a large section of a law-abiding nation when he luul declared in bis position as the head of the State before his Royal Highness arrived here that an attempt was to be made upon his life. He had first- made his charges at Kiama, and it seemed irony to think that lie had again gone to the self-same place, depressed and de feated, to try and raise tiie ghost. He referred to the action of Mr. (.4. H. Reid in raising tho sectarian cry in the House, and averred that ho ought to be condemned from one end of the country to the other. Tho other morning in one of the papers it was said to be a peculiar cniu&id-mcu; that all the Catholics voted in the division for the Government and against Mr. Roid. He did not know whether that was true or not. It was a matter for gratirication to every man wlio went into Parliament now that he went thereto advocate national reforms, and when they saw men imbued with the onespirit could auv impartial man think there was any such thing as a religious movement at the bot tom V The only titles wo would have in the democracy of the future would be titles of worth. The legislation of the future would bo that what was sauce for the goose was sauce for the gander. In tho past the goose luul been the poor worker, whilst the gander had been his employer. Hu did not consider the late events iu our public life would retard the cause of labor. He believed tho split-up in the labor party was a premonition of a still greater victory for those who repre sented tho ma-es. He did not think men like Cotton, Black or Danahcy had any claim to bo anything but representa tives of themselves, but being caught on tho great democratic wave they were pitched aloim into Parliament, from whicn they would shortly bo hurled back agaiu into obscurity and oblivion. In his opinion, if there was another election now all the bogus members would go under and there would be a far greater number of true labor men in the House. We had evidences here that whatever changes were made must be through means of parliamentary procedure and an appeal to the intelligence oi the people rather than by tho sword and the baton. Tiie blood- le3H revolution wuis going on even now and would soon be worked out by the masses. 