The Storyteller. Hypnotism With a Vengeance. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER 1. BY ICHOR. Considerable obscurity still involves some of the phenomena attending the practice of hypnotism, but that the business may be fraught with quite unexpected dangers is clearly proved by the following narrative. The barque Calypso, Captain Davis, was on her way from England to Cape Town, where she had to deliver a portion of her cargo. From thence she would proceed to Western Australia to discharge the remainder, and to land some seventy or eighty steerage passen gers. She was a comfortable, well-found ship, with a good seaman for her commander; but he was of a gloomy, morose disposition, and a most rigid disciplinarian, officers and crew alike standing in great awe of him. At the same time he was perfectly just, never finding fault without reason, and his harsh nature was largely attributable to a sad occurrence which had embittered his life. He had seen his only son dragged down by a shark while bathing, and from that hour he declared war against the rapacious monsters, never missing an opportunity of destroying one, and even sometimes delaying his vessel a little in order to effect his purpose. As soon, however, as the brate was fairly hooked and noosed his interest in it ceased, and he did not even look at it being hauled on board and despatched, but retired to his cabin, or to the extremity of the bluxl. where h'» »a.i down to brood over his sorrow, after adding another figure to his record of sharks destroyed. Owing to emigrants being taken upon this voyage the Calypso required a doctor, and the owners fulfilled the law by engaging at a very moderate cost the services of one who desired a holiday, and to make a sea trip. Dr. O'Leary, as he was called on board—though he did not possess the letters M.D.—waa not in large praotice, and he could easily arrange for a locum tenentem ; but he had a decided hobby, and this was—mesmerism. O'Leary quickly realised the fact that the oaptain would stand no nonsense, and he feared that he would not be able to indulge his hobby. Neither with the emigrants, who were berthed forward, nor with the crew did he dare to play any pranks; but there was one person upon whom he cast longing eyes, as he seemed from his physique to be a likely subject, and that waa Binks, the cabin boy. Unfortunately, how ever, he was the one person for whom the oap tain oalled more frequently than for any one else in the ship, so that O'Leary could never have been sure of him for five minute 3 together. Although Binks was rated as cabin boy, he was quite 17 years of age, or more, but he looked much younger, owing to his short stature and Blight frame. He was a gentle, harmless lad, almost verging on weakness of intellect, though he oould not positively be set down as defective in that respect, and the cap tain had taken him out of charitable considera tion for his widowed mother. He neither bullied the youth himself nor did he allow any one else to do so. Oaptain Davis had an old onstom of taking a long sleep in the afternoon, when his ship had reached warm latitudes, and was in the trade winds, so that his attention might be re laxed. This lasted exaotly an hour and a quarter, if nothing occurred to disturb it, and the captain had acquired suoh a habit of awaking to the minute that his reappearance oould be counted upon as if it had been timed by a clook. O'Leary, hearing that this was a regular institution, determined to take advan tage of it. The Calypso had no saloon passengers, though she could aooommodate half a dozen or so, and while the oaptain took his siesta the vicinity of the cabin was generally undisturbed. O'Leary easily persuaded Binks to be his sub ject, and he was able to obtain a clear hour each afternoon, using an empty state-room, where there was a good sofa, though the bunks had been dismantled. The weather on the whole had been pro pitious, but when the Calypso was about four days' sail from Cape Town there were indica tions of a change, not so pronounced, how ever, as to prevent the oaptain and others not in the watch on deck who cared to follow suit from taking their repose. O'Leary was engaged as usual, and he had reaohed a highly interest ing point, with Binks in a satisfactory state of trance. He had never yet^been able to make the latter speak while in that state, but today he thought, from certain signs, that he would succeed in so doing. Early in the day a sail had been made out to the eastward, and before Captain Davis retired this was seen to be a brig, bound south. She was closing with the Calypso, either with the object of speaking, or possibly, because she did not intend to call at Cape Town. When Captain Davis had been asleep for half an hour the brig signalled, and she was ascer tained to be the Hope, from Cardiff for Cape Town. Her captain's leg had been accidentally broken on the previous day, and she asked whether the Calypso had a doctor on board who could come to set the limb. Just as the request had been interpreted, O'Leary, who had heard nome unusual sounds, slipped out of the cabin in order to ascertain whether he would have to awaken Binks and beat a retreat. The chief officer, whose name was Bay, told him what was going on, and said that he was about to oall the oaptain. This startled O'Leary, who saw that he must get rid of Binks before the oaptain was ap proached. He therefore said that he would oall the latter, as he was going back to the oabin. But alas for O'Leary t As he was on his way, not to the captain's room, but to the other end of the cabin in order first to despatch Binks, the former opened his door, and asked what was the matter. His practised senses, even in sleep, had told him that something unusual was happening. Then O'Leary had to stop and tell what had occurred. The captain, still yawning, sat down to listen, and then told him to bear a hand, and get ready quickly to board the brig. O'Leary had to hurry off to obtain what he wanted from the dispensary, with no excuse for going to the room where Binks lay, but he still hoped to have an opportunity of awakening him. When he returned, however, although the captain had gone on deck, he had sent the steward to the oabin to expedite the doctor's movements, so that Binks had to be left to take his chance. A boat had already been hoisted out, and soon O'Leary was on his way to the brig, both vessels being hove to. Captain Davis oalled to him to be as quiok a3 he could, the weather having a threatening appearance. Long before the operation was completed a heavy squall came on, and though there was a slight lull afterwards it was but momentary, the wind beginning to blow strongly. The sea rose quickly, rendering it impossible for the boat, which was the smallest belonging to the Calypso, to return until the weather moderated. The gale was sharp while it lasted, but it blew itself out in twelve hours. During the night both crews had their hands full, and when daylight came the vessels were not in sight of each other. It was annoying to Cap tain Davis to lose his boat's crew and doctor, but he recovered them at Cape Town, where the Hope arrived a day laterthan he did. Of course Binks had been wanted, but he was called for in vain. The steward suggested that he had perhaps accidentally broken some thing, and was hiding, in order to be out of the way whon it should be discovered. He was ex pected to turn up by the next morning at latest, and in the meantime the captain, though annoyed, was too busy to give muoh thnuaht to the matUr- • • • The steward, like a sensible man, turned in to sleep pretty much as usual, bis duty not requiring him to wait upon gales; but he dreamed that Binks oame to his coach, and by the dim light in the companion way he saw that he was dead. The figure, after looking at him mournfully for a few moments, disappeared in the darkness of the cabin. When the steward arose next morning he saw that Binks had returned, and was lying in his berth, this being simply a corner of the sofa in the saloon. He went to him and shook him roughly, but tho lad did not rise, and then the appalled steward saw that he was stiff and cold. His face was that of a corpse, but the teeth were tightly olenched, and the eyes, which were slightly open, seemed fixed and lustreless. The captain, who had been on deok all night, was then lying down, but the steward made his report to Mr. Bay, who came to look at Binks and pronounced him to be dead. The supposed dream must have been a reality, Binks in his trance having an intense desire to return to his own sleeping place, which enabled him to perform the act of somnambul ism. He stopped for a moment by the sofa where the steward lay, and after reaching his own place he relapsed into deeper trance than before. The steward, being almost asleep, believed that this was a dream, and told it as such. Bay was unwilling to disturb the captain, but the latter was not long in appearing, and he also when he saw Binks said that he was dead. It was a mysterious affair, but one thing was oertain, that the body must be buried. Poor Binks in his living death was sewn up in canvas, with his clothes on and a lump of coal at his feet, and launched over board. The steward was cautioned to say nothing about his dream to the sailors, but he had already told it with embellishments, and the cabin thenceforth had a ghost. O'Leary was fearfully shocked at the tragical end of his ex periments, but he took care to keep his secret, and in his own mind he could account for the the steward's dream. Chapter 11. On reaching Western Australia Captain Davis found a return freight ready, with prompt despatch, so that the Calypso went home by the way she had come. No one re gretted this but O'Leary, who wished to see the Pacific; but of course he was not consulted, and indeed, the emigrants having left, he was no longer required. The ship, however, had engaged to bring him home, so Captain Dayis advertise1! for saloon passengers, with the in ducement of a surgeon being carried, and ob tained four, all of the male sex. They were Eleasant, genial fellows, but although O'Leary ecame pretty intimate with them he never once touched upon his favourite topic, having had enough of mesmerism to last him for a long time. The steward, however, confided the ghost story to them, though he asked them not to speak of it to the captain or officers. The Calypso did not touch at the Cape a second time, and a week of so after pa-sing it she was near the spot where she had fallen in with the Hope on the outward voyage. Light baffling winds prevailed, and the vessel made little progress, but there seemed to be a pros pect of some exortement, as a huge shark had been seen. For some reason, however, it was shy and would not approaoh very near to the ship, though it hung about her neighbourhood, having now been visible for three days. Only one had been seen at a time, and the men were sure that it was always the same shark follow ing the ship for some mysterious reason, as it had behaved throughout in a uniform manner, rushing towards the vessel until it was within a few fathoms, and then sheering off to remain out of sight for perhaps an hour or two. Of course the fishing tackle had been brought out, and Captain Davis was particularly anxious to destroy this shark, as its movements exas perated him. It was all to no purpose, how ever, the creature declining to be tempted. On the third day there was a dead calm, the sails flapping idly to the lazy roll of the vessel. While waiting for breakfast two of the passen gers were lying on a rug under the awning spread over the quarter-deck, and one was re lating to the other a strange experience of the previous night. He had slept badly owing to the heat, and at one time, when lying awake, he had heard the sound of loud whispering in the saloon, which induced him to rise and look out of his cabin, thinking that some of his fellow-passen gers were up, being, like himself, unable to sleep. He saw nothing, though he still heard the whispering,.apparently coming at one time from his right 6ide and at another from his left; now seemingly close to him, and again far away. Much mystified, and feeling rather creepy as he remembered the " ghost story," he returned to his bunk, fancying, moreover, that he had made out the words continually repeated — "For heaven'* sake, release me, and Ut me die." The captain appearing at that moment, the story was repeated to him, and met with loud ridicule. •• Why, man," he said, " one hears all sortg of sounds in calms like this. Your whispering was the gentle rubbing of the ropes, and your fancy made out the words. There are no ghosts in this ship." It was odd that the captain should have been so positive, since the steward had brought him a precisely similar tale that morning, and he had told him roughly not to be a fool, nor to spread any such nonsense in the ship. But he was puzzled when he heard that the words had sounded the same to two independent hearers, and he felt vaguely uncomfortable about the matter. The doctor was not very well that morning, and turned up just in time for breakfast, look ing worried and out of sorts. The whispering ghost was discussed at table, and laughed at by all except the passenger who had heard it. O'Leary sooffed with the rest, and thought it unnecessary to mention that he, also, had not only heard the sound,, but had recognised the voice. The shark came nearer to the ship on this morning than it had previously done, moving slowly past, almost alongside. It was a huge ■■-ii ta. nftaflv 20ft. lono*. with £*rßfld> eves", but still it did not take the bait readily; passing to and fro, and listlessly regarding it, as if beneath its notice. At last it turned on its side, and the morsel vanished in the great chasm of a mouth. Never was there snch a our of a shark. He showed scarcely any fight, and seemed to have had very little vitality to begin with; as be was lying on deok disabled, with his tail severed, in far less than the usual time for suoh a monster. His appearance was strange, as he was greatly emaciated, but in the region of the stomach his body was much swollen, and one old sailor remarked to another of the hands, "It's my belief, Bill, that that 'ere beggar's swallowed a barrel, and has starved because he had no room to stow any grub." Then the stomach itself was carefully opened, and out rolled a large lump of coal, but the bulk of the cargo was'to come. '•I'm blessed if there ain't a plaster himage inside," said the boatswain as he tugged out something which looked very like it. It was, in fact, a human figure, quite nude, and seemingly made of chalk, until the touch revealed its softness. No human artist, however, could have produoed so realistio a statue, perfect even to the eyelids and the long hair. Every one pressed forward to see this strange sight. If it had not absorbed all attention O'Leary's appearance could not have failed to attract notice as, withdrawn from the circle, he leaned sick and faint against the bulwarks. At the first glance he had recognised the body of Binks, and the consequent revulsion was too much for him. Chapter 111. The captain was not present at this stage of the proceedings, having withdrawn as soon as the shark was fairly secured, but the steward was among those who stood by. ** By Jingo!" he said after attentively looking at the blanched features, •• I believe it is poor Binks. Yes, I'm sure it is, for there is the mole on his obeek." At this the sailors all recoile.l, falling baok a step or two, and mnrmuvings about a Jonah, and an unluoky voyage, began to rise. There was a pause, broken by the mate saying, " He had better go baok into the sea." ■' Yes, he ave the thing overboard," more than one of the men replied ; and, though there was general disinclination to touch the body, two of them at last stepped forwar d to carry out the suggestion, when O'Leary interposed. He had had time to recover his equanimity, and he had determined to do his duty, riUliough he fully expected that exposure and disgrace would be the result to himself. He now said, " No, the matter must be looked into since it is out of reason for a body to remain unnhi.ngod for so many months. Carry it to ray cabin." At this the mate fired up. '• Are you boss here, or am I?" he said. Then, turning to the men, he continued, " Do as I toll you." O'Leary stepped between. " I don't pretend to be boss over you or any one else, but that body must not gO overboard. I appeal to the captain." No one, not even Bay, desired the presence of the captain, who was sitting aft in a brown study, and the former sulkily replied, •• If he wants the stinking thing in his cabin let him have it. He may eat it, if ho likes, for me." O'Leary persuaded two of the hands to wash the body and oonvey it to his room, whore he locked himself in. The body had been coated with a cheese-like deposit, and thn skin was bleached as white as paper, which had given it the appearance of wet chalk. After the lapse of a quarter of an hour O'Leary nailed to the steward for some brandy, and he then shut the door again. There was a yell of horror, and a qnick stam pede of one or two men who were about, when, some time afterwards, O'Leary issued from the passage leading to the cabins, holding Binks by the hand. The latter wore a blanket cloakwise, and walked extremely well for a corpse, or even for a ghost, but hi3 physical powers were almost unimpaired by his trance, with tlu* single ex ception that he was quite blind. His lips had recovered their natural tint, and there was a slight colour in his cheeks, but otherwise the chalky whiteness remained, and altogether he was a ghastly object. O'Leary took Binks up on the quarter-deck to the captain, who had been apprised of the find ing of the body, bat who nevurthclesi staved in open-mouthed astonishment, noi. unmix-id with dread, when it walked up to him. He began to pour a volley of questions into the doctor, who, however, interrupted him by saying that he would take Binks back to the cabin before dis cussing him. This done, O'Leary, who had already ascer tained that Binks had scarcely any recollection of having been mesmerised, and none whatever of subsequent events, gave his explanation to the captain. The lad had fallen into a catalep tic state closely resembling death, although he was still living. When he was thrown into tho sea the shark swallowed him before he sunk far, and, being so large a brute, he did so ut a gulp without injuring the body. liiuks, in his trance, required neither food nor air, and the shark soon found that he had a tenant who was more than a match for hiin. Tho canvas covering and all clothing had been quickly digested, but the now naked body ilelied the action of the gastric juice, inasinuuli as it was living flesh, as did also the lump of coal. These two bulky articles would have killed the shark in time by starvation, as he could not take sufficient food. The blindness, O'Leary thought, would be but temporary. It probably arose through the skin of the eyeballs being clouded, and when this regained its normal condition the sight would be restored. Binks believed that he was still on the out ward voyage, and he continued to think so until the .ship was near England, and his sight was returning. To avoid too great a shock he was cautiously told that he had had a severe illness, with a long period of unconsciousness. Some of the men were cruel enough to tell him of his having been swallowed by the shark, but he took this for an attempt to hoax him. O'Leary did not try to mesmerise him again, having no desire to awaken awkward recollec tions ; and Binks's complexion for a long time after his arrival was, to-say the least of iba remarkable. 