THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By WALTER BESANT.] What do people want in their newspapers ? One might find'a thousand answers. But the only practical answer is to be obtained by getting a really popular paper and analysing its contents. This I have done for my own curiosity. The paper I have taken in is one of very wide circulation. Whether it is a London or country paper does not matter. It costs one penny. It consists of 96 column3 and contains 125,000 words, very nearly as much as an ordinary three- volume novel* Only you must not think, as people usually do, that all three- volume novels are of the same length. The arrangement of the matter is nob, so to speak, hard and fast. That is to say, there are surprises. Next to a column of domestic news will come one of foreign intel ligence. And there are whole columns of paragraphs - news and personalities - for which one would think that all the papers of the whole world must be ransacked. As for the division of foreign news, which in the Times takes up generally a whole page and a half, or an eighth parb of the reading apart from advertisements, in this paper it takes up three columns and a half, or about a twentieth part; home news of a political kindj seven columns, or about a tenth part j law and police, twenty columns, or a fifth; fiction, four columns ; poetry, half a column; original paper, three columns; answers to correspondents, six columns; the garden, three columns; book reviews, half a column {!); gossip, fifteen columns; odds and ends, two columns; sport, three columns; the volunteers, one column; the markets, one column; and clippings, two columns. The paper is a very good paper, and it may very well be taken to exhibit the popular mind. Observe, therefore, that the people don't buy books-you've gob to belong to the other people before you buy books; that the people like to read about crime and its consequences; that they like general gossip; thab they are fond of - gardening; thab they are equally fond of sport; that foreign polities interest them bub libtle, and the state of the markets interest them less. " As for myself," a lady observed to me the other day, "I hardly like to take up a paper. It is full of ' sad and miserable things.' " So it certainly is. Full-of miserable things-in quests, trials, police cases, suicides, murders, forgeries, insurrections, famines, inundations, riots, and political party speeches. The last of course are the saddest things of all. It is in the nature of history-rather the day by day history than Grand History with capital letters-to be full of sorrows. Happiness, you see, wants no chronicle. When a country is prosperous, when the world is at peace, the newspapers are profoundly dull; the great metropolitan journals sink to the level of the Poughkeepsie Gazette; but for' the occasional death of a wealthy citizen they would be in tolerable. Bub there are always little excite ments-the misery of the detected sinner; the example^ of the prodigal; some injustice; some_ thieving; ana really the world is so full of thieves that the papers can never, as long as they live, be really dim. Take, again, the quiet happy life which some times lingers on, like thesunshineof an August day, to the very end. Can we. chronicle thab life ? Can we put a paragraph in the papers saying that John and Mary are 60 years of age, and that they love each other as much as ever they did, and that their children have turned out well, and that the work of their hands has prospered ? No. It is only when John gets runover-when Mary , dies-when one of the boys is disgraced-that this couple appears in the papers. It is the same with nations. So long as they have no wars and no insurrections the papers t let them alone. Who has ever heard of Switzerland ? Nobody. Who knows the Norwegians? Nobody. History is the record of crime, of disasters, of wars, of rebel lions, of fires and famine, of plague and pesti lence. Of late a few other. things have been added-inventions, science, and books. But still the staple of history and of the daily press are those ugly things above set forth. The same lady complained of the sadness of modern fiction. She says that there is a cer tain magazine in which one heroine at least is murdered by the author every month. Let us hang that author. Bub she is quite right. Fiction is becoming sad. Why? One may suggest two or three reasons. For instance, the world has grown sad; youth, even, is sad; the old rollicking merriment is quite gone; if such a man as Theodore Hook were to appear among us we should stare at him in wonder. Next, pathos is easier than humor; for one man or woman who can writs a humorous, merry, laughable, high spirited story, there are a dozen who can write a melancholy story. It is easy; it is effective; editors like a sorrowful story; the public like to weep. Yet, my friends, when they do get a man who can . make them laugh, how they do go for that man ! There is one Rudyard Kipling; bub of Mary Wilkins (whom I love) there are a dozen. We read our Mary Wilkins and we cry; we take our turn in patience for our Mary Wilkins; but for copies of our Rudyard Kipling we fight. It is a great thing to make the people cry, but it is greater to make them laugh. I have been reading a book extremely clever and very life-like. It should be presented as a lesson book to all rich men and to all who desire as the first thing in the world to become rich. The book is called " Caesar's Column;" it is a story, by Ignatius. Donnelly, of the twentieth century. The upper classes, nob an aristocracy of birth or of intellect, but of riches, have completely subjugated the rest of the people ; they have reduced them to a con dition of abject and hopeless wretchedness. They give them the barest wage that will enable them to subsist; they have got a strong police, repressive laws, and a strong army on their side; they allow no meetings; worst of all, they have got the press on their side. The rest you may learn for yourselves. It is the situation alone which I suggest for your con sideration. Will a time ever come when rich men will be absolute masters? If so God help the world! For then such a position as that described in this book would inevitably follow. I think we could get over the sweating and the repressive laws; we should rise and trample them down, the thing which would kill the world and keep it dead would be the treason of the press. No freedom of speech, no freedom of meeting, no freedom of the press! Think of what these things mean. And of all these three mighty forces in this new civilisation of the nineteenbh century, which is nothing short of the emanci Eation of man, by far the mightiest has itherto been the freedom of the press. If that were stopped, if without any laws to stop it, editors and proprietors should sell them selves and their papers to the side which has the money so as to silence the side'which has none, I believe that the situation described in this book would actually follow. The degra dation of the press; the venality of the press there is no danger, of all the dangers which constantly threaten the advance of the world, which is so terrible as this-which would in flict such awful mischief upon the world. This is a tale of the metropolitan police. - lb happened yesterday, that is to say it is hap pening to-day, and will happen again to morrow. There are two sisters, one of them, a widow between 30 and 40 years of age, is a dressmaker in partnership with an unmarried woman of her own age. Both parties are be yond reproach or suspicion. The widow's sister, a much younger person, is housemaid to a lady living in a London suburb. She has been in the same place for six or seven years, and she enjoys the fullest confidence of her mistress. One unlucky evening, her master being away, she took a night out to see her sister, the widow above mentioned. They went together to a music hall. The place was full; they had to sit quite at the back; the girl took off her hat and jacket and held them in her lap. On the bench before them sat a working man with his wife. The fellow kepb getting up, going to the bar for a glass of beer and returning. According to the dressmaker ; he was already mu2zy with beer, when he suddenly turned round and caught the girl by the wrist. " I've got you now," ne said, "I've felt your hand in my pocket all the evening," A policeman was called, and the girl was marched off to the nearest police-station. Here the charge was entered, and the girl was looked up for the night. Let us remark at .this stage one or two points. A policeman ought to know very well that a servant cannot possibly pick pockets: only those pickpockets who have been trained in that profession. Next, what sort of pocket picking was that with which the girl was charged? The man had got a pocket placed behind the usual posi tion for safety. Imagine this pocket, tightened by the curve of the figure and the abbibade of sitting, and think of the absolute impossibility of even a trained pickpocket getting nis fingers to the bottom of the pookeb and extracting 4s. 6d. in separate coins. No one could do it; the thing is impossible; yet this is what a girl, unskilled and untaught in the art of picking pockets, was charged with doing; the working man said so. He said thab he Had had his pocket picked of four shillings and sixpence. Only two shil lings, it is true, were found in the girl's purse when she was searched. Next, the impossi bility of the crime being apparent to any per son with the least power of reasoning, comes the question-Was it nob possible to communi cate by telegram with the girl's mistress? Is there no telegraphic connection between police offices? A telegram would have instantly settled the question of her identity and pre sumable respectability, because, as I said be fore, pickpockets are trained and taught,, not born, and servants who may steal wine and beer and mutton do not and cannot pick pockets. Or was it not possible for a polioe man to go with the dressmaker to her house and establish at least her respectability ? Not) at all. Not the least step was taken; the girl was locked up in a beastly police cell, swarming with vermin, all tha night. In the morning she was brought before the magistrate. She had simply lo3b her wifca with terror and shame. She could only gasp she could say nothing. Her sister going into the box also seems to have lost her head. Tha magistrate remanded the girl for a week and refused bail, unless to the tune of forty pounds. How on earth was a humble dressmaker to get forty pounds ? The working man was present to give evidence. He had felt the girl's fingers in his pocket; he had lost four and six. Back went the girl to prison, no longer weeping, bub dazed. Row again there was plenty pi time to prove the truth of the girl's assertion. A telegram, the dispatch of a policeman to the girl's mistress, anything would have done it. The mere reasoning power of an intelligent) man would have done it, as we have seen. The girl's master returned j she was bailed out by him; a solicitor was procured. When the girl was again brought up the working man, observing the solicitor, remarked that he should "jack it up," and did, retiring from the court with his wife. The girl was not, therefore, placed in the dock, and went home with her friends. The solicitor has sent in a bill for six or seven pounds, I believe. That is a tidy pull for a servant. The working man and "his wife are said to have received five shillings a day each as witnesses. The girl has had a shock that will be remembered all her life, and as to the intelligence and the humanity of all concerned I leave you, dear reader, to judge. For, as I have said twice already, if there is one thing more certain ,than another, no servant girl ever yet picked pockets, and still less would a servant girl try to poke her hands down to the bottom of a long and tight pocket to pick out coins. If I were that servant girl I would draw up the case briefly and pre sent it at the police court and ask for that seven pounds out of the Poor Box. I The appearance of a name in the third column of the Tivies-the same namo, but not the same man-reminds me of the sad story of j my old friend Alick MacAdam, a Highlander, ; of the Clan Chattan, and how he lost a fortune j through . . . . but you shall hear, j Alick had a great-aunt who lived in Scotland. 1 She was a very ancient lady, and she had a , property which, by reason of her always living j within a third of her income, had beoome very considerable indeed by the time she reached her I 90th year, when she died. She was a very ' serious person, and, I believe, amember of the TT.P. Church, unless she was one of Mr. Barrie's " Auld Lichts." She made no secret of her preference for this grand-nephew over and above all the rest of her relations on ac count of the serious turn which in early youth distinguished him from his compeers. His j uncles had been far from serious; one or two of . them indeed had shown deplorable worldli- I ness; his jaunts had betrayed frivolity in j various directions; this boy alone was serious. ! As happens to most young Scotchmen, he presently went abroad to one of the colonies. He remained abroad for six years. His seriou3 turn-but this of course his great aunt, with whom he corresponded, could not know-took another kind of turn, a turn for the worse what shall I say ?-a lamentable turn. He be came, in fact, exactly like his friends andcom panions; he danced and he flirted, he was seen at horse races, he laid bets upon the horses, he played cards, yea, even baccarat, loo, and vingt-un; he seldom refused the proffered whisky and soda. But these sad facts, I say, his great aunt could not suspect from the tone of his letters, which remained serious. In fact, as he himself said, it was impossible to write to her. in any other lan guage. As well offer a sermon to the editor of Punch, and expect to get it inserted! The time came when he _ was able to run home for a year's holiday. The first thing he did, after a little _ spell in London-no doubt on the serious side of London-was to go down into Scotland and pay a visit to his great-aunt. He found , her . still in the possession of all her faculties which was, of course, a great joy to him-a little more feeble, and if anything more serious than ever. She herself read the chapter in the evening, and conducted the family devotions. She did not forget, however, that the more serious a Scotchman is, and her nephew looked very serious indeed, the greater is his devotion to whisky, so that she placed the materials on i the table and invited Alick to moisten his seriousness. She then conversed upon the sub jects dearest to her, while he listened. But she was attended- which was a new thing-by an extremely pretty girl, partly servant,. partly companion, who waited upon her, carved for her, poured oub the tea for her, read to her, and took care of her. And while the ancient lady discoursed , Alick's eyes rested pleasurably_ upon the comely head and pretty face of this* delectable , maiden. At ten o'clock the old lady rose. It j was time for her to retire. She wished her 1 nephew good- night and went upstairs, followed by her companion. Alick gave her an arm to tne foot of the stairs. When she reached the top the companion ran down again in search of something. Alas _ for the seriousness of young men ! The serious grand nephew met . that damsel at the bottom of the.stairs with ! outstretched arms and imprinted an unhallowed kiss, as he enfolded her form, upon her blushing brow. It was a momentary iniquity, yet . A withered screech-an elderly screech-inter- j rupted the sinner. The grand nephew looked up. It was his great-aunt looking over the banis ters. She had seen it. The most serious member of his family returned to the whisky with the conviction that his doom was sealed. He passed the night in" reproaches of the | bitterest kind. Why-why-why had he not i ravished that kiss out of the old lady's sight 1 In the morning he was received with frigid * silence. The other culprit was not visible, i After breakfast he took leave of his aunt. She gave him a little bundle which she hoped he would receive in a becoming frame of mind. He did. He opened th® packet in the train, and found that it consisted of tracts. "I threw them out of window," he told me, " and 1 the dear old lady only just lived long enough : to change her will." One or two letters have been sent to me enquiring into the double dummy ghost story; I can only reply that it is quite as true as any other story of the same kind, and in fact, I can say that it is a great deal truer than most stories of the kind. Tne society of Psychical Research has got hundreds of such stories all arranged, numbered, and classified. The odd ' thing about ghost stories is that you may invent as many as you please, but you can never invent one of which its exact parallel does not sometime or other crop up, either in books or in talk. Thus I once invented a very pleasing story-at least it pleased me-of a young lady ghost who used to appear in head and hands only. She had no clothes of the fashion, you see, and was ashamed of her old fashioned frock. Very well. The other day a real ghost of this kind came to me from India. There was an Englishman on a journey who found himself one night with the apparent pros pect of sleeping in the open. A native, however, told him of a deserted bungalow where he might find shelter, at least. He sought the place and found it deserted and empty, but with a roof still able to do its duty. There upon he made up a bed and prepared to pass the night, somehow or other, in the house. His servants got him some dinner and he lay down, his night light burning. In the middle of the night he heard a tinkling as of bells, and starting up he saw the strangest sight possible. A pair of feet, brown small feminine feet, the ankles laden with silver bangles, was dancing. Above the ankles nothing; no ghostly robes, no figure, nothing. Only two feet dancing. That, and nothing more. Why the feet remained to haunt this bungalow; what history belonged to the feet; who was the last man that lived here; of all these points my in former was ignorant. Given the end of the story, find out the beginning. The problem ia is open to the solution of any one. There is, or was, going on a great discussion | in two great London papers on the drink ques tion. Some doctors maintain that alcohol is a, poison. Others, that it.is most useful as an addi tion to food, if taken in moderation. Con sidering that all the world takes alcohol, except a small number of total abstainers in tins country and in America; considering further that abstinence has only been preached for fifty years or so; considering further, the num ber of old men who have always taken some kind of alcoholic drink; and considering that it has been found impossible to prove that temperance men enjoy better health, or do better work than moderate drinkers, I for one Bhall go on drinking moderately as long as I can. To take the pledge seems to me a confes sion of weakness, it proclaims that your will is so feeble that you cannot resist the temptation to get drunk. If that is unhappily tne case by all means take the pledge. But do not, if you please, call me all kinds of bad names be cause I establish the corkscrew on a proper footing, and open daily-even gaily-my bottle of good Bordeaux. 