CONCERT AT TOONGABBIE. On Wednesday evening the Toongabbie Cricket Club gave a concert and ball in the local Mechanics' Institute in aid of the funds of the club, and during the same evening the cup and trophies won by the members of the club were presented by Mr. Veitch, J P., who acted as chairman. The cup was handed to Mr. H. Semmens who represented his brother; Mr. W. Semmens, president of the club, who was unable to be present. Mr. D. Campbell was given a bat, presented by Messrs. Kleine Bros., for the best batting average. The bowling trophy, a bat, also presented by Messrs. Kleine Bros., was secured by Mr. H. Semmens, and a bat presented by Mr. W. Semmens for the fielding trophy was handed over to Mr. T. Gravell. Mr. H. Semmens suitably acknowledged the kindness of the donors of the trophies on behalf of his brother and himself, and Mr. Crowe in a witty speech said as an old cricketer he was sorry Glengarry did not win the cup, but he was pleased to see that it had been won by a club in an adjoining town. There was a fair attendance at the concert, and the comic items on the programme appeared to take best with the audience. Owing to the length of the programme the chairman asked that no encores would be insisted upon, but in the case of Mr. Gordon's song and dance, which was really good, this rule had to be broken through. The follow ing is the programme :-Pianoforte duet, "Silvery Cords," Misses Rice and Beard; song, "Eileen Alannah," Mr. H. Semmens; vocal duet, "Juanita," Misses L. and A. Wrigglesworth; comic song, "Susan Will be There," Mr. Paulett; song, "Dashing White Serjeant," Miss Cairns; song (comic), "I Went With Him," Mr. A. W. Crowe; song, "Kate O'Shane," Miss Humphrey; song, " Out on the Deep," Mr. A. Rice; nigger song and dance, " Dancing in the Sunshine," Mr. H. Gordon; song, "The Officer's Funeral," Miss L. Wrigglesworth; song (comic) "Up Comes Jones." Part II.-Over ture (flute and piano), Messrs. Guenther and Stevens; song, "The Lighthouse Light," Mr. Rice; song, "The Cricket on the Hearth," Miss L. Wrigglesworth; song (comic) " Caroline." Mr. H. Gordon; song, "Remember and Forget," Miss Humphrey; comic address, Mr. D. Crowe; song, "Jessie's Dream," Miss Cairns; song, "They All Love Jack," Mr. A. W. Crowe. The programme closed with a laughter farce entitled, " Grandmother's Ghost," which sent all away in a very good humor. A dance followed the concert, and was well attended. 