THE YOUNG FOLKS. Captive Animals. Tn the course of some interesting gossip on the treatment of nMmalu in captivity , a con temporary gives the following : Nature, when tee wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her capacities when she patented a mandrill, xhis baboon has a muzzle such as would he manu factured by an artistic upholsterer who has pleated together pretty folds of blue and light purplish pick stuffs. Although his head decoration ie so dfsiinguet his beauty is but skin deep, for he enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon — " Real mean," said tee keeper. The singularity of his head colours makes the- mandrill a popular show animal. He is an expensive brute, requiring great care. The difficulty in captivity is to get Mm over his second year, for the oTaer he is the more conspicuous is that painted face of his, which would make any self-respecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. " This mandrill, now in his third year," said the keeper, " is getting along very well. ' We watch his con dition carefully. We give him raw eggs every day, and he shall have some now." The man drill clutched a ccuple of eggs offered him, was careful to hide the one he did not hold, and commenced nibbliug the shell of one. Now he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Next he tilted back his head, and so took down the yolk. " He enjoys that very much. I give hid rum, a regular milk punch, every day, aud he put3 it down as if he liked it. " " But temperance people always point to the the moral that perverted man is the only crea ture who indulges in spirits." "Well, it may not be natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. It's medicine, of course. Now come find look at our giraffe. He is in splendid condi tion. The trouble about such a big beast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and he would get cold, and that would soon end him. As you see, tee weight comes on his cleft forefeet, and one of them has spread a good deal, and we will have to clip it. He eats crashed oats, the best clover hay, apples, carrots, ana has his quart of milk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lions and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly lively lion whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to one another. Oh, those spats don't amount to anything. You see the trouble about those tigers ? Isn't it a pity ?" I did look, and — distressing sight ! — tee tigers' tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. " That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after ex hibiting, we had to strike tents, and move off in double quick time. Somebody in the dark wheeled the van with these two sweet tigers near those dratted hyenas. The tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. J ust a couple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of these tigers diminished 85 per cent. You had better not stand too close. All these animals have a .mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more danger outside of tee cage than in it. There are few things sharper than a tiger's claws. See." Thereupon tee keeper drew out of his ; pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel, with fish-hook curves. " We have to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as claws go, and lessen the offensiveuess of the rest of them by clipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. If we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide all cut. It's not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger's claws, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a claw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, a half-dozen strong ropes, and as many men. The most trouble some rope is the one to he put around the neck. TKa Yxtoifo ttrnnli) /ill aVa liimeAU «£ " Wiwau UUUOCU U UUl A UI Ult$ precaution we fake to secure one foreleg with his shoulder in the noose. Other ropes are attached -to bis fore leg and bind ones, and he is stretched on his side, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the oper ation is over which at once loosens them. Then it is just as if you had coiled up a thousand horse-power steel spring, and let it go sudden. The van just vibrates. Lions suffer from lung troubles and rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, rum. Sometimes, when off their feed, live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken just as a cat does with a mouse —kind of enjoying it. hey often have milk. We use great care in butchering their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone white would teoke them." 