An Australian Lady -XN HE a TRAVELS. IEELAND. * Earth holds no lovelier land Where life is wortk the living. Behold us next on our way to Ireland. Of conrBe, we stopped for a fihort time at Wales on the way ; admired the magnificent scenery,, not unlike that of Katoomba in New South Wales. The peasants did not look very Welsh, except, perhaps, one old woman, who wore the national dress, hat ana au. She sold little Welsh dolls at the railway station, and drove a brisk trade for ? few minutes every day. The Shamrock, as «nr. appropriately najned steamer was called, took ns'Bcross from Holy head, and we landed late at night at Dublin. Quay. 'We ?aw but dimly for the mists and vapors,' the rain was pouring down and the snrroundingB ahiveiy, but. the carmen were all civil, quick, and good tem pered, no Custom-house bother, and it was not long before we tound ourselves safely at our destination. The next morning we went for ande round Phoenix Park in a JATTNTlkG CASS, . and ereat fun it was. On suddenly whisking round the first corner we heard a bump and » soream, and lo!. the boy was on the ground— wrathful bnt unhurt. ,' Imdn't hold on; of course I didn't. It's a public disgrace to be Been holding on. What ue you laughing at?' he demanded, fnriouily. Our drive to the park, past the celebrated Guin ness's brewery and by the Liffey, reminded us a good deal of Borne. X really thick Dublin is very much like Borne altogether, both in the shape of the streets sad the generai look of the buildings; the suburbs are not nnlike either.- : Theirs wag a very jolly polo match going on in the park, eo we pulled up and had a look at it. The soldiers had rather the best of it, though the club, their opponents, played well too. The horses were evidently used to the game, and were s plendidly trained, and remarkably handsome. Some one who was addressed By the enthusiastic crowd -as 'Eory'rod© beet, and sent the ball whizzing cast heads or feet whenever he got a hit at it. So excited did he become at-laat that he sent the ball through for the other side before he realised what he was about. No one seemed to mind though, and a shout of triumph rang but from friends and foes alike. phcenix pask, '-' ; our Pat, the driver of the car, informed us is the largest in the ' worrqld.' Sevan miles round it is beautifully situated, and from it we saw the Wicklow Mountains, and the counties of Kildare and Meath, and had a good view of 'Dublin City. Pat pointed out to us the exact^pot where the murders oi Mr. Burke and Lord Fredetio Cavendish took place, marked by. two crosses cn.fr in .the turf. Just opposite is the vice- regal lodge, where the Lord lieutenant was at the tim«. Pat said he was looking out of a window and saw the whole occurrence,, bnt just thought it was a bit of a wrestling match, and' sure, why should he interfere ?' On Sunday we ail went to S*r; PA*3BlCK?S ciTECBDBAIi, which everyone knows 1b built on the site of the original church of th&t; saint ; the etory being that when AlphinuB was king over Dublin, his only eon and daughter were drowned in the Liffey; their Pagan tombs were made ready, and they were to be buried when St. Patrick arrivtd in town. The king took -»im to see his dear children. The saint prayed, and the courtiers listened, and finally the children eat up, sneezed, and came to life. The king and citizens became Christians on the spot, and were baptised in St. Patrick'* well, close by. It was here the church was built; and on this site is the present cathe dral. The architecture is of the thirteenth century, except the spire, -which is more Grothio. The belfry tower, abont 120 feet high, supports it with a cross on the euminit nearly 221 feet from the ground. The stalls, throne, and. pulpit are' oak, hung with red tapestry. The colors or helmets of the knights of the order of St. Patrick look imposing iu the choir. That bad man, . OMVES CEOlTWELIi, used the cathedral as a stable for his hones, beBidea burning the Book of Common Pray#r belemglngto it. The monument to -Dean- Swift, though ugly, was not witliont interest, especially as he had actually written the inscription himself, setting forth his virtues, and tSunkisg that tha reader, could not do better than strive to be- likehim. ?,.-.. There was also a bsautiiul monument to the officers and men of the 18th Boyal Irish Bagiment, who fell in the Indian mutiny ; it is decorated with the tattered remains of the ' colora.' We saw, too, a cannon ball suspended from a wall— the Very ball which killed Lord Liabnrn, Adam Lof tos, inl691 at the siege-of Iameriok. The music in the cathedral wss very fine—two anthems being well rendered. . Oa Mondfcy we made an excureion to _. . Gl.ENDA3XriJ-3H, county Wicklow. 'The ?frh.ole,. valley gave one the idea of utter loneliness j and it was difficult to believe that the huge mountains looked down uponprosaio nineteenth century travellers nearly every diy in the year. The tuins of the old monaetery of S. Kevin stiil remain, and the lake further reminds one of the story of that very correct young man. We had to get into a boat and tow under the rock called Kevin's Bed — a very hard one it must have been, and rather a difficult climb to get into it. Herd he fled to ayoid the ' eyes of moBt unholy blue ' of one Kathleen, who however followed and discovered him, at which the good saint was so incensed, or so afraid of her or of himself, ih»ti WithTude repnleive shock He hurled her down the beetling rock. He then, we hear, repented him^ prayed for her soul, saw her ghost, and thought 210 more about it. We noticed tit this spot a great-many Initials of tourists —Six Walter Scott's/ Maria Edgeworth, Lord Com bermere, and others. ' S. Kevin's kitchen,' looking more like a -church, is still mfair preservation, with its tmancel, remains of an east window, andaiittla beu-y tower on the west end. Thra lime of year, thourfi the pleasantest as far as climate is concerned, is npiuihe gayest. H IN BTOBLIN the season will commence again in January, when the receptions begta«t the Castle. ' Such funny people you'do see there,' said an Irish cbudn to ub yesterday. 'Everyone can go, «nd eonie girls just imhook the drawing-room cortauiB to maicea train, and prance in quite, ^ontentedi. 4The lord- lieutenant, 'of course, kisses each d£bntant; wellxme who«yidenUydid not know it was the cuBtomy otoerve^ * Another time, me lord, another 'time.' One lady remarked, 'Look afthat'now,«^TnehUBhandiflindift.*'?-The Irish girls aze very pretty— not so tall, as a ^ rule, ss the English, but %eyJwBtt~I better* » the Irishmen Me smarter looki^s jutogether. They all seem, to ride well, ^op/m * for BOoitfc, j And have not the air of iAngbid lazinesB Jwiich distinguiBhles thq £bndos mmi7 ^V5»ggars1fcrtplentiful,iand so civil atad'^moBing Idia |-uraB #iat,at is dimcult to resist, &em;»^vshwheii-ou*a*tplaifiatthey%eep *speciai' suit of clotheslor the purpo^e;iandli«vi at atmlyready hired, and ajcr^!pled]nythibaltrelation.athome io in spire the sympawiy of oojjfiding fitscata^en. \- Mrs. Gilbert, the^firBtrold woman w of the DMy Comedy Compatfg, mow* ^Ifrfnning in Iioudon, is, '70° Fears -©f^agor v^CKi'l venerable ^tr^iBsMdto'baVe. been &uchinc;^iiBedwith ^n^|c)nbrin^Do*aon^cCT^r%*E^ WbM»ld 