.???[??'? [AM, BIGHTS BESEBVED.] ;fv THE COUNT'S MILLIONS, BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE. ; Mrs". Harry Trent, widow of the late diamond merchant, and formerly. Sallie Mätchin, arrived at the Count's residence latean the afternoon, in order to talk over the arrangements with him. She was dressed for the dinner, but wore a silken wrap over her arms and shoulders. She Was somewhat thinner than when we last saw-her, but not less handsome ; her finely moulded face ¡ was of the pure patrician type. - . Its. expression was impassive^ but it was easy to see that this was the resûlt of resolute training. There was passion underneath; you could see the latent sparkle of it in her black eyes, and now and then, in an unconscious move- ment of the lips. Her dress was of golden hued satin, set oft' with black lace, so as to give her a Spanish look. * Whether or not the role she had assumed . for this evening were in good taste, from the society point of view, she undoubtedly was as well fitted to undertake it on the score of beauty, dignity, and distinction as any woman in New York. A face of refined strength and feminine subtlety ; a highly-wrought, nervous temperament, constantly watched over and steadied by a strong will j all feminine grace and accomplishments, but exercised, perhaps, rather as a sort of con- temptuous concession to social usage than as the flowering of a natural impulse j a low contralto voice, anda habit of slightly narrowing her eyelids when making a direct glance-these were features that one noticed in first meeting Mrs. Harry Trent. Whether she had an inner charac- ter and nature few people knew her inti- mately enough to say. She was not a woman to blab secrets or to win confidence by giving them. She could rule others, but no one had as yet ruled her. ' ' Weloome to my home 1' said the Count, meeting her as she entered. * But you already know it better than you know me. I hope you will not disapprove of my alterations.' . ' What you have done is sure to be right,' she answered, 'but you are mistaken in thinking I know the house. This is my first visit to it.' 'Beally the very first?' said the Count, retaining her hand a moment in his, and looking into her »>yes. ' Well* I am glad. I had supposed you were here at the time your husband met his death ; but I was wrong ?' ' You were misinformed.' ' So much the better. You will have no painful associations to contend with. But, pardon me, am I discreet in speaking frankly of these things ?' He had led her into a small room off the hall, where a clear fire was burning softly in the grate, and where they were alone. * It is my impression,'he went on, ' that you aré not as other women ; ycu have a strength and elevation that despise the common frivoli- ties of your sex ; and though you are too proud to wish to appear eccentric,"yet in your heart you think your own thoughts and live your own life. You are a rebel and a heretic in the garb of orthodoxy. You are not offended ?! he added, smil- ing. ' You please me immensely,' she replied. 'I like to be told about myself ; and I daresay you are quite right about me. But I never studied my own character-- I have no talent in that way-and I really don't know whether I am just like other people orsñot. If seeing very few people can make tfiie peculiar, I ought 'to, be so.' ' ' .:*;;'... * My; own experience,' observed the Count, after a pause, ' has made me prefer the ^realities of life to any shows: When I asked you to come here and help ,me, I feared you would refuse. Most women - would have done so, because they are either fools who do. not think or cowards who dread; criticism. Your husband was murdered in this house three years ago to- night. Even to this day it is unknown who struck the blow.' - *No, Count, I must correct you there,' interposed she, slightly disturbed, for the Count's manner was strangely emphatic, and the topic upon which, he. had fallen was not, after all, an attractive one. * There was no doubt about who committed the ¡prime, There-was no mystery,'. * No I .And. waa -the true criminal- pun- ished?' / Yes j so far as the jury was concerned. But he,did. not live to serve out his -rr But,, really, my dear, sir,' she broke off laughing, * we must not spend our valuable time discussing these things. It will not help our guests to enjoy themselves.' .' I will say, however, what was in my mind,' rejoined he, regarding her; gravely. * I hope to haye the honor of knowing you better, madame ; but no friendship can be secure which' is liable to the opening of. skeleton closets. I wish to have your assurance that you have no secret horror of this place on account of what was done here? Yoii do not fear to see spectres ? Yo ii do not scent blood in the air ? In a word, madame, you are not superstitious you do 'not"believe that the influences of an evil deed are to be felt more in one place than another? That the ghost of your husuand, or of the man who was con- demned as his murderer, is more likely to confront you in this house, than anywhere else ?' . Why. .do-you say these things to me, Count de Lisle ?' she asked, leaning back in her chair, and regarding him between her narrowed eyelids. 4 Do you think it is quite considerate ? I am not of a hysteric temperament ; but, if I have any nerves, you are not taking the best merns to soothe them. And what has my late husband to do with our acquaintance or with this din- ner? I am not superstitious*; I don't be- lieve in ghosts. 1 accepted your invita- tion to come here because I wanted to come ; I wanted to greet the first ; guests who came to Harry Trent's house. At the time of his death he was plan- ning a reception here ; and if it had taken place I should have been the hostess. Our marriage, as you may have heard, was a secret one. I had felt for a long time the injustice of my position, and I looked forward very eagerly to that re- ception in my own house as a public recog- nition and acceptance. Instead of that I was forced to tell my own story in a court- room. * It was more of a disgrace than a vindi- cation. ' Now after year» have passed, and I have kept to myself .your request appeared to me in the light of a long-delayed oppor- tunity. Society here knows that this house has just passed from my hands to yours, and I am glad to be able to stand here beside you to-night and say, " It was mine to give and I gave it !" I do not mind their criti- cisms. I häve-the means and the power to take my place in New York society,'and to- night my new life begins. If I meet with some antagonists, so much the better ; it will make life more interesting. I don't wish to stagnate in success anymore than in failure. I have sometimes thought that I should value a deadly enemy more than the dearest friend. War is wholesome. Well.' she added, in a different voice, rising and standing before him with a smile, ' what do you think of me ?' '.. I wuH not mistaken in you,' said the Count, nodding his head musingly. '* I ask forgiveness for my discourtesy and brutality, but I do not regret it, since it has moved you to speak as y ou have done. There is something akin in us, madame ; we may perhaps find some means of ren- dering life more interesting for each other. But I am not going to bore you any farther at present. Come and see what I have done to make the house pretty.' The lower rooms of the house were so arranged that when the sliding doora were withdrawn they seemed to constitute a sin- gle large hall, interrupted by massive irre- gular pillars rising from the polished floor to the ceiling. As you moved from one point of view to another the scene took on new changes . of beauty, the tone of the decorations inclined to a warm depth of hue, against which stood out here and there delicate shafts and arcs of brighter color. Lamps in jewelled shades hung here and there, looking themselves like pendant jewels, but tîïe main illumina- tion of the rooms came through the frieze, which was -of semi-transparent -sheets of alabaster and other oriental marbles, cut as thin as panes of glass, ar$l lighted from within.so as to appear tíelfluminous. The ceilings of the rooms, had been covered with white and pink roses, arranged in geometrical figures. The house, though kept at a temperature of 70deg, was perfectly ventilated, and the freshness of the perfume of the flowers circulated through the air like an ethereal essence of fragrant life. The deep embrasures of the Windo w« , and the alco vea that b^yk© the uniformity: oí me wails were curtained: with eastern fabrics, soft as ; gossamer to the touch and exquisitely tinted. There, were many nooks and corners that would be regarded by ' handsome ; youths and ; lovely maidens as ideal retreats for lover making. . The ample scale of the apart- ment was partly disguised by their accu- rate proportions. They seemed not too large for the daily habitation of an ordi- nary household, and they would easily accommodnte three or four hundred guests. The host's fair colleague had nothing but admiration to express. But at length, when they have made the , circuit of the suite, she turned to him in perplexity and £*iid : « But what have you done with the dining-room-and the dinner ?' * They are in the back yard,' replied be .with a smile 4 Come and see !', A portière was drawn aside from a broad doorway, and through theopeningcame a . _ fresh blooming of brightness and color, and a vision of new space and beauty. Here, extended a'vaulted saloon, oval as an egg, and walls and ceiling all one solid surface of flowers. Such a sight had "never been beheld in New York or else- where. For a height of seven feet from the floor all was violets ; countless myriads of the tiny purple blossoms over- lapped one another, so that not the tip of a child's little finger could have been in- serted between them. Above the violets was a bunch of yellow jonquils and nar- cissuses, three feet in width, forming a frieze ; and above all, the domed roof was a vault of roses, the color perfectly gradu- ated from white below, through pink, to red at the top. Three great candelabra of Venetian glass, shaped in the form of many-branching flowers, depended from the ceiling; By some invisible contrivance, tine sprays of water played over the flowers and kept them fresh. The floor was of polished oak, constructed for dancing ; the whole magical edifice covering the area of the garden at the back of the house. It was here that the dinner was to take place. The table was designed in the form of a spiral pr helix, affording easy sitting room for all the guests, and yet keeping them all in sight and speaking distance of one another. The table service was Indian porcelain, with centre pieces of silver wrought by hand. At the upper end of the saloon a fountain splashed in a great basin of crystal, surrounded by delicate ferns ; and behind a silver trellis-work, covered with growing vines, were accom- modations for musicians. The Count ex- plained to his companion that the table was so contrived that it could be removed in a few minutes, and the floor left free for dancing. * I have some other little features,' he added, 4 which will appear when the time comes; I will not tire you by forcing you to review them now. You have seen enough.' , The beautiful Sallie sighed. She was an ambitious woman, and she loved splendor and power. She understood that Count de Lisle had suggested more thau he had per- formed in his preparations for this unpa- ralleled entertainment. Everything was made to appear as simple as possible ; only an educated intelligence could divide the enormous resources necessary to create this result. She had dreamed of such resources, and was conscious of the ability to ad- minister them, had she had them. By her side stood the man who could, if he would, endow her with them. He and she to- gether could command as brilliant a destiny as had ever fallen to the lot of mortals. She drew a long. breath, and arched her brows. , Had she not, within herself, the means to attract him? Was not the fact that she was here to-night ah indication of his preference ? She put her hand, within the arm he offered her, and leaned^ upon it, and looked up in-...his face. ... ?.?'¿ú,k * You are not disappointed?' he said. ' I have never been content till now," she annwered. * You are quite content, then ?' 4 Yes--almost!' Ile met ber glances as if he understood, and accepted a veiled meaning inlier words. They moved out of-the saloon and returned to the reception-room. 41 will take you upstairs,' he said, * to the room which I have placed at your exclu- sive disposal for this evening. There you can rest while I attend to what remains to be done. There is still an hour or two before the guests will arrive. When it is time I will summon you/ They mounted to the second floor accord- ingly, she still leaning on his arm. He left her on the threshold of the room, and the door closed behind her AB she entered« Tnere was «~ nre^ of Mogsûn the ttre-plaee, and in the chandelier a score ' of names burned steadily. The room was. like the chamber of a fairy princess. Every appli- ance that could render a woman's exist- ence luxurious and exquisite was there j every sense was flattered, every soft im- pulse stimulated. She moved about, rest- ing her eyes on one delight after another. The bed, the toilet-table, the wash-stand, the low chairs and divans, the soft rugs underfoot, the walls hung with lovely tapestry, the numberless minor beauties of decorations that only women of a certain fineness of taste and temperament know how to appreciate-all seemed designed for her! Was it so, indeed ? She seated herself at length and fell into a long reverie. Opposite to where she sat was a tall and wide mirror, in which she saw herself reflected at full length. It was set in the wall ; the heavy bevel of the glass and its frame of ebony with ivoiy filagree pattern inlaid, showed that it was a rare antique- such a mirror as the magi- cians of old time were fabled to employ in che necromantic mysteries. One might expect to behold in . it secret scenes from the future or the past-reflections from a heart that kept its own counsels. A dreamy mood came over the woman. Her mind wandered vaguely from one region of thought to another. She sat with eyes half-closed ; all around her was still. Glimpses of her earliest life passed before her ; and then pictures nearer to the present, and not so fair. She strove to banish them, and to fix' her mind on the anticipation that had lately suggested itself to her. To be the mistress of this house-the wife of this man-the dis- penser of his fortune. But, by a perverse infelicity, her memory reverted to their talk in the reception-room. She saw the court-room, the judge and jury, herself in the witness-box, and then, in the prisoner's dock, the pallid countenance, framed in black hair, of the youth who was oh trial for his life. He was condemned ; he was dead ; his look seemed to reproach her for his death. Either her eyes were dim, or the room had grown strangely dusky. What light there was appeared to concentrate on the mirror. In its depths a figure darkly ap- peared, growing more distinct as she gazed upon it. What was it? Not her own reflection, though she had not moved from her position. No. This figure stood erect ¡ it was clothed in black garments'; it ad- vanced from a shadowy background. H was the figure of a man ; surely she had seen it before ! Her nerves thrilled cole and her joints stiffened as she looked, Was her vision assuming concrete form before her eyes ? The face was still ob- scure ; but in that slowly increasing and lifting light it dawned into appalling visibility. And now it was revealed ! Ii was he-it was Keppel Darke ! A blacl veil seemed to swathe the lower part oJ his countenance ; his features were com torted in a ghastly stare, directed upon her He raised his hands and appeared k struggle with the semblance of a rop( about his neck. Then he pointed to th< floor at her feet, and with a sudden flasl of conviction she knew that this room, sc cunningly disguised, was the room in whicl Harry Trent had fallen, stabbed to th< heart ! With a shriek she sprang, tp he; feet, and staggered forward. . j . (TO BE CONTINUED.) j 