TETE A TETE. .Thus may wo soo liow tlio World wags— As You Like it. In our last. week's " Tote a Toto " I wns jubilant to think there was a probability of sccinu Kockhiunnton li edited with electric arc lamps in placo of tho " gnssey " twinklers to which wo havo been subjected so long. Not that I wish to cast a snoor on gaa, or our Gas .Conipanios ! Ear from it ! Gas has boon a good friend, iu rescuing us from the cjioch of kerosino and tajlow "dips," and if now wo aro about to advance to tho epoch of- tho "oloetric" light," why .phould wo on that account spurn our old friends and ntixiliarios? That would - bo bad form ! But on tho other hand thoro is no reason why a man, should not hotter his material surroundings if ho can, and thnt this is an instance in jioint overy ono will admit. Tlio electric light is to gas what tho Inttor is to a farthing "clip" — or if such low-priced light-slioddors aro not vended in those colonics, tliccomjiarison can bo sustained by a " fallow-stalk." Tho prospect of exchanging tho condition of things known as " darkness .visible," for that of an illuminating jiower, " as bright woll-nigh as day's clear messcuger," caused tho Rockluunpton people and my own lmmblo solf amongst them, to prick up thoir cars in anticijiation, when tho proposals of tho Jlock- h am) ton Gas Company to tho ltockr hampton Municipal Council wero made known. As far as such lmmblo beings as I could understand, tho proposals wore not only of an exceedingly gonerous character to tho pooplo at largo, hut wore cminontly satisfactory from a business point of view, to oitbor side. And so several of tho aldermen thought, that is to say tho pronouncedly liboral section of thoin, but tlio conserva tive section to whom "use and, "Siiit" and tlio prosoivation of tlio inunnoraAh"-'' s/a/itx if no, has bceonio almost a klhoci ntf. " fetish " to bo worshipped in scasorHind"" out of season, seemed to tako a difforonfc view, or did not think thoy wore getting enough for thoir money, tho consequence being the proposals of tho Gas Com- )any wero docliucd, Thon tho municipality in turn formulated n schomo and jirosentcd it to tho Gas Compiny for its 'consideration. But I fear from all I hear that nothing will bo dono iu the mattor, at least meantimo, until both jiartics pull down thoir rospoctivo flags a bit. O the pity of it! It is .virtually a great loss to tho community that this prcjoot wns not carried into effect. Tho question of expense need not stand in tho way. No ono wishos to soo tho whole of Rookhampton illuminated at tlio outset with the electric light, but I cortainly think tho busiucss portions of the town should be so, while tho other pnrts could still adhere to the original schomo of gas, until bottor times. This I consider would moot tho objections and tho de sires of all parlies at ono and the samo timo. Ono thing is cortain, wo aro an eminently progressive people, and to keep pace with the times wo must intro duco tho electric light into our busiest pavts-of the town, nnd above all, around and upon all our wharves, so that work may he prosecuted thoro ns conveniently by night as by day 1 . " # Tlio two specimens of the gonus "Railway. Commissioner " which wo beliovo have been "knocking around" in tlio Central District during tho Inst few days, aro to bo on viow, we learn, in Rockhampton, from to-day until Tuesday. Tho i/mins is an exceedingly rare ono in tho Central District, in fact may, without tho slightest oxaggoration, bo termed a rant avis in fnrra, if tho ,, .form bo taken to moan this part of Quconsland. In September 1SS9, a few months after their arrival in tho colony, thoy shed the light of their countonancos upon us for tho lengthy )oriod of 3£ days, of which ilti hours wero spent out of Rookhampton. Of tho romaining 3G hours, some wero spent in viewing tho rou to for tho proposod junction lino ' botweon North and Smith Rockhampton — a schomo of which Mr. Mnthieson said, in rcjily to Mr. G. S. Curtis, on Wcdnosday, Sopteinbor llth, whon tho deputation from Iho Charnbor of Commorco interviewed him. " I nin surprised it has not been dono boforo," — nnd in rccoiving visits from deputations and others. At that timo — as Mr. Sidney ' "Williams pointed out .'in his speech at tlio big indignation mooting in (ho Theatre Royal last week— tho Commissioners said this district wns so important that thoy must roally return ' at an early dale, and mako alongthoned stay hero, so as to get in touch with the interests oF the place, Thnt is two years and two months ago, nnd if thoir prosont visit is indicative of thoir idon of "soon," good Lord doliyor uf, from thoir ideas of "delay." PrOhjttho crack of doom, or tho advcntSj tho Greek Kalends would about strike thot. O, how grnlofnl wo should he for theso exceedingly hard-worked goutlomcn, Messrs. Mnthieson and Gray, taking tho trouble actually to como out of thoir Contralising .Shells, to pay us tlio visit promised two years ago ! Stlf5"X£v tho Contral District will novor forgot siicli " condescension," niul will at onco start the: " Io Pacini" ovor tho gonorous And self-donyiiig South. Tlio Hallway Commissioners 011 this visit hnvo ox- rtmined the Emu Park lino; and pai'li- . cuiai'ly Emu PaTlc itsnlf.j thou . tliey : - journeyed to the Western regions, and ' v salubrifttod amidst the pleasant soonos ; ' of Longrencli and tho Thompson Ttivor, ; .finally ; returning to liooichiimpton» :.d<iddet/. us hope with immensely ®ned ideas of.tho'absolnto nccos- 1 pwshing our railway extension Knnr as possiblo to tho South Aus- ti.ian border, unless they wish to see our - cousins from that colony quietly ' annexing all our frontior trade. \- # . It is matter for satisfaction that tho Water Supply GommHtoe in the llock- , liatuptou Muuieipal Council, have, in a measure, got oyer tlioir troubles in cou- noction with tho pumping goar at tho Waterworks. It will bo remembered, ' that last weolr, I com men tod on the ex ceedingly awkward predicament whoroin wo wero loft during these hot months, by tho porsistcnt turning off of the wator at tho main. Tho coinmittoo ex plained tho mattor by stating that the pumping gear was unable to keep paco " with tho enormous demand for water in the town. Tho engines, as Mr. Parkor had repeatedly indicated, wore nearly as old as that estimable prototvpo for all oldorly porsons — Methuselah. Tot it 'soomed hard in a town the sizoof Eock- hampton, that a fellow was warned against watering his gard'011 or taking a bath, on ono of these sweltering after noons. Evou. so! Tot the horror dooponed whon the intelligence was cir- culatod throughout tho town on Saturday, tliat one of tho pumps had brokeu its main shaft, owing to tho strain : put upon it to supply tho wants of perspiring Bock- hamplon, and that possibly no wator would be procurable for a "week. Tho one gleam, of a silvor lining in the dark ness of our cloud, was that tho roservoir hnd been nearly filled before the disaster happened, and that with economy this mightlast over tlio fateful period. Mean time, Messrs. Sidnoy Williams, Littlor and Bruce, and all our loading practical engineers, were impressed into tho service of assisting Mr. Parker to repair tho damnge. O11I3' by 11 a.m. ou Thursday was tho repair effected, so that during these four days and a-half, Eockhampton literally groaned under tho "curse of tho bnthless," when the thermometer was registering 95 dogrees in tho shado. Now, I contond this whole business is another strong argu ment for the immedinto decision of the " pumps question " by tho Municipal Council. People are not going to pay high rates, and to bo left parboiling without a bath' or anything else, just at . the time whon it is most wanted. The iP'fer//090Ut PulnP'11o gear at the Water- c5"vKrerks is notoriously insufficient to drivo 1 ' Jvtho necessary volume of water in the fiiT" requisite time up to tho reservoir. It is tho duty of the council to see that this is remodiod as soon as possiblo, without nwaiting tho advent of tho Hydraulic Eugineor, or anyone else, so "long as thoy havo as good a man as Mr. Parker thoro. » # # Tho North Bockhampton Council was exercised over their Commonago question nt their last meeting. No wonder ! Tho " Almighty Dollar " was in danger, nnd the aldcrmou rolled up to a man to considor the situation. It appears that hitherto thoy havo been in the habit of " scooping in " a nieo little income over granting the use of the public common of North Bockhamp ton for certain Proprietary Rnco Meet ings. Tho promoters of thoso races paid the council " a consideration," and then charged J-Ior Majosty's lieges for the right of eutoring their own property. Of course, some persons possessed of that unpleasant characteristic, " stand ing up for one's own rights," questioned tho authority of the council for so doing, nnd roforrod tho mattor to tho Govern ment. Tho result is, tho Under-Secre tary for the Treasury Writes to say, that tho council cannot chargo the racing promoters anything for the ground, nor can tlio latter in turn demand any entrnnco money from thoso who may wish to see the races. This is a "facer." Tho council sorrows over vanished in come, the racing peoplo over the chance of dollars gone for ovor. Verily, there is tho sound of a great lamentation, ns, probably . this means tho stoppago of I Proprietary Race Meetings in North I Bockhampton, j # # % ! Tho ono and only Nobbs, and tho ono nnd ouly Macnree, wore at it " hammer and tongs" at tho last mooting of the North Bockhampton Council. It was " M. or N." in very sooth. And what was it all about ? A triflo of eourso, but that makes 110 difforenco. Tho Undcr- Coloninl Treasurer had wrillon up to nsk whether tho council had any objec tion to tho several loans standing a t 'the debit of tho council bomg consolidated into one, with a vioiv to saving clerical labor. As this meant six of ono and . lialf-n-dozen of tho othor, 110 objection could bo takon to it, but yet Ahicrmnn Mncnrco accused tlio Maj'or of attempt ing to do things in an underhand manner, simply beenuso I10 proposed to dofor the matter until next meeting. As our worthy friend Macnreo had been " earning his bread by tho swent of his brow," ns ho remarked tho othor night in tho Theatre Royal, ho at onco trotted out tho familiar old ghost of how he used to do things in his dny, to which Mayor Nobbs quietly retorted that ho did not care ono pin-hend how things wore dono in Mncaroo's days — which, porhaps, were not tho most golden days of fcjjcouneil, as far as the dischargo of buljupto' was concerned, though as rc- garmp-wi'it, humor, nnd genoral jollity, thoy undoubtedly wero bo. Singularly enough both were right and both, wore wrong, the former (Mayor Nol'bs) in ndjourning a piece of businoss that ought to have been polished off in- similar, tho lattor in imagining that because a thing has boon dono onco upon a timo in a certain way, that 1 \ honcoforth and for ovor tho same fashion should bo followed. .# A mooting of tho Girls' Grammar School Trustees was hold in tho Council Chambers on Thursday; Tho principal mattor under discussion was ..tlio cable gram reeoived from Sir .Tamos Garrick, stating- that. Miss "Wheeler, who had been appointed, hoad mistress of the institution, had, at the last moment, de clined to Accopt tho appointment ; but that Miss Iioleh E. Downs, who was second ou tho list of tho most eligible candidates, had intimated her willing- noss to como.. . This .was ra'lier a singu lar proooeding on Miss Wheeler's part. If sho biS a young lady of such exceed ingly vacillating temperament, notwith standing hor great abilities probably wo are hotter without her. The trus tee's at onco appointed Miss Downs to tho position, and cabled to Sir Jninos Garrick to send hor on as. soon as possiblo. Possibly, aB regards Miss Wboeler some of tho homo admirers of tho " City of the throe S's" have boon poisoning lior mind about " tho torriblo climato, you know !"- : . # # - :# . Separation matters, since last I wroto, have beeu in itch in t lio samo stato, savo that opinion, is slowly but surely, deepening in the intensify .of conviction that nothing now must be allowed, to coino in the way of a direct appeal on tho part of '.tho Central District, to tho Imperial Parliament. .Wo cannot afford to dilly-dally any longer. , It is gratify ing to learn, moreover, that how tlio whole of the Press of Central Queens land aro unanimous in tlioir expression of opinion that in Territorial Separation alone will we find our feot. During the week' that iudofatignblo Apostlo of Separation, Mr. W. Cooto, has published in tlio Argus, 11 capital analysis of a bill to onablo Her Majesty to cxerciso her " right of Separation." I can only say of it that it is a masterly effort. Before we moot.again, tho Quarterly Goneral Mooting of tho Committee of the C.Q. Tonritorial Separation Leaguo will have takon place, viz., on Wednesday oven- ing next, and I hope to soo ovory 1110111- ber present as the business to bo trans acted is of an important nature. # # O11 Friday evening last tho fourth session of tho Tenth Parliament of tho Colony of Queensland was brought to a termination, though tho actual proroga tion has not yet taken placo. Tlio session was both a long and a trying 0110, and members doubtless are glad to return once more to the rest and peace of their 'homes. But though long and trying, it has also beon productive of some really valuable and beneficial pieces of legislation, sucli as tho Water Authorities Act, Water Supply (Wells and Tanks) Act, Irrigation Act, Crown Lands Act Amendment Act, Post and Telegraphs Act, District Courts Act, Bills of Sale Act', Rabbit Boards Act, Partnerships Act, Coinpnnios Act, Sale and Uso of Poisons Act and others spaeo precludes 1110 from mentioning, I look upon last session as having been 0110 of "real hard graft" and that the fruits of it are visible in an excellent body of Legislation. m # # What is this I hear ? Is it a fact that wator is so scarce at tho Boys' Grammar School that each scholar is ordered to bring a bottle of water with hi in from homo Such I am lod to understand is the case, and if so, surely something could bo done to remedy a state of things which is a disgrace to the insti tution, and a hardship to tho boys. Wo are living in China or Ijidia whore water is sold at so much per glass, even although ono of the pumps at the Croscout Lagoon has broken doivu. " Your Honor," said a prosecuting attorney in an Alabama backwoods court, " tlio prisoner at tho bap is charged with killing one of tho inost exemplary citizens of this county. Andrew D. Boyson, your Houor, was in ovory respect a model man. Ho was a liolovcd member of tho church, and was nover known to bo guilty of an unchris tian act. Why, your honor, I10 was never known to bet 011 horses, play poker, drink whisky, or uso tobacco. Ho — " " Hold on a minuto," tho judge broke in ; " you say he didn't bet'011 horses ?" "That's what, 1 say, your Honor." " A nd fio didn't play poker?" " Nover was known to play a game." " Ancl he never drank liquor?" " Never drank a drop, your Honor." " And lie didn't chew tobacco ?" " Never took a chow in his life." " Well, then," said tho .Tudgo, lcnning back with a sigh, " I don't soo what I10 wanted to live. for. There wa'11'fc anything in liFo for him, and I dou't soo why ho aint about as well off doad as nlivo. Release the prisoner, Mr. Sheriff, and call tho next easo." ZING ARO. 