PARS PITHILY POT. Look . r , Out for _ * , Our issue . v ? V ? ? On Saturday 1 1 , - . St Hilda's balL ' * : :: Elections stirring, : ^ A busy 'bustling week. Friday nomination day. The Treasurer's Budget. Charity and gaiety week. Ten-pound deposits wanted. More portraits for Saturday. Look out for Saturday's issue. Prahran A.N.A. meeting to-night. Cauifield council meeting to-night. Lieatenant KmbUng on Garibaldi. Floods Belief Fund now totals £18,000 ? Quite a boom in foundling babies this week. ~ St. Kilda Chess Club hold a social to night. Prahran mayoral return ball to- morrow I week ' What has come over tbe Prahran court lately. He who goes barefoot should not plant thorns. Prahran market ' buildihga practically complete. 'H.J.KV letter on the file for con sideration, Looks like a general all-round walk-over at St. Kilda. ' The Bandog Girl * a success at the Theatre Boyal. ' A Five-Hundred Dollar Ghost 1'— see pages 4 and 6. Quantity of reading matter on pages four and five to-day. St. Eli da Esplanade tramway to be ready for traffic next month. Theatre Boyal entirely renovated — hardly recognise the old house. ] Sir Charles and Lady HalM this after- , noon at the Blind Asylum. The weather and the Prahran council both dull on Monday afternoon. 1 Prahran councillors now snub Cr. Wateon when he gets up to speak. Dr. Fetherston unable to crack a joke at the policc court for lack of subjects. Tbe number 13 is not so unlucky if you put a mark like this before it— £. Cr. Wm Fuller back in his scat aeain in the Prahmn council. How time flics ! Grand Masonic Choral Service at St. Kilda next Saturday— Mayor Sfoore; W.M., to the frost. Assistant town clerk Scott trotted out in public at the Prahran council meeting for the first time on Monday. A little girl four years of age lias been missing/rom her home at 431 High-street, East Prabran, since Friday last. A few trumpery cases and a 'drunk' comprised the whole of the business at the St. Kilda police court yesterday. Twcuty-fourth annual meeting of the Victorian Blind Asylum ou Fiiday next at 3 p.m., at the Melbourne Town-hall. Three vagrants, two insulting behaviour eases, and a few debt cases comprised the list at the Prahran court on Monday. SiT Charles and Lady Halle give a short concert to- day at 3 p.m., at the Blind Asylum for the benefit of the inmates. The Chinese of Bendigo sen-l £60 to the Floods Relief Fund— an example that the | white folks of up.country towns might fol low. ' Seatholder1' addresses a letter to tbe Bcv. A. H. Blacket to-day, per these columns, *u regard to St. Matthew's diseen tion. In the old days, Prabran had no ' jelly fish ' councillors, says Cr. Muutz. Would ' be kindiv name those who arc in the I council now ? | All guests invited to the Mayor of St. ; Kilda's ball must present their entree cards. This is a rule which will be strictly insisted upon. The Dampiers are ou a provincial tour, doiag Beadigo, Ballar at, Geelong, and thcncc to Adelaide. The will be welcomed back to Melbourne. Cr. Mautzsayg that the Prahran council ought not to refuse to meet anybody from the king of the nether regions upwards* He was not afraid to. Prahran conncil docs not believe in the scheme for advertising on telegraph poles. They know its better to advertise in the Telegraph newspaper. Mis. T. Ferguson, the popular lecturcss, repeated her lecture, ' Is Marriage a Failure/' at the Temperance fiali, Mel bourne, on Monday evening. Only one tender was received by the j Prahran council for the lease of the six | sew shops at the market How's that for the £2,000 that they have to earn. Thieves entered into the house of Mr. George Gibbs, Acland-strcet, St. Kilda, lost Thursday, and walked away with about £20 of money and jewellery. The beautiful cantata, ' Esther,' was given at the Armadale Wesleyan Church on Monday evening very successfully. A full report iB unavoidably held over. John M'Jntyre, of Lome-street, Hawks* burn, has filed his schedule. Liabilities, £1,276 18s. Id ; assets, £320 ; deficiency, £958 18s. Id. Mr. B. E. Jacombe, assignee. , The town hall at Prahran will be | brilliant to-morrow night, when the Prah- j ran Tradesmen will assemble in all the glory of swallow-tailed coats for their an nual social. Fifty or sixty thousand pounds will, according to Cr. Muntz, be sufficient to lower the Yarra sufficiently to prevent future floods. He prefers that now to the embankment scheme. More applications for reduction of the rent of the Prahran Town-hall for charit able entertainments, Councillors getting worried over them. They won't budgo a halfpenny from their scale. It is proposed to change the name of the Victorian Asylum aud School for the Blind to 'Tbe Boyal Victorian Institute for the Blind.' The idea will be disenssed at the annual meeting next Friday. It is a good sign to see clergymen of dif ferent denominations fraternising. lost Bunday, the Bev. J. Goidon Mackic, of St. Geoxge's Presbyterian Church, East St. Kilda, and the Bev. Osric Copland, of the Prahran Independent Church, exchanged pulpits. Tbe very act is a sermon in St' scU. The artistic window decoration at Messrs* Bead and Co's, has been mnch admired, the volcanic eruption representing a terri- 1 fic slaughter in prices being particularly j suggestive of what is going on inside. To-night the long looked for event— the Mayoral ball at St. Kilda, will take place. Falfy 1,500 gaests may be expected if the ' weather is clear. Mayor and Mayoress Moore, will, doubtless, be rewarded with a brilliant success. There is a standing complaint, writes a ccrresnondcnt bv managers of all classes of entjitsiomen+s §,lven ii the Malvern Shire-bail, viz., the wordy aad unruly conduct of youths who congregate at the end of the concert hall. Good old Dr. Singleton, one of Mel bourne's most unostentatious philan thropists, is on the point of death— may the pleasing rcmembrauccof the many benefits and friendly offices he has done to others solace him in his last bouTB. Of course we are nil poor worms of dust, but some have a heap more of the dost than othen. ' ' * , Digging in the garden is good and health ful exercise, and should not .be done by proxy When you begin to argue with a man and he talks loud, walk, off and leave him. You^an'tcoaverthim. According to -an eminent doctor, whist ling is frequently productive of wrinkles— now wi know how it is that debt collectors have become so wrinkled of late. ' At present the difference between the day and night temperatures is very trying to sweethearts and others who must stand about of an evening. The direct rays of the sun should never strike a mirror. The action of the rays on the quick- Bilver will ruin any mirror in a comparatively short time. The hottest spot on earth is Death Valley, California, where tbe thermometer marke 180 deg. in the shade, Couldn't ? and j ——be -sent there— preparatory ? {Fill up j tu M.nt. t nWf -r/nnr rvlMhW* The Sunday-school anniversary services in connection with the Prahran Indepen dent Church took plooe on Sunday, when Bermons were preached by the Bevs. J. Bichards and J. G. Mackie. The anniver sary tea was held last evening. Mr. C. B. Counsel is vigorously working up the A.K.A. benefit concert to take place next Monday evening at the Prahran Town hail in aid of the destitute children of the unfortunate man, Jones, who waB killed on the Beaumaris tram line recently. Port Heiijoarae council in a deplorable condition, so Cr. Turner, who went from Prahran to spy out the nakedness of the land, says. They have an oreroratt wwen they can't liquidate unless they impose a tax which their poor residents could'nt pay. We are happy to inform the ratepayers of Prabran that the city council have entered on a course of economy. They light the gas for councillors, but cut off the supply to the reporters. This is unfair. As a rule councillors have already more gas than pressmen. A man employed painting tbe Melbourne corporation lamp -posts came over to Prah ran and by mistake painted some local posts red. He now seeks to be paid for it. i council think he was excessively green to ' make such a mistake. A class for practical dress cutting and making will commence to-morrow evening at the Working Men's Institute, High street The committee have secured tbe services of Miss Tcgctimier, who will take charge. Intending pupils are requested to attend, or foi ward their names to the hon secretary. 