WATCHING THE GHOST DANCE. A correspondent of the " Philadelphia Press" describes how, a week or two ago, he witnessed a ghost dance among the Sioux, near Wounded Knee Creek. It was daybreak when the correspondent and two or three companions, among them a half- breed, named Half Eyes, reached a point overlooking the camp of the fanatics. As near as Half Eyes could estimate 182 bucks and squaws were in the dance. A big tree stood in the middle of the circle formed by Indians. Squatted on the ground within a radius of 60 yards were 400 other Indians, who were chanting with the dancers. Many of the reds were in war-paint. Some of them were naked to the hips, and across their big muscular breasts were streaks of red and yellow paint. Beads tinkled from their porcupine-fringed legs and eagle feathers hung from the crowns of their black glossy heads. Some of the dancers were robed in while [white] cotton cloth, which was pin- ned at the breast and drawn over the head in the form of a hood. Five medicine-men sat on the ground outside the circle. They were old men with wrinkled, skinny faces, and as the chant rose and fell according to the vigor of the drumming, they waved medicine-sticks above their heads. These sticks were painted green, with handles fashioned after the shapes of snakes. The dancers held one another's hands and moved slowly around the tree. Most of the time it looked as though their ragged moccasins did not leave the ground, and the idea of dancing the spectators could gain from the motion of the fanatics was the weary bending of the knees. Round and round the dancers went, with their eyes closed and their heads bent toward the ground. The chant was inncessant and monotonous. "I see my father ; I see my mother ; I see my sister," was Half Eyes translation of the chant as the squaws and warriors moved laboriously about the tree. The spectacle was as ghostly as it could be. It showed the Sioux to be insanely religious. Half Eyes said that the dance which the spectators were then witnessing had been going on all night. Stretched upon the ground close to the tree were two warriors and one squaw. They were in a fit which was of a cataleptic nature. Their faces were turned to the sky and their hands clutched the yellow grass. The dancers paid no attention to them. Their eyes were closed. Of a sudden one of the warriors on the ground leaped to his feet and exclaimed, " I have seen the great father; but he will not talk to me because I stink." Then the other warrior got up and cried, " I have seen the great father ; but he will not talk to me. I have no ponies." The squaw was the last to get up on her feet. She was a young women with bells on her blanket, and a red ochre streak marked the line where her raven black hair was parted. In a shrill voice she cried out : " I have seen the great father ; he sent an eagle which picked me up and carried me to a far away mountain. The great father told me that the whites would be driven from the country ; that the Indians would rule the land and the buffalo and deer would return." The Indians now danced with greater vigor, and their cries were louder and more vehement, but they never opened their eyes. Round and round they danced, some of them so fatigued from their exertions that they pitched forward on their faces on the grass. The strain was so great on the others that their faces were distorted with pain, but there was no stop for food, drink, or rest. The ghost dance is simply a dance of cruel endurance, which is far more barbarious than the sun dance, in which the breast of the warriors are torn open. One by one squaw and warrior fell unconscious upon the ground and as they did so they beat their heads against the tree and on the sand and stones until blood spurted from their wounds. One big Indian, whom Half Eyes recognised as Big Road, rolled and tumbled on the ground until his splendid face was a mass of cuts and swellings. As one of the dancers fell the circle was re-formed and the dance resumed. Nearly all the dancers were covered with wounds from previous exer- tions. One of the bucks, who wore a white hood and cloak, was smeared with blood, and he danced in his bare feet. The sun had been up two hours when the dance closed from the sheer exhaustion of the Indians. They fell in all kinds of positions, and many of them in cataleptic fits. The fires burned dimly, and the medicine-men nodded over their wands.. The dance was over for an hour at least. "The lJUvrtEGN\u¡u: Rock ov I Tor. y Scripture."—In the November '■ Good Words" Mr. Gladstone closes liis sérica of papers on " The Impregnable Iiock of Holy Scripture." The gist of this last paper is condensed in this pithy sentence: "It is doubt, and not belief, of the things received which ought in aU cases to be put upon its; defence, and to show its credentials." ITcncc ho carries ihe battle right into the enemy's camp, ar.d routs them amongst their own ieiit-pegs. He most truly observes that,, although " Materialism as a formal system is not materially on the increase," and that " the sovereign tradition which has tilled the air in tho Christian traditiwi," nevertheless there is in material prajjfess "an increased power of things smiv: -which tends lo diminish our hold upon things unseen. In this resides principal strength of tho negativo,movement. Mr. Gladstone enter tains optimist opinions about the effect upon Yeligious thought, of tho advance of scientific research, but wains scientists not to be. as they continually are, unscientific in their methods of discussing the supernatural He feavs, too, that' as wo grow older tlu> pro cess of mentí») atrophy may also include the organ of belief. The retort direct upon pro fessor Huxley is most han.lsome. Huxley assumes that the Israelites were, like alii other men, curious to know their origin. As; a matter of fact, " ths> cosmológica! curiosity of tho ancients" was very small. Tie also tosses back Huxley's insinuation about Ihe immorality of destroying other people's, ajtine, as at Gadara.—Mr. Gladstone l-ightly responds that '' a law- would bo vindicated if casks of smuggled spirits were caught and. broken opon after landing. Tlv?se G adarenes wore breaking tho law by keeping pigs. Ho further exposes the absence of engineering knowledge in Huxley's scoii at the Deluge, and proves, on the scientific knowledge oí stilled engineer,that the action of the volume of water on the Mosopotamian plain -would not At all bo what Iluxley arrogantly insists that it would have been. It is hrisk piec& of cross-swordship, by which Site Professor is demolished.;—" Rock." 