toh[e:3ffici6a ©ivorce Scandal. Adelatdje, Tliiar8clay.-1-The Ajjveetisee's Iion dbn cprrespbn3ent writes under date November ?6 ; A great deal of sensational nonsense nas.no idbubt been cabled to Australia during this last fcteek concerning the Armstrong divorce suit. 5Phe -plain truth is' said to be aB followas When Mr. Armstrong came from Australia. Madame Melba made a desperate attempt to live with him. ' His tasteiand habits were entirely ftntipathie to hers. Still she tried to live with him,, as she explained to the Bench, and for a JBhofttime life ran fairly smoothly with the re united couple. When, however, the novelty of being '?? a 'great prima -donna's 'husband . wore off, Mr. Armstrong constantly, she alleges, iiltreated her. Poor Madame Melba endured it as long as she could, hating, the -fuss and scandal that would arise out of the proceed ings. Seven or eight weeks ago, however, things came to a crisis, and Mrs. Armstrong instructed her solicitors to file a petition for judicial separa tion on the ground of cruelty. Mr. Armstrong has retaliated with a petition for divorce, taking the Duke of Orleans as co-respondent. Thisia really (Madame Melba's friends say) a piece of the merest brag. They know the truth about the duke. In pure selfish thoughtlessness he compromised her abominably in public. There, however, the matter ended. Armstrong knows that he has not the ghost of a chance of proving adultery. Madame Melba is a passion less .woman wrapt up in her- art. All her life, all her energy, all her all, are in it. The young duke's adoring admiration tickled her vanity. At first he followed her about every where,- listening to her lovely voice with hungry ears, and snapping. up greedily any kindly word she threw at him. Most prima donnas are troubled with a follower, or followers, of this description. If the young man had not been the Duke of Orleans no one would have noticed him. At Vienna madame received the duke at her hotel occasionally, and let him escort her once to the opera when she was not playing. This even ing's entertainment was a serious indis cretion from an Austrian point of view, and led to scandal. The Imperial family formed the worst conclusions on seeing the pair together in public, and it is alleged that when they came to the front of the duke's box the ladies of the court circle withdrew. When Madame Melba learnt the signifi cance placed on this incident she was greatly annoyed, and upon the duke following her to St. Petersburg she got the Czar to inter vene and order him off. The young man seemed bent, however, on playing the fool, and presently actually ventured to Paris to see and hear the prima donna. ' The most absurd stories were cur rent at this time. One paper declared the duke was in Madame Melba's house disguised as a but ler; another journal stated that she had concealed him in her boudoir. When, however, the police did actually pay madame a domiciliary visit, they found not an indication of his Royal Highness having been there. The sole suspicious fact was that Melba declined to say whether she had or had not seen her friend in Paris. Mr. Armstrong has had two detectives and a solicitor rummaging in Vienna for the last fortnight, but without much result. The allegation in the petition is that Madame Melba coniiniitea aauiL-ery wren vae uune oi vsrieaus m SacDZer's Hotel, Vienna, on -February 20, the latter figuring as M. De Villiers. The pro prietor, according to Mr. Armstrong, ad mits— that Madame Melba came there, 'but blandly denies that she was accompanied by the Orleanist prince. The Duke of Orleans was warned 10 days or more ago that an attempt was about to be made to serve him with a citation as co-respondent in the divorce suit, and his ser (yants- had been on the alert for suspicious strangers. At St. Johann, ^ in Moravia, where the prince was staying with Baron Hirsch, several strategems were tried fruitlessly. On Wednesday morning, however, as berarrived at Vienna, his Eoyal Highness got nearly caught. Two gentlemen in evening dress -asked leave to present a bouquet, and a petition. As the duke stepped from the railway car riage he handed the flowers to a secre tary and opened the petition, which was neatly, tied with ribbon. No sooner, -however, did ' Victoria by the graceof God ' reach his eye than he realised what had happened, and flinging the papers from him cursed the rapidly retreating form of the process server with fluency. It . subsequently transpired that Mr. Armstrong claimed .£20,000 damages. Madame Melba's fate now, to a great «xtent, depends on the reality of her. royal friend's friendship. If he submits .himself to the ordeal of the witness-box all will be well. .If, however, his Eoyal Highness is too lafcy or too proud to do so, the jury will almost jeefctainly charitably assume the worst. 