A MYSTERIOUS REVENGE ' (A DRAMATIC STOBY). ? * ? By the Author op '£r.ih^.' Chapter XLIV. THE «IIOST-IIAUNTE» ClIAMUK'R; ' Tell her the door shall be speedily opened,' ho said, addressing. Adcla, in a trembling voice. He could not speak to the person himself,: spirit or no spirit, the occupant of that room was fori'ign to his conscience — ho' felt that, , before seeing the speaker. : The plaintive voice, as if unconscious of being answered, continued pleading for pity and help, evidenily convulsed with grief. . At'length the door was opened. ' ' ? , Adcln 'entered first, closely followed by , Drayton, and the curious heads of servants, piled one obove the other! were at the now open door. At first neither' Adcla nor Drayton recognized the woman, with --haggard face and dishevelled hair, who stood, with wild eyes, gazing .down at some thing closely pressed to her bosom, strove to utter a lullaliy, which sounded more like a prayer in desperation. All passed quickly — the surprise, doubt, recognition — as Adcla flew to the distressed creature's side, and, clasping her arm, said- — %1 'Tis Omi — Omi, found at last !' ?' Hush,' articulated the other, looking pileously in Adda's face n bewildered, uu recognissing glance 'You'll wake, him He only sleeps — I know he only sleeps ; but he is very cold. This room is so cold — no bed, no (ire. Take us to the firo, and tell my mother I have come.' ' God help her ! 'tis Omi!' whispered Ade-l.i to Drayton, who was so stricken with fear and surprise, that he could not believe his eyesight — it must be a dream. 'What is thut.in her arms!' he whispered, as Omi sank again in the old, damp chair. J3ut Adcla did not- answer the question. ?? Send them to light a fire in my room,' she hastily addedi ' And' bid s-ome one bring a warm drink — some- thing to call back life to this poor, half-frozen creature. Let it be done at once, please. Come, Omi,' she gently said, encircling the other with an arm — '? come with me, I will take care of you, come.' J)nt the poor, bewildered brain, torpid from cold and the shock of terror when she had felt the' child so cold, could not comprehend what, was urged upon her. She looked perplexed in Adela's face and asked for her .?mother. Meanwhile, Adela's maid busied her self lo get a fire made and some nourish ment for the ]-iie creature so strangely, found, while 'Drayton sent all to their several departments who were wan led, and dismissed the others to their rooms. Stranger than any. supernatural noise was the finding of this woman, whom the three at a glance surmised lo be the lady who had come to see Mrs. Drayton, and who had called her mother. Overcome,, as we have seen, by fatigue, she had dropped down to rest in the armchair, and the sleep of weariness buried all her cares for some hours in oblivion. When at length she started up. it, was from the chill of death upon her, emitted, it seemed to her horror, from the child folded in her arms. She tried to turn him to her breast,' but he was so silent and rigid, that a terrible fear made her utter the wild shriek which roused the house. 'Tis a feeling much akin io despair, when we contradict in words only. the voice in our hearts, telling us the being we love best in life lives no more — has gone from us. ' He is'nt dead,'' murmured Omi as Adela gently forced her to rise and conie with her. I felt his little hands moving such a short while ago. 'Tis a 'chill'; he's cold that's' all. It was foolish, I know, to come in such bleak weather ; but 1 could not rest. I thought my mother wanted to see me, I wanted to be at rest with her.' ,And articulating all this to herself, Omi allowed Adela to lead her to her own room, where the wood was brightly crackling in the prate. ' Ah, this is nice,' Omi uttered in a more cheerful tone, stretching her hand lo the blnze, the other clasped thc'hnndlc to her breast. ' Poor child ! he' will soon be warm now. What a mercy he has slept through it all !' . . Adela shuddered as she saw Omi, with a smile such as only mothers possess, look down on the heap of clothes which she was turning to the fire. , That heap^coneained her dead infant. It was horrible to hear, trvly horrible, the' wild, despairing ery of the bereaved mother, when self- delusion was no longer 'possible. She could not look in the glazed, open eye. nor I'eel the senseless, rigid limbs, and not know .death. His unmistakable stamp was set upon the creature which had only learned to live, to experience the penalty of life — death. In less than one short month he had passed' through the two mysteries of creation. To live and to die ,wero alike known, and then to be crowned with the blessing of seeing'his Maker's face' un veiled. It is difficult to realize the passing away from us of one we love; but to a mother it is almost an unreadable page ft r first, so stamped and overshadowed by horror. It was hours beforo Omi could bo made to fully comprehend that the little fingers which wore beginning to clasp her own, would never again try that earliest, lesson of kind welcome : the eye which had striven to look through the haze of imperfect vision to' recognise' her face, and smile, back ''her smilo, would never so strive again. It was all — all gone from her now. Insensibly, the hope of tin's child lo love, had soothed and comforted her. It was moro/hnn thchope of a happy.wife, for, looked iipori coldly as it would have been by tho world, her child would doubly have clung to her ; and now all, every hopo had to be laid in the small coffin holding the fragile, pretty, doll-liko child. .: ? (To be continued.) 