-iL lMTIftCS. Br Fbbb Lakci. Thb all absorbing topic now is the 8how I to take place next Friday that is if the out side districts are doing the same amount of talking as rob dune iu Beenleigh during tbe latter part of last aud tbe beginning of this week. Froui tbe stories I learn that at the Society's meeting everything goes off ad mirably, but its ' thn afterwards' tbat tbe talking is done and behind others1 backs. pleasant. Ifthey'are to be believed why do not they ' thrash it out' in oommittee meeting. They do not reassure the public in the least. Its all a. lot of petty fogging spite that anyone with the least common Bense will not put any credence in at all. An Agricultural Society that has such a 41 pie bald' committee will never prosper simply becau&e; those who are toilers of the Boil are in a minority and the others are always trying to trample them under their . feet. Once upon a time the Society had a 44 real agricultural committee' and their actions, promoted to encourage agriculture, were alwaya pooh poohed by the *4non-undet8tandables, and the consequence is that now we only have two or three who know anything about agriculture uoon the committee. The others gof s i d nested with the narrow minded ideas ' that they withdrew all sup port from tliii Sioicty — oven to showing exhibits. Thi' same will surely happen ttiiain if a hotter feeling cannot be shown towards tlmso who are maintaining* the at:i'iilit.y of tlio districts indubtiies by ex l:il»iiiig at the allows. When anuh n stale of utfairs exists how can these committee men expect the Society t/- do anything that is pupated by the motto t( Vires ac^uirit Eundo.' 1 noticed that atthe Agricultural Conference lately held in Brisbane, gr- at praise was given by several writers of to the actiou of the late (iovevniwiit in introducing the Tn^'lliug Dairy into the colony, as having given an impetus to the better manufactur: of butter and cheese. Well, the fact cannot be gainsaid that after the dairy bad left, a great uiiniber of pupils —the whole of them if I mistake not — showed excellent samples of butter and cheese Httbe following exhibition ; but this was lacking last year, as only two or three pupils she*. It is tn be ho{-ed, not only to varify the remarka of --ur 1 1 -cal speakers at that conference, tliat the pupils in this dis trict who theu learnt, aod those whom they have since instructed, will exhibit iu both products, so tbat the people will see that that instruction has not been let go to waste, and that we skill have an important agricultural industry in our midst that may before long grow to such an increasing ex pansion that we will not only have enough to supply ' home consumption' but plenty to spare for foreigu trade. The prize schedule u vety liberal, both in the Society's f-rizes and the specials, and it iB over the stter that tbe 'csbbonyabba ' is about. It is to be hoped that better counsels will prevail in future, not only for the Society's benefit, but for the good of the whole dis trict. Wjthout goiug further, 1 sincerely hope that eveiything will paBS off to the best advantage ou Friday next, and in doing sol must have another bumper of wine in which to drink 44 Sdcckss to thb Show or 1891 ! ' Open confession is good for the soul, and | I must openly confess that 1 do not know! anything uf the merits of tho dispute that j has caused the civil war iu Ohili. I read I uccounts, which I take with up amount of I salt sufficient to make a Lot's wife — at any ! rate 1 fake theio with a lot — of the bar- ! barous aotioua of the President. These mny or may not be true, but I have de- 1 cided to support the cause oi the Congres sional troops simply because they have come nut on top. 1 don't suppose that my support will be eent by cable to Chili to cheer the victor*, but that will be their loss. 1 find thiit nil my friends have been like mysnlf. linttging back as to any | declaration regarding which party they ! would support. Now that the insurgeuts have won, we ar« all iu their favour. By the way we do »»t call it inswi iv-.:iion iumv —it is njiigression, which reminds oue of The old ci'uplct ahoub traitors that Treason is never successful — thereon If iL's successful it's no longer trea^in. At last there's good ne\7« fioio Eu^moo. Annie Hi'sunt has secured the terrestrial end of ilie tlieoiuphical telephone so lon^ in the possession of the late Madanso Blavatsky. By recent advices, Annie seems to be doing, iu every sense, h ruarii'^ trade with Aludauic B.'s customers, wli«. are of al) ages, counties, characters, and professions. This w.u- U) be cxpected, as she secured the good will of the businc-sh, and niiglit confidently reply on a con tinuaucenf custom from the di«Muhodic-l persons that dealt with her ntv-Iecessor. Besides, when ghosts get into the hahk -*f frequenting certaio places or establishments, it is next to impossible to induce them to j shift or deal elsewhere. There's nothing so conservative as a gh»st. Night iu night out it pursues the same uuJeviating course, hangs about the same family vault nr bod chamber, and weirs tbe same old-fashioned clothes — generally knee-breeches and a brass-buttoned coat high in the collar, with a Louis Quatorze waistcoat to match, aud a snuff-box as roomy as a tea-cadd^. Had Mr. Bradlaugh been still alive, it is doubt ful if Annie .would so readily hearken to mundane voices. You can never be sure what a woman will do. Just when she appears in most deadly earnest And ap patently bent on pursuing the well-beaten highroad, ahe turns abruptly aside and takes to the bush. She meets a confessor, or a trance-lecturer, or a charlatan, and at once begins a new life under his auspices. The wont of these messages from another world is that they are seldom worth receiv ing, and, more seldom still, worth repeating. It is a dead certainty that, whether Mrs. B. remains for a long or a short period iuher new faiih, she will never receive a message increasing the worlds knowledge or: dic tating a tine poem, or conveying any infor mation that is not already in possession of the bald man on tbe tops of the ' Bus. There are some hopes from hypnotism— it has. at all events, opened the world's eyes to curious but natural phenomena previously doubted or deuied. But messages from mummies and magicians ! How profound the depths of mortal credulity ! John Kennedy William aud J oho Graham charged st the Supreme Court wjth arson in connection with the buruing down of ' the Amby fiailway goods shed, were fouud not jguUty, and acquitted. \- At th- Supreme Court on Thursday, William and Eupheiuia Johnston, fmmd guilty of arson on the previous day, wore each sentenced to seven yturs' peual servitude * 