AN HISTOBIC CEBEMONY. On Wednesday of last week (says United Ireland of 4th July) the -ceremony of consecrating the new College Church of Maynooth, which has Cost £60,000, and the building of which, from the designs bf the late Mrs. M'Carthy, was begun so long ago as 1875, when Dr. Bussell was president of the ooliege, was carried;out under circumstances of great solemnity, and in presence of probably the greatest assembly of prieBtB and bishops that has ever been Been in modern times in Ireland. The sermon on the occasion was preached by the Most Bev. Dr. Healy, Coadjutor Bishop of Glonfert. It was a most eloquent, impreBBive, and learned discourse, and such as one might halve expected from bo eminent an Irish soholar. We quote the following passages j— " And, surely, the mind that looks back upOn the past must rejoice to see you all asafeinbled here to-day, strong in faith and courage and freedom, to dedicate this national church to the glory bf Gbd in honour of our National apostle. What Catholfc, who has a : knowledge of the, dark bitftory of the past, would not feel a tjbrijl of pride to witness ihat grand procession sweeping through those nnbjfe cloisters into this beautifulohurch, to unite in offering to God • thissOlemn Maes of Thanksgiving? There walked he rein of Patrick, :of Laurence'} of Aitbe. aad of Jarlath, Wearing the Pallitttnof B<ytee, atid thereby procliiming to all met that it was from the See Of Pete^" they, lie their ^redefecisoM, rived the arohiepiscopal; dignity and the' plenitude ,of ihe apostolic power., There w^k^d tiieir broker prelates from all the provinces of Ireland^ the rolers of those old : historic Sees whose saints and scholars carried' the light of the gosrpeF all- over Western Europe -lopg 1 bprove the Dane or Gorman swooped ^WTi ^pSp our shores, There, tob, ere bishopg <>f Irish birth or blood, 1 ie rulers of phttrphes in Worlfls beyond the seas whioh Verp unfawwn to our fathers, and whose -jHresence here tb-day is at once a .proof of . their a&ectionate; devotion to this college and to their native land, and a eymbol of the unity' and Catholicity of, the Church of God. 1 There were to be seen representatives of the clergy from all puts of lreland, •who have Come here to ahow "their love for this Venerable Alma Mater bf the J inah priesthood, ihe nursing jaother «f maay^leMssed and iiluairious me& weire to be ston the beads of all the xf- UgidHS ^families in the Irish^OKifrch. ffce black hoods Of • tbft -gtelrt Wder which, has given, .us the. Aned of the. Schooll to hold the fipBt Ja onr halls, and the Bosary to hold the first place in our hearts, were there. There he brown ife⁢ of: St. Srasms Msifiljyj epn, for it was npver ab»ent in the day qf grief and trial in the {last, .when our churches were the 'mountiun oavM, and it was Tom by men like DunsSdotti| nd Luke Wadding,' whose natner 'wiU never be forgotten 19 the schooU of Ire-^ land. There^ too 4 we?e the fmi' of- Ignatiui, -who hare talun Hub front place in every branch of Ohristian levnisg for the last three hnndnd ye«n, aiidVho •erred our Irish Qhuroh wffe un^inching in the time of het'greateet new. Holy Ghost, the OblateB of Mary, and the Sons of St. Vincent de Paul—they were all present to lend dignity and significance to this most beautiful and impressive scene. Therefore, I say that the dedication of this churoh, with all its attendant oircumstances, is a great historic dedication, similar to those recorded in.the general history of the Chfrrch, and. more especially in our own annals. Such events are too xnomentouB to be easily forgotten, 'ifabebitis huno diem iji monwmntum, et celebrabitis etm solemnem •• .Domino in genurationib us vestris culttt sempitemo' This day will be' a monument for future ages, and fitly so, for it is significant of the deep faith and generous piety of our people, as well as of the vivid spiritual life and learning of the priesthood in our own times." Further on his Lordship referred to the " three memorable dedications briefly recorded in our annals "—first, St. Patrick 's . dedication, of his - church at Armagh; then the dedication, six and a half centuries later, of the beautiful churoh on the Boyal Bock of Cashel; and, lastly, the dedication of Mellifont, a Ww' years later. Beferring to the seebnd historic dedication, Dr. Healy said:— "The next historic dedication in our Irish annals shows a wonderful change, and exhibits the marvellous progress made by our native Celtic church, at least in architecture and the kindred arts, even during the subsequent centuries of confusion and disaster. It was that of a church built about six hundred and fifty years later, designed fay native genius, wrought by native workmen, and at the cost of one of our native princes. Its ruins are still to be seen, and tell to every passer-by more eloquently than I can what Celtic architecture might have become in Ireland under a strong Government and a united people. That beautiful churoh built for the bishop-king, Cormao M'Carthy, was dedicated, as we ara told in the Annals of Innisfallen, in the year 1137,' by the Archbishopand Bishops of Munster, aad by all the great men of Ireland, both lay and ecclesiastical.' This brief record indicates the presence of a great representative assembly at the dedication of the Boyal ohurch that crowned the Boyal fortress. It was felt to be a great occasion, as indeed it was; for iu that chaste and beautiful building we have, as the best authorities admit, the very highestexpression of that Celtic art Tfhich was gradually developed from the small and rude quadrangular churches of St. Patrick's time to the iexquisite architectural graoe of that peerless chapel on the Boyal Bock. Then came the conquering stranger 'to divide, and dishonourand although beautiful ohurches were afterwards btmt, specially by the Cistercians and later .eligious orders, they can no longer be regarded as the product of purely native genius and native art. Farther development was arrested, and die purely Celtic type was seen no more." : 