AMUSEMENTS Dramatic Gossip. Mrs. Brown-Potter, it is stated in the Queen, has bought "a sheep ranche" in Australia. The Playgoers' Review, the organ of the Playgoers' Club, is edited by Mr. J. T. Grein. In one of the papers Mr. W. Poel says that "modern English comedy has become tragic through its vulgarity; and modern English tragedy, if it exists at all, has become comio through its artificiality." Mr. Austin Fryers elaborates what he call 3 " A Practical Scheme for the Unacted," dramatists rejeoted of the managers being invited to subscribe to and to co-operate in the management of a theatre of their own. Mr. William Alison condemns what he styles " the reptile Press" for its re ception of " Ghosts." Ibsenism is a favoured cult of the Playgoers'. Ibsen's plays, by the way, have found their way to Russia. One of his plays was pro duced lately at Moscow, in Russian. "An Enemy of the People" was produced at Riga, and the applause was very lively during the first three acts; but the audience was evidently somewhat taken aback by the large and noisy meeting in the fourth act, such meetings of free countries being unknown in Russian life, and consequently on the Russian stage, but this act, too, was well received. This, how ever, was not the case with the last act, and the audience was evidently more surprised than pleased with the Ibsen solution. Mr. Locke Richardson, well known in America and in Australia as a Shakspearian scholar and reader, gave an interesting recital of " King Lear" at Cambridge in April. The audience was greatly impressed by his powers. The chair was taken by Dr. Hill, master of Downing College. The Italian opera season was in full swing at last London advices. Fewer diamonds than might have been expected (says St. James1*) were attracted to the Uoyal Italian Opera by the first performance this season of "La Traviata." . . . Madame Albani sang ex tremely well the now brilliant, now pathetic, part of Violetta. But it would be a mistake to suppose that this feverish oharacter suits her, from a dramatic point of view, as well as those calmer and more poetioal ones of Senta in • The Flying Dutchman," of Elizabeth in " Tannhiiuser," and of Elsa in "Lohengrin." In impersonating the Wagnerian heroines Madame Albani has, on the Italian stage, no superior. . . . The soene of Violetta's farewell to the uncon scious Alfredo. . . . Madame Albani plays correctly and in good taste, but without awakening the least emotion—without, indeed, making any recognisable impression. . . . Violetta's " business" in the orgy of the first act is, by the way, getting stronger and stronger. The earlier Violettas, with the gay Piccolomini and the charming 60310 among them, were content to drink, or pretend to drink, a little champagne—quite a novelty in those days for a priraa donna of the first order. Madame Christine Nilsson, on appearing, immediately after her return from Amerioa, as Violetta, made that perfect lady, at the end of her drinking song, shake a few drops of wine from her glass. Madame Patti went a step beyond, and, giving a violent jerk to her glass, emptied it of all its contents; and now Madame Albani, going further still, hurls to the ground wine and wineglass together. The revival at the Lyceum of " The Corsican Brothers" was to take place on the 12th May, with Mr. Irving in the dual part of the brothers Dei Franohi. There is no suitable part for Miss Ellen Terry, but on the tame evening she was to be seen in the title role of Charles Beade's one-act play, "Nance Old field." The character was a favourite one with Miss Oenevieve Ward, who appeared in it with much success during her short tenancy of the Lyceum in 1888. The story is merely an inver sion of that related in " David Garriek." The rdle of the good-natured actress offers abun dant scope for Miss Terry. Louise Keeley and tfie Pbdtcb. " She was always so merry and kind" is Miss Ellen Terry's recollection of her sister actress at the Haymarket Theatre—the late Miss Louise Keeley, daughter of the celebrated comedian, and afterwards wife of Mr. Montagu Williams. The reminiscence revives the Asfeiory of a pleasing little anecdote. One evening the Prinoe and Princess of Wales were at the theatre; it was their first appearance since their marriage, and they sat back in the royal box when Miss Keeley, dressed as a youth in a fairy play, had to step forth and sing the stanza— Hen's the Prinoe of Happy Land, Ono« he dwelt at the Lyceum; Here's another Prince in hand, But being InvitibU you can't see him. " Such a scene!" exclaims Misa Terry. "In one moment the audience grasped the situa tion—l suppose thej thought the lines were impromptu. Every one in stalls, boxes, circles, pit, and gallery stood up and cheered and cheered again. Suoh excitement i The action of the play was stopped, and the cheers grew louder and louder until oar Prince (the ' Invisible'-until-then-Prince) came forward in his box, and bowed in acknowledgment of one of the heartiest of the many loyal greetings it has often warmed my heart to listen to. That (Bhe adds) was a point in the play which Miss Keeley never made so muoh of before or after that night." 