CHAPTER IV. ^ A GERMAN GHOST STORY. On one occasion, however, she intro- duced me to a German lady, just converted to Catholicism, and her intimate friend. The lady was a Madame Strahlenheini, a fine looking woman who had heen living for a long time in Rome. Whilst the ladies were talking "between themselves with much interest of a celebrated preacher, I was looking at the portrait of Lucrezia, which was illumined by the light from a lamp. At last I tried to get in a word. 4 What eyés,' I exclaimed, ' one would almost think that the eyelids moved.' At this somewhat hyperbolic statement, which I own I invented so as to pass myself off to Mme. Strahlenheim as a con- noisseur in painting, she shuddered with fright and hid her face in her handker- chief. ' What ails you, my dear ? ' said the Marquise. . Nothing but what this gentleman has just said.' . Mme. Strahlenheim was pressed with questions, and after she had been once in- duced to admit that my words had recalled to her memory a terrible story, she was compelled to relate it. The substance; of the story was as fol- lows : Mme. de Strahlenheim had a sister-in law named Wilhelmine, engaged to a young man of Westphalia, Julius von Katzen ellenbogen, a volunteer in the divi- sion, of General Kleist. I am very sorry to have to repeat this barbarous nomenclature, but; marvellous adventures never happen except to persons whose names are diffi- cult to pronounce. Julius was a fine young man, full of patriotism and metaphysics. On departing to join the army, he had given his portrait to Wilhelmine, who always carried it next her heart, a custom much followed in Germany. On the thirteenth of September, 1813, at about five o'clock in the evening, Wilhel- mine was at Cassel, sitting in a room with her mother and her sister- in-law, and, like them, occupied in knitting. WThilst work- ing she looked from time to time at the portrait of her fiance, placed upon a little table in front of her. Suddenly she uttered a fearful cry, pressed her hand upon her heart and fainted. It was with great diffi- culty, that she was restored to conscious- ness, and directly she was able to speak she shrieked, 4 Julius is dead ! Julius is killed!' She declared-and the horror depicted' upon her countenance bore witness to the sincerity of her conviction-that she had' t seen the portrait close its eyes, and that at' the same moment she had felt a fearfuL pain, as if a hot iron had been passed', through her heart. All present endeavoured, without effect,, to prove that her vision had no significance,, and that it was foolish to attach any im- portance to it. The poor girl was incon- solable. She passed the night in tearsj. and the next day she wished to go into1 mourning, as though the misfortune that had been revealed to her were already ai certainty. Two days afterwards there was received! the news of the sanguinary battle of Leip- zig. Julius wrote to his lady-love a note, dated the thirteenth at three o'clock in the afternoon. He had not been wounded, had distinguished himself, and had just entered Leipzig, where he expected to pass the night with the headquarters' staff, and consequently, far from all danger. This re-assuring letter did not, however, have the expected effect. Wilhelmine still re niained uneasy in lier mind. She remarked that it was written at three o'clock,, and persisted in believing that her lover had; been killed at five. The unfortunate girl was only too right. Soon news was received that Julius, who had been charged to carry an order, had left Leipzig at half-past four, and at three quarters of a league from" the town, had been shot by a skirmisher of the hostile army, who was lying in ambush in a ditch. The bullet, which pierced his he¿irt, had broken the portrait . of Wilhelmine. ( What became of that unfortunate young person?' I asked of Madame von Strah- lenheim. I : : ~ :-~ ? * Where are pou going alone, at this time of night, Don Ottavio?,' . 'Oh, she was very ill! She is married now to Herr voa Werner, Councillor of Justice, and if you go to Dessau, she will show you the portrait of Julius.' 'AU these things are the work of the devil,' said the Abbe, who had only been half asleep during the recital of Mme. von Strahlenheim's story. ' He, who caused the oracles of the pagans to speak, can easily move tho eyes of a portrait when it so pleases him. It was only twenty year3 ago that an Englisman was strangled at Tivoli Va statue.' ' By a statue,' I cried : ' and how wat that?' . ...... " ' He was a milord who had made excava- tions at Tivoli. He found a statue pf the Empress ' Agrippina, or Messalina, . . . never mind.the name. .However, he caused it to be taken to his lodging, and, through looking at it and admiring it, he became half crazy about it. All these protestants are half crazy anyhow. He called it his wife, his milady¿ and embraced it, marble .though it was. He said that the statue came to life every.evening for his benefit. lt] came to life to such effect that one fine morning Milord was found stark and stiff in his bed. Well, would you believe it, another Englishman, came to buy the statue ? As for me I would have made it into lime.' When the subject of the supernatural has once been broached, it is hard to stop. Each of us had something to say. I even took my share in this competition of hor- rible tales. The-result was that when it became time for us to leave we were all in a nervous state, and imbued with immense respect for the power of the devil. 