Publications Received. From Messrs. Macmillan and Co., London, wa have to hand the July number of the English Illus- trated, Magazine. The contents include "On the Wane : a Sentimental Correspondence," a cleverly written series of love letters by Mrs. W. K. Clifford, the perusal of which leaves nevertheless an unpleasant impression. The moral of the story embodied in the letters is that lovers should not; protest too much, and the painful truth is made evident that undying love is but a phrase. Lady Knighly, describes Fawsley Park, one of the stately and historic homes of England, rich in reminis- cences of theo Civil War. The article is fully illustrated. W. Duppa-Crotch supplies an analysis of a thousand games of roulette played at Monte Carlo, designed to ascertain the recurrence of the various chances. This article has a moral too, and one which is not new either. Namely, that con« tinued play means eventual loss. The chances are in the long run in favour of the bank, that is. " Cookham, and round about it," is a description of one of the many picturesque villages on the Upper Thames, and Mr. H. R. Bloomer's illustrations are exquisite. It will be noted that by printing " black,*' the shadows and the varied colours of the landscape are suggested in a manner absent from wood engraving work in which mere delicacy of line seems to have been sought. " My Uncle's Story" is a pretty little narrative of a ghost in Italy which was happily exercised by dis- covery of the truth about the death of its mortal body. Lady Violet Fane writes some simple pathetic verses derived from contemplation of a rocking- horse in a lumber-room prancing in wooden; unchangeablenesB among many other disused ano! decaying toys. Mr. Reginald Bloomfield gives ano! illustrates an account of Nymegen, an old town ia Holland, " probably the oldest town," which enjoye the unique distinction of being a Dutch city set upon a hill. " The Witch of Prague," Mr. Marion Craw- ford's tale, reaches its twenty-second chapter. Recommended by Mr. Ednie Brown, the Director« General of Forests, and approved by the Minister of Education, comes the second edition of Mr. J. H Maiden's pamphlet on the wattle and its cultivation.. It is issued to Bupply farmers, tanners, merchants, and others with authentic information regarding the value of wattles. Full information is given re- specting the cultivation of the wattle, the kinds. to select, the value of the bark, etc. There are ten illustrations in the pamphlet. The Illustrated Sydney News for the current fort- night contains among the more notable pictures a view of the corner of King-street, with a well-known shoeblack in the foreground. The number generally is of average quality. 