DRAMATIC NOTES. Now the Ibsen burlesques are coming (says the JRia/to), not as single spies but in battalions. They were a long time on the road, but we shall soon have more than enough of them. Mr. J. L. Toole opens the ball with a travesty entitled "Ibsen's Ghost; or. Toole up to Date," in which " Hedda Gabler" will be the particular subject of parody, and Mr. Robert Buchanan's " Heredity" goes on at the Avenue Theatre with an excellent case. Tim latter is described in the official advertisements as " a new social drama by Robert Buchanan," a phrase which is somewhat at variance with the announced fact that the piece is an adaptation from the Danish(but jiethapsthisisaBuchanan joke), and the authoritative rumour that it will be found to satirize the Ibsen plays generally. We expect better things of the Avenue production than of the burlesque at Toole's, although the latter will have the merit of showing Mr. Toole in quite a novel light—that is, "Up to Date.The Era says one cannot help wondering whether the Ibsen chapter of British stage history is closed. The present season has been, in actual results, disastrous for the Norwegian playwright. Four of hi3 dramas have been acted for the first time in London, forone night, two afternoons, five afternoons, and a few weeks respectively; and the rumours of future productions, once so loud, are heard no more. If discussion be the best advertisement, then has Ibsen been advertised ad nauseam. But, so far, it is vain; the great playgoing public does not take to him. That it is shocked bj his work is very doubtful—for the most part of it merely stays away. And yet it is more than likely that the effect of Ibsen on our stage—on writers, actors, public, and even Managers—will be altogether out of proportion to the apparent result of these productions. According to the Pall Mall Budget there are rumours of some trouble at the Savoy, for (says that paper) within the last few days no jess important a person than Miss Nellie Stewart, the freely heralded prima donna from Australia, has resigned the role of the heroine in Messrs. Dance and Solomon's new opera. The precise cause of this unhappy state of things has not transpired, though it is whispered that the lady was grirvously vexed at the discarding of the original title of " The Nautch Girl." Presumably, as the Antipo dean artist was to have played Beebee, the Oriental danseuse in question, she imagined that her position would be lowered by the fact of her being ousted from the title role. If this is the true reason it is indeed a regretable one. I have no exact knowledge of Miss Stewart's capabilities, but I can assure her that the London critics and the London public—who are more important—are not in the habit of rating an operatic soprano one jot lower in the artistic scale because the name of the piece in which she appears does not happen to be identical with that of the character played by her. Let us hope for an end of such absurd strife, and a quick healing of all difficulties. A new melodrama by Mr. Henry Pettitt will be produced at Drury - lane early in August, under the title of "The Sailor's Knot." The hero will be played by Mr. Charles Warner, and that actor will probably take it on tour in the provinces after its run at Drury- lane. Dion Boucicault's drama "Formosa" has been produced at the Drury-lane Theatre. Mrs. Langtry was engaged to play in this piece, but at the last she withdrew. All the sympathy of the audience (says a London paper) is against Formosa, and the Jersey Lily didn't think she would like that. Miss"Millward will now appear in the title role. 