Bees as Adversaries. Those who have personal knowledge and ex perience of bec-culture will bear out the re mark that bees arc not particular as to the size or the position of the home in which they choose to dwell, so that it suffices for them to carry on with security their wonderful opera tions. In their wild state cavities of rocks and hollow trees arealike available: and in their domestic condition they have no pre ference for a straw castle orer a house of wood, nor for a wooden house over a straw castle. The bee, which, while under proper treat ment. is one of man's best friends, proves, when molested, a terrible foe. Allusion, is made to this by Moses, in bis story of what "Tell the Israelites in their sojourn in the -wilderness. " The Amorites came out against y-.n, and chased you as beesdo, and destroyed y-m." The strength and force of their sting is such as to enable them to pierce the skin of the horse and other large animals, and kill tbem. Their ordinary speed when in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, and they have been known to fly past the windows of an express train when travelling at full speed in the same direction. The bee's manner of attack is to dash straight at the object aimed at ; and commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per son. they will attack the face, aiming especi ally at the eyes. When the thousands which inhabit a hive are aroused by the sound of alarm— well understood by all the inmates — to lvpei an invader, they sally forth with a courage and determination which none can withstand, attacking their foes on every side with a fury it is impossible to Teslst. King David must hare witnessed just such ascene, which he reproduces in his description of the fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe: - All nations compassed me about-, they compassed me about like bees." Recently, the mishap of a porter in hand ling a box of bees in transit by railway created an amusing and rather alarming scene at the station. There was a general stam pede of passengers and officials flying inevcry ! direction chased by the infuriated bees, j Catching the queen and placing her in the j box, restored confidence and quiet, for, flock- j ing loyally to ber standard, the whole colony I returned to the case, which was then sent on I its way. Hut even this is a small affair com- pared with what is- related in ancient history j of persons being driven from their liabita- j tii uis, and the inhabitants of an entire town j being (.'.impelled to flee before myriads of j bees, .Elianus, who flourishe l about 200 | A. D., gives an instance of this in one -of his seventeen books on animals. Mungo Park, j the African traveller, mentions a modern in- j stance which took place near Dooproo : '"We j had no sooner unloaded the asses than some j of the people being in search of honey, inop- j portunely disturbed a large swarm of bees, j They came out in large numbers, and at- I tacked men and beasts at the same time. Luckily, most of the asses were loose, and 1 galloped up the valley : but the horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to scamper off: in ali directions. In fact, in half an liuiir the bees seemed to put an end to our journey. In the evening, when they became Jess troublesome and we could venture to col lect our cattle, we found many of them much stung and swelled about the head. Three asses were missing ; one died in the evening, another next morning. Oar guide lost ljis horse, and many of the people were much stung about the head and face." Persistence of the Beaver. — The quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale attempt against their peace is astonishing ; yet if their numbers are undis turbed, or diminished but gradually, even the presence of civilization will not drive them them from their liannts. To-day beaver are returning to streams in Michigan, lung ago abandoned by their race, simply because they find themselves unmolested, ibe demand for beaver-peltry beingsligbt,and the prices paid out of all proportion to the labor entailed in trapping. It lias been said that, if a dam or house be once injured by the hand of man, the colony at once disappears. Hut that t his is fallacious is proved by the following ; Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mich., on Um llivcr, a beaver colony bogan ibe erection of a new dam. Though the embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains passed backward ani forward daily, they seemed in no way dis turbed. and worked steadily on until the water had risen a foot or more. The track- master. observing that this endangered the line — for the embankment had been utilized as a wing of the dam — ordered the water to lie drawn off. Hut the following day the beavers had repaired the dam cut through, and the water was its former height. Again and again and again was the dam cut through, and as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty times ere the beavers were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon their attempts. White Sparrows- — Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of the thou sands of sparrows in Macon are white. Pro fessor Will.-tt of Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and when firis fact was brought to his attention he supposed the white sparrows were mereiv albinos. Nature plays her freaks in all classes of the animal creation, and scatters albinos among men. beasis and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white one is found. But the white sparrows at Macon are tno numerous to be accounted for on the theory of chance, which would explain the presence of one in a thousand. They are exactly like their companions in every re spect save color, and there is no evidence that the white and dark sparrows have crossed : they are all either solid white or solid brown. London Needle Women — The women encaged in the shirt trade are to the full as ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be nitied as were iheir sisters in the day when Hood sang tlieir sorrows and sufferings. The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. She soon becomes in very deed. The seamstress, leau and weary and wan, With only ihe ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger and dirt. Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many of the shirt hands are not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of tli<= poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages of their husbands and the additional income t hus gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly in creases the comfort of the household. Con sidering the wretched priees paid for the work, the surprising thing is that the women should earn even so much at it as some of them do. Take the button-holing — a leading branch of the work. The lji.les are rough punched in the factories the work of the outdoor hands being to stitch them round. This button holing is admittedly " niggling'" work, and yet the rate at which it is paid for by the sweaters is a I penny per dozen collars. As <-ach collar has three boles, the band, who finds her own needle and cotton, has to stitch thirty-six holes for a penny. Even so, some of the ex perts, Iiv working long hours, by rising early on Summermornings, and sitting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is "ready to be put into the mouth," chiefly bread and butter, and eating as they work ; by acting on these lines soms of the button holers will earn as much as eight or nine shillings per week. The priees paid by tiie manufacturers who give .it out in the first instance are probably such as would enable a skilled and industrious hand to make a living wage : but as matters stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlemen, and the tender mercies of the sweater are cruel. Every man of brains makes some kind of life purpose for himself. He sets a goal before his eyes and "goes for it." The goal may he worth strivingforor itmay not. The way to it may be compatible with health and happiness or it may not. These are points for the man himself to deter mine. Pupil : "Why does the avoirdupois sys tem hr.vi no scruples ?'' Prof. Eodder : " Because, my hoy, it's ustd to weigh coal and ice." Satiety is acute reaction. Pleasure, like bubbles, floats on the surface : those who drink deep imbibe bitterness. 