Pcdliugtouomauia. TO THE EDITOR OF CUMBERLAND ARGUS. Sir,— A new township is started in a district. Two or three gentlemen build passable cottages and improve the grounds. They then find that they would like to sell out and get nearer a train. But how is that to be done ? Get a branch railway to go through, and which would tap a rich horticultural district out back. ; but as it would not rake the hills running north and south, somebody interposed. The noxt report is . that the Govern ment aro going to build an iron bridge at a cost of £10,000. A bridge, then, would be handy for the two or three gentlemon to cross when going to their offices; but it is quite likely tho brewer's cart would go the present ro-d, which is now more direct. They got up a Municipal Council; budget- :out of it themselves—that is as Mayor and Mules. A one man passenger service train is run to the river opposito the township fora while.: -,WJio,:?rasto-:blame for that switchback business?' Pat and Mick will draw somo pay for work done and the pub get rid of some extra slevers of single X; It is ;said that they numberoJ the inmates of tho old orphan school as residents. Thiit reminds me of the old- men dummies, the ; squatter had ; only that tho one are doinn- their residence above ground, the other underneath it— the. squatter buried his old men on the' land, so that they are still doing their residence; ' But when will they get a land boom ? When the elevated land round Hornsby, is :fill.ed up. Thoy still persist in wanting that bridge, notwithstanding .that there is a southerly wind in the flower bag of the Ireasury. The National debt does not keep them awake anymore'than it does old Harry, the Tasniauian; ghost. The push of Pedling-t.on consists of three, and it's who will stand on either side and build the bridge, with me. Ihey took their coats off too soon out at Pedlmgton, and have got nretty well flattened for their trouble. ' 'If you take your coat off here/ I'llflatten you,' said the tall young Irishman fornint the bar at Jordan's pub, . ; . BUNKUMBE JOKER. 