[From Melbourne papers. VICTORIA. AVOCA, November 30. I i What might have proved a very serious if re broke out this morning in a washhouse connected with the local post office. Fortunately the alarm was quickly given, and the promptitude of the fire brigade in doubtedly saved the premises. The fire is believed to have been due to the position of the copper, which was plated right against a weatherboard wall instead of being bricked in. Had the flames got a good hold on the premises, one of the largest business places in the district could not have escaped. A destructive fire occurred at Barkly last night. The commodious premises of Mr. J. Cross, which had been newly furnished, were totally destroyed, and a quantity of clothing and a sum of money upon the premises were also lost. The fire originated by the curtains of the bedroom becoming ignited, and in an incredibly short space of time the whole place was burnt. The loss amounts to about 336, no part of which is covered by insurance. BALLARAT, November 30. One of the members for Ballarat West probably Lieut.-Colonel Smith-will to- morrow night present to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly a petition from the Ballarat branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, in opposition to the Share brokers Bill, which they declare will, if passed, injuriously affect mining labour by harassing and checking legitimate specula- tion tttid'invcstinont. The funeral of the late Rev. Father Brennan, a professor at the Holy Ghost College of this city, took place to-day, and was very numerously attended, among those present being Dr. Gnther and a number of other clergymen of the archdiocese of Melbourne. At an early hour the remains were removed from the college to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where they were placed on a catafalque in front of the high altar. Solemn requiem mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Crough, principal of the Holy Ghost College, unseated by several clergymen. Bishop Moore occupied the throne, and the office for the dead was recited by about 20 priests, the choir, under Mr. Rigley, rendering their portions of the service. The Bishop having given the last absolution, the funeral cortege, headed by the college students, moved to the New Cemetery, where Dr. Moore, in full canonicals, assisted by Dean Hoyne, Vicar General, and Dr. Delaney, conducted the funeral service. A meeting is to he held for the purpose of establishing an amateur operatic society in Ballarat. GEELONG, November 30. This afternoon an inquiry was held at the hospital on the body of Peter Boylan, the man who was knocked down by a train between Lara and Cowie's Creek on Friday morning, and who died from the injuries received. It was clearly stated by the locomotive driver that he saw the deceased lying with his head on the rail when the train was 50 yards away, but the train could not be stopped in time, and Boylan was thrown off the line by the cow-catcher. The decision of the magistrate was to the effect that Boyton died from injuries to the brain caused by being struck by the engine, but there was no evidence to show how the deceased had got on the line of railway. It was decided at a joint meeting of the harbour committees of the Town Council and the Chamber of Com- merce this afternoon to ask the Government to accept a contract with Mr Higgins to complete the cutting of the new channel at Point Henry, commencing in March next, the work to be completed by the end of August, 1892. MILDURA; November 30. The half-yearly general meeting of shareholders in the Mildura Irrigation Company Limited was held this morning. There was a large attendance of settlers, Mr. Geo, Chaffey presiding. The report and balance sheet were read and adopted running ously, and the proceedings throughout! were of a character highly satisfactory to shareholders and directors, i > ' ROMSEY, November 30.' A banquet was given to Sir William Clarke, M.L.C., at the Romsey Mechanics' Institute this afternoon by the West Bourke Agricultural Society, of which he has been president since 1871 It was attended by a representative assemblage numbering 75 The chair was occupied by Mr. J. F Hamilton, vice-president of the society, and the vice-chairs by Mr. James Hemphill and Mr. Robert Clarke. The chairman was supported on the right by the guest of the evening, and on the left by Mr. J G. Duffy, Postmaster-General, Mr. T. Brunton, M.L.C and Mr. Staughton, ML A. The room was magnificently decorated. YEA, November 30. Captain D McLeish,' who accompanied Colonel Price to the military tournament at Islington, arrived here on Saturday. He was met at the turn by a large concourse of people, including the president and some members of the Yea Shire Council. As the train approached the station the You brass band commented to play some martial music, and three hearty cheers were given at the conclusion of a short address which Captain McLeish delivered, thanking them for their kind reception. Towards the end of the month the Mounted Rifles will enter- tain their colonel and the officers and men who accompanied him to England at the Princess' Theatre in Melbourne. Creameries are being established throughout this district. At Yea separating begun last week, and about 300 gallons a day are now being treated. Molesworth, a second offshoot of the Yea Dairy Co., will start in a day or two, and the company is calling tenders for the erection of a third creamery at Strath Creek, Shearing is progressing at a satisfactory rate, and good average clips are reported. Sixteen Wolseley machines are at work on Killingworth Station. COLAC, November 30. The local option poll held on Saturday in the Beeac riding, to ascertain if the people were in favour of increasing the hotels to six instead of five in order to provide a house at Faugher, has resulted in favour of the increase. The final returns are just in, showing a vote of 195 for, and only five against the opening of the new house. The Temperance Alliance iirgedallitssuiipoiters to abstain from voting, in the hope of having no poll, hence the small number of votes in opposition ; but more than enough were police! to make its legal pall. 