-&tnml;$tw$. Thb SttEAEnra Dnmom.Tr.~FK-m tin Pastorallsts* Union ot South Australia, we have received a pamphlet aiatement of the facts connected with toe shearing difficulty in Australia, officially compiled for presen-! tation to the Seyal Commission oa Labor ^ia Jjondon. Ip a future issue we may reprint one or two extracts of publkj interest. TheAtbb Botaj..—' The Gondoliers ' is to be played for two nights longer, the last three nights of the season being reserved for the * Yeoman of the Qnaro? The opera season has been remarkabW successful, and critfoa ?gree in considering the Company the best and strongest of its kind we have had in the colony. Visitors to the dtp should, not .'Jail. to attend a performance, AEMTHRTAINMEirr AT STBATHALBTS.— The wintry nature of the weather on Picnic day, Wednesday last, kept a ..good many country folk at home, and decided others to get home directly after the picnic, the result being that there was anything bat a crowded house at the entertainment an nounced for the evening, the hall being only . about half fall. A varied programme was provided, Miss Anderson, a young lady from Mount Barker, the possessor of an unniaaUy sweet voice made her' first appearance here, singing three songs in very pleasing style, one, 'The Kerry Dance' being par ticularly tastefully sang, though the »ndience liked most a later one 'Barney O'flea' which was also artistically given. We shall be glad to bear Miss Anderson on our stage again. Mr. Neil Bobene gave three character songs daring the evening which delighted the back seat audience, and which were of course imperatively encored, his clever representations of the parts he assumed pleating the bouse generally. Master Gardner, of Gardner's Band, staved ? violin sole in artistic style, eeouring bttartv applause, Mr. Montgomery gave two Bongs, Mr. ft. C. Graham two recitations, and Mr. J, W. Elliott the same number of songs, the whole forming an enjoyable and entertaining programme. The Aunts History— It will, perhaps, be news to the victims of the * AMine History of&A.;' (he Port Pirie Standard writes, to learn that they were * had' by an experienced gang. For instance, the canvassers, of whom there were ten, were expressly imparted from Canada for the parposs ef fleecing the gullible \- Australian public. Ten of these cauvaspere, ft now -transpire », were engaged at the princely eslary of £1000 a year each, so it will readily; be seen that the profits out of their labours; most here been immense. Of coarse these; experts did sot favour all- the. colonies at one and the same time. In the most systematic manner tbev divided their labours each calony being attacked. In New South Wales they ran** Men of. Mark* in lieu of a history, and at a, result made a big thing oat of the vanity of the vain 4Ktrnstslk... In Victoria ? Men of ' the Time* was tbe pnblicarion, a id bers the highly-paid can vasselra scooped the proverbial poo), Io -South Aueffcalia it was considered a high-toned history would go down, and so it did. Those Port Pirieans [and Strath* albynitea} who wanjeg to .render tbomselves imnurtal and bad to pay for their whistle, can oow console themselves with tbe thought Ifaiat tbe can-farter JwKo took their autographs wat- a highly paid gentlemen, and that no common bnok^oanvasseriisd the satisfaction; of duping tbem.. Several, however of the Pirie notables Scoring in tbe ' book' refused to aote-up, and they are to be congratulated on their escape. EvTERTAinceirr at GiiXTNOTnif.. — Thn prevalence of iitfluenaa at this township in iterfered cnntiderabbly with the attendanoe at {be .entertainment given in the Assembly room on Saturday evening last by amateuts from Strathaibyn and Murray Bridge in ?connectio. Jwith St. J Andrew's IWlge, U.A,O.D There was h-.wever a fair andience and.- all -present appeared to thoroughly enjoy tbe gPerforinance, Misses Jones, Smyth, and t&Hgall; contrl* ated songs, the latter lady also , ?Ringing a. hunmrou* 'duet with Mr, ttont -ggomery,, who contribtr.ed two oomio songs as wtfll. Mr Elliott, a:-d Mr, Poore also sang.. N r. J. Cowan gave two recita'.ionFi A good TOiny of the number* were encored, and the whole programme was capitally given. '?Night jlhd Pay.'— We have received the September number of Or. Barnardo's ?tnnntbly magRZtne publit hud In the interests H)f hie Homes for destitute children, contain ?ing the usual amount' of inf urination in refer ence t« his work among: the waifs and strays of London. It is stated that 4,956 boys and girls have now been sent forth from the iBttitations to colonial life, including 373 tads who hare emigrated to Canada during the current y«ar. There are now over -4,090 boys and girls resident in the Homes, and an argent appeal is made for funds to maintain tbe large army of rescued waifs and strays. Madam Miua, the Australian singer, baa been engaged to sing at Palermo, Nice, «fid Paris at £800 per night Ghost Church Suxdat School— The anm.1l festival io connection with this school is advertised for Thursday next 29th inst, particulars being: Riven elsewhere. OoBJt Foa IsruDBiax, — Drs. Bird and : ifclHerney, two leading Melbourne physic ians, are prescribing perchloride of mercury In small doses as a remedy for the prevailing complaint known as influenza with remark able success. Dr. Bird recommends the one-eightieth of a grain of perchloride of mercury, with half a grain of quinine, every tialf hour. Dr. Holnerney administers it «omewhat differently to Dr. Bird. He recov meads small doses of from one- sixteenth to one-twentieth of a grain in distilled water, given every two hoars, until the temperature of the patient resumes its normal range, after which any ordinary tonic unitment will suffice to restore health. They strongly advise thst tbe treatment should only be rnied under the superintendence of a medical nan. Tbe Yvn Eocomo* Bat— From the compiler, M. J. WbitS«Id, we have received « «opv «f * pamphlet, dedicated to the edtieational malcontents of the colony, giving as historical sketch of the above Bill. SoerBBKX AcicrcoxnjsAi! Society. — The annaal show is fa be held on Wednesday next, 28th inst., on the Society's grounds at Fort Elliot, and it is hoped the -event will attract a large attendance of visitors to Port Elliot. ' &TBKET; AKO BBOCEK HlM. RAILWjlI.— The Port Adelaide people, says the Port Pirie Standard, egged on by the City merchants, are very fend of pointing oat the impending ruin to theeowny owing to the contemplated direct railway communication with Sydney. If they put this intfceir pipe we will feel obliged:— Mr £ B. L. Dickens. M.LA,., for Wilcannia, writes thus to the Silver Age;— There is no money available for the Sydney to Broken Hill »a»*7; The -fret U the actual amount *«HM.ura iiwi me «y tauian loan WUl O6 something under £700,000. The balanoe will K» is paying: off old debts, fees flotation, etc. This is a bad look oat. Tbe November part of the Voting Ladiet' Journal has just reached as. The fashion ityastratioos, which are in the most refined ?iyles, numoer over one hundred. A full* sice patten for cutting out a very elegant cloak for a liule gM %giv«n on the back of the Gigaadc 8appiltei|.^tetty and practical designs in erochet, ^wp$ag and embroidery ?re to be^ found Jn Qu papas, and a very «&BOtiv;» jqs|Mred Hemgpfor a Berlin- work cushion tsHVMlsined isJ$bs{MVt» Of interes '»« litOTaniUw i there ;«^so a good supply. Tin pages devoted miaii&c; give a prstty none, and a moreeMa%rjthe piano. The, eootery eUamns cat*taii*WL ot tax foes tftjftfc flisbes tmSim snppifc.^esidefl many ecjiftaiQal and sfauooable redp)ss.*LWe have, u^ptation in ^ng, after a cagfe! stady ofttrwntent*, th\t the November ttbrt of ?Thetipngl^fM Joomsl* iBW&tSiting; ?fi?11^^ « we bave ever *een ? of th» tertnaWy e«cel!ent domestio Maga ^ ins. ?? - ? ? . .-.; ? , ^^ '??-???- ? *The greatest nourishing tonic appetizer, ' strengthener, and curative on earth— tort 1 1 (Boole's American ELop Bitters.' 4 CHUftCH OP ~J290£AND MISSION^; Btom Rujo^,— A sale of goods and enteriamaieat la connection with ^ above was held on Tbnredaj last, ?nd^aras; a pronounced success. There was a sudl' of nsefol and ornamental woi^also^a tree-with %eH represented orapsea Jil^ with toys or other small art^ies, -.» :*£? freshinent stall, and a bran pie to A&uM.; tbe litde ones. The room was tastefn]^ decorated, and ail reflec-ed great ^credit on tas ladies who bad laboored sol; cner«etie» ally ind enthusiastically- Mrs. J, L Stirling formally opened the sale in the afteropon, and by tbe evening a ^grdjtti clearance was ofieoted. A foftner at^' traction fpr.jthe evening was provided in as entertainment, when the building wa* crowded to excess. The programme was of a varied natare, icOQsisting of masient selections by Mrs., .Cartis .and Mis« Biokford, two songs by Mtsb Anderson, a song by the school children, a rea ling by the Rev. JW. J. Bo8-eH, a representation of Mrs. Jarley'a waxworks, and concluding with the amosiog farce ' Bow stout you, are getting' which was very creditably performed. After the ' entertainment the good ladies laid a.fee sapper for all who chose to paJtake of their liberality. To allpattonsof the bazaar, a ticket entitling to a draw in an Art Union for a nseful clock was issued, the- snecewjful number falting to Mr. S, Eosaingham, pf ??: Wis^ow. The proceed*, which, amount to £20, neit, are to 'be devoted to the pnrboaae 'of an American orflfan and a tew, seats. 'for the Mi-sion. These will supply a v«ry great need both for the Sunday School, and also tbe Mission services earned on under the direction of the Eer. W. J. Buseeil. Holdoway's Pnx-».— -Good Spirit*.— Every one has frequently experienced Budden. per sonal changes from gaiety to gloom. The wind and weather oftentimes receive the blame when a faulty digestion is alone the cause of the depression. Holloway's Pills can be honestly recommended for regulating a disorded stomach and improving digestion. They entirely remove the sense of fulness and oppression after eating. They oWar the furred tongue, and act as a ' wholesome stimulant to the liver, and as a gentle aperient to the bowels. They healthfully rouse' both body and mind. HoHoivayV Pitta are the best known antidotes for want of appetite, nausea, flatulency, heartburn, langour, depression, and -that apitbv so characteristic of chronic derangement of the digestion. 