ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, WALLSEND. A Or Sunday, let instant, the Bishop.elect of Newcastle paid his first visit to this parish, and held two confirmations-one at 11 a.m., snd the other at St. John's, Minmi, at 3 p.m. The Bishop arrived in Walleond by the 4.80 p.m. tram on Saturday, and was met and welcomed by the incumbent, whoso guest he was during his stay. On Sunday the con gregations were very large at all the services, the accommodation at both churches being severely taxed. Every effort was made by the ohurchwardene and offlcorers to ac commodate the worshippers, and there was a marked absence of confusion and noise. The services were very impressirve, and marked by a reverent solemnity, which mnde them very touching. The musical por. tion of the service was beautifully rendered. The service opened with the hymn "The Churoh's one Foundation," ofter which a shortened form of morning prayer was read by the incumbent, the Rev. R. M. Walker, the special lessons being Acts 8, verses 4 to 7 and 14 to 17, Acts 19, verses 1 to 7, and Hebrews 6, verses, 1 and 2. Then followed the hymn, "Soldiers of Christ, arise," sung by the choir and congregation, only the candidates for confirmation remaining kneeling. The preface to the confirmation service was read by the incumbont, and the Bishop delivered an eloquent, but simple and easily understood, address to those about to be confirmed. He spoke of the meaning of confirmation; its blessings, if rightly ap proacohed, with faith and prayer for God's blessing; its strengthening power in fitting for the battle against sin; and its influence on the spiritual life. After the address, he called the names, and put the question to them individually, receiving from each a clear and distinct answer--"I do." Then followed the usual prayers, and the Bishop requested the whole congre gation to kneel in silent prayer, asking God's blessing on those about to be conflrmed. Following this, the hymn " Como, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," was sung by all, still kneeling. The candidates, twenty-eight (six male and twenty.two female), were then presented singly by the incumbent to the Bishop sitting in his chair, and,laying his hands upon them, impressiely repeated the prayer, "Defend) oh Lord, this Thy child, with Thy heavenly grace, that he may continue Thine for ever, and daily in. orease in Thy holy spirit more and more until he come into Thy everlasting kingdom." At the closo of each prayer the "Amen" was supg with a pathos which told the the heartfelt wish of all that of prayer might be fulfilled. The Bishop continued the prayers, after which he addressed those confirmed, touching on the necessity of private daily prayer and reading of the Bible ; not too much at once, but only as much as they could carry with them Strough the day. He advised each one to tao up some department of church work, either" in the Sunday-school or choir, and to begin that day a life which, when it should pleaee God to call them away, would be such that those who were around thozm would mourn their loss as the loss of a good man or woman. He entreated them to make a good useo of the means of grace, their Sundays, but especially of Holy Communilon. Theeose they would find to be veritabl'e ources of strengtlhl-wclls in the desert of their pil grimage, and foretnates of the bleosinga beyond. He then aeked them to join to gether in singing the hymn, "O Jesus, I have promised," the chair and congregation being silent, and remaining kneeling. During the offelrtory, " Onward, Christ.ian Soldiers" was sung by all, and the serevice concluded by an administration of Holy Commumnon, at which there was a good attendance. At St. John's, minmi, twelve candidates (six males and six females) were confirmed, and the serrice there was conducted in the same form. In the evening the Bishop preached at St. Luke's, taking for his text t.he words "Man shall not live by bread alone," and " is not the lifo more than meat." Hlo spoke of the GFreek conception of life beiog twofold, as shown by their using two words to express "life," and showed that man had a twofold lifo, the out ward or animal, and the inward or spiritual; that a man might have the outward or ranmual lifo and oven .the intelligence fully developed; but without the inward spiritual life, or religion, he could not be a full man-nay, he was only half a man. With forcible anecdotes hIe illustrated this truth, and concluded an able and instructive sermon by appoali:g to all to cultivate that higher religious lifo which could only bring those who aimed after it to the "fulnoas of the stature of perfect men." The choir rendered the musical part of the service in their usual careful style, and greatly contributed to the beauty of the soerrices. 