VERBENA CAMELLIA STEPHANOTK. A COMPLETE STOEY. [By Walteu Besaxt.] I. Then* the Priest, as the Rubric directs, took the child in his own hands, holding it dex terously and not like a prentice, or mere curate, unaccustomed to the right handling of a baby, but with a circular sweep of the left so that the head of the infant lay nestled in the bend of the arm, and the body was supported by the hand, and the right hand was free to ad minister the healing waters of the font, aud he said to the child's sponsors who were her earthly father and her earthly mother, with Aunt Eliza : — 'Name this child.' To which the godfather, also the father, re plied in a clear and intelligible voice— 'Ver- bena Camellia Stephanotis.' He was a short man with stooping shoulders, a broad forehead and meditative eyes. When he had done this part of his duty, knowing that the clerk, as is usual in such cases, would do all the ri-*t, his eyes departed from the situation and v.-r-nt right through t the church walls into sorua far distant place. In reality they were looking into iiis fernery, which was under srlass about a mile and a haif away. * Now the priest was a masterful man who scrupled not to restrain the unbridled sponsor by authority of the church. One*1, for instance, he refused to christen a child J udas Itscariot, even though his father was a professed total unbeliever, and therefore expected every allowance. On this occasion, also, he per ceived that the proposed names were profes sional. He, therefore, changed the name by his own authority and without asking tin; god father's consent, to Vera Camilla. H.^ entered these names in the book and showed thuni to the parents. 'It doesn't matter,' said the father— 'I shall call her what I please.' In the end he never called her anything at all. 'Vera Camilla,' said her mother. 'It's sweetly genteel.' 'Vera,' said Aunt Eliza. 'Why, it's a name fit for any lady. Verbsnar indeed ! You might as well have called the dear child Ollyoek.' II. Vera lived in the loveliest cottage ever sewn — a cottage .such as is sometimes provided for 5rou»g lovers by a fairy ; it seemed to be of one story, but there were really two small bedrooms in the two gables— they had sloping sides and just room enough for a bed aud a chair and a looking- glass. The cottage was covered all over with climbing plants up to the very chim ney ; Virginia creeper, wisteria, clematis, jes * 1 bej; to express uiy obligation to my friend, Mr. Charles Brcokfield, for ihe suc^C'^lion of the muti/ ol this etoiy.— W.B. Famine occupied each its own side or corner, a passion flower held possession of the porch, the lawn before the cottage was trim and neat; mown and rolled till it was as soft as velvet and as smooth as silk. There were beds in which every kind of flower grew and flourished ; and in the background there were flowering shrubs which blossomed, one or other, all the long year round. The household consisted of a girl and hen father, her mother now lying not far off. The father, always a meditative man, was entirely absorbed in his profession, and talked of nothing but his plants. He spoke of them as a schoolmaster speaks of his pupils. He recognised promise, but experience taught him to look for disappointment. He knew the temptations and the dangers which beset the vegetable kingdom, their manners and customs, the failings and weak' nesses of his plants. Of these things he spoke, and he was unable to speak or to think of any« thing beside. Did his daughter want any thing? What should she want, living in a most beautiful and spacious garden planted with every tree, shrub, and flower that will flourish under the sky in northern London^ All day long he was engaged with his flowers ; in the evening he went to his club at the tavern. His daughter, therefore, saw him only at meals, where he mostly took his food in silence. The cottage looked out upon the lawn, and therefore commanded a view of the great iron gates on the left, and in front the broad gravel road which led to the Ground, and on the rightr the Ground itself — not a park or a playground or a place of recreation — but the Ground During the hours when the ground was used the girl always sat with her back to the win dow as though the view displeased her. She had yery early contracted this habit, and now continued it, though she no longer felt th3 least dislike to the view from the window or to the panorama of those who marched past ill order to use the Ground. The iron gates opened upon the high road now deserted, though in the old days it had been day and night covered with carts, wag gons, stage coaches, carriages, and droves of cattle. Now the tramp limped painfully along, or the young London clerk on Saturday afternoon and Sunday rolled swiftly along upon his bicycle. Otherwise the road was deserted save for those who drove (for nobody walked) to the Ground. xVbout 10 o'clock m the morning the business and activity of the day began and continued without pause until the afternoon, when iti stopped. At 5 o'clock the gates were closed* Then Vera had the Ground all to herself. The business of the day began, and eon* tmued with a procession. Sometimes it was a procession of many vehicles, but generally of no more than three. First there came an Arie with a treasure chest in it, 'aud that so precious that it was covered all over with flowers, Next two carriages'followed drawn by black horses and filled with people, who sat bolfi upright when anybody was looking, and stuck, out their chins with pride at their own respectability. The procession testified to the family greatness. It is not often that the family, which is for the most part an invisible unit, can illustrate its own greatness ; in fact, this is nearly the only function which can serve that purpose. The procession entered ths gates and drove slowly past the cottage, where the occupants of the carriages were often dis« appointed at seeing not the face but the back and the shoulders of a girL That anyone should have so little curiosity as not to turn round, and estimate the respectability of a family ! The carriages rolled on ; they stopped before a small building where ceremonies were con* ducted. When these were finished the people came away, but without their treasure. They came away, got into the carriages, and drove away briskly. Not far from the iron gates is the tavern known as the 'Fox and Grapes;'* here there is a large room with a comfortable; fire for the reception of fisitors. The tavern is famous to those who use the Ground for the most sympathetic of all drinks. It is uq« sweetened, except with lump sugar according to taste, and is taken with hot water. All the morning long one procession followed another. They were all exactly alike excepfi that sometimes there was a longer following of carriages. Vera heard them pass, but she never looked round. The Ground, in fact, was a cemetery in the West Finchley-road, the cemetery of a great London parish ; a large park covering many acres, laid out in flower beds, lawns, gravelled walks, trees and shrubs, so that in spring, summer and autumn it is a very lovely garden, and even in winter it is not without its beauty. Among the flower-beds and the-shrabs lie in rows — row after row, miles of rows — the graves of the dead. Most of them have headstones ; many have broken pillars, crosses, square tombs, polished granite slabs, little columns planted with flowers. There were legends and epitaphs on these monuments. There is a certain monotony about the epitaphs of London cemeteries. Mostly, to those who read between the lines, they run.as follows : — ' Sacred to the memory of A. B., ?who lived 70 years and did nothing worthy of remembrance. He was a sincere and consistent Christian, always horribly afraid of going to heaven, and quite certain that no one would send him anywhere else. He thought of nothing but money, and he made a little, but not what he_ had a right to expect. He carried on his affairs to the end without being publicly disgraced. Every Sun day morning he went to church, and during the rest of the day he feasted. His family, who quarrelled over the division, speak of him no longer.' The population of the place, although the Ground has only been opened for 30 years, is a quarter of a million. The Ground doa? not be long to a parish where men of letters, art, or science live, and there is not one of all this immense multitude whose works survive to continue his name for another generation. When the processions of the day were over,'' the great gates closed, the chapellocked, and the Croqucriiorts gone, Vera had the place to her self, and could wander about the paths. She knew every part of the cemetery; iu one ? corner the little bit of coppice left uncleared, in another the two or three apple-trees still remaining — remnant of an orchard ; the parfa of the ground not yet laid out, covered wita long bents and darnel and coarse grass, and the hedge beyond this field where she gathered blackberries in autumn, and roses and honey suckle in J uue. She wandered alone about the great sileufr place in the summer evenings. Long after the sun went down her white figure among the white tombs shone ghostly in the twilight. She never went an3'where; her life wag wholly spent within these walls. Half-a-mile uji the road there was a school where she had learned certain accomplishments which were of little use to her, because she seldom read any thing and never wrote. She made no friends ; there is a certain prejudice attached to oue resident in a cemetery ; it is awkward to give a cemetery as your permanent address ; some little odium attaches to any office connected with such an institu* tion. Vera, therefore, had no friends. Othei? girls go about and see things,. they have amuse ments; vera went nowhere. Other girls, again, get a little excitement and change when they put on their best clo hes and go to church. Vera did not go to chnrcu* The reason was, not that superiority of intel« lect which shuts the church door to so many young ladies of the day, but simply because her father considered that when you have church and chapel serviessf going on every day the necessities of the human ease are more than met. Between the time when Vera left school and the beginning of this history a period of two yeaiv- passed away. That is to say, for two years the girl lived at the gates of the cemetery and went nowheieelseexx-ept to the row of suburban shops near the school, where she bought the things wanted for her housekeeping1. To a girl, almost a child, living thus alon3 among the tombs, with burials going oa ail day long, with no friends, no outside world except a long deserted road, life may come to seeni like an endless Danse Macabre, a dance of death, a pageant of death. To this place, hither, must sill be brought : it is the universal end. What -was the outside world engaged upon all the time? Clearly, she concluded, r.ndertakery. Some made coffins, sorue coffin plates, handles, ornaments, linings, shrouds ; some made black carriages ; some black coats and black frocks ; some were told off to read the service appointed ; the head undertaker was the Chief Minister of State ; nothing was rr-gaided but the future occupation (if tha Givund : the chief object in saving money was to provide for a respectable procession. Life was all death ; clothes nothing but a sign of mourning ; clergymen, chaplains to cemeteries ; religion, an assurance to the bereft ; eveything beautiful was intended for nothing but ths adornment of the permanent home. 1 do not say that Vera put all these thoughts into words ; young girlsdo not formulate tliein thoughts ; language cannot clothe them ; but they assumed this color and complexion. The cemetery was all she really knew. Perhaps because everybody who came to the ground was clothed in black. Vera with a kind of instinct rather than by protest dressed always in white. ICo oue would have interfered with her if she lind chosen yellow, but she chose white. Black- belonged to the processions ; black belonged to the ladies who came after -vvavrif, fo:v-f*iir!-*s for as much as six months later, with flowers. The black spots moving about unioisg the green craves and tha flower bed*: in fl: is beautiful garden offended the girl's: eyes. Therefore she wore white; in winter white flannel and in summer white stuff. She carried a basket and a pair of garden scissors p.ud she wt-nt about attending to the flowers of the forgotten graws, those for which there m'W'p no longer any jsinuniers to pay the gar clf-ner. Sl.t» v:is a i;i!l thin slip of a girl, about shtrr-ii y«irs of ape, as -yet with little of tin? womanly figure; her fair hair abundant hung uiK-i'iifinoil oxerpt by a ribbon ; her blue «'v«-s mw lnrg«- sini serious; her faie was craw: hi-r very step was serious: she neither lauglKH] nor wing nor danced as she went along, although she was so young — you see, it chivks laughter and singing to remember that, tlior.ph a tjunrtcr of a million may be listening', they cannot reply even with an echo. I read once of a child brought up in a nunnery, one of the austere houses where the sisters dig their own graves, and where the days are for ever c-ht'crtd by the sound of the knell of the jrahs-h.g ijcll. Then I remembered Vera. As lLat cloister child so was Vera. 1IL The tios of kinship are loss respected on certain s-A-ial levels than on others. The Engl^i! family very easily breaks up into separate pieces; brothers and sisters go their ownw: ;?-, they scatter; if they remain in the earne jiaoe tlu-y quarrel; children who could fcecou. li:s know oath other no longer; those wLo f.i up in the world are too proud to encore after those who remain down l»eI«-.w:'tiioHj who are below are too proud to iiitiud'o -.ivioi those who are up. Family pride, tbtn-fo; '\\*l::!.s its use?. Vera's facher, for in Eianc-e. iei-mir.ed head gardener of the new cr-u-i-tr'v. j * is brother — though this he did not Iniwv. !'Vu;xi;s,- lie. never ix-ad auy uewspa]-ers— ?ws* I'. .-.:;i» Minister of New South Wales; .'-no'.!:- : iinuht-r, al?o iiEknown to him, was a j-ilv r ;-. :v.-. aiid controlled I know not what, lie ;?.::.:;:- .1. Had he gone abroad, as his l-roiiii:.- iiii', I:e would have become botanist to :- --u!oi-y. in;f«-£sor of botany in some colonial X.'v,iv*:r--ity. Fellow of thelioyal Society. As it v ;-s i i.- rcii'.siined at home, and was a gardener j ?win-si; thoughts never travelled beyond this j l-lsn:t= . ' ! But even at hon-e one may rise. Vera had i an sum— li- r mother's sister — her Aunt Eliza, j fc-!:f-. by so:; son of her husband's great sueees-, i tad cli;.:bed to a dizzy height, even to a bouse ; in Bedford Square and a carriage. Aunt j Eliza's i-^slsand, indeed, was none other than a j certain v.vji-known. far-famous purveyor in j the citv. It would be hard indeed if so eminent j a citizen should not have his carriage and his ? Louse H! Bedford Square beautifully furnished, | and cji Sundays his dium-r xiaities at 3 in the j aft*-mec-n. But Aunt Kliza had well-nigh forgottv :i the existence of her niece. Her sister \vs* dead : her sister's husband was Kardenti- to a cemetery ; there was a child. Prosperity makes one acquainted with other prosperous persons ; people who have a good concern in the city cannot remain on intimate terras with cemetery gardeners. Do not blame Aunt Eliza, 'tis the way of the world. She Lad not called at the lodge for fourteen years. One' day in leafy Slay, the laburnum aad the lilacs being in full flower, there entered the gates a moce&don; of great length and mag aiific*Eee,*with such waving plumes and such a pile of flowers as denoted respect to success. Evidently a. prince of Israel. Vera-, sitting iu iier «x-a with her back to the window, was conscious only of prolonged blackness grating over the gravel. Whew everything was over, and the mourners were returning to their carriages, one of them, a portly dame of benevolent aspect, walking beside h-?r husband — -'twas he of the great pro vision shon — whispered, 'John, I must stay behind and see him, if it's only for poor Amelia's sake. Tell them I am staying to see the grave of a friend. You go on and 1 will get home by myself somehow.' ' When tlie last carriage had passed through the gate-, Aunt Eliza opened the door of the lodge. 'Goodness gracious!' she cried, 'I suppose you're Vera. Lord! how you're grown. A young woman, I declare, and a pretty one too. Give me a kiss, my dear. Fm your Aunt Eliza, come for a funeral Well, to be sure. Why it's a pretty room and all, though, of c-oure, cne wouldn't expect to find you sitting on n coffin-lid. And whore's your father, my dear?1 When at last she went away, she held out both ]-a;)Us and kissed her niece 3dndly. ' My dear,' she said, ' it's perfestly dread ful to think of a child like you— a big girl too — sitticg among the touibs all the while, like as it v;-a were possessed, seeing nobody and talking to nobody and going nowhere. It's enough to make one melancholy mad. You shall coiue to see us. John and me will make you welcome. Look here now, Vera, my dear —I remember when your father wanted So call tcu Sweet William, or some such name— you come next Saturday afternoon. Come early end I'll get vcu some pretty things to wear, though white is always becoming, I will say that. In the evening we'll go the theatre and seemy favorite jNTina Cazalet ; Sunday morning, if it's fine, we always drive out. There's open 1-oui-e for dinner, and the rest of the day spent ?with euc:ii_ laughing and talidng as you never Leaid. iTghir5 she shuddered, 'you can't laugh in a cemetery. That's right, you'll come. Don't let on about the Ground, you Lnow. In a year or two, perhaps, when the young man comes along you can break it gently. That's settled then, and Pin glad I caiiie'; tr.Jy slad I am.' IV. A pi.'-: 3 rilled with people; the \ro:nen in lovely c.:-.i:cp, smiling sun talking, the men as aniixiiU-1 and as happy ^s custom permits. Brit'at light everywhere, a baud playing sweet muiic, a curtain 'painted with girls and young men, flowers, dances and sunshine, the air charged with the perfume of joy and youth. Vera sat beside her aunt in the front row of the dress-circle, her eyes wide open, her lips trembling, her hands trembling, her whole frame tingling with the wonder and the novelty of it. Then the curtain drew up, aad for three Lours Very was ravished away. The theatre existed i:o longer ; she was not sitting before a stage; she was looking on, unseen, at fairy land. She saw, for the first time, youth and the happiness of youth; the joy of being beautiful, the joy of being loved, the joy of living and wooing, the joy of sunshine, the joy of life ; for the first time she felt that yearning for jovs ?unattainable which glorifies youth, though it too often makes that time unhappy. She heard the gospel of joy. When the house laughed she felt as if something jarred. It srasas if she was recalled rudely to the actual -world. The bell would be tolling next. She looked on gravely wondering. When the cur tain fell between the acts she sighed and gasped, and the tears came into her eyes. When hi-r aunt spoke to her she replied faintly because her mind was with tbe play. Among the company was an actress who took the leading part. To this girl she seeme-i like a being of whose existence she had never even dreamed. She was young, she was beautiful ; she had a sweet face and a sweet voice, her lips were always smiling, her eyes beamed with happiness and with mirth; in the play all the men loved her and courted her, in the house the young men clapped their Lands for joy whenever she appeased. She was the queen, the goddess, the patron saint of love and happiness and beauty. Vera followed here as she moved upon the stage ; her car riage, her gestures, her voice, her eyes, fasci nated the girL When all was over they came home througn the lamp-lit streets in a hansom. Vera went to bed too much excited to sleep ; happy just to lie and recall the evening and to see again in imagination the actress who had charmed her with her simple spell and pretence of hap piness. On Monday she went home, arriving with the second procession of the day. All the day, all the week she walked about restlessly'; in the evening she_ wandered in the Ground; but she avoided the in habited portion. She had to pass through the graves in order to get to the unused field ; she shuddered as she passed, because her head ?sras filled with a yearning after what she had seen upon the stage. These poor dead people had been taken, perhaps, from such a world of joy — a world where the undertaker is not seen. Only in the far corner of the field did she feel able to give herself up to the thought and re collection of the theatre. When Saturday came she did a strange thing. First, she made up a bouquet of white flowers, then she wrote a little note and pinned it among the flowers. 'From Vera. I love you. If you will let me love you, carry my bouquet.' She tied up her bouquet in silver paper, and after tea, at 6 o'clock, she took her jacket and her hat and went out of the gates and turned down the road in the direction of London. Her father was gone to his club. Ee would not get home until 10, and she always went to bed at 9. He would not fcucw. It was nearly 8 o'clock when she arrived at the theatre. She boldly walked in through the crush of thf people who were crowding in, and asked the ticket-taker how she was to convey her flowers to Miss Nina Cazalet. He directed her to the stage door, where she found no difficulty in sending in her gift Then she returned to the front of the house. Here she made the discovery that dress-circle seats were seven shillings a-pieee, and she had but two shilliBCB in her purse. With this modest sum, however, she found a place in the pit, and sat there, with beating heart, until the curtain A Is? '. 2fina Cazalet came iu without her fccuquct, and her heart fell as heavy as lead. Then she reacted that in such a piece tha actress coi 1 1 not carry a boiquet This thought relieved her. Perhaps the actress would make some sign to her ; but no sign came. Then she rc-membeied that the actress could not possibly know her by sight, and again she took courage. 3riiiallc the surrendered herself to the inagic of the piece, ani once more lost all consciousness v.hiie the comedy was played. The theatre over, she came away. The 'street was full of people, pushing and shouting. Vera stood hesitating. Somebody spoke to her. She turned and walked away. She walked through crowded slums and through deserted streets. No one molested her ; she had no fear. She came out at length beyond the houses into the long dark road, stretching north, betwesn hedges. All the way she noticed nothing. Her brain was filled with the voice of the aelresS; and with her face, and with the rnaojic of her grace, and with the joy, unlike anything ever known on earth, which this sweet white si'itch poured into the hearts of those who sat at her feet. It was a fine night ; the stars were out. The lilac filled the air as Vera turned into the lodgo garden. She crept noiselessly upstairs. She opened her window and looked out ; she could see the white lines of headstones and of tombs. 'Oh,' she thought, ' did they ever know — these poor things, the dead — that there are places where people do nothing but laugh ani sing and are always happy V V. Miss Kina Caza'et sat in her room under the hands of a dresser. As one who entirely realised how much the attractions of a woman are assisted and heightened by art, she gene rally took the keenest interest in every detail of her stage toilette. This evening she was passive and silent. This queen of joy, at whose presence. the clouds of care rolled back, was herself gloomy. A sense of impending misfortune hung over her. She held in her hand a letter which she had read twenty times, and each time with a heavy sigh. It was from her lover. 'Choose,' it said, almost in so many plain words, 'choose between your lover and your profession. Give up the stage or give up the lover.' A dreadful alternative. . She would have been happy with both, bud with one only of the two she would be wretched. How could she j-ive up her lover ? how could she give up her art 2 'Choose,' said her lover ; ' 1 will await your choice.' | |u' Something dreadful is going to happen,' ; she said to her dresser. 'Last night I had j teirible dreams. I've had this letter for three ! days, and every time I try to answer it I am held back. 1 cannot answer it. A cruel letter ! What has made him write it V ' ]?on't think about it till the piece is over.' '2Co — not till the piece is over.' Nina sat Kin ijjlit ami nerved herself. ' I've had such a fi'igLtful headache all day long— I can hardly crag my limbs. But I shall manage, somehow. Oh !': she started nervously, ' Who is tliat knocking at the door?' It was sonietliing tied up in silver paper. Nina tore it off impatiently. 'Always the same,' she said. ' Every Saturday for the last two months. Who is Vera, I wonder?' She opened the note. ' Always the same words, * I love you. If you will let me love you wear these flowers.' They are beautiful flowers. Who is VeraV She sat up aud looked at the j writing The characters were square and almost childisli. 'Mysterious Vera! I am haunted by her. Well, I will find out who she is. Out of curiosity I will wear her flowers to night. Let her love me ? Well, there are not many women who want to love me. As for the men — put the flowers here — they are very pretty.' The toilette was finished. The orchestra played the last bars, the bell rang, the curtain rose up; the actress, with glowing che&ks;, smiling lips, aud bright eyes ran upon the stage while the house rang with cheers. Oh. ! ; who could hope to be as happy and as careless | as this godlike creature t — she carried away all j who sat in that great house— all, even the poor | dressmaker's drudges in the gallery were ? rapt and ravished out of themselves, and for three short hours lived hi a paradise of song f and happiness and merry carelessness. A witch ! a. sorceress ! But a white witch, a benevolent kindly witch who used her power for the happiness of the world. When she ap peared upon the stage the young men gasped and drew iheir breath and many changed color, being the victims of love the mocker who fills young men's hearts with the unattainable. And the girls all murmured 'Oh,' with a long sigh of admiration aud of envy. In the front row of the pit there sat a young girl She, at the sight of Nina, turaed first red and then pale. She was quite alone, which is unusual in the pit — or any other part of the house — even for older girls. She rose and asked those behind her kindly to make room. She passed out and did not return. It was lialf-past 11 when Nina drove home. She lived alone, save for her maid and her servants, and had a first floor flat in Victoria street, fitr evening's work had been too much for her ; -she elimbtd the stair with difficulty, dragging her limbs and leaning- on the balus trade : her head reeled ; her eyes ached. She opened her door and went into her diniiig-i'ooiii. The supper was laid ; the lamp j burned low ; the windows v/ere wide open for ] the warm air of July ; the lamps of the street | lighted the room. At the open window sat a iigure dres&ed; in white. When Nina entered, the figuie rose. It was a girl ; Xina saw th'at she was veiy young and that her eyes were beautiful. *'My dear,' she said surprised, 'who are you? And what are you doing in my room? Unless' — her eyes wandered — 'Unless you are a ghost.' '? I am Vera,' said the girL 'You are Vera! Who is Vera? Oh! I rt member.' _ | ' You wore my flowers — you will let me love ! you. Oh i' the girl caught her hand and idssed it. 'You are so lovely; you are so bappy ; I have never seen any one so happy.' Nina reeled and caugnt the back of a chair. 'This is some dream, '; she said. 'I am in a ; delirium. I, happy? And with this letter in j my pocket? You are come to mock me.' j Vf.be caught her burning forehead with her j fcar.d* ana sank senseless on the floor. The | fever which had been hovering about her all i day lou.sr stized her in its strong clutch and j held htrfast, so that for three long weeks she laiew nothing. j The papers next day announced, with great i cone; rn. that Miss Cazalet was taken ill with souse kirid of fever. Everybody began to talk about the bid ventilation and the smells of the theatre. Next day, and for many days after wai ds, the street was blocked with the carriages of those who came to enquire after the actress. They drove and they walked ; they left cards or they humbly took an answer and walked away. Most of them brought flowers ; Covent Garden was cleared out every morning; the parcel post brought boxes of flowers from all parts of the country ; there were flowers enough to furnish the weapons for a carnival. But the recipient of all this sympathy lay un conscious on her bed revealing to her nurse all j the secrets of her heart. j What the papers did not know was that by J the happiest accident in the world Miss Nina j Cazalet had obtained the services of a nurse j more devoted, more watchful, more jealous, j than even the most scientific sister in the most difficult case of the most dangerous ward. For Vera etaytd. ' I don't believe you care a straw what becomes of Vera,' said Aunt Eliza. ' What ? She stays away for three weeks aud you never so much as ask where she is.' 'I thought she was with you,' replied the head gardener. 'iNotbhig of the kind.' 'Where is she, then?' ' Staying with an actress. How she got to know fier, however she came to think of it, how in the world — but there's no sounding the artfulness of a girL' ' An actress ?' 'Oh. the girl's in good hands, I will say that. An actress I said. 'Tis none other thau Miss Nina Cazalet herself. Fve been to the house ; she lives in a most beautiful flat. The f umiture is finicking ; but then you can't ex pect actresses to furnish like plain folk. Finicking, but pretty. The girl came out to see me. Nina Cazalet was iU, and Vera is nursing her. She was very short with me when I wanted to know how she got there ; but never mind, some day she'll tell me. Well, now, I asked hrr what salary she was to have. Nothing at alL Then I asked her where she took her meals. If she'd lived with the servants I would have cairied her off there and then, I would. But she dcesn't. Boards, I understands, with the family, treated like them, has what the others have, diet unlimited and, so far as I could learn, pudding every day. When Nina Cazalet gets better I sliall go and have it out with her. Meantime I think Vera's a lucky girL and you ought to be thankful, little as you care.' 'The girl,' said the gardener, 'is living with the family, and there's pudding every day. Of course a growing girl requires pud ding ; stimulates the growth, like a little made earth. She's safe aud in good hands. Iu that cast ? ' His eyes went out into space again. vn. The only man in all London, not counting those who never go to West End theatres, who did not know that Nina Cazalet was ill, was the very same young man who had written that letter. Why had he written it ? Why do young men ever write cruel letters to young ladies? It is the inexorable pater. When the pater is poor, the young man does what he likes without the formality of asking permission ; nor does the pater who has nothing to leave expect to be asked. Both are happy, therefore, and should bless their poverty. This young man, unfortunately, had a pater who was rich, and, moreover, had ab solute power over his money, which had been 'made.' Oh, the ingenuity of man which makes money, securities, shares, bank-notes, gold, silver, and bronze out of nothing — just nothing at alL See him in youth — naked, his hands empty. See him again fifty years later, laden with the money he has made. What feat of jugglery, what marvel of science, can j compare with this transformation of nothing j into everything ? 'My son,' said pater the maker, 'I hear I nothing but good of this girL I shall not j oppose your max-riage, because there is nunon i sense in your ease about marrying beneath ? you. Yet, with your prospects, you might . have made a beginning of family connection. ; I make only one condition ; that she gives . up the stage. I can't have a daughter-iu-iaw ! acting every night. 1 u»n sun; you will ; acknowledge that I am jv:ir-i;n;s-bl'j. If you i marry her without, you will h-- placed in uju ' ignoble condition of one who lives upjii his wife's earnings.' Therefore, the young man wrote that letter. i He put it as kindly as he could, but he put it : plainly, thinking, in his. folly, that he had i a.-ked a small thing. And he had as yet re : cc-ived no answer. Had he looked at the papers he would have lead that his mistress ! was iSl ; had he gone to the club he would have lier.ru the news. But be did neither. He sat '?? in Ins private room in a Bond-street hotel : waiting for a letter which came not ; he roamed ' tl,e street, melancholy, asking himself why he : had been such a fool as to expect that such a ; giil could possibly prefer such a man as hiin&slf; : aiid such a humdrum life as he had to offer her. to the excitement of the stage and the piactice of her art. Young nu-u often a-^ic themselves such questions ; but the reply is never satisfactory. Why was I such a fool ? Echo replies, 'Such a fool.' How could I have been j-.uch an ass'?' Another echo ' Such an asp.:1 No ; it is never a satisfactory reply. 'A young lady, sir, wishes to see you,' the waiter made this announcement. 'Won't send up her name, sir.' ' A young lady ? No name ?' 'Quite young, sir. Child almost. Says you must see her.' 'Well, let her come up then.' Agirl dressed all in white stood in the door way looking curiously at him. Quite -a young girl, tall and angular, long fair hair falling down her back, big blue eyes. And she gazed upon him standing there while you might have counted ten. *'I am afoid,' said the youth, 'that I do not recollect ? ' 'No, you have never seen me before.' 'Why do you look at ine so curiously, then?' ' I was wondering as I came along what kind of man you were. Because either you must be the best man that ever lived for her to love you, or it is a great condescension on her part, aud perhaps a great pity and shame, and her friends ought to interfere,' she added, ?without so much as a comma. ' But who are you?' 'lean see from your face that it isn't for your cleverness that she loves you.' ' Who loves me ?' ' And the letter iu ray pocket proves that it isn't for your goodness, for only a foolish or a bad young man could write such a letter.' The yourg man changed color. Then he threw hims- If into a chair. ' Well,' he said, ' I suppose you will tell me presently who you a:eand what you want.' ' A man who was not foolish, and was good wht n such a lady :»s Nina ? ' ' As Nina !' He sprang to his feet. ' You come from Kina?' 'When such a lady condescended to love him. would be so reuch honored that he would ask|j[for her conditions and not lay down his own. Oh, to make her happy, who every evei.ing makes hundreds of people happy, and sends tbem home full of lovely thoughts, ought to be happiness enough for any man. But you — oh ! you — you dare to make conditions A great genius is in love with you, and you ordtr her to give up her work. You pretend to love her, and you ? ' Here Vera's eyes overflowed, and her voice choked. 'You come from Nina? Tell me, have you a message — a letter — from her? Who are you?' -:My name is Vera, but you do not know me. I am staying with Nina. I am never going to leave her, whatever happens. Never, mind, never.' She spoke with great firmness aud resolu tion. The young man gazed at her bewil dered. 'Nina is ill,' she went on. 'Nina? IU?' ' She has been ill for three weeks. All the time she has been off her head, and has been talking about you. That is why I have come here.' 'Kina? 111?' 'She has come to herself again, and she has left off talking about you ; that was the first sign by which we knew ? ' 'Nina? HI?' 'And I've come about that letter of yours. Here it is. I've borrowed it, but I must take it bade' 'What am I to do?' ' Do you want to make her get welL or would you rather kill her ? Well, then, sit down aud write her another letter.' 'What am I to say?' 'You are to say you withdraw this letter, and that you are truly sorry and ashamed for writing it, and that you humbly beg her pardon for insulting her with such a condition, ar.d hope she will forgive you. I wouldn't if I were Nina; but perhaps she wilL because she is a preat deal better than all other women pat together.' He sat down obediently, his face flushed, his hands trembling. lie wrote rapidly, covering the four pages. 'There.' he said, ' give her that. Tell h- r — tell her if my life would be of any help to her I would give her that.' Vera read the letter without asking permis sion. Since it concerned Nina's health and happiness, why not ? 'Thank you,' she said. ' It looks as if you were really sorry ; of course you ought to be. I daresay she will forgive you and let you come and see her. I will write to you.' 'No — no ; I will call — I will call this after noon. I shaU:be able to see you at least.' Vera turned to go. 'Stay !' he cried ; 'you think I have been a brute.' . 'I do,' she replied, with the candor of an unspoiled souL ' You don't understand. I have nothing in the world except my allowance from my father, who is rich. I nave no profession, and no way of making money. He allows me to marry Nina only on the condition that she leaves the stage. If she does not, he wiU disinherit me.' 'Is that all?' asked Vera, the unworldly. 'You would rather keep the money thau Nina ? What a lover '.' I know not where she got her experience or theory of love, but this is ?what she said, -with fine contempt in her eyes. 'Again you don't understand. I should then be in the despicable position of a mau ?who lives upon his wife.' 'Why? Are jou too proud to do some thing? I would mow the lawns and sweep up the leaves rather than do nothing.' 'I am not too proud; I am only too ignorant.' 'Would you like to be an under-gardener ?' asked Vera, thinking of her own possible patronage. He shook his head. ' What can you do ?' ' I can do many things, but nothing that I can make into money. I can shoot, I can fish, I can play games, I can ride ? ' A nappy thought — nay, an inspiration — flashed across the girl's mind. She had often seen a cavalcade ride along the road — a troop of half a dozen girls with one man, riding. He was their teacher. 'Why don't you become a riding- master?' 'Eh?' The young man started. 'Why not? I could teach riding. I will. I cannot live upon Nina's salary. Tell her, child, that her husband must be independent. Tell her that if she can stoop to a riding-master ? .' 'I will tell her,' said Vera. vm. A fortnight later Nina lay on a couch baside the wiudow. She was dressed —she was rapidly getting better. People had left off calling; there were no more bulletins ; the procession of flowers had ceased to encumber the adjacent roads. She was better, and she was going- to take a long summer's rest at the seaside. At her feet, in alow chair sat Vera. gra- vely watch ing in case she might want anythiug. 'Cliild,' said Nina, who had been silent; 'he came here this morning while you were out. Nobody could be kinder. He is quite fixed about Tjeeoming a riding-master.' ' You laughed again, yesterday afternoon,' said Vera. ' I heard you.' ' Did we laugh ! You thought I was never going to laugh any more. What can I do for you, Vera? Oh ! my dear child, what can I do for you, who have done so much for me ? You dragged me back torn the jaws of death ; you have given me life again — and my lover again. What eon I give you.' ?'Why,' said Vera, 'you first showed me ?what happiness means.' 'I will play to you, dear.' She rose aud went to the piano. 'When I ani very, very happy — quite happy — I don't want to talk or to laugh, but to play soft music. People only laugh and make merry because they want to be happy. It is a sign. Old people do not laugh because there is no more happiness to be hoped, and happy people never laugh because they have got all they want. Let me play to you.' She played for a quarter of an hour, softly. Then she began to talk while she played. ?' I shall be so happy that laughing and siug ing will become a burden to me. TEey are the prelude, you know, ouly the prelude — like the overture to the play. That is why, when you first knew me, you were so attracted. You were made to expect something which excited, and pleased you. There is only one kind of happiness in the world, ar.d 1 have it— thanks to you, Vera, thanks to you.' She turned her inusic- stoul and held out her arm?. ' Child ! You are nothing but a bag of bones and big blue eyes. That is because you have spent yourself iu saving me. Now I .shall make you grow fat and strong. Vera ? ' 'Well, Nina?' 'You have told me everything — all about your father and your aunt, who i-? a, dtar good soul ; but there is one thing you have never told me ; where did you get ail thosu beautiful flowers ?'?'' Vera shuddered. Tiree weeks before she . would not have shuddeed. 'I took them all,' .sh- said, ' from the new- ; made grave?.' j 