DRAMATIC GOSSIP, Binni SULLIVAN. j. one death of Mr. Barry Sullivan this week (says the Saturday Review of 9th May) removes from the stage perhaps the last exponent of the old-fashioned school of histrionic art, Mr. Sullivan, like most of his contemporaries of forty years ago, was apt to tear a passion to tatters . . . still, in Shakspearian parts he undoubtedly preserved many important tradi- tions handed down through generations of artists from Better to. Mr. Sullivan, who was born in 1821, made his first appearance in London at the Haymarket in " Hamlet" in 1852. . Barring his Shakspearian parts, his repertoire consisted of pieces which a fin de article audience would most certainly "guy" , " Love's Martyrdom," " The Gamester," "Re- "The Stranger," and "Bolle,'' for instance . . . Our recollection of Mr. Barry Sullivan's Richard III. is pleasant one, although to be sure he made Richard uncommonly and loudly disagreeable, and was totally lacking in that subtlety which is so necessary for the perfect delineation of the part. In the tent scene, in which Richard sees the ghosts, Mr. Barry Sullivan was impressive enough and in the death scene, on the Field of Bosworth, he was terribly intense He could boast that he had played Hamlet 3000 times, and Richard 2500. . . . As a man Mr. Sullivan was an orna- ment to his profession, and he leaves behind him a pleasant memory as a distinguished artist and gentleman. The first of the English critics to recognise the talent of Barry Sullivan was the late Edward Whitty, who at the time was on the staff of a Liverpool newspaper. Years after when poor Whitty was dying in Melbourne one of his most constant and his very kindest visitors was the actor whom long before he had befriended., Whitty was the guest of relatives to whom he was dear and who bestowed upon him every care and attention, but Sullivan would not be satisfied without himself bringing all sorts of delicacies to the dying man. And when the end came it was Sullivan's generous hand which raised to the memory of the gifted journalist the beautiful white marble monu- ment in Kew Cemetery, which bears in letters of gold the dead man's name and the tribute of the grateful artist [ED. Dramatic Gossip.] STAGE Fnianr. t Miss Ellen Terry, continuing her in to. Memories" in the New Review, assures upshot stage fright is like nothing else in the world. " You are standing there apparently quite well, and in your right mind, when you suddenly feel as if your tongue had become dislocated and was lying powerless in your mouth. Cold shivers begin to creep downwards from the nape of your neck and all up you at the same time, until they seem to meet in the small of your back. About this time you feel as if centipede, all of whose feet had been carefully iced, had begun to run about in the roots of your hair. Your next agreeable sensation is the breaking out of a cold perspiration all over you. Then you feel as though somebody had out the muscles at the back of your knees ; your mouth begins slowly to open without giving utterance to a single sound, and your eyes seem inclined to jump out of your head over the footlights. At this period it is as well to get off the stage as quickly as possible you are far beyond the hope of any human help." THE SCARCITY OF GOOD ACTORS. From certain observations recently made by Mr. Thomas Thorne, whose long term of management gives him some claim to consideration, it would appear, remarks St. James's, that in his opinion the supply of really good actors bears at present less proportion to the demand than was the case a score of years back. By way of explanation he points to the increased number of theatres now existing, and the consequent necessity of spreading the available talent over a much larger area than formerly. _ As matter of fact, precisely the same thing was said by William Hazlitt. Referring to the competition between Covent Garden and Drury Lane, Hazlitt wrote in 1820 :-" Even a Junction of the two companies into one would hardly furnish out one set of players competent to do justice to any of the standard productions of the English stage in tragedy or comedy ; what a hopeful project it must be, then, to start a few more playhouses in the heart of the metropolis as nurseries of histrionic talent, still more to divide and dissipate what little concentration of genius we have, and still more to weaken and distract public patronage." What would the same writer have said to-day had he been informed that while new theatres were springing upon all sides never had complaint been more general regarding the over- crowded state of the profession ? After thirty-eight years' experience amongst sheep (writes a northern grazier to the Adelaide Observer) I have come to the conclusion that time is a certain preventive as also a sure cure or sheep suffering from worms of any type. The treatment is simply to put it in the water troughs to a depth of 3in. or 4in. Stir the water occasionally, and replenish the time when exhausted, the sheep having access to no other water. All sheep depasturing in districts where they are likely to be affected with worms should be invariably and wholly watered with water are treated with lime. The above is a very economical and certain cure. The following particulars of the mode of preparing a decoction of gum leaves for the destruction of insect pests has been forwarded to the New South Wales Agricultural Department by Mr. John McCoig, of the State Forest Nursery, Gosford :-" The decoction I tried was made by filling a kerosine tin with fresh succulent gum leaves of any species, but preferably E. globulus or E. piperita, then fill up with water, and boil down until about one and it half or two gallons remain. Of this take one pint to two gallons of water and apply to the infected plants with a large syringe. I used it cold, but intend to try the effect of it when warms I found it effectual this year with a new pest, a beetle which perforated the leaves of vines. In fact, it is omnivorous, as I found it denuded cabbages, potatoes, and pumpkins of all leaves in a neighbour's place. As the beetle is very lively it is best to syringe early in the morning. Mr. Olliffe kindly named the beetle for me. He calls it Arsipoda Macleay i. It did not attack the vines after one good swinging, and I also found that the decoction greatly prevented the attacks of the red cedar moth, as the young plants I syringed kept nearly free, whilst those left without syringing were badly infested. Mr. Olliff kindly named this pest for me also. It is called Epicrocis Firebrace, and its large bore into the points of young shoots. It, however, only attacks cedar, and is not at all likely to attack fruit trees, although it caused me to try the decoction as a remedy. I found on putting the grubs into a phial which had contained eucalyptus extract for the purpose of forwarding them to Mr. Olliff that, although the phial had been washed, the slight trace left in the bottle was sufficient to kill them at once. This, with other things I had noticed, induced me to try the remedy. I have tried the decoction op a small scale for American blight, but, although effective, I have not yet sufficiently proved its efficiency. 'I find it very effective for the green I fly (Aphis made) on roses, and I expect it would be equally effective with the aphis, which is now so bad on the young shoots of peaches. Being cheap and plentiful, it should be easily tried, and if found by others as useful as I have found it, doubtless it will come into general I I use." j 