DIOCESE OF BALLAEAT. (Prom our own Correspondent,)' It was announced, both at theOathednl and St Alipius', on last Sunday, that a retreat for the female branch of tie Confraternity of the Holy Family, tobe given by the Eedemptorist Fathers, will commence in the Cathedral on Sunday, 14th June, and would be continued dut. ing the following week. A retreat for the men's branch will also be given, to commence on the following Sunday, Slit June. It was mentioned that both retreats would be open to all die Catholics of Ballarat and the country districts adjacent, and those who had not yet complied with the Paschal ddty would thus be afforded a favourable opportunity of doing so. I am happy to be able to announce that the Holy Ghost College took a prominent place in the list of honours obtained at the last matriculation examination. In Latin, G. W. Smithtrick (the only candidate in Victoria who tool honours in the subject); in English, H. F. Hill and M. S. Field; and in French, H. F. Hill, were the successful candidates. Three of the Eedemptorist Fathers arrived by the Oroya. One of them, the Eev. Stephen Pidgeon, will remain at the monastery, Ballarat. Fr. Pidgeon, who was educated for the priesthood at die Eedemptorist College, Teignmouth, England, spent two or three years with the Fathers in giving missions in Ireland. The Eev. J. F. Sogers, who has been appointed by his Lordship the Bishop Administrator of St. Alipius', Ballarat East (as the successor or Fr. Boyle), preached his first sermon, since his pro. motion, in this church on Sunday week. There was a large congregation present, who were very much impressed with Fr. Rogers' discourse. . In accordance with a custom which has now become an annual one, the Christian Doctrine Society distributed a number of interesting books to the Catholic boys at the Ballarat Reformatory on last Sunday. The ceremony took place in the large schoolroom. , Through the inadvertence of the - secretary in aot giving him intimation, t$ie Very Eev. Dr. Delany, who always presides on, these occasions, was hot present. The Bishop, who takes a deep interest in the boj>' welfare, would also have been present had his Lordship beea informed tS the distribution that was to take place. A good number of ladies and gentlemen, including Mesdames Hagar, Maher, Sherlock, O'Gonnor, Byrne, M'Carthy, and Messrs. D. Brophy, K C-S.G., Hon. E. Morey, MX.C-, Edward Murphy, M.L.A., J. J. Fitegerald, J.P., S. Brind, J.P. (member ot the'visiting committee), E. M'Nsmght, J.P» (M.7.C4 — Wilson (superintendent), W. H. O'Meara (teacher), H. Elismore, W. Hayden, — Eyan, J. Pratt, etc,, etc* were present. The chair was taken hy Mr. EUsmore (secretary Of the Christian Doctrine Society), who apologised-for the absence of Dr. Delany. After addressing a few words of encouragement to the boys, he distributed the prixe*, which consisted of a number of populsr and interesting Catholic books wMj Wi -been carefully selected, s spebipl wto being given by Mr. 22UsmOre to v thfc TCst conducted boy. At this stage of the proceedings, Mr. D. Brophy, who had been detained on importxat burines* entered the room. Mr. Ellamci«,.hsvine vacated the cbwr, Mr. Brophy, waj voted thereto. The chairman actnowledged the honour that had been cohferrra 'sptn -him'in asking him to preside on an interesting occasion, and expressed pleasure he felt in doing so. He was pleased to notice the bright «nd cheerful appearance of the boys. It should «&rd; them great encouragement to wiitses* tiie presence that day of so many^kad fruteds, several of thean not beloaging to their denommation—m«i hdldtng highest positions. Ho referred'* the Hon. Mr. Morey, MJLO, Mr. S. Jfurahy, MJ., Mr. Srind,. Mr. M'Baiuht, and others. They «bfl*U lilso fedjgrateful to load teachers bt the Christian Doctrine Booiety, hid gaeroualy provided ^lMi witii die prises, and who instructed themintfe €teistia» -doctrine *>rmy Sim^y. -ft* <M*. B«phy) vriimn tam**, hereafter attain to Mid Mfil with credit to themselves. He knew of several lads who had been in this institution who were now doing well, and hadbecome good, respectable citizens. One of them had been raised to the position of magistrate. They seed never look back with the glightest degree of Bhame athavingbeen in'this plate; they were only youngsters who, through the waywardness of youth, had committed some slight fault, and this, perhaps might be traced to neglect in their bringing up. After acknowledging the fcinaness of Mr. Ellsmore in inviting him tote present, Mr. Brophy called upon Sir. H. Brind, who said, as one of the members of the visiting committee of this institution, he often came up here. He was much pleased to be present on such an eventful occasion. For the last three years he had been obliged to be absent from their distributions, bat he would promise that this would not occur for the future. The boys had his warmest sympathy. ^ When they considered that their welfare was thus looked after by the outside publio, it should be a stimulus to them to *'go ahead." The committee of this institution wanted them to " go ahead." Seventy years ago many a public school would fall far short of the advantages that were secured to them here, where they were receiving an education which would prepare them for the "different walks of life. In this school they had the advantages of receiving a secular and religious education. And here he might remark that education without religion was not worth a " dump." The boys need never look back with any unpleasant feeling at their having been in this institution. Any fault they might have committed was entirely due to. their environment, and he himself and others might have been placed in a similar position if their environment had been the Bame. He might mention, as showing the estimation in which the boys educated at this institution are held, that the Visiting Committee had just received an application for a boy from % man in comfortable circum- stances, who had himself been formerly in the institution. He was glad to inform them that 147 boys who had formerly been in the "Beformatory had obtained good situations, ahd that there were 78 bovs at-present there. He denied to acknowledge the services rendered by Miss Sherlock in playing the harmonium, and also Mr. jByan and- the other gentlemen who devoted their Sunday afternoons to instructing the boys. After paying a high "compliment to the valuable services rendered by the late superintendent, Mr. Connor, and mentioning that they had a worthy successor bMr.Wilson, the present superintendent, wjio-enjoyed <an unspotted record of 31 years, ana who he felt sure would follow in Mr. Connor's footsteps, Mr. Brind resumed his seat. • The Hon. E. Morey, M.L.C., said he was pleased to see the great care that hail been bpstoRed on the boys,, and he felt euro jfthey carried out in afterlife what tibey hadbeen -taught in this institution, «tid be obedient and loving, to tljeir ; masters, they would succeed. He endowed all Mr. Brind had Baid in reference ,to the {necessity of oombining religious with secular instruction. , lb. Edward Murphy, M.P., expressed the pleasure he .felt at being present : , Mr. J. J.Fitagerald, J.P., in proposing avote ofthanks to the officers, referred to the valuable services of Mr. Wilson, the superintendent, and Mr. O'Meara, the teacher. , . Mr., E. Naught, J.P., trusted the boys would carry out the good advice which they, received in the institution. Messrs. Wilson and Connor having briefly returned thanks, the proceedings terminated by a cordial vote of thanks to the chairman. I may mention that there are only 17 Catholic boys in the institution, whereas there weep over 40 twelve months ago. PUKSBNTATIOH TO THB EKV. D. X. HABBtNOTON. A very pleaaont social function took placp fa,St. Mary's Boman Catholio school, Ararat, on the 5th infit, when a number of the leading members of the Church assembled to take formal leave of $he Bev. .Fr. Harrington, who was recently removed from thiB parish to the more important district of Ballarat East About 40 gentlemen sat down to a tastefoTlight repaat; Mr. H. B. CairoU, prfirideat fjf "hire, being called to the chair. The chairman intimated that the first daty ffce,had to perform, or, pertos. Wii* to thSakJ?r. Harrington for his kind- Benm accepting their invitation to be jpment Aat evening, and alsd to tniec, lun n> rariw^ welcome. When t wo or three weeks ago it was learned that the Bishop of Ballarat had determined to take Fr. Harrington to fcimadL they decline^ to believe the mSS. Qua noting but regrets were expressed on all sides that the, rev. gentleman was about to sever his connection with this pariah. All acknowledged willingly the well-directed and very'successful efforts of Fr. Harrington during his sojourn here, in all matters appertaining to the Church, and fully recognised his many sterling qualities as a priest and a .gentleman. This sentiment they were desirous of conveying to Fr. Harrington in a formal way, and of testifying in a substantial and practical manner to their high esteem and affectionate regard for him, by asking him "to accept a testimonial, which, when he looked at it in years to come, would bring back to his memory the days he spent-here and the many warm friends he won in the Ararat mission. He called upon Mr. George Everard to read an address prepared for presentation. The address, which was printed on white satin and enclosed in a massive gift frame, is as follows :—• To THE fiE7. D. K. HaBBINGION. Rev. Father,—On behalf of the Catholics comprised within the Ararat mission, amongst whom you have laboured for nearly two years past, and of many non-Catholics, who are also proud to be numbered amongst your friends, let us make manifest to you, reverend sir, the deep sorrow we feel at the loss we have sustained by your removal from amongst us. We but echo the feelings and sentiments of all your people in this district, when we express a hope that in leaving us to take your place in the more important mission of Ballarat East, you are obtaining a well-deserved promotion. Tour labours amongst us as a clergyman have been characterised by an ardent zeal for the spiritual advancement of your people, and your teaching and example have been worthy of oar holy religion, and, we venture to say, have been prodnotive of many lasting benefits to the members of the church. To you, the Confraternity of the Bacred Heart, is indebted for the firm basis on whioh it at present stands, for the zeal in the practice of our holy religion whioh the members evince; and to you is it, along with the rest of the congregation, indebted for many instructive, interesting and scholarly discourses. As a friend you have been kind, warm-hearted, and courteous to all, and you have been pleased to use your best endeavours to foster the sooial intercourse of the community; and to you, in a great measure, the infant branch of the Hibernian Society at Ararat owes its origin. That you have merited the respect, esteem, and reverence of every Catholic in the district is marked and assured by the ebullitions of sorrow and expressions of regret which have _ been apparent on every aide sincp the notice of your departure has been made known. As a small token of that respect-, esteem, and reveretioe etertained for you by your people, nd indeed by allofhers outside the Catholic ommunity with whom you have come in conact, we beg of you to accept the accompanying ift—a watch; and whilst time flies and bears, s all on with it to the endless Ages, of ternity, the 6ight of this small, tribute will emind you of a time well spent amongst the eople of Ararat, and the chain attabhed will ver tell you that you are still linked to them in a bond of affection and esteem proeeding from the heart.—We remain, Bev, Father, faithfully yours, H. B. Carbom., J. J. itzgerald, T. Cx. Grano, Willm! Mam ny, . W. H. Grano, T. Tobin, W. S. Damns, J. usseu.; C. DwsEB.Elmhorat; C. Meagher, edbank; J. Donnbu.?, Landsborough; J. itzgerald, MoonambeL—Ararat, 5th June, 891.—Geo. Evebabd, hon. secretary. The chairman next called upon Mjf. T. . Grano to make the presentation. Mr. rano said he bad much pleasure, op ehalf of his friends in the mission, in resenting Fr. Harrington with a watoh and chain; and, as was said in the address,- the chain would serve to link him to them with bonds of affection and remind , him of the good friends he left behind him at Ararat (Applause.) The watch was a very handsome and valuable gold hunter, having the monogram D.K.H. on the outer case, and the following inscription on the dome:— " Presented to the Bev. D. K. Harrington by his friends of the Ararat Mission, 5th June, 1891." The chain was a massive gold albert of a chaste and neat pattern. ; The chairman then called upon Mr. T. Tobin, who said he had much pleasure in being the medium of presenting Fr. Harrington with a small token in the form of a purse of sovereigns. He hoped IV. Harrington would accept their gift ps some proof of their sincerity. , Harrington, who, on rising to respond, received quite ah ovation, said that this was one of the occasions in a man's life when his heart was filled with feelings which no words were capable of expressing. The cordiality of the recep- ion he had received on returning by heir invitation to the town surpassed nything he could have expected, and it as certainly far and away beyond nything he had ever merited. The land ords of the address just zead, anl .the unificent gift of a gold watohand hain and the purse of sovereigns with hich the address was accompanied, ere to him a consolation, hut also at the amo time & reproach. A consolation to eceive this fresh proof of jkmd-hytedces of the people of the mission, awegfi,' indeed, as far as he was concerned, no further proof of that wafcrequired. hey were also a great reproach to him, for they told him rather what he ought to have been than what he was. He could not but feel very keenly how little he had done to deserve this mani- 1 festation of friendship, and most heartily, did he thank thetn, and, through this meeting, the people of the congregation,' as well as his distant friends at Londsborongh, Bedbank, Moonambel, 1 MoyBton, Boss* Bridge and Elmhurst, for their great kindness. He also took the opportunity of thankng his kind friends of other denominations who had so generously and unexpectedly helped to make the testimonial so great a success. The watch, as their address so beautifully put it, would always serve to remind him of his stay amongst them; and the golden hands, as they registered the flight of hours, though they would remind him that he was drifting on through life and further away from the happy days Spent in Ararat, would also inspire him with the hope that they were all drawing closer to a meeting in another and a' happier land where they would all be united to part no more. (Applause.) The Ararat Advertiser, from which the above is condensed, adds that the people of Beaufort, acting independently of Ararat, have invited Fr. Harrington to visit that place, and they purpose presenting him with a purse of sovereigns in token of their respect and esteem. 