Cycling. By " rzdils." Since the appearance of the handicap for tbe M.B.C. Autumn meeting a great amount of talking- and as much writing, has taken place orcr Mr. Spicer'6 latest effort Tbe ball was set rolling by Tom Busst, who complained in the papers of tho long handicaps given from bim, and he instanced notably tho cases of bis brother Jim and Howard Lewie, who are given 70 and 80 yards from him in two miles, and who, he declared, are his equals, if not his superiors, on tho wheel. This letter brought forth a host of answers, and in nearly every instance the writers held with Mr. Spicer in keeping the men a respectful dis tance away from the champion. For my own part, I think there is something to bio caid Doth for and against Mr. Spicer in his new departure. I have always hold of late that tho men were not receiving sufficient handi caps from the ohampion, and on that ac count am pleased to aee the starts leng thened out a bit. But while I agree with the handicapper in the starts he has awarded to the bulk of the men, I think that Tom Boast can hardly bo blamed for finding fault with the start given to two such sterling riders as his brother and Howard Lewis. Previously these ridors figured about tho 40yds mark, and in that position vfare an in finite help to tbe champion, who in his first lap would generally sprint to them and utilise them as pace-makers. Now they have about double the start, and on such & mark Tom BusBt, in my opinion, oan never catch them in a true- run race. First, they are too far away from him to be made use of an pace maker ; and secondly, Jim Busst and Howard Lewis are now so close up to the dangerous division that they have plenty of pace-makers themselves, and, consequently, their speed will be mnoh faster, as every rider who has had any expericnco knows, than when they were closer to the scratch man and further away from the nearest men in front of them. This is tho principal fault to be found with the handicapping. The two men named should have boon brought back about lUtoon or twenty yards each. After all, Tom Busst might hare let tho handicapper down li;;htly, for he has had a very fair inning — <M:ridor- ably over £300 in cash eihco last November in stakes alone, a portion of which, nL any rate, has been won through the lc;.icncy ahown him by Mr. Spicer, who, apparent ly , has only been reckoning him a head, ins Lend of head and shoulders, above all other wheel men in Australia. The Autumn meeting of tho Melbourne .Club commence next Saturday on the Mel bourne Cricket Ground. The liest entrA ou record for on autumn meeting have been received, and as the names inoludc the premier wheelmen in Australia, and as the capper's efforts have given more 6otiHfr...g;on than is generally the case, some fast and veil ing races may be expected. Thn principal over.t is the H.B.C. Plato, of two mile, for which 47 riders have entered. The Three-mile Safety Championship of Australia is also down for decision, ana should prove an interesting event. Tho Novice Race, Safety Race, and Second Class have also filled splendidly, and the meeting, altogether, should be quite equal to anything yet given by the M.B.C. at tho fell of the year. One of England's safety cracks — G, E. Mordes , who, tt is eaid, ran a good second to Jones, tho world's record smasher, in a half mile handicap, off the 25yds mark, in lmin 6 l5th sec — was a competitor at the Southern District United Friendly Societies' foto on Saturday. He started off scratch with Tom Busst, but ha hadn't the ghost of a show with the A astral winner, who eoon loft him the lougth of a street behind. It is only fair to state, however, that the Englishman has been but a week off the boat, and that he rode a 401b cushion-tyred machine borrowed on tho S round. There is np doubt that, in condition, orden is a good 'un, and b»6 meeting with our cracks in the spring will be looked forward to with interest. A couple of races were run at the Southern District United Friendly Societies' feieat the St. Kilda Cricket Ground on Saturday. The two-mile event brought ont a splendid field of twenty-two starters, and the race was in teresting right throngh. As nana, Tom Boast oame with a splendid ran in the last lap, and though be was blocked for fifty yards when about 250 yards from home, he managed to get ont and win comfortably. Summer- bayes, 150yds, was seoond, and Jim Busst, 30yds, not six inches away, third. Time, Smin 37 3-5th sec. A couple of laps from home there was a general smash-up. Fleming, M'Donald, Noonhaffer, Robinson, and Lenno came down, but, fortunately, no one was seriously hurt. There worn seventeen starters in the' Mile Safety Race, tho winner turning up in Adams, 135yds ; Day, 145yds, was seoond, and A. Turner, 120yds, third. Time,, Smin 45 2-5 th sec. Tom Busst would havv got( second from scratch had he not been accidentally forced to the fence when be was coming very fast about fifty yards from home, and through which his feet were forced off the pedals. Cyclist® will regret to hear that Bob Craw ford, the well-known Southern District rider, and ex-holder of the 100 miles record of Aus tralia, is vera seriously iU with congestion of the lungs. . Ail wbo know bim will join with mo in wishing him a speedy recovery. Tom Boast is o dissatisfied with , the handicapping for the M3.C. meeting that he has ordered his name to bo track off for all event— -Championships included. Should he pendst in his determination the public will be disappointed, while at the aamo time it will makn tho (urnpirmthlps exceedingly An JcfFort fa -being mado to form a limited cotqpany of racing men tqr the purpose of hold- OODpuy. Intending oompetiton in the Victories Cjclinte' Union mud mot on the JHh May, adetkhiKM to ellteiw Jide nmnteim, ure reminded But entrie. doee at Elliot'.'e , Hotel on Batsrdtr ermine next. ' TheefcaBaeBewrfthe Sabnrben B.G assstfv andPendelbttiy, both wegknown patrons of cycling. ' The course, which was over the local roads, wu estimated as being 15 miles or thereabouts, and the contest, which was of tho usual spin tod nature characterising the ; " sabs.," reunited in a .2. for WhiWeld, who. rode 'a euahioned-fyrea Rapla' tnacmihe; and started off the 8 minute' mark, his time being lhr 27aeo, Probart, who was reckoned the "dead bird," finishing second, while Seward ran third. A remarkable feature in the last named rider's performance was that there wesa difference of 9, 4, and S seconds between his respective laps. 