A 3IUJRDER ON THE EVE OE ST. >!JOHN. : v . i Ghosh Story. Theriiis ah: excellent! ghost story quite of the'first class?in tKa July^humber of Blackwood. It is called the""Eve of St. John in a Deserted Chalet." and is told | -byJ rank Co wperL as. a - mar vello us - ex-_ perience thro ugh"which lie passed on a I little plateau quite hidden from the' Lake .of Geneva,. but .sufficiently.: near to be -visible from the hotel ;of Territet.! .If" it" be a gehiiirie experience, and not merely spun from the imagination of the writer, in which case, of course, it would lose all interest, it is impossible to deny that Sir Cowper is right in saying, 'f it seemed as easy to explain it as a spiritual ■ mani festation as to believe in so marvellously circumstantial a dream." The- story is briefly as follows:—High in the hills around Lake Geneva, • Frank Cowper, belated, found himself at midnight be side a ruined chalet, on the Eve of St. John. Cold, weaiy, and faint from loss of blood by a. fail; he sought refuge within. There was a ; dunk, horrible smell inside the chalet, and the light which he had seen in the window as he entered disappeared.--' Groping in. the j darkness his foot kicked against a bundle which he took to be a bundle of sticks or twigs. He sat down upon it and the ! twigs, or what he thought to be twigs, cracked and broke under his weight. Just ■ ■ as he was " nodding off to sleep something • cold; grasped his hand and held it cold as ice " Alow, unearthly, far-away laugh so full of blood-curdling, : heartless, cruel, mocldng devilry, such as I never heard ■before, and I hope never to hear again, broke thedead silence. At the same'time a ■ shadow seemed to pass between me and | the pale light which marked the other window.*' As he sat therewith his hand . fast as with paralysis, the twigs in the sack on which he was sitting crackled | when lie moved, and a pale phosphores cent glow,-which he had noticed on en tering the chalet, seemed brighter over | the sack than elsewhere. ■ There ■ was. a great tub in the .corner of a kind] which lie had never seen before.' He looked closer • at the sack, and noticed what : looked •" like three long twigs lying almost across it lie looked closer'still, and to his horror, he saw they'were the emaciated lingers of what was almost a skeleton. Spring ing up in horror,his foot kicked the sack, and the skull rolled out on the floor. But there was worse to follow: —" I started up, and would have rushed from the hut . . • .= . • " Good heavens;• what is that? I gasped, as, instead of stopping forward, I shrank.back in greater horror. A figure was entering the hut. A winzied de crepit figure staggering under :i heavy load. It made no sound as it came in. I could not see its face. The load on its back seemed to lie alive. It stirred and writhed its it lay across the shoulders of its bearer. The figure came close to me. As it stepped over the sack the same horrible, blood-curdling, cruel low laugh or chuckle grated on the silence. It paused and looked up. Can any words describe that face; the expres sion, I wonder ? Malignant, gratified hate; the cruel smile of a dangerous luna tic, cunning and diabolical; the ferocity of a brutal murderer, were all in : that awful face. The face of a man long dead, grinning, dry, black, and repulsive, like the mummies in the nuiVijitu of the Hos pice of St. Bernard. -; The figure passed on. It went towards the huge tub iu the corner. The burden still convulsively writhed at intervals. I now noticed, for the first time, that a vapour seemed to curl up and float over the great caldron. The figure, with its still feebly moving burden, had reached the corner. Silently it came up to the tub. The burden twitched convulsively. There was a heave. The-vapour seemed suddenly agitated, and the figure remained alone, intently watching the interior of the tub. The vibrating of the huge vessel, and the twisting vapour told of sow fright ful contortions within. But all w:is silent sis the grave. I could stand it no longer. I rushed to the door. Notwithstanding this terrible ex perience Mr Cowper managed- to return to the chalet and go to sleep, which says a great deal for the strength of his nerves. "When he awoke he remembered what he had seen, as if in , a horrible dream, butiu the light of day he saw the ghastly hands and the grinning skull. He went to examine the gigantic wooden vessel, and in it he found another skeleton. The head had fallen off, and was lying at the side of a heap of I mouldering bones. He hurried down to the lake uud> came upon two peasants who upon hearing that he had passed the night in the clmlet asked him if he | had seen a ghost. He asked them why the chalet was left neglected. They told I him that it had once belonged to a fairly well-to-do peasant "The husband's life was wretched. The | doiiain'cr was young, big, brutal. The husband was small, old, cunning. It was j when the cattle had gono to the moun tains. There was a very good path up I there then. Pierroch and his wife had | gone up to their chalet with their cows. It was just such a night as liist night, and it was—why, it is the Feast of St. John to-day ! and the two peasants looked at each other and nodded signi fieautly. The doituiu'cr was seen climb ing the mountain path. He never was seen again. Nor were Pierroch or. his wife ever heard of after. The chalet was visited a week later, -but nothing was found. The huge tub was full of water as usual. For there was no water up there, and that made the pasture less useful than it would have been. All the water for the cattle had to be accumu lated iu that large tub, either from the snow or the rain. All was in fairly good order. A sackful of hay lay on the floor of the stall. The few co ws Pierroch pos sessed had all disappeared, and the door stood wide open. Nothing more was ever heard of any one of the three. Since then the place bore an evil name. It was called the 1 llcvenants,' and no one ever went there now. Only on Sc. John's Eve a light -was always seen." Clearly Mr Frank Co wper should im mediately place himself ■ in communica- j lion with the Society for Psychical Research, and if there be any truth iu his narrative a picked body of psychical researchers should spend the Eve of St. John in that ruined chfilet. 