BREVITIES. From tbe latest English files to hand we take tbe following interestlngltem?: — Princess Christian, to enonurage the home iudustry, Is having tbesllk required for tbe wediiiugtroussesu of ber daughter woven In Spitalflelda. Princess Louise completed her forly tbird year on March 18. One of tbe Queen's granddaughters, wife of a Russian Grand Duke, has been admitted into tbe Greek Cliurah. She bad been brought up In the Lutheran faltb. Seventy years ago Mr. Gladstone was a schoolboy at Eton, and there he re cently lectured on Homer Surgeon Pitke, who H-i'veil in Mr. Stanley's expedition, has been appointed a Vice Consul In the Oil Rivers Protec torate, Mr. Astor, tbe American millionaire, has taken a house In West Loudon at a rental of £5000 a year, It has transpired that wben bis sou was married recently In America the bridegroom omitted to say, ' With all my worldly goods I tbee endow.' The omission has been much commented on by the friends of the bride. A ladv in T.nnrinn has formed a loan stud for cabmen. Her pIbo is to blre horses to cabmen aud others wboBe animals bave either or Bre in need of reBt. A summons was issued at Horsham against Lord Lonsdale for furious driving during hiB reoent coaching feat. An electrical exhibition waB opened In St. Paucras, organised by the VeBtry, who are about to supply the parish wltb tbe electric light. Mains will be laid along tbe principal streets. The price of the supply of electricity has beeu fixed at 61 per Board of Trade unit, correspond ing to about one-third of Id per sixteen candle-power lamp per hour. The Duke of St Albacs, like bis ances tors, received £965 a year for being known as Hereditary Graud falconer, which bas been a sinecure ever since hawkiug ceased to be the pastime of uionarchs. Tbe Duke has just commuted tbie handsome pension, receiving from the Government its mouev value in full. Tbe World's Fair at Chicago is to be opened by a descendant of Columbus Lord Tennyson, being asked for a song to commemorate tbe 500th anniversary of i tbe discovery of America, replied, ' I am an old man verging on 82, and cannot promise.' At a fancy dress ball which took place ac Covent-garden Theatre, prizes consist ing of diamonds and stiver plate, were given for the most striking costumes. An exhibition of implemects, materials, and appliances connected witb the print ing process aud Its allied handicrafts, was opened at the Agriciiliural Hall. Isling ton. Money prizes, medals, and diplomas were given for fine Interprets priming, tbe wording is thus summed up ' The art preservative of all arts is now rapidly becoming a fine art. Ttn^e who are leading io this forward movement de serve to be marked as public benefactors.'' Tbe Hackney members of the School Boatd are about to establish a Juvenile Labour Butean for the purpose of assist ing to secure situations for boys and girls on lenviug school wltb good characters. The unpaid Justices in Hackney bave dt cided to form a separate court to hear School Board summonses, as tbey con sider parents of school children ought not to be compelled to attend an ordinary court with its surround! 'igs of crime and ebame. The card scandal case may be heard before Whitsuntide. It will be vigorously fought out. Tbe Prince of Wales is ex pected to give evidence. The leading counsel for tbe defence are Sir Charles Russell and Mr. Asquith. Tbe site of the Duke of Wellington's Riding School, Knightsbridge, an area of 16.900 squars feet, and faolug Hyde Park, was sold by auction, and fetched £60.000. A Melbourne firm has patented an in vention for closing carriage doors with out slamming tbem. The wear and tear of nerves wbile travelling on lines iu I London is said te be largely due to the slamming of carriage doors It Is proposed, if permitted, to intro duce Into tbe Lnudin streets tbe steam- j carriages which bave proved a success ia Paris. They are eaid to be more under tbe control of the driver than Is a horse. Buffalo Bill is bringing another Wild WeBt Show to England, and bis troupe will include some recently hostile Sioux chiefs. London is to hive tts Central Railway from tbe western suburbs beneath Ox ford street to tbe city. Workmen's traiuB will run any distance up to six miles for one penny. Tbe proposed KensiDgtoo Gardens Bub way Bill lias beeu shelved for a year at least. A bill to permit tbe South London Electric 'Railway to be carried on tol Islington lias been thrown out. The Nottingham, Leicester, and Shef- ! field Railway Bill bas passed a second reading, but a committee will consider whether St. Jobn's-wood is tbe best locality for tbe terminUB. Edinburgh is up in armB agalnBt tbe proposal -o permit a railway company to tunnel Princes- street. A bill before tbe House seeks to psrmit any householder to require an organ grinder, or tbe player of any other in strument, to tuove from tbe front of bis dwelling, and to refrain from again per forming within a quarter of a mile. At tbe Hospital for Diseases of tbe Skin in Leicester-square, Dr. Koch's lympb was experimented witb in the presence of 100 doctors, in the trealmeut of lupus patients witb satisfactory results. Dr. Kocb, who bas been making b tour in Egypt, advises the building of bungalows at Thebes for consumptive patients, as be considers tbe climate there moat benefi cial to sufferers from lung affections. Tbe manufacture of rubles proceeds nnnno unri nnrnhBAAM fit nrAnlnna atnnaa are aiarmed leBt tbey bejome possessed of artificial gems. Diamonds bave been produoed artificially, but not of tbe re quired hardness. At Stevenage a male visitor, charged by a husband witb assaulting bis wife by kissing ber in ber own bouse, was fined £5 and costs, or three months' Imprison ment. Not having been Bhle to secure Stisk speare's house, Milton's cottage, or Temple Bar for Amerloan consumption, our enterprising Yankee cousins bad their eyes no John Bunyan's cottage at Eietove. A Chicago pbyslolan commis sioned a Bedford gentleman to purchase the cottage for transport to the World's Fair Id what some Americans call Hogo polls. Tbe negotiations, It is eoarcely necessary to state, were not successful. At Chester, B widower aged 77, who had been three times married, was aued by a twice widowed lady, aged 60, for breach of promise. Sbe was awarded £50 Tbe defendant obanged bis mind on hiB wedding morn. English Judges declared that tbe dishurners of cattle were guilty of oruelty. Five Judges sitting in Edinburgh have reversed the decision. They regard tbe dishorning of cattle as necessary in tbe Interests of tbe animals themselves. Two women and a man were admitted to a hospital Id Dublin suffering from woundB wbicb tbey alleged bad been In flicted by ' ghosts.' The Home Secretary Ib being urged to remit a sentence of 14 years' penal servi tude passed in 1888 upon* barman for ?teallng a small quantity of vine and brandy valued at 2i 8d, A mnn 'f Independent means was sent to gam (oi two moulbs for makiugaltera tions in the Htrlelan manuscripts at tbe British Museum, thus rendering tbem useless. These documents were need as evidence of pedigree In the House ol Lords and were priceless. A eentenco of 10 days' Imprisonment wltb bard labour, to be followed by tbree years In a reformatory, waa passed by the Bewdly magistrates upon a girl aged 14, couvic ed of stealing four monthly parts of a magbzlue. Tbe accused pleaded that she only borrowed the books to read. The passing of such a severe sentence led io great uproar In Court. Ultimately the magistrates called baclt the girl, retried Ihicase, reversed their fnrtuer deoielon, and ntmply bound the girl over lo came up for Judgement when called upon. A man lius recently Blurted from Paris who is pledged to muke thejouruey to Moscow iin stilts. IU HUH UBy aw ^UIIIHHK IPIIUim nuu robbers were beheaded in the proviuce of Kwautuug. I The British sleamer Utopia, with over 800 Italian emigrants ou hoard, sank off Gibraltar after being in collision with a British Ironclad. It wbb feared that nearly 600 persons, mostly women and children, perished. Tbe obituary for tbe week ending March 19, includes:— Sir Joseph Bazal gette, who was chief engineer of the Metropolitan Board of Works, aged 72; Mr. Dick Peddle, ex-M.P. for Kilmar nock, a well-known Free Cburcbman, and leader of tbe Disestablishment party, aged 67; Mr. M'Douald, M.P. for North Sligo ; Mr, William Forties, father of the Scottish Bar, In bla 88th year; Mr. B-'ck, agent of the Prince of Wel-e at Hand rlngliam ; Mr. Heury Pratt, of Brigiilou, a well-known BBtrouomer ; M. Th6idore de Banvilie, the French poet ; Dr. Wind tborst, leader of the Clerical party iu the German RelchBtag ; Prince Napoleon, nephew of Bonaparte, and cousin nf tbe late Emperor ; Princess Marianne Bona parte, aged 80, onc6 a great beauty, who after being separated from ber husband, Priuce Lucien Bonaparte, acted as custo dian of the bouse at Ajaccio wbere Napoleon waa born. She received a small peceiou from tbe ex- EmpreBs Eugenie, and eked out ber iiviug by showing etrangers over tbe bouse. 