IRoveltst. A LIFE AT STAKE. : By MRS- HARRIET LEWIS, ! j' - ([| . ' ? Author of 'The House of Secrets ,' ' Vivian ..... . Thome' 'i The Ilciress of Egremont,' ' The False Ht ;ir,' &e.;, &e.; ? 0-«fc ? : ? . ? ? : CHAPTER XIV. — (Oonxinoed.) j - : :ti '.Well, well,' rejoined Tbbrwell, with a ?v ..'. Blight impatienoe in his tone; ' I'll write out '^vibe.aBneuftit fo* you. .? You oan sond!your ? . boy for it somo evening, for it won't do for '(.ina to be Been too much at' tho Dare Arms, wW or. for -you to bo soon horo until after tho i|?&jXwe4dirig.;' If there ahoold bo any miBhap, l%#Qpltnow, it would bo as wall to provo that ,£S^#.W0',hava:seea nothing-o'.eaeh olhwpind'coip : C^'^'-Seqnently cannot have been ongaged in a JX-Sriohspiraoy.'.' ' ? Then we'll make out tho agreement to night. I've got b dark lantern here under ..- my ooat, and paper, pan, and ink in my pooket.' _ With increasing impatienco Therwell ob .... jeoted to this proposition, declaring that iho . light might bo Been from tho miuBion. 'Then wo'll go to the bottom of tho garden,' Baid tho. innkeeper, doggedly 'There's a summorhouse there as tight an a drum, with ourtains to the windows and ? a look to tho door. I'vo been thero often, in tho days when I was valet to Sir Allvu'n father.' ?. After a minute's delay Therwell acceded to the request ; tho two men quitted tho . bower, and aet out for tha summer-house. Mrs. Amry muttered when tha Bound of thoir footateps had died away : . j ' Thoy'U got what thoy deserve somo day, ' I don't doubt.' , ??? 'How oamo you here?' whispered lido, I changing her position, whioh had become | tiresome, 'I waa looking from my window and sow I Therwell on tho lawn in front, acting as if I ha ware waiting for someone, mice, and, | thinking he might not mean any good, I slipped downstairs and followed him into tho garden. They had been talking half an hour when you oamo. Did you eee them too, miBB ?' ' No, and but for your warning I should have walked directly into their presence,' said Ildo. 'It was a strango providence that you should have saved mo from such disaster,' ? ' I may yet save you from a greater grief than that, Miss Dare,' responded tho woman, significantly. ' Your kindness to me, a poor wayfarer, will yet return in bleesings upon your own head, I cannot toll you more now —I hava not time; but I prophesy that you will never marry Therwell.' ' I never will if I oon help it.' 'But I can and will prevent it, Hi'bs Dara,' deolared Mra. Amry, energetically. ' Withone wave of my hand I could dispel the olouds that now envelopo your pathway, but I am not sure that I oould restore your lather's peaco of mind.' ' I oould not bo happy if papa wero miser able, said lido, plaintively. ' I should have said that with ono wave of my hand I oould prevont this marriage,' amended tho womBn. 'I think I oould make Therwell rolease your father, too ; but , if he haa proofs of aught against him I must wait and see. Ono week mora — wait with hope and patienoe for a singlo week, Miss Dare.' 'Yon hava thon Been Therwell before, Mrs. Amry 7' questioned the baronet's daughter. ' Seen him 1' oried the woman, in a voioe ot passionate energy, through whioh ran a wailing undertone. 'But for him', Miss Dare, 1 should have been tho proudest and happioBt woman in tho world to night. Ho was a deadly Berpent who crossed my nath way, only to blast aud destroy my penoo of mind. I vowed that I would havo rovonge. For yearal havo Bought him, and Bought in vain. I oamo hero discouraged, worn -out, deapairing. You gave me food and shelter, nnd hero I stumbled upon him by aooident. If yon had sent mo away,' and her voice was full of imprdssiveness, ' I should not havo found him, and you would have been doomed to a bitter, bittor, bitter life with him I' I Ilde drew nearer to tho woman, looking at ? her with n faoo full of passionate eagerness, ns might be Been in tho Bubdued starlight. It seemed to the girl as if her prayerB had been ? answered. She had desired to meet with 1 Bomeona to whom the past life of Therwell was fully kuown, and a ory of joy arose to her lips as aho felt that eho had found that oua in the woman she had fed and sheltered . 'You know Therwell, then?' aho said. 'Do yon know of anything in hie life whioh ho would Bbrink from exposing? Has he over broken any of tho laws of tho oountry ? Tell me, dear Mrs. Amry, that I may have soma weapon with whioh to defend myself against him.' 'Leave all to me, Miss Dare,' said tho woman, arising, nnd standing erect, 11 1 cannot tell you now what you ask, but rest nsBUred that you shall nover bo his wifo, I will defend you.' She Bpoke with auch force of manner that Ilde felt compelled to have faith in her. The woman looked at her thoughtfully, regarding her attire, and tho rippling waves of hair that surrounded her throat, looking ? now like a light and dusky mass, and said; 'I beg yonr pardon, Mies Dare, but the hour is very late. You aro drcseed for riding. Burely you aro not bo wild aa to think of abandoning your home?' 'Oh, no, indeed 1' rosponded Ilde. Thon, with an irresistible impulse to oonfido in this singular woman, who had promised to rflflouo her from tha impending marriage, she added, in a whisper, ' I am going, with my .j lather's consent, and well attended, to soaroh for tho written compact of which Therwell Enokol' '? You aro going to his placo called Oak shnw ?' lido assented. Tho woman reflected a moment, nnd then said: 'Sou aro right, Miss Dare. Tho paper must bo found nnd destroyed. With that out of tho way, your father may bo Bavcil If I know what was in that paper, I might bo able ? Still, if tho dooument bo _ what I BUBpeot, it ought not to bo in oxlstonoo. Go, Miss Dare, nnd may Heaven prosper you errand. Go, before i.uuuu men roturn this way.' Thoro wero many queBtionB whioh Ildo longed to ask, but Mrs. Amry's last words deoidod her to depart upon her errand at onoo. Resolving to gain tho confidenoo ol this woman on her return, she pressed hot hand, said a few words of thanks, and turned; to go. ' _ ' Stop 1' said Mrs, Amry, aB tho girls stood in tho arohod opening of tbe dell, ' Mies Dare, Thorwell once possessed a Bmall square mahogany bos in whioh he kept hiB private papers. It was n valuable ono, inlaid with ft gold wreath on tho top, and ho prized it very highly. It had a false bottom, whioh opened by proseing ono of the gold leaves in the front. If that box be at Oaksbaw, it has this papor concealed in it. I havo hoard him Bay that it waB tho most Beouro place that oould bo devised for tho oonooalment of any thin K of valun. T.nnfc inr it.' With this parting injunction she again begged themaidenBto hasten their departure before tho roturn of Therwell. They oboyod her, hurrying away under tho shadow of the shrubs and bushos to the appointed rendezvous. It was a brief walk, made eventful by several alarms, Miss Arsdola fancying thnt -Therwell waa following them, or thnt Bhct heard the two men's footsteps j but Ildo en couraged and reassured her, and they at length roaehed thoir destination in safety. At the door of the stable-yard, n neatly paved court, thoy found Jarmin, the groom in whom Ildo had oonfided, and who was to accompany them. _Ho waa an honoBt-faood, gray-haired man whose duty it had always been, sincc her earliest ohildhood, to attend upon his young mistress in her riding excursions. Ab Ilde had eaid, ho waa devoted other; but oven Ilde did not know with what alavo-like fidelity the old groom olung to tho houso and name of Dare, or with what worshipping reverence ho regarded tha lovely young heiresa of its fame and fortunes. Ho came forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said : ' If you please, Miss lido, I thought I saw a oouple of men-servants moBt like — prowling around in the gardens a little while ago, and, as the journey was to be secret, I mado bold to tako tho horaes round to tho park, knowing that you al'voyu havo tho keys to tho park gates.' . ' You'havo dono well, .Jarmin,' said his ypviti j mistrecs. ' Wo have been delayod.a ^--'^uciplck riding wiU'mako^up for lost JSSfl?. We will start at onoo.' ' The groom obeyed, and set out with rapid step toward tho spot whore the horseB wero in waiting, tho two young ladies, hand in hand, following him. It was but n few steps to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a few. minutes brought them to the waiting steeds. The horseo were completely oapari coned for tho journey, and Ildo mounted her favorite, a fleet, graceful Arabian. Miss Arsdale was assisted upon tho hack ol a thoroughbred animal which bIio always rode, and tho groom vaulted upon tho baok of a swift-footed horso, which waa tho Bpecial favorite of Sir Allyn. Wo will ride through the park, pasa tho the lake, and go out by tho lower park goto,' Baid Ilde, in n low tone, 'Rido quietly until we roaoh the road, else wo may ba heard!' . Tho groom foil back behind the two young ladies, and tho horaeB proceeded at a quiet puce upon tho route designated. Meanwhile, tho woman wboBO assuranoe had done bo muoh to lighton the heart of Ildo stood for n few moments in tho little llower ?h&ked;, nook, gazing in tho direotion the young Udies had takon. ' I don't know but I did wrong to advise her to go,' eho mused. 'Perhaps, after all, this journey ia unnecessary. Therwell will give op the paper if I were to demand it as tho price of foregoing my revenge. Still, to make all sure, she had better get it. Sbo said alio would be woll attended. Doubtless, she takes half a dozen servants with her. Slio is safo enough, whoever may ba in the house. ' Despite this self-assurannce, the woman's manner waa uneasy. Sbe half atarted in pursuit of Miss Dare, and then, chiding her self for her folly, shrank back again into tho shade of tha little nook. She was etanding there, thoughtful and abBtraoted, with n stiango gleam on her grim face, hor fingera working nervously togother, when footBtepB w^ro heard upon the gravelled walk, low and cautious tones woro distinguishable, and she was made aware of tho roturn cf the oon federates. TherwoU'o voioe sounded as bland and smooth as ever ; Hoadley'a was full of sup pressedexultation. As tho voice of the former penetrated her hearing, sho beoamo at onco olort and vigi lant, Tho abstracted look gavo placa to an eager expression, and she leaned forward listening intently. But Bhe oould gather nothing from thoir wordo, except that Therwell had written and signed tho dooument demanded by tho inn beeper. Their business waa evidently oon oluded, and thoro wero no allusions mado to the baronet'a daughter or to tho approaohing marriage. They passed tho laburnum bov/er, walking slowly aDd almost silently; sho stole out from hor oonooalmont and orept after them, taking oaro that her footsteps should not ba heard, and that hor movements should be screened by tho bushes. In this way thoy passed around the mansion, and entored into tho deeper ahado of the lawn. Moro fearless now, Mrs. Amry orept nearer. Tho confederates, to her great disappoint ment, merely reiterated thoir mutual promises, and then soparated, the satisfied innkeeper departing for Edcnvillo, and Theiwolllighting'a oigar, and walking slowly uaand down the wide avenuo. Mrs. Amry looked at him lrom bohind a olump of shrubbery, with gleaming oyes and a faoo full of pasBionato hatred. A life- time of hitternoBS and anguish compressed itself into a singlo burning look that might havo scorched oven his guilty soul, aDi aho lifted hor arm as if invoking vengeance upon him. Perhaps somo mysterious instinot warned hiin of tho prescnco of an onomy ; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul ; or perbapo como subtle ohord that had onoo bound him to that woman in some way, but whioh had boon broken, began to ro-Bssert its influence, so that he felt that she waB near. Whatever tho oauao, it was cer tain that ho stopped abruptly, looked around him uneaBily, and thon hie gaze settled upon tho woman, who was plainly visible to him. Sho presented a strange, woird pioturo aa sho Btood thore, the lower half of hor person in tho ahado of tho bushes, her faoo loaning out toward him, with tbo starlight restiDg full upon it, exaggerating itB wild, pasBionato expression, its pallid whiteness, ita monaoing look, and giving oven a Bpectral appoaranoo to hor upliftod arm. Ho otaggerod baok appalled, the oigar drop ping from his lips, nnd his limba trembling beneath his weight, Ab she marked tho effect of her appearanoo upon him; a mocking smile flitted over tho woman'BBternlips. ' I— I thought eho waa dead I' muttered Thorwell, unconsciously, hie smoothness and blandnesa of manner gono, and a cold pers piration breaking out upon hia largo, round face. ' Alive I alivo I and hereto rain mo I Alive, and aagor lor revenga 1' IIo groaned involuntarily, but sustained himself by loaning against n treo. Tho shook of Booing hor had been oo sudden nnd un prepared for, that ho folt hia prescnco of mind desert him, his courago fado away, and for a moment ho waa almost para lysed. Iiut only for a moment. _ The woman gave utteranco to a mooking kind of laugh, that sont tho blood tingling ! through his veins, and whioh eeomed to Bet hia heart and brain on lire, and nerved him to action. With a quick and Budden bound, liko that of n beast of prey, ho eprang toward her, gained her covert, and found that sho wao gone. Sho had vanished as utterly and com pletely as if sho had become invisible. Wondoring, and alarmed, hohurrledinand out of tho trees, and traversed tho lawn, searohing everywhere, but in vain, for thia mysterious appoarance. Thero waa n vein of BuporBtition in hia nature that mado itself pereeptiblo at that moment ; with limbs trombling, heart beat ing furiously, he hurried toward the mansion, wiping the clammy dew from hia face as ho muttered: ' Tho old superstitions are not at fault. Why does sho appear to mo ? Let her oomo as often as she likes,' ho added, recklessly, ' so long aa sho does not oomo in tho flesh. I am less afraid of her ghost than of her living body.' Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on tho night air. With a stifled shriek iTherwell rUBhed into the house, bolted the door, nnd orept up to his room in silenco and in terror. And then tho otrange woman aroBo from tho midst of tho clump of bushes, whore she hadfallon prostrato and remained unseen; she then returned to tbo house, nnd her own room, murmuring: ' Ho has had a foretaBto of misery to-night. Tiiera yet remainB a brimming oup whioh ho niuet drain drop by drop. Yes, Ilde Bare, you .shall bo freed, and I Ehall bo avenged I' CHAPTER XXV. A BttSTLBD FACE IN THE DOOnWAT, 'Thinkest t) _u there dwells no courago but in breasts That sot their mail against the ringing epears, When helmets aro struok down 1 Thou littlo knowoBt Of nature'a marvels.' — Mrs. Hemtns, As tho littlo -party of adventurers rode quiolly onward through the hush and Bilenco of the night, with tho breezes whispering solemnly from tho bending trees of tho forest-like park, the atara eliining tranquilly down through the overarohing foliage, Ildo folt assured that the right would yet triumph over the wrong, and that her exertions on her father's behalf would bo blossod by Him who notes ovon tho faintest emotions of tha human heart., - ? ? ? . With her oourago. quickening into new life, tho blood coursing moro evenly in her veins, a Btrango tranquility oroeping over her mind, she rodo on, hor bright eyeB up lifted, as if drinking in strength from tho loveliness of the night, and her soul absorbed in self-communion; Her friend, Kate Arsdale, mado no at tempt to intrude upon Ilde'a silence. With her hand upon the rein, and her oyoa fixed Btoadily upon the path they wero pursuing, sho relinquished all oaro and thought to Ildo, content to follow her guidance. In this mannor thoy neared Eden Lake, where' Sir Allyn'a daughter had twico enoountored Lord Trcssillian, nnd where sho had learned from him the Bwcet old Btory of love, Tbe tender influences lingering about the spot mado themselves felt by Ildo oven now, and: she drooped her gaza and looked lovingly upou tha ecene, while her chooka burned hotly, and aha turned hor head away slightly, as if fearing that her friend might read her face by tho starlight. Eden Lake had nover looked lovolier in tbe full glow of sunshino than it did now whon bathed in tho liquid silvery glow of tho faint night-light, its bosom refieoting the fringing trees and the myriad starB, and ita gay little boat house. Kate Arsdale surveyed it with renewed appreciation, then uttered a frightened oxalamation. - ' What ia it, dear ?' questioned Ilde, aroused from her pleasant tranco. ' 1 am euro I boo a man yonder lying on tho bank,' waa the agitated response. 'Look, Ilde; be raises his head and looks at us. Who oan ho be? What oan he bo doing in Eden Park at thiahour?' Ildo glanced in tho direotion indicated, and beheld tbo figuro of a man Btrotohod in a careless attitude upon tho ground on the spot where she had first seen Lord TresBillian. Ho bad raised his head, and waa supporting it upon hia hand, while he quietly Burveyed tho 'little party of night riders. Mies Daro, in a flutter of anxiety, cheoked her horso at once. Her friend did the same, and thoy waited until tbe old groom, who waa but a few paooa behind, oamo up, and then thoy ongaged in n briof consulta tion. 'tit ia important that this adventure should remain unknown,' doolarod Ilde, uneasily. ' But at tho very outset wo nre threatened with discovery. He may hava already reoognised us. What oan wo do, Jarmin?' 'Let mo go on Rhoad, UisBDaro,' replied tho groom, sturdily. ' In my opinion tho man'a a poaoher, and he won't mention thia meeting for hia own sake, If ho ain't a poacher, I'll give him a blow and stun him like,, and I wouldn't givo a farthing for hia aiomory after that.' He essayed to pasBhis young mistress, but sho detained him. Sbe had boon watobing tho indolent intruder, who, at tho very mo mont of Jarmin'o threatening, appeared to start violently, and who had now snruna un lightly, and was advanoing towards tho littlo party at a uwift and oaoy gait. Kate Arsdale uttered a faint soroam. But Ilde, with blushca soarcely to bo seen in tho starlight, reoognised the object of hor reoent terror at onoo ns the Viscount Tree aillian. Hor instinot, evon moro thanhereyeaight, assured her of his idontity, and a delirious sense of embarrassment oropt over her, and she pulled nt her reins, uncortnin whether to boat a hasty retreat or to mcot him. A conviction, however, that he had already reoognised her, decided hor to pursue tho latter course. V. A word to Jarmin caused him to fall baok, but he stationed himsolf oloso bohind her, in a threatening attitudo, ready to leap from his horso at tho slightest indication that a dofondor wna needed, Lord Trcssillian oamo up, advanced to lido's Bide, and, with an expression of as toniBbmont, cxolaimed : ' la it you, than, Misa Dare ? I thought at first that I must be experiencing on optical illusion. I was not certain but that my imagination had conjured up tho woloomo apparition but the sight of Miss Arsdale and your attendant convinced mo to the contrary. This is n strange hour for a rido,' ' It is, indeed,' returned Ilde, endeavoring to avoid tha keen, clear glance of her lover. ' It ia a strango hour, also, for a stroll in a neighbor's pprk, is it not ?' ' You oan imagine why I am hero, Ildo,' whispered tho young visoonnt, loaning his band upon hor horse's neck and drawing nearer to her. 'Thosoeuo hallowed by our first meeting is tho dearest spot in the worlds to mo. This is not the first time I havo' haunted this plaoo, living over again our meetings, and endeavcring to derivo hopo and comfort for tbe futuro from your re membered words. My heart was heavy to night, and I fancied 1 might lighton it of its burden ijere, and plan out a future in whioh 1 uhouldlbo moro than a match for Therwell. But you.'[lde,' nnd hia voice trembled with hopefulness, ' did yon oomo hero to drea^ of mo? Of course not,' ho added, his tone sinking ko ono o! disappointment, ' or you ) would not come attended; Tell mo where you aro going ?' Ildo hesitated, and then said, confuscdly : ' I csnnot tell you, Gay.' 'Not tell mo 1' ho repeated, in surprise. Then, with a look of gontlo authority that woll beoamo his dark, bright face, and with a tender persuasivoncss of manner, ho added : 'But you must tell me, my darling! Do you think I can let you wander about nt midnight, with no proteotor but your groom?' ' You must trust my judgment and eonse, Gay,' returned thomaiden, meeting hia gaze frankly. 'I am going, with my father's npprovn), to search for something, tho poa BOSBion of whioh ie neoessnry to his bappl nofs and his life. I cannot now tell you moro. But do not detain ns longer. Every moment Bpent horo iu a lost opportunity. Some day you shall.know all.' 'In your own good timo, dear Ildo,' responded her lover, with a look of lovo and faith. '1 gteiknot seek to intrudo into your oonfid|||p nor will 1 delay you any longer, I.vipgalk beBido you to the lower gate, outBidjysfjf oh I left my horso tied to tho fenoo.'^fe - He relic ||p| .1 hip, hold upon Ilde'a horso, oxobi freetingB with Misa Arsdale, nppologisin ia previous inattention to hor, epokfli* 'b® groom, who had recognised a °' delight, and whi- now relWM', musing upon the hopea ho 'fiod onoWpSr' all tho Daro retainers, onte^iHined, ft®||ho families of tho Dares and l'reasillffi»isnight be united through tho youugc&fpljionB; of tho respeetivo honses. Tho young||f||and tho vieoount kept up n desultory OjSSpation aa thoy proceeded through tl;®jp2$J discussing tho loveliness of tho nigh'ajtndvpriouB other subjects far removed fiofl, the {thought* figitating eaoh breast. On caching tho gnto, Ildo gave tho key to Lord Treesillian, who uulo;kcd it, anflaftor tbo^holojparty had passed through looked it ngau, putting tho koy into hia own pooket. ; ' Hia horse v\4s standing where bo had left him, tied bonAth the shadoof a spreading treo, and impatiently trampling the earth. Tho young noblenian wont up to him, soothed him fcj-n w--rd nnd s touch, untied him, leaped u:-on his baok, and thon rodo baok to Ilde. J 1 ' SlieB Daro, ; ho aiiid, aa Bhe extended hor gauntlefed han^ in tjoken of farewell, ' I beg you will permit.mo to become your escort. You must bo running many dangers in undertaking aij adventure like this. You do' hot know -^jhom you may meet on the way or encg||}ter. at your journey's end. Thero can bo n s||osBiblo impropriety in my becoming the I ®jjth of your party any more than if I wero brother, Shall I not go, UdO?' _ 1| _ : The maiden ®|itated, ospeoially as Kate Arsdale looked j||B3er beseechingly, and Jar min was heard eautter hia approval of tho request. .fea i 'If you refqflo|||ft'oontinuod tho visoourt quietly, ' I BhaliEJflcoajpelted to follow youT Btepa ata littla di-jy.nnce, nnd alone. I could not aleep if I were. *o no homo, aware of yout exposure to dan ipr, nnd I Bhall either go with you or foltjw you. Whioh Bhall it bo?' ' e Ildo still; remained undecided, when, glancing up tho .voad in tho direotion of Edonoourt, aho Ijiheld Hoadloy, tha inn keeppr, advancing rapidly, aa if desiroua of making himEelf acquainted with the mcmbera of the little group,-. Her deoision was mado at once, ' ' Go with us, LirdjTressillian,' sbo aaid, quiokly. ' And new -ve must hurry on our way. Comol' ? # ' Sho set tl-o oxair^-lo by giving tho rein to her fjg?5 Arabit'tr and hor oompanions followed suit. Iii'ik'j'ow moments tho baffled innkeeper had bij'tni ic loBt to view. Tho littlo parWJ avoiding tho village of Edenvillo, tookfifj road that skirted it, and wore soon fiBUy on thoir way to Oak Bhnw. p For soma tin® silonoa prevailed. Tho maidens felt a air? o of additional security in the presence oil ordTrosaillian.and Kate Arsdale resumed/hi r reverie with inoroased satisfaction, wb.ie Ilde thought long and earnestly upon tlli i flairs at present olaiming her attention. ? f The young nobleman had no wish to break tho ohormod Bilenco. ut was rapturo to him to ride besido Ilde'; to ll-ok upon her glorioua beauty unobserved an^unrobuked, to watoh tho play of expression upon her features, nnd to noto tho roso'uia ourvo of her red, sweet mouth. He forgot, in his proBent enjoyment, tho difficulties of bis own pecuni ary affairs— forgot eveij7thing except that ha loved tho daughter ofjSir Allyn Dare, and hia resolution noyer tojrelinquish her to an other. I Thoy rodo awiftly along over country roada, bordered by heJges, through green oountry lanes, ithadewed by drooping willows, over ruetio atone bridges, and once or twioo througli; small hamlets, from the windowB of whioh nightoapped heads lookod out in wild amazoment upon tho fleet night riders, and then retreated, pale with alarm. Thoy avoided the towns and villages upon thoir route, keeping to the retired roads whenever practicable. ; Tho groom know the road to Oakahaw .woll, but Lord Trcssillian proved a still better guide, for he waa acquainted with nil tho by-lanea and paths aoross the dosolate commons, by traversing which, several miles of the journoy were saved. Ildo had good reason to oongratulato herself that Bhe had noeepted his escort. Thoy passed lonely country houses, wrapped in gloom, dwellings in which a singlo light burning dimly, told them of a siok-bedand a pale watcher ; mansions bril liantly lighted, and giving forth sounds of musio, mirth and revelry; and at last a beautiful oottagc-ornce, ita windowa all lighted, appearing from botween a very bower of folio go. ; Ildo loooked at th'if houso with intense in terest. ' That is tho house whore tho late Admiral Wilmer lived, ' raid Lord Tressillian, mark ing her ohango of expression. ' It has boen oloeed for yeare, but wta opened the other day for tbo reooption of: Miss Wilmer, who has recovered from her bng insanity, As I hoard to-day at Edonville from a native of WoBt Hoxton. Thoro teems to be eome mystery about Mias Wilmer, and there is a report of a seorot marriage in order to save her property from falling into the hands of a rolativo, bat tho name of hor husband is un known.' j 'I must oall upon her very soon,' said Ildo. ' Tho fow milos between her homo and Edencourt need not bd a bonier to social and frioudly intercourse. Papa used to txohango visits with Admiral Wilmer. In deed, wo aro really neighbors, Mies Wilmer and I, and I hope we ehall be friends. She sighed faintly as she remembered why Bho dosirod the friendship of Misa Wilmor — her principal reason being to dis cover tho whereabouts of Sbawoross, tho third witness against her father. But she had at heart a longing also to oomfort the maiden whose life bad boen shadowed by sup posed insanity, nnd to minister with loving oaro to that mind from whioh possibly, tbo gloom had not entirely departed. Sho kopt her oyes fixed upon Monrepoa, bb if loth to withdraw them, nnd oven turned her head and regarded it long after aha had passed it. But whon ita lights beoamo hidden from her view by intervening troes, she thought of hor journey's end and devotodher thoughts to dovising hor oourse whon sho should havo arrived at Oakshaw. The travellers akirted WoBt Hoxton, and oontinuod their journoy, but no longer in oompleto silence. Enoouraged by tho un spoken sympathy ot her lover, Ilde told him something of the object of her journey, and requested his assistance in searohing for tho important paper. Sho told him also ot tho conversation Bhe had overheard in Edencourt gardens between Thorwell and Hoadloy, proving that an aotual conspiracy existed againBt Sir Allyn, and oonflded to him the isHurances o! the mysterious seamstress con oirning tho mahogany box in which tbe piper pocpibly mi^ht bo concealed. ' I should liko to know who Mrs. Amry is,' sho said, thoughtfully when eho had con cluiod her rccit&l.; ' Thoro is a mystery nbo«t her which I oannot fathom. Sho h«s knovn Thorwell, it is evident, but where nnd whoL nnd undor what circumstances T And for wiy does sho dosiro rosengo ?' ' Pahaps sho ia hiB wifo whom ho haa de serted ' BUEgestcd Lord Trtssillinn. ' It oannot be, for sho is older than he is — muba oldor. Her hair is grey and hor face iswrinklcd. I am euro she cannot be his wiff. Besides ho is too oautioua to think of marrying again with ono wifo in exis tence. ! ' Then sho may bo his mother ?' ' Impossible,' said Ildo, 'Thoy do not look in tbo least alike, Besides, no mother would havo pursued hor aoniforyoara with thoughts of revenge. I havp oanvaBsed al ready tho two possibilities you havo euggested, Gay, and I am convinced that both aro more than improbable. ' No, thoro is some deeper mystery in her hatred than any thing wo oan understand and. surmise. It remains only to wait and see. Pcrhapo timo will 8olvo it.' She patted her horse gently, and ho sprang away at hor behest, arching his neok, and bearing his lovely rider with; proud graco. Kate Arsdale and Lord Tre^Uian kept at her side, but the ohief conversation had been broken nnd was not renewed, Tho long and rapid ride at loagth drew near itscloso. _Tho walls of tbo grim and groy old mansion, flankod by two ivy-clad round towers, nroso before therr\i and Lord Tresillian declared thiB mansion to bo that of Oaksbaw. ' I know it well, 'ho said, aatldo Blackened her pace. 'It was once the lllesidonce of n friend ot my father, and I have explored nearly every nook nnd corn'.r within its boundaries. I hopo wo shall tot find many servants in possession.' Ildo and Kato oohoed tho Lope, and tho former soannod the eastern horizon with anxious eyes. It was not quits three hours sineo they had quitted Ed«ncourt, and there was aa yet no sign of fho morning's dawn. ' Wo havo a couple of hours before us, Gay,' sho said. 'During that timo wo can certainly accomplish our objecf. Don't you think so?'' To Lord Tressillian, who did not thoroughly comprehend its necessity, the ex pedition had somothing of a quixotic air, but ho concealed his own convictions, reply ing that if they failed it should not bo be oaused thoy deserved failure, Tho mansion had now beqbmo plainly visible, and the entire part;] regarded it anxiously. It waB as grim ana gray on a nearer view as when seen frtJu n distance, aud there wero signs of decay afci)ut t.ho doublo portico, nnd the whilewasbill walla nni tottering chimneys. On three! eidea was a jjlain, opsn.lown ; nn the ,ro i:i:Ltuio rrr^: ami ill-kept shrubbery. The ittVeHing Etood at no great distanco from the load, and tho travellers observed piles of brink and mortar lit'tering tho ground, aa ifrejt'iirs weio in oouree of execution. \ Lord Tressillian dorived an i-) :a from tho latter fact nt once. With a keen glance up andowrn the road, ho ordered a halt in the shade tv tha shrub- , bery nnd said: j I 'There ia n broken plaoo in the palings shutting in these treeB, and .'iarmin had better take the horsea in thdee nnd keep guard over them. Thoy can rest there, nnd ba ready for our uso Bhould we require them suddenly. While he is thus occupied, we will soak an entrance into the houso. Per haps tho workmen who havo undertaken tho repairs may have left some availr.blo spot of ingresB.' Tho girla acceded to this plan at once, and alighted from their tired steeds, gathering up tlio skirts of their habita, Tho viscount conducted the gtoom to the broken palings, and himself selectod a littlo dell, surrounded by tali ycung treea, aa a hiding- place tor tho horses and their guardian, i ' You will be aooure hero, Jarmin, ho said, 1 from observation of passera by| as well as from that of tho inmates of the dwelling. Wait for us here.' The man promieed obedience, and Lord Trcssillian roturncd to tho expectant girls. They wera pacing up and do rn in the shade, rejoicing over the deep shadow that had auoceoded tho brilliant starlight, and de claring their belief that it would bo easy to reach tho house unseon. Lord Tressillian confirmod their words as ho camo up, and proposed that thoy should make tho attempt at once. Ho led tho way, opening tho littlo lawn gato noiselessly, and tho mBideng followed him, their hearts throbbing with excite ment. Tbero wore a few small trees hero ana there, and Lord Tressillian flitted !rom one to another of theso, the two girls imitating liismovomentp,and all gradually neiriDg tho house. Keeping n vigilant watoh cpon the various windowa, moving with the utmost caution, forbesring even to epoak to each other, they at length gained the ahado of tbe portico. ' So far bo gaod,' said tho young noble man, calmly, wiping hiB humid brows. ' Sit down, young ladies, while I go upon an exploring tour) I Bhall oxpeot to find you hero whon I return.' Without waiting for a raply, he glided away in tho dirootion of the mansion, and the two girls fat down upon a broad Btep, and congratulate! each ether in vrhisperB that their journey had been so Boon and well per formed. / 'I am sera wo shall ba sucoessful, dear Ildo,' Baid Kato, pressing the hand of her friend. ' |f we gst the paper you want, and you can fi^d that Shawcrosa nnd bribe him to aot rightly, how happy wo Bhall bo ! You will turn^Thorwell out of doors, reward Mrs. Amry, nnd givo a grand ball, and marry Lord TreasilliBn, and I shall bo bridesmaid, and you will, be presented at court, and Sir Allyn will recover hia health and spirits—''', Sho paused, as Ildo raisod her pale, ex cited faoe that seemed to Bhine without the gloom. ' Hush, dear I' said tho baronet's daughter. 'I must not think of tho iuturo now. It would unnerve me to contrast to your picture of paper tho terrible reality it I should fail. At thia junoturo Tressillian orept back to' them, his dark faoo ^glowing, his manner eager, and his broathing hard, ' I have found a place by whioh wo oan enter,' ho exclaimed. ' Providence ia surely bofriending us.' Ho extended a hand to oaoh, and conduoted them over heaps of masonry, around the corner of tbe house, and paused beforo a door-way filled up by a rude, temporary door. s Ho had ovidantly already tried tho strength ot tho latter and found out its available points of weakness, for, after a fow judioious blows, it yielded to him, and would havo fallon in with a crash had he not caught it. Ho assisted the young ladios to enter, and then replaced the door. Hia next movement waa to light tho dark lantern dolivered into his handa by the old groom, and t} survoy the scene round him. Tho maidens also looked ourious!y around them. ' This part of the houso ia svidontly unin habited,' whisporod Lord TreasiUian, as tbey finithed their fruitless investigation. 'Wo must explore the oorridor yonder, opposite to that by whioh wo entered.' Thoy hastened to carry out this suggestion. The passage alluded proved to be lined with doors, whioh on being opened revealed rooma suitable for habitation, and bearing matks of occupancy. 'If you will remain hero n few minutes, young ladies,' said Lord Treesilliau, aa thoy looked into a comfortably furnished littlo breakfast-room, ' I will make a further ex ploration, and try to learn how many ser vants arc employed hero, and where Ther well's rooms ore situated. If ycu would not bo afraid — ' ' A glanco at Ilde'a bravo and earnest coun t«nanco_cbecked him and ho glided away, lantern in hand, leaving the maidebs in dark ness. 'I — I believe I am afraid, IId5,' whispered Kate, clinging to her friend. '.I wish Lord Tressillian wonld Btay with ub. What if eomo one should find uo here ?' Ildo etrovo to reassure her friend, but moro by a silent pressure of tho band than by words. The deep gloom of tho room, the oppressive solitude of tho place, the possi bility of discovery, all were not without their effect upon the haronet'e daughter ; but £be waa sustained by the reflection tha^tbe waa inourring danger for her fathtjls fake, and that aho was trying to earn f\ 'jr own freedom, trom bonds more hatefal than death, ;? Ton, fifteen minntes pa=eed, M? i in light footsteps were heard in the coteiao:^ and tho faint pleamg.of a lifjht were perc^pti'ie. Kate clung oloBer to Ilde, who smile.l^nj.'tn her, assuring her that the vifcount «jos re turning. Tho next moment Lord TrflBilh'an entered. M ' I have been all over tho inhabit® part of tbe bouse,' he said but have not had time to examine any room thoroughly. I bre»e dis covered that only two eervanta are ens|-loyed here, nnd ono of them ia a manfl They occupy rooms where th6y cannot faiif/ohear the leoat noiee, if they aro easily aruif-ed, so we must bo very oautioua. , I havo r?.=o dia covcrtd Thervvoll's rooms. It ia ti'fere wo Bhall find. tho paper if it be in the houje- The Bervanta' rooms are very near hie, ns i^'ho ex pected them to aot ns guard ovsr his jiivate possessions.' '' That seems to indicate that he ha^iome thing valuable,' seid Ilde, hopefully, 'las he led tbo way to Tbcrwell's rooms. Thoy paesod up a broad otaircaso, iti{o an upper corridor, and thenco into a aiMto ol rooms, tho windows of which look® out upon ono of tho towcre. Thesa roomBwere well furnished, hung with pictures and onrpeted with soft, thick fabrics that Sead ened the intruder's footfalls. A qnantmf of eastern pipes on the table, a ohina tolaioco jar beside them, n pair of embroidered a)i||pera near the window, and a large dreasinalracwn of tbo gayest colors upon the baok of tPjctiair, proved that the first room of the Bnif^ '.waB the private apartment of Therwell himEelf. The second room wbb a dreasing-roon^nnd the third waa'a bed-obamber. i In one of the three, probably, was hidden tho written evidence by meana of which Ther well could orush her father and destroy i her happiness. Thua thinking, Ilde engaged nt once in the search. The curtains were drawn across the windows, tho wax-oandlea upon the mantel piece lighted, and tho three Eot to wbii-. to ! oxploro _ the chambers thoroughly. . JVprd j Tressillian devoted hiroEtlf to tho slD3e-v? ?hear%- pieesa-offaffiiture-; KaVc Arsfiila examined the backs of pictures carGfuViy;,tod Ilde looked into every vase, probed tbe cbair cuahionB and ottomans, and Eearched par tioalarly for the peculiar box which Mrs. Amry had described. It aoon becamo evident that tho box ^ras . not in. the parlor, and Lord Tressilliai i re marked that it was improbable that 1 Uer well should have carried the box with liiim for yeara throughout hia varioua jonrneya ; and that, in hia opinion, the document I Was hidden in eome articlo of furniture. I ^ Half an hour's earnest investigation cgn* vinced them that tho paper could not be in the first room, nnd they proceeded to tho aecond. Here a doekattjacted attention, and Ilde examined it, while Kato busied her:-.!! with tho furniture, and Lord Tresnillian passed into tho bedroom, 'if The desk waa largo and fitted up ' 'j'th innumerable divisions in eaoh of which were packetu of papera, letters, etc. Ilde looked over them with a wild hope of finding the dooument thrust carelessly into an envelopo or tied in' one of tbe packets, but her hope wrb in vain. Sho then looked for letters from her father, whioh might poasibly tend to criminatejiim, but none were there. JSho aearched every nook, Bounded the wall^ of the desk, but all in vain. As sbe waa about to deaist and turn her at tention elsewhere, a packet of letters fellfiVm aome hidden nook, and aha took them cp eagerly, believing that among them was hidden the written compact. They proved, however, to be eimply letters, written in a woman's hand, 1 ' Perhaps they have something to do with Mra. Amry,' mused Ilde, holding tbeamn hor hand. ' I have a conviction that tl«y somehow have reference to me.' ? p She nntied tho packet and perused Ih'o lottera, ' They wera all briet and aigned simply ' M. G.' They were the farthest possrbla re move from love letters, being couched in busineas terms, and always to tho effect that ' it ' was quito safe, and that the writer ce sired moro money. Ono of the letters was Bigned ' Your sister, II. G.,' nnd nearly all were addressed to ' My dear brother.' 'I did not know Therwell had a siateri' aaid Ilde, half aloud. ' So I have made ono discovery, even if unimportant. What ckn aho mean by 1 it?' Not tho paper, of counia — yet why not? If we do not find it hersjl shall believe that he haa plaoed it in the otiic of hia siator.' ' She replaced the letters as she had found them, nnd arose wearily from tho desk. Kate was busy with a chest of drawers, and Lord Trcssillian w.aa still in tho bed-ohamber, engaged in noisolosa explorntiona. With' a glance at her friend, Ilde went to tho windok and looked out; f The oaat waa bathed in a cold, gray light/ forerunner of tho comiag day. There wcr;t two or three beams o 1 red at tbo very edpe* ot tho horizon, herilding tho approach hi. tho sun. Tho barnyard fowls wero crowiiyj thoir delight at tho termination of nighlt, and the birds wero making melody amocS tbe treus. | ' It ia morning, and I have not yet aac;,' ceeded, said Ildo, aluoat despairingly, v,-, ahe quitted tho window. i . 'Oomo hero, dear,' exclaimed Kato, who was standing beforo an antique piece of tu. nituro in tho parlor. ' I hava explored everything but this cabinet. Do you think it can be hero?' She pulled open one of tho doors with a little difficulty, and had hardly dono so when the cabinet fell to the floor with a crash. Alarmed at tho noise, Lord Tressillian hurried in from tho bed-chamber. ' I did not moan to do it,' said Kato, looking from Ilde to the viBcount, depro catingly. ' It is not my fault; the cabinet iB eo very old. ' No, it is not your fault, Kate,' said Lord Tressillian, Btopping to examine tho cabinet. 'It had but three lega to stand upon, and when you opened tho door you pulled it off ita balance. I hope no ono heard the noise.' 'Tho servants are probably in their morn ing slnmbera, when they are least likely to wake,' Baid Ilde. ' la thoro anything in tho cabinet, Gay ?' ' Nothing but duat,' was tho reply. ' The cabinot must have belonged to the formor owners of Oaksbaw, and tbe servants havo put it there, thinking it valuable.' ' You havo found nothing in the bed room ?' ' No, Ildo ; and Ihave searched thoroughly I was about to roturn when! heard tho crash mode by tho fallfng oabinet. No paper oan possibly be hidden in there. You havo had no success?' ' None,' waa Ildo'a reply. ' But I have found a few letters which may tend to throw some light upou the object of our search. ' Sho wont to tho dosk and brought out the letters that had attracted her attention. Lord Tresnillinn took them trnd rend thom, nnd tide, with ono hand on her lover's arm, rend them anew, nnd looked up into his face, SB if exptcting to fiud his nnipion written there.— To be CoiitimieJ. 718 I 