to annonnce timotring to ektoMtdinaES Cfimr the hsfdhig article -svtiie "JbOQ- gl IT..J&.. - K mil yi epum'wiirb auw huubu laiyi.'ai „ [?] rmffid teve bad a bMance in nmh -of %. 2® Sgrardi to-Afr. ,iL C- Sedsl,' Pteeented ly Mr L 4f whs decided bv beBol by fte mflmogs ihe best betting averag®and tottEL&nnedy;, tav pwrodto- self toe best bowler of thednb-Aftertoe presentation of the trophies tilose prKmt enjoyed some vocal and itorimentelm, after which they partook of xnents,when toe Jralfih of Rt- was drank, tire numbers wishing htm faoa- speed on his leavn awnilton d evray enocess in his new sphere of fobonr. Xn toe depsitnre-os Mr. Watsford tote district the clhb loses one of its ablest members. " Yahtablk ' botldikg Brim.— He large valuable block of land opporitethe poet-offioe, which has bear lynw long, is si last to be sold . p allotoeirts, and, to judge from toe ever-increasing ,de- mand for bunding rites intoe bnmgs portion otflietown, the compebonte4be» QwOl be a very keen one- The Uo4 alluded to, which has a 5 to Gray- etreet of 132ft. by a depth of 836a., Wis yesterday cut np by Mr. Ingram, sir- veyor,into three rows of allotmente/me row behind toe other. The front row, fronting Gray-street, containB six sites, three on each side of a right-of-way 16ft wide, which runs down the centre of the block. Twoofto sites have a frnntege of 20ft and four of 19ft each, by a depth of 120ft. These yriU be eminentiy CTtodde for officers or shops and the fact of their frOTPP ridit opposite theGoveniniPJitoffinprs and the town-ball, greatly enhances torar value." Along the back of these sn allot ments rnns arightdf-way 12 feet wide mid Carina it are four allotments, two onoacn ride of the right-of-way leading from Gray- street. Of these two have a frontage of 30ft and two of 28fteach. by a depth of 83 foet.: At theback of toe last menboned .Hntmenfai is n street half-n-cbMn wide feeing which, are five allotments, toe two rtiwa having a frontage of 27ft and tbe rest of 26ft each by a depth of ,83ft. This latter street is connected with Gray- street by toe right-of-way running down toe centre of the block. It is intended to put these up for sale by public anetion. Pbosbctthons. — A few days ago we reported iii toe columns of this paper tost a number ' of men who had started from an hotel in Hamilton, in a four-horse con veyance. had driven to Lake Linlithgow where, it is alleged, they fired off their guns at random and -forced an entrance into <'toe State school at that place, causing damage to the value of £2. This happened on San- day, toe 12ft into, and toe men implicated have since paid for the damage done. The police have now decided to prosecute four of the party for using firearms on a Sunday, and summonses have been served on James Taylor and E. Wright, carpenters, and William Carter, plasterer, all three of Ballarat, hot at present working at toe new hospital, and William Wallace, blacksmith, of Hamilton. The cases will be heard be fore the Hamilton police court to-morrow. Physiognomy. —Professor Artemas Golledge, MJBJP-A., commenced his lec turing campaign in Hamilton last evening, . giving a very interesting address on toe utility of physiog nomy or phrenolgy. The professor read the following -critique from toe Rev. W. T. Corzon-Siggers, MJL " I hereby certify that I have this day been examined by Mr. A. Golledge, and can furthermore testify that I have been examined by other leading phrenologists of England, that Mr. Golledge baa in every particular' agreed with their examinations. From past experience, I can safely say that the recommendations by phren ologists are of great rain® I liave no-doubt, whatever, tost Me. A. Gol ledge, is a thorough phrenologist and from my own previous dealings wift Ihe ablest phrenologists, I am of opinion that Mr. Gollege can bold bis own with, or against any phrenologist." The remarks of the professor were followed with close at- of the art was interest shown. In some of those present who thought themselves very common place, there might exist latent abilities which a phrenologist, skilled in his profession, might reveal to them.. Ji/oay >e donbfod if one more ex pert in this, his speciality, has visited ns for a long time. To might, in the Temper ance Hall toe professor is to deal with some evidences in proof of phrenology, when the Rev. J. K. MarxmRan, MA-i will probably preside. And on Monday he will appear in a ' third entertainment, when toe Bev. ; Curzon Riggers, MA, will preside. The admission to-night is free. Mr. Golledge may be interviewed for a short time at Miss - Greenlees', - opporite Mr. DDnofs auctioneering establishment. \- Hamilton , Police. .oouht. — An elderly man named H. A. Greenback was brought before this court yesterday, charged with insulting behaviour. Constable Maas stated that on toe previous evening, at the Show, his attention had been drawn -to prisoner, in consequence of which be watched him. Ho noticed him walking up to a girl about 13 years of age and com menced to play with her hair. On the girl moving away prisoner followed her and again pnt his hand to her hair, and shortly afterwards be did toe .same to a yonnger girl. On the application of toe constable, toe prisoner was remanded till Friday, 1st May, bail being fixed in one surety of £10 end prisoner's own' recoginsanoe of a like amount. Insulting Behayioub. — A young man named Donald M'Leod appeared' before file Hamilton ' Police Court on Tuesday last to answer this charge. From the evidence of Constable Smedley, ft appeared that the accused asked witneas to nave a drink and on ius declining toe kinfl offer he followed the oonatahle along the street, abating him. As he would not desist after bora cautioned, the constable arrested him. Mr. J. E. Kennan, J.P., who presided, fined - the accused 10s, in default 48 hoars' imprisonment- The fine waspaid.'''"' LEvruKEL-j-OH ,,;3iie6day.L, evjenlng there was a very large attendahce at .toe Presbyterian Sunday schoolroom to listen to the Rev. J. Megaw lecture bn & visit to. Edinburgh and the Highlandc of Scotland. Tbe rev, lecturer watexcee3ingly entertain-: ing and' gave borne Vivid despriptions of toe . scenery in toe land'bc - had - travelled torpui- ffe lecture wnsillastratedbysome limelight ' views Of the public buildings in Sootland Be wellpslfl tt more interesting" snd romantip jportiohs' of ihe scenery in' toat oobntry Ddtmg 'toe evening. Mise Anketell sang" He's ; ovmr. toe hHlB," a A Hundred Pjpers arid. ' Ii«ment df Flora McDonald." MiasHamiwer bang " Bonnie isrfife'isyas, T Maumillanjmoyed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Meegaw, and to Miss ;Davey who prerideB kt>tiie mgan iBB'wellEsta'bll who nad contribn ted ifo the - enjoyment iff the evening. ' 1 BtSSBrRrn ; y.\ 'LU'INew Ewto.'JWidre basto'pitfy'teril'bll ifoowh tjay toVbrallW matters: 'D Ttods-'toe1 Wp'ubprondedakleBbalf-a'dOzeo' IsEtanabury, I ltoo miTSSisaay jist. rowed MGieaii lor tofiWmOd.- MTatorfnaeflrpiMic in Noviteber contest almcjtoffoiriitoe.foll'Vfftoe 'toe.1 At Pntnmr_3ie?yn»k" ft.frnglhsahead.and : "Ifhe-vrin nowtoe- rait to die." yuii jiy, U Stonint ' o'ekxk lastngtiiepeiein tife virinffyiPf nto? rjrniJwiy-jetetaon wrae .tom'/fts ynS)eported woman dreffiftd in white. Their homeoiw) I march was a little less rapid and to M fortoer to torir misforturne the yc—l H woman eent in a complaint to the statim master toe following morning. An view with toe two ghost hunters folfejS S and everything was satisfactorily expltij I Tbe Plilley perjorv case is billed to ran at I the Supreme Court until farther notice I The annual meeting of the Balmoral p I and A Society will be held on Saturdf I next at 2 p.m. ' I Lord Tennyson wi-L in til probabilitv I be asked to write toe inaugural ode for ti ' ' Dhiragb Word'e Fair. I The Hamilton Orchestral Soci- ty wig nr. I its sixteenth concert to-morrow nivht the Temperance HalL 451 01 I The will of toe late Mr. Robeit Watsoc. engfoeer-in-cbief of Victorian Railwanki: I bi&proVa; Tor £63,060. tot I Aimed Fowler, the man who attempted to a assault a yonng giri at Warraeol has W H sentenced to six month'simpris- nment. 9 The Bear Hill corner has been settled bv fi one of tbe eyndicate advancing some sham H on good terms to assist those who had rm. m sold. I A Kanaka in Queensland opened ft ' mate's throat with a tomahawk, and then I closed Ins own with a rope. They are both I dead. I Mis Rigby announces that she wQl I tend at Dnnkeld every Tuesday to receive I pnpils for the piano, violin, guitar j-j I banjo. I Tiro boys at Manafield tried the effect of fl ponring a fiask of gunpowder into the fire 1 and gri: off lightly, one of them losing hij 1 thnmb. fl Germany persists in its refusal tn reauva 9 tbe probibition placed upon the importation H of American pork. Can this be consideml < 1 catus belli? 1 The murder boom has spread to Sydnyj. 1 where a man named O'Grady smashed intte u sknQof one Robert Campbell with a cm vfer fl for no apparent reason. 1 Joseph Chehab, the Assyrian, who shot it 9 bis partner, Abrahan Kb sled, his beea 9 fonnd guilty <rf shooting with intent to km 9 and baa been sentenced to death. A man named Parsons has died at M. 9 field from toe effects of a bite from a grnno. 9 The poison paralysed all his internal organ. 9 -except his heartand .he died in greatagmr 9 Saturday, tbe 2nd of May next, at mam fl is toe last day for receiving tenders for tts a Pieracle station. Tenders are to be sent to 1 Laidlaw and Fen too, auctioneers, Hsaul. i ton. I Bickford, Smith and Coy. are suing tire 1 collector of Customs for a return of duty oo H some hemp. They stats that the cog. S aolidated statutes have altered the previous 9 law. fj It has been decided by the Executive H ConDcil that Johnson, the Ballarat mordmsr 1 and Wflaon, who was convicted of a crimiaal 1 offence on a little girl, shall be both bused 1 on May 1L 1 Tbe dispute between Senior-CooiteUe 1 Hayes and Detective O'Donnell is half fl settled- It eeems to have arisen out of a E mistake. Part two of the squabble will give E more tronbl® I The railway authorities have been prtne- 1 coting people for pmoking in carriages p& I set apart for the purpose, but those who i were fonnd travelling without tickets ere I still unpunished. I According to an Argue telegram " a hud- I aome Englishwoman has been arrested in f Paris tor wholesale marriage frauds. She I inveigled 43 men to marry her by advertising I herself asarich widow." I Mr. H. Xawry has been appointed mining I manager for toe Dynevor Silver and Gold I Coy., Deniaon Town, N-S. W., and left on I Monday last for the mine. Active open- I tions will now be commenced. I Bravo, Mr. Hayter! Onr clever ste. I tistirian's estimate of tite populatiou of I Eaglehawk was 8,579. He just missed ore I man, woman or Child, as ' fay the census re- I tarn tbe population is shown to be 8580. I In a boxing contest in Sydney between I George Dawson and Dummy Mace for the I middleweight tounpionahip, Dawson won I after 16 rounds. He indicted fearful I punishment on Mace who is deaf and I dumb. - I A larrikin named William Henry Brown I amused himself the other day in Carlton by I embracing a lady he met in the street and otherwise misbehaving himself. The little endearment cost him £15 or nine mouths' imprisonment. Mr. Monro has reformed the lempaaax nniiMvce coat the legal difficulties in the I way of giving effect to the Local Option polls at Port and Sooth Melbourne are in- enrmonntable, and toe Alliance has accreted toe inevitable. We have to acknowledge receipt of the Gee long Grammar School Quarterly, which is well np to its usual high standard. A trip by river by " Five Men in a Boat" to Mildura, forms capital reading, and the con tinuation of the account will be looked for ward to with interest. In connection with tbe card playing scandal, in which Sir Williqm Gordon Gem ming is concerned, it is possible toat toe case may be decided on legal grounds, with ont a decision on the intrinsic merits of toe case being arrived at. The defence is— absence of publication and justification. After inspecting 1,760 miles of railway proposed in last session's Railway Bill, and hearing evidence with regard to them, Mr. Bent rays that he could not recommend the construction oF n single mile at the estimate of cost made by tbe Railway department The hoar for disclosing the result of toe census steadily approaches.' The returns tor Melbonrne and suburbs are expected to be ready to-day. The returns so far verify toe estimate of toe Government Statist, Mr. H. H. Hayter. In that case tbe population of the colony, will he about 1,148.660. _ As showing toat some of the circumlocu tions of toe river Mnrrnmbidgee are quite equal to those indulged in by red tvpeists, s wrner vn— me cceaoug trrammar Aenooi Quarterly mentions an instance where he arid Jib companions Vowed four miles on the rive® and then reached the point from .which they had started by a walk of a quarter of a mil® '7 