LADIES' GOSSIP. The newest invention for the convenience of liunting womes (ears the Home Sews) is a leather case which SaBtons so cbe off pjmmel, cod contains a long drinking flask to hold elaret, aherry and water, or cold *ea. Atths topiTa watob, with the dial tm$pg cherider, bjo that the rider can time a ran at a glance and -ariihout delay. Xhe wristlet watches have %-een found inconvenient and dangewos for vunsuiK wear. When (asks 'Marjorie,' in Woman) will -«\merioaD society women see that they are {becoming the laughing-stocks of Enrope! f'Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt, not content with playing at Society Qaeen, has actually iiad made by a fcondon jeweller an ezaet imitation o! the English -Orown, and wean it at the opera in New Tork. £uen, for seoond zate oooaslons, she wears a discarded crown of » German princess— bought secondhand. Perhaps the best known pearl neoklaae in Xondon is that of the Countess Tolstoi, wife of 9Ir. Philip Stanhope, M.P. The stones are not only large and perfect in shape, but nearly black in color, a peculiarity which is by reason -of its rarity exceptionally valuable. The Saroneea Henry de Worms, wile of the Under ' Secretary for the Oolonias, also has a notable Beetdaoe— ibis one of diamonds. There will presently be in the field a new competitor {says the TJondon correspondent of the Livtr* 3-ool Post), the contest being the more interest ing sinea the newcomer ib a connection by anarriage of the Baroness de Worms, The WfiriHatfi is not new, though it hat not been seen in Bondon drawing-rooms lor some years. It was the property of the late Countess of Orkney, and was a present to nor from her first tusband. Baron de 8amnel, a peer ol Portugal, *Ehe neoklace is in three rows, and contemn in ?11 190 pearls, many of largeetzs. XbeCknmtesa rv left the necklace to her son. Mr. Arthur de ?^ Vahl, and Mrs. de Vahl will in theopming season be the envied wearer of the priceless ??ropes.** , A new idea in jewellery is the imitation of «»pes, both green and purple, in sardonyx «ub]eoted to different degrees of heat until they take on the different huee of the green and ripe fruit, In a recent number of the Figaro appealed an article in which the personalities of the four PiMdenteB who have reigned at the Ease's within the but twenty years are compared one with another, The writer, while giving tne palm to the Duchesse de Magenta, testifies considerable admiration for Mdme, Catnot, who, he saye realises very happily the type of a. democratic Pr&idente;— well bred, extremely intelligent, eminently charitable, a home loving, large hearted woman, ooonpying her high position with combined dignity and sym plicity. Mdme. Cainot, by the way, will not be the recipient ol the Pope's ' Golden Bobs ' this year— nor. for that matter, will anyone, MdUe. Julie Gouraud, who created a sehool ot literature for young girls in Paris, has died at the ape of 82. She was for the last 35 years editress of the Journal des Jeunes Personnes, a rather cleverly-managed paper, considering the kind of literature which young girls in Ftanoa are ^condemned to. The Journal des Jeunes Personnes was worth a large fortune to the peiBODB who founded it, and continues to be in regard to dividends on the oreat of a high wave. There was bo 8b Valentine's Day this year —except in the calendar. The number of valentines posted in London last year was not morethan 320,000, whereas a few yean ago the number was dose upon 8,000,000, The figures this year will certainly show a further decrease. Even tbe Daily Telegraph dropped its cus tomary 'leader,' and printed a small para graph confession to the effect that '- for the exchange of amorous emblems Valentine is completely played out.' 'The world,' says the Telegraph, Vis becoming too serious lor tne ridiculous, and too careful for the extravagant presents which formerly were in vogue,' Per haps. . 'Xhe following fashion 'scraps' may be of interest :— Shorter dresses are to be worn next season than any that have been in vogue for same time. Shoes, however, will be muoh more worn than boots. In evening dress the lateBt novelties are silver and gold (kid) dippers. The gold shoe is made perfectly plain, with a tiny rose or Bhamrook in paste placed by way of ornament at the toe. It is worn with gold-colored silk atookings. Toe sflver shoe is worn with silver grey silk stockings, Bead embroideries and even fine cord and braiding are giving place in ameaBure to spikes and facets of jet and steel, gold and amber. Evening bodices are to be laced at the back. Ah the season advances (says the Queen) the Oatogan style of hairdressing will be the dominant one among smart women. Boft loops and curled ends of hair will droop towards the nape of the neck. According to the New Tork presB society in that wonderf nl city baa a very ingenious lady in its midst, by name Mrs. Mary Lowell (or, as the emotional journalist prefers to call her, the ' Etectno Star.') Mis. Lowell, it seems, lately turned her love for electrical engineering to practioal account. She was without a ser vant, and determined to try whether she could not light the kitchen fire by means of a tame fiub of eleotrioicy, so to epeak, and then let it burn np before she got up herself. She fitted up wires to and from her bedhead to the kitchen grate, thus completing an eleotrio current with the aid of a small battery, and all that then remained to be done was to bo 'build' the fire that the materials Bhould more easily ignite. The wires were oonneeted by a piece of platinum, and round this there was loosely wrapped what firework makers call ' lightning-paper.*1 Over this again was strewn some tissue paper, upon it placed a wheel of firewood, and on the latter the coal. At seven in the moming, when the fire had to be lit, the current was Bent by Mrs. Lowell through the wires, The platinum lit the lightning paper, then the tissue, the tiBBue thefirewood, and the firewood the coal. When Mrs. Lowell descended to the kitchen the kettle was boiling and the plaoa comfortably warm. The lady (says our teohnioal.contempo rary Iron) thinks she has done quite some thing towards the solntion of the fiervant-girl question, with which housekeepers in America are more troubled than some of us here have any idea of. Blue is the color which has made the most ' recent advance into popular favor* and which witt hold high place throughout the year. The newest distinctions as to shade nave been taken bom the Orders ol the Garter and St. Patrick, A dark rioh tone, deeper than royal and brighter than navy, is called garter blue, from the ribbon which the knights ot that 'aunt noble' order wear across their shoulders. A paler tint is called St. Patriot bine, from the ribbon of the ' most illustrious' Irish order. Throngboct -the letters in the memoirs of Fancy Kemble (Sirs. Butler) are to be found emphatic complaints :n regard to the maid eerronte of America, and theBe are enf oroed by still more strongly- worded comments and interpolated notes. The following is the mildest example of these Btriotores: — 'The servants in Philadelphia are ol khe lowest class ot ignorant Irish, having never before ~ they came to America seen the inside of any more civilised house than their own mud hovels; and immediately find situations a* cooks, or housemaid!, or nursemaids (for all of which they are as well qualified aB for coach men, grooms, or gardeners) at ten rtrilliDga a week (the lowest wages given), and quite as often at fifteen and twenty. A great many Germans. (also ot the loweBt oUwb) oome; bat they have to encounter the difficulty of not epeakiog or understanding English, which, of course, gives the Irish an advantage over them. The influx of this sturdy, robust Euro pean flesh and blood tells advantageondy on the third generation of the feebler and less physically healthy Americans, with whom they intermarry.' Mrs. Butler constantly expresses her great admiration for the American type of bsouty, and on one oocation she Amuses herself by an attempt to give us its genesis :—' American is the direct descendant of Irish beauty; the lovely bair, teeth, eyes, and complexion of Erin's daughters transplanted acroBB the Atlantic derive, in the second or third gene ration, from ohange of climate and diet, and various other favorable influences a character of refinement (as well as intermarriage with AmericanO, which is not Irish; the features become sharper, the figure lighter, the bands and feet smaller, and the whole result is that delicate and brilliant beauty, remarkable alike for elegance of form and vividness of oolor, by which the American women are distinguished,' & GOOD GHOST STOET, *' A curious riroumatanoe, woioa only o»me to my knowledge (save Mrs. Butler) several yean after my teeidenoe in this house, in Kittenhcuge equare, eeems to me to posses* f nflBciently the qualities of a good ghoBt story to be worth preserving. ' The home waa bo constructed that a room, half- way between the ground floor and the story immediately above it. commanded the flight of fetairs leading to the latter, and the whole landing or passage on which the rooms on that floor opened. These rooms were my bed and dressing-room, the drawing rooms and dining room being under them, on the ground floor, 'One evening that my maid was sitting in the room from which she could see the whole of the Btaircase and upper landing she Baw the door of my bedroom open, and an elderly woman in a flannel dresBine gown, with a bon net on her head and a candle in her hand, oome ont, walk the whole length of the passage, and return again into the bedroom* shutting the door after her. My maid knew that I was in the dtawing- foom below in my usual black velvet evem&g; dreei ; moreover, the person ahe had seen bore no resemblance either in figdre or faee to me or to any member of my house bold, which conBiBted of three young servant women betide henelf, and a negro man servant. My maid was a remarkably courageous and reasonable person, and, though very much startled (for she went direotly ttpBtaira and found no one in the rooms), she kept her counsel, and mentioned the circum stance to nobody, though, as ahe told me after wards, she was bo afraid lest I should have a similar visitation, that she was strongly tempted to ask Dr. W— 's advice aB to the propriety of mentioning her experience to me. She refrained from doing so, however, and some time after, as ahe was Bitting in the duBfc in the same room, the manservant came in to light the gas and made her Btart, observing which he said— * Why, Ion, Miss Ellen, you jump as if you bad seen a gboBt.' In spite of ber late experience Ellen very gravely replied ?—' Nonsense, William, how can you talk Buoh stnfi? Ton don't believe in suoh things as ghoBte, do you!' * Well,' he said, *I don't know just so sure what to say to that, seeing it's very well known there waB a ghost in this borne.' * Pshaw V said Ellen. * Whose ghoBt ?' 1 Well, poor Mrs. E— 's ghoBt, it's very well known, walks about this house, and no great wonder, either, seeing how miserably she lived and died here.' To Ellen's persistent expres sions of contemptuous incredulity, he went on, *Wel),MiBB Ellen, all I can say is, several girls (i.e., maid servants) have left this house on aeeount of it,' and there the conversation ended. Some days after this Ellen, coming into the drawing- toom to speak to me, stopped abruptly at the door, and stood there caving suddenly recognised in a por trait immediately opposite to it, and which waB that of the dead mistress of the honee, the face ot the person she had teen come ont ofmy bedroom. I think thU is a very tidy ghost etory, and I am bound to add* as a proper commentary on it, that I have never inhabited a house which affected me with a sense of anon, intolerable melanoholy gloomineEB as this, without any assignable reaBon whatever, either in its situation or any of its conditions. My maid, to the present day, persists in every detail (and without the slightest variation) of this experience of hers, absolutely rejecting my explanation of it, that ebe bad heard, without, paying any particular attention to it, some talk among the other servants about the ghost in the house, which had remained unconsciously to herself in her memory, and reproduced itself in this morbid nervous effect ot her imagination.' 