A GHOST AT THE WINDOW. i It would eeem, say» Ennhwd arni thr Union, I that Galway is not going to lia behindhand in thc matter of belief in thc supernatural, I judging from thc stale of excitement created j a few nights ago by tho rumour that a ghost hod made its appearance at ono of the I windows of a house in Abbeygate-strcet, directly opposite the sacristy of the Pro cathedral of St. Nicholas. This house, it must bc mentioned, was lately occupied by u ! woman who died after a very short illness. Since her death it became tenanted by another Íicrson, but from some cause or other thc ast-mcntioucd left, and the placo remained unoccupied till last week. Then it was taken by another woman. On the night it was occupied some children were passing to attend devotions ut the chapel, when they Bay they observed a sort of unusual light in thc house, and n woman standing near thc open window, who, in a sepulchral voice, said, " Oner one prayer for me. " Some of thc children fainted on thc Bpot, and this caused others going tn their devotions tn inquire into thc cause. The talc of tho spectre at the window spread like wild- ; lire, and in u quarter of nu hour no less than 'JOCKI perenna hail congregated outside the haunted IIOIIBC. Thc streets on each side [ became blocked Thc crushing und jostling tn get a gliinpso at the 11 visitor from tho other world" was such as has never been, equalled in Galway. Several persons were thrown down and trampled upou, and it was willi the greatest difficulty a strong force of {»olioo, after about three hours' incessant alumr, succeeding in clearing tho streets Biillicicntly to allow pedestrians and ours to jmss. Tile tramcars wcro even compelled to stand still in thc streets. Thc following nights thu same state of things have prevailed, but up tu tho present tho real cause of the rumour has not been satisfactorily explained. Scvarnl versions of what thc object really was thal created such uscnsalionaregivcu, but thcudult portion of thc community say tliatliftyyearsago there was also " something seen " in thc house, it having been the scene of a most brutal murder - namely, thc assassination of a woman named Maxwell by her husliaud. From tho description now given of thu late apparition by the children, who Bay they saw it, tlic older people say it is ono ami thc sumo ghost, which has to put np nltcrnalc half centuries in this world and the other. Tho police ure stalianod near thc place, where four streets meet, and it is as much as they can do to heep thc curious from congregating. It is most surprising that amongst this class arc to bc found some of the most respectable and, it might bc expected, enlightened people in the town, both male and female. Thc strangest thing of «ll is that, notwithstanding the thousands who congregate nightly, not one- even the police-have (liecourage to try to unravel the mystery, i 