a catastrophe: at tiib1 -? t'ASlXO. i BY N.1I1AS l-. lUMB, I Not long alter the Caaiaa &I; tho Central j Park was first thrown op;:n to the pubuc, , ; three persona regularly viiited ita refresh ment saloon e, who were not lont; in exciting observation by their remarkable conduct. They never apoka r. Byllable, either to each i ' other or anyone elBo ; even their order being given to Iho waiter upon a blip ot paper by one of the three. They wero certainly not deaf, because tho waiter's spoken announcement ol the ex '. \\-onte incurred waa always instantly as : lented to by a, general bow of tho head, and ?n immediato production of the money de manded. If dumb, they used no signs ot the hands, : or othcrwUo, to communicate with each i other. Their dciaeunoi- was invariably of the i deepest ' gloom. The looks vbich they ooeasionaly cast at each other bore no traoeB of affection, uothinj; of tbs glow of friendship but wera etony and cold, as with mutual re j eentment and repulsion. | They appeared to tako no pleasure in the ; food they ate, though consisting of the most ,' delioate and tempting tianj?, but devoured ' it with the mechanical coldness of phantoms \- or ghouls. All wera clothed in tho deepest, : richest black. The faces of all were utterly : devoid of color ; that of tho lady was very | pretty, though she waa no longer young, and ! possessed of a figure inclined to tmbon point. j Ol course the appearance of this singular , trio regularly onco or twice a week through j an entire season, at such a fashionable ! reiort, could not fail to command curiosity j and attention. j They oame to be known among the clerks , and other attendants as the threo ghouls of : the Casino, and many were the (.peculations { as to who they were, and what was the ? meaning ot their singular demeanor. ' In tho meantime, however, tho silent ? Btrangora grew gloomier and more ghoul-like \- at every visit : and the dull cold glare of re ; eentniont in the eyes ot each appeared to daily increase in intansity of hate. At last there came a catastrophe. It was , a lovely afternoon, find tho Casino was j thronged. And then the three strangers . began to adopt a most novel mode of Ian i guage. i They began to hiss at eaoh other as if ; possessed by n multitude of poisonous eer ;. ptnle. Their oyco blazed like basilisks j . their teeth glittered through their shrunken ; lips, and Btill they hissed and hissed with I the fury of fiends. ; , Tney were instantly surrounded by a i wondering orowd, mombera of which could j net forbear exclaiming, ' Shame I shams 1' ? at auch an unnatural exhibition of sorpon j tine epite and malevolence. ? But the three beinga thus unfortunately ; possessed only hissed the louder, and no | oompanied their Ribllationa by fierce and j threatening geslioulation. ) Tho lady appeared more furious than \ either of her oompaniona. She biased away ? like a pythonesp, and her face, usually so | cadaverous in hue, flowed like the illuini I nated rind of a ' Jack-o'-Lantern, j ' Is slie mad ?' ' Are thoy all craiy ?'? | . *' Send for an officer!' and similar ejaoula | lions fell from the lips of the wondering and horrified spectators; but without any effect ! Upon the anakoJillcd strangers. At last tbs men workod themselves into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet. ' One of them drew a knife, nnd before he could be prevented, thrust it into the bosom j ot hiB opponent. A ory of horror rang i through tho saloon ; but this waa changed to one of wonder at the conduct of the wounded man. lie simply drew bis coat Over the hilt ot tho dagger, whioh still remained quivering in his breast, burst into a low, sardonic, laugh, nnd strode from the I building .as if bo woro unhurt. But, beforo ; he departed, the only words that had ever : been heard to proceed from tho mystoiroua : trio fell from his lips. ? 'Fiends I'1 he hissed; 'by tho eerpont Bpell that governs us all, 1 will yet haunt ye both ! I'Arowell I Yo may have destroyed my body, but the oobra-spirit jn my nature will! follow you on, and poiuon , yo for ?ever 1'. ? \ :???? ,; ' ' ' He vanished, and thoao who followed him to the door instantly lost sight of him, as though he had melted into thin air. A storm of. triumphant hisses from the remaining pair waa their only reply to the imprecation of their defeated fellow ; and then they resumed eome wine they had been diioDBsing, and became as sombre and silent \- ai ever. t ' Seize the murderer I Bun for a polios man ?' cried tho uow thoroughly excited orowd, gathering around with threatening gestures, whioh, however, had no efloot upon the pair. Apolioeman waa gammoned. Tie happened to be of the ultra-phlegmatio and mnttcrof faot variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily. After heating the utory of the desperate stabbing, and the sudden evaporation of the murdered man, he regarded the remaining man and woman with considerable non ohalanco, and romarked : ' Looks to mo liko a regular bilk. Murdered men don't slope out of sight with knives sticking in their hearts. No need of a row about nothing.'' ? , ? Ho walked leiuurely ofl, muoh to the dis satisfaction of the crowd ; and the silent man, with his silent partner, ooolly finished their wino, paid for it, and departed for their carriage, as had been their custom, Thosa who witnessed their departure averred that from the depths of the myster ious poach there was hoard to issue low and multitudinous hissings, as from a wholfi neat ot wrangling sorpents. As Iho gentleman and lady continued their regular visits to the Casino, tho abienoe of their whilom oompanion confirmed many in the conviction that the murder had been no ?ham, but an aatual and frightful tragedy ; and tho pair wcro regarded with growing suspicion and dread. Onn day, when they were sitting 'at the table they usually oaoupied— us far apart from tho rest as possible — a sodden resump tion of the biasing sounds instantly rivetted upon them the most intense and anxious scrutiny. Cut this tima the biases were neither fteroo uor loud. They wero low, tremulous, and hesitating, as of snakes in terror and pain. Tho man and tho woman drew to gather, shiveringly, as if etrioken by sudden gusts of ioy wind, and gUnoed at the open door, with eipeotant horror upon their corpse like fuoos. All eyes were turned in the same direction nnd so breathless was tho suspense that a pin might hiive boon heard to drop. The ghost of the murdered man glided into the light of the spacious doorway, and stood motionless for an instant, giving utteranoe simply to a low, eardonio sibilation, wbioh curdled the blood ol all who heard, and canned tho guilty couple to cower and shud der in abjeot horror. The ghost waa attired preoiiely as when last behold in the saloon, muoh after the manner ot Dion Bonoicault's ' Phantom,' save that 'Hia waist was bound with bis waist-band round. His burniiibed atove-pipe gleamed on high, Hut his breast was bare, with the red wounds there, And dark waa the glare of hie glassy eye.' The dagger remained planted in bia breaat. Ho pointed to it with a moveless finger, and then Klidod.forward without a sound. The ladies wers too muoh frightened to EOrc&m;, but turned perfectly white with terror. The waiturn blanched to the color of their aprons. But tho guilty oouplo presented tho most pitiable sight. They aotually wilted beneath the avenging hands which the phantom ex tended menacingly above them. The talilnnti might have reached even a ? .more ghantly extremity had not a peraonnge at tbia moment Btrolled in, for whom the supernatural, or its imitation?, had but scanty terrors, This waa the phlegmatic officer. ?' What's this torn-foolery ?' he blandly remarkad; at the biwis time Rivine; tbo hlderm* nliantnin n Hlup on the hue!; which : madaii nidt.iUy.o beiti^ (if him in the ttriukl '?'. ;:;. -'ten of an --yp. ???i;.: '-'-Tho man of unpoctio phlegm then pluokid l'»c d3g!rcr from the phsnloa'u breast, and Eeuthssu ncliiig back from a punch jn the ribs svi'.h 'nis elulwurl elbow. ?? l.jw. b'ctd to der.tii, ir jouwilll'he cxpIiim.i i. v,ith -.lvuireVfU'.'lly. ' You Eee, lidi'a and KC!il!cmen,'' hu continued, linluin* up tho mutileroua poinard, and working it with bis hands; 'didn't I tell you how it was alia bilk. This it r trisk ilu^er, whodo blude runs into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit.' A cry of rag'; buret from the crowd who had been so cgreRiously told, and a move- ' ment was maua lowurd tha ?'phantom' ami hia fiicnds, the latter ot whom bad arisen and begin to hiss anew. ' No more of that 1' cried the officer, swinging his club, angrily. ' Speak out, or come to the lockup I' They understood his gesture, it not his words ; and straigthaway those mysterious and thoughtless ones began to upeak French aiarata that would have alarmed an army Of Germans. 'Who understands their lingo?' roared the offioer, clapping his hands to his ears. A little dapper gentleman, pale with trepidation, came forward and explained, in' broken Englibh, that he was the agent ot the gentleman and lady, who were French mountebanks (renowned artists, he called them), whom ho had brought over to this j country. Pending their appearance at a certain Bowery establishment, he had adopted this innocent mode of enhancing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper expose shortly before their legitimate appearance, and thus insure over whelming houses. This explanation was made under auch ludioroua terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and the disoomfited aorobats and sword swallowers, with their little agent, were suffered to depart -unmolested ; but there were many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they had been ' sold ' in the Casino. 