THE PHANTOM TRAIN. Mountain engineers are perhaps the most fearless class of men in the world. Journeys of so perilous a nature that the blood of an ordi nary man would curdle at the bare thought of one undertaken are successfully made by them, and under circumstances of so trying a charac. ter that on reflection the average maon would marvel at. Those men who ride hundreds of miles through- the mountains are seldom frightened, but to-day there resides in Denver a man who would not pull a train over Marshall Pass for a cool million, and when the name of that famous place is mentioned he involuntatily clenches his hands and pales visibly. Several years ago there was a story circul teod that throe times a week a phasntom train went steaming over the pass, and that ghostly forms could be seen through the car windows, and although the statements in regard to it were incoherent, engineers began to regard a certain portion of the track with suspicion, and usually hugged the rails there as close as possible. One morning a freight "runner" pulled into Green River and informed the operator that he had seen the train and so earnestlylldid he pteVil withl'ti-imaster -mecaic that lihe was given an engine on the Salt Lake divisioa. Other expe riences were related, and it became almost a weekly occurrence that some engineer would report having scan a traia of which the despat.herhad no record and could not account for. In nearly every instance the engineers who complained were those who pulled the night pasoeuger, which reached Green River at 7 o'clock in the morning. One engineer who had twice seen the much talked-of train pulled upout of Salida as white as the snow on the ground, and the following morning the fireman brought the engine into Green river, the brakeman firing, and the engineer in an insensible condition. He had seen the phantom train, and that was his last trip on the road, The regular train was then placed in the hands of au old and tried engineer, by the name of Nclson Edwards, who had as a fireman Charles Whitehead. Both men were cool and calculating, well educated and generally con. sidered the most fearless men in the employ of the Rio Grando-men who hadcaught runaway trains on the mountain side without so much as a flush suffusing their cheeks. For nearly two months they were on the train, back and forth every other day, and while the alternating crows had changed several times, they had not as vet seen the mysterious train, the sightof which had been the ?mne of so many engineers One evening, just at dirk, while the Oroman was lighting the lamp,the engineer, Edwaras, exponenced a strange feeling creeping over him, and as he pulled inuto the canon the silence seemed deeper than usual, the night darker and the air cooler. Several times before they reached the grade the "popping" of the safety valve caused him to start. But soon they were winding in and about the labyrinth of small canons and over deep arroyas, and as his trained eye swept the glittering rails ahead he forgot *his uneasiness. Engineers seldom speak to their firemen-as a rule they are too busy; the con stant watching requires that their minds should be on their work, and to-night Edwards was more like a sphinx than usual, for it was re ported that there was a bridge in danger of going down, and a defective rail in one of the canons, and ever and anon he slakened the speed of his train as a matter of safety. The engineer passed under the snowshed, and the strange roar so peculiar on such occasions followed. While in the shed far away there came the long, warning whistles of an ap proaching train. Edwards remarked to his fireman that No. S was following too close. a Again, when about five miles farther on, he re eagnised the same whistle, this time nearer, and at short intervals the signal was heard coming rapidly nearer. 'It must be a wild trai,'" Whitehead grumbled, as the engineer reached for the rope and gave two short, sharp whistles only to hear the long, dangerous answers. Again- in a snowshed, it occurred to him-that he had to "aw by" an east-bound freight at the next i switch, 25 miles further up the mountain, and as he left the shed the bell sounded three times, and he brought his train to a standstill as quickly as possible. He could hear the doleful sound of the followers, and the piston rods travelled back and forth in the cylinders in the crisp night air, but a sound more ominous than that was the long.drawn whistles of the engine that was so rapidly overhauling him. The con ductor ran forward at this juncture, and asked: "What did you stop for ?'' " What did you pull the ball-corl for?"' re joined Edwards. "You're crazy," the conductor said. "Now, a pull her wide open and light out for the switches, because we've got to pame No. 1I there, and besides, there's a wild train a-climb ing up on us. D'ye hear?" Edwards drew back the lever with a strange feelinr. He opened the throttle, the wheels a slipped on the steel rails, but as they caught 0 the sand, the long, heavy train began to move forward slowly. Both moen in the cab could a hear the sanud grind beneath the enormous weight of the engine. The train increased in a momentum as it moved forward, and in about live minutes was running asfast as practicable Son that portion of the road. The following train was approaching nearer and nearer. Again the short serise of warning whistles was heard, which Edwards answered, but only to hear the wild train give the danger signal again. He lookedloutof the window as he was rouunding a curve and noticed the other train rapidly approaching. Cold beads of sweat s stood out .ou his forehead ns he pulled the throttle wide open. Faster and faster the speed of the tram increased, and more dan gerous was the track. They were now it the a very worst portion of the pass, where the snow abanks were the -most treacherous, and just in I this part of the track was where the broken 0 rail was reperted.. Every time. the engine struck a curve -it seemed as though it was im possible for the small flanges to hold the engine to the rails. The cars were rocking violently. f The- passengers "were rudely awakened from theirsluimbers sy the train striking a snowdrift. SThe speed of-the train was so great that the train broke- the drift easily and 'was soon roaring through a snowehed. How .the fire= man laboured. llisa shirt was wet with perspi ration, for the hungry furnace consumed the coal so quickly that the stack belched fire. The passengers having been warned of the noipendig danger, haddressed themselves. The women were wringing their hands in despair, strong men were trembling, and the thought of every person on the train was of the man whose hand rested on the throttle of the engine ahead. WVould the rear train dash into the coaches and kill all the passengers? Who was their engincer ? Was he competent? Was the engineer in the rear tr-ain mad ? The cur taius were all thrown up, a few daring men clung on the platform and glanced anxiously back. The conductor started suddenly as he Scaught asgliupse of the driving wheels of the reartrain. They weore fully ten incises larger than-those o thie eigine ahead. With hand tightly clinched on the throttle Edwards's eye rigidly swept the track. H was a gd engineer, for even under that awful strain he hed the presence of mind to shut off his steam in order to save i: when running down grade Swithout brake pressure, and never once while running did he allow power to take the place of espeed, a fault of most oagineers under excile ment. At this time the snow began to descend, Iand in the peculiar light that settles on earth, caused by tse assow, Edwards saw something in a backward glance hlie took that made his blood freeze, and almost caused his heart to ceasebeatilng. On the top of one of the cars of the rear train was a tail white figure of a man geaticulaiting wildly, while he could see a white form inrthe cab. A terrible thought dashed through his mind- the train, the train, the pecaliar condition-it was the phantom train. Without further parley, regardless of the broken rail, hie dropped the lever another notch, and then as quickly as possible, but canutiously he opened the throttle vlve. HIis trained ear caught every sound his enginemade, and under the inteuse excitement he one thoaght he heard the pslatons grinoding and the axleopound. It would be impossible to pass a broken rail at the terrific speed they were travell. ing. He wasleadingthe race by about200 yards now, and as- his train approachedl a point wheree the track reversed and ras Farallel, he nerved I?taeelffor-th trial. He-rounded tlhe curve safely and str.rted, and was moving back on the serpentine carve with the rapidity of lightning. As Le passed the other engine he saw -wo ex- i trealy whitefigures in the cab. The spectre engineer tirned ance to.him like dough, and laughel. " The ghostly .fireman reached for the cord, and agin a series o.l hart. shabrp whistles sounded. -On the tr51,, plusned int the night, bridges that trembled beneata the sudden shock. So fast was the train travelling that the rush of air could he heard by the passengers. Wherever their was a snow drift the train would break through it like a hurri. cane. Faster and faster, for now they, are ritounting to the highest point of the pass, where the sir was coldest, steam was not so plentiful, and soon Edwards had the lever in the corner and the throttle wide open. The greatest speed his engine was capable of had been attained, and Edwards could but watch the rails in front of him and keep his bhands on the throttle. The phantom train was gaining: he could go no faster, he was helpless. Around the shelves of high mountains and along the ridge of lofty hills, over deep arroyas, through lon senowsheds the race continued ; the very landscape was closing behind the train like a cloud; the mouullltins seemed to recede rapidly, but all the while the spectro train was galin ground. The wind arose and sighed, and from the north heavy clouds began to drift south ward. 'The pilot struck a slight snow bansk and hurled it a hundred feet high. A terrific storm was soon in progress, the furies of which seemed to concentrate on t:he tleeilng passenger train. On into the night the trains swept, spectro and passenger, like bolts of lightning pursuing one another through the ky. Fdwards sighted a bridge that was reported weak, passed it safely, and having by this time crossed the summit was now on the down grade. Steeper it became, and when one particularly heavy hill was reached, Edwards was guilty of running the grade without applying the air brakes. 8Bon he sighted the switch. No. 10 was not there, and, ,wtth a madness born of excitement, he went tearing by like the wind. Another series of short, sharp whistles and an instant later the engineer saw a red lantern swinging in the right-of-way. He was running down grade, tlhe thought of No. 1il ahead, the .mysterions train behindt, and a trained mechamnic ie i stisuctively applied the air. The wheelsstopped revolving, hut the train was still running over the snowy rails. Far ahead he observed hight, shadowy, fantastic forms, and as the train drew nearer he saw that they were repairing the track. They .were spirits, and the next minute flying towards the ghosts on the track, passed through the crowd of ten or twelve, reached the curve beyond, and Edwards ventured a backward glance. He sa-v the phanto:n t rain run to a broken rail, the engine ran off on to the ties, and one second later the heavy freight pitched down the embankment,, and a moment later vanished. YVritte in tote frost of the firemanu's window was thefoll wing,. in a peentt'r hand : • "'seers ago a frnto.train was reeked as you saw-now that yu saw it, we will never make. another run. The enjinoe was' not ounder cantrol, and four sexshun men war killed. If yu ever ran on this road again yu will be recked." Edwards passed No. 19 at the second switch, reached Green river at I; o'clock the next morning, an hour ahead of time, and left the Rio Grande that day. The following evening l e went to Salt Lake, and is eonsidered one of the most trustworthy menl in their employ. The phantom has not been seen since that eventful night.- II'ccly ludget. 