The Heiress of Deepdene ... CHAPTER 'XV. ' ! ' 1 i Yes, Godfrey liml loft, with ns littlo; dolny. ns possiblo,. tlio scoiio 'of - his; ! rooont humilmtioir; .nnd. gonorous though ho wns, ho could, not forbohr1 \hittor';foolings towards tho girl who: had suiipinntoct Inin. ! It' was vory gulling for him to think of Uoopdeno in t\o iinudsof n strnngor — Dooiidone 1 thnt,' ho hnd boon 1 taught, to look upon ns his fitturo.,hoind;,nnd; tlirit ho lind gvo.wn . to lovo with nn niTnolion tliut was vootod in tho .host' c nrill truest pnrt of his niituro. '. . i \ Losidos, ho wns utlorly iu tlio diivk vns to how his disiiihoritnnoo hnd poirio 'about, nnd for hick, of n bottov niptivo wns fordod to lay. it to tho olnivgo of krndolino Bvoroton, who bad— ns'liis linlf-sistor oxprossod it — " plotted nnd plnnnod" to push liovsolE into1 bis iplnco; . It is tvuo that twolvo .months ngo, 'wlion'.ho uppliod to Sir .Richard .for mouoy, itlio Lnrouot hnd poromptovily ' rofusod tho request, nnd ' lind added thnt undor prosout ciroumstanoos. ho lind no dosii'O to soo. his nophow— a hiut thnt sot Godfroy's prido oiv firo nnd offootunlly p'vovontod him from thrusting- his oompnny on Sir Rioli- hrd. . i It.w"ns in tho snmo lottor thnt tlio (Baronot hnd hiutod nt tlio possibility . . of mnrrying ; but God froy lind! uiproly; ' liiugliod nt this tlivpnt, nnd iti lind' tibt . troublod him in tho smnllost dogroo; '' 'I'.wisli ho lind mnrriod!'. lid! do- . nlnvnff fn TTninli Ttrrnn no tlm\r . irnrn. 011 tlio way. to tho stntion. ' It would not hurt mo so muoh if tho . old plnao woro in; tho linuds of ono who hnd n oliiim ' to tho nnmo of Ynno ; but tins gii'l— : ' 1 Ho stopped in disgust. Words tlint would havo ; boon strong onougli to oxpross ' bis oontompt for Madolino , would havo boon too strong for liim to 'permit liimsolf to uso. \ > Not'' so -'Miss Byr.no, who nllo wod : hor tonguo 'full lio'piiso, nnd pourod fprth; tho yinls :of : hor wrnth on tho (Idyotpd heritl of Sir ilWolinrd's hoivoss, without 'troubling liiorsolf to rofl.oot whotlipr ornot tho:;girl dosorvod nil tlioso strioturos. ; ...;Tlio.jouriioy up to town wns n silont, ono, but just ... before thoy ronoliod London Godfrey suddenly snid,— .. » Il'v'e boon thinking 'ovor my posi tion, Kozinli, nnd, rpnlly, it's so vory hnd tlirit it couldn't woll bo worso. 11 8linll slinyo to soli out of . tho nriiiy nnd' ; look.: nbout for somotbhig 1 to ' Spmothing; to do!' soronmpd.Miss Kozinli, ; lifting hor linnds ' iti' pioiis' horror nt tho- notion.1 ' Oil, Godfrey, . how torriblo ! ' But1 surely you cnn liv.a on tho .tlirod liundrod n-yoni'. tlint tjiiit, Wrotohdd old.mnn lins loft you !' . ' Don't enll nnmos, ICozinli. As for livjng on it. no doubt I could do, so if. it'.iypro.iiot for iny dobts ; but I must pnv them, and in pi-dor to do it l iimst rohliso niy nnnuity.' Yes,' ho liddod, . with a firrim smilo. 'I must boarin -life over:ngnin— not n vory plonsant pros pect for a man nppronoliin'g thirty, is it ?' ..Ris .half-sister sniffod by wny of reply, And wns so ovoroom'o by hor foolings' thnt she buriod hor fnco in lipr handkorohief and continued snif- . fing until Pnddingtou was yonohed— . by which t-imo it was growing dusk, npd n . drizzling rnin wns falling which . made ovon the Juno evening fool raw' nnd cold. Godfrey hurried outside in sonrph of in, ' hnnsom, . but .-before lio lilid suoooodod in finding ono a light touch on his nrra nindo liira look round. By his' side stood n woman, trioked out in somo-'gnudy finory tlint mndo tho jinintod pallor of her fnco look ovon' niopo- horriblo thnn it would linvo donor She ' wns j'oung— not more tlinn tliroo-nnd-t.wonty nt tlio most ; but, oh how worn nnd hnggard nnd lined hor .... fnco whs.!1' And yot if wns a pretty, fnco still ; tho oyos wore - largo- nnd dnrlc and ununtuvnlly lustrous ; tho hair, wnved in soft, clingiug tondrils .. awajr,' from a white brow; tbo mouth was small, and curved liko o bhild's. She had begun to say somothing whoa Godfroy turnod round, but as\ ' . hor oyo foil on liis face, a littlo, half smothered shriek escaped hor' lips and lief hand foil limply to hor side. 1' You !' said tho young man, in a : voice1 so low that it was almost a wtisper. : 'Nelly !' But sho did not wait to hoar moro. Swiftly and noiselessly sho disappeared amongst tho shadows of tho station, whilo God frey stood as if rootod to tho spot, unable to. move. V'Good gracious mo!' exclaimed Miris Kozinli, hurrying'out. ' What a time you ore, Godfroy! Hoiv much longer aro you going . to keep me ekakinfjiand shivering iu this ubotnin- ablo 'station, I wonder?' She poored curiously into liis fnco, and hor own uliungod. ' What is the matter, God froy ?' sho nsiced, in a Bubduod voioo. 'You lpok ns if you had .soon a ghost!' ' So I liavo,' lio rojoinod raeolianio- nlly ; but when slio nsknd him tn explain liis wordB lie only lnughod nnd snid lie thought his brain must lie giving way uiulor tlio strain of the events that tho Inst few hours hud brought forth. :;#<# » /' Poor Madolino 1 A voritnblo lionrt sioknoss foil upon hor nssho snw God froy driving nwny from Duopdono, for ho soomod totnlto with liim till hor now- born bopos of convincing him that slid wns not 'tlio morconnry cronturo I10 boliovod dior to ho. . Sho felt that sho could not write - to him half what she could liavo said,, aud yot a lottor was now her only nlldrnhtiyd, V sinoo tlioro was littlo 'ohanoe Vf ithpir mooting for soinp time;, Acoordiiigty, ns soon as sho ronohod lior own room, sho snt down to' 'hor desk, nnd boirftii hor difiloult. tnslc — for it wri's difiloult tp'p'iit down in bln'oV nnd. whi'to.1 words ; that . .would havo flowod onsily onougli from hor lips lit n poraonnl iutorviow. Sho did hor best to. malco tho lottor bridf riiid businesslike," simply tolling! him! that slip hnd boon in porfpot ignornnco of . Sir' Rieliavd's intontions tuwnvds hor, and tliat hor sonso of justico could not permit hor to rotain tho 'Doopdono ostntos, which, directly sho', wns of ago, sho purposod handing ovor to liim. ; Sho broatliod n sigh of roliof whon slid liiid signod lior nanio, and plnood this lottor in its onvolopo. Then camp tlio task of direoting it; and' ii faint' littlo Bmilo curvod tho girl's wonvy lips ns alio wroto tlio nddross, 'for alio thought of tlioso droams that had 'oomo to lior in tho dusk of swddt .sumnior ovontngs, whon sho liad looked up nt tho young officor's picturo 111 tho gnllory, nnd hnd told horsolf tliat thisvniust surely bo her liord— -tho Prinoo of tlio fairy tale, whoso coming would bring" all tho joy of tho world in its train ! ...'. X Wild "Visions! : How . utterly thoy wore! spattered to tho winds now! If" !\Vith hor -lottor in lior hand she; dosddndod the stiiirs,' nnd in the 1 hall sho wns inot by Dr. Barnslinw wlio stopped on "ono side; nnd watohedjl'lior wliilo sho put tlio missivo'in tho: posfrr bng;i':: "! 7 " ' I 'linvo boon! writing . to '0nptain Yano,' sho said, a trned :bf defiance1, in lior tone';' tlint botvayed i itself1 in' - spito of.hbrsolf. ! ' ., ?. He smiled— the- dark, slow . smile , wliioh 111 tlio timo'to coino sho grow tb liato and foar. !';' : i.y.ou; liavo lost ,no fame,: AuaeuneiK 'No ; in a paso like tills onb doosnot nobd' tbloso tiiiio1. An inj itstiop cannot 1 bo romodiod too soon.' ' - : ! , Ho did.not- voply, and slip - passed on upstairs ngairi without adding more. At. tlio top of tbgJnircinaelpM-'inbtire' hbiiRpkpoppi1, wlio lbowbtf . witli Iblisb- qiiious politeness. . ' I was just doming to.asli you, miss, whether tbbre- was anything I could do for : : you ? ' said 'Mrs; Soamos, in the 8inoptbost nnd < most resppotful , j'of voidos; 'Would you liko mb''tb''SBhd you somo ton to your room, or jvill you hnvq.it -laid downstnirs ? ' 7 '.?;!' . IJI10; girl -.stnrod < for a moment, .in nmnzomont nt- the ohango in tho hqusp'- koppor's tones'. : Slib rpmoinbsrod libw. Mra.iSbnmos lind addressed, hor whon she- canio -to nnnouuoo tho nrrivnl of Miss Byrne, nnd tbo contrast made her smilo n little scornfully. ' ' '. : 'Thank you ; Sarah oatv briiig ino a cup of ton— thnt is nil I. .require, '.she snid, 'briefly, nnd would1 lifivb1 passed on had not tlio h6usokopp6rv,dotainpd hor. "'i.11- ' ' v.o'.-. . . ' I hopo, miss, tlint you'll lot by- gonos bo bygones, nnd I'm sure I've boon in .my lionrt dovotod to you. . over: sinop you first enmo boro,' deolarod' Mrs. Sonraos, with forvid' oloqupnpo.' ' It would' jiist kill mo to bo sont awny -from a homo vvhovo I'.vo spont tho bost 'yonrs of niy Hfp.' ir.i: ; v.' ' -; ?I linvo no intention of sending yoii: nwfty,'jMadolino rojoinod,. "obldly;';biit us sue ivuiii 011 sup couiu nun uuip thinking of tho difforonco Sir Bichard's- will liad wrought in hor. position; ' (iri'd of tho splendid dostiiiy sho wis on tho point of giving up; . . ',-Yory inipntiontly sho wnitod ; ' for! Godfroy's reply to. hor lottor, but . it did not oomo. Pirst days, tlioii weeks passed nwny, .'and .still no aiiswor, until at last Madolino gave up all bopo of ovor rocoiving ono. : 'l'lio girl was justly indignant at his silonco, wliioh was an insult that sho certainly, had1 not dosorvod. ; .< 'I supposo ho does not think I am worth writing to, and puts iio faith- in my k'boping my promisos wlioii I conio of ago,' alio said to horsolf,! wliilo tears of. -augry.' humiliation started, to . hor; oyos. ' Well, I have. .done- nil I Pail,', and now I must .wait until I am twoifiy-ono.' ; , : 17 . Sho said nothing to Dr. Earnshaw of her disappointment, ' arid lio, Ton his part, made 110 allusion to., the matter. To dp .him justice,; ho bohayed i.witli oxtroino kindnoss to his young ward, trj'ing-his boat to provide hor with auiusompnt in the shape of all tho new books, and. treating hor with that delicate attontiou whiohis so well oal- culatod to win a woman' s lionrt, and which, in spito of herself, began to mako Madeline fanoy sho hnd hardly done justico to hor whilom suitor. And so'tke months passed away — ; July cud August, and tho monotony of oiir heroine's lifo was uudisturbod by any more oxoiting incidents tban an occasional visit to tho country town, or tlio arrival of a box of books from- Mudie'a. But in the last week of August a 'change cqmo , in the, shape, of, a letter from one !of her old : sonoolfollows — a girl who1 had left . school to go to America, and of . whom Madelino hardly hoped to hear again. " Sho wrote to sny tlint sho lind nppliod to tho school in i sr.ross in Brussols for Madolino' s nddross, nnd lonrnod, to hor dolight, that she wns.iu England. ... Slin liersolf hnd mnrriod nn English nqniro, whoso homo wns in AYavwiok- Rliiro, nnd thero sho invited the young girl to visit hor, ndding that nothing would givo hor moro plonsuro thnn to soo hor formor friond ngnin. Of eoiirso, sho was unawaro of Mndolino's ohango of fortuno,- and fanoiod slio ,vas at Doopdono oitlior as governoBS or companion. Madolino nccoptod tho invitation with alacrity. Truth to toll, sho wns growing tirod of boing by horsolf so much — tired of paoing tbo lawns nnd walks of Doopdono with no, companion snvo Drl Enruslinw or. hor own thoughts, and tho prospoot of 1111 ontiro cliango was vory welcome to hor. Dr. Enrnsliaw did not soom to grpdt it quito so dnlightodly; indood.Uio at first throw dilfioulties tho wny, which Madolino, however, quiokly overruled. Then ho suddonly romomborod ho had friends of his own ' living quite near - to tho Trehonios,' and tloolarfld: his intention of staying a few dnys with1 thorn during tlio young girl's visit. . . ... ... ... '..'I will tnko you doiyn,',hb .said;, in conclusion, 1 and soo you safoly into Mrs! Troliorno's hands.' ' Thoro is no nscossity for your doing so,' slio rotuvuod, with a slight knitting of hor fine' brows." 'I - am porfootly ablb to talco enre of J mysolf.' .'= 'Aro you?'! lio nskod, 'smilingly. ' Porlinps so, but at tlio snmo timoiyou are far too prooious for mo to trust you with no otlior protection. Be sides '—and ho bont a littlo closer — ' thore can bo 110 groator plonsuro ou onrth for mo than to be noar vou.' Madolino mndo a swift gesture of inipationco, and turned away. This wns what sho dislikod iu Dr. Enrn sliaw — his constant romindors of that interviow of thoivs :in tho garden', ; at Doopdono, whioh slio would-' .gladly havo forgotten. ...... ,4 . . Hor preparations for hor'visit'lielped to put all other thought's out of her mind, nnd for two or throo days before hor 'jojumey she and ; Sarnh-iriwhpi was .to (ipoomgany bor as lior niaid— wove pccupiod.in turning over hor wardrobp, nnd; renovating suoii of hor growns, as were in want of this attention. Madelino had' a curious fooling nil this time — n sort of prophetic instinot that somo gront nnd stnrtling changes were about to niter tho current of lior lifo; but how groat, nnd how start ling these changes woro destined to be, her wildnst imaginings could hardly; havo shndowod forth ! f'J'o be continued. J 