THE'RESCUE. Mr. Robert Bruce, originally descended t from some hiranch of the ancient family of that t name, was born in humble circumstances, about the close of the last century, at Dum fries, in the south of Scotland,; anrid was bred up to sea-faring life. When about thirty years of age, to wit, in the year 1828, he was first mate on a barque trading between Liverpool and St. John's, New Brunswick. On one of her voyages bound .:westward; being some five or six weeKs otit, and having neared the eastern portion of the banks of Newfoundland, the captain and mato hiad been on board at noon, taking an "observ'ritiori of the sun ; after which they both descended to calculate their day's work. - The cabin, a small one; was inmmediately at the stern of the vessel,'and thi short stairway. descending to it ran athwartships. Immedi ately opposite to this stairway, just beyond a small square landing; :was the mate's state room ; and from thiit landing'there were t~io doors, close to'eich bther, the one opening aft into the cabin, the other, fronting the :stair way, into the state-room. The desk in the state-room was in the forward part of it, close to the door; so that any one sitting at it and looking over his shoulder could see into the cabin. The mate, absorbed in his calculation, which did not result as he expected, varying con siderably from the dead- reckoning, had not noticed the 'captain's motions. When he had completed his calculations, he called out, without looking round, ' I make our latitude and longtitude, so and so. Can that be right ? How is yours ?' Receiving no reply, he repeated hisquestion, glancing over his shoulder and perceiving, as he thought, the captain busy writing on his slate. Still no answer. Thereupon he rose; and, as he fronted the cabin door, the figure he had mistaken for the captain raised its head and'disclosed to the astoinished mate the features of an entire stranger. Bruce wvas no coward; but, as he met that fixed gaze looking directly at him in grave silence, and became assured that it was no one whom he had ever seen before, it was too much for him;: and instead of stopping to question the seeming intruder, he rushed upon deck in such evident alarm that it. instantly attracted the captain's attention. ' Why, AIr. Bruce,' said the latter, ' what in the world is the matter with you 1' 'The matter, sir? Who is that at your desk 7' ' No one that I know of.' 'But there is, sir.; there's a stranger there.' .. 'A st?aiger !i W'hy, man, you must he dreaming. "You must have seen the steward there, or the second mate.: Who else would venture down without orders 7' 'But, sir, he was sitting in your armchair, fronting the door, writing on your slate. Then he looked up full in my face ; and, if ever I saw a man plainly and distinctly in this world, I saw him ' ' Him t",Whom' . ' God knovws, sir; I don't. ' saw a inan; and a mrirn I had never 'seen in my life be fore.' 'You must be going crazy, Mr. Bruce. A stranger, and we nearly six weeks out !' 'I know, sir ; but then-I saw him.', ' Go down and shee'hboit is.' i . :-?? Bruco hesitated. 'I never was a believer in ghosts,' hle said Sbut, if the truth must be told, sir, I'd rather not face it 'alone.' ' Come;iome, man Go clown at. once, and don't mnakea fool of youirself before the 'crw.' 'I hope you've always founid me willing to do what's reasonable,' Bruce replied, changing colour; 'but if it's all the same to you, sir, I'd rather we should both go down together.' The captiiini deshonded . the stairs, and, the mate followed him.' Nobody in the .cabin I They. examniiied thIe state-rooms.' Not asoul to be found . 'Well, Mri. Bruce,' said the captain, -' did not I tell you you had Ibeen dreaming ?' ' It's all very well to say so, sir ; but if I 'didn't see-that man writing on your slate, may. I never see my home and famnily again I' 'Abh I writing on the slate I Then it should be chere sitill.'.. AindB tte captainrtooik it up. ' By all, that is sacred I he exclaimed, .'Here's something, sure ?riough? 'I s that your writing, Mir. Bruce ? (' The mate took the slate ; and tl're, in plainx legible characters, stood the words, 'STUER TO TiHE NOt'-WYEST.'. ' 'Have you -been trifling with me, :sir ?' added tlhe'caplirtl,;'in 'rsetern mannner. ' On myword as a man and ias a sailor, sir,' replied Bruce, -I1?liiiow ibsoimore of this matter than you do ?.IJIavio told -you the exact truth.' S Th d'captain iiant down at his desk, the slate b efore him, in deep thought. At lIst, turn S oirig -the"-slmte over and ppushing it towards Bruce,.lie sav, 'Write dow1n, ?Steer to the nor'-west." ' The mate conplied ; and the craptain. after narrowly comparing the- two hbrinid- wriings said, 'Mr. ru?uei, go and tell the second mate LO COMIO UUMML'W II ' i)t He came; anod, at the captains request, he also wrote the' same words,- So did the stoward., So, inasucc ssion, did every nanlof the crew who could writest all. But.not one of the variouhinds reseonbled in aly;degree the mysterious writing. Vhenfttlie crew; retired; the `captain sat deep: in thought. *' Could any one have beeno stowed a?tvay 'i at last he said. ' The ship must be searched; and if I doin'b 6nd-thewfellow,ohe must be. a. good handju nthide. and seolk. ;.Order'f ; all hands,' J$ e", Every nnok and corner of the vossel,.from` stern to stern, wa,- thdroiglily seariched, and that with all the eagerness of excited curi osity-for-the report had gone out that a stranger had ihown4,himself on board; but not a living soul,, beyond .the odew ind :the officers was found. Returning..to the cabin after their fruitless . search, * 'Mr. Bruico,said the captain, whet do you make of all this ' ' Can't tell, sir, I saw-the man write; you see the writing., There 'iust be somiehing in it.' ' Well, it, would seeomso Vo have the wind free, and I h'avei a* great6 mind td:o6keep her away and see;what Will odbteof6 it'; j i 'I surely would, sir, if t? were in' your place. It is onily a fowhours1;lost, anbthe worst.' - «'?Well, we'll see. Go o d;eck, ad' give the t course nor-west. And Mr;' Bruce,' he added, tl as the mate rose to go, ' havoe look-out aloft, a and let it be a hand you can depend on.', His orders were obeyed. About three v o'clock the look-out reported an': iceberg nearly ahead, and shortly after, what he 11 tfidught was a vessel of some kind close to it. c As they approached, the captain's glass 1 disclosed the fact that it was 'a dismantled ship? aplarently frozen to the ice, and with a good many human beings on it. Shortly after i they hove to and sent out the boats to the relief of the sufferers, It proved to be a vessel from Quebec, bound tp Liverpool, with passenges on board. She'had got entangled in the ice, and finally frozen fast, and had passed several iveeks in a most critical situation. She was stove, her decks swvept-in fact a mere .wreck; all her provisions and almost all lhr water, gone. Her crew and passengers had lost all hope of being saved, and their gratitude for the un expected rescue was proportionately great. SAs one of the men had'beeif broiught away in i the third boat that had reached the wreck was I ascending-the ship's -side, the mate, catching I a glimpssa of his face, stirte liiback 'ir con sternation, It was the very face-he had seen three or four hours before, looking up' at him from the captain's desk.. At first he tried to persuade. himself it ° might be fancy; but the more he examined the man the more sure he became that he was right. Not only the face, but the person and the dress exactly corresponded. As soon as the exhausted crew and famished passengers were cared for, and the barque on . her course again, the mate called the captain aside. ' It seems that was not a ghost I saw to-day, sir ; the man's alive I' e' What do you mean I Who's alive?' ' ' Why, sir, one of the passengers we have' saved is the same man I saw writing on your slate at noon. I would swear' to:it in a court ' of justice ' .'Upon my word, Mr. Bruce,' replied the captain, 'this gets more and more singular. SLet us go and see this man,' 'They found him in conversation wiith the captain of the rescued ship?? j' They both came t forward, and expressed, in 'tie'ivirmest termis, their gratitude for deliverance fromn a liorrible e fate-slow-coming death by exposure, and starvation. . The captain, rr'plied that 'Ie, hadshl;ui done' 0 what he was certain they would .have done n for him under the same circumstances, and Y asked them both to step down into'the cabin. r' Then turning to the passenger, he said,,' I hope, sir, you will not think I am trifling With you; but I would be much obliged to you if i you would write a few words on this slate.' And he handed him the slate, with' that side up on which the mysterious writing was not. " I will do anything you ask.' replied the passenger ; ' but what shall.I write ? ' e 'Afeow words are all I want. Suppose you I write, " Steer to the:nor'-west. ' ' The passenger, evidently puzzled to make out the motive for such a request, complied, r, however, with a smile. The captain took up n the slate and examined it 'closely; then, stepping aside so asto coiiceal the slate from the passenger, he turned it over, and gave it to him again with e tlher, side ulp; ' You say that it is your handwriting 4' said he., "'I need not say so,' rejoined -the other, s looking at it, 'for you saw me write it.' ' And this ' said the. captain, turning the, slate over;- "'. r-":.. The man looked first ateone writing, then at the other,' quite::confounded.V At last, ' what is the meaning of this i' said he. ' I only wrote, one. of these. Who.' wrote: the other' ". ' [ ' That's more thim I cantell you, sir:. ', My . mate says you wrote it, sitting: at this desk at noon to-day , ' The captain of the wreck and the passenger g looked at each other, exchanging,glances of' r' intelligenco and surpriie;i and the formeoi asked the latter, 'Did you .dream. that you wrote on this slate ?' I ' No, sir, not that I remember.' ' You speak of: dreaming,'saiid the' captain d, of the barque.'." . Wheat ,was this.gentlemanc about at noonto-day l ,- f ' Captain,' ,rejoined, the other, '" thoe whole thing is most mysterious and extraordinary ; y. and I had intended to speak.to'you' about it d as soon as we got a little quiet. This gentle inian' (poirnting 'to the " passenger), ' being i 'uch exhausted, fell into mi heavy sleep, or seemed such, some' time before noon.. After an. hour or more he awoke, and said to me, -a "'Ciptain, we shall be relieved this very day." SWhen I asked him what reason he had for R saying so, hie replied that lie drearmed lie' Was' , on board a barque; an'd that sheo was coming to bur .escueo. . GEITe ddscrilbed' hirarppepamrnce , and rlig; and, to ouriutter astonishment, wlin Syour vessel hovo -in sight, she corriespondred eiexactlylwith lhis description of her. We. had n ot put much'fLitth in what he said; yet still we hoped there, might be'soriiottiing in it,ifor drowning meni', you· know,' will 'catlhi' ait s straws. A it lihas turned out, I udcaniot doubt that it was all ai ranged,:in 'somo immcompre Shensiblo way, by an overruling:Providengce, so that eO mighlt be saved.'; To' Hi?n be all \- thanks fo'" Hiis godnki? to'?.' i . " i Theo~.rai':that th doiiw,' Iiqjoinged ':th :oitheri e ??ave come ,there _s o it may, sacvoc alltyour, \- lives, ,.I was steering at the time considerably, south of w'es, andT 1.alta eil my cours o odrti west~t'rnd; hadl,n loolk-out4ialbft L to s w d ihrit would come ofsit. But .you. say,' he addedh turning to the ?passenger,;4 that you aid not dream of writing oni; slat' , S' No,; sir..' I have no recollebti5on whatever 1of doing so. I got theo. impression that the Iarque I saw in my dream was coming to rescue us ; but hoew that impression came, I S-carinotej tell:"ý Thorn iis' nnother,?vry;striingo tliingabou.if,''ho tldded; ' evorjytthig lif roeon' board teems to me quite familiar; yet I am very sure I never was in your vessel before. iIt is all a puzzle to me. W;l hatýidiyduin mate see 1' a -Thereupon lMr. Bruce related to them all the circuinsiaRiiaesmiliol~d?b dotaileddi % The "cn' elusion they finally arrived at was, that it was a special interposition .of Providence to save .them from what see m'ol"l ltopjl?li·l fat. .3 Tihe above narrative was communicated to \- me ruby CaptainiJ. S.: Olatrke, of the sclhooner, ib JJulia Hallook, wh'had'it" directly from'Mr%. Bruce 'himself. They sailed together for id seventeen months,'in the years 1836 and 1837,; ior so thatOiCaptin Clnarke hidtioe story fioim th ' Sniiatoabout eight years? after< theooc?urrenqer, i~r HI'lias since lost sight of him, and does not ae know whether lhe is yet alive. All. he has heard of him sitnce they' were rship?iates is that he continued to trade to New B3rtinswick, that he became ilih master of the brig Coinet, and that she was lost. I asked Captain Clarke if he knew Bruce well, and what sort of man he was. ' As truthful and straightforward a man,'' he replied, ' as ever I :net in all my life. We were as intimate as brothers ; and two men can't be shut up together for seventeen mbnths ini the same ship, without getting to know whether they can trust one another's word or not. He always spoke of the circumstances in terms of reverence, as of an incident that seemed to- bring tiim nearer to God and to another world. I'd stake my life upon it that he told me no lie.' 