Indian Oliost Dance. The Ghost Dance of the Sioux Indians has seldom been witnessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one of them as seen from a distance bv an enter prising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons -were cor ralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled themselves to modern ways, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark, and though the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about 10 minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the eld squaws joined hands .and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and, joining hands in a larger circle behind the old squaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The old women, meanwhile, had each pro cured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Re turning with these, they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors, and pased through the circle like a procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when every, one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the war paint of the braves means a deadly inten tion to the whites is unfortunately but too clear. 