CHORAL SERVICE-SERMON BY THE PRIMATE. On Tuesday evening a choral service was ren- dered in the Pro-Cathedral,, the building was crowded. The Bishopi and Clergy entered in pro- cession and the processional hymn " Onward Chris- tian Soldiers," waa sung. . The Rev.'S. J. C. Grime intoned evening service, and/the lessons were read by the Rev. Canon White, ' and the Rev. B. A. Anderson. The Primate preached, choosing as his text St. John xv, 12, 13,14. He said : We have just cele the wonderful fact of the ascension of Jesus the Christ into heaven. We are about to commemorate the wonderful outpouring of *' power from on high" upon the little band of disciples who had tarried at Jerusalem, waiting and praying for " the promise of the Father," of which their Lord had assured them. I have, therefore, chesen for my text words of Christ which connect the thought of the ascen- sion with the work of the church, and imply the gift of the spirit of God as a response to Christian prayer, and as a supply of strength for every believing diseiple of Christ. The topic of the Church's work and the Church's stresgth is an appropriate one for the occasion on which we have met together te-day. After a long period of suspense, of tarrying, of (I doubt not) praying, the chnrch in this diectse has been enabled to cheese, and has now welcomed its Bishop ; and the synod eommencos its session with its acelesiastioal framework complete. Do we not do well to remember that all ministries of the church are the gift of our Ascended Lord ; that all the werk done in and through the chureh on earth is the continuation and expansión' of what Christ " began to do and teach ;" and that this work is only made possible, made powerful, made fruit- ful, by the Spirit of truth whom the Father sends in Christ's name-i.«., through Christ as the One Mediator who has linked earth to heaven, and in His own person has so bonnd up prayer with promise that divine strength is made perfect in human weakness for all who will believe in Him, and so go to the Father in Him. We are eneouragod to pray in Christ's name, plead ing all that Jesus has done and promised ; God answers in Christ's name, and tha Father i« glorified in the Son. The work of the church is the expan- sion of Christ's ministry and miesien, and the ap- pointed exposition of it. It is the eonsequence and result of the ascension. Jesus on earth, the prophet from Nazareth and Galilee, was a teacher whe did wondrous warks, and made great claims and attrac- ted muck notioe, but ia a comparatively confined area, and seemingly limited range of influence. Hi« mission appeared to ba ignominieusly finished and effectually frustrated by the death, as a .riminal, upon the areas. But the ascended Jesus, risen from the dead, and exalted to Sod's righti hand, continues in, and through, His ahurch the work began in that short ministry on earth. " Greater things" are dene through tha growing body ef believing diseiples than were done by tho Master Himself. The seed He sowed grows ; the leven He infused works; the little band of de- spised disaiplss becomes a Catholic Church ; the teaahing of Jeans ef Nazareth becomes a world-wide gospel; the Galilean peasant comes ta be recognised as the exalted Prince and Saviour. The work of Christ's Church more or lets effectively represented and realised''T differ- ent particular or local churches, and in the indivi- dual efforts of every believing disciplo, is tha ex- position of Christ's revealing, redemptive, restora- tive meseage f ram God above. Through the church is to be made known the knowledge of Gad, as brought near in Christ Jesus ; through the chureh is to be muda known " The word of the Cross," the good news of reconciling and pardoning love ; through the chureh is te be held out a glorious hone far human saaiety, " The Gospel of the Suing dam." The mere worldly view ef life is godless ."J l.»^.1~-~ XI^-;^.;" j. M,a Ui^«J nnfA*»M> nf it. [ But the Christian view of life-that philosophy I of life, wbVh it is the very function of Christ's Churoh in the world to inculcate, to cultivate, to I maintain_is a .hopeful view, in spite of the Bins, I and sorrows, anti sufferings of men, because it is God's own view, repealed in Christ. The " great things" which Chris,* set onfootiu his earthly ministry were intended to ripen into, and have ripened into, the "greater things" which so far transcend all that was then commenced by Him, or expected by those who followed Him, in the days of His humiliation, All that is most lofty in our standard of morals, all that is moat lovely and pure, and peaceful in our religious aspirations, all that tends to deepen philanthropy and to extend justice is frem Christ ; and the building up of the mystical body of Christ, which is the blesaed company of all faithful people, is the very salvation of the world. Yes, the church's work is an expan sion|of|divine blessing, an exposition of divine truth, an exhibition of divine hope. But, how is thiB work to be done ? What is the churches strength ? Who is sufficient for this work ? How are we to stem the tide of corruption and moral evil which, in spite of all the knowledge of God that has been given in Christ, is yet so strong, and manifests such startling reaultseven in professedly Christian places, and Christian persons ? How shall we make head- way amid the conflicting currents of opinion, and the varied blasts of vain doctrine that surge and bluster abound us, as we try to steer the right course for the haven of high and holy desire ? Or, to change from thought of conflict to thought of construction, how are we to convert the evil into good ? How consolidate the spiritual temple? How establish the spiritual kingdom? Christ's promise to His believing disciples gives the answer. He who calls the Church to work, assures the Church of strength. Prayer, in His name, brings to us every blessing that we need ; and all needed blessings are summed up in the gift of the Holy Ghost. "Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me." This divine power, which is coincident with the promised divine presence of Christ with his people, is assured to the Church in its collective capacity, and to everv eenuine member of it. And, all through the history of Christian churches, the Church of Christ has never failed to be a witness for the truth, and a vehicle of blessing. All the churches, indeed, have in some respects failed ; and no one of them can boast of a monopoly of truth, or of a record of perfection. But the duty of every particular church ia to correct itself again and again by re. currenoe to Christ, and to aim at more and more conformity with the ideal held out in. Holy Writ, ,as that which God purposes to realize. So only shall the many mistakes which have been made, and the barriera which have been raised between one and another section of the Catholic Church be gradually remedied and removed, and the world baoome better as Christians become more truly united. Meanwhile, we, as loyal members of a particular church in this land, connected with that National Church of England, whose remark- able history attaches itself to the whole develop- ment of Christianity in the mother country, have our special duties, responsibilities, and hopes. In our organization, whether we think of the synod, or of the parish, of the province, or of the diocese, there is a grand framework for the distribution and combination of Christian labour in a useful and orderly method, however much local exigencies or defects may for the present prevent us from the full advantages of the scheme laid down. In our doctrinal position, we are at once Catholic and Protestant, in the best sense of those much-used and much-abused terms. In the comprehensiveness which belongs to our church, in consequence of its historical development, and and itB connection with national growth, we have freedom, and a variety, which, although not with out an element of danger to the stability of doctri- nal precision, are certainly advantageous to the social range and extension of church work. My brethren, I ask you to-day to pray for grace and wisdom, that you here, and all members of our church elsewhere, may rightly and heartily use the great opportunities thus placed in our hands. Pray, pleading this promise of Christ. Pray for special outpouring of the spirit of God. He can alone vitalise the administration of our Church syBtem ; He alone can keep us in the true fath ; He alone can harmonize diversities of gifts, working in each disciple severally as He will ; and fitting together the varieties of opinion and feeling in one holy resultant of loving, living, work for God's glory and man's good. I have spoken of the Church's work, and the Church's strength. This work, recollect, enters into all developments of hdman history, and into all departments of human aotivity. The work of the church, sustained by prayer to God our Father through Christ for Hia guiding and energizing spirit, has been, and must be, increasing benefit to the world. Whatever abnormal growth of wickedness and opposition to the truth there may be (and Christ's selemn question, " When the Son of Man cometh, shall he find faith on the earthi?" suggests an awful mystery of unbelief 1) Christ's Body, the Church, is being builded up, " until we all come into the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, into the measure of the statute of the fullness of Christ." The existence, the growth, the expansion of Christ's Church have an intimate connexion with all social problems, social, conflicts, and endeavours to pro- duce social harmony. In proportion as christian principles prevail, purity and peace and jus- tice, and brotherly kindness will gain the upper hand, and prepare for the good time coming. Whilst, however, we speak of the Church collec- tively, we must never forget that its work, its witness, its warfare, its victory, depend, under God, upon the faithfulness of individual members. " He that believeth" is to be noticed, as well as " ïe shall ask. Te shall be witnesses." The pro- mise to each is connected with the duty of all. " He that believeth on Me" shall do great things. What a call to individual faith ! What a comfort in individual effort ! Permit me, in conclusion, as having take» part in the interesting ceremony of to-day, to express the hope which I entertain con- cerning this dioceae, in entering upon a new phase of administration. Tou hare had here _and are, I am sure, thankful' to have had as ad mistrator of t e dioeese, a man of ability, diligence, and earnest conscientiousness-but he, and all of you rejoice that the long delay which, in the in scrntable Providence of God, has been allowed to take place between the departure, for sad reasons, of your late Bishop, and the arrival of his successor, is now over. You have oh osen for yourselves, as the chief pastor of the dioceae, a man of God, tried and approved in Christ ; «ne who has been enabled' to work for many years, ia trying and arduous ctrcumstanoes, with with no little success. I will net praise aim in any artificial eulogy. It is what I could net do, and what he would not wish. But I commend him to-day to your prayerful sympathy, and ask for him, at your hands, loyal, patient, ungrudging co-eperatiea. My trust is that, God helping him and you, ka may be enabled to infuse fresh life and vigour and enthusiasm into all the departments of church work in this diocese. Tet remember, I pray you, that a Bishop is only one mau, and that whilst you rejoice ia his coming among you, te take Hp' the werk of chief paster, ha ©innot do that work with thorough suecess unless each of you, in tha faithful and prayerful relation te Christ, af whick my text speaks, does his individual share of the work committed tp the whola church. The clergy and laity alike it appertains to witness and work far Christ. In our synod here alargy and laity assembled together, discuss together, decide together after discussion held. It is well that it should be so. I rejoice in the combination. Tha idea that a clergyman is all spiritual, and a layman all secular, is a false and foolish idea. God blend us all more closely in a true «ommunio* of responsibility, and effort of love and hope. And to you, my dear brother, who have come to this diocese to take up episcopal work in very different cirtauutaaces from those in the dioeeso which you have left, what shall I say? Simply this : That I greet you as coining into the province of which, in God'« providence, I am the Metropolitan Bishop, and that I wish yon heartily God-speed ia the new sphere of labour to which you hare been called. You will have.un one way, a less laborious post; bnt yon will have^new dis- entitles and anxieties to fa«o, Yo« knew already mach of the burden whick a bishop has to b«ar ; you know also, I ana well assured, much of the strength which, through prayer in Christ's name, cernes down from the ascended Lord to His servants upon earth. May the spirit of truth, and holiness, and comfort, and wisdom abide upon yea, inspiring yen with good desiros and right judgment ; and may He strengthen yon, in all pationee of love and hopefniñeas, to discharge the high duties of year o£«e faithfully state the «ad !" 