EXCELSIOR CLUB'S ENTER TAINMENT. One of the most unique, interesting, and varied entertainments ever Been in the Borough was given by the above Club ou Monday evening last to a crowded house. The first part consisted ot what was termed a drawingroom entertainment. The stage presented %e appearance of a handsomely furnished room, supposed to have been, for the time being, the residence of Mr. 1. W. Hollsad, who in iua capacity,; of host .has invited severalraemlwrso'E the Gli* to spend a social evening, and to aid him in entertain ing ihem the services of his colored servant Adolphus, ably impersonated by Mr. H. Barton, was brought into requisition. Much amusement was caused through the bungling of this individual in introducing the guests. Eventually, however, the task was accomp lished, and they -set to work with a will to amuse themselves and the audience. The proceedings were commenced by Messrs. Breadmeyer, Cresswell and Tatnall playing an overture, the instruments being piano, flute and violin, after which tbe host called upon Mr. Rabbins to sing ' Elsie Dear.' This set the ball rolling, and songs, choruses and recitals were the order of the hour. To individualise tbe items -would be anperfinous, suffice it to say that each and every item was in itself a gem well calculated to please the mostfastidions. The second part was com menced by Messrs. Holland, Smith. Stivey, and Professor Breadmeyer giving some dar ing, and at the same time most graceful, evolntioua on the 'horizontal bar. Following this came a rong and dance by Miss Mary Smith entitled 'The lily of the Lake.' which was charmingly executed. Then ap peared a rather substantial phantom, sup posed to be the ghost of Benjamin Bibbs, who detailed the troubles he had while in the flesh aad suddenly vanished, after which Miss Grace M'Farlane sang in her usual pleasing style ' lenore.' Miss Jenny Smith then sanK 'Golden Love' very sweetly. Mr. N . TTa&tintjg; caused some diversion with his song 'You should have seen 'tin go.' This item ushered in a ' Flag hornpipe,' danced. very nicely by the Misses Lily and Violet Cresswell. ' loves old sweet song ' by Mrs. Brookhonse and an invisible chorus was splendidly rendered. ' Daisy,' a reci tal, very pathetically delivered by Mr. Barton, was much appreciated. A novel minuet entitled ' Fan Flirtation,' illustrat ing the poetry of motion and requiring some difficult pofing, was excellently done by Miss Lily Engeler. Mr. W. Hastings was very successful -with hU comic song 'They're after me,' and for an encore sing ' The girl from McCarthy's Hotel.' A duet, 'In the dusk of the twilight11 was given with good expression by the Misses M. Jformao and J. Smith, their voices Mending most harmoni ously. ' The song that reached my heart ' was very sweetly sung by Miss A. Charman. Master Williams was very frieky in his song and walk round 'When the old man comes home sober,' and 'the item was re-demanded. The Jong and -diversified programme was brought to a conclusion . fay three seemingly tname st»tae»,-£ropersonated~iy-Mesera. J: ? Smith, T.RbbbinssndW.Libbis, suddenly ?springing into life . and . giving a -splendid exhibition of Indian olnb swinging, the scene was greatly enhanced by the introduction of various colored lime lights. A repetition of this splendid programme will be given on Monday evenine next, when tickets will be obtained at the box office only. Front seats U., body of hall 6d. 