®cho*0 mtig^-Eckots. CZARCOSM. [BR HDQH KALTPTCS.) The Heathen Chinee is the " Yellow Agony" »f Australia, and the persecuted, expatriated Hebrew is the "Dark Terror"of Russia, becanse he is so much more intelligent and tansaesB-like than the average Muscovite* Australians—another name, of course, for Englishmen—have a fairer way of dealing with aliens «f the objectionable type than the " Rooehian" 'has—I say Roost)an because they have a fancy for what we call "hoorooeh"—that is to say, they go headlong and heedlessly into matters, BO matter bow mnch they may affect the Commonwealth—if there is such, a thing as a regard for the common good in .Russia. The middle-age Russian, for, from our advanced position, he is no further ahead than England waa in mediaeval times, ie to-be pitied. He does not knaw anything about the freedom •f the Press. By order of the Czar, •r rather the - .authorities in the name of the Czar (an effigy always up to be shot at that he is) no paragraphs or articles ,•commenting upon the raid .against the Jews in Russia are allowed to be published in holy Russia. Great (Caesar's ghost! JMy Russia indeed. We -caH it unholy Russia ."here. We independent Anstraliane with a .free Press, outspoken and fearless, can hardly realize'tW idea of any one, even the official of the Czar oC -all the Eossias, or a representativeof, Victoria herself,, going up to ah Australian newspaper office and orderiAxg the Editor to< potcertainarticles in the wastepaper basket. The messenger would most likely find the. waste-paper basket inverted over his bead, and there would be a vigorous application of the principle "speed the parting .guest/ 1 . If the Czar tainiBelf went up to an English ot- an Australian editor's sanctum in person or . by proxy he would Teceive all the consideration dne to his exalted rank* or the high rank represented, bnt as for ibe newspaper criticism next day he would have to take his ohattoe with the humble6t political agitator. He would not be backed as in Russia by a host of offieers and soldiers, but he would "have to«tand the radket," to use a colonial phrase, if the Czar of all the Russias and as much more as he can get hold -of," .read .the comments of the English Press upon the baocarat scandal, and the connection of His Most Sacred Alleged Future Majesty, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, with the same, he would rise np and cough behind his hand in a deprecatory, not to say horrified and scandalised fashion. He and his sycophantic officials would be horrified at the idea of commenting adversely upon' anything the " Czareovitch*' of England had done or conld do. The -Editors of the Timet, and various other journals would have been sent off straightway by special' footback to Siberia with no .prospect of returning. But hush ! st Russian man-of-war may come here even now, and exile the Editors of the two daily papers to-pentral'Mount Stuart, confiscate the plant, knout Tom Playford, imprison-Charley Kingston/depose Judge Boucaut, boil Cotton alive, and issue an ukase from the Czar ordering the Mayor of Adelaide and all fais brethren to de-. part to Torrens Island or the Althorpes, taking the Cyclorama of Jerusalem .with them for all eternity. As things stand, hoiwever, the Russian Bear'would find that he could not do much hugging after his own fa?Hion. It is not long «inpe that Ford—the independent landlords the. York Hotel—actually refused to receive a millionaire Indian Rajah (who ruled with the authority of life and death in his own territory) and his. retiniie because he did not wish to'inconvenience' his regular customers. The: Czar of Russia woold not be able to gag the Press or the public out of his own dominititas or in them, if his people were all [Englishmen or Australians. Evesi -imChurch we sometimes receive omens ef the future, and if we would only take advantage of them sometimes, they would be as useful as the prophecy of the clairvoyant.. On last Sunday evening the concluding hymn sung in a -suburban Church contained the . word "Mystic"—"Fruit of the Mystic Rose"— and a well-known sporting resident of the suburb in question made a note of it, the next day backing the horse of that name running in the Hurdle Race. The result was that he received a. totalizator dividend of £15 andsome odd shilling*. The sportsman ought to give the scriptural tenth to the Church who brought him the hick. Mr. Symon in his address to a Jury on 'a jaw-breaking case said he would-not like to hav&his; jaw -broken as his 'Client's had been. Certainly not. Mr. Symon makes so much by his jaw that he ought to be most careful of it. That is an invaluable jaw ol bit, it brings him in thousands a year. - "Tom Playford's only brings him in a thousand, and that -uncertain -r-very, with no-cohtidenae motkms in the air. -1Bdw--a man"-~pass a <oertain .country store the other day, writes Ab -Original, and -after he -had ' got down'the road a bit <he. giansed, turned back, and looked in at the window. Then he went'an;-and sup «n a £aHea tree, and Swayed badewird and forward with a spasmodic, yerky motion,- as one -will who is in pain. Perhaps-he has eaten of the Stent $ea>«aid I,snd ; :while I walked;-; towards Win, another tame, and paused at' the . shop window, and--linen -leaned against the. -adjacent poet, apparently, attacked by-'the.flame disorder. Tis strange,. thought X; - asd hastening to the • window I resolved to allay my -enriority, even r at the Tide 'of - my ownheoith. - -X. saw-, there nothing to cause 'any.-violent disorder oh! eight,. albeit some of the goods displayed may have' produced similar -consequences if 'taken in immoderate quantities. There' were lollies, tofcactio, boots, bacon, insect-powder, candles, pens, and ink, and other sundries, and a, placard bearing the inscription^-Bor WAKTHD. XNQcnu'WrrHjy. Turning to the'man leaning on th'e post, whow»s going'green and blue by turns, I said—" What is the matter; can I help you ?" He held his sides with his hands, and said—"Oh!" in such an agonised tone' that one's hands grasped one's own -panting, bulk in sympathy. After a lew eeoonds he aeemed to get calmer, but when I repeated my question be said " Oh!" again, and, \- pointing - to the - window, - relapsed into his former changing-lime light condition. The 'district trooper drew near just then, and asked the sufferer what ailed him, and received as a reply the same monosyllable, accompanied by the pointing of the finger. The trooper read • the legend, and burst into uncontrollable - fits of laughter. I went up and read it again— " BOY WANTED. Enquire Within." " What's in the wind ?" I asked tgain, and the trooper replied between his roars of merriment— "The storekeeper has a familyof six. Fiveof them are girls. His wife jwesented him with, another offspring yesterday. It's another lilBL.t" i heard afterwards that the storekeeper got into such a rage, when the inedioo broke the news to him, that he swore in the hearing of his~ errand boy, whose mother, being picas, took him away. Hence the placard. 