RELIGIOUS NEWS. Cucncit Parade. — About 300 membera of the Defence Forces assembled on Sunday after noon to attend a Church parade at the Cathe draL At a ouarter to 3 the men fell in at the head quarters, North-terrace, and led by the band marched to the Cathedral. Hi* Excellency the Governor attended in the uni form of Hon. Colonel of the Adelaide Lancers; he was accompanied by the Countess and suite. Major-Ueneral Downes appeared in his official capacity of Commandant, the other chief officers being Brigade-Major Lovett, Captains Tomkinson, A.D.C., and Stnoky, A.D.C., Major Plummer (1st Battalion), Colonel Makin (2nd Battalion), Colonel Lovely (3rd Battalion). Nearly all the body of the hall was occupied by the men, there being al3O a large gathering of tho public The Bishop (Dr. Kennion), who delivered an address to the troops, took for his text 1 Peter iL 17. After alluding to the reign of Her Majesty the Queen, which had begun fifty-four years pre viously, and speaking of the gloriou3 triumphs which had followed the Bntish race during her occupation of the throne, lie pointed out the lessons which could be derived from the text. Peter's whole life was a lesson of con sideration for others, an example which all soldiers should follow. 'Honor all men' should teach them comradeship, for it was the spirit of brotherhood that made a man do his best for those who wore the same uniform as he did and made them realize that they were linked together in doing a common duty. Fraternity was so true that they could not have brotherhood without fatherhood, and there was only one true fatherhood. The fear of God was surely the only fear that a soldier should have. It was only by having that fear that they would get a true conception of what their duty was. Soldiers more than any one else should honor tbe Queen. People talked as if monarchy was passing away, but if as was once said that 1,000 French swords would leap from their scabbard in defence of their ( -ueen. surely 100,000 swords would be raised if aught assailed our Queen, because they recognised that in the k.st fifty-four years was one of the most beueficial reigns ever known in the world. There was a greater prosperity in tho Queen's realm, and that prosperity in spite of all difficulties was steadily increasing. Men said that monarchy had Lately received a .*hoek. It was a_ shock. He had been re minded by that incident that there- was a time when England's Prince of Wales seemed to be the leader of. all frivolities in the Kingdom, and as he sat by his father's death bed he took the crown and placed it upon his own head, and sad as it must have been to the father he believed that the father spoke to his son words of great wisdonu When Ilenry V. came to the throne on the death of his father and was ctwmed King he altered his life. He (the Bishop) believed that our Prince would rise to the occasion, and that if tho shock has been felt, yet after all it might prove to be the very purification of that terrible sin of gambling, which was undoubtedly beginning to make such headway. He did not forget that God who had given us such a Queen would take care that England would not suffer, but that her destiny in the world would be fulfilled ; but they must not forget that that would depend upon how those followers who had to serve her stood loyal to their Queen, their country, and God. On leaving the Cathedral the troopa saluted His Excellency, and then marched to the parade ground, where they were dismissed. Lay Readers' Association. — The annual meeting of the Lay Readers' Association was held at St. Barnabas College on Friday, June 1!-. There was a fairly large attendance of members. In the unavoidable absence of the Bishop the c-hair was taken by the Rev. W. S. Milne. The Secretary's and Librarian's reports were read, and showed that a con siderable amo.int of interest had been taken in the work of the Association during the past twelve months. The following officers were appointed for the year :— President, Bishop Kennion {ex officio) ; Vice- Presidents, Rev. W. S. Milno. B.D., Dr. T. K. Hamilton : Com mittee, Rev. F. H. Stoke3. Messrs. J. H. Packard, W. H. Holmes. S. T. C. Best, W. O. Bradley ; Librarian, Mr. A. H. Roberts ; Secretary, Mr. W. Warner. It wa3 resolved to make further additions to tho library, and to arrange for a course of lectures during the winter months. PlRIE-STHEET WesT.ETAX CllCKC'It. — On Sunday reoin-uing services in connection with this Church were celebrated. On both occa sions there were large congregations. The Rev. Vivian R-oberts preached in the morning from Luke xi. 0, and in the evening the pulpit was_ occupied by the Rev. James Haslam, tho minister of the Church. His test was Ltilr; xii. ;-. He remarked :— ' Underneath the fcundation-stone of this Church the following document was placed— -'The foundation-stone of this chapel, for the use of tho people called Methodists, in connection with the soeietv established by the Rev. Jolui Wesley, A.M.', xvtts laid by His Excellency Sir Henry* Edward Fox Young, Kt, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, on Monday, the 15th day of July, a. n. lSTiij. l^-in;? t!: ?? fourteenth year of the reign of Her Must ? :ticious Majesty Queen Victoria ; tbe Rev. Thomas Jacksou boing the President of the British Conference : the Rev. William B. Boyce, General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Missions in Australia ; the Rev. Daniel L. Draper and the Rev. Thomas N. HnlL Ministers of the Adelaide Circuit; the Rev. R. C. Flockart, Assistant; Trustees, Messrs. John Colton, RobertHawkes, William McGuire, Andrew Johnston, Thomas Martin. William Johns. H. Hutchins, J. B. Hack. T. J. Mitchell. J. C. Coke, William Collins, Henry Goss ; Architect, Henry Stuckey, Esq.; Builder?, Messrs. W. H. Peryman jfc Son. Our yenprable founder has recorded it as his opinion that the object of God in raising tho Methodists was to spread scriptural Christianity throughout the land. To assist in promoting this object in South Australia this chapel is erected to the honour aud glory of tie Triune God— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Amen.' No pulpit is so near the very heart of the country s life as this one. Thi«. therefore, is a coign of advantage aud a position of grave trust.'' 