PCttST WITH THE FIGURES, ? ® ? No. 123. :~ ? By The Flanetjr. Bomb considerable time ago I submitted to our figurists the brain-worrying problem of the man, the monkey, and tho pole. This is one of those irrepressible trifles which, like Baoquo's ghost, ' will not down.' In all probability Noah and his family amused themselves wrestling with it during their rather tame evenings on board the Ark, and since then it has cropped up through the long roll of ages with a punctuality worthy of a better cause. It has never yet been successfully solved to pveryone's entire satisfaction and pro bably never will. Many oc our athletes took a fall out of it, but the referee had to declare it a drawn battle. Now it has cropped up once more across the ' herring pond,' and judging from the mass of correspondence produced in London papers, it has lost none of its wonderful vitality. All manner of men and women have tackled it, from Gladstone down to the Tichborno claimant, but no definite decision has yet been returned. The problem sounds simple enough, and it runs thus : — ' A. monkey was sitting on a pole and a man walked round the pole ; but sb he walked round the monkey turned round and was looking at him all tho time.' The question is, did or did not the man walk round the monkey ? And here are a few of tho most/sensible solutions sent along. If a wheel is not fixed to an axle, as in an ordinary carriage, the wheel revolves round the axle ; but if the wheel ?is fixed to the axle, bhe wheel does not revolve round the axle, the wheel revolves with it, but not round it. The man and the monkey would therefore bo in the position of spokes of. a wheel and revolving round the pole o/ axle. Therefore, as the monkey moved with fche man and in the same direction, the man did not re volve (or walk) round the monkey, but revolved with him round the pole or axle. If the monkey had moved round in the opposite direction to that taken by the man, the man would certainly have movqd round the monkey ; that would have bean a case or! ' wheels within wheels.' ... That seems positive enough, but the following speaks just as emphatically on the other side. Take a pair of compasses, Rest one leg on any ' thing you like, and with the other leg describe a circle. Let the place where the leg of the com piSB rest3 represent tV- tnp of the pole. Let the point of the leg repre -nt the monkey, and the inside surface of the leg so resting may represent the monkey's face. The movement of the other leg in describing the circle shall represent the ? movement of a man. Then, inasmuch ag it can Bcarcely be disputed that one leg of the compass ' has travelled round the other, the man must have walked round the monkey. Then again another solver says : — ' I give it as my very decided opinion that the ruin did not walk round the monkey. In the first place it is exceedingly difficult to circumvent a man or even a monkey when he has his eye on you continually But let us consider the question from another point of view. Supposing, with the consent of the ladies, we place the man and the monkey in the position of two partners performing circles in n, ball-room. In this case, although it may be objected that the parties are not looking at each other all the time, nevertheless it will be admitted that as they go round they constantly face each other ; in fact, they are part and parcel of each other, as far a3 movement goes, whatever their thoughts. Now, I hold that a man caunot walk round himself, or, to make my idea pUiner, he cannot walk round the button on his waistcoat.' The ingenuity and apparent soundness of the reasoning m these three answers are most credit able, and I would like to hear our athletes' opinion on the matter — that is after they have finished worrying out that equally difficult pro blem Freetrade or Protection. Ladies have tackled tho monkey mystery, and one auswer I received from a practical woman is a splendid sample of the sex's reasoning. It si tn ply ran as follows : — ' A monkey is a dirty beast anyway, and the man might have employed his time far better chopping wood at home, or even holding the baby, ttmn walking rouud a monkey-polo like a fool.' My fair correspondent neemed to think that no roapectable family should be without at least one baby in the house, and I am not quite sure she was wholly wrong either. :? Leaving babie3 for business now, the solutions to problem No. 120 are : — Nc. 1 — Radius of sphere 4 inches. No. 2— 838-ii-lbs. No. 3 — '1 per cent, per annum. Does anyone ' know where I can borrow a few millions at that rate now ? Correct replies received from Alpha j X.» Bathurst (delighted to hear again. The lady mentioned ha3 been so oftsn married that a bigamy prosecu^on ia needed) ; W. W., Redeem ; Hortenso (Royal Prisoners only released. What official would interfere in a case like that—except a Russian or a Balfouruian) ; M. W., Boga; Shamus, aged 12 years (excellent work) ; Bab bago ; Vera; J. O. M. (very welcome to our ranks— thanks Cor problem) ; Martin W., Glebe ; Sarah J., Balmain ; C. M'K , Crudine (sincorest sympathy. Outlook here ia at present at its worst. Must improve soon. Have noted address in case anything tura3 up) ; F. J. B., Ashfield j and Tapley. To-day's trouble is opened by J. O. M.— No. 1 : — ' A clerk, while posting from day-book to ledger, transposed an amount by placing the pence in the shilling column and the shillings in the pence column, thereby causing an error of 93 2d. With what amount could he make such a mistake ?' No. 2, from Vera : — ' The present worth of a bill due 6 months hence is .£500, but if due twelve mouths hence the present worth would be only ?£i95. Find the rate per cent.' (What price the Convention Bill also ?) And we close with No. 3, from Tyrone : — ' A house, let on lease which expires three years hence, brings in a profit rent of -£12 10s per annum, What fine must be paid now to add one year to the lease, compound interest being allowed at five per cent, per annum ?' 