CURRENT TOPICS. v Somebody, it appears, has stolcu the mace from the Victorian Assembly, and the Covornment has offered a reward of £100 for the discovery of the offender. Perhaps Cromwell's ghost has been haunting the premises and taken a fanoy to tho costly silver "baublo." Fortunately, however, an old maco was discovered in one of the parliamentary cupboards, and iB now brought forth again into active service. But thore is no nooesBity to make any great fuss about the matter. Except for the value of tho metal it contains, the mace signifies nothing in an Australian Parlia ment. It is a mere make-believe, and the symbol of an authority which does not exist, except in tho imagination. The mace of the House of Commons has a real importance. It indicates the authority of the Speaker, and is an assertion of the dignity of the High Court of Parliament, so much so that the sergean' carrying it can arrest offenders within the precincts by its more authority and without the necessity of a written warrant. In Australia, however, Parliament is not a High Court, nor a court at all in the legal sense of the word ; and therefore the maco is nothing more than an . orna ment — very pretty, certainly, but of no more importance or significance than the Speaker's robes or full-bottomed wig. If it could be used ' to knock long- winded and tedious members down when their speeches have exhausted the patience of tho House, its loss might be regretted ; but as the Sergeant-at-Arms is not per mitted to exercise this function tho mace may as well be telegated to its Biding place. It is a relic of antiquity which finds no place in our free institutions. Mr.. Parsell's funeral took place on Sun day aftcrnoou in Dublin, and, fortunately) no disturbance was created, 'i'hero were not wanting strong expressions of angry feeling, though they wero only manifested by the exhibition of such inscriptions as "Murdered" and "Revenge." The frantic adoration of the remains of the " illustrious tribune," as Mr. D. O'Con nor calls him, and the distribution of pieces of the coffin case, were merely expressions of Btrong. admiration for the career which has so abruptly been closed. Although tho Purnellite party is still, strong, and its members have a grudge against the secedcrs and their leaders, which has been accentuated by Mr. Parnkll's death, there can be little doubt that the way has been cleured by tho recent event for the attainment of Home Rule for Ireland. While the " house was divided "against itself," the prospects of this move ment were docidedly gloomy; but the disap pearance of Mr. Parnell will have the effect of uniting all parties for the common object, as it can hardly be supposed that his adherents will be so infatuuted as to throw obstacles in the way merely because he is no longer present to lead them. It will take some time probably, for matters to quiet down, and the heads of the party may have an unquiet time of it for some weeks ; but it would be sheer folly to throw away by disruption the advantages already gained for tho cause. To do so would be unjust to the memory of Mr. Parnell. At a meeting of tho depositors in the Australian Mutual Investment and Building Co. yesterday it was stated by the chairman that advauces had been made to three of the directors — between £7000 and £8000 to one, between £3600 and £4000 to another, aud about £300 to a third. For these amounts the society holds landed securities and a lien over the directors' shureB ; but it did not appear whether the inarkotnblo value of those covered the loans. Whether they are suffi cient or not, tho prinoiple of allowing directors to borrow from any society with which they are connected is utterly vicious. No bank manager is allowed even to keep his account at his own bank, and in every wuy he is pre vented from any chance of mixing up his nwn nriviLt.p fniTinn ffhunin wifcli tVinoo nf hlta institution. Notwithstanding this caution cases have occurred in which managers have indirectly beon involved in advances, but generally speaking tho salutary rule is strictly . observed. But borrowing by directors of building and kindred societies is a serious evil. When a board of ' directors, in secret conclave, agree to make loans to individual members upon any seourtty they choose to aocept, there is no snfety whatever for tho general body of shareholders and depositors. The door for fraud is set wide open, and it is their own fault if many do not go in thereat. There is reason for believing that in some of these institutions the directors havo obtained large advances, and seme of them on no better security than the deposit of their scrip, and a piece of paper bearing their highly respectable autographs. In case of a smash all these become utterly worthless. Although there may be nothing legally dishonest in the transactions, yet for reasons given, it may be hoped that in Mr, Brdoe Smith's new bill stringent- provisions will be made for prohibiting advances of every kind to directors, managers and all officers of any society, no matter how ample tho secqrity offered may be. If it is- gcod, they can obtain loans elsewhere ; and it should be out of their power to deal with it in their own companies if it is otherwise. Bat to bo effective the law must declare these transactions punishable. No good will bo done by enacting that they shall merely bo void, because tho niBohief has already been done. Tho wrong doers must be made to suffer. 