THE WORLD S DESIRE. By H. RIDER HAGGARD and ANDREW LANG. Melenam two immortalem fuitac imlical Itmpus. — Sertius. iExsio II., 501. BOOK in. CHARTER VI. , THE I1URNINO OF THE SHRINK. Kei, tho Priest, saw and heard,. Then, turn- itig, he stole away through the maddened throng of woioou, and with what speed lie might fled from tho Temple. Hie heart was tilled with fear and shame, for he kntw full well that Pharaoh was dead, not at the hand of the llathor, but at tho hand of Meriaumu the Queen, whom ho had loved. He knew well that dead Menoptnh spake not with tho voice of tho dread Gods, but with the voico of the magic of Meriamun, who, of all women that have been since tho days of Taia, was tho most skilled in ovil magic, tho lore of the Snake. He knew also that Moriamuu would slay Helen for the same causo wherefore she had slain Pharaoh, that sho might win tho Wanderer to her arms. "While Helen lived lie was not to ho won away. Now Rci was a righteous ui:iut loving the Gods and good, and hating evil, and his heart burned because of the wickedness of tho woman that onco ho cherished. This he swore that he would do, if tirno was left to him. He would warn the Helen so that she might fly the Are if so she willed, ay, and would tell her all tho wickedness of Meriamun, her foe. His old feot stumbled over each other as he fled till ha carno to the gates of tho Totuple of the Hathor and knockod upon the gates. 41 What wouldst thou, old crouo ?" asked Urn priest who sat in the gates. "I would bo led to tho presence of the Hathor," he answered. " No woman hath passed up to look upon tho Huthor," said tho priest. 44 That, women do not seek," Then Rci made a secret sign, and wondering greatly that a woman should have thciuner. wisdom, the priest let him pass. Ho came to tho socond gates. 44 What wouldst thou ?" said the priest, who eat in the gates. 41 1 would go up iuto the presenco of the Hathor." 44 No woman hath willed to look upon the Hathor," said tho priest. Then again Rci made tho secret sign, but still tho priest wavered. "Let me pass, thou foolish warden," said Roi, 44 1 aoi a messenger from the Gods." 44 If thou art u mortal messenger, woman, thou goest to thv doom," said the priest. 1 44 On my head bo it," answered Rci, and the priest let him pass wouderiug. Now he stood before tuo doors of tho Alabaster Shrine that glowed with tho light within. Still Rei paused not, only mutteriuga prayer that he might ho saved from the unseen swords, he lifted the latch of bronze and en tered fearfully. But none fell upou him, nor was he smitten of invisible spears. Before him swung tho curtuius of Tyriun web, but no sound of singing came from behind tho curtains ; all was silouce in tho Shrine. Ho passed be tween tho curtains, and looked up tho sanc tuary. It was lit by luauy hanging lamps, and by their light ho saw tho Goddess Helen seated between tlio pillars of her loom. But she wove no more at tao loom. Tho web of fate was rent by the Wanderer's hands, and lay on cither aide, a shining cloth of gold. Tho Goddess , Helen sat songless in her lonely Shrine, aud on her breast gleamed tho red Star of light that wopt the blood of men. Her head rested on hor hand, and her heavenly eyes of blue gazed omptily down tho empty Shrine. Roi drew near trembling, though she seemed to sco him not at all, and at last flung himself upou the earth before licr. Now at length sho oaw him and spoke iu her voice of music : 44 Who art thou that dares to break in upon my sorrow " she said wonderingly. 44 Art thou indeed a woman come to look on one who by tho will of tho Gods isonch woman's dead liest foe r" Then Rei raised himself, saying : 44 No woman am I, Immortal Lady. 1 am Rci, that aged Priest ho mot thee two nights gone by the Pylon gates, and led theo to the Palaceof Pharaoh. And I have dared to seek Shrino to tell thee that thou art in danger at the hands of Meriamun tho Queen, and also to give thee a certain message with which I am charged by him who is named tho Wanderer." Now Holen looked upon him wonderingly and spoke : 44 Didst thou not but nownarac mo immortal, Hoi ? How then can I be in dungor, who am immortal, and not to be harmed ofmon? Death hath no part iu me. Speak not to me of dangers, who alas can never die till everything ifl done, but tell me of that faithless Wauderer, whom I must love with all the wouiauhood that shuts my spirit in and all my spirit that is clothed iu womanhood. For Roi, tho Gods withholding Death have iu their wratli cursed me with lovo to tormcut my dcathlessncss. Oh, when I saw him standing where now thou staudest, my soul knew its other part, aud I learned that the curse I give to others lvad fallen on myself and him." 44 Yet was this Wuuderer not altogether faith less to thee, lady/' said Rei. 44 I.tsteu audi will toll theo all." 44 Speak ou," she said. 44 Oh, speak, and spoak swittly." Then Roi told Helen all that tale which the Wanderer had charged him to deliver in her oar, and keep no word back. He told her how Meriamun had beguiled Epcritus iu her shape, how lie hud falleu in tho suare, and sworn by tho Snukc, ho who should liuvo sworn by tho Star. He told her how the Wan derer had learned the truth, anil learning it had curbed the witch who wrouged luiu, how he had bceu overcome by the guards, and borne to the bed of torment, how he had been freed by the craft of Meriamun, and how ho had gono forth to lead tho host of Khcm. All this lie told licr swiftly, hiding nought, while slio listened with eager cars. "Truly," she said, when all was fold, 44 truly thou art a happy tucssougar. Now, I forgive him all. Yet has he Bworn by the Snake who should have sworn by the Star, and bccauso of his fault nover in this space of life shall Helen call him lord. Yet we will follow him, Rei. Hark ! What ia that ? Again it comes, that long, shrill cry as of flends broke loose from hell r" 44 It is tho Queen," quoth Rei, 44 tho Queen, who with all the woiuuu of Memphis comes hither to burn thee iu thy Shrine. Sho hath . ' slainPharaoh, ami now she would slav tliee also, aud so win the Wauderer to her arm. Fly, lady, fly !" 44 Nay, I fly not," said Helcu. 44 Let her come. But uo thou, Rci, pass through the Temple gates aud mingle with tho crowd. There thou shait await my coming, aud when I come, draw near, fearing nothing, and toge ther we will pass down the path of the Wan derer in such fashion as I shall show.thee. Go. Go, swiftly, and bid tliopo who minister to me pass out with thee." Then Roi turned and fled. Without the doors of tho Shrino many priests wore gathered. 44 Fly ! tho women of Memphis are upon you, "ho cried. 44 1 charge ye to fly!" 44 This old crone is mad," quoth one. "We watch tue Hathor ; and come all the women of tho World we fly not." 44 Yo are mad, indeed," said Rei, and sped on. He passed the gates, and the gates clashed behind him. He won tho outer space, and hiding in the shadows of the Temple walls looked forth. The night was dark, but from every side a thousand lights poured down towards the Shrine. Ou they came like lanterns on . tho waters of llw .Sihor at tho night of tha Feu9t of Lanterns. Now ho could see their host. It was the host of the women of Mem phis, and every woman bora a lighted torch. They came by tens, by hundreds, and by thou sands, aud before ihetu was Meriamun, seated in a golden chariot, and will; them were usses, oxen, aud camels, laden with bitumen, wood, and reeds. Now they gained the gates, aud now they crashed them in with battering trees of palm. Tho gates fell, tho women poured through them. At their head went Meria mun tho Queen. Bidding certain of them stay by Iter chariot, she passed through, and standing at the inner gates called aloud to the priests to throw them wide. 44 Who art thou who darc9t como up with flro against tho holy Temple of the Hathor ?" 03kcd the guardian of the gates. 44 1 am Meriamun tho Queen of Khcm," she answered, 44 come with the women of Memphis to day tho Witch thou guardest. Throw tho gates wide or die with the Witch.'' 41 If indeed thou art tho Queen," answered tho priest, 44 horo thero sits a greater Queen than thou. Go back ! go back, Meriamun, who art not afraid to offer violeuco to the Immortal Gods. Go back, lest the curse smite thoo." 44 Draw ou ! draw on, yo womcu ! cried ' Meriamun, 44 draw on, smite down tho gates, and tear these wicked ones limb from limb." Then tho women screamed uloud and bat tered on tho gatos with trees so that thoy fell. They fell, and the women rushed in madly. Tlily seized tho Priests of Hathor and tore them AU rights rvwrved. limb from limb, as dogs team wolf. Now the bhrino stood heforo thorn. 44 Touch not the doors," cried Meriamun. ' Bring tiro aud bum tho Shrino with her who dwells therein. Touoh not tho doors, look not in tho Witch's face, but burn her where she is with Are." Tbeu tho womcu brought the reeds and the wood, and pilod them around tho Shriuo to twico tho hoight of a man. They brought ladders also, and piled the fuol on tho roof of tho Shrino till alt was covered. And thoy poured pitch over tho fuol, and then at tho word of Meriamun they cast torches on tho pitch and drow back screaming. For a moniont tho torches smouldered, then suddenly on every sido great tongues of flarao leapt up to Hcavou Now tho Shrino was wrapped iu tiro, and yet they cast fuel on it till nono might draw near bocuu60 of the boat. Now it burned as afurnaco burns, and now tho Arc reached the fuol ou tho roof. It caught, mid tho Shrino was but a sheet of running llamo that lit tho white-walled city, and tho broad Faco of Sihor, as the sun lights tho lands. The alabaster walls of the Shrino turned whiter yet with heat : they cnicked and split till chc fabric tottered to its fall. " Now there is sorely an end to tho witch," cried Meriamun, and the women screamed in answor to hor. But oven as thoy screamed a great tongue of flame shot out through tho molten doors, toil futhoms length or more ; it shot out like a spear of fire. Full iu its path stood a group of tho burners. It struck them, it licked them up, and lo ! they fell in blackened heaps upon the grouud. Rei looked down tho pith of tho flame. Thoro in tho doorway whence it bad issued, stood the Golden Helen wrapped round with fire, and tho molten metal of the doors cropt about her feet. There sho stood iu the heart of the flro, but thero was no stain of flro on her, nor on her white robes, nor on hor streaming hair : and cvon through tho glow of tho fur nace ho saw tho light of tho Red Star on her breast. Tho llamo licked her form and faco, it wrapped itself around her and curled through tho masses of licr hair. But still sho stood uuharmcd wliilo tho burners shrank back aniuzed, all snvo Meriamun the Queen. Aud as sho stood sho 6ong wild aud sweet, aud the sound of ber singing came through tho roar of the flames and reached tho cars of tho women, who, forgetting their rago, clung ono to anntber iu fear. Thus sho sang, of Beauty which men seek in ail women, aud never find, and of tho eternal war for her sake between tho women and tho men, which is tho great war of tho world. And thus her song ended: Will ve bring flame to burn mv miriti Who am myself a flame f Uiim; death to tame Uiw eharm of luiue? That death can nerer'tamu I Will ye bring lire to harm my head wim nm myself a lirot . Bring veugeanco for your lovers dead Upon the World's Desire .' Nay. women, while tho earth uudures Your loves are not your own ; They lovo ye not these loves of yours, they love ahmo ! My face they seek in every face, Mine eyes in yours the sec. Thoy do but toy with you a Spaces And rise and follow me ! Then, still singiug, sho stepped forward from tho Shrine, and us she wont, tho walls fell in, and tho roof crashed down upon tho ruin, and tho flames shot into tho very sky. Helen heeded it not. She looked uot hack, but out to tho gates beyond. Sho glanced not at the fiercb, blackened faces of tho womon, nor on the face of Meriamun, wbo stood before hor, hut slowly passed towards tho gates. Nor did sho go alone, for with licr camo a canopy of fire hedging her round with flame that burned from nothing. Tho women saw tho wonder, and foil down in four, covering thoir oyes. Meriamun nlouo foil not, but sho too muBt cover her eyes because of tho glorv of Helen and tho fierceness of the flame tliat wrapped her round, Now Helen ceased singiug, but moved slowly through tho courts till sho camo to tho outer gates. Ilore by tho gates was tho chariot of Meriamun. Then Holen callod aloud, and tho Queen, who followed, heard licr words. 44 Rei 1" sho cried, 44 draw nigh and havo no fear. Draw nigh that I may pass with theo down that path tho Wanderer treads. Draw nigh mid let us swiftly honco, for tho hero's last battle is at hand, aud I would greet him ero lie die." Rci heard her, and drew near trembling, tearing from him tho woman's weeds he wore, and showing the Priest's garb beneath. And as he came tho flro that wrapped her glory round lofthcr and passed upward liko a cloak of flaino. Sho stretched out hor hand to him, saying : 44 Lead mo to yonder chariot, ltci, and let us hence." Then ho led her to tho chariot, while those who stood by the chariot fled in fear. Sho mounted the chariot, 'and ho seated himself beside hor. Then ho grasped tho reins aud called to the horses, and they bounded forward and wcro lost iu tho night. But Meriamun cried in hor wrath : 44 The Witch is gono, gono with my own ser- vnut, whom slio hath led astray. Bring chariots, and lot horsemen come with the chariots, for where she passes there will I follow, ay, to the end of the World and tho coast of Death." CHAPTER VII. the last nioiit op odys9eu3, laertes s son, On the very night of the burning of tbe Shriuo of llathor, the host of Phuraoh marched forth from On to do bnttlo with tho Nino-Bow barbarians. And before the host marched, tho captains came to tho Wan derer according to tho command of Pharaoh, and placing their bauds iu his, swore to do his bidding ou tho march aud in tho battle. They brought hiru tho great black bow of Eurytus aud his keen sword of bronze, Euryalus'fl gift, and many a sheaf of arrows, and his heart re joiced wheu ho saw tho goodly weapon. Ho took tho bow and tried it, and as lie drow tho string, onco again nadfor the lost timo.it sang shrilly of death to ho. Tho captains heard tho Song of tho Bow, though what it said tho Wanderer knew alono, for to their cars it camo hut as a faint keen cry, like tho cry of ouo who drowu3 in tho water fur from tho kindly earth. But they marvelled much at the wonder, and said one to another that tills man was no raortul, but a god come from tho under world. Then tho Wanderer mounted tho chariot of bronze that had bceu made ready for him, ami gave tho word to march. i All that night the host marched swiftly, and at daybreak they camped beneath tho shelter of a long, low hill. But at the suuriso the Wauderer left tho boat, climbed the hill with certain of the captains, and looked forth, Before luiu was _n great pass iu tho mountains, ten furlongs or more in length, and through it ran the road. The sides of the mountain sloped down to tho road, and wcro strewn by the rocks split by tho sun, polished by tho sand, aud covered over with bush that grow sparsely like tho hair ou tho limbs of a man. To tho loft of tho mountains lay tho River Sihor, hut nouc might pass between tho mountain and tho river. Tho Wanderer descended from tho liill, aud while tlio soldiers ate, drove swiftly in his chariot to tho further end of tho pass aud looked forth again. Here the river curved to tho left leaving a wide plum, and on tlio plain ho saw tho host of tho Niuc-Bow barbarians, the mightiest host that over his eyes had looked upon. They wore cncampeu by nations, and of each nation there were twenty thousand men, and beyond the glittering camp of the barbarians ho saw tho curved ships of tho Achreans. Thoy were drawn upon tho bench of the great river, as many a year ago he bad seen them drawn up on tho shoro that is bj' Ilios. He looked upon plain and pass, on mouii- 1 tain and river, and measured the number of tho foe. Then all his heart was filled with the lust of battle, and his warlike cunning awoke. For of all leaders of men he wa the most skilled iu tho craft of battle, and ho desired that this, his last war, should bo tho greatest war of all. Tui mug his horse's head, ho galloped back to tho host of Pharaoh aud mustered them in battle array. It was but u little number n3 against the number of tho barbarians— twelve thousand speariucu, nine thousand archers, two thousand horsemen, and thrco hundred chariots. The Wanderer passed up and down their ranks bidding them bo of good courage, for this day thoy should sweep tho barbariaus from the land. As ho spoko a hawk flow from the right, and fell on a heron, and slew it lo mid-air. Tho host shouted, for tho hawk is tho Iloly Bird of Ra, and tlio Wauderer too, rejoiced iu tho 01»eLook men," he cried, 44 the Bird of Ha has slain tho wandering thief from the waters. And so shall yo binito tho spoilers from the sea." Then he held counsel with captains, and cer tain trusty men wcro sent out to tho camp of tlio barbarians. And they were charged to givo au ill report of tho host of Pharaoh, and to say thai such of it as remained awaited tho bar barian onset behiud tho shelter of tho hill on the hither flido of tho naa3. Thou tho Wanderer" summoned tho captains of tho archeiu, aud bade them hide all their forco atnougtho rocks and thorns on either sido of tho mountain pass, and there to wait until ho drow the hosts of the foe into tho pass. And with tho archers ho sent part of thespearsmcn, but all tho chnriots bo hid beneath the shelter of tho bill oa the hither side of tbe pass. Now when tbo ambush was sot una nil were gone savo tho honotucu only, his spie3 camo iu and told him that the host of tho barbarians marched from their camp, but that tho Achieans marched not, but stonpod by tho river to guard Iho carapaiulaliina. TuontheWandcror hallo tho horsemen rido through tho pass and stand in tho plain boyoud, mid thoro await tho foe. But when tho hosts of tho barbarians charged them, thoy tmi9t reel beforothochargo and at length tly headlong down tho pass as though in fear. And ho himself would load tho flight iu his chariot, and where ho led thero should thoy follow. So tho horsemen rodo through tho pass and formed their squadrons on tho plains beyond. Now the foe drewnigh,aml aglorioussight itwaa to sec tho mid-day sun sparkling on their count less spears Of horsemen tlicy had no great number, but thero wore many chariots and swordsmen, and spearsmcti and stingers beyond count. Thoy camo on by nations, and in tlio centre of the host of each nation sat tho king of tho nation in n glorious chariot, with girls and ounuchs, holding fans to fan him with, and awnings of silk to hido him from the Now tho Wanderor bung back behiud tlio squadrons of horsomon as though iu fear. But presently lie sont messengers bidding tho cap tains of tho squadrons tochargo tho first nation, and fight for awhile but feebly, and then when thoy saw him turn his horses and gallop through tho pass, to follow after him as though in doubt, but in such fashion as to draw tlio foo upon their heels. This tho captains of tho Mercenaries did. Onco thoy charged mid wcro beaten back, then thoy charged again, but tho men mado as though they feared tho onset. Now tlio foe cume.hard after him, and the Wauderer turned his chariot and fled through tho pass, followed slowly by tbo horsemen. And when tho hosts of tho barbarians saw them turn thoy sot up a mighty shout of laughter that rent the skies, and charged after them. But tho Wanderor looked back and laughed also. Now ho was through the pass followed by tho horsomon, and after them swopt tho hosts of tho barbarians liko a river that has burst its banks. .Still tho Wauderer held his hand till tho whole pass was choked with tbo thousands of the foo, ay, until the half of tbo first of the nations had possod into tho narrow plain that lay between the hill and tho mouth of tho pass. Then driving apaco up tho hill ho stood in his chariot Utnul gave tho signal. Lifting his golden shield ou high, ho flashod it thrice, and nil tho horsemen shouted aloud. At tbo flrat flash, behold, from behind every rock and hii3h of tho mountain sides arose tho helms of armed men. At the second flush tlioro cotnc the rattling sound of shakeu quivers, and at tlio third flash of tho golden shield, the air was darkened with the flight of arrows. As the sea birds on a Ionoly isle awake at the cry of the sailor, aud wuccl by thousands from their lofty cliffs, so at the third flash of the Wanderer's shield tho arrows of his hidden host rushed downward on the foo, rat- tliug liko bail upon their harness. For a white they kept their ranks, and pressed ou over tho bodies of those that toll. But soon tho horses in tho chariots, mad dened with wouuds, plunged this way and that, breaking their ranks and trampling tho soldiers down. Now some strove to fly forward and aomewero fain tolly back, nnd many an empty chariot was dragged this way and that, out ever the pitiless rain of shafts poured down, and men fell bj thousands beneath the galo of Death. Now tbo mighty hoBt of tho Niuo- Bows rolled back, thioned and shattered, to wards the plain, and now thoWamlorcr cried the word ot'.onsot to tho horociuen and to tho chariots that drew from behind tho sholter of tho hill, and following after him thoy charged down upon those barbarians who had passed the ambusli. singing tho song of Pentaur as thoy charged. Among those nigh tho mouth of iho pass was tho Iving of tho nation of Libur, a great man, black and tcrriblo to see. Tho wanderer drow his bow, tho arrow rushed forth and pierced tho king, and ho foil dead in his chariot. Then thoso of his host who had passed tho ambush turned to fly, but tho chariot of tho Wanderer dashed into them, and after the chariot camo tho horsomon, aud after the horsomon tho chariots of Pliaraoh. Now all who were loft of tho broken host rolled back mud with fear, while the spcarsmen of Pharaob galled them as hunters gall a flying bull, aud tho horsemen of Pharaoh tram pled them beneath their feot. Red slaughter ruged all down the pass, helms, banners, arrow-point shone and fell in tho stream of tho tide of war ; hut at length tho stony way was clear save for tho dcau alono. Beyond tao pass tho plain was black with fly ing men, and tho fragments of tho broken nations wero mixed together as clay and sand are mixed of tho potter. "Where, now, wcro the hosts of tho Nino-Bow barbarians ? Where, now, was their Glory and their Pride ? Tho Wauderer gathered his footmen nnd his cluxriots and set them in array again, hut tho horsemen he scut out to sinito tho flying nations aud wait his coming by the camp. For thoro wore mustering thoio who wcro left of tho Nations, nerchauco twenty thousand men, and before tiieir ships woro ranged tlio deoso ranks of tho Achaans, shield to shield, every man in his place. The Wauderer led his host slowly across tho sandy plain, till at lengthjlie halted it two bow shots from tho camp of tho barbariauB. Tho camp was shapod liko a l»ow, and tho river Sihor formed its string, and round it was a deep ditch, and boyoud tho ditch a wall of clay. Moreover, within tho camp and nearer to tbo shoro there was a second ditch aud wall, and behind it wcro the beaks of the ships and tho host of Aquainushu, even of his own dear people tho Achmans. Thero wero tho old blazons, ami tho Bpears that had fought bolow Troy towns. There wore tho two lions of Ilyunmc, tho Centaur of tho son of Polypaatos, son of Pirrhous, tlmro woro the Swan of Lacodmmon, and tho Bull of tho kings of Crete, the Rose of Rhodes, tho Serpent of Athens, und rnauy another knightly bearing of old friends and kiudrcd dear. And now, how wcro tho blnzons of focraen, and the Wanderer, for a strango king and for his own hand, beneath the wings of the Hawk of the Legion of Ra. Tho Wanderer sent heralds forward, calling to those barbarians who swarmed behiud tho wall to surrender to tho host of Pharaoh, but this being entrenched by tho river Sihor, they could iu niwiso do. For they were mail be- cuiibo of their slaughtered thousands, and, moreover, they kucw that it is better to die than to live as slaves. This they saw also, that their host was still as strong as the host of Phuruoh, which was without tho wall, and weary with tho boat and stress of battle and tho toil of marching through tho desert sands. Now, tho captains of tho host of Pharaoh camo to tho wauderer praying him that ho would do no more battlo on that day, bccauso tho men were weary, and tho horses ueiehed for food and water. But ho answered them : 44 1 swore to Pharaoh that I would utterly smito tho jicoplo of tho Nino-Bows and driva them down to death, so that tho coasts of Khcm may he freo of them. Horo I may not camp the host, with out food or pasturo for tho horses, aud if I go hack, tho foo will gather hoart and como on, aud with them the fleet of tho Achieans, aud no tuoro shall wo luro them into ambush, for therein they havo learned a lesson. Nay, got you to your compauies. I will go up against tho camp." Then they bowed and went, for having aeon Ins deeds aud his skill und craft in war, thoy held him the first of cuptuius, aiul dared not say hiru nay. So the Wanderer divided his host into three parts, set it iu order of battle, and moved up against tho camp. But ho himself went witu tho contro part against tho gate of tho camp, for hero there was un earthen way for chariots, if but tho great gates might be n:i6scd. Aud at a word tho threefold host rushed ou to tho charge. But those within tho walls shot them with spears and arrows so that many were slain, and they wero rolled back from tho wall as a wave is rolled from tho cliff. Again tho Wanderer bade them charge on tho right and left, bearing tho dead boforo them as shields, and hurling corpses into the ditch to fill it. But he himself hung back awhile with the middle army, watching how tho battle wont, and waiting till the foe at tho gate should be drawn away. Now the Mercenaries of Pharaoh forced a 1>as3age ou tho right, und hither weut many jarharians who watclied tho gates that thoy might drivo them hack. Then tho Wanderer batlo men takoouttho poles of tho chariots and follow him. and beat down the gates with tho poles. This with much toil and loss they did, fur tho nrchers poured choir arrows ou tho assailants of tbo gate. Now at length tho gates wero down, and tho Wanderer rusfiod through them witfi his cliariot. But even as ho passed the Mercena ries of Pharaoh wero driven out from the camp on tlio light, and thoso who led the left attack iled also. Tho soldiers who should havo fol lowed tho Wanderer saw and wavered a little moment, and whilo they wavered thG companies of tho barbarians poured into the gateway and held it so that nono might pass. Now tho Wan derer was left alono within the camp, and back ho might not go. But fear camo not nigh him ; nay, tho joy of battlo filled his mightyheurt. Ho cast his shield upon tho brazen floor of tho chariot, and cried aloud to tho charioteer, as ho loosened tho long grey shafts in his quiver. 44 Drivo on, thou charioteer ! Drivo ou ! Tho jackals lcavo the lion in tho toils. Drivo on ! Drive on ! and win a glorious death, for thus should Odysseus dio !" I So tho cbariotcor, praying Uf his Gods, lashod tho horsos with his scourge and thoy sprang forward madly among tho foo. And as thoy rushed, tho groat Bow raq'g and sang tho swallow string— raug the Bow and sang tho string, and the lean shaft dr&uk; tho blood of a leader of men. Again tho striug sang, again thoshaft sped forth and a barbarian King foil from his chariot as a diver plunges into tho seu, and his tooth bit tho sand. 44 Divo deep, thou soa thief !" cried tho Wan derer. 44 Thou mayst find treasures there. Drivo ou, thou charioteer: eo should lions dio whilo jackalswatch !" Now tho barbarians looked on ho Wanderor, und woro atnazod. For over his chariot rushed to aud fio, across tho mustoriug grouud of tho camp, aud ever his groy shafts carried death boforo thorn, and over tho foomon's arrows foil blunted from his golden harness. Thoy looked on him amazed, they cried aloud that "thin was tho God of War coine down to do battlo for Khom, that it was Sutek, tho splendid, that it was Baal iu his strength. They tied amain boforo his glory and his might. For the Wanderer ruged among thorn like great Barneses Miumun among the tribes of tho Khita, liko Monthu. thu Lord of Battles, and lo ! they fled before him, thoir knees gave way, their hearts woro turned to water, he drove thorn as a herdsman drives the yearling calves. But now at lougth a stone from a alinjg smote tho charioteer who directed tho chanot, and sunk iu betweou his o'yj, so that ho foil down dead from his chariot. Then tho reins flow wido and tho horses rushed this way aud that, having no master. And now a spear pierced the heart of the horso on tho right, so that he fell, nnd tho pole of the chariot snapped iu two. Then the barbarians took heart and tnrned, nnd somo of them sot on to seize tho body of tho charioteer, and spoil his arms. But tho Wan derer leaped down and bestrode tho corpse with shield up and spear aloft. A warrior of the Sh&rdnna; cast a spear at him, hut he avoided it, and answered with his own, that passed be- tweon tho chin and tho throat, and the bronzo stood out behiud tho warrior's head. Boforo ho could drag forth the spear another bar- bnriuu, a black man, had smitten at his helm and brought him to his knee, hut ho drew tho short sword of Eurynlus as ho staggered to his feot, nncl at tho blow ho dealt ou that man's neck tho head flow, hut tho short sword broko nt tho handle, for it might not bear tho stroko. Now, it chancod that in tho placo whero thoy fought was tho ruin of a temple, old and de cayed boforo King Menu's day. Tho Wan derer stumbled with tho weight of his own blow, his foot had struck a stono of that old temple. It was tho marblo head of an image of a God or man, of a man long nnmolcss or a for gotten God. Tho Wanderor lifted it, it was a weight for a chariot, and east it at those who stood boforo liim in tbo fray. Tho whito stones hurtled through tho air. Ono mau got his death from that stroko and another was soro crushed, and so torrible was tho cast that tho rest drow back in fear. But tho W&ndorcr; stood thero unharmed, nnd laughed liko a God! CHAPTER VIII. 44 till odysseus comes." Tho Wauderer laughed liko a God, though ho deemed that tho cud was iiearr and the foes within tho ciinp and tho friends without looked on him and wondered. Slay him !" cried tho foe3 witlitu, speaking iu many tongues. 14 Slay him !" /hev cried, and yet they feared tlio task, but circled round liko hounds about a mighty boar at bay. 44 Sparo him!" shouted the host of the Achieans, watching tho fray from far, as they Htood behind their inner wall, for as yet they had not mingled in the battlo, but stayed by thoir ships to guard them. 44 Rescue him !" cried the captains of Pharaoh without, hut nono caino on to forco tho way. Then of asudden, asFatcliung upon tho turn, a great cry of fear and wonder rose from tho ranks of Pharaoh's host beyond tho wall. It swelled aud swelled till at length tho cry look tho sound of a name — the sound of tho name of llathor . 44 The Hathor ! The Hathor ! See, tho Hathor comes !" The Wanderor turned his head and looked awif tly. A golden chariot sped down tho slope of sand towards thg gate of tho camp. Tho milk white horses woro stained with sweat and splashed with blood. Thoy thuudored on towards tho gate down the war that was red with blood, as tho horsc3 of tuo dawn rush through tho blood-rod sky. A littlo mau, withered and old, drovo tho chariot, leaning forward as he drovo, and by his sido stood tho Golden Holen. Tho red Star blazed upon her breast, her hair and filmy robes floated on tbe wind. Sho looked up and forth. Now sho saw him, Odysseus, of Ithaca, her love, alono, beset with foes, and a cry broko from her. Sho tore away tho veil that hid her face, aud her beauty flashed oat upon tho sight of men us the noon flashes from tho evening mists. Sho pointed to the gato, sho stretched out her arms towards tho host of Pharaoh, bidding them look upon her and follow hor Then a shout went up from the host, and thoy rushed onwards iu tho path of tho chariot, for whore tho Hclon leads tncro men must follow through Lifo to Death, through "\Var to Peace. On the chariot rushed to tho gato of the camp, and after it tho host of Pharaoh followed. Tho holders of tho gato saw the beauty of her who rodo iu tho chariot ; thoy cried aloud iu many tongues that tho Goddess of Love bad como to savo tho God of War. They fled this way and that, or stood, drunken with the sight of beauty, and wcro duBhed down by tho horsc3 and crushed of tho chariot wheels. Now sho had passed tho gates, and after hor poured the host of Pharaoh. .Now Roi reined up the horses by tho broken cliariot of the "Wanderer, aud now tbo Wanderer with a aliout of joy had sprung into the chariot of Ileleu. 44 And art thou como to bo with mo in my last battlo V" ho whispered in her car. 44 Art thou indeed that Argive Helen whom Hove, or nm I drunk with tho blood of men aud blind with the sheen of spears, and is this tho vision of a man doomed to die ?" 44 It iB no vision, Odysseus, for lam Helen's self," sho ausworcd gontly. 14 I have learned all tho truth, and knowing thy fault, count it hut a littlo thing. Yet, because thou didst for got tho words of tho immortal Goddess, who, being my foo now and for ever, set tins cunning snare for thoo, tho doom is on theo, that Holen shall not be thino in this space of life. For thou lightest in thy last battle, Odysseus. On ! sco thy hosts clamour to ho led, aud there tho foo hangs blaok as storm and shoots out tho lightning of his spears. On, Odysseus, on ! That tho doom may bo accomplished und tho word of tho ghost fulfilled." Paris.hath long been doad, 44 And who is sho ?" cried tho captain, "sho on whoso breast a rod Star burns, who rides in the chariot of him with tho goldou armour, whoso shape ia tlio shapo of Beauty, nnd who sings aloud whilo raeu go down to death ?" Then tho aged loader of men looked forth again and answered: "Such a one I have kuown indeed ; so sho was wont to sing, aud bora was 6uch a shape of beauty, aud such a Star sliouo over on lier breast. Helen, of Ilios — Argivo Helen it was who woro it — Helen, bccuuso of whoso loveliness tho world grow dark with death ; but long is Ilolen dead." Now tho Wauderer glnnccd from his chariot and saw tho crests of tho Aclm>aus and the de vices of the shields of men, with whose fathers ho had fought beneath tho walls of Ilios. Ho saw and his hoart was stirred within hiui, so he wopt thoro in tho chariot. 44 Alas ! for the fate that is on me," ho criod, 44 that I must make ray last battlo iu the ser- vico of a stranger against my own people aud tho children ot my own dear friends." >4 Weep not, Odysseus," said Helen, 44 for Futo drives theo ou, Fato that is cruel and chaugolcss, and heeds not the loves or hates of men. Wecj) not, Odysseus, but go on up against tho Aclueans, for among them thy death comes." So tho Wanderer went on sick at heart, shooting no shafts aud striking uo blow, and after htm camo tho reinnaut of tho host of Phiraol). Then ho halted tho host, and at his biddlug Rci drovo slowly down tho wall seeking a placo to storm it, aud us ho drovo they shot at tho chariot from tho wall with spoais and slings aud arrows. But not yet was the Wan derer doomed. IIo took uo hurt, nor did any hurt como to Rot nor to tho horses that drew the chariot, and as for Helen, tho shafts of Death know her nnd turned aside. Now, whilo thoy drove thus Rci told tho Wanderer of tho death of Pharaoh, of tho burning of tlio Tomple of Hathor, and of tho flight of Helcu. The Wanderer hearkened and Eaid but ono thing, for in all this ho saw tho hand of Fate. 44 It is time to make au end, Rei, for soon will Moriamun bo seeking us, and methinks thut I havo left a trail that she can follow," and he nodded nt tho piled up dead that stretched further than tho oyo could reach. Now thoy wero como over against that spot iu tho wall whero stood tho aged captain of tho Achrcans, who had likened tho armour of tho Wanderer to tiio anuour of Paris, aud tho beauty of her at his sido to the beauty of Argive Helen. Tho captainloosed his bow at tho chariot, and leaning forward watched tho flight of the shaft". It ruAhed straight at Helen's breast, then of a sudden turned asido, hnrmiog hor not. And as ho marvelled she lifted her face nnd looked towards hint. Then he and btcTf hor for that Helen whom lio had booh whilo ho served with Cretan Idomeuous and in tho Argivo ships, when tho leaguer was dono nnd tho suoko went up from burning Ilios. Again bo looked, aud lo ! ou tho Wunderor's golden yhicld ho saw tho Whito Bull, tho dovico of Paris, son of Priam, as ofttiznes lio had soon ii glittor on Uiowalls of Troy. Thou greatfeur took him, nudho lilted up his hands and cried aloud : 44 Fly, Achieans ! Fly! Back to your curved ships and away from this accursed laud. For yonder iu tho chariot stands Argivo Helen, who is long dead, and with her PariB, son of Priam, como to wreak tho woes of Ilioe on tho sous of thoso who wasted her. Fly, ero tho curao smito you." Then a great cry of fear rose from tho host of tho Achieans, an company called to company that the ghosts of 1'aiis, of Ilios, nnd Argivo Helen led the armies of t'linmoh on to victory. A moment tlmy gazed, as frightened shcop gazo upon tho creeping wolves, then turning from tho wall, tluy inslied headlong to tho shins. Boliinil th'cin camo thu soldiers of Pharaoh storming Iho wall, tearing at their flanks ns wolves tear tho flying sheep. Then tho Achieans turned at bay, and a mighty fray raged round tho ships, and tho knees of many wcro loosoued. And of tho ships somo woro burned and somo woro loft upon tho bank. But a remuant of them wero pushed off into tho doop water and hung thero on their oars wait ing tho end of tho fray. Now tho sun was gono down, so that men Sould scarce seo to slay each other. Tho Wau- oror Btood in his chariot on tho bank, watch ing tho battlo, for ho was weary, and had littlo mind to swoll the slaughter of tho pcoplo of his own land. Now tho last ship was pushed off, and at length tho great battlo was done. But among thoso on tho ship was a man still young, aud tho goodliest nnd mightiost among all tho host of tuo Achicnns. By his own strength and valour ho had held the Egyptians back while his comrades ran tlio curved ship down the beach, and the Wanderer, looking on him, doomed him thoir hardiest warrior almost worthy of tho Achieans. Ho stood upon tho poop of tho ship, and saw tho setting rays of suulignt gleam cu tho Wan derer's golden holm. Then of a sudden ho drow a mighty bow, and luosod au arroiv charged with death. 44 This gift to tho Ghost of Paris from Tele- gonus, sen of Circo, and of Odysseus, who was Faris's foe," ho cried with a loud voice. And ns ho cried it, and as the fatoful words struck on the cars of Odysseus and tho ears of Helen, tho shaft pointed by tho Gods rushed on. It rushed on, it smoto tho Wanderer with a deadly wound whero tho golden Lody-plate of his harness joined tho tasleta. and pierced him through. Thon lio knew that his fato was ac complished, und that death came upon htm from the water, as tho ghost of Tircsias ia Hades had foretold. In His pain, for tho last tuno of all, he let fall his shield and tho Black Bow of Eurytus. With ono hand he clasped tho rail of tho chariot, and tho other ho throw about the sock of tho Golden Helen, who bent beneath his woight liko a lily boforo tho storm. Then he also cried uloud iu answor : 44 0, Tolegouus, son of Circo, what wicked ness hast thou wrought before tho awful Gods that this curse should havo boon laid upon thoo to slay him who begat thoo i Heurkon, tbou son. of Circe, I am not Paris. I atn Odysseus, of Ithaca, who begat thee, and thou hast broinrht my death upon mc from tho wator, as the Ghost foretold." When Telegonus hoard theso words and knew that he had slniu his father, the famed Odysseus, whom ho had sought tlio wholo world through, ho would havo cast himself into tho river, thero to bo drowned, but thoso with him hold liim by strength, and the stronm took tho curved ship and floated it away. And thus for tho first and last timo did tlio Gods givo it to Telegonus to look upon tho faco and hear tho voico of his father, Odysseus. But wheu tlio Achieans know that it was the lost Odysseus who had led tho host of Pharaoh againBb the armies of the Nino-Nations, thoy wondered no more at the skill of tho ambush and tha greatness of tho victory of Pharaoh. Now tho chariots of Moriainun wero pur- suing, and thoy splashed through the blood of men iu tho pns3, and rolled ovor tlio bodies of men in tho plain beyond tho pass. They camo to the camp and found thom peopled with doad, ami tit with tho lamps of tho blazing ships of tho Aquaumsha. Thou Mcriamiui criod aloud : 44 Surely Pharaoh grew wise before ho died, for there is but ono man on tho earth who with so small a forco could havo won so great a fray. He hath saved tho crowo of IChem, and by Osiris ho shall wear it." Now tho chariots of Moriamun had passod tho camp of tho barbariaus, and were como to tho .iuncr camp of tho Achieans, and tho soldiers shouted as sho came, driving furiously. Tho Wanderer lay dying ou tho ground, thero by tho rivor bank, and tho light of the burning ships flamed on tho golden armour, aud ou tho Star at Helen's breast. 44 Why do tho soldiers shout ?" he asked, lifting his head from Helen's broast. 44 They shout "bccauso Moriamun, tho Queen, is come, Rei answerod. 44Lct her come," said tho Wauderer. Ncvr Meriamun spraug from her chariot and walked through tho soldiers, who mado way, bowing heforo her Royalty, to whero tho Wan derer lay, and stood speechless looking on him. But tho Wauderer, lifting his head, spoko faintly : 4 llati, O Queen !" ho said. 44 1 have ac complished tho charga thut Pharaoh laid upon iuo. Tho host of tho Nine-Bow barbarians is utterly destroyed, the iloet of the Aquaiasha is burucd or fled, tho laud of Khotn is free from foes. Whore is Pharaoh that I may muko re port to him ero I dio ?" 44 Phuruoh is dead, Odysseus," sho answorcd. 44 Oh, livo on ! live on ! aud thou thyself shalt bo Pliaraoh." " Ay, Meriamun, tho Queen," answered tho Wanderer. 44 1 know ail. Pharaoh is dead ! Thou didst slay Pharaoh, thinking thus to win for thy Lord mc, who am won of Death. Heavily shall tho blood of Pharaoh lie upon thee iu that land whither I go, Meriamun, ami whither thou must follow swiftly. Thou didst slay Pharaoh, aud Holen, who through guilo is lost to uic, thou wouldst havo slain also, hut thou couldst not harm her immortality. And now I dio, and this is the end of all theso Loves and Warsand Wanderings. My death has como upon mo from tho water." Mcriumuu stood speechless, for her heart was toru iu two, so that iu her grief slio forgot oven her rago against Helen niul Rci, the Priest. Then Helen spoke. 44 Thou diest indeed, Odysseus, yot it is but for a littlo time, for thou slmlt como again and find mo waiting." 44 Ay, Odysseus," said tho Qucou, 44 and I also will como again aud thou shalt lovo mo then. Oh, now the future opens, aud I know the things that are to bo. Beneath tho Wings of Truth 6hall wo meet ugain, Odysseus." 44 Thero shall we moot again, Odysseus, and there thou shalt draw tho Veil of Truth," said the Helen. " Yea," quoth tho dying Wanderer, " there or otherwhere shall wo meet again, and thero or otherwhere shall love aud hate, shall lose aud win nnd dio to re-ariso ogam. But uot yet is struggle ended thut began iu other worlds than this, and shall endure till evil is lost in good, nnd darkness swallowed up in light, Bethink theo, Meriamun, of that vision of that bridal night and read its riddle. Lo ! I will answor it with my last breath, as tho Gods have civen mo wisdom. Wheu wo threo are onco more twain, then shall our sin ho purged and peaco bo won, aud tho veil be drawn from tho face of Truth, Oh, Helen, furo theo well ! I have sinned against theo ; I huvo sworu by tho Suako who should havo sworn by the Star, aud there fore I havo lost theo." 44 Thou hast hut lost to find ngaiu beyond tho Gateways of the West," she answered low. Then she bent down, aud taking him in her arms, kissed him, whispering iu his car, and the blood of men that fell ovor from tho Star upon her broast dropped liko dow upon his brow and vanished as it dropped. Aud as sho whispered of joy to be and things too holy to bo written, the fuco of tlio Wanderer grew bright liko the fuco of a God. Thou suddenly hia huud fell buck aud he was dead, upou tho heart of tho World's Desire. For thus wus fulfilled the oath of Idalian Aphrodite, and thus at tho last did Odysseus lie iu tho arms of tho Golden Helen. Now Meriamun clasped her breast aud her lips turned whito with pain. But Helen rose, and standing nt tho Wanderer's head looked on Merinroun, who stood at his feot. 44 Thou foolish sister," said Holen to tho Queen, 44 seo now tho end of all. Ho whom wo loved is lost to us, and what hast thou gained ? Nay, look not so fiercely on me. I may not bo hanned of men, who would harm nono, though ever thou wilt hato ino who hate theo not, and till thou learnoat to lovo mo, Sin shall be thy portion and Bitterness thy comfort." But Moriamun mado no answer. Then Helen beckoned to Rei and spako to him, and Rei went weeping to do her bidding, Presently ho returned again, and with lnm wcro soldiors bearing torches, Tho soldiors lifted up tho body of tho Wanderer and horo it to a mighty pyre that was built up of tho wealth of tho barbarians, of chariots, spears, and tho oars of ships, of wondrous fabrics aud costly furniture. And they laid tho Wanderer ou tho pyre, andon hia breast they laid tho Black Bow of Eurytus. Then Helen spoke to Rei onco morn, and Rei . tcck a t;r;h and iird the pyiv, ss thatsmoko mid llamo burst from it. And all tlio while Moriamun stood by as ooo who dreams. Now tho great pyre was a mass of flame, anu (ho golden armour of tho Wanderer shouo through tho flaiuo, and tho Black Bow twisted and crumbled iu tho heap. Then of a sudden Meriamun gave a great cry, aud tearing tho bnuko girdle from her middle hurled it en tho flames. " From Fire thou earnest, thon Ancient Evil." alio said in a dead tongue ; 44 to Fire got thee back again, false Counsellor." But Rei, tho Priest, called aloud in tho samo tongue : 44 An ill deed thou hast done, (> Queon, tor thou hast taken tho Snnko to thy bosom, and whuru tho Snnko passes thero thou must follow." Even ns ho spoko tho faco of Mennmuu grow fixed, and sho was altnvly drawn towards tho fire, ns though by invisiblo hands. Now sho was on its very brink, nud now with ono loud wail she plunged into it and cast her self at lougth on the body of tho Wanderer. Aud as sho lay thero on tho body, behold ! tlio Snako awoko in tho fire; It awoko, it grew, it twined itself about tho body of.Moria- mini nnd the body of tho Wanderor, and lifting its head it laughed. Than tho firo foil in, and tho Wanderer nnd Mcriuraun tho Queen und tho Suako that wrapped them round vanished in tho heart of tbo flames. For a while thu Ooldon Ilolen stood still looking on tho dying flames. Then Bho< lot her veil fall, and tumiug, wnudored forth into tho desert and tho night, singing ns she passed. And so she goes, wandering, wandering, till Odysseus comes again. Now this is tho tale that I, Rei, the Priest, havo lieon hidden to set forth beforo I lay ino down to sloop in my splendid tomb that I havo mado ready, by Thobcs, Lot every mau read it as ho will, nnd overy woman ns tho Gods havo given her wit. 13ALINODE. Thou Uiatuf old didst blind Atcsicliunin, If e'er, sweot Helen, such u thimr befall, We pray thee of thv grace, 1>e good to us. Though little in orn tale accordeth well With tliat'timc ancient minstrel had to tell Who saw, with sightless eyes grown luminous, These llinn sorrows, und who heard the swell OfOccausuimd tho World ring Ihundurons, And thy voice break when knightly Hestor fell, lint Thou who all these many yearn hast borne To see tho great webs of thy weaving torn By puny bands of dull o'er-learned men, Homer: forgive us that thy hero's star Ouco more above sea waves und waves of War, Must vise, muse triumph, und must set agaitt, fTirfc End.1 