AT LAST / Joo Prico Strikos Luck. A Gaol) win And a Lucky Gaffer. HE COT THERE FIRST ' .Iu Monday's Long Sprint — Which was one of tho Best Seon at Uotany— All Solid Sports Present— And Grand Sport Seen— Ezzy Falls In— And bo do Vantors on Britisher Roberta —Cowley Downs JI'Gllvery— And Dave Layton Wallas Over the Gun — Steve Sheritt's Bad Lack. Whon I gathorod myself together and departed from that infernal machine called tho uteam tram, and proceeded to got over the ground in tho direction of tho Botany gates, I hadn't to stop and stuttor with surprise whon at ovory strido I bumped against membors of the talent who had been refused admission. Had not Jim Hogan, the new dotectivo, and a dead game man, said that thoy should not pass the 'turnstile and don tho gaudy lcathorn bag and proooed to despoil the Buffering publio of tboir hard-earned gonco ? And was ho not ablo to carry it out ? Of course ho was, and tho result was that not a singlo member of tho talent got past his eye, ovon though aoino of them did try — most unsuc cessfully, however— and try ojctromoly hard to look respoctablo, ho spottod them all, and calmly aud firmly insisted that they should not become half-a- prown poorer. And they didn't. The result was that all tho books who bet at Botany on Monday wero good books, tho betting was brisker and a lot botter, us puntors did not loso time dancing aftor a squaro book, aud not got on until tho gun fired, or get on and havo no chauco to win. Tlio attendanoo also was roal good, a fact owin', no doubt, to tlio number of mon who had a chanoo ; and right hero I might say that tho handicappors deserved ovory credit in tho world for thoir adjustment. Every second man you mot had a differout fancy, and thoy all wanted to baok him, tho result being that tho books did a roaring trade. Tho officials never mado a blunder all day, with one oxcoption. In tho fourth heat Layton got at least tiro 'yards go, and was running at top when tho other mon movod, and tho fact was an especially irrita ting ouo to puntors, as thoy had thoir good oof on Robards, who startod an oven money favorito. Such sport I nover saw boforo, and I'll got to it at onco. ._ Chockloy NJyde. Worry 10yds, A. E. Roborts 13vds. Kingsmill Cyds, Connolly 17yds, Gordon 20yds, Bollotto 18yds, and Joo Butlor lflyds woro tho first crowd, and aftor public inouor had gono on to tho champion liko water, Robortn' crowd stepped in suddenly and mado him favorito with monoy. At tho finish, however, hotting was still 2 to 1 on tho fiold, more money having come on Kingsmill. Littlo description will do for tho raco, as after Gordon and Connolly had lod into tho Straight Rouorts camo up ou the outsido, and runmug ovor thorn in tlio finish won by 3yds from tho General. Bullotto shot ncross Kingsmill's path at the bond, and droppod the champion into tho cinders, and of course he couldn't troublo tho Englishman oven had he boon ablo to, which is doubtful. A heap of monoy wont on Jack Donohuo 13yds in tho second, puntors putting thoir last boan ou him, and though C. A. Murray 18yds and Billy Brown on 14yds woro both well baoked evens Donohuo and 2 to 1 bar ono was tho final quotation. It lookod a fair thing, seeing tha' ho had given Murray 5yds last handicap and beaten him, but on this occasion tho ra^god-lookin' littlo mulatto savod himsolf for a timnli, though lie lod woll into tho straight. Hero both Brown anil Donohuo cloarod themselves from tho ruck, aud 30yds from homo Jack got on Murray's shoulder. Brown was horo corning so fust that you hnd to givo him n. chance, but Murray had a littlo bit loft in him and ho used it like the dosperatolv game man ho is. Donohuo novor flinched in his chnso, but ho had run himself blind, and Mur ray wou a good raco by nino inches. Brown W(is 2ft away third. The third was votod worth looking at, con taining as it did Harry Harris Uyds, SI'Gilvory 10yds, Cowloy 13yds, Jim Byruo Uyds, Konnedy lSyih), Lav.arus Itfyds, and Bob Stokes iiOyds. Betting oponod at 2's on tho field, and remained at that price, though Harris aud M'Gilvory woro favoritos altorna to!y. Cowloy also wan backed for monoy. M'Gilvery, after 20 strides had boon put in, oommonced to leavu Harry Hurri.i, who was badly bumpod about nt tho turn. Ab thoy ran round the bend, whore Oovvlov wus running seooud, M'aUvery was blooko'd, rind had to fight his way through a couplo of them, losing ground, strenj-th. and tho raoo by it. Cowley got iu front early ia tho- straight, but 20yds further ou M'Gilvory shot clear of the orowd, and oommonoed to. race dosporutely. Inch by inch he drew ou Cowloy until at thu old post he wua within a eoupluof foot of tha i;allopor. Aud thou Mack hin-'mr licked himself by tho joutlo and putting in his final ufl'ort too early, Cowluy hold him. Both mon wore dead to tho world, but both as grime as auy pair who over piillod on slices and nuluoy otruggledto tho strong, but H'Qilvciy never got uveu, and was beatoa six laohos. it wus a gallant race, and two worse-licked men you oouldii't ilnd. Th» wiunor wuu worse than tho losor, who ?couldn't soo tho tape, null had to bu halt ? oarriod to the dressing room. Harry llavris walked home from the straight. ' They made Hobanls 15vJs iiu even monoy favorite for the fourth, and ho might havo won hud ho so desired, hud Layton not beaten him, that moans got iu front of him 2yda iu tho first .20yds, uud you know when a man liko Lay tou gets iilougsido another ho in giving 0yds to tho lutter Iran littlo ohanoe. Taking a pull before oomiug into tho Htraight, Kuvoru.ii over D.m-011 whou ha wanted to and won easily. At one timo von had to lay odds on ShorriU 13yds, iu thu filth, but after they had come cousistoutly with C. E. Armstrong you could get 5 to i against, 2 to 1 bar one. Shorntt battled his way through at Bpriutiug paco, and after takiug a bit of a pull coming irrto tho straight, van over Mick Monnock, wbo hadwthmia big go. and stalling off a late ruu by C. E. Armstrong, won by 3yds. Eszy ltiyds, at that timo 2 to l'for thu final, came- out in tho sixth, aud had for mateh, Merchant, Lynch, and Connote 10yds .Too Armstrong 17yds, Alec M' Fo.rlu.no 20yds, aud Joo Price Uyds. . After big odds had bcun laid on Ezzy, weight of money on Joe reduced it to 5 to 4, 0. to 4 bar one. Counolo cleared out from tho 10yds batch at ouco, aud Kusiy was badly bumpod about at the bend. 1'ric.o aJl tho whilo was making it up, and as thoy came round the bond ho glidod past them all, and shot iuto tho straight third to Ezjv uud Couiiole. Tho boy didn't scorn to begin to raco for another :%ds, and whon ho did Joo was giving him only a couplo of yards. Gamo as any man raced tho novice, but without a struggle or a falter Price ovorliaulod him, and fairly wearing him down wou a, gallant race by a bare foot. Tho win was an immensely popular ouo. Evens big Goorgo Hicks at the finish of tho last, aud 2 to I bar ouo, Cox beiu' most fancied outsido tho big fellow, while' nionoy was also dribblud ou to Alec M'Grory. Hicks ruu up to Cox as thoy eamo iuto the straight, and though Cox made him ruu Hicks beat him 3yds at the finish. Bottiug on tho final was 3 toj on tho fiold for a long time, Sherritt (iwi'rtjco being first favorites, whilo Roberts BtoodCt -1 to 1. It. was a great betting raco botwoon the two until the Englishman's party stepped iu aud cume with so much cash that they brought thoir man down to first 5 to 2, then G to 4, and finally oven money. Threoa tho other two, and 0 to 1 bar threo was on offer. FINAL HEAT. Joe Prico, 9yds, -CIO ... 1 S. Sherritt, 13yds, X3 ... . . 2 A. E. Roborts, 13yds, £2 ? 3 K. D. Layton, 9yds ? 0 O. Cowley, 13yds ? 0 G. T. Hicks, 15yds ? 0 C. A. Murray, ISyds ? 0 Prico and Shorritt got away bottor than anything, whil'o Roberts stood so long ou his mark that his backers thought ho had grown to tho ground, and a littlo later thoy wisiiod ho bad. Sherritt only hud two men to pass, and he wout for tho lo;id at ouco, but as tliey swept round the boud Hicks and tho dai-koy had a wrestling match, aud Stovo was done no good by it. Prico had loft Laytou after the first dozen strides, aud heforo tho back was loft had caught Roborts. Round tho turn he glidod aftorjiia mon like tho ghost of M'Ginty aftor tho whisky bottlo, and out thorn down ouo by ono until, as Hicks, Shorritt, aud C. A. Murray flopped into tho straight in a bunch, ho was in a grand position on tho ont sido and coming fast. Shorritt dashod clear of Hick.3 in half-a-doien strides ouco on tho road homo, but ho had not hold tuo ieuu a score ot yards whon Price mado his run. Thon pooplo held their breath, and Shorritt's supporters faces blanched, for though thoir mau was running as ho had novor run boforo, Prico glided on and on, nearer and nearer, like an evil spirit crawling up tho front stairs iu chase of a guilty inurdoror. Forty yards moro, and it would bo all ovor. Joo was on Shorritt's shoulder now, and sotting his teeth hard ho made his final effort, and sooinod to fly past Stove. No gamer man ever woro a board than the darkoy, and Prico know it, for without a slacken in his terrible paco, or ono falter in his lovoly, clean, tolling strido, ho dashed on and through tho siring 2yds in frout. Roborts, after soeing Prico shoot right away from him in tho straight, began to race iu doad earnest, and put in a phenoaiouul ruu up tho straight. Ho gained a foot at evory strido on Hicks and half that on tho loadors, but though ho boat tho big follow a yard for third phi-.-u ho was beaten botter than 2yds for second liy Sherritt. Hicks was fourth. A mom popular win 'with ovoryono, oven men who had done their money in, has Beldom been soon ou any running ground- in Australia, and Joo should bo proud of tho placo ho holds in all sporting men's opinions. 