CURRENT TOPICS, .. 7, If the secretary of the Trades and Labor Council were a wise man lie would abstain from writing lotters-to tho; press ; but riot " being a wise man he writes whenever the ghost of an opportunity to dp so presents itself. And his letters are, generally as long ' as a Puritan sermon of the olden time. Occasionally he makes a sensible remark in his correspondence, but as a role he utters ail immense quantity of nonsense and injures tho cause ho desires to ndvouatc. Yestorday we1 published a long letter from his pen in which he attempted to refute a charge brought against him by. this journal, and to show that tho Star had unreasonably at- taokod the Trades and Labor Council, arid . the labor party generally ; but not only did the lettor fail in its object, it actually en- ., dorsed nearly every statement we had made. We acensetl Mr. Houghton" of having tried to boycott tho Star, and the quotation, he gives from the official . organ of tho Trades and Labor Council proves that tho accusation was just. We never, said, as Mr. Houghton has declared we did . say; . that all tho labor leaders " battened on discord and caused ' "strife," and that none of them had. ever done an honest day's work. Mr. Hououton challenges us to name "one person entitled ' to be dubbed u labor leader who has " never worked manually at his particular ".trade or calling." The challonge is ridi culous, fahat we' conveyed was that a number of the so- called labor leaders have not woi'ked at any trade excopt agitating tor a very long time. It is notorious that a considerable proportion of the members of the Labor; Defenco Committee lived on the job. For many months before their appointment to the, committee they had done no manual work; nor havo they dono any since. Mr. Hououton wishes the public to believe that the latter part of clause 11 and tho former part of clause 13 in the prograinmo of the Labor Electoral League does riot represent an attempt to sneak the Single-tax doctrine into the labor platform ; and to provo that his contention is perfectly truo he Says ' that there is a wide difference between the Single- tax and the taxation of land values. This is a characteristic bit of reasoning. Tho main objection to it is that it is dishonest. To some people it may indicate that Mr. Hououton is hari'd in glove with the Single-tax couspitatiors Who , attempted to nobble tho labor party. Our . correspondent lias thrown some additional light on the recent contest for East Sydney. He says, what we did riot previously know, that it was Mr. Cotton who proposed that the Trades and Labor Couqcil should remain neutral daring the tight. The proposition was carried, and Mr. Cotton soon afterwards announced himself as a candidate. Not only so, but Mr. Hououton, notwithstanding the action taken by his council, exerted himself to tho utmost to secure Mr, Cot ton's return. The working men will draw their own conolusions from this conduct of the secretary of the Trades and 'Labor Council, if they can retuin confidence in bim after having read his letter their tern- - pe'rament is different from what many per- - sons suppose it to be. It seems that the attack made on the Czarewitcli was not the work of a' half- crazy official, but was the attempt of a guardian of a Japaueso tempio to defend it- from a brutal ontry by tho young Russian prince. The Czar has therefore most rightly severely censured tlie cub for bis behavior. As we all know, the Eastern nations regard their temples with pcauliar veneration, and insist upon ' their being entered with duo reference. No one hut a cad would dream of offending a people amongst whom he is an' horiored guest by profaning what ' he knows thoy hold most sacred. Visitors have nothing whatcvor to do with the orthodoxy of the creeds of foreign nations ; but gentle men in tho true scdso of the word will most scrupulously respect the forms of worship which prevail in the country. And if it is' obligatory upon the natives in Japan to enter their temples barefooted,' a man ' with a grain of courtesy in him would no more think of entering ono with his bootB on than he would think of going into a Christian church with his hat on and a pipe ' in his mouth. The Czarewitch has proved himsolf a thorough snob of the most offensive, kind, arid has thoroughly deserved the treat, meuf ho received. One of ohr morning con- ' temporaries has, wo see, true to its Im perialistic tendencies, excusod the gross behaviour of the young fellow because it was merely u freak of boisterousnc'ss on the' -' part of a prince. So that there is, con fessedly, a difference between a prince and a gentleman. At one time it was considered - that the higher the rank tho greater the obligation to courtesy ; but that old- fashioned idea seems to be obsolete, at least in tho opinion of those who hold that a scion of noble rank is a person to bo slavishly toadiod. Tho Rus'siun princo lias been de servedly punished, and his father has tho good senso to' say that ho was rightly Served. 