EVENING MEETING. The hall was crowded again m tho'evening when General Booth continued his discourse ou "The Religion of Humanity." As. how ever. he did not mount the nlatform till over half-an-hour after tiie advertised time for commencement, thero was a " free- and- easy," "go-as-you-please," or what Major Dean (who conducted it) called, a "real downright Holy Ghost prayer meeting." Everybody prayed who folt like it, the noise now and then being ear-splitting. During tlie initiatory proceedings several women fainted and liad to be taken out into the fresh air. On tlie platform during the even ing was tho Rev. Samuel Wilkinson, who was loudly applauded as he took his seat, and several other ministers of religion sat in tlie auditorium. When the General arrived he was met witli tho usual roof-lifting volley, which lasted for about half a minute. Hymn No. 41 was then sung — Lord Jesus, I long t bo perfectly whole. "All sing," said General Booth, "whether you can or no. Now, put your hearts into it. Never mind whether you know the tune." Colonel Kilbey then offered up prayer, then the General, who asked repeatedly. God, save the backslider," a sentiment that met with round ou round of "Amens" and "Hallelujahs." "To-night," ho prayed, "let us have a Pentecost. To-night let us have a baptism of fire. Let us have solva tion — red-hot salvation." Mrs. Adjutant Howard and Mrs. Captain George sang as a duet — How much can you suffer for Jesus ? Which had as a chorus the following words, which tho audience repeated over and over again — I dare, Lord, I dare, Lord, 1 dare, Lord, do ull for Thee. The General spoke on tho 2nd chapter of Philippians, commencing — "If there bo, therefore, any consolation in Christ." Every man aud woman, lie repeated, should moire liis or herself a missionary for Christ, according to opportunity and ability. Till this fact was realised there would bo but little progress in tho world's redemption. While Christians were dream- ing of the future, tlie devil's forces wore in creasing, and would keep increasing till the army of the Lord grew larger and stronger. With regard to the second part of the ad dress, that having reference to the " religion humanity," most of it was a repetition of what was uttered at tho afternoon meeting. At the conclusion, ho asked the " back sliders " to throw off their sins there and then. " Do it now. Do it to-night. Do it before you leave this meeting." Several people rose aud testified, and a number were afterwards received at the penitent's form. j Ono of the Army verses was yesterday quoted in correctly. Tho two lirst lines should have read : — "Speak, Saviour, spoak; Obey Tlice I will ever." 