THE HOUSE OF I'IMMO1N. A BTORY OF TIHE "BLACK COU.NTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSIIIIhE. BT JEANIE GWYNNE BIE7I'ANY, Author of U Aurr Sasosa's Two LxoascE ,"', ZTC. CHAPTER XII. (ConTolsUD). Hoar after hour the crowd watehed, refusiug to stir. -Himmon andl iackbit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from the -mouth of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdock with his co.c pylions continued in consultation. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. "Do you think an effort can he mnad, now?" he asked in a voice quite sober. " I shall go Sdown with the first cage." A.cry of "brave man" was heard in a woman's voice, clear and silvery. It sounded like a mu,ial bell amid all that tumult. hack bit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd. and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It swas true, then; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was looking for the owner of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. lack hit's quick eye had followed her, however, and h? dashed after her at once. " Oh, cousin." he exclaimed, in a reproachful ow,' " why hivo you made us all so miser. able 1" The girl hung her headt. "I only went to hide my own misery," she said gently. "I didn't think anybody cared " "I car very much," responded Hackhit. "'Believe me. cousin, I feel more for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring hack happiness to you ;"and lth hypocrite received a grateful look from the lo ely eyes, that had grown so pathetic since he Slst beheld them, and looked larger and darker for the dark circle that now surrounded them. IHow pinched her ltttle face had grown i Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. " Whose baby have you got?" he asked. ' It belongs to that poor woman down there," replied Kezy, Indicatlag with her finger. "ihe fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death." " Is there nobody the child can be given up toP'' asked Hackbit. "'I don't know." " Perhaps the mother will come to," sug gestl lackbit. Mr. Rimmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it was, he recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. hbe was safe then: and what a scandal it all was, her disappearanco, and her turniung up like this, more like a ghost than a living girll Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, "Kirzz, my child! " And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that had comne over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so piiinted and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. " Come home with thy father, childi," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his daughter. "Let us look for the child's mother," said Hackbit, and the three moved with diffliculty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely be twenty from her looks. Ono of tihe tumne rous doctors upon the slpot were examuinig her as Hackbit drew near, andl he very soon re smarked that her trouble was over, at any rate; ebe was dead. "Has this poor girl no relatives-no one who would take charge of the baby?" asked Mr. Rimmon of the byntanders. " She has neither kith nor kin, neither has bor poor master, who lies burnt to n cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine." "Come home with me. Kirzy," said Mr. Rimmon again. "I will try and be kind to you ;" and he made no objection to her carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumloy town, the numerous low public-houses blaz.ed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their rof;ef vile traps, catching the miserable, and Maeping anguish upon them under the guise of oeamfort The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed alter. wards, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pita. This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it uip. It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone, " Above all, cross her in nothing." Unnecessary advice, how. ever, for Mr. Rimmon was not disposed to cross her. At the end of the Old Park Ilackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his steps. He was soon ugain in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. Ile had got about half-way across, when a rumbling sound, followed by a crash startled him. It was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the iine. As Hackbit passed through the town, lie was much tempted to enter one of the public-houses, but he roesated the temptation. " Hang it ail," he thought; "let me go into the jawe of death sober." When he reached the pit's mouth a cage was -waiting to be lowered. " Wait for me," he tried. Murdock was in the cage. "Don't you go, for God's sake," Hackbit said. " You are needed to right the wrongs." There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on the part of Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emergencies. There is never s cry for volun teers. There was a lull in the crowd as the rago was lowrered and those few brave men descended to r rescue some few, if possible, of the hundreds shut up in that fiery prison. A white- chokered young gentleman of some three and twenty years, with a very wide. brimmed clerical hat, ventured to 'make a zremark to some women in his neighbourhood. about submitting themselves to the will of Providence. "Shut thy - mouth," cried one of the women, " or we'll chuck thee down th' pit." They looked so much like carrying out the tbheat that the curate moved away as fast as he could with any dignity. Some jeers were thrown after him, and one of the women said, 'It's always the same gate. We mun be patient, when wages is so low de we haverior llw tooeat. It ourchildrendleof th' fever. or our lads i' th' exploion, it's the visitation of ?_hlashe_' ly ieal trbat ,aseat with ieers. Ward loek. sad ,eblt . 1·-222] Uod. Oh, hit' the pelgue o' partons is the worst plague the Lord ever sent ub- curse them." Theoe words fell on the- car of an elderly clergyman, who was tsteading by, hoping to ho of use tor ometiodl; anld he said to the womann who had tpoken, very gently, and with lmuch bitternes- " Wu clergy are great blunderr-r, I fear: but believe me, we would do better if we knew L.w. Indedl., my heart tieels for your to 1.ight." .\l! ir all th' parsonu was like you, we wouldner curse theem," replied the wouparr. There seemed to Ie sot1sethinlg haplpening at t'he pit's mouth now. 'T'hucrowd moved as Inear: as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The sigual had been givet to draw uip the cage. T'he crowd yelled like demonsllas the renuhinery wvas set in torotion tIan the ropJe flew over the pulley. ".Stand back." criedl the police. The mouth of the pit wai tilled by an object rising. It was Sthe agee. The torches revealed IIckbit and another, esch with a black burden itn his arms. The charred ilmOscs they carited were human beings. lhlankets were held by the four cornors, in re.liness, and tit; poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggors. The crowd haul itsh'ost to Lbe heaten hack now, it surged so powerfnlly towards the bodies, is order, it phssihle. to recogniseo them ; but they were unrecognisable. S'The tire's otill burning in the north cut ting.'" aid ltackbit. ' We daren't go near there." The signal was given to lower, and down went these brave men again. .\tter the fourth descent they were so exhaszttedl that new volunteors came forward. In the course of the night, some thirty bodies, sic of which were justalrve, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. 