CHAPTER IV. the Hindoo's vunxiso. Simrlia seated himself upon a chair near the door, and slowly repeated tbo questions and answers, each and all, which had passed between Reuben Cogswell and myself during my strange dream, for I could explain my lato experience no other way. When he had finished, I sprang to my feet in * Go on,’ 1 cried. * Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on mo to en gage you as my servant, because you were in want, have by some infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power; and now I swear that you shall never leave this room alive until you have answered every question which I shall I held In my hand a revolver, tho hammer raised, and tho muzzle pointing straight at his head, but, notwithstanding my attitudo and the danger which seemed to menaco him, he did not ‘ Let the sahib BBk the question before he shoots,* said he, calmly. ' Do you know tho descendant of this Reuben Cogswell?* * Who, where, and what is the person ?* 1 She is a grand-niece of the Rajah Nahmanlic, and resides in his palaco in Odeypore. What is she? A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her Blare.* I lowered my weapon,' and in a moment more he continued: * Let tho sahib listen,* ho said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let him take hoed. During tho night before ho left his native placo a double crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him, and heoscaped.* I was by this time walking back and forth in tho little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried tho rerol ler, and in my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. I did not interrupt him, however. 1 You are bound for the East on a most danger ous mission,’ he said, and your path will bo beset with treachery and danger continually.'When you least expect it death will staro you in tho face. When apparently in tho greatest security, perils subtle and sudden will stand on either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by tho' tiniest web the spider spins. And so long ns tli9 RijaliNah mnnha lives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unless you are prepared to turn back from your present intentions and forsake all further eftort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well.’ ‘ Never! I cried. Again that faint smile, like tko flitting of a phantom, passed across his face. 'I have not done,’ho continued, ‘for I know before I spoko that you would not turn back. There is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend—the friend who liberated you from prison—will watch over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and the sword is about to fall you will bo sure to be warned. How ‘cannot bo told, but let it not matter how tho warning comes heed it; no mat ter how many thero are, heed them all, or you will die.’ ‘ Who is this friend ?’ I asked, pausing abruptly in my restless pacing to and fro'; ‘ and, Simrha, who are you ? Not a servant, surely !’, ‘Yes, sahib, your servant.- Listen; you shall know all that can bo told. With that you must be satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at present. ‘ When your enomies find that yon oscapo them and still live, they will resort to apparent warn ing to lead you into danger; but heed them not. You will always know the messages of your friend by tho word “Nurha," cither spoken or written.’ ‘ Why do you toll me this ?’ I asked." To frighten me ? If that is your reason, Simrha,you will not succeed. ‘No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told taka head, for tho truth has been spoken. I deceivod you in order to enter your service, but that was done for the purpose of this interview. You could not be Bpoken to until wo wore on the water. Now that the words are spoken; we must r«rtv sahib, all that you have heard, and if you heed tho warning wo shall meet again: if not, you will fail; and, if even you had a hundred lives re given you, ono after another, you would still be— Turning abruptly, ho re-opened tho door, and left mo, while I, seating myself once more upon tho edge of tho bunk, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over tho strango words I had just heard. Was I, then, in such great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Ilajah so powerful that his influ enco extended into foreign lands, threatening peoplo’s lives’ Bah! Tho idea was preposte Aud yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was ho to know that I was in any way connected with tho affairs of Reuben Cogswell ? Nay, more I How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding tho circumstances which had hastened my departure for the East, Thero was only ono answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of tho Rajah wero upon every hand, watchful, subtle—aye, and fatal too. But why had he warned me? Why had ho selected mo ont of the chaos of Hindoo hatred to be watched over and finally saved as ho had inti mated? Was it only to lead me into groater dangers ? Was it part of the treachery to which he referred ? or did there exist some motive of which I had no conception for his friendliness to wards me ? Alas I there was no answer to that! ‘ Stop!’ I exclaimed, hurriedly. ‘I will go on deck and find him, question him further, and force him to toll mo more. Without thinking twice, 1 left the stateroom for the deck, on reaching which, howover, not a sign of Simrha could be soon anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back and forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would bo fruitless, 1 spoke to the chief officer, and explained to him my wish to find my servant. ‘ Oh, yes,’ lid said, * remember him perfectly— | a strang'e-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian—eh ? 1 thought, so. IIo spoke to mo hero on deck less than an hour ago. Lost him —eh? Well, ho is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.’ Calling tho pursuer to his aid, wo three resumed the search, but after occupying an hour in fruitless endeavours to hud him, wo met again. •Ho couldn’t leave tho ship very well, unless ho went overboard,’ said tho officer, * and ho could not very well do that in daylight without my hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find him if 1 havo to ransack tho ship from stem to stern.’ Wo began with tho steerage, every one of tho passengers in that part of tho vessel being com pelled to pass in review before us, Wo wont down into tho hold, where stowaways secret hhemselves. We looked among the stokers iu thebailer-room3. In fact, not a portion of tho ship whnro a man could by any possibility havo secreted himself was left unexamined. Simrha bad disappeared. Tho entire ship, crew and passengers alike, bo camo interested in tho strange and inexplicable event, and felt that ho must bo found; but as tho day wore on, and still my Hindoo serva nt was inis i sing, 1 gave him up. • He must havo gone overboard,' said the chief officer to me, when the search was completed, • for 1 am positive that he is not aboard the ves sel now.’ | And so thought 1, and although 1 could not be- ! lieve that he had voluntarily thrown him self into the Bea, 1 concluded that in attempting to conceal himself he had somehow fallen overboard and been lost. On tho following day a new excitement of some kind arose, and my missing servant was forgptten, until almost night, when the chief officer, followed by the steward, approached mo ns 1 smoked my cigar on the deck. \ 1 The steward tells me a strange st<» y,‘ said tho officer, * and 1 have asked him to repeat it to you. If, after you havo heard it, you would like to have the ship gone over again, it shall be done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward’s story nothing but imagination.* ‘ Let mo hear it,* 1 said. He said that haU an hour before he was put ting away somj glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, wherohokepb several kinds of dainty food, He opened the door suddenly, and was frightened nearly out of his wits by tho sight that met his Standing at the farther end of tho pantry; with a glass of wine at his lips, was tho figure of my Hindoo servant Simrlia. Tho steward quickly recovered his wits, how ever, and crying, ‘Aha, lhave caught you, have 1?’ sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But ho had not taken the second step before ho came to a sudden stop, for tho East Indian was no longer there. He had disappeared before tho steward's eyes, and at the further end of a tittle clo30t-like room, from which there was absolutely no means of escape, except by passing through the door behind tho indignant steward. The man rubbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blurred liis vision', but tho Hindoo had van ished tike tho flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed Tho second look satisfied him that he was not mistaken, while on the other hand ho was as posi tive that the strange man had been there when he first entered. Thoroughly frightened, lie turned and fled from tho placo, convinced that he had seen a gho3t, and going straight to the chief officer, ho had told the story which in turn was related to ‘ All imagination, 1 say,' ejaculated the officer ‘ but all th3 same, Mr. Merton (that wa3 the name X hid caused to be entered in the pisssugor list for mine) wo will make another search if you say ‘Let us go into pantry,’ 1 replied. ‘Had Simrha indeed been thero engaged in drinking wine, thero will be some ovideuco3 of his prcsonce there, surely.' We went together to tho steward's pantry, and there, upon tho littlo table at the further end was a half-empty bottle of claret and a glass, both of which the steward took his oath wero not thero when ho had gone out of the place a couple of honrs before, encountering in his way what ho now thoroughly believed to be the phantom of Simrha. ‘ Ghosts don't drink wine and eat biscuits,' Baid the chief officer, * and here are crumbs which show that somebody has beon ongiged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton?'. 1 did not know what to say, feeling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shapes and inex" plicable events, which somehow influenced me strangely. ' Lot us make another search,' said 1, after a This time it was made with oven moro tho roughness than it had been before, tho differ ent parts of the vessel being examined simulta neously. The result, however, was the same as before, as after two hours had been consumed in tho fruit less search for the Hindoo, tho chief officer sought me out again. ' It is useless,' he said; ' the fellow is not aboard ‘ How, then, do you account for tho steward's story V 1 asked. ‘ Superstition and imagination,’ he replied; and he turned away to attend to his duties. When 1 went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt m my mind. 1 could not shako off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard tho vessel, and caught myself looking earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding me with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his swarthy face. 1 even went so far as to pull aside the curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at me from among the life-preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that arlicles were missing from his pan try, but the chief oflicor charged the fact to the man’s superstitious terror, saying sentcntiously, ‘ now that Clark had seen one ghost he would bo troubled with them all his life.’ We mado port at Liverpool soon aftor daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at tho earliest moment when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroused by a loud rap on my door just ns darkness was fleoing before the ad vanco of the sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dres AVas it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hung on its hook against the bulkhead ? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 seized the frag ment of paper with trembling hands, and as 1 read a strange, creeping sensation tingled through my nervous system. Thero was an evidence of the presence of Sim rha, for there could bo no doubt that it was he who intended to act as tho mysterious friend who was to give mo timely warning of any approaching danger. The note wag written in the Hindustani langu age, nna was as follows t ‘Do not stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across the Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Kurils I hesitated. • » • | . Now was the time for mo to decido whether or not I ehonld follow tho advice thus given me, for if 1 followed it at all, it must bo to do so implicitly in blind confidence and obedience. How had tho noto been placed in ray room while I slept? Was Sitnrlu really alive and aboard tho ship ? If so, ho must indeed be adroit jo successfully evade the men who had searched {or him so diligently through every part of the vessel. It was evident that 1 could not avoid him. W hy, then, attempt it ? If ho were indeed my friend, 1 jelt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man. »I wm obey V 1 a aid aloud; and then I sprang hurriedly aronnd, for a voico behind mo had re plied almost instantly: 1 Nnrha thanks you.' • Who spoko?’ 1 cried; but no one answerod. A careful search satisfied me that 1 was alono. •1 am besot with dovils—or angels,' I mattered, *. or eUe 1 am going mad.’ My toilot was completed in tho utmost haste, and I left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thonco across tho Channel to Calais. Nothing occurred worth remark during the time ! thus employed, and I resolved to remain in the quaint old French town a few days for rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was i rather awry since the night when I had completed l my bargain with—whom ? With Prime and l Harley, or with thoir ghosts ? Ugh ! At all events, I had completed tho bargain. j With whom or what that bargain had really been completed could avail nothing now. It was l done, and there was an end of it—so far? Four days passed in this way, and 1 bad decided to tako my dopartnro on Iho morning of tho 3 fifth. Hj 3 [To be Continued.] 