TRIP TO EUROPE (By Mm W, I. Thrower). No. 31. A VISIT TO ROCHESTER. Apart from the interest attached to old] Bocnester with its .splendid otietla — one of ; the beet preserved remains of ancient feudal davs which exists in England— 1 the city and its vicinity possess an ' additional claim upon the attention of the 1 tourist, inasmuch as it abounds with b&sod-; 1 ations of the greatest of modern novelists j — Charles Dickens. — To wander about the | quaint streets of the city, to visit the j localities rendered immortal in the pages j of Pickwick and other works, would be a 1 treat of no common order to any one who : feels interested in visiting places which j possess a H history,' but to see them as 1 4 wae privileged to do in the company of | one who was . an enthusiast in ill that ' relates to his favorite' author, and who] knows every inch of the ground in the' locality, was, as may be imagined, a very 1 enjoyable experience forme. My visit to Rochester was made in company witb Mr ; S. Hearnden, R.N., a gentleman who has made some successful essays in tbe world of literature himself, and wbo has now in 1 tbe publisher's hands, a poetical description of a very interesting legend connected witb Rochester Castle. Our first visit was to the castle itself, a glorious view of which was presanted as we approached the old 1 city from the station at Strood. The outer walls which encircled the castle itself 1 ar only partially standing, with here and there the remains of a massive tower, over 1 the crumbling remnant great masses of ivy now grow, and within the space around j tbe castle once enclosed by the walls ; the grounds which are exquisitely laid out, I were brilliant at the time of my visit with 1 a wealth of bloom, the golden, while, rose, and crimson chrysanthemums serving to relieve by their brightness the gloom which is generally inseparable from all great buildings which have become a total ruin. The history of Rochester Castle, or rather of its origin appears to be involved in uncertainty but it is considered to date from tbe earliest Saxon times, although there c&n; be no doubt that the super structure of which the remains now exist is of the Norman period, for its architecture is distinctly of the Norman style. It has its four great towers still entire, and tbe battlements, by which they are connected ia distinctly of the Norman style. From the latter a magnificient view of the surrounding country is obtainable, but as a thick baze hung over everything at a j distance when 2 ascended, of course it was impossible to see beyond the city itself. But as it was with the old castle itself that I was chiefly interested, I did not so much regret the absence of the view I had been promised, for I was lost in wonder at the great strength and beauty j of this once important stronghold. From the battlements as I looked down into the | interior, I could trace the great banquet ing hall with its galleries still running around it, the huge Norman pillars with matchless arches, and ' dogs- tooth ' sculp tures as perfect as though they were erected but twenty years ago, these arches' were used instead of doors for purposes of egress and ingress and were formerly hung with rich tapestries ; upon the flooor above was tbe great receptioa room, this as well au tbe UauquAtisg-h≪ occupied the entire length and breadth of the building, excepting that portion which was taken up by tbe corridors and galleries which were carried round. The sleeping apartments of the lords and ladies were upon tbe upper floor, the servants and household officers upon the ground floor, and beneath the castle were tbe dark aud noisome dungeons which were a feature of all old feudal castles, but thoee at Rochester Castle have been closed long since. There is a curious story connected with this old castle, like so many other , legends of the kind, it is based solely on tradition, but I understand that it belongs to the time of the Crusades, although 1 could not ascertain the name of the actors of the supposed drama, but as the scary goes, a lady whose knight had ridden forth to fight in Palestine, was in his absence cruelly murdered in a turret chamber in the castle upon St. Mark's Eve, and her body was concealed in the ground beneath; it is said that upon every anniver sary of the event a lady's arm and hand surrounded by a luminous huzs, has has appeared at the window ot this chamber ! and pjinted to the spot where the body was concealed, but as no one in modern ! times has seen the vision, it may be pre sumed that the ghost is ' laid upon this legend, Mr Hearnden's romance in verse of ' The Liady of Rochester Castle ' is based ; he pointed out to me tbe very window. Iu the centre of one of tbe thick walls of the castle stiil exists a circular passage from the lowestto thetopmoststorvthrough Which a ffreat vessel of water was drawn the well which supplied the liquid is still at its base although it is now closed. A great many of the old stone steps in the winding stairs of the turrets by which we ascended are still in tbeir places, some of them are said to bave been placed where they are «oon after the Norman Conquest. After leaving the castle, we visited the Cathedral which is at no great distance. Ttiif, also, Is for the greater part of Norman design, but it has a mixture of styles, some portions being ot the early English pointed style. The in teriordoe80otstrike one with the somBsense of grandeur as do many cathedrals I have seen in o&her; parts of England, but that is probably owing to the fact that it is about the smallest in its proportions of any of tbem. The interior of the roof in tbe nave and aisles too is poor, and not in keeping with the beautifully sculptured Norman triforium arches, and the massive pillars which support them. But the West Door of the twelfth century period is as beau 1 tiful as any one could desire, and t have seldom seen anything of ancient workman ship which 1 have admired so much. Its clustered oolumns and arches are rich witb , sculptures and a group of sculptured figures over the eestre ere so time-worn as 1 to be almost unrecognisable; the niches by ! which the western front of the Cathedral is adorned, are all, save one, tenantless. A work of restoration is now going on upon the exterior. After we left the Cathedral we went through the Close, with its beau tiful old gate ways, and quaint houses. We walked through ' Minor Canon Row,' described by Dickens in his M Mystery of Drood,' and saw the curious row of red brick tenements, with their odd little porches over the doors like sounding boards over old pulpits, and then we went on to seethe famous 'Watts' Charity,' or as it is better known, 'tbe Seven Poor Travellers.' Thts charity was founded by Richard Watts in 1579, and is still in a very flourishing etete. The boose in which the charity is administered is of very curious a£pect. It has a front orna mented with three gables. Over the centre doorway is tbe following inscription, 41 Richard Watts, Esq., by his will, dated »22od August, 1679, founded this Charity for Six Poor Travellers, who not being Rogues or Proctors, may receive p-ratis for one night, Lodging, Eutertainment, and Four pence each.' Every night six travellers who have not wherewithal to pav for their lodging an selected by an officer appointed for the paipOM (lot there «ppUo»ntt in ' excess of the number to be admitted) and these are provided with oocommodatioe for -the night. This conettts of' half a pmtbA of good meat, one pound of bread, and half a pint of porter ft good clean comfortable bed in separate room, and four pence at leaving the following morn ing. We inspected the six little bed chambers, and found them spotlessly clean, with every requisite for passing s restful night within, each having a ftre-place a a stipulated by the terms of the founder's fettl There is, besides,' a cosy little room wherein the meat, bread, and porter are served, and a vestibule in which lavatory operations are performed. In the dining rbotn was a cheery looking fire, and upon the table, ready for that evenings travellers stood a tray with six mugs, six pipes, plates, etc., truly a haven of rest such as greets but seldom many of the way-worn piigrim* who find their shelter hers. The charity, which at the time of its institu tion enjoyed only as income of £30 per annum, has, through tbe rise in value of the property bequeathed, now become possessed of about £5000 yearly, and bas devoted the rest of its funds to an hospital and almshouses for aged men and women ; tbe Poor Travellers institution remaining as it wae originally. It is frequently called now the 'Seven Poor Travellers' from the title of a tale written by Dickens, who visited this place and enrolled him self as the M seventh.' His autograph in the visitors book which I saw is now one of the interesting features of the institu tion. Before leaving Rochester we went to vihit the Bull Hotel, in which Mr Pickwick and his friends were lodged, and in which the famous dance was held. . The ball room, grand staircase, and ooffee-room are all as they were described by Dickens in his memorable work, and the room in which Dickens wrote so many of his books before be resided at Gad's Hill was exhibited to us. It is fall of beautiful old Chippendale chairs, tables and cabinets, which are now almost priceless in value. The bed chamber in which Mr Pickwick went through his amusing adventure with the lady in the ' carl papers' is there too. and altogether the hotel is as curious as 1 could euppose before seeing it actually ; it is full of stairs and passages which seem to meet you at every turn. We drove past Gad'e Hill House, not at present open to visitors, as it has recently changed owners. I remarked the two magnificent cedars which are opposite the house, and beneath which is the passage by which Dickens passed backwards and forwards from bis house to the Swiss chalet in the garden where so much of his literary work was done. Not far from Gad's Hill, and opposite to it is the Folstaff Inn, a house dating from Queen Anne's time. It occupies the site of the self-same hostelry in which FalstafTs adventure was described by Shakspeare. It formerly had an old fashioned swinging sign representing Fal staff fighting with men in buckram suits on one side, and upon tbe other Falstaff being pitched into the Thames from a basket, the merry wives of Windsor looking on approvingly. The short November day now drawing to its close, admonished us that my sight 1 seeing for the day was over, and although | i would have greatly liked to see some of I the many other places of interest with | which Rochester abounds, I was reluctantly I obliged to give up all idea of doing so, 