BOXING. Griffo and Murphy. A boxing contest for tho feather-weight championship of tho world will take place to-night; The combatants are Alf. Griffiths, or " Griffo," and Billy Murphy, and „thc fight will ho under the auspices and rules of the-Sydney Amateur Gymnastic Club, who arc giving a £150 purse (£125 to the winner nnd £25 to the loser). The approaching battle is creating an immense amount of in terest, as the sporting community is equally divided us to the relative abilities of the two men. Griffo and Murphy havo once met iu a fight to a finish, and the result was a win for the former. But that did ' not settle the arguments whether Murphy was the better man or not. Murphy's fanciers say that he was not properly truined, und predict that, fit and well, ho will make mincoinent of the "Rpcks"lad. Whatever his condition was when' he met Griffo in Sip-ember last, Murphy is in grand fighting trim now, and will have no legitimate excuses on that score if defeated. For tho last five weeks ho has been working us if his life depended on tho issue of to-night's fight, and has not now loz. of , superfluous flesh on him. He speaks confidently of his chances, and has fully made up his mind to do or die. Griffo does not liiako any mis take about Murphy. Ho has trained hard for him, and can be reckoned on to render a good account of himself. Jack Batemanlias got him in superb shape and lie will appear at his very best to-niglit. Both men being physically fit tho question arises " Which of the twain has the most effective style of .fighting.?' Griffo Iins never yet been de feated, and his quickness mid trickery are responsible tor this. Nobody has ever vet hit him a square blow on tho jaw, so cleverly does he work - his head during a fight. Ho bombards bis opponent con stantly, and never gives'him the ghost of a rest. Ho. lias a good reach, possesses great stamina, and- is us game us a bulldog. His hitting is. not as heavy as some people would like, but all the men he has ever met are unanimous in declaring1 tlidt he hits hard enough for all practical purposes: Murphy, when in front of Griffo, tried desperately for 13 rounds to hit him a'heuyyblnw, bitt very seldom landed, Griffo avoiding vicious swings aimed at: him with' marvellous agility. Billy Murphy de pends upon winning fights by sheer hard hitting. He has a most danger-- otis right, and uses it too. It is scarcely' an exaggeration to say that he could fell a bullock with one of his first- class right-handers. But it must bo recol lected that in Griffo Murphy lias a very slippery customer to deal with. Murphy tried once, before to slog him out, but could not succeed, and the Star thinks ho 'will fail again. Tho writer expects a longer fight than the last, and a more exciting one, but tips Griffo to win. John L. Sullivan will witness the mill, together "with Messrs. Duncan Harrison, Jack Ashtoui and Jack Burnett. 