A STAGE GHOST. In the course of thirty years’ experience as an aelor and manager in the provinces, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so utterly beyond my powers of comprehen sion as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre- Royal, Woolford, jnst before Christ mas IS72. I hnvo often related tho details of this matter to my friends, and it was talkod of freely at tho timo. Of courso, every man who beard it had a theory of his own whorewith to account for tho incident which I could not possibly account for ; neverthe less, none of these theories over satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to-day about that strange affair as I was tho day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, os most people—at least people of my profession—aro aware, is one of tho most important theatrical towns in England, and its Theatre-Royal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was tho habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was in accordance with this practice that tho com pany of which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas 1872. Wo were a strong com bination, and daring oar stay in the place gained much applause for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount ing and accessories. There were threo persons in our company who excited my interest in an unusual doaree. Tho first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Eat timer, a very handsome clover woman, who was as charming off tho stage as on it Sho was a good deal above tho ordinary run of actresses, and looked npon her work with that fino enthusiasm whicn always tends to success. It was a great thing for her chances in the profession that she had been exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages in tho groat dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would havo found it difficult to understand. Sho worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with tho result that when sho repre sented ono of her favourite characters you qtiito forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet or Hcsdomona or Perdita, as the caso might bo. Miss Lattimer, in fact, had already achieved the great dis tinction of submerging herself in the character which she engaged to present. THo second person who attracted my notice was onr loading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Boville. Ho baa come into tho company upder somewhat mysterious circumdances. Hono of us knew him as an actor; he had certainly not gone through the mill, as most of us had; and yet ho proved himself very speedily a most finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to tho ono he occupied at Woolford. Our mnnager, if he knew anything of Bovillo’s history, caroiully refrained from sharing the knowledge with us, and we therefore invented1 a story tor ourselves to tho effect that Boville was a peor in disguise who was aoting for amusement. That no was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of the scotety which wo usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident that ho had been educated as only public-school and university men are. He was always kind aud sociable with tho rest ot us; but wo knew well enough that he was Dot of us, and that u ti ler other conditions we should not have lmd intimate relations with him. Bovillo was a tall handsome man of 28 or .10, and I often thought that he and Miss Lsttimer made a very fine couple. After ho joined tho company, Miss Lattimer and ho struck up a ft iendship which no doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal togetbor, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing scenes from famous plays, just for the lovo of the thing, I think. But in spite of all this, I nover saw anything which led me to suppose Boville to be in love with Miss Lattimer. Ho was always as respectful to her, iu a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, .as he was to tho other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his 11 swell" manners. There was one person, howover, who thought that Boville was making loro to Miss Lattimer, and that was tho third of the threo persons who had excited my interest. Until Bovillo’s sudden advent and rapid riso amongst us, Mr. Charles MeUordhad always been regarded as our most promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might bo said to bavo been born on the stage. It was only natural that ho should very much resent the way in which our manager passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent ment^ and to throw out hiuts about amateurs and stage- struck swells, and so on. To this, however, no ono paid much attention, for Bovillo was undoubtedly a very fine and capablo actor, and woll worthy the esteem in which our mauager held him. I had often thought that Melford was in lovo with Mis9 Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression iu his face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain spoech of her and fail, at which times tho look would turn to cue of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when you came to know him; but bis dark, somewhat sullen countenance did not inspire any one wiih feelings of liking. Thru, too, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes bal ugly tits, iu which it was almost dangerous to speak to him. 1 btrliere that old Stmpsou, our mmager, would have got rid of him but for tie fact that Melford was a thoroughly trained actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was tho first week in December when we opened at Woolford, and wo were to remain there until the 20th, when tho thoctro would be closed for a few days to allow of preparations being mnda for tho annuli pantomime. During tho two or three weeks ‘ procoaing our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than ono occasion I happened to como across Miss Lattimer aud Melford talking togother, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, while I was quite ctrtain that bo was speaking aligrily and with a sort of peremptoriness that he bad no right to assume. T\vo days niter our arrival at Woolford I overheard those two talking in one of tho dressing-rooms, and caught tho final words which were spokeuby Melford. * I shall stand it no longer : I’ll give von tweuty-fnur hours, und if you dou't speak theu, I shall!" Then he went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre: and though sho ha l a thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedding tears. I wondered wlmt it was that .Melford wished her to speak about, but finally decided that it was nothing more than tome grievance in relation to business matters, of which Melford, being a peevish man, ulwuja had a stock. And yet that h irdly accounted for Miss Lattimer’s tea1- How ever, it w.is no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. Our play that night was “ Romeo and Juliet," with Miss Lattimer und Bovillo as tho two ill-fated lovers, and Moiford in the part of Tybalt The occuion was somewhat out ot tho ordinaiy, for the Mayor and Aldermen of Woolford had giveu their patronage, and were to bo present in full force. When tho curtain went up there was hardly standing- room in the more popular parts of the house ; and by the timo we had reached tho ball-scene, aud Romeo saw Juliet for tho first time, there was not a seat to be bad in stalls or boxes, for lovo or money. It seemed to mo that Boville was soino what agitatod that night. I bad at eu him early in the evening in conversation with Miss Lattimernt tho wings. They were not long together; but Melford raw them, and a fieros look camo over hit face. Ho wont away, mattering to himself, and I thought that wo should have trouble ere long. Littlo did I guess how it was to como. Wa.reached the scene where Tybalt, re timing to the stage, is met and slain by Romeo. I stood at tho wings watching, others of tho company standing near me. Tybalt rushed on, and was met by Romoo. I started to see how real the thing looked. Both men, Boville and Moiford, glared at each other as if thequarrel had been a real one affecting themselves. Tho duel com menced, the fencing wis superb, for both men wore accomplished srronLmen. One of tho raea standing by my side remarked bow like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as in tho stage directions, Romeo ran Tybalt through the heart, and the latter with ono glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a second, gazing at his prostrate foe. A long sigh broke upen tho crowded house, And then all of a sudden, ono of tke girls standing at the wings shrieked alond and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ing tho boards. The duel had been no acting; it was real, and Melford lay there dead ! I havo only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no moro acting that ni*?kL Rnd the* streets wet* soon fall of a crowd talking of tho awful mischance that had just taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischanco it could be, and nothing olso. Ry some dire mistake, Boville bad used a buttonless rapier. At tho crucial moment, he said,Melford slipped, and the weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had pemt a ted his heart. Of course there was nn inquiry and an ' inquest and so en; but everybody seemed ! agreed that the whole thing was a terrible i accident, and no blame was attached to Boville. Melford was interred, and in a day or two tho matter was treated like the pro ▼erbial nino days’ wonder. Hut Boville went about looking veiy pale and haggard—a great contrast to Miss Lattimer, who some how seemed to have recovered her spirits. For a week after tho accident the theatre 1 was closed and when we re-opened, BoriUe’s name was not on the bills, tho manager con- I sidering it advisable that he should not appear for a while. Consequent/ the duties of loading man dovolved on me, and ham work I had during the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to the satisfaction ox old Simpson that ho set apart the lost night of ourstay at Woolford for my benefit. Now, I had always a dcsiro to play Ramee, and I was aU tbe more anxious to appear in that character on my benefit night because Miss Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about the pro- > priety ofj producing the play again so soon after tho fatal accident; but we finally decided upon doing so, and tho bills were got out. I was anxious that Bovxile should sup port me. and prevailed upon him to take the pa t of Tybalr. Heahivered slightly when I named the part tohim, but finailyconsentedon condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came ; X had a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer was in magnificent form. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I felt so elated with my own mcce.-s as to havo visions of a great caner in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy apd under a cloud. 44 Tom,** she said, coming^o me at the wings, “something is going to happen to mo to 1 looked at him in amazement. He snook his head. 41 Something will happen to mo to night,” he repeated. 441 know it. I feel,” i ho said in a lower voice, and looking round j him,—441 feel that something is haunting me.” ** Nonsense !*' I answered. 44 You're I out of sorts, Boville. 'Hie Christmas! jollities will put you all right *’ , 4 You'll eee,” he said, and turned away. j Tho scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slsy him. As I stood awaiting Bjvii’e’s approach, I ; suddenly became aware of a straniio coldness that seemed to spread it tit all round mo. j Tke words, I ‘ Hrrv conus the fi^ry Tybalt !> .»<* a -n:n.* j fell on my caw unheeded. I *:iw Boville I advancing. And then—I felt a cold touch on I my hand, and a voice— Meiford's voice j —whisper: 44 Not you, Tom.” I felt myself j held as iu a vice, and saw another Romeo glide past mo sword in hand. I camrht a glimpse of his face—heavens 1 it was Melford came back. I heard the rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. 1 heard a voice behind me whisper : *• Go on, Tom—go on,” and never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost Melford, fighting. ' Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on the stage. - Whenlcamoround.it was t.i heir of a tragedy. They said that Boville advanced upon the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stood still ns if transfixed. Bovillo’s face suddenly assumed a horror stricken expression; ho threw up bia arms and dropped — dead. Heart-disease, the doctors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was tho nature ! of that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the two men, I know beyond I question that my placo as Romeo was assumed for a minute by the spirit of Charles Melford in order that he might wreak his j vengeance on the man who had murdered uiru tnreo weew betore. • -C tfltnhtt's Journal. 