Tasmania. iFrosi oca own Correspondent.) IiiUscESToN, Saturday, Tin: Exhibition meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club was most enjoyable, for there was fine weather, good fields, and tbe course was in capital order, but tbe attendance was Hardly up to tue average. Proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, for which the ; eight cn the card saddled up. Young LupiJirt, on the strength of his late ; running, was most fancied, but he was never troublesome, aud the finish was fought out between Merry Soul and Battle Abbey, and the former won. There was nq interest in the Tnal Stakes, for it was considered a dead certainty for Amalgam, by The Assyrian — Miss Mignonette, a handsome, compact irciu grey, with plenty of quality. His jockey bad hard work to keep him to his company, and when asked he came away and won &e; he liked from Chatterbox. Out of the seven who started for the two-year-old prize tho brown colt, Serpent, who ran so well at Longford, was considered the best, but Mr. R. O'Connor's The Muff, by Napoleon— Mabel, got away with a flying start and was never headed. The colt qivfts prpqifgp tv assifern, who ran seoond. andicap was a grand race, j . - -.n starters, and the stable a Compeer, who,' with Eli, \- douhte or burst. The s. ire op Babylon and Sweet _ Ufl.iatter being the pick of . quickly installed favorite, as uic ...ways go to win. The flyer Tennyson, with his ugly white face, had a good many backers, but away from the crowd were the two chestnut representatives from the Biugarooma stable, sons of old Manuka, Bed Rover and Napier. ' The former was known to be' an honest goer, bat it was admitted that his stable companion could give him nearly a furlong in the distance. Both looked in the pink of condition, but Napier showed that he had too much of the fieri! 'u liim to make anything a certainty. Tiere were spme vory sweet on tha hand- BPQje filly, Bilvercord. The race was a hopper. Napier ran off early, but the field kept close together, Tennyson in th? vjm until a quarter of a mile from home, where the favorite was beaten, and lied Rover worked through his horses ; a splendid finish ensued. Compeer, who was piloted by Morri6son. who rode tbeOaulfiedCup winner, mode a desperate bid, but tbe 41 red on'1 kept his nose in front of him and Bflvaxeord. 5ben Dick Turpin, who had been whipping In, made a splendid rash, aud as the four passed the post tliey pould have boon covered with a sheet. The verdict was Mr. Krushka's lioi&e; by half a head, Silvercord second, piqk Turpin third, and Compeer fourth. Tbe winner is by Manuka— Miss West, and the win was a popular one. Six saddled up for the Steeplechase, but it was simply a match hetweenvhe Evaadale mare Ouida and the Victorian Intrigue, for 3gJii, tlie favourite, was unable to pace with (be pair. The mare led nearly ell the way, gaining ground each jump and losing it be tween, psd when ft uaxne to a straight .run home her top weight told, and she was beaten by half a length. The stewards frpd Rechu up, who rode Eli. and di&piaBljed; him for six months for not persevering with his horse. Rather harsh treatment con sidering be had not a ghost ofa show at the finish, and it was only knocking the horse about for nothiflg Shoe writing last the T.R.C. have lost one of their warmest supporters by the death t& Mr, JE. F Wilson. He went home some tijoe book for the benefit of hie health, and the U0W8 of the failure of the Van piemen's Hand Bank, in which he w&s; a director, hgfl a very depressing effect on him, and he only retarped hoqie to die. A keen sportsman, anfi oqe of the most liberal, open-handed petrous of the feport. The racing world here wijl have cause to regret his untimely deceaig, Twp 'jockeys named WoodfieJd and Fifegewjd had a row at Joe Powell's stable gt gvaqdale, when the former hit the latter pver tha with the handle of a broom- The condition of the injured lad is serious. It is stated HQ the authority of " Pakeba" iq the TatvuiTfiaH .that Dick Turpin lias been sold fpr and goes into Joe Powell's stable, aud that Ardcc found a purchaser in Mr. Fitzgerald. A sale of stock took place at Mr. W. V. Field, Enfield, yesterday, but the bidding was very dull. Mount Lyell was sold to Mr. J. Field for 200gns, and Davehine to the same gentleman -for £75, and a number of other thoroughbred jcolts end fillies sold from £20 downwards. Th® champion sculling match in the Tiupar regatta on 2nd February, is worth £50, aud the Exhibition Hantaan for scullers is also worth the flame auonnt to the winner, with £10 in each event to the second. 