BOGUS MINING COM PANIES. THE STOCK EXCHANGE CONFERS WITH THE MINISTER OF MINES. A conference took place yesterday between members of tho committee of tho Stock Ex change of Melbourne and the Minister of Minea, Mr. Outtrim, at tho invitation of the latter, for the purpose of considering what action should be taken with a view to protact the publie against tho floating of bogus and fraudulent mining companies. Mr. Outtrim said the aims of both the Stock Exchange and of the Mining department should be towards one end— namely, in the direotlon of purging a certain soction of speculators who hung on to legitimate mining. They should endexvor'to scour o the mining operations of the country being carried on in as pure a manner as possible. It must liavo been patent to thorn as members of tho Stock Exchange — and to bim it had been patent for years past — that the, people of the colony were been fleeced to the extent of many thousand of pounds annually through tho flotation of bogus companies. These pcoplo seemed to him to hang on to legitimate mining in a manner that was not conducive to the public interest nor to the prosperity of legitimate mining. When there was a lino of well defined reef and a well dofiued gutter and as soon as a claim struok good gold, either quartz or allu vial, the whole of the neighborhood for a mile on eaoh side was pegged out. Claims were placed on the market without tho ghost of a chance of their ever seeing the color of gold on them. In times of excitement people were led away, and they took suutca in all sorts of ven tures, and, of course, they lost their money. If this could be in a measure stopped, it would help on bond fide mining in a great degree. He hod asked the committee of the Stock Exchange to meet him, notso much to hear their views as to lay beforo them a few facts for their own con sideration. In his opinion no raining company Bhould bo permitted to register unless careful examination had been made of the locality in which the company proposed to work. This examination might be mado by mining experts, who could be appointed by the department. They should bo men of known probity, in whom the public had implicit confidence ; and no com pany should be registered without tho experts' certificate having been granted it, nor unless tho amount of capital provided under tho not were actually subscribed. Ecfore ft company could operate there- should be a certificate from a bank manager to show that tho required amount of capital had not only been subscribed ; but that it had not, subsequent to its having been subscribed, been used for any other purpose than actual mining purposes — such as in payments to tho 'the promoters, kc. Legislation should take place in the direction of increasing the amount of capital to bo called up, and in seeing that it was applied in the direction it was intended. Tho Stock Exchange, by thoroughly inquiring into tho bond fides of raining companies before registering them on their official list, would do much to prevent the present cause of complaint ; and they could easily do it by framing a by-law to that effect. He had before him a copy of a Canadian Act respecting gambling in stooks and merchandise, one clause of which provided as follows :— Everyone who with tho intent to make gain or profit by the rise or fall in price of any stock of any incorporated or unincorporated company or under taking, cither in Canada or elsewhere, or of any goods, wares or merchandise, and without tho band fide intention of acquiring any such shares, wares, goods, or merchandise, or of selling the same, as the case may bo, makes or signs, or authorises to be made or signed, any contract or agreement, oral or written, pur porting to be for the sale or purchase of any such shares of stock, goo- is, wares, or merchandise ; and every one who acts, aids, or abets in tho making or signing of any such contract or agreement . . . shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and liablo to im prisonment for any term not exceeding 5 yeavs, and to a fine not exceeding 500 dol. It was well known that in Melbourne a large number of transactions were entored into which were not altogether of a propor character. Per sons not possessed of a shilling, and without the chance of raising money, were continually buy ing shares. If the value of the shares went up the vendor would no doubt be paid, and if the value decreased he had to put up with tho con sequences and would lose his money. This was a class of purchasers which ought to be wiped out of existence on the earliest possible occasion. This wns one of tho questions upon which he desired to consult with the members of the Stock Exchange, to see whether they could not get somo legislation passed bearing upon tho subject. He would supply the Stook Exchange with a copy of the Canadian Act, and the Secretary for Mines would communicate further with them, setting forth tho views of tho department. On receipt of this communication the gentlemen represent ing the Stock Exchange could carefully con sider it, and it would bo for them to make any representations they might chose to adopt to the department. The questions that would more particularly come under their purview were the floating of mining companies. and the irregular dealing in shares, to which he had referred. He would like thorn now to give a short expres sion of opinion upon the question, especially as to whether in their opinion legislation waB desirable. Mr. F. W. Were, the chairman of tho Stock Exchange committee, stated ho was glad the Minister had invited tho committeo to oonfer with him, but when they came they wore not aware of what was the intention of the Minister nor what he was going to talk to thorn about. The committee of the Stock Exchange of Mel bourne had for somo little, time past been taking stcpB to remedy as far as possible the registra tion of bogns companies on their official list of companies, and they were also trying to make the promoters of companies comply as far as possible with the existing act. They had had great difficulty in carrying this out so far. One of their rules or by-laws was as follows : — Placing of Stocks upon Official List— Companies applying to have their names placed upon the official list must furnish full particulars to the satisfaction of tho members. They must give assurance of due formation, and that the scrip has been issued and is available for transfer, and undertake to supply to the secretary of the Stock Exchange of Melbourne from timo to time— without his applying for same — prompt notification of all calls, dividends, alterations of capital, or other material information regarding the company whilo on the olficial list. The committee shall have power to remove any company from the list if they seg. cause to do so. Tho application must remain upon the Exchange notice hoard for two days, after which the members will decide by a majority of those present whether tbo company shall or shall not be admitted to tho list The fee payable upon application of the com pany shall be fixed from time to timo by tho raem- mcmbers, the present fees being 10 guineas for investment companies and 5 guineas for mining companies. The experience of the Stock Exchange wont to show that of lato companies had been floated with too little monoy placed to their credit. The not provided that 5 per cent, of tho subscribed capital must be paid up, but in many cases that had not been done. The promoters collared from a half to three-fourths of the amount, and in some cases even more, leaving but a very Bmall sum to the credit of the company. Often the sum thus left, after pay ing tho promoters, was sufficient only to carry the company on for a month or two ; in fact it was hardly more than sufficient to pay the manager's expenses and the directors' fees. In tho opinion of the Stock Exchange at least 5 per cent, of the subscribed capital should be paid up and placed to the credit of the company, and, if they could manage it, their intention xvas to make companies comply with that regu lation. In the event of companies declining to do so he hoped to get members of the Stock Exchange to agree not to place such companies on the olficial list of tho Stock Exchange. Mr. R. E. Wnllen said the Stock Exchange would be glad to afford any help it could, but he did not think the committeo could offer any definite opinion upon the questions raised by the Minister until they had consulted their fellow members. Mr.' Outtrim said all he wished to know was whether the members of the Stock Exchange committee were inclined to act with him. Mr. Wallet! : II y looking at tho rulos of the Stock Exchange the Minister wpuld see they had done their best to keep mining free from dishonesty. No business was carried on in so honorable a manner as that manifested in Stock Exchange transactions. Their verbal contracts were carried out honorably. He had had his attention directed to a notice about brokers being licensed. Tho rules of tho Stock Exchange hearing upon this question wore of a very stringent nature, as anyone acting in a dishonorable manner was subjected to suspen sion. They would be pleased to submit the Minister' remarks to the committee of the Stock Exchange, but the -Minister should bear in mind that there was always a danger of over- legislation in mining matters. The mining industry at present was not in a very prosperous condition, and tho placing of limi tations on the public might have a detrimental effcot. He agreed with the opinion that in all companies a fair amount of capital Bhould be paid.up. Mr. G. G. Brown considered that the Minister was moving in the right direction in attempting to bring additional legislation to bear upon this 3nestion There was, however, a great deal of ifficulty in the way of making an act of Parliament elastic enough to carry out the wishes of those who desired to keep mining pure. Ho did not think the Stock Exchange wns favorable to saving what land should be taken up, but lie wns'in favor of more complete and minute prospectuses being issued to the public. Punishment ought also to be -meted out to any person who deliberately issued to tho public a false statement relating to mining properties. Though the Minister would get a largo amount of support from tbem in tho direction of punishing such offenders, he did not think tho public could bo protected against pmblim? in shares. They could also assist tho v 4 Minuter in supporting the proposal that the 5 P®r. oent. of the subscribed capital, which should be paid up before the com pany wore allowed to bs registered, bo applied for purely mining purposes, and not applied to other uses. In soma eases this capital was drawn out of the company's bank ing account as soon as tho company was regis tered. This was very objectionable. Mr. G. S. Griffiths stated that during the last two months the committee bad refused to include several companies on their official list, because tbey were not satisfied that the inten tion of the act had been carried out." . Sir. Outtrim thanked the committeo for their response to his invitation, and for their observations. They had plainly shown him that legislation was necessary-. Whothor they could bring forward a measure that would meet tho enso he wns hardly prepared to say at onco, but ho was willing to do his best, and ho was glad that the committee also seemed willing to help him. Of course the public relied in a very great measuro upon tho Stook Exchange for a daily roport of their business, and the quotation of a stock by the Stook Exchange carried with it a belief that its bond fides were good. He desirod to free the Stock Exchange from a body of men whose operations were objection able in ovcry shapo and form. In his opening remarks he did not refer adversely to members of the Stock Exchange, and lie was. nwnre that they carried out their duties one to tho other in an open and honornblo manner. There wns another section, howover, who did not do so. Any suggestions that the committeo might ohooso to make to him hereafter would reoeivo hiscare- ful attention when considering the Amending Mining Bill which he proposed to introduoo into Parliament during the coming session. He anticipated that in about a month's time ho , would bo able to place the bill in tbo drafts man's hands. The conference then closed. 