Ttrg HOUSE OF. RIMMON. . STORY OF THE "BLACK ĆÓUNTBY" I or SOUTH STAFFOEOSHIEE. C&AFTEB; XH. (CoaitNUM)). Br JEANIE O WYNNE BETTANY, - . Author of «AujrSaboen'b Two LzoaciHE," eto Esai after hour the crowd watched, refusing I Bimmon and Haokbit had been away tensa time,- and had returned again.- About feo'doelf ssoke.was etill issuing from" th oil of tie pit, and the clamour tor relatives I m still going on. Murdoctwith -his com- | uiau continued in consultation, tins Hictbit who addressed him this time. •Jo foa think an effort oan be made now?" btiai ia a voice quite sober. " I shall go j«m vitL the first cage." I i ay of " brave man" was heard in a I fau'G voice, dear and silvery. It sounded I fi; a musical bdl amid all that tumult. Hack- I E'i(;«s wandered round the torchlight crowd I ci ratedon the white face of Keziah, who I ik biding an infant in her arms. It was J te, then; the anguish of others tad drawn Ifr forth. I fc. Eimmon was looking for the owner of I fcvoice, too, but had not caught eight of her, I bibs had hidden-herself immediately. Hack- I gicmctej-e had followed her, however, and II iiilied after her at once. I t 0h1 cousin," he exclaimed, in a reproachful I tr- " why have yon made us all so miser. W' I &5 jiri hung her head. "I only went to J finy own misery," she said gently. "I I jfc'ithinV anybody cared." 1 More very much," responded Hackbit. IŁ typocrite received a gratefol look from the IWyeyea, that had grown bo pathetic since he Ikb&eld; them, and looked larger and darker 1 btie dark circle that now surrounded them, liar pinched her Itttle face had grown! Even [ Iiibit't heart was stirred as he looked at her., "Wliose baby have you got ?" he'asked. - '•1: belongs to that poor -woman down there, 1 I fejkfciKizzy, indicating with her finger. "She I kited, and the baby fell from her arms, and | loiedy offered to pick it up. It would have I tn bulled to death." 1 there nobody the child can be given up | fc? asked Hacthit. "ISon'tknow." "Fedxps the mother will come to," sugptei Hackbit. Mr. Eimmon was seeking his nephew in the nwd, and at last perceived him, and with a mrtiiied shock, for mortified it was, he recog- SKdhis daughter, and went np to her. Si; was safe then; and what a scandal it all łK, Łsr disappearance, and her turning np like His,oo:e like a ghost than a living girl! Still, fee was a spark of tenderness in his voice as Isoid, "Kizzy, my child ! Jł And truly he was ted enough when he saw the change that Mcoxe over her in little more than a week. Ground plump face had grown so pointed in3 meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and fis cart eyes stared out from their hollow KTis, with a dull look of misery in them. "Case home with thy father, child," said Ur. Eunmoa, heartily ashamed of his work, tiscęti never tT»nTnng of undeceiving his fian^stcr. '•to us look for the child's motiier," said {Wji, and the three moved with difficulty "R-TS a spot where the crowd was not fp so thick, except in the centre of it, Jto thae existed a kind o£ nucleus j^T set round one object of interest. It was kd?™ a young girl, who could scarcely K treaty from her looks. One of theuume- J® actors upon the spot were examining her J-tictbit drew near, and he very soon rethat her trouble was over, at any rate; fc vaster "Has this poor girl no relatives—no one who ™atate charge of the baby ?" asked Mr. of the bystanders. . -is has neither kith nor kin, neither has "most master, who lies burnt to a cinder, "Wfcck, at the bottom of the mine." Łlnie t;» m 6. Kizzy," said Mr. again. "I will try and be kind to Jk^Vwith made no objection to her carrying J^jisy passed through Jomley town, the 7?«nis loir public-houses blazed out upon the "Miss, and were dealing out their liquors to Zj? 0 ™ women who had come to drown their CL' 1116 taps, catching the miserable, and ggS Mguish upon them under the -guise of E'ow of tho fomaces lit their path 1 with an unnatural light, making the 5 Old Park, to be traversed ofterm / dark. Hackbit, at all times 6ft. Uie place, disliked it excessively to mX 1 thought grimlv of the uncovered ttnLr™®>d not prevent his offering to carry •u b u t Eizz 7 would not give it up. It „J^Pml warm under her cloak. To Ins a lo łat ta w tone, "Above all, cross 'fefcvi Unnecessary advice,howlo/ Eimmon was not disposed to cross o f fl>e Old Park Hadcbtt left his retraced his steps. Ht Hd^,!?™ in the place of his antipathy, step he took. He hid W Mi "craEs. when a rumbling ifS^P 8 ® 64 through the town, he wai •ttb iSSri 10 ^ ^ on « of the pubUc-houses, titioS^tte temptation. «'Hang ft all," łSie.-.^ ^ let me go into the jaws of death tJJj® is reached the pit's mouth » cage was W^llS^6 " Wait for mllie 1 1 1 l o t ttecage. "Don'tyou H ^ta a °k<)it eaid. "Yon are oght the wrongs." feu. i b ere u never a ay for volun- "^Sa S. 1 " 11 ttB ? OS the cage was W S ^ iw brave men d««Sdea to fe ^T^ed yonag gentleman of some a S S t S V r ' ^ 'ery łride- Jmtkto^™ 1 ^t, -ventured to matii a God. Oh, it'i the jpligue o' parsons is the worst plague the Lord ever Beat us—curse them." These words felfxm the ear o£ an elderly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to he of use to somebody; and he said to the woman •who had spoken, very gently, and with mach bitterness— " We clergy are great blunderers, I fear: bat believe me, we would do better if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night." "Ah! if all th' parsons was like you, we wouldner curse them," replied the woman. There seemed to be something happening at fchopit's mouth now. Thecrowd moved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope flew over the pulley. "Stand back," cried the police. The mouth of the pit was filled by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches -revealed -Hackbit and another, each with a black burdenin his arms. The charred masses they carried were human beings. Blankets were held by the four corners, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggons. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. "The fire's still burning in the north cat ting/' said Hackbit. *.' We daren't go near -there»" The signal was given to lower, and_down_ went these brave men again. -• - - After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, soma thirty bodies, six of which were just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XILL—AtHome Again. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the little orphan baby had reached the diEmal The door was opened by Mrs. Rimmou herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. .She woke the baby, andit began to wail piteoualy. His. Eimmon was not at all surprised to see the baby. She was accustomed to her daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and btrays. It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. When Kizzy had been placed in her father's chair, she smued faintly, and asked that the: baby might be fed. Mra. Rimmou bused her-1 self in: taking off her-daughter's shoes and stodongi; they were eoaking -wet. She tbehi proceeded to put the littie white feet into a hot bath, and Sarah, having fed the biby and placed itiin an^improvised tajssinette, -brought: .some tea for her young mistnss in an incredibly . short time. Kfezy tried to raise her head from the chair, but she could not: so Sarah raised her and rww herthe tea. A kind of fog gathered on the girl's mind, and she seemed to be in a e different place, with different people; yet ahe frequently recurred to the baby, ana asked piteoualy that it might belooked after. "It's fart asleep like a little a&gel.;" said SaTah, " in a clothes basket by the kitchen Hie." > Kizzy doaedher eyes on hearing this,, and remained whits and motionless. "Don't you think we had better Bend for the doctor ?" suggested Mra. Ttimmon in a frightened whisper. We could get no doctor if we sent," replied her husband. " You know they are all busy at the pit. Hadn't I better cany her np tobed?" \- While they were debating this question there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door, fiaxah hurried to it, in no good humour; she was afraid the baby might wake. Standing l>ef ore her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. Saltring, with a red muffler at his neck, rivalling his red whiskers, and behind him crept Jubal. " Good heart alive, gad," said Ur. Saltringto Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask him in," you axe Sarah, aren't you? You addressed your letter all wrong, and it has only come to ns to-night." " Oh, come in, sir," said Sarah, who had now recovered herself; "die's come back tonight, sir, and she looks awfuL" Mr. Saltring presented himself without ceremony before Mr. liimmon, whose breath was nearly taken away by the sudden appearance. These gentlemen had never met before, thongh they knew each other by reputation. " We've posted all the way," said Mr. Saltring; "we only heard to-night of your misfortune." " It was very good of you," responded Mr. Simmon, coldly. -" You see," said . Mr. Saltring, a little quenched by this frigidity, "the poor" boy couldn't rest, so I brought turn." Jubal had kept carefully in the shadow of Ur. Saltring all this time, but at these words he ventured to make himself viable. He instantly caught sight of the deathly face of his sister, and cried, " Oh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Kizzy." Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. " Good heart alive, man," he exclaimed, addressing Mr. Eimmon. "Lord have mercy on ns all for a pack of fools!" While Ur. Eimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Hr. Saltring had unbuttoned his ponderous overcoat and taken out a fiask of brandy, and was applying it to Keziah's lips. " On my soul, I never saw such a lovely creature in my life," he exclaimed. " My daughter's a teetotaller," gasped Mr. Eimmon. " Rubbisl V' said Mr. Saltring, continuing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Saltring said in a coaxing tone, " There, there; tliafs better, pretty dear." Her velvet eyes fastened on him for a moment, and a faint smile flickered on her face and went out. Mr. Saltring was thinking, " How ia it possible such a girl can ever have been born in Jumley ?" Jubal was standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Saltring was in the house. Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got np from his kneeling position, pushed the table out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa toward the fire. Mr. Simmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. "Now, if we had some pillows and blankets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Bimmon; and while she went to fetch them he emptied the coal-bos on the fire. Kizzy was speedily made comfortable on the It must have been nearly 2 o'clock in the morning; but this was not the only household op in Jumley. No one went to bed in explosion times, even of those not concerned; and, as a proof of this, the door next opened to admit the head of SGss Donas Simmon, who, having heard that Kizzy had been found, had come up to verify the fact. "Oh!" she observed, in a spiteful tone, didn't know there was company;" and she was about to bounce back again, when Mr. Saltring said— "My name is Samuel Saltring; jou may have heard of me. You must be a from the family likeness." "YeSj Iam Miss Bimmon," that lady acknowledged; and she looked over the hack of the sofa!" " So she's co*"« back ia ahe. the ungratefifl little wretch." . „ .„ Mr. Bimmon touched his meter gently with his foot, to warn her to be silent. "No, Joshua. I won't be qniet," said Miss Dorcas, defiantly. "You've no need to kick me. I shall say what I like." . "Then I would say it in a quieter tone, u were yon, considering all; things," put in Six. Saltring. . " If s nothing to do with you," rejoined Misa Dorcas, narrowing her eyes as she looked at '""I'llgive yons.bit of advice," retorted the bluff wine-merchant: "If you'd keep better tempered you'd be better looting." "Please remember you are not in yourown Loose," Mr. Bimmon remarked to Mr. Salt- ^Now, look here," eaid the honest fellow, kindliness shining in bis face, "yon don t want tote told I mean węŁ Let- «Jbe agreeable, Think of the dear child lying there. Miss Dorcas tossed her heso. "You will let me stay and help you unrse to to-night^ said Mł &tong; , .to Jfa. BgmmonT^ł know a lot about nursing «ck {jJVII- The next to appear ^tłmaoene was moinas Haćkbitżwho Ład bythisfimeMfreshed Shun, tardto- looki»ber,but'Ju8 At the sound of Ur. Bimmon's voice Hackbit began again. " He'sh an old fool, too. He drove Keziah away> forged letters, made her b'lieve " "For God's sake, hnsh!" burst forth Ur. Bimmon. "Now ha'ah ah wearing," said Hackbit, smiling benignly. "He'sh-goodman, ha ash; prayer-meehngsh, - Bible-claashes. He -getah drunk and shplits things, he ploesh." Dorcas here gave him a friendly poke. "What ars you doing?" he began, turning on her. "You've left your 'prentiah out waiting for you. I metsh her. I kished her." This was too much'for Miss Dorcas, who explained that she had brought Miss Timmins up with her for company, ana had not thought it worth while to ask her in, as she was only come for a minute. " Leave her there bitsh longer," said Hackbit, cocking his hat on the back of his head. " l'ou go home yourshelf. Nobody wantsh kish you." Mr. Hackbit next announced his intention of spending the. remainder of .the night at his uncle's, and had of necessity to be accommodated. But none of those episodes disturbed Kizzy, who was in a sound deep. The slow winter morning broke, and stale feebly -over the objects in the room where Kizzy lay, thedeap eQky fringes of her eyes resting on Jthe pallid, cheeks. The .weary, molhec had fallen asleep, too; and Ur. Saltring sat near the couch, with his head drooping on his chest tQl his bold head, rather than his face, looked towards Kizzy; but he was not asleep^ When at last Sarah made her appearance* Kizzy opened her with a frightened look, and sighed deeply. Saltring was beside her m a moment. Come, we are better," he said cheerfully. Four hoars sleep at. a stretch. Now, Sarah, my lass, an egg beaten np in milk, please." He gave it to tnegirl with all the gentleness of a woman, and authe tact, and was rewarded br a pathetic smile. This over, he asked Sarah' if hemi^ht'have a wash. She looked somewhat uneasy. " Well sir," she said," lb. Hackbit have got the spare room, and Master Jubal, he wouldn't deep with his father, and Miss Dorcas wouldn't go home, neither, after what Ur. Hackbit said, and she and Miss fimmins are in Mise Kizzy's room " "Oh, ill right," said Mr. Saltring, "I'llgo into Jubal's room." But when he tried the door he found it locked, and after knocking -several times and receiving no answer, he concluded that he would go to the ropm Hackbit occupied^ and not disturb the poorlad, "I needn't wake Ur. Hackbit," he said. The door proved not to be locked; and, softly entering, he beheld Hackbit in a profound sleep, with his thrown over the bade of his head. He had evidently felt cold, for lie had taken down the bed-curtains and put them across the bed; also, the hearth-rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcely help laughing.. JTackbit's own.gar-" ments-that is, some ot them—lay on the floor, close to the door. His boots, however, could seen nowhere at first. On looking mora closely, they were discovered poking oat at the foot of the bed,- on the ownerts feet. Ur. Saltring poured' out some water very quietly, but he disturbed the sleeper neverthe- less, and a faint voice from the bed said, What's that?" Ur. Saltring made an apology for his intrusion. " Don't mention it," said Hackbit, holding his head tightly betwen his hands; "but I haven't thepleasure of knowing you, have IV " No," replied Ur. Saltring ; and he then explained himself. "I'm afraid I must have been drunk last night," said Hackbit. " She didn't Bee me, did she?—Kizzy, I mean." "She was too OL" " Thank Heaven for that, at any rote. I'm fool to drink. Nobody knows it better than I do. I should leave it off if I'd a wife and a comfortable home," My dear sir," rejoined Ur. Saltring im jresaively, "a man mould conquer his faults jeforehis marriage, and not subject a good woman to the chance of his experiment falling afterwards." " Yes, you are right. But it's very hard to give np one's only comfort, and nothing tore* plaoe it." Don't be in bondage. Hake np your mind never to taste another drop.'* Ana now, having completed his toilet,, Mr. Saltring hastened 1 down to łris patient. Ur. Rimmon 'h&d; come down by this time. Kizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring had gladdened at his approach.' "She'e looking ' wtter, isn't she?",he observed to Mr. Bimmon. ~ A changeof air would be the very thing for hex. Let me take her to Langton with me today, and we will return her to vou in perfect health, God permitting.". Ur. Bimmon found it desirable to accept this offer for many reasons. He was very glad when he discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go bade with him, too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was too great for her to exjress a choice at all. They might do what they iked with her, she said, so long as the bsiby was looked after: " The baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. There are nurses enough at our house, I guess; and if anybody lays claim to it, they can easpy have it." When they had all started in the phaeton, Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. Beredith of what had occurred. She could not Bay -where Kizzy had been, however, during her absence, as sue had preserved a strict silence on that point, and Mr. Saltring would not have her questioned. CHAP TEE XTT.—MATJD Haewts. Maud Harwyn, though a young lady of considerable personal attractions, and therefore especially exposed to criticism, inhabited a house on her own reponsibility at Bowdon, near .Manchester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two female servants, except when her brother Gerald was at home from Birmingham. Many of ber friends thought this highly improper ; but it was one of Maud's characteristics not to bow to Urs. Grundy. Her schoolmaster brother did not disapprove of her, however; and her father most have trusted her, for he ilased her under no guardian, thongh he left _Ler a laxge fortune. The reader has already Been that Lawyer Layton and his wife were strong adherents of Miss Harwyn. They had, nevertheless, urged upon her the desirability of engaging an elderly companion to live with her; but she was not open to reason. About a week after the events recorded in the last chapter she waB sailed sipping her tea, in a perfect bower of a sittingroom, quite alone, with an air of complacency and thorough independence that men would scarcely give solitary women credit for. She was loolanp caressingly upon her pretty feet, placed upon the fender. Th _ney were cased ' in "—* slippers of ' the gayest —'' and — J daintiest. She made do secret of the fact that it was of grave importance to her to be well dressed. She-wished to be beautiful, and she thought it was for hfirself alone that she wished it. ; . Her house, planned by herself , was like no other. One could not see it without thoughts of harmony, anil sunshine, and warm summer , The girl'was on artist, though a certain imce bom of weath had kept her talent in thedaijc. Her home, as muchtas the pictures in her studio, spofce of Her studio opened into the diningroam on one aide and the drawingroom JSthje oQier. The - htudio was also a music-iobm, and, in addition to a piano, contained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. - On two or fluee easels stood unfinished canvases. The xoom itself was pahelteL and every panel contained a painting, Maufl'e own wort. Near a low couch .was a circular bookcase oń wheels, of her own desgmng. By the easieet motion it would tum round when she wished to chnnge volume. ' . : • This was essentially a gay room, but, as a ^atmst, her diningroom was grim and sombre. She had travelled all over Europe in search of weird piatures for this room ; .andevery«vening when she dined alone there she had the jartment lit 1>y wax candles enough to have inminatea a ballroom. „ „ "While she -was drinking ner tea on nie afternoon referred to, Maud's housemaid brought to her a message from the next villa, TheChestnntB. Miss Harwyn was begged "to TOme in there, as an old lady ivaa seriously fll, and-tiie genQeman did not Jike to'.leave- lier without somebody besides his servants, while he rode to Manchester to fetch a doctor. Hand went without a nent'u hesitation, andaneat servant mom. The Iibnse was emaller than Maud's, anddiffered iromitmevOTjmy,i^itŁad old- fashioned Hir.andnioertain stiftne™ stiffness and dolus about it. T^hearo^ahe łras shown vmoa. A "Why, of course," said I^sud, not in the least understanding. ' IŁe old lady glanced towards the foot of the bed, and observing a large fire, said in alarm, " Take some of the coal off, my dear; your father will be so angry." Maud now became oertain that tlie old lady was wandering, and determined- to .pacify her to the utmost, so actually removed a litfle of the coal, and the old lady rambled on t _ *' Jubal'* a lug boy. ' Hetl'disagree with his father soon." "How odd!" thought Maud. «I really believed there was hut one Jubal in the world, and now here's another;" and her mind want back to Łangton, and to her brother's pupil who was visiting at the Saltrings*. "She began to bathe the old lady's head with eau de Cologne, which she had thoughtfully put into her pocket. The old lady wont to deep under the influence of this, -and Maud sat down to. wait for the unknown master 1 of the house to relieve her vigil. She knew him lv sight, but waB unacquainted with his name. It was late before he returned. On entering the bedroom he gravely held oat Us band to, his neighbour, ana began to thank her for her' great kindness. . she said, with a frankemils. Hien dmadd^d, " But I don't know your name." " My name is Dand Bimmon. 1 * " Then, Mr.TQmmon, can I be of any farther use to you'("'.. ,' , " I have troubled you too much already,", •aid David. " The room is scented like a bower; I am sure that ia your doing. But, if I might ask you one thing more, would jrou wait till the doctor'has seen mother? You would understand his directions better than I could, and explain them to my housekeeper." " But would she like my interfering I" said Maud with some hesitation. Well," replied David nervously, " she's rather deaf, and has a way of pretending to hear when she doesłft, to hide it. And I think you would make her understand." Maud consented at once, and David went down stairs to briną up the doctor. That gentleman meanwhile nad been growing very impatient. He had examined minutely^ every print in the room, and had fallen out with the roses on the wall-paper, had sat down on each fWr in succession to try their relative comfort, and had finally stationed himself with his back to the fire, his eye fixed on the staircase, visible through the open door, his ear turned slightly upwards, to catch any sound from above. Ur. Btmmon'had kept him longer than he had intended, having been very slow in the delivery of iris remarks toMaud; and after leaving her, he had stood several momenta-on the dark landing,meditating The doctor did not meet him cordially. He had net even been appeased by a glass of wine. This had been entirely an oversight on Mr. Bimmon's part, but the doctor felt it nevertheless. He could only show it in one way. It was by increased gravity and severity of demeanour. He also waited for Mł Bimmon to begin, which was always difficult foe D4vi<L The two- lookfed at eacn other in silence for some seconds, when the doctor, in his im-* tience, by the sudden raising of his boot, locked the fire-irons down, causing agrest noise. Hćtumed very-red'at the accident, ana' solemnly replaced the fire-irons; then, thoroughly out of temper, faced Ur. Bimmon, and observed frigidly— " I can't conceive why people put fire-irons on those eminences. Everybody is certain to knock them t.own." Mr Bimmon meekly replied that they were awkward, and asked the doctor in a most conciliatory tone if he would mind stepping up stairs. MindF" rejoined the doctor irritably. " It's my business, I suppose." Mx. Bimmon led the way, wondering what could be the cause of the doctor's snap— Ł We are not going to represent Mrs. Bimmon as an interesting patient, nor that she excited strong sympathy in Maud Harwyn. This wodd's sufferers are frequently uninteresting to a stranger; their aspect is often forbidding; and though their condition is compassionated, they can find sympathy for themselves, alas too often, only with God. * * * * Uinflsnm'a visit to David Bimmon was by no means her last; for as the days wore on, it became a constant thing for theneigrhhours to see her entering his house; and Maud was not better thought of in consequence.- It was another strange proceeding of this very strange young lady ; and to be^ strange is quite reason enough for a girl's bong placed outside the charmed circle of good and discreet socie' " Some writer has said that " one can only strange by being wise .and good;"and Miaa Harwyn's neighbours, to whom, she was ministering, certainly did not think her strange, unless in this sense. —^ - — •• Mrs." Bimmon had 'recovered remarkably under her'ministration, and 'had learned to listen impatiently for her visitor's footstep. She was soon able to sit up, and her chair was placed near the window, in view of the large garden, where, winter though it was, an air of cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good year for holly berries, and the old lady's eyes were gladdened by the sight of them, and by the congregations of robins and sparrows feasting unmolested. Sometimes Mrs. Bimmon would sit silent for a long time together, looking out of this window; but if Maud offered to go, she would become querulous at once. One afternoon they were sitting together thus, when Mrs. Ki jiir.cm suddenly began comparing her present outlock with the i Old Park at Jumley; and though her account n was such that Maud understood very little of v it, thfi nevertheless listened patiently. Thus c encouraged, this desolate creature opened her o heart more and more; bnt Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had begun to talk freely with t her. He had gone so far as to tell her mapnp something of his niece and her sad story, omitting mention of hiB brother, however, for on this point he was very sensitive. As a boy, his elder brother had been upright in all his dealings, severe always, yet not more so with others than with himself; and David hid grown up with a reverence for this brother, whom he felt to be beyond the comprehension of his feebler brain. And now that deep down and hidden away in his heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his consciousness as he could put it. It is to be questioned whether he had even thought this in words. Some lingering, vague comfort he stored up, as do mousands of other hearts in like tronible—the vague and lingering hope that there might be some mistake, some extenuating circumstance not brought to light. And why deny these hearts their feeble and sad solace David had not seen Maud for more than a few minutes at a time, except on Saturday afternoons, when he returned early from business; yet these fleeting moments had in a short week gio;rn inexpressibly dear to him. Maud, perceiving that lie cued to talk to her, humoured his fanty, and gs.ve him opportunities of seeing her, and brightened her own life by this kindness to another. If she could have foreseen the future, how she would have withheld this sweet cop from his lips! Kizzy's story had been related to her in fragments. and at several different, times; and Miss Harwyn, enthuiiuLstic and compassionate, had told David that when his mother should be well enough to spare" her, she would £0 to her friends at Langton-for' a day or two and endeavour to make Kizzy's acquaintance. Her farther intention was to bring the youl ^ to Bowden to stayijdth her, if they got on,' together. ' .". In about a month from the time of Kizzy's going to the Saltrings'/ Maud set' out' for Langton. and her.-heart was singing, for she thought here was * Justifiable opportunity of once more .meeting Tom Towers. She was also " "" " . spirits at the prospecł of finding a ęW <t luxury all her money had not bought her. " ' '••'•' When the evening, of the day of Maud's departure had come; "sand her bright face had never once penetrated the old-fashioned parlour of her neighbour's house, the heart of David Bimmon feU within him. The light of his life seemed to have died, and his spirit, slow always, -was for once startled into' a vivid life, and into the acknowledgment that this fair creature was more to him than anything else in the world. Although this truth had penetrated his «onsdODEnssś, it etQl suggested, ns consequences. : It was a angle absorbing thought of adoration, unminglBd with desire. CHAPTER XY.—A STSiKOBPaoptmL. Kizzy speedily became quite at homein her new sunroundings, andjttiongh a tófle pale,ahe looked iniuŁsia» her oia*af. There was one staking difference, however; she never laughed Tte Saltrings, Jiot having-known her. *" '—'•* -•---- v T,did not rcolve that,' though" she had been bitterly S eyaratwd from her lover, it should not wreck | iff life. Although hartweet drlsam h'ad been Una .harshly'dispelled, there still remained to her the happy post, and the power of praying ftr him, and above all there rose up for her consola'-ion the thought that in another world they might meat again, his crime washed away. The »r girl literally lived in this thought. Her father had been to. Langton to see ber, ani she had treated him with much gentle affection. If her.heart made excuses for one man who had sinned, ought it not also do the sane for her fslier ? One other trouble had come upon Keziah. Mn. Beredith was angiy with her. She reproached her for not- making her house her hone in her affliction. But this -was not so math the cause of her anger. It was that gfirfah evidently believed 'L Rupert'b guilt. Thii.lady, who could have staked her life on KuzyV fidelity, now tounit her resigned to a sepi^ttian, ana resolved to return so more to Leamington. Alas, ^oar Kizzy! No one knew what a proof lh» hM in her possession of her lover's guilt. Wbetłrtifiegotoff or not, the fact remained the samel " to see her, as Mils Harwyn expressed sacb an earnest desire to make her acquaintance. KizzV wasupstairs, jn a sittu&ioom; devoted to her taring Her illness, and was engaged njx>n -some Atnkftr His. Salbug. As Mrs. Saltring held t'jsdw open for Miss Harwyn to pass in, Kizzy mentally contrasted the two — Mra! Saltring, round, plump, and small, with house and buy stamped upon her face, though in a pleasing way; Miss Harwyn, tall and majestic, with an air of freedom in her whole attitude which. seemed to belong to some wild bird sojourning a moment among .men, with the consciousness that -presently the grand - wings' can carry him far away to hiB native haunts. Kizzy did not think this in so many words, but the words describe tha impression made on her The two friri* shook hands frankly, and Mand seated herself nearKeaah; and Mm. Saltring, on the plea of some household duty, went away. She had more than once found Miss Harwyn too much for her. When the door had dosed behind her, Maud, as if attracted by a magnet, passed her arm round Kizzy's slender waist, and gently kissed her. Baying with a rich smile— "Whom do yoa think I saw a'few days ago?" "I can have -no idea, responded Keziah wearily. *' It waa^youŁuncle David asd your grand- Where did you see them ?" In their own house. They are my neighbours." ** Oh, do tell me about them," said Kizzy, a rich glow passing over her features. "What a compte^on!" thought Maud. Whoever could paint it?" Then Maud in the [rttiesfc£3aca(ya$ls 'way explained bow they s^bwonie'aaqilhinted, and spoke nothing of her OlHi kindness, but very much in praise of David's kindheartedneas. "And do you know," said Maud,'' when your uncle talked about you, A thought 4o myself 'here is ^another giii as lonely as I am. Why should'nt we be together?'" "Bat yoa don't know anything about me," izzy replied, shaking her head doubtfully. " Weu," said Maud, " people call me impulsive. I never give ideas time to develop. I act on them straight away; and if ever I regret, I just bear the thing alone, and don't trouble 0 tier people with my regrets. I have a great longing to have you with me, partly because I you are very little like me; and, forgive me for saying it—you may believe me, because 1 am a woman speaking to a woman—-you are so beautiful, you would be a continual feast to my eyes." The rich colour mounted to Kizzy's pale cheek again at this frank compliment, and then the tears gathered in her- eyes, and she said despairingly: "Th&t; seems to be of no consequence to me now." Maud was infinitely touched, and she kissed away the tears in a sweet, frank way all her own. " I won't take no. You must come and live with me," she said. "I fell in love with you by hearsay first, but the sight of you—well, I-wonder you've not been earned off like the gnis in romances. "Dea^MissHarwyn,"; i, "it'svery good of you; _ bnt I fought . „ to I von how I am placed. 'Ididinotgetii very well With-Jatherat home, and I got myself a situation; but uncle told yon this. I ' ( cannot go back ome* and I cannot fto back to that situation. I have been ill, and I have been here I don't know how many weeks. It is quite time I went away now. If it were not for this I would have stayed with you a little time, you speak so -kindly; -and-1 never saw any-one I liked so much." " Of cotirse, I have not made myself under stood,' Maud broke out. " I rarely do when I want to most. I understood perfectly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants me to have some cross old fogey for a companion; but I've always obstinately refused. I want some one young, to enter into my schemes, and enjoy life with me; but mammas arc so strict, now- a-days, they would'nt think of lettingtheir daughters come to me: for, do you know, I live alloy myself in a house." Keziah looked startled. " That is, with two servants—one old enough to be my mother. But you seem to be able to pleaseyourself, so if youcame tome nobody would nterfere with you, and you would have relatives ext • door. The only thing I stipulate for, if ou accept my offer, "and you 6hall—yon most ertainly shall—is that there shall be no question f money between us." Kizzy was about to interrupt. " Don't interrupt me," said Maud. " I want explain my plan. Or. the first day of every I get a certain sum from my bankers; I am so stupidly rich, you know. I keep two purses—one for housekeeping, the other for my nondescript expenditure." I shall keep another purse now for you, and put in it as much as I put in the last for myself; and I am so extravagant, I am sure you will find it enough." She was much surprised that Kizzy did not close with this at once. She answered the look of the girl rather than any words. " That is very unkind of you," Maud exclaimed. " Why should you not come to me as well as to anyone else f' " You don't understand me," replied Kizzy. Your plan is like my "being dependent upon yon. I cannot be that. If I come to you. I must come for a small salary such aslam worth. I cannot receive benefit from you which would dose my mouth and take away my freedom." And here a proud look came into the fine lace, yet calm ana gentle, which somewhat abashed her companion. The tears welled up into Maud's eyea. " rcan't expect you to know me in one meeting," she said. "Thatis true," replied Kizzy, with gentle dignity. " It is true for both of ns. Had you known me, you could not have made me such a proposal. 7 ' " And had you known me," rejoined Mana, "I think you would have accepted it." Kizzy gently shook her head. "We cannot begin," ahe said, " where we have only a faint chance of ending. Your plan should be -the result of- years of testing, and of coming together.-tooło speak. To try to begin so would be to kill every possibility. You are all iindnesB, I see it in your face. Yet yon-want to clip my wings, you who canj»o everywhere and do everything;' -You like to spend your pounds, feeling -thej^ are your own. Leave me to spend my pence feeling they are my own." "Yoa despise my plan," replied Maud; " but youis is ridiculous. If we're to go on for years, laying trajis for each other, and keeping np the very widest and strongest distinction of mevm and tuum, where would it all end? We should never trust each other at alL" "You forget," restwnded Kizzy, gravely, that your proposal demands exorbitant trnst on my part, and leaves you still free." \- "At any rate," went on Maud, growing desperate, "who knows where we shall be before years enough pass to try your way You will be marrying and going away , from ie_" - Therewas something like ecorn ir face as she said, still with calmness, think I am likely to marry, Miss Harwyn, - I -was on the point of it once, and it all onus there." ' Tour uncle told me about your trouble," •aid Maud, compassionately. "Uncle didn't know mach," replied Kizzy, dreamily. "Nobody, knows -much but myself.*'.. ' " 'Bnt nothing is proved gainst your:loyer yet,'-Kizzy," said Maud, csJlinc her *by her Christian name for'the first timfe. " Kizzy put her hands outbefore her As, if to ^rjsrd off B bloW, and said in a vbioe ; much like a try." Do not speak o£ it, Jyou cannot łmderińndjt. I have never told anybody " " '" -a^'^lSi'irSreiit -aw^.C.TlSii't,- where-t went. "I hoped I Should - die.. _ in a, deserted house, where ihere .were rumblings undemwdh ~ wanted it to fsllin onmeand Wiry me forever. Houses often fsdl about there; aiidthere was should she, nnless she had known of the forged letter? "I know about the baby, "Mand said. "We will have the baby with us. You shall come to me on what terms you like, if you will only come. You shall be my model, my guide: you ehall save me from my Belfish self. It's a revelation - to see one so high-souled and so bsautif nl at once. Kow, say, when can you be' ready to come to me r" j 'f I must go ,. home for a few days," said : Tw»Tinh. irIi «* j have ba.vA not seen mother since I was ill* And please, Miss Harwyn, don't talk to me as you have done just now. Indeed, you dont know my heart. What you talk of is only what I want to be, not what I am." 4 1 Well, well, you can't change my opinions," replied Maud. "But won't you show me the ou rescued?" adly,"said Keziah, and the two girls went together to the nursery. On her way home to the LaytonB', Maud^was so preoccupied about Keziah that she twice failed to recognise people she knew perfectly well. One of these sharply reined up nis horse, and dismounting, gravely held out his hand ana said: "This is not kind of you, MissHiuwyn, to torture me with the sight of you, when we can never be anything to each other, never." Am I never to come near my friends, Mi'. Towers, because von take a foolish fancy into your head?" said Maud, her indignation rising against "I-thought you would understand, Miss Harwyn, that I am bound hand and foot, that I can marry nobody, much leas you." "Do you think you could marry me if you liked r" rejoined Maud, hot and angry. "You talk as if I were only waiting for you to ask me to accept you. Ah, Mr. Towers, had you been a man of money and position, you would not have found me so lenient as I have ehown myself." "Thatis only your way of upbraiding me for not being a man of money and position," retorted Towera with equal bitterness. "HI wanted to upbraid you," replied Maud, " I would not go round about. I do upbraid you for not working better, and getting your qualification." " How can outsiders judge of one's situation ? You are very unjust to me." " I dare say I think better of you than yon deserve." Towers coloured. " To hear you talk, one would think you hated me," he said. " I have a very real contempt for a man who: at thirty veaa of age, settles down without a qualification he has been trying after all his nfe." " Your words are very cruel, more cruel than you tHnk." said the doctor, mounting his none and riding rapidly away. TOEE003TC2TU5D. 