PUBLIC OPINION. THE BOURKE ELECTION, fro rim RDiion or ills " ausiiuliah sun.") oir, — Tho result of tne Bourkc election must be decided gall and wormwood " to the howling dervishes and falso prophets who, on tho platform and in tho press, lose no ODDortunitv to discredit the nttnlin -of protection and check its assured advance. To the fiscal bigots— in Parliament and on the press— tho viotory nt Bourke conveys more than ono moral. Now that the gauntlet bus beSh fairly laid at tho feet of tho foreign-trado idolaters, it is amusing to note tho medley admixture of bombast and cowardice with which thoy endeavor to wriggle away from tho impending issue. In the first place they repeat their haokneyod boast that tho country is deep-rooted in its devotion to free-trade, and almost in the same breath they try to beat a retreat by insisting that tho masses are opposed to any present conflict concerning the future fiscul policy of the nation. It is in dissipation of this doublo-barrolicd delusion that the recent Bourke election strikes homo with fell significance. Tho country has just been afforded an opportunity to express an opinion upon the proposed fiscal changes, and— much to tho manifest chagrin of the Pnlsfords, tho Kcids, and the \Vises, and still moro to tho discomfiture of your -hy sterical morning contemporary — tho electors have emphatically, expressed their opinion in favor of the candidate supporting tho Government proposals, and against the can didate who repeated tile parrot-like propo sition to "sink the fiscal issue." Mr. Waddell wns defeated at the general elec tion because tho laboring classes in the Bourke electorate wera of opinion that his sympathies wore more with capital than labor. Personally and politically he was the same Mr. Waddell last week, but the prominent, change in' his chances ' was brought about by tho fact that Bince tho general election the eyes of the electors have Deen sadly opened and their intelligences rudely awakened. The working classes proved their numerical preponderance at the provious contest at Bourke by pitch forking Mr. Langwell high up at the top of tho poll ; they could havo done the same' for his co- worker, Mr. M'Donell. That they abstained from doing so, nnd that thoy withdrew 50 percent, of their united support from him and his cause, shows pretty plainly that they are convinced that the first factor in democratic reform must be the demolition of the importing ring, and the consequential cucouragement to the estab lishment and maintenance of colonial indus tries. The cuckoo-cry of "Ono man one vote" has about played itself out as a battle- cry with which tb appease men hungering for employment. As a by-piece of electoral reform it is undeniably just, butas 'a solvent of industrial injustice it is " a mockery, a delusion and a snare." The masses are awakening to the fact that they require to be fed with substantial food, and not with political provender ; that to increase their voting power may bo beneficial in its way, but empty in its bald results. In theory it is beautiful ; in practical operation it be comes baneful, through being mado a slippery device with which to bar the progress of . propositions which promise employment' as well as votes. Hence the multitude of morals which the victory at Bourke accentuates and attests. It teaches not only that tho proposed protectionist tariff is popular at the polls, but that tho fiscal question is the very last consideration which ought to be sunk by those who desire neither bare backs nor empty bellies, and who rely for their food and clothing upon tho multiplicity and diversity of industrial avenues indigenous to a nascent nation. If tho labor party are wite they will open their eyes to "read, mark, learn and inwardly digest" the perspicuous "hand writing on tho wall'f thoy will halt to chew the admonition conveyed by the intel ligence that their nominee, having sunk the fiscal question, has been sank himself at the polls. The inglorious reversal of tho ver dict at the general election is an anti climax that they have well and duly merited. Through their own desire to slink by the essentiul item of 'htbbr reform— employment for tho many by judicious legislative enforcement of home industries— tliey have seen tho ascent of the rocket ingloriously burlesqued by the descent of the stick. Like political "Baldwin engines," they found themselves unable to ,run their logltitrihto 'course unless the Parlia mentary platform was narrowed tosuit them; and now they are "shunted." Tlie parade ut Bourke of unionist nttisans, marching in concert to the polls to voto for the protec tionist candidate, as against the fiscal-sinker, shadow-grasper from their own ranks, is a stab in the vitals tb those- " damned neuters in the middle way of steering," who aro so ambiguously apt tb fly after politico-philosophic spectres, and leavo the most substantial labor reform to bo airily, studiously, and cavalierly drowned out.of the surface of practical polities. In conclusion, let me point out that if the present Government fail to pass their pro posals an appeal to tho country is unavoid able. Whether tho Premier has or has not a conditional promise of a dissolution matters not ; for, if the House is anything like equally divided upon so critical a ques tion, the tenants of the Treasury benches have a constitutional right to demand an appeal to the people. Such a right, auxiliary as it is to the very first principles of party government, no Governor would dream of ignoring, least of all a Governor with the shrewd common-sense faculties with which Earl Jersoy is credited. Probably no such appeal will bo needed ; but if it is, tho Reids and Pulsfords will go into discomfiture, Parkes and his ill-revived Kiama ghost into oblivion, and your semi-fanatical morning contemporary into such convulsions as will throw it once moro off ith barometrical ballast. — I am, &o.;, EX M.L.A. Sydney, December 7, 1801. 