Viscount Sherbrooke. TKE following sketch hy Mr. H. W. LuuY, in tho S. Jf. Herald, will ho interesting to those who know tho subject of it in the Sir GEOHO K Girrs' days: tho Knut eli bull trial and tho strugglo days for thc freedom whioh wo now are supposed to enjoy in Now South Wales. Tío sat in tho old Legislative Council with WENTWonni, BLAND and others before tho "new constitution" era. Ho left tho colony ta visit the groat Exhibition in 1S51, but novar returned. Ho speedily made his mark, Bon LOWE being a familiar namo in English society, ho having takou high houors at Oxford pravious to emigrating to this colony, Mr. Lowe was always remarkable in appearance, Being an Albino, ho was near sighted, and at all timos received tho studious and careful attention of his wife, who, from youth to age, has continued har exemplary Courso of watching and guiding hor husband's every footstep. Without that wife, Robert Lowe would never havo boen Lord Sherbrooke There is some- thing pathetic to read of tho old man, with his aged partner aver at his side, as was hor wont in Sydney two aud forty years ago. "As for Mr. Lowe, ho, disguised under tho title Viscount Sherbrooke, still haunts familiar scenes, a sad and pitiful ghost of tho Veau xabreur who onco hold the House of Commons entranced, and shook strong ministries with his stormy speech. Ho is still to bo soon in tho ilouso of Lords, and through tho London season his wife occasionally takes him out to evouing parties, whore his tall figure, now groviously bowed, his white hair woefully scanty, and his furrowed face bearing many tokens of that struggle against stupidity against whioh, as Schiller said, tho very gods fight unvictorious, attract attention, Thu younger generation ask who he is, and tho answer "Lord Sherbrooke" sounds un- meaning in thoir cars. For his own fame ho ought to have died 20 years ago. But since that was not to ba in thc ordinary acceptance of tho term, it is well that Robert Lowe should have disappeared from tho roll of X'arliamentrry namos, and that tho worn-out old Commoner should havo put on tho mask of the brand-new Visoount. Since ho went to tho House of Lords, Sherbrooke has never taken part io debate. Uo is not often there, but makes a point of being present at any important debate, and is careful to take part iu divisions where Lord Sherbrooke can record his voto against tho princi- ples and tho party of which .Robert Lowe was onco a champion and an ornamout. Intellectual vision and physical eyesight are alike sadly blurred. Ho cannot bo trusted to Sud his way about the benches of tho House of Lords, and so he sits in tho sida gallery facing his ancient enemy Lord Salisbury, with his faithful wife at his Bide. When thc division bell rings she loads him forth, guidos liim to tho entrance ta tho division lobby, where soino friendly peer takos charge of him and accompanies him through the lobby. Watching him as he feebly passos through the throng of noble lords going out to flout tho wiabes of tho people, as expressed in some bill that has come over from the Commons, ono thinks of Samson in the templa at Gaza : "And Samson said unto the lad that held him by tho hand, " Suffer mo that I may feel tho pillars whereupon the house resteth and that I may lean upon them.'" Unliko Samson, Lord Sherbrooke had no covert design to pull anything down. Ho is now for leaving every- thing as it is, aud the man who in tho pride of his strength used to lash the Tories with scorpions, is now counted amongst tho most docile units of their party."_ ' Printed and published by GEOBQE HKNBY VARLEY sole proprietor at the CLABBNOE and RICHMOND EXAMINES Machine Prlnttn? Offic8,Prlnoo-itrect Gratton.' 