^romment Copies. AFFECTED INDIGNATION, OUE good friends the Freemftsons area little indignant again. Perhaps there is a trifle of affectation about their indignation. Such a feeling is common with men not quite " safe " in their conviction of the strength of their cause when viewed from a moral and not a Masonic point of view. The latest objection of the Freemasons is to the condemnation of their Order in Dr. Crane's Lenten Pastoral, and yet they may rest assured that the reverend prelate knows very well what he is talking about and does not censure unadvisably. To Masonry, as its tenets are held and practised by Englishmen, there may be, possibly, email objections from either a constitutional or a moral point of view, but even that branch of the Order which is supposed to exist in nearly every portion of the globe is not excepted from the condemnation pronounced by the Church, and the " part" naturally incurs the censure which is passed upon the whole. Indeed, it is only reasonable to infer that Dr. Crane did not, in his pastoral, refer to any branch of the Order in particular, and it is mere affectation to imagine otherwise. His voice, strongly raised on this occasion, is to be accepted as a decision of the Church, and if an association may be judged from the opinions professedly and openly—not to say Notoriously—held by & majority of its members, it is self-evident that Masonry is a deadly foe of the most dangerous description .to the Holy Catholic Church. The history of the last hundred years has taught as this. At the present moment, on the continent of Europe, the strongest energies of Masonry are directed against the Chnrch of Christ. The pernicious doctrines fulminated by the Order towards the close of the last century are prevalent now, not ably in France and Italy; and, even in Australia, there are lodges where hostility to the Vicar of Christ is in no way concealed. On the broad grounds of. our faith his Lordship was right in his denunciation, and it is even questionable whether here in Australia some grounds have not recently arisen giving cause for a special expression of opinion, and even for a decision of the Church on the subject. With a sense of shame we regret to say that a suggestion has recently been made for the establishment of a branch of the Orient Lodge of France, which means nothing else than the encouragement of an organisation for the propagation of the deadly doctrines of infidelity and anarchism. So mote it not be. BT a slight cause THE QUEEN IN A her Majesty may be MELTING MOOD, thrown into a melting mood. For years after the death of Albert the Good she nursed her grief as her only consolation, and refused to be otherwise comforted. Years have somewhat weaned the gracious lady from that indulgence in vain sorrow, but .her heart is still very susceptible to a tale of distress—as when she hears of the birth of triplets iu some poor family, or that famine once again threatened to decimate the population of Ireland. Her sorrow, gauged by. her gifts in these cases, shows how profoundly she is moved by the woes or wants of others, and at what pergonal sacrifices she is ever ready to help suffering humanity. Her Majesty's nervous system could never have been very strong; or if it was naturally so, the crosses of life, from which the palace affords no better protection than the cottage, must have early in life debilitated the royal constitution, for the traces of hysteria in " Leaves from my Diary " are the features of that production which, attracted most attention. The nerves of male or female are not braced tip by age, and both science and art, separately or in combination, have failed to discover any adequate remedy for nature's decay in this respect, What one or both could do for the aged Sovereign has of course been done, but not with much success, as would seem from the following paragraph :— I hear a pretty Btory (says a home correspondent) which has the advantage "g being true. A lady who last season for the firsttime made her appearance in certain London drawing-rooms, and established great eucoess as a ballad singer, was last August " commanded " to accompany some neighbours^/ the Queen on a visit to Balmoral. She Bang several Sootch ballads, which greatly pleased the Queen. Then die sang "Itae Wearing of the Green," and as the words and air of that beautiful song rose and fell eveiyone noticed with wonder that her Majesty was weeping. What this may portend I do not know. I tell the story as it was told me by one of the guests at Balmoral during the Queen's autumn stay. There was an indiscretion in the selection of a song the burden of which is " the hanging df men and women for the wearing of the green," and it is no wonder that her Majesty could not contemplate unmoved the picture thus presented. But in her emotion what feeling was uppermost P With the ghosts of murderers, who to the mind's eye were made to walk in the black historical page opened out in the national ballad, she could not disclaim all connection, but for the iniquities of the tyrants and butchers who so infamously stained the English sceptre in their time, her soul was not responsible. But with shame and regret herMajesty'sheartmighthave been touched to "silent tears" by the lyric tale, and an emotion in so produced should have some good effect, provided, however, that the tears were not as meaningless as those by which physical weakness and mental imbecillity are sometimes betrayed in advanced old age. If the ballad and the pathos with which it was sung evoked the sympathy of her Majesty for her Irish subjeots, whom Balfour ie so brutally harrying, then it may be anticipated that her demeanour, hereafter will show that in a melting mood, on the occasion referred to, the frigid coldness with which she has always regarded Ireland and Irishmen thawed never to harden again. ONCE again the old A CANARD story that a " Catholic EEVIVED. Bank" is to be established in Europe has been revived. The Matin is the newspaper responsible for the rumour, and it does so under the cloak of that very convenient term in French ournalism—" Under reserve." According to this authority, the bank alluded to is to be started in Paris, and business is to be done on an extensive scale. The name bestowed upon it is to be " Le Credit," an auspicious nomenclature—and there is to be a capital of a hundred million francs. The Matin goes on further to state that a gentleman representing the Vatican is absolutely now in Pans looking after the interests of the new institution, and that the " Jesuits " have headed the list of subscriptions with the sum of fifty million francs, which would make them about half shareholders. " Hush ! 'tis the Bogie man." Unfortunately, however, for the credit of the Matin, M. Fremy, who is the principal promoter of the projected hank, writes to the editor telling him plainly that he has been hoaxed, and that neither the Vatican nor any religious order has any connection whatever with "Le Credit," which is, like the Victorian railways, to be worked on purely financial and commercial principles, irrespective of any religious patronages whatever. It is strange now these old stories crop up again every now and then among the gobe mooches. Those who advise in the councils of the Vatican have something more to think of than the running of banks and the establishment of credit institutions. These stories were told last century, and possibly will be told in the next. The only truth about them is that they never come to anything. AMONG leading Aus- TITLES AND tralian politicians and PASTE nabobs there is a very DIAMONDS. general and strong thirst for Imperial titles. There is no danger that the paste diamonds in the gift of Lord Knutsford or his successors will be more numerous than the colonists who eagerly covet them, but, notwithstanding that fact, there are a few public men in Australia who have declined the empty distinction which a medal and a piece of ribbon are supposed to confer, these gentlemen holding that the respect of the community in which they live is the highest reward they could receive for their public services. It may have had some weight with them that notoriously in one case a foremost Victorian politician was nobbled by a title, and that since his acceptance of it the democracy have washed their hands of him; or it may be that those titles bestowed on colonists have become so common, and are held so lightly in public opinion, that they confer no distinction of any value whatever on any man who already enjoys the good esteem of his fellow citizens. Knight Bachelors and Knight Commanders of SS. Michael and George are ^almost as common here as captains and colonels in the United States drinking saloons, and familiarity, as everyoneknows, breeds con- tempt. A new article, bright in its un tarnished tinsel,and unfamiliar in style and title, is needed, and India could supply it. From that quarter a few Orders, with the titles of which Australians would never become familiar, might be obtained. There is a long list to choose from, but we can only give a few speci mens. His Excellency the Governor General has, we are told, been pleased to confer upon Bohmong Tsaneys Chowdry, chief of the Begritsa Mughs, the title of Eyet Thaye Zaung Schwe Salwe Ya Min as a personal distinction. Maung Po T6k Wun, of Kani, and Maung|Tun Aung, each received, also as a personal distinction, the title of Thaye Gaung Ngwe Da Ya Min. Maung Myat San and four other Burmese gentlemen with equally euphonious names were honoured with the title of Ahmudan Gaung Tazeik Ya Min. Lord Knutsford should tempt udge Higinbotham with one of these handy additions to his Honour's present title. That would be the most ready ay of ascertaining how the Australians ere likely to regard the newgim cracks. If the Chief Justice did not warm up to is Lordship as " that man Sogers " was armed up, then it would be all right. THE good cause of STILL "Home Rule," the viCTOBiops. cause for which many good and true men have recently suffered wrong and obloquy, has not been beaten yet. Nor is it likely to be. There is a considerable amount of the old leaven left, in spite of recent troubles and misunderstandings. The recent election of a Home Ruler for Northampton, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Bradlaugh, may be taken as an example. The Conservative candidate, Mr. Germaine, was defeated by 1713 votes, the Home Rule candidate, Mr. Mansfield, securing the seat. It will be remembered that at the general election in 1886 Mr. H. Labouchere and Mr. C. Bradlaugh were elected, the polling being as follows:— Mr. Labouchere (Home Ruler), 4570; Mr. Bradlaugh (the same), 4353; Mr. R. Turner (Unionist Liberal), 3850; and Mr. T. H. Lees (Conservative), 3656. It will be seen, therefore, that, notwithstanding all the recent dissensions in the Home Rule ranks, which theUnionists said would be fatal to the movement, the good old cause is still alive. We were never, indeed, seriously apprehensive on this point. The "right" may be obscured for a time by the efforts of "might," or by the mistakes and shortcomings of its supporters, but it is sure to be triumphant in the end. Mr. Parnell has grievously erred and sinned, but all his sins and all his errors cannot really injure the cause he championed. The victory may be delayed for a time, but it will come, and none the less assuredly for the fact that a few defeats precede it. All that is wanted now is that those who are fighting the battle should remain true to each other, and disregard the insidious efforts which have been made to sow the seeds of further dissension amongst them. THOUGH the past BUSH FIRES season was a remark- AND ably moist one, our THEIK VICTIMS, annual visitation of bush fires has been exceedingly severe. Not for many years has such destruction been wrought among the farmers by the fire fiend as during the past week. Homesteads in many places have been burnt to the ground; horses, cattle, and sheep roasted alive in thousands; and iu many instances all the fruits of years of unremitting toil swept away in a few hours. As a general role, farmers living in the forest country which is most liable to devastations of this kind are the worst prepared of any of their class to meet the loss. They are generally straggling selectors, who came too late in the field to secure the richer soil, and who now, after having for years to struggle hard, in order to pay the yearlyfeestotheCrownandthe cost of erecting the necessary improvements, are approaching the time when their land will be freehold. When, just as the fight is almost won, and they are looking forward to the time when they will obtain some return for their outlay, a bush fire sweeps down upon them, consuming all that their labours in the past have secured. Their lot is indeed a pitiable one. Without money to re-fence and stock their land, they are obliged to throw over their selections and begin again in some other walk of life the battle for existence. Judging from the reports which have reached us, there must have been many such cases during the past few days, and it would be a noble action on the part of (he people of Victoria if steps were taken to render these unfortunates some of that assistance which they so mack need. If the movement were once initiated, there can be but little doubt but that it would receive general support. When last year the people o! Bourke, New South Wales, were rendered homeless by the floods, help was readily given by Victoria, and now that distress exists nearer home we hope that it will receive similar assistance. 