LITERATURE AND ART. A first peep at the Royal Academy reveals the fact that it is not a very fine exhibition, and that the power of the havoc-bearing fogs and east winds has not been belied. The Academy will be probably re- membered as the "Gruesome Exhibition" — so many are the corpses, the crises, and the funerals that sadden the walls. Mr. Luke Fildes's picture of "The Doctor" — as prophesied — must be can- sidered, popularly speaking, the picture of the year. Mr. Bramley's Cornish funeral scene, the pathetic " For of such is the Kingdom of Heaven," makes a strong impression, but it is not well hung; it cer tainly deserves a better place. Sir Frederic Leighton is seen to admirable advantage with his " Perseus and Andromeda," aud his "Return of Persephone," for these fine works look still better than they did when seen in lii3 studio. In the section of sculpture, too, he takes premierplace, his marble "Athleteand Python" occupy ing — and deservedly — the place of honour. Otherwiso the show of sculpture in situ does not make a strong impression. But the architectural room — that, it must be admitted, excites the 'usual thrilling interest. The popularity of Mr. Alma Tadcma seems now to be at its height. Three of his pictures were included in the sale of the Santurco collection, and each of them fetched over 2000 guineas. The exact figures were : "An Audience with Agrippa" (1S61), 2550 guineas; " Vintage Festival" (1871), 2250 guineas; and the " Amateur Romain," 2650 guineas. A story in pictures is one of the oldest direct methods of placing a moral widely before the people. The old wood engravers of Germany, Italy, and Flanders preached in this way 300 years ago, and the method has held good ever since, being repeated over and over again — sometimes with more and sometimes with less effect. A revival is on foot, and Labour Day, May 1, was selected for the inauguration. The workers in this instance are Mi'. Walter Crane as designer, and Mr. Henry Scheu as engraver, the result being one of the largest and best wood engravings that has been produced of recent years. The idea of the publication was conceived by Mr. Scheu in December last ; it was chatted over with Mr. Walter Crane, who had his design ready by the middle of January, and then Mr. Scheu set to work on the engraving, repro ducing the drawing line for line. WnES Johnson was asked how he felt when his tragedy of ' Irene " was a failure, he replied, " Like the Monument." Mr. J. M. Barrie's "Richard Savage " can hardly be termed an entire failure, for its authors were heartily greeted at the close, and Mr. Barrie has already received two offers to write plays. But as if to emphasise that he feels "like the Monu ment," Mr. Barrio — we suspect it is Mr. Barrie — makes good fun out of his critics in the Speaker. We believe that Mr. Barrie is unmarried, and would therefore willingly accept the following as autobio graphical : " Old fellow," said Anon, seizing my hand suddenly, " I wish I was married." " Why ?" " Be cause my wife would insist it was a splendid piece, and say that the criticism was spite." "But would you really believe her ?" " No ; but it would be pleasant to hear her say it." Lockiiaut Bogle, whose picture of '' The Pibroch," — representing a piper in the costume of 200 years ago strutting along the parapet of a tower, and " blawing wi' birr," while the clans are muster ing for the fray — has been well hung in the Royal Acadomy, is a native of Glenelg, near the Islo of Skve. It may therefore be supposed that his inte rest in the Highlanders is not of recent origin. Mr. Bogle spent seven years in a writer's ( AnglicS solicitor's) office in Glasgow, then went to Diisseldorf, where he studied for four years under Professor Jansen, and finally came — like so many Scotchmen before him, and even since — to London. Tim Luxemburg Museum is to have a department of prints added to its collection, and in order to house it the authorities have decided to build a new gallery on the site of the garden of the " Petit Luxembourg." A singular action is pending in the Paris law courts between M. Jules Lemaitre, critic and dra matists, and a M. Joseph de Thievres, who demands the suppression of his name in M. Lemaitre's new play, " Marriage Blanc," " in whatever way that name may be spelt." M. Lemaitre refuses to alter his drama to spare M. Thievre's sensitive feelings, and the ease is set down for early trial. It will be remembered that a few years ago M. Duverdy, advocate in the Court of Appeal, Paris, de manded from M. Zola the suppression of the name Duverdy in one of his novels. M. Zola refused, aud defended himself in the law courts, but without avail. Whether judgment in the Lemaitre case will run on the same lines remains to be seen. Now that Sir Frederick Leighton has seen the ex cellent result of his letter to the people of Richmond protesting against the erection of river-side ventila tors' on the walk between Richmond and Petersham, it is to be hoped he will again and again interfere with such schemes. There is Rosebery-avenue, for instance, which, by reason of its new buildings, is fast becoming one of the ugliest thoroughfares in London. Four days in the early part of June will have a spec:al interest for all those who have a taste for etchings, for then it is that Mr. Seymour Iladen's col lection will come under the hammer. It has been stated the same event happens in the end to all collections ; but sometimes, as in this case, the event happens in the collector's lifetime. Another Aristotelian discovery, following so closely on that of the much-debated Essay on the Athenian Constitution, will provoke a certain amount of scep ticism as well as interest among scholars. Dr. Charles Waldstein narrates in 'the current issue of the nineteenth Century the resnltsof excavations which he undertook at Efetria, in the Island of Eubcca, in the course of which he thinks he has found the tomb of Aristotle. The Greek philo sopher is known to have died in Euboea, and the sarcophagus, which Dr. Walstein unearthed, con tained net only a statuette, corresponding to the description we possess of Aristotle's statute, but also a metal pen, cut and slit like a quill, as well as two instruments for writing on wax tablets, as though to show that the grave belonged to a man 7>f letters. Whether or no the tomb of Plato' successor has really been found, the discovery is an interesting one, for no other specimen of a metal pen seems ever to have been found in Greece. . Moltke will go down to posterity in the character of a graceful writer as well as in that of a great strategist. Only a year ago a new and popular edition of his " Wanderbuch," and his " Briefe aus Russland," was published by Gebriider Paetel at Berlin. The former, which is now in its fifth edition, contains brief sketches of Moltke's wander ings in Italy, Spain, and France, which for their graceful style and the amount of information form an almost ideal guide book. The " Letters from Russia " are of historic interest, being an account of the festivities connected with the coronation of Alexander II., at which Count (then Freiherr) von Moltke was present in the capacity of personal adjutant of the Emperor Frederick, then Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The director of the Paris Revue des Revues had recently the idea of obtaining from the great inon now living an answer to the question, " What books have exercised the greatest influence upon your mind ? " The reply from General von Moltke arrived a few days before his death, and, according to Dalziel, is one of the last letters he wrote. It is as follows : " Dear Sir, — I gladly comply with your desire, and send you herewith a list of the works which I believe exercised the greatest influence upon my mind. I may say that I read the ' Iliad ' when I was but nine years of age, of course in a translation. — Yours devotedly, Moltke (Field Marshal)." The following is the list of books appended : The Bible, Homer's "Hiad," Littrow's "The Wonders of the Heavens," Liebig's " Letters on Agricultural Chemistry," Clausewitz " On War," Schiller, Goethe, Shakespeare, Walter Scott, Ranke, Trietschle, and Carlyle's historical works. The letter is written in German in Moltke's own hand. The list of books is in French. If, as a mathematician calculates, a man of 60 has spent three years of his life in buttoning his collar, how much time has been consumed by a woman of 45 in putting her hat on straight ? The girl who said " Hand me my fan, Tom," is supposed to have believed in ghosts. "What flower of beauty shall I marry?" said a handsome young spendthrift to his miserly governor; to which the governor replied, " Mari-gold." Dean Swift says, " It is with little-souled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles — the less they have in them the more noise thev make in pouring it out." " My deer, I love thee !" as the benedict said to his wife when she helped him to a slice of venison. Delightfully did she smile; but how easily women are humbugged. Durino a Westminster election Fox was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. One of the adverse party, when a dead cat was thrown upon the hustings, observed that it smelt worse than a Fox. " That is not at all extraordinary," said Fox, " considering it ib a pole- 