>» . - THE 1 STORY TELLER. \- , ram IN BED ; Or, . THE CONSPIRACY IN/ THE NORTH CASE. / a story of boston ! By Chas. Montague and C. W) Byab. I i \ CHAPTER XYI (continued).— Conspiracy. Thomas had risen and was hoicuog up ms | hand. There was something horrible even to I fhis veteran in the merciless arraignment o£ the I sister of the woman he had protected. It might be true. John Lamm .was the shrewdest ot I shrewd men ; but he would not believe it until I he had all the proofs before him. I I tell you, Lamm," he declared, 44 I will not believe that woman planned that murder as I iviug ao turrit; 10 a vuougo m - reasonable doubt. And I can show — " | There was a rattle at the door handle. l It's my man Bill," said the detective, 44 hack again from Swampscott." He unlocked the door. " And \that has her ladyship to offer to day ?" ' -Tills." The messenger placed a letter in John Lamm's hand. 'The detective broke the seal and read it eagerly. ' ' See," he said, passing it 10 Thomas, " it's from my little parlour maid at Swamp- 3GOtt. ' The reporter perused the missive in his turn. With a littie editing it would ha-;e read as follows; — — She is getting worse and worse. If this goer on much longer I can't stay- hero. Since : Stella ran away she's acted stranger ihan ever. I It wouldn't do to speak to her for your life. Mr. Fetridge called last night again. Their talk was short. She got a letter from her hus band last night. I brought it from the post- ofliee. and I know his S's. She spent all the evening. I think writing, for her room was full of tiny scraps, written on, this morning ; but she must have torn them till up. for no letter has been posted from tins house; that s certain. I'm crazy to know if that poor girl's been heard l from. Lon't keep the news from me, as soon as she is found. 1 think Stella's going has I scared M. She looks like a ghost, ana I'm ( afraid of her, and so are all the rest." _ I " it's evident she tried to answer th 3" "letter I Stackhouse wrote her," said Thomas. Some- & thing niuB have thrown her into an unusual I state of indecision." John Lamm s comments I were entirely mental. He only remarked that he had a deal of work before him. Before I setting out, however, on his new quests, the de- I tec live took a decided notion that he wanted to I be iuiiolu.'ed to Stella, with whom he had 1 never been given an opportunity to talk. I Thomas was delighted at the chance of con- I verting Ids friend wholly to the cause of the un- I fortunate girl, as he was sure a visit to her I would do. So the two men were soon in the horse cars, on their way to the reporter1 d home. Thomas-led Lamm to'a little room in the second storey, where his mother — a delightful lady with . a sweet voice and a face a little faded and worn j I with the carts of fifty years, but brimming full I Of ih. goodwill and sympathy of a heart that I the years had failed to harden — is seated at her I knitting. The old lady takes off her speriaeles, I and is delighted to meet any friend of her eon, ' ft whom it is easy to see slye has placed in 5 niche K far above the ordinary walks of mankind. She 1 drops a little curtsey, and when her son whispers in her ear. becomes brimful of impor- 1 tance and mystery. Going to the door of the B adjoining chamber — her own room— she says something in a low voice. There is a rustle of a woman's dress, and Stella North appears on K the threshold. Pale and haunted by a cruel fear such as never troubled her vouug life before, she is, nevertheless, so much her old self B that her eyes seoin ready to laugh again, and the dimples to indent themselves in her pretty B cheeks, if sufficientencouragement is givgr-, for B her roguish smile. Alas, poor child ! Her B accustomed mirth had been a stranger to her B for some time ; and the laughing face that B nature had given her was only a cruel mockery. B It was useless for John Lamm to ask himself B whether she were part and parcel of the mur- B derous conspiracy which he suspected. The a-fnt a tion rtf oil troc u; rif+nn in tinv B blue eyes, her timid, shrinking from a stranger, B her houest, roguish face. B Why, that girl was meant for the open air B and the sunshine, to sing, to love, to be B happy, he thought. 'It is an incongruous B hardship that a tragedy like this should B come into her life. She is as out of place as a B gay soubrette in the family of Lady Macbeth ! B But when she spoke, wnen, encouraged by B the ready tact of Thomas, she was led to take B part in the pleasant conversation that ensued B Thomas had expressly stipulated that no re- B ference should be made to the tragedy — w.bv E then John Lamm could not restrain his houest E admiration and his cordial sympathy. A cra- tuxe, at ouce so frank, so free, so shy and so bold, so moaest and so reckless, in a breath was enough to disarm Hie most severe of critics, j And tlw de tectivepronouhce d her tine most perfect ideal oil an innocent, mischievous, light-hearted girl, nix too Shallow to love, but altogether too sunny to hate But, taorothanall he noted the half-abashed half-reyeutial air with which she regarded her guardian Thomas ; aud the peculiarly soli citous, respectful, and protecting manner which he exhibited towards her. Well, well," sighed Lamm, as he walked a J thore 18 outcome to the North case which I feel perfectly safe in predicting at the present time. These two people are in love. A curious match ! To think that Thomas should meet his fate under such circumstances I Well, weil! I wish I felt so sure of the rest as I do of them !" And J ohn Lamm hastened back to resume the dropped thread of the case which was in tensifying in interest with every hour of inves tigation. \- If I am Tight," he muttered, 44 I shall soon find that Richard Fetridere and that niiriniiR woman were in that house together." He went direct to his office and sat down at his-desk. CHAPTER XYIL — Fetbidge is Still Re ticent. Mr. Lamm had hardly got comfortably settled in his chair, and was meditating a look over the public statutes to freshen his memory on a certain point, when his familiar announced that Mr. Thornton Stackhouse was in v wting. The broker showed in his care-furrowed face something of the effect of the strain he had been under; but until he was3,lone with the detective he maintained much of his aoeustomed decision of manner. Then he made no further effort to conceal his anxiety. 44 Mr, Lamm," he said, eagerly bending over the table and tapping it witWtfervous fingers, 44 this straiu is becoming greater than I can endure, and I want your best advice what to do." " You may command me," was the response, given in by no means an unfriendly tone. " But sit down, sit down, and talk about the matter calmly." "Calmly!" Stackhouse smiled bitterly. iou ao not Know wnat l nave to suner, man. The failure is bad enough ; the distrust oi me I see on every hand is hard to endure ; but I could stand up against everything if I did not have trouble at home." There was a break in the man's tone, but he controlled himself in a moment, though he studiously avoided meeting Mr. Lamm's stead fast look. " My wife and I have had serious' trouble. I cannot live here under all these burdens." " Women are odd sometimes," said Lamm, " but almost al of them have some weak 6pot through acquaintance with which they may he managed. It ought to be possible to effect a reconciliation with your wife. Excuse me for speaking thus plainly, Mr. Stackhouse." "You know neither the woman nor the cause of the trouble, "returned Stackhouse, hurried ly. " However, this was not the subject I came here to discuss. ' ' "How can I assist you, Mr. Stackhouse? Command me." — Mr. Lamm, I have every reason to believe that my steps are dogged — that all my actions are spied upon. If I go in the streets after dark, there is a man always just at my elbow. If I make any sudden movement in thedaytiine somebody starts into life in an unexpected quarter, and is directly upon my heels. This morning Lcpened a letter. As I stood still to read it, I became aware that a face was peering over my shoulder. I turned suddenly, but the man was quite as quick, and passed op without looking at me. But £ was well aware that I did not now see him for the first time. All of which leads me to believe thai I am watched." " A logical conclusion, Mr. Stackhouse," "Well, then," said Stackhouse, nervously, " what I came to ask you was this : Suppose I wanted to do so, what do you think of the possibility of my getting quietly out of town?" The detective's warning finger was uplifted in an instant. " Don't go," pronounced Mr. Lamm, deci sively. " By no means try to leave Boston." " You mean it would be of no use for me to try," rejoined Stackhouse, dejectedly. " I know I am being dogged constantly, but with your help, I thought ' " There- would be no trouble in giving the slip to the men who follow you about," said Mr. LammT " You could get away from Boston easily enough. But you would be stopped by telegraph before you had gone forty miles. Come, Mr. Stackhouse, give up the .idea of flight. It isn't like you to think of it. Stay here and fight your trouble out, man fashion, saying nothing, keeping quietly about your business. Y ou must not embarrass me, for one thing. I am running down the guilty party, I verily believe." Stackhouse rose, clutching the table with both hands. " You mean it?" he said, hoarsely. MYT Lamm nodded with perfect assurance. "I do mean it, Mr. Stackhouse. Now you have retained me in this case, don't spoil my wrnrlr Ivr «n s.ffAmnf f/t run Atmrr Tfc nrnnl/1 nnf only have a very had appearance, but sadly interferewith my plans. Stand firm. I know you are having a great deal to contend with, but it will only make matters worse to — well, suppose we pay change your base of operations. Come ! Premise me that you'll quietly stay here in Boston until, at least, the North case ceases to be a mystery." The detective's hand was stretched out as he spoke, and soon encircled Mr. Stackhouse's palm. - The warm grip seemed to put new courage into the man, and as he thanked Mr. Lamm and went out, he seemed more like the junior partner of North and Stackhouse, in their most flourishing days, than be had been for many a day. Mr. Lamm listened to the retreating footstep, and felicitated himself in having done at least one piece of good work. _ " I can't conscientiously say," he remarked to his reflection in the looking glass, " that I enjoy being retained by quite so many people in one case. Before this time I expected to be able to resign from one or the other ; "but I don't seem to be quite able to make up m v mind. What with Kingman's protegee and this luckless man Btackhouse, I iiave quite enough to oboupy my mind and thought. Rut now for that Apollo whom I suspect." — Mr. Richard Fetrldge was found in his qnlet little office in anything Jt a reposeful state of mind, and his books aim papers were in great disorder; "Good afternoon, Mr. Lamm," said Mr. Fetrldge. " Excuse the looks of the room, and find a chair for youraelf, if you can. ,t jPve juBt "f&en; clearing up m;jr Nicaragua Midland account. A tidy sum I£ve dropped in that swindle. It's not the money 1 care about, but the being taken in so shamefully. North and Stackhouse, indeed ! A nice mess that rascally junior partner has made of it." Mr. Lamm acquiesced in look; but not in words, and then began to question his com panion about the details of the failure and its extent. "The creditors won't get ten cents on a dollar, sir." Richard Fetridge had repeated these words with much emphasis, when a little dried-up clerk, who had been holding an animated con versation in an undertone with some one in the passage, came up with an apologetic air. " Well, what's the matter, Olsen ?" queried Fetridge, rather irritably. "Man at the door," answered the clerk. ££ TTT _ , rt i - y won-c go away, oays ne must see you. Very important business." " What sort of looking man r" asked the employer. "Rather disreputable, sir. Been drinking, should say,, but seems really to have business." As if by way of emphasing unmistakably Mr. Olsen's half-whispered words, an unkempt head, with watery eyes, peered in through the doorway. Mr. Lamm looked at him with mild curiosity, while Mr. Fetridge gave a start of recognition. " Good-day, sir," said a shambling figure that little, by little gained a foothold within the room. " Mr. Fetridge, gcod-day, sir, I hope you axe well, sir." Without awaiting an answer to these saluta tions, delivered in rather a thick voice, Mr, Fetridge motioned the .clerk aside, and s&id-.to; the detective under his breath — " Just go inside the office yonder a moment. I suppose I must see this fellow ; but I'll not he long. Inwardly wondering, Mr. Lamm suffered himself to be introduced into a little room with a window opening out upon a wall, and furnished with" two cbaire, a deal table, and several rows of shelves occupied by dusty hooks. There was a fanlight over the door that gave access to the larger office. This much the de tective knew at first glance. " I must use that fanlight," he said to him self. "This proceeding of Fetridge is very curious. It may be only one of his whims — he's a notional man,T can see. But, at any rate, it will do no harm to watch the interview. What can a well-to-do man like Fetridge have in common with a fellow like thsir"' As Mr. Lamm asked himself the question he noiselessly brought a chair to the door, and followed that proceeding with an equally silent transfer of several books. By the aid cf tills device the detective found himself abWto look through the fanlight unobserved, and Eoon realised that he could hear as well as see. The unkempt head was unpleasantly near Mr. Fetridge, as Mr. Lamm looked in. and the expression of disgust on Mr. Fetridge's counten ance left no room to doubt that he fully realised the fact. "I wan' ten doll 're, an' I wan' it now," re marked the bailer, thickly, hut emphatically. "What do you mean?" returned Fetridge, drawing away his arm. " Didn't you promise, on your honour, when I gave you the money last time, that you wouldn't trouble me again ?" There was a cunning look in the bleared, red eyes. " I was half full and don' remember what I said," he rejoined. '' Don' care, any way. .1 wan' that ten doll'rs, and I must have it !" The visitor shook his. trembling hand at Fetridge with an apology for a threat. Mr. Lamm, rather surprised, noticed that the busi ness man did not openly resent his companion's tone, but stood there, evidently in much per plexity of mind. "Come," continued the tramp, in louder„ tones. " You can't frighten me! I know where you were that night — dpn't forget that!" ' . " Mr. Fetridge-wheeled his importunate caller around aud said, in apprehensive warning — " Hush 1 Don't speak so loud ! There are people within hearing!" " Hand over, then," answered the man, anllontir "mid Tn a Iro nn mnrn hnnn« olinnf ffin matter, either !" As if fearful of some interruption, Fetridge put some money between the grimy fingers of his creditor and fairly pushed him out of the room amid some mutterings which the watcher at the fanlight Could not overhear. Mr. Lamm had restored the hooks to the shelves and was sitting down, looking out into the well, when Fetridge opened the aoor of the little office; " Come in," he said1; " I've got rid of the fellow ; used to be a gardener on my place at Swamps co tt, and I put up with "his visits because he is really a capable man when not in liquor." John Lamm looked Richard Fetridge full in the face. (( TXTVtan T am m a ffAntlaman'a omnlnv >' Tin began, " I do not feel that I have done my full . duty us confidential detective if I do not warn him when he is treading on dangerous ground." Richard Fetridge grew a little red in the face. "YSTiat do you mean?" he asked, con strainedly. " I mean that when a gentleman situated as you are pays blackmail to a man who looks like a dirty tramp — " Mr. Fetridge turned upon him hotly. "This is going too far, Mr. Lamm; alto gether too far. It is none of your business." " Pardon me," answered the detective very imperturbably. " Under these oircuinetancesr Mr. Fetridge, it is my business to warn yon, very emphatically, that your giving money to this man here, just now, was a very ticklish and dangerous proceeding. You may ask how I know." "I do ask how you know," put in Mr. Fetridge, with anger and Bhame contending for the mastery. " It was dangerous, Mr. Fetridge, because VUU uuo ui tuc pcuuco uuucx ouituiuouw in this matter of the murder of Paul North." "What!" " Don't get excited, sir. I am simply stating facts. You were the last person seen with Paul North, so far as the evidence in i hand indicates. Consequently, until more is known about this phase cf the esse, you are under suspicion to a certain extent.. Whether you know it or not, sir, you have been watched almost constantly." " Watched !" ejaculated Fetridge, now very pale. lS Watched. By the police," , pursued Mr. Lamm. " Now, I have been frank with you, and you must he equally frank with me. How do you imagi'nfl my services as confidential detective can be of value to you, Mir. Fet ridge, if you do not give me your entire confi dence P" _ There was some answer on Mr. Fetridge's lips, hut he could not seem to give it utter ance. v Mr. Lamm pursued his advantage steadily. _ " Let me ask you one question. You paid blackmail to that man because he knew that you had an interview with Paul North at his house the night of the murder. Am I not right P" Fetridge started up. " I beg your pardon,'5 he exclaimed, " but you misapprehend the state of the case, Mr. Lamm. 1 did not pay the man because I feared to have the truth known on my account. : I have kept silent ou the subject simply out of respect for the feelings of Mr. North's fhmily." Somewhat enigmatical and unsatisfactory Mr. Lamm thought,, this statement. But he made no comment, and continued his ques tioning. " If this is not a case of blackmail, Mr. Fetridge, why did you pay this man money ? Do y.ou mean to say that you were not at Paul North's house that night ?" Mr. Fetridge by this time had regained his composure. " I have no hesitation in saying to you that I was at his house that night," he answered. The detective's face grew dark. " Why did you not tell me this ? Why did you not make the fact known to the police ?" " For the simple reason that the police have not asked me." Mr. Lamm t ok an impatient step or two around the room. " Mr. Fetridge, you are an enigma," he re sumed, rather sharply. " Perhaps you will be good enough to explain why you permitted the public to have the impression that you parted with Paul North for the la3t time tfce afternoon before the murder at the Old State House?" " I had uO idea or suspicion that Mr. North had been put out of the way when I made that statement at the directors' meeting," Mr. Fetridge explained. 41 Besides, Stackhouse was there. I would not have let him know of my private conference with Mr. North for a great deai. And since the crime came out, I have been living in hope that yon would discover the facts in season for me to keep out of any possible connection with the affair. I should have told you about it ; I realise it now. But what's past is past." Mr. Fetridge sat down resignedly. 44 Why did you go to Mr. North's that even- ing ?" Mr. Lamm questioned, now quite un moved, so far as outward appearance was concerned. 44 To discuss a business matter." 44 A queer place !" Mr. Lamm spoke in a significant tone. 44 You think so ? Yet I had peculiar reasons, and I accounted them weighty reasons, for meeting Mr. North at his hbuse. My business was confidential, and could not be done at the office or in my place so well as at the house in Marlboro street." 44 Mr. North's partner was not a partner to the business in hand ?" Fetridge's eyes flashed angrily. 44 It would have been well if he had n<\- t been a party to any of North and Stackhouse's business," he said, with some bitterness of tone. 44 But this was a special matter. How imoortant it was vou mav iudee from this fact — that if Stackhouse had fouud out North was possessed of the information I gave him, and aid not know that I knew it also, he would have an ample motive for committing the crime of which I believe him guilty." Mr. Lamm looked at him curiously. \- 44 And you still wish to keep the subject of your last conversation a secret, even from me P" 44 Even from you," responded Fetridge obsti nately. 44 1 must await developments, and I hope those developments will preclude the necessity of my speaking about the matter at all." " Bear in mind what I said to you just now about surveillance." Mr. Lamm Bpoke gravely. 44 You are liable to arrest at any time." Fetridge gave an incredulous laugh. 44 1 don't think they'll arrest Se!," Fetridge answered lightly. Then, in more serious tone, 44 One thing I'll tell you, Mr. Lamm. To the best of my knowledge and belief Stackhouse was in Paul North's house that night." ' ' Something more than knowledge and belief is requisite — evidence," responded Mr. Lamm' rather drily. 44 There's much inthis whole business.that concerns you closely — more closely, perhaps, than you think. At what time did you leave Paul North's house hi Vo vlVirtrA ofvAAf fliflf niolif 44 Between, half-past 8 and a quarter to 9." " Was there any one in the street or near by, so far as you know?" 44 No one. But I had not gone far when tbiB fellow who was here just now touched me on the Bhoulder. I turned round and re cognised him. " 44 Oho ! You know him then. ?" 4 4 Why, yes. He used to be head clerk in North and Stackhouse's office ; got to speculating ; was pinched in Nicaragua Midland ; lost his little all ; took to drink and so forth. I pitied the fellow, knowing how he came to be down in the world, and occasionally gave him a little to help him along." 44 He wanted money that night, of course ?" 44 Of course. I didn't fancy his having met mn of mnli a fimA fttiH nlnrft find aa T him the five-dollar note I bade him not mention having seen me. He readily agreed, and then stai-ted off in a hurry." - Mr. Lamm pursed his lips together. 44 And since then the fellow has been Imntihg you for more money." ' "That's about the state of the case," answered Fetridge, rather reluctantly. 44 You understand, I thought it was cheaper to bay the man's silence, being sure that a few days would clear up the whole matter." The detective shook his head. 44 Yery risky- business, sir. But never mind that now. A few moments ago you said something about believing Stackhouse had been at North's hoftse that night. Why ?" 44 Why ?" returned Fetridge. 44 The outer door — the storm door — was umockld when we came there. Mr. North himself called my 1 attention to the fact. 4 Hullo,' he < said, 4 Thornton is here probably. I knew it would never do to have that man overhear our con versation, and we searched the house high and low. Finally ! was convinced that, though Stackhouse may nave oeen mere, ne bad gone away again. The idea that he might come back that night never entered my head. But I have no doubt whatever now that he did come back, aud that Thornton Stackhouse was the last person who saw Paul North alive." 44 Indeed!- Well, then, Mr. Fetridge, I must request a reply to a question I asked you once before, What connection had this Creole woman, Marie Moiseot, "with the case-?" Fetridge started, 44 You told me once, I believe, that the medical examiner save that the murder waa committed in the first part of the evening ?" 44 Idid, siir" _ ' 44 Thank you. I wanted to be sure." . 44 But what has this to do with the Creole?'' Lamm asked with some impatience. 44 Oh," returned Fetridge, with an nnsuocess ful assumption of. caxejessniess, 44 J forgot. Excuse me. My mind wandered from the- sub ject. The Creole woman? She has no con nection with the murder. That is quite im possible." Then once more I ask you, plainly, who is 44 Well, then, plainly, sir, I will answer you. She was a foolish girl who believed too readily in Stackhouse; He parted from her and went on, and she, I suppose, had torfffer for her credulity. But this was tea years ago, and he has doubtlesB forgotten her. 44 Ah ! Well, this brings me to another question. How comes Marion Stackhouse to know of the existence of this woman ?" " 44 Good heavens !" cried Fetridge, excitedly. 44 She does not, does Bhe F" 44 1 think she does," said Lnmwq dreamily. 44 But passing that, since you do not know, we come to question No. 2. Why does Marion Stackhouse refuse to live with her husband since the murder ?" Fetridge flushed. 44 You will persist, Mr. Lamm, for some strange reason, in assuming me to be in Mm. Stackhouse's confidence." ' I know that you are a friend of the family,'5 saia tne aetective, calmly. 44 Very well," said Fetridge, 44 1 give you my word of honour that I am not in that lady's confidence. I have urged her to tell me her reasons. She declines to do it. I can only guess at them. Her conduct is significant enough to me that she bas by some means he- come possessed ofcvidence a gainst her husband. But what wife would acknowledge such a fact ?" 44 Ah!" was Mr. Lamm's only reply to this interrogatory. Neither Mr. Fetridge nor any body else would be likely to gain much infor mation from this characteristic grunt, which was even more than non-committal. 44 By the way," said Mr. Lamm, as he rose to go. " I suppose I ought to tell you that press of other business is liable to cause me to drop your work at short notice, Mr. Fetridge. I had no idea, when I took the case, that it would last so long." 44 1 hope not," said Fetridge, earnestly. 44 1 hope not, too," returned Mr. Lamm ; 44 but I muBt say the case looks dubious at the present time. However, I'll let you know definitely very soon." 44 Confound that man," muttered the detective, as he went down the stairs. 44 It is not at all improbable that he may find out some day that in dealing with a man of my standing and profession it -will pay him to stick to the truth. One link more in the chain of evidence, and then good-bye, Richard Fetridge !" CHAPTER XYIII. — Ma-OA-M-P. Ratstoxd. John Lamm, confident that a conspiracy was to be found at the bottom of the North case, was reasonably sure already of two parties thereto — Marion Stackhouse and Richard Fetridge. Whether there was any body else Concerned he had notyet made up his mind. The plain yet puzzling charge of Thornton Stackhouse in the letter to the Moissot woman, who seemed to the detective to have been created for the express purpose of tantalising him with the enigma of her ex istence, indicated that Stackhouse himself had reason to believe her the head and front of all offence. Again and again John Lamm studied that letter, endeavouring to squeeze out of it the last drop of possible . significance ; but the writer had so well chosen his words, with the evident purpose of making them unintelligible to a third person, that the detective was suspicious of what seemed the logical deductions there from. One thing was certain. Stackhouse charged Marie Moissot (the 44 person unknown" of Mr. Lamm's notes) with having carried to successful issue, on the 16th of June, a con spiracy to ruin him, and Mr. Lamm believed himself fully possessed of the unfortunate events which had overwhelmed the man during that day. The discovery of this unique charge of murder written in Red on the wall of North's library, he did not forget was not the only misfortune. The extraordinary conduct of his wife was quite as serious to Stackhouse, not impossibly more so than this implied accusa tion. xo be sure, these two conspicuous facts seemed to be part and parcel of one larger fact, and perhaps appeared to Mr. Stackhouse's mind as one thing ; but the detective was altogether too cautious not to have seen that the letter might, refer to either one of these calamities. The problem in John Lamm's mind, therefore, stood in this wise : — Q. Dees Mr. Stackhouse hold Marie Moissot responsible for implicating him in the murder of -his partner or in embittering bis domestic rela tions. Q. If the former were his belief, would he not have acquainted me with the faet? And as Mr. Lamm could not help answering the latter question in the affirmative, he was still reasonable-sure that there was no evidence - in his possession of a third party to the great 44 conspiracy " which was so puzzling him. Whence it seemed to be plain that his present duty was to centre his efforts upon the twa people whom he suspected — to investigate their doings thoroughly, to watch both of them with allpo88ihle vigilance. To keep Marion Stackhouse under surveillance was a comparatively, easy task. She had not left the confines of the. North .estate, except on the occasion of the funeral, since the discovery of her father's death ; and for a full report of her conduct for the immediate present Lamm felt he could safely rely ou the vigilantes of Moffett and Mollie White. But the movements of Richard Fetridge were not bo easily followed. - Consequently, John Lamm did not dare to trust this apparently most important task to. any . body but himself and those under his activt supervision. On the Wednesday when he received Thomas's confidence in the Stella North affair, Lamm redoubled; the safeguards and pre cautions previously tak to assure himself of the integrity of Richard Fetridge. Not that he ignored other possibilities of investiga tion. Into the past lives of Stackhouse and North and Marion he was atieaxly JuButing the most careful inquiries ; but FetridgSv8 career interested him still more. With that affable good fellowship which made it possible for him to make friends with all sorts and conditions of men, ho insinuated himself into the good graces of Fetridge's clerk, and learning that Olsen had a predecessor who had been discharged for talcing too much interest in his employers'. affairs, he hunted up that man, with what degree of reward will be hereafter xecorded. He soon discovered that Mr. Fetridge had ceased to take active interest in legal work, that he had but few clients, and that his chit £ business now seemed to be to look after the investments of his large property. John Lamm made arrangements to be accurately inform, i from day to day of a Mil list of the mill uwuaire ' office visitors, especially of those whom Ae to, into his inner sanctum, and whose business vn him appeared to be. confidential. Zt was -in this way -that he first -beca no informed of the existence of Madame R&ytnoi;:; . Here is the report fufnished by Richard 5etridge'8 clerk/ O 'sen , late in the afternoon of 'hursday iV- ? '- About .3 o'clock a mighty pretty vonuta, y whose completion had evidently been toned up by artificial expedients, asked, in a tone of authority, if Mr. Fetridge was in. Xeaid ' N6 but she might expect him. in a few minutes. - "W oulcLshe sit down and wait? She would. She-drew her chair up . near the window, and looked out all the time. It struck me she was careful not to turn round when anybody came in. I maybe wrong, but it occur red to me that she did this so asnot to let her face be seen bp any chance visitor. j " It was something like thirty minutes before the boss appeared. N As. soon as she heard his vojce she turned round. The boss gave a start. Why, Radame Raymond.' he said, r? and Bur- prised enough he was. But he hurried her towards his private office, saying something in a low tone, and looking over in my direction. But you may believe I was aiding up a column of figures just at that time. " Well, the two were closeted an hour together, and then the woman came out. Always the politest, of men is my bo&9 when a good-looking face is about. He danced attendance on her, and I heard him say, as he took her hand at the door : " Have no anxiety, my dear madam. Every thing is being carefully looked after. Trust me to see that all comes out right.' " And that was the last I saw of the woman." Mr. Lamm, with his eagerness to get at the case only intensified by these incomplete and unsatisfactory disclosures, requested his in formant to let him know the instant that unknown woman appeared in Fetridge's office again. He was prepared for an indefinite period of Waiting, and the arrival of this brief message the morning of the day after he had given these last instructions, came as a pleasant surprise : — "She is here!" With all speed the detective made his way towards the substantial brick buildirg where Richard Fetridge was usually to be found during business hours on any week-day of the year. Waiting in the quiet corridor, Mr. Lamm found the place almost as deserted this summer morning as if it were a bank holiday. But the echo of a door closing on the flight above, and the sound of two voices, one of which was certainly Fetridge's, in amicable conversation, soon demanded his close attention. It was a woman's voice that spoke the only " good-bye" that came unmistakably to the ears of the detective ; and a woman's light step heard on the stairway gave him assurance that the mysterious Madame Raymond was coming his way. A slight-built, willowy woman, this, thought Mr. Lamm, as he watched her pass near at hand, his own presence entirely unnoticed. Pretty ; an olive complexion, a little too much 4 made up large, lustrous eyes, black hair (her own undoubtedly), a very graceful figure. Altogether, as Mr. Lamm summed up the case, an attractive brunette on the sunny side of thirty, with something of a foreign air about her. Assuredly a visitor to Boston, %herever born and bred. The graceful figure, well set off by a coquettish bonnet, which, like the summer wrap, had a pleasant contrast of 'colour in it, flitted through the streets. Followed by more than one admiring glance, the lady was followed also by Mr. Lamm, though not one of the many acquaintances with whom the detective exchanged a bow and a pleasant word would have suspected the fact. Madame Raymond, hailing a South End car, and taking a Beat with dainty supervision of her skirts, loooked at the shop windows past which her route took her with languid curiosity. Mr. Lamm, two seats behind, did not seem to notice her. Madame Raymond left the car at a shady crossing ; and Mr. Lamm, having seen her on to the footpath and well around the corner, swung off the car in his turn and quite casually walked up the street which the lady had traversed just before. Mr. Lamm was going by a modest-looking bouse, with a high doorstep, just as Madame Raymond was ringing the bell. She was ad mitted in a moment, and Mr. Lamm still walked on, turning the corner and taking a meditative promenade down a dusty avenue for a little aistanoe. But the now invisible magnet still drew him to that quiet little Btreet and to the ninth house on the right in a distractingly regular row of highly respectable-looking dwellings. " A boarding-house," commented Mr. Lamm, as be leisurely looked at the windows on his way up the steps, " No need of a sign to tell that fact." . In his suave inquiry regarding eligible lodg ings, the careworn landlady who opened the door took an instant interest. She liked the man's face, as she confided an hour later to an Intimate friend in the millinery line, who chanced to call. \- "We have a very good room hack, up one flight sir : quite near the bathroom." " Ah !" The caller seemed to be considering. " I'm a quiet man of business, you understand. No gay roysterers, no noisy lodgers, no piano ihumpingat midnight, I suppose ?" " Dear me, no sir," the landlady assured him. "Fact is, we're rather, empty now. Only two clerks, very nice, steady young Een, on the third floor, and a transient, a dy, who oocupies the parlour bedroom front, feecond story.1 " She's not musical ?" " I think not, sir. She's not sung since ,Ae came here, to my knowledge, a week ago Wednesday, I think it was — yes, lam sure, for the man was sent in to whiten the walls that day, and that is how I came to remember " Lady a transient, yob. say. Stranger, then, of coarse ?" " It's her first visit to Boston, she tells me. She lives in New York, and is here on a little business. Settling up an estate, X think, sh6fB not said so in just so many . Well, in that case, Bhe can't have u?.. on ber in the evening, together?'' ' ggk, giggle, for hours The landlady smiled and. shook her head. Lamm resumed, in a very frieadlv," off-hand fashion— " You see, ma'am, I should be quite near her room if I concluded to come bere, and as Tm .a quiet man and go to bed early, I don't want to" be kept awake by late and noisy callers or any other lodgers. That was the objection at my fast place, ma'am." The landlady smoothed her apron compla cently. "No such difficulty here, sir," she eald with confidence. "Why, Madame Ray mond has only had one caller since she's been bere, and I don't know as you can call it a caller either, for he merely came home with her the evening of the day after the lady took the room here. Yes, it was Thursday week. I boticed him with her at the door when I an swered her ring. It was afterU o'clock, mid I bad got worried about her, being astranger and o on, so that I was very glad to see she had \ company. ' My brother,' she. said to me, anda nice appearing gentleman he was. .1 liked his face. Welluhe came in andhad a quiet talk with the lady — a talk that you couldn't heat an inch outside the room, and couldn't Eossibly disturb anybody, Madame Raymond as been out once or twice, but no one else has called on her, and I am sure that nothing she and the brother could say, if he should come to see her again, could possibly disturb you, sir." Mr. Lamm was very far indeed from sharing this opinion of the lady who so desired hiB -presence as a lodger. Hut his face wore & look of entire, unqualified assent. He asked to see the much-commended apartment, " back, up one flight," approved its arrangements, and declared the price very reasonable. But the best guarantee of his satisfaction was that hq actually decided to take the room at once. A week's rent in advance was deposited in the landlady's willing hand. Mr. Lamm took, a receipt for the money, with a latchkey rolled up therewith, and, saying that he might come in to occupy the room at any time," bade the woman " good day," and went towards his office, with thoughts in plenty to occupy his attention. _ . He had quite made up his mind that it was high time to come to a thorough understanding with the man to whose cause he had almost determined to exclusively ally himself Thorn ton Staokhouse. Something about the man had excited his sympathies from the firBt, and he never felt more kindly disposed towards him than on the present occasion. He looked into his haggard face anxiously, and after that look he did not need to hear the man speak to know that he had' come to mike some important dis closure. (to be continued.) 