BAPTISM. A REVIEW. The following is the text of an address recently delivered by Mr. Thos. H. Bates and has been handed to u3 for publica tion :— Throughout the ranis of the English Clergy there was not, a few years ago, any one more justly respected than Arthur Fenrvhn Stanley, the late Dean of West minster. His acknowledged goodness as a man, his eminent abilities as a scholar and his high rank in the 'Church ' consti- tuted a claim so full of merit that I feel no hesitition in referring to some expressions of his, which, while they will doubtless astonish the reader, are nothing more than a candid maa's testimony to the truth which we believe and which it is my privi lege to advocate. And since the article from his pen which I have undertaken to review is on a subject that has agitated the community —especially the religions part of tb.3 community — a good deal of late, I trust that the words of this eminent man will be allowed their just weight when for ming your decisions respecting the matter. The subject of the article is 'Baptism' and appeared in ' The Nineteenth Century,' a magazine standing in the foremost rank _ of our periodical literature at home, and which *«i*tln-4oa amixTitr^f: it-2 iVwifcriHntftrfi- The Bight Honorable W. E. Gladstone, some of the nobility of EngRnd and many of the best scholars and critics of the day. Both the writer, therefore, aad the magazine for which he wrote, ate worthy of the highest respect. It is truly pitiful to witness the attempts often made from pulpit and platform by mere smatterers in biblical learning and ecclesiastical history to prove that Infant Baptism had its origin from Christ and bis Apostles and is referred to in the New ?PActomanf In tVia lioht. nt TWuin Sfcanlpv's admissions these attempts will appear absurd, and little less than criminal. He was too candid a man to stoop to such folly, and would not risk his reputation for ac curacy and scholarship by perpetrating such a blunder. He knew fall well that Infant Baptism had its origin long after the Apostles had left the earth, and there fore that we need ntyt expect to find the subject mentioned by Christ nor by any writer of the New Testament. It belongs to a much later age, an age in which the Church was filled with corrupting influences snch as have resulted in producing the present Roman Catholic Church. Ob, that every lover of truth knew this ! 'What a number of beneficial changes it wouli make in the Churches, for every sincere friend of Jesus would ask for '; The old paths, where is the good way ?' He would no lenger be satisfied with an im position, but would demand the ordinance as Christ gave it. What that ordinance was, the changes through which it has passed, the reason for the changes, and the result of the changes, I beg now to let the late Dean of Westminster testify. He says: — What then was B iptism in the Apostolic Age ? It coincided with thejgreatest reli gious change which the world had yet witnessed. Multitudes of men and women were seized with one common impulse, and abandoned by the irresistible conviction of a day, an nou'-, a rnweiiu, sueu: loruier habits, friends, associates, to be enrolled in a new society, under a banner of a new faith. That new Society was intended to be a society of ? brothers,' bound by ties closer than any earthly brotherhood — filled with life and energy such as fall to the lot of none but the most ardent enthusiasts, yet tempered by a moderation, a wisdom and a holiness, such as enthusiasts rarely possessed. Into this society they passed by an act as natural as it was ex pressive. The plunge into the bath _ of purification long known among the Jewish nation as the symbol of a change of life was still retained as the pledge of entrance into this new and universal communion — retained under the sanction of Him into Whose name they were by that solemn rite 'baptized.* Now if this be a true representation of Christianity in the 'Apo3tolic Age,' the modern ' Church ' has certainly departed a long way from the 'old paths,' for those who enter the Church naw are not men and women, with convictions, but speechless bibes, who cannot tell their right hand from their left. And if it be true that this new society ' was intended to l-e a society of brothers,' how comes it that in the Church which the De^n repre sented thera are different 'Orders' of clergy as well as the laity ? Ah, yes ! it is not only in the matter of baptism but in many other respects the so-called 'Church' has gone astray. But I am interrupting the Dean in the middle of a paragraph. I wish to say, however, leBt I forget, that the Dean has fallen into an error respecting the Jewish bath of purification being ' re tained' in baptism. Christian Baptism is a very different thing from a Jewish nhintion. In the latter ca*e (except -when priests were consecrated) the individual immersed himself and it was generally done in private, but in baptism there is always required a second party — the ad ministrator— and, though not absolutely necessary, it is generally done in public There are several other differences which, however, I will not take time to enumerate. Our author goe3 on to say .- — In that early age the scene of the trans action was either some wayside spring or well as for the Ethiopian, or some rushing river as the Jordan, or some vast reservoir as at Jericho or Jerusalem, whither, as in the Baths of Caracalla at Rome, the whole population resorted for swimming or wash ing. The water in those Eastern regions, bo doubly significant of all that was pure and refreshing, closed over the hvads of the converts, and they rose into the lights of heaven new and altered beings. Such was the Apostolic Baptism.'— p. 686. Was ever anything more cindid, truth ful and scriptural ? I honour the Dean for his manly avowal. Compared with the usual statements of paido-baptists, this is as truth to falsehood, as light t j darkness ! He does not even make an attempt at false reasoning, but coaies out ia pltiu est terms with the whele truth on the subiest. It is really quite refreshing t- an advo -ate of Primitive Christianity to see a ' Churchman ' writing thus. He finds no difficulty in baptiz ng the Ethio pian Eunuch in ' some wayside spring ' nor the multitudes that attended John's preaching in ' the rushing Jordan,' nor the thousands or jreniecoss in suuie v&si; reservoir as at Jericho and Jerusalem.' - Indeed, he finds no difficulty anywhere, and what is as much to his credit, he does not invent any. When I recall the ludicrous attempts I have seen made to prove that there was not sufficient water iu Jerusalem to baptize three thousand psople in one day, nor a sufficient number of administra tors, so that it must have been by sprinkling, I ft»el quite rejoiced to think that lean now refer them to a great authority among themselves— Dean Stanley of Westminster ? wno can and does tell them what Baptism was in the Apostolic Age. But there i» stdll another paragraph on this part of the subject. On page 689 h* s»ys -.— Baptism was not only a bath but a plunge — an entire submersion in the deep water, a leap as into the rolling sea or the rushing river, where for the moment the wares close over the bather's bead and he emerges again as from a watery grave. This was the part of the ceremony on which the Apostles laid so much stress. It seem ed to them like the burial of the former self and the rising up again of the new self. So St. Paul compared it to the Israelites passing througu the waves of the Bed Sea, and St. Peter to the passing through the deep waters of the flood. We * are buried, ' said St. Paul, ? with Christ by b ipt:sin at His death ; that like as Christ was raised, thus we also should -walk in the newness of life.' Baptism as the entrance into the Christian Society was a complete change from the old super stitions or restrictions of Judaism to the freedom and confidence of the 'SospeL It was a complete change from the idolatries and profligacies of the old heathea world to the light and purity of Christianity. — p. .690. What think you, kind friends, of this ?valuable testimony to truth from the Dean 4£[ t) CaL'lllUJOLCi ? UCl ui^a^uiu ^*. nil in* jvu of his high standing in the Church of Eng land, and inasmuch as bis practice in the matter of baptism accented with all others ?who administer the ordinance to infants, he was in this particular a fitting represent tativeofthem all. Note can truthfully j aeny these assertions. No one ought to make the attempt. As a scholar, historian and critic, as well as a professing Christian, he was compelled to acknowledge that the trne baptifcin of Christ and His Apostles was an immersion. He testifies — 1SL. A.BB.V WIG ^HXiflltUUi uuvicy .»«?*» »— tended to be a society of brothers. 2nd. Into this society they passed by a plunge into the wateis of baptism. 3rd. That deep wayside springs, rushing rivers and vast reservoirs were the places of baptism. 4th. That the water dosed over the heads of the converts. And 5th. That the Apostles Paul and Peter compared baptism to a burial and to the deep waters of the flood. This is all true, «very word of it, ano could have been proved independently of the Dean's testimony. But inasmuch as he was so great a dignitary, so renowned in the world of letters, and regarded so highly for his many virtues, his words will, perhaps, convince where the words of other men in humbler stations would altogether faiL Bemtmber tbat in writing as he did, he condemned his own practice— a thing no sane man would do, if the truth and accuracy as a scholar and expositor oi xne Scriptures did not compel him. We may then feel assured that infant sprinkling is no part of the Will of God, but that it is the invention of a corrupt priesthood, that it has pushed aside the true erdinance which Christ commanded, and inflicted an irreparable injury on our common CnriF tiarity. Is the reader on the Lord's sida ? If so let *''» acknowledge that Christ alone has a right to rule him, that His law is supreme, and without delay if he have not done so submit to that baptism which foes as well as friends say alone is scriptural . and right. I will now leave- this part of the subject and proceed to give the Dean's testimony in refeienee to the changes through which the ordinance has passed. On page 686,he says r— .... We are able in detail to trace its history through the next three centuries. The rite was indeed still in great measure what in its origin it had been almost universally, the great change from, dark ness to light, from evil to good ; the ' second birth ' of men from the corrupt society of the dying Eoman Empire into the purify ing and elevating influence of the living Christian Church. Nay, in some respects, j-i_n Jl,..nw* mamI Mkcnrmci hill for rtf rilfi &££ uQC UCCk A1MM.&A-; i ^itiririi'' rr ? , j w~ ~~^ — ? must have been impressed upon the con verts by the severe, sometimes the life long preparation for the final pledge, even more than by the sadden and almost in stantaneous transition which characterised the baptism of the Apostolic Age. But gradually the consciousness of this answer of the good conscience towards God was lost in the stress laid with greater and greater emphasis on * the putting away the filth of the flesb.' Tes this is historically correct and strictly true. It was not in the the 'Apostolic Age,' but in the next 'three centuries, that the ordinance of Christian Baptism was changed and corrupted. Let the reader remember tins. While the Apostles of our Lord were living, false teachers found it very difficult to persuade the Churches to receive their errors, but when the last of the Apostles had gone the way of all the earth, the floodgates of error uwm tn ha.ve been owned, and Infant Baptism, *ith many other ruinous errors, bhen crept into the Church. We feel ex tremely grateful to the Dean for intimating that the source of the error was a misun ierstanding of 1 Pet. iii. 21. But why did tie himself still propagate the error ? He still baptised infants, and that too accord ing to the rubric of the Church of England, which teaches ' Baptismal Regeneration,' only another term for ' Washing away the filth of the flesh !' Did he know the right and still the wrong pursue ? We shall let him attempt to justify his strange course presently. On page 690 he says :— There is now no disappearance as in the watery grave. There is now no conscious and deliberate choice made by the eager convert at the cost of cruel partings from friends, perhaps of a painful death. It is but tne few drops sprinkled, a ceremony undertaken long before or long after the adoption of Christianity has occurred. But the thing signified by the aneientform still keeps before us that which Christians were intended to be. This is why it was con nected both in name and in substance with conversion. ? * * There was then no wait ing till Easter or Pentecost for the great reservoir when the catechumeus met the Bishop — the river, the wayside weU were taken the moment the convert was disposed to turn, as we say, the new leaf in his life. Again on page 695 : — One oy one ttie coice strouguuiun w uk ancient belief yielded to the purer and loft ier instincts (to use no higher name) which guided the Christian Church in its onward progress, dawning more and more unto the perfect day. First disappeared the neces sity of immersion. * ? ? The Eastern niinrph. indeed, with its usual tenacity o ancient forms, still iinmers b, still com municates and still confirms its infant members. But in the Western Church the Christian religion has taken its free and na'raral course, and in the boldness which substituted a few drops of water for the ancient bath, which pronounced a chari table (?) judgment on the innocent babes who died without the sacraments, which restored to the Eucharist its original inten tion, and gave to Confirmation a meaning of its own, by deferring both these solemn rites to years of discretion, we have at once the best proof of the total and necessary divergence of modern from ancient doctrine and the best guarantee that surely, though slowly, the true wisdom of Christianity will be justified of all her children. Now the Dean becomes an apologist. He seems to think it quite right tbat there should now be ' no disappearance as in a watery grave,' no ' conscious and deliber ate choice made by the eager convert,' ' a few drqps sprinkled' either long before or long after Christianity has been adopted will ansvrer every purpose. With evi dent approval he fells us that ' one by one the chief srongholds of the ancient belief yielded ' to what lie is pleased to call ' the purer and loftier instincts' (?) which guided the Christian Church in its onward progress, and that this total divergence of modern from anci ent doctrine is a sure guarantee that even tually the true wisdom of Christianity will be justified of all her children ! Alas ! ' How are the mighty fallen '.' I fear that our admiration for the Dean's candour will now be neutralised byonr astonish ment at his audacity. Is it indeed right to change the laws of the Allwise and Almighty God ? Has it become a com mendable th ng to teach for doctrines the commandments of men ? If so, then error is Detter xnan trntn, ana tne teacuer is wiser than his Creator ! It cannot be. But let us hear him out : — We now pass t-* the changes in the form itself. For the first thirteen centuries the almost universal practice of baptism was that of which we read in the New Testa I xnent, and which is the very meaning of the word ' baptize' — that those who were bap tised were plunged, submerged, immersed into the water. That practice is still, as we have seen, continued in Eastern Churches. In the Western Churches ic still lingers among Eoman Catholics, in the solitary instance of the Catkedral of Milan, amongst Protestants in the austere sect of the Bap riots. It lasted long into the Middle Ages. Even the Icelanders, who at first shrank from the water of their freezing lakes, were reconciled when they found they could use the warm waters of the Geysers. And the cold climate of Russia' has not been found an obstacle to its con tinuance throughout tbat vast Empire Even in the Church of England it is s'ill observed in theory. Elizabeth and Edward the Sixth were both immetsed. The rubric in the Public Baptism for In fants enjoins that, unless fer special cases, they are to be dipped, not sprinkled. But in practice it gave way since the beginning of the seventeenth century. With the few exceptions, just mentioned, the whole of the Western Church have now substituted for the ancient bath the ceremony of tptinkling a few diops of water on the face — p. 697. Another change is not so complete, but is perhaps more important. In the Aposto lic Age, and in the three centuries which followed, it is tvident tbat, as a general rule, those who came to baptism came in full age, of their own deliberate choice. We find a few cases of the baptism of chil dren ; in the third century we find one case of the baptism of infants. . Even amongst J Christian households the instances of Chry- j sostoin, Gregory Nazianzen, Basil, Ephrem j of Edessa, A ugustine, Ambrose, are decisive 1 proofs that it was not only not obligatory I but net usual. They had Christian parents I and yet they were not baptised till they reached maturity. The liturgical service of baptism was formed entirely for foll adaptation applied to the case of infants. I Gradually, however, the practice sptead, 1 and after the fifth century the whole Chris- 1 tian world, East and West, Catholic and Protestant, Episcopal and Presbyterian (with the single exception of the sect of the Baptists before-mentioned), have bap tised children in their infancy. Whereas, in the early ages, adult baptism was the rule and infant baptism the exception. — p. G90. . . Let us now, as before, sum up roe admis sions of Dean Stanley in reference to the nkoiuna in tlict ihhwIa and imbiects of bap tism. He testifies : — I 1st. That there his been a total diver- 1 ?rence of modern from ancient doctrine. I ' 2nd. That for the ancient bath or plunge, j tne ceremony oi a iew urup» Bjuuium »»?» ? the face has been substituted. j 3rd. That for the first thirteen centuries I the almost universal practice of baptism I was that of which we read in the New j Testament, ie.,'n mersion. I ?4th. That the practice has given way I since the beginning of the seventeenth cen tury. I 5th. That it was not until after the fifth century the subjects of baptism were changed, and infant immersion universally practised. Gtb. That the instances of Chrysostom, Gregory, Nazianzen, Basil, Angastane and others, who had Christian parents, but nevertheless were not baptised till they reached maturity, are decisive proofs against infant baptism in the third cen tury. Lcok again, kind friends, at these six im portant admissions of the Dean of West minster, and then ask if there is any pos sible reason which can justify these changes in the revealed Will of God ? And do they not wholly destroy the Divine^ Ordin ance originally given by Jeans Trimralf ? The manner of administering it bavingbeen changed, and the persons to whom it should really left of that institution which Jesus enjoined on everyone seeking salvation through HiB name ? Absolutely nothing. It is quite a different tiling — a human in vention—and the fearful conclusion is forced upon us that most of those who pro fess Christianity bare never been baptised atalL That the Dean of Westminster supposed the reasons he gave for the changes justified them I do not doubt for a moment. To me, however, they seem both puerile and contradictory. The reader must judge for fcimaJf. Hear, then, what constitute tie weighty reasons for amend ing the Divine Law. On page 697 Dean Stanley gives his opin ion, as follows : — The reason of tbe change is obvious. The practice of immersion, Apostolic and Primitive as it was, was peculiarly unsuit able to the Southern and Eastern countries for which it was designed, and peculiarly unsuitable to the tastes, tbe conveni ence and the feelings of the countries of the North and West. Not by any decree of Council or Parliament, but by the general Bent*1''*1**' of Christian liberty this great change was effected. Not begin ning till the thirteenth century it has gradually driven the ancient Catholic usage out of the whole of Europe. There is no one who would now wish to go back to the old practice. [This is a grave error, there are thousands every year going back to itJ] It had, no doubt, the sanction of tbe Apostles and of their Master. It had the sanction of the venerable Churches of the early ages, and of the sacred countries ef tie East. Baptism by sprinkling was re jected by the whole ancient Church, except in the rare cases of death-bed or extreme necessity. Almost the first exception was the Heretic Novation. It still has the sanction of the powerful religious commun ity which numbers mnongst its members such noble characters as John Bunyan, Robert Hall and Havelock. It has even been defended on sanitary grounds. Sir John. Floyer dated the prevalence of con sumption to the discontinuance of baptism Dy immersion. JOUt speajuug geuenuiy, the Christian civilised world has decided against it. It is a striking example of the triumph of common sense over the bondage of form and custom. How it strikes the reader I do not know, but to him that is writing sow the last sentence of the above quotation borders -very closely upon profanity. To charac terise an institution of Jesus, who brought Grace and Truth into the world as a '(bond- age of form and custom ' over which common sense can triumph, certainly does no credit, to say the least, to either the common sense or the Christianity of the Dean of Westminster, us naa tne re putation of being a good man, and I have no wish to disparage him. but he has, un intentionally I believe, been guilty of a serious fault. It a!l,Bervesto show, however, how very defective are the Dean's opinions, whatever may be thought of his facts. The latter I regards as undeniable, the former not worth the paper on which they are printed. I hold to one and despise the other, and for the reason that one is truth fnl and the other false. Let us, however, attend to the first reason he assigns for changing the ordinance of Christian Bap tism. He says : — The practice of immersion, Aportolic and Primitive as it was, was peculiarly suitable to the Southern and Eastern countries for which it was designed, and peculiarly un suitable to the tastes, the convenience and the feelings of the countries of the North and West. This is an opinion. Now let as test it in the scales of Season and Truth. If Jesus designed immersio only for the East and the South, why did he not say soF And if He did not say so, how did the Dean know ? If again it was not designed for tbe West and North why were the Romans who lived in the West ' buried with Chi is t in Bap tism ? ' — See Bom. vi. 4. And how comes it that for thirteen centuries, according to the Dean's own admission, immersion was the universal practice? The Christian world seems to have been aver/ long time in finding outi'8 unsuitability ! But the Dean ctually contradicts himself, as will be seen by looking back to the following words — ' The cold climate of Russia has not been found an obstacle to its continuance throughout that vast Empire.' Russia is in the north from Palestine, and is un doubtedly a verr cold climate. And yet tbe scores of millions of the Greek Church have not yet discovered its unsuitability ! Is not the objection both puerile and con tradictory S We, therefore, take the facts which the Dean has been pleased to give us, bat we ieel compelled to return him his opinions as utterly worthless. There is neither truth nor reason in them. The truth is that Christ instituted Chris tian Baptism for all the world in every latitude, and for every creature t-t Adam's lost and guilty race. Here are the words as given in Skit, xxviii. 19. : ' Go ye there- i fore and teach all nations, baptizing them ] in the name of tbe Father,, and of One Son,] and - f the Holy Ghost.' Not merely then to the East and South, butalso to the West and North, to ' all nations' — the frozen Icelander and tile sun-burned Moor. It is a most fearful error to allow that ' taste ' and ' convenience ' justify the alteration of a divine institution. Bead .r, what think yon ? But there is another reason for the changes, more plausible, bat just as untrue, in fact, as the flimsy one just disposed of The reader has no doubt heard it before, but we will allow the Dean to state it in his own words : — Bat there is a farther reason to be found in the character of children. This is con tained in the. Gospel which is read in the Baptismal Service of Infants throughout the Western Church. lathe early ages there probably were those who doubted whether children could be regarded worthy to be dedicated to God or to Christ. The answer is very simple. If our Divine Master did not think them unfit to be taken in His arms and receive His own gracious blessing when He was actually here iu bodily presence, we need not fear to ask Hie blessing apon them now. — p. 700. To which I reply, I have no objection to the Dean's asking Christ* e blessing upon the children. I often do so myself. But to ask a blessing for them does not requite tneir baptism. When Christ took them up in His arms and blessed them. He did not baptize them. Why then did the Dean wrest t«e Scriptures in this way? He has told us that daring tfo'. first three centuries the Church did not baptize children. Was the Church mistaken for three nunarea years i If not, was not the Dean himself mistaken ? It appear- to me that this plaotible and very popular argument f oi Infant Baptism is based on a misconception of the true design of Baptism. It is not for tile inno cent or the ' worthy,' but for the guilty and unworthy. In the Acts u. 38, it is stated ' for the remission of sins.' -Hence, too, Ananias said to Saul, ' Arise and bap tized and wash away tbj sins,' &c; It is meant for the penitent believer, and for him alone. It is 'the oVdience of faith,' and as each is both unsuitable and im possible to infants. Bat to bring my task to a close, let us hear the Dean's candid admission concern ing the result ef these changes in the nirirut ftrAmnnpt*. On nsurp RftS he B&VE; :— Perhaps n« greater change has ever taken place in the outward form of a Christian ceremony with snch general agreement. It is a greater change even than tbat which the Eoman Catholic Church has made in administering the Sacramrat of the Lord's Supper in the bread without the wine. For that was a change which did sot affect the thing signified ; whereas the change from immersion to sprinkling has set aside the larger part of the Apostolic language re garding Baptism, and has altered tne very meaning of the word. Can that be right which sets aside Apostolic language— the language of the Bible ? Which alters the meaning of the I words and throws our minds into confus ion? Alas! for the results which 'taste' and ' convenience ' have brought about. But where will the exercise of this most vicious principle in religion finally bring us? 'She Dean of Westminster has evident ly been applying bis idea of j the doctrine of Evolution to Baptism. 'The Nine teenth Century ' is a fair exponent of that modern theory and seems to advocate it more earnestly titan anything else. But it is a great mistake. The Dean might as well attempt to add brightness to tbe son as to improve on the laws of God. The Gospel of Christ is 'The Everlasting Goeirel,' meant for all people until the end. of time. It is absolutely perfect. The Infidel Kenan has said that all that is necessary to constitute this world a paradise is that the precepts of Jesus fae universally pot in practice. And this is true. Let us therefore be content with the simple laws of the GospeL The Spirit has to'.d as Chat in 'the latter days some shall depart from the faith,' that 'many shall follow their peraicions ways,' by reason of whom ' the way of truth shall be evilly spoken ot' Let us heed these warn ings and follow fiie more closely in the footsteps of -oar Eedeemer. Sb went down into and was buried in the waters of Jordan, saying, while He did so, ' Thus it becometh ns to fulfil all righteousness.' ' He left us an example that we should follow in His steps.' Be has given =o authority to alter His laws. It is still and will ever be true, that ' He thai feeiievetfc not shall be damned.' — Mark xvi lti. It is the duty of every Christian to 'contend earnestly for the faith as it vhm once AMlinm~t-A in th* snimia ' Vn o\\\KI\\(rC ig necessary, and therefore no change should be tolerated. Thus said the Lord, 'He that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully ;'* and again, ' But though we or an angel from Heaven preach any other Gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.' As we said before, Be Bay I now again, if any man preach any other Gospel unto you than that yon have received, let him be accurs ed. For do I now persuade men, or God ? Or do I seek to please men? For if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.' So spoke Paul to the Galatiane. He had no idea of consulting the 'taste,' ** feeling,' »r ' convenience when preach ing. the unsearchable riches of Christ to a perishing world. Header, whom do you think the moie worthy of admiration — Paul the Apostle of Christ or Atthur Stanley Dean of Westminster ? ' 