A STRANGE BUT TRUE STORY; Chapter I. In this age of fearless enquiry and widespread scepticism it is hard to meet with one who believes in those supernatural appearances called ghosts. And so general has the belief become that such were in bygone days but the outcome of a disordered immagina tion that the credulous who have a few shreds of faith left in these un substantial visitants are content to allow their convictions to remain unconfessed, having fear for the laugh of the unbeliever and a disinclination to be branded intellectually obsolete. This, however, is surely a manifesta tion of weakness, for the believer in ghosts can make out a good case. It is not necessary that the timorous half-believer should be able to say, " I \- have seen a ghost, and seeing is believing I" Has he not a long record of " appearances " to go upon, vouched for by good women and men in all ages and countries ? Can he not even quote the asseverations of many eminent divines in the same direction? I am free to admit that ghosts" have not thought fit to visit this our world so often as they did, say 50 or 100 years ago, and Australia has been severely left alone. The reason for this may be that ghosts are Conserva tives, and that they do not come to trespass in a land wlu3re all Conserva tives are fast becoming ghosts. The immunity of Australia, how ever, from shadows in human form is maintained by some to be less than perfect, and this contention may serve as introduction for my story. I saw not the ghost myself, but (without, I hope, laying myself open to the charge of false modesty) this is an advantage, for it was seen by a minister, and therefore I can claim with all confidence a respectful hearing. The Rev. , a Presbyterian minister, had arrived in Victoria from the North of Ireland, and was, after the usual formalities of Church govern ment had been complied with, sent to preach as a probationer through the Western District of Victoria. He was young, as jolly as an Irishman should be, had a good address, could tell a good story, and take his "night cap," as a good man may always do if he so feels disposed. In a word, he was a fine fellow, apparently free from all morbid fancies, and the last man in the world that would be selected as having an eye for ghosts. Had he come "frae Scotland" it would have been less strange, as then he might have been suspected of bringing one out with him. But in the case of —— no such explanation would fit, and his story produced a profound impression at the time. It was this:— He had called at a sheep-station, where he was to stay over the Sunday. „ On that day he would preach in the big room of the house to as many of the household and station hands as cared to break through their ordinary habits to attend ; and it is unnecessary to state that he was made thoroughly welcome and thoroughly comfortable. He with the proprietor and his inte resting daughter sat on the verandah talking. Many matters were touched upon—the qualities of the station, the high-class sheep, the long staples, the price of wool, the dingoes—and the minister meanwhile, with an adroit ness that but served as a recommenda tion with the old Scotch proprietor, put in a word in season about the Christian flock and the great original dingo who goes about seeking whom he may devour. And the great shafts j of light and broad belts of gold that made the west meantime almost too bright to look upon faded into red, and this in turn to grey. Then the short twilight vanished, but in its place there reigned the wonderful blue starlit sky. The minister said, "What a wonderful night?" And the unsentimental MacMackie said, " Yes, very fine; and noo I think we'll hae somethin' ta eat." The evening passed pleasantly enough. The proprietor had much to "say about his. early days in this new land, while the minister contributed equally good matter about his early days in the old land, and the whole was sandwiched with pianoforte con tributions by the young lady. At last the hour arrived at which the household retired, and the minister was shown to his room, access to which was gained from the outside. The night was calm, and the large moon looked down from a cloudless sky. The room was comfortably furnished, and a window, before which was the dressing table, looked towards the east, through which streamed in the moonlight. Tired with a long day's travel, he proceeded at once to divest himself of his clothing. He had advanced to the mirror, and was in the act of unfastening his white tie, when craning his neck the better to enable him to do so he saw, much to his surprise, a young man looking intently at him from without. An noyed with what he supposed the impudence of the fellow he left the window, and, pacing the length of his room, returned to the glass, fully ex pecting to find that his visitor had satisfied his curiosity, and had taken his departure. To his greater annoy ance, however, his eyes met those of his watcher. He was a young man of about 25 years, was well dressed, and wore a smoking cap, attractively embellished, and in his hand he held a pipe. After taking particular note of his features and dress with a view to describing him to his host the rev. gentleman left his room filled with anger—righteous anger—to give the Paul Pry a sermon on good manners. But on going outside no one was to be seen. There would have been nothing surprising in this had he heard the departing footsteps of the intruder, or had there been any obstacle behind which he could have sheltered himself. But that was not so. All was clear around the house for a considerable distance, and the night, as I have said, was almost as bright as day. Having satisfied himself that no one was there but himself, and having listened intently for footsteps without any sound reaching his ear beyond the hoot of a-distant owl, he went back to his room filled with uncanny feelings and troubled with, for the first time, suggestions of the supernatural. He speedily drew the blind and sought his couch, but not to sleep. Revolving in his mind all the facts over and over again, and seeking for an explanation for the wonderful disappearance of the stranger, he at last concluded that his uncanny fears were but the outcome of that superstition which so readily comes to the aid of poor mortals. On the morrow he would keep a sharp out look on those forming his congregation, when he hoped to be able to see the person who certainly owed him an apology for his conduct. But he was disappointed. No one in his fairly large congregation answered to the man he had seen, and guarded ques tions put to the young lady of the house with the intent of discovering the secret only added to the mystery. Feeling ill at ease and half determined to disclose the facts stated to his host, he yet refrained, and left for the adjoining station, where he had been invited to make the usual stay. Thankful for the kindness he had received, yet nothing loth to leave the scene of such a strange experience, he was soon wending his way over the road that separated the two stations. ( To be Continued). ♦ The following is an exact copy of "The Burial of Sir John Moore," as given in the Hongkong Telegraph :— " The Burial of Sir John Moon.—Not a drum was heard not a funeral note as his corse to the ramparts. We hirmed not a soldur discharged his farewell shot O'er the gram when our Hero we buried. We buired him doubly at dead of night. The soda with our bayonets tunning. By the ' shuggling moonhearns mirty light and I the lantern drinly burning. No melon coffin enclosed his breast nor in shut | nor in shorsed we jvonnd-him. BiS&|ke lay like a wanior taking his not. Wilt |his martial clock around him. Few land short were the prayers and, we spoke not a word of sorrow. But we steadfastly galed on the fall that was dead and we bittelly thought of the morrer." 