THE STOIOTIMJyK. mimic mem cAse. Aft« tbree yearB ,6e6pBtalely hud fight* ing at the bar Iliad pushed my way into ft email -hut Tellable practice ; I was making £860 a year, .and could look forward with con6dence to greater things, andso felt jus* tified in asking Ellen to marry me. Ol course we couldn't do very rauch on snch .an in* oome,.1)nt Ellen jras i a wonderful manager, and although we had to live in a .decidedly email way I can confidently assert that there were ho happier people than we in the whole world. For about three months our married life was a. perfect dream of joy; we were entirely devoted to eaoh other, and Biles had a great belief in my powers of making a career in my profession. As a matter of fact I shared this belief to a large extent. I sometimes could. not help think' ing that this absolute happiness was too good to last, and fairly trembled lest any thing should spring up to mar it in even the slightest degree. One morning, on coming down to break* fast rather fate, I found Ellen standing at the window with her back towards me, reading aletter, and evidently absorbed in its contents. 'Who is your love-letter from, little woman?' I asked smilingly. She turned round with a start, and I noticed how ghastly pale she seemed. While I looked she flushed crimson, replying in a nervous voice* ' Oh, from no one you know, dear— an old school friend,' at the same time thrusting the letter into her pocket. The envelope was lying on the table, and I noticed that it was in a masculine hand writing of a most characteristic and unusual style. Ellen sat down without saying any thing further, and poured out my coflee ; I noticed how her hand trembled {she spilt half the milk on the cloth), and asked her, 'What's the matter? You seem quite up set about something*' 'There's nothing m'ong'with me, Arthur, only 3 am a little tired witb onr long walk yesterday.' I was surprised and really hurt at her answer. Ton see, from the very commencement of our engagement we bad mutually vowed to keep so secrets from cacb other, and up to this moment Z really believed we had shared our every thought. Now here was something which was clearly of sufficient importance to upset Ellen to s quite unusual extent, and when I inquired about the cause she was not only uncommunicative but actually evasive. I said nothyig further, but let her see plainly by my manner that i was hurt by her non confidence. I have often thought since tbat 1 was entirely to blame for all the wretched business which happened afterwards; I ought to have shown more complete confi dence in my dear wife, aud Heaven knows that up to that moment, and indeed even then, she really had my entire and perfeot trust-— only I was such a fool as to exhibit my pique to her, , and, having done so, of course felt bound to cherish it, lest she should think me ' weak.4' 'For the next few days she seemed really wretched, and would often look at me in an imploring, pitiful manner which at another time would have made me catch her to my heart. But just now, from one cause and another (the briefs were not coming in as quickly aa 1 had expected), I was out of sorts, and made my suspicions an excuse for 8 small exhibition of spirit on my part. By tho end of the week, however, I felt in bet ter humour with things, and determined to end tbe trifling estrangement. Those lines came into myiead — ? ' The little rift within the lute, That hy-and-by shall make tbe musio mute.' ? And I felt that it really wouldn't do io play with fire in ever so 6mall a way. So Z got away from work an hour earlier than my usual time, and hurried home delighted with the thought that I would quite ' make it up.' I knew Ellen wouldn't be expecting me at that hour of the afternoon, so determined to give her a surprise. I let myself in with my latchkey, and stepped softly upstairs to the drawing-room, opened the door quickly and saw— well, this is exactly what I saw. Ellen waB leaning with bowed head against the mantelpiece, and stooping over her with one hand on her shoulder was a stranger, tall and sirikingly handsome, though with a worn, dissipated look ahout the eyes which somewhat Spoilt him. He was talking ' quickly and eagerly, and she was trembling ! -with suppressed emotion ; I caught his mur- 1 mur of ' For my sake, dear,' as I took the ! whole .scene in at a glance, and in that mo* ? ment my heart seemed to turn to raging ; flame,-' As I stood there gazing, they in stinctively turned round, and I thought Ellen was going to. faint, she turned so ; deathly white. For half a moment she seemed unable to collect herself, and then with en evident effort said, ' Arthur, let me introduce you to Mr; Guy Hammersley, an old friend of fspaV He was ' evidently a year or two younger than myself. I hate ** scenes,' and so simply bowed coldJy, and after a minute or two of torture, passed in , exchanging commonplaces about tbe wea ther, be left. 1 We stood looking at one another for a minute or two, I madly longing for the ex* planation which I had nevertheless sworn to disbelieved But she said nothing— not a word. At last I said coldly, 'Well, have you anything to say about this? I was watching you for two minuUs before you and your friend observed me.' She flashed one quick, indignant look at me, and then burst out passionately, 4i Oh, Arthur, dear, 'in Heaven's .name don't ask me to tell you anything ; only believe and trust me en tirely. .1 dare not tell you.' 'I can quite believe, madam, that you dare not offer an explanation of circumstances whioh are too Btrong .ipr i?ven ?your plausible tongue to justify* ' As lor believing and trusting you —well* Heaven knows tbat I have done so to my cost toD long already — r' But at this point of my onslaught she reeled and would iave fallen,' but that' 1 had still sufficient manhood left to catoh'her as she swooned away* - I laid her on the sofa with a strange, numbing pain of deadly, liopeless miseiy at my heart, and rang Soy the maid. When she came, and EUen began to show signs ol returning consciousness, I left the house. The sun that had been shining so brightly when I had entered haU-an-hour before, was now.almost.eet* -ConM. it be only one short haU'hout -since 1 had hurried into, my home—our home I Somehow I had. *lan& passionately to the ;hope that she would clear it ail np, damning -as the oircam stances aeemecL. But no ; «he had bees true to her lover, and 2 -felt, indeed, , that I had passed out of her confidence. . ^»3!helittle*tftiwithinihe4atel'^i That hy-and-by eball make the .musio .vote.'- The words seemed to mock me as they rang in my oars. ? - Tne mUBio was indeed mute now, and in place of the Bweet melody to which we had been tuning our lives, was the devilish, noise and passion of hate and Jealousy ringing through my heart, and making me, as I walked quickly down the Brompton Boad, clench my hands and grind my teeth in a manner that would have justified my immediate arrest as a dan* gerous lunatic. At last I got calmer. What was to be done t I had a kind of no tion that one must go on living somehow. For a week or two we led a terrible exis tence, seeing each other only at meals, when we would interchange a few casual remarks, while the servant was in tbe room. How particular we are, even at the most trying moments of our lives, to keep op appear* ances before other people. I felt that I could not stand the additional torture of the world's gossip; the section of '(he world '* in which wc mixed was quite as ter rible to us as the tongue-wagging of all the aristocratic gossips and tbe slanders of the 'society journals.1. No, Z would conceal my hurt as long as possible and suffer in silence. And Ellen? Poor child! She grew like a ghost, and though she made now and again a pitiful little effort to renew our old relationship, the absolutely stony front which I presented to her advances was too much for her, so she had to give it up and break ber dear heart. About a month after our domestic shipwreck, 1 picked up a note from the floor in the dining-room, and noticed the same hand-writing ae that of the mysterious letter which had produced our fir6t difference. In a moment I had grasped its contents. ?' For Heaven's sake don't rouse his sus picions. It would be fatal, t rely upon you, however, lo prevent him from appear ing against mc, as I could not facc him in court. It would kill mc. Use any means to prevent him from taking up the case.' There is too much against mc that 1 can't disprove. Stonecroft is determined to pro secute. — Yours always, Guy.' So this woe the end of it all. The culminating proof lay in my linnd. The first part of the letter was clear enough. It suited the scoun drel's purpose that I should be kept in tlio dark as long as possible. Cut for a minute or two X could not understand the meaning of the latter part of the letter—' Use any means to prevent him trom taking up the case.' What case ? Then it flashed across me. Only a few days before 1 had been en trusted by a well-known firm of lawyers with the prosecuting brief in a forgery case. It was the fir6t case 1 had received from Messrs. Brasebridge -fc Hacklc, and it meant a good deal to mc, as I had felt sure that if 1 made a success in it I should largely iu* crease my practice by tbeir agency. It had come as a mournful sort of pleasure to me as I thought of what my joy would have been in the old days, when such a stroke of ] good fortune would have been doubly plea- j sant from the happiness it would have given Ellen ; and now 1 suddenly remezn* 1 bered that the accused was a man named Hammersley. Tbe coincidence had not struck me before as I glanced casually through my brief, but I understood now ; though still I could not see why the man should so dread my appearing against him. It could not be that he feared my powerB as prosecuting counsel— that was too absurd ; I was a comparatively unknown junior. Pro bably, then, it meant that he had some ap&rk; of shame and remorse in him wliioh made him dread to meet the man he had wronged in Buch a situation. Now all the old bate and passion which had been almost dormant for a while rose in me with tenfold forcc. 1 gloated over the opportunity thus afforded me of being in strumental in punishing in some degree the wretch who had ruined my life. 'Give up the case!' Bather give up heaven itself. 2 would strain every nerve and power to se cure his conviction, and having done so, I would leave EUen iov ever. At dinner that night i mentioned casually that 2 had been fortunate enongh to be retained for tbe pro eecation in a rather big forgery case. She started, and eagerly asked for particulars. 1 Watching her keenly, with a cruel pleasure, ! I told her all the circumstances, and then added in a hard voice, ' By the way, the accused's name is Hammersley.' She was peeling an orange at the time, and it dropped out of her hand and rolled across tbe floor as she sank back faint and breathless in her chair, while I held my wine up to the light aud inspected it as though 1 had been a con noisseur, a role in which I had never posed before. During the next few days Ellen seemed anxious to lead up to the subject, although each time it appeared to cost her a terrible effort, and I invariably cut the matter short. At last, the evening before the case waB to come on for trial, bursting into a passionate fit of weeping, she told me that she had rea son to suppose that the man I was going to nse all my powers to convict was her own and her father's old friend. She knelt down by my chair, and taking my hand in hers, implored me to withdraw from tbe case. 'Arthur, if you have one spark of affection left for me, don't go on witb this. Too don't know what it means, dear.' I turned on her ss if I had been stung, exclaiming sardonically, 'Don't know what it means) That a just Heaven has given me the oppor tunity of assisting to send your lover to the fate he more than merits I' Then my wife got up from her knees, and stood looking at me with pity mingled with scorn in her dear brown eyes. 'Arthur, before Heaven I swear to you that yoa are terribly and cruelly wronging me, and — and' here she almost gave way—' Mr, Hammers ley. At thie moment I could explain satis faotorily every circumstance which has turned you from me, but ? ' she waited a moment, and I interposed sarcastically— ' Well, madam. But ? ' ' But I may not speak. I . am bound by my most solemn promise not to reveal tbe matter to you as it really is; and this is not for my sate or foranother's so much as for your own — that you may be spared terrible pain, and I ap peal to you by every tokeu of the love you onoe had for me lo give way on this point. If you persist in going on with it, then Heaven help you, dear, and comfort you when you find what you have done.' As I looked at her a wave ot the old love iwept over me, and I 6aid, ' Ellen, even at this moment, when all my trust and confi dence in you bas left me, when my mind and reason feel convinced of your guilt, I will, nevertheless, do as you wish if you will make some slight effort to atone for the misery you have brought on us l»oth by con* Jessing all. Of what value .can a promise made to such a man be? It was sinful io make it, and it is doubly sinfnl to persist in your silence.' I felt a little glow of virtue at the conclusion of my magnanimous ?pMob.aiid fully expected thai she wonld give wsy. Ko; to my corpriso she never moved a muscle. 'Arthur, I cannot' do nbat. yoo ask; it is best for you that I should not speak now. Heaven help us all, dearl' Then she stooped down and kissed me on the forehead, and moved quietly out of tbe room with a face of such hopeless, stony despair as I pray I may never see again. But at the time the passionate demon of jealoosy and mistrust still held me io his dutch. My last efforts had proved power* less to make her swerve from her allegiance to her lorer, and now tbe matter was ended. I was resolved to do my best — my worst. I could not obtain reparation or tfven confes sion ; then I would enjoy my revenge. The court was very full next day. - My oase came on in (he afternoon. It was not a difficult one for me. The evidence was plain, aud, generally speaking, strong. The facts were aB follows ; — Guy Hammers ley had been employed in a mercantile house in the City— the firm of Joshua Stone oroft and Co. The signature of the firm had been forged to a cheque for £200, and the baud-writing was identified aa that ot Hammersley. Only tbe clumsiest effortB had evidently been made to disguise his curiously-eccentric style of caligraphy, and and the most characteristic letters were clearly in his hand. Proof was forthcoming that he had ample opportunity of obtaining access to tbe cheque-books of tbe firm, and also that he was severely pressed for money, and bad been borrowing wherever he could. On the other hand, the specimens of his writing in the firm's books were chiefly con* fined to routine language, the same words beingrepeated over and over again, and it was just possible that, in spite of the char acteristic letters in the forged signature, the jury might refuse to convict unless we could produce some document in which similar words to those of the signature occurred. However, I felt pretty confident as to the result. By some means or other the accused had managed to retain the ser vices of a well-known Q.C., and as I rose to open the case, aud caught his expression of calm satisfaction, I grew moro nervous. The expert on handwriting gave his evi dence, and then the counsel for the defence rose to cross examino. As I expected, he drew attention lo the want of specimens of the accused's ordinary style of penmanship as employed in his private correspondence, and made so many strong points tbat I began to lose my self- control. Hammersley was standing in the dock , with his arms on the rail in front of him, i and his face fixed intently on his counsel. He had not met my eye once yet ; but I could tell that he felt cxactly where 1 was sitting, and followed instinctively my every action. I was filled with a pitiless determi nation to ruin him it by any means I could do so. I had already made stronger efforts to secure his conviction than the evidence seemed to justify. I felt like some aveng ing spirit Just then one of the ushers slipped a note into my band, pnd jerked his head towards the gallery to indicate whence he had received it. It was in Ellen's hand writing, a hasty pencil scrawl. 'For God's sake, Arthur, throw up yonr brief even sow. He is far more to me than you dream of.' When I had read it I turned my eyes to the place where Ellen was sitting, looking like some fair marble statue, and, gazing steadily at her, X tore tbe note into piece, aud strewed them lightly on the floor. 11 More to me than you dream of.' I began to bate her as well as him now. Surely she might have refrained from giving me this farther reminder of the love she bore him. If I had been flurried and confused before, Inow became as cool as a cucumber. 1 ran rapidly over in my mind the points that had gone against me in this case so far. Drawing from my pocket the accusing letter, I felt that I held in my hand conclusive proof of the prisoner's guile. By this time the counsel for the defendant had finished his cross-examination of my witnesses— as he seemed to think with considerable suc cess — go I rose and addressed the Judge. 'My Lord, 1 have to request that I may be permitted to go into the witness-box and give evidence.' His Lordship stared at me for a moment and tbe various counsel turned towards one another with looks of astonishment. I re peated my request. 'The course you are adopting, sir, is very unusual, ns you doubt less kuow; but you can be sworn, of course, and tender your evidence, if you are in pos session of facts in your private capacity which have a material bearing on the case.' With all eyes turned on me, I stepped into the witness-box and took tbe oath. '3 have here a private note in the accused's handwriting addressed lo my wife. It acci dentally came into my possession a month ago. In it the word ?Stonecroft1 occurs, and I ask permission to put the note into court as evidence of the prisoaer'scaligraphy with special reference to the word * Stone croft 'as occurring in the forged signature.' There was a disturbance upstairs. Ellen had fainted and been carried out. The note was handed up to the Judge, who scanned it curiously, and then passed it to jury, who leant eagerly over it. I felt I had won the case. The eminent Q.C. op posed to me requested permission to see the document which had 'been sprung upon the court so suddenly, and with such an appearance of mystery.' He smiled contemptuously as he looked at it, and then commenced to read it aloud, first saying, » I shall have no difficulty in proving to you, gentlemen of the jury, that this note conld not have been written by my client.' As be proceeded with the letter, Hammersley growing more aud more cxcited as he heard the contents read out in open court, made frequent efforts to iuterrupt, but was sternly silcnced by bis counsel, but in vain. At the conclusion of the note the accused turned to the Judge, and givingmeone look of min gled pity and contempt, he exclaimed, '? My Lord, I admit that this note was written by me, but in justice to the- lady whose name has been £o unwarrantably dragged into this miserable business, I must state a cir cumstance of which the counsel for the pro secution is doubtless ignorant from the con struction which he evidently puts on its contents, and that circumstance is, that I amber brother.' Scarcely knowing what I was doing, I ex citedly proposed to call my wife to disprove the prisoner's assertion, but the Judge, of course, ruled that (he matter was entirely irrelevant, as the only material point was the handwriting, which the prisoner had admitted, and now all the incidents which had led to my conclusions against Ellen rushed through my mind, and as I looked at them -all in the new light oast by Ham mersley' statement, a fearful certainty as to the terrible mistake 1 bad been maldng forced itself on my mind. My brain whirled as 1 saw all the fearful misery I had caused. Overwrought as I was I foil back speechless in my seat, and was helped out of the court by a friendly brother junior. Weeks after*, wards I learnt the conclusion of the case. Tbe prisoner's counsel drew attention to tbe fact that in spite of a curious resem blance between the writing in the note and tbe forged signature, there were palpably traoes tbat the latter was an imitation of the former. He also produced apiece ot blot ting paper, picked up in the merchant's office in which Hammersley was employed, on which were the traces of repeated copies of Gay's handwriting — clumsy at first, and then more and more like, beginning with ordinary words and letters, and at last ending with the signature, ' Joshua Stone* . croft,' the forged signature, at first with the letters separated, and then finally in the form of a complete signature. The handwriting, as plainly shown in the first clumsy attempts, was that of a fellow* clerk, who, it was shown, bad borne a grudge against Guy, and who, when wanted, was found to have bolted. In view of this very strong defence the accused was ac quitted. All this, as I have said, I learnt long afterwards, for during the next six weeks I was prostrate with brain fever. One evening I woke from unconsciousness to find my own dear wife sitting by my bed side, holding my wasted hand, which I could not yet even lift from tbe coverlet. A a the whole dreary drams came flitting back in disconnected fragments to my mind, J in stinctively turned my head away. I could not yet bear to meet the gaze of her whom I had so wronged. But Ellen, like the dear, sweet woman she is, took my head in her hands, and, leaning over me, whispered, 'Barling, my own dear husband, look at me ; I have been waiting for you to know me for weeks. Don't try to talk, dear; I understand what you wish to say, but it is all past and gone now.' The tears rolled down my cheeks as I met her loving eyes, end read there the same sweet story of hex unshaken love which I used to know so well — only that now it seemed deeper, ten derer, and more divine than of old. In a week's time I was permitted to sit up in my bed-room, and could watch Ellen as 6he moved quietly about the room — I was never tired of gazing at her now, remember ing how nearly, a6 it seemed to me, I had been to losing her. One bright afternoon she said to me, 'Arthur, dear, I am going to bring someone to see you this afternoon, if I may.' I guessed what was going to happen, and was quite prepared when, half an hour later, the door opened, and Ellen came forward, saying, 'Dearest, I want to introduce my brother, Guy Channing, to my husband.' We didn't talk much that after noon, but sat round the fire, Ellen with hei head on my shoulder, holding Guy's hand. Poor fellow ! He had had a hard time of it tor the last ten years, and had been knocking about over half the world; then, when he had made a really desperate effort to settle down and ' run quite straight ' (as he himself sadly put it), this horrible busi ness cropped up and narrowly missed ruin* ing three lives. Too proud to let me know 1 had married the sister of a ' man Hk* me, who seemed destined to end up as a convict,' Guy had forbidden her to disclose one word of the affair, or to let me have the slightest hint of the relationship between us, and but for tbe slur I had cast apoa ray wife in open conrt he would never have let tbe fact become knows to me. Years have gone by since then — years of perfect happiness to me— and I have at least made some headway in my profession, though, much to Ellen's surprise, I have not yet been mentioned for the woolsack ; still, | whenever I am retained in a case of forgery, j my mind instinctively goes back to my first i forgery case, and I feel glad that I lost it.— | Hoiueltold JVords. \ 