CONVICT DAYS IN VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. True Chronicles. [ALL Rights RESERVED) No 8, ' SMUGGLERS CAVE The two men ware greatly excited, and Cbapman nearly dropped into the water in stead of the boat. As they sat for a few momenta listening, they could hear the murmur of voices, but could not not see the speakers. Then all was silent for sevoral minutes, and the two watchers began to feel apprehensive that they had lost those they were pursuing. It was a strange scene. The rocking boat, with tho two eager men, fltntlni umKr tha frowning ollft i ol the ishnat- liniinliid lali ; llw voieei, which thoy knew w.to human, but whose posiesjort worn 1,1 Invl.Wo aa though they no. -a tbo Mini cup ol ,l,«kn»i| me BwelIlugseawlthltAm7rl,.dBotMho.pboreic«it gleami, and tlio deathly silunco broken iiuw and again by the bourn ot ttH h'» in uim of Iho blow holes, Bounding llt:u tlm uiuiiinlmd moan of a last Bpirl, was lurnbly impres sive. Becoming Impatient, the ofll iern.no Mi companion pulled roil nil tho tockB, but they bad not prooceddd a hundred yards, when Chapman, looking back, gave a cry ol eur prl»o whioh altrnoted bin oorarndu'ii niton, tion. Glancng in the snruo diicolion, the young man diltino-.ly saw a boat mikinR away from Iho spot thoy had wailed nt, under tho overhanging ltdga ol rock, 'l'no Bklfl wn cutting through the water at a rapid rate, and making for tho open sea. 'Thoy have I'tvcn tl- the eli[-, anil are going biok to llibntt Town, 1 Btippo«o,' ?poke Trench. ' I nni loo tired to tulijw tliom, and I siisaest wa go to tlio gaol.' ' Yes, that I» Iho bt«t we can do. I will eco Mr. Eyre, and gut further iu«truoilonj. I trill ask hii authority to arrest PantuU on the charge ol b.'lnu, an oioaped convict. 11 we don't lake d-oiiivi.' m-Minna we will loie him altogether,' rapliid Ch»pman. It was daylight when fiey reached Port Arthur prison, nnd n« noon »- poitlblo they saw the superintendent and g»vo him an ac count ot Pdnlold'i movement! and Ilia mid night viilt to Iho Isle. Go back to town, Chapman, and I will give you a letter to the chief of police, asking him to arrest Penfold on the charge of being an escaped convict. Miauwhllo, 1 will tnUa a boat party to nhero von followed him last night/and wo will search lor the hiding-place he must have thore,' Uyro answered. An hour afterwards tho superintendent, with Trench and several other men in two ?mall boats, were pulling towards tho idol. Tho Houtenent had no difllinliy in shoving Iho exact plsoo they hid huard tho sound ol voices, and in also painting out when the gleam of light had ehone, ai Oaspman had placed a mark near it. Kyro hlmsfitt clainhercd on tho ledge ot rock, and Boon rcaohed tbo small crevice in tho rock, JIo could boo nutliing, bat on dropping a stone down, it a hollow sound answered baok.whiob showed Hint it did nut lead directly into the water. Riturriinr; to the boat, he instructed both crews to make tho most exhaustive Beuroh among tlio blow holes and crevicea which abounded. Tliey spent nearly an hour at tbo work without sacoeas, when the practised eye ot the eupor Inlendontcaught sight ol a Inrge stone, whioh partly blocked up the end of a deep pallet in the (toe of tho did. The atono eeeraod lo have something artificial about it. Whero II i lined on Ihc main body Ilia junalura was quite npparcnt, instead ot being covered with marine Incrustations. Tlio channel of Iho gulUt was wide enough lo permit the entrance of a liirly sized boat, while il wib of unknown depth. Ordering the crow to pull into II, ho orllioally examined the rnok, and wse quits nnnvinoed it had recently been removed. With an rffjrt ho tried to stir il, but il re raaiood lirm. JIo was proulng againit it from the top at first, but gr&duilly; ho tried it from other points, and hi hid scarcoly touched the right-hand side, when it ewunir, back as oisily alitio.it as a door, rovoalini; tin continuation ol the channel. An alter ex amination shooed that tlm rtono really worked on a rougt pivot nrtiDcallyeontrlvod, and that very grout labor must have been in volvsdin tlm task nt titling it. Fueling now mu they were on the ore ot aditcovary of tha uliui I myntcry, the parly wailed impitU-iu'y until the i-eooml boat had been iloaatUOi'J i- tlm g v.il for lights, whioh had not be ill brought, Tneao were aoon itot, and wilh them ilu pirty osf.iyed iho ta'k o! Exploring the ooenn cive. It turned to the west a tew yards irnilo the stone, nnd pro ceeded for about li'ty fjet, getting broader -nd higher as they advanced, Sjddo ily It ended in a magnillcent rock-cha.niber, where Iho water ran out on a tiny sandy bjaoh. Much eurprised, this parly stepped out and found the door sloped upwards until it was Dlteon feet nbovo Ben level, nnd then It branohed off in numerous small chambers or passages. In most ol these tlio signs of human habitttion were everywhere visible. One ot the be6t, which was the bedroom ot the cave occupant, was comfortably 1 urniihod md In another a large number ol casks were, itored. The superintendent examined these, nnd to his astonishment found thttn lo o;n tsin ram, gin, brsndy, and whisky, whilst se7eral cases of -tobacco were alto in the cavern. Evidently smuggling ni lie in; csrried on, but by whom or how managed waa a mystery to him. The ocoupjnt (for only onn bed oouU bo found) was evidently fond ot reading, one must surely be extremely vnln, ai quila r. number of looklng- gUsfoi of nil ehnpes and sizes were found, nnd tic books and pspcre were numerous for these timui. I .After a ri^id ei'nroh, nnd flniin;; nothing | more ot cinscirunoe, tbe snparintendent ilt. ] cldsd to leave Ijipntcnsnt Trenoh in clmtun I o! the cave wilh throe soldjcra. nnd ho i;irn most emphalio orders that tho contraband I articles ehnuld cot be touched. After oallin? in tbeacoond bo it hn il-i-irtrl. { leaving thelltil in the cavern la oixo T:. iich ehould rrqulro it, That evening, niter Find ing word to the Ilobirt Towo sullion'.ii^, | hi decided to piy a second vlut to tlio I unvern and take provUiona lor its li'.tl i «»'!? j son, When ho reached the great chamber the boat was still moored theto, but no response was given to his repented nignnU. '? Dy heaven,' ho exclaimed, ' il these (allows have broaahcil ihe spirits I will make an example of them.' Jumping out, he walked up tho slop] of tbe first chamber, and ahead ot him tho place was in darkness, and, irritated at nhat he oonoelvcd was gross neglect on Iho pnrt of the guard, he walked quickly in the direction ol tho storeroom. II) was nraring It. when in the gloom he stnmblod against notnelliing I and almost tell. Tha lights coming up ho I eaw il was the prostrate body ol one ol tha mon, and ono look waa euQloicnt to show that he was not sleeping but dead. Startled at this discovery, tho men at ones searched farther, and at tho door of the epirit room they found tho dead body of Liiutcnant Treneh. Tbe mystery was soon czpUlnsd, for lying In a drnnken sleep, with a branched keg ot whisky beside them, wat the remain ing two soldiers, Flynn and O.-mond. It aabseiiuenlly transpired that after Eyre's parly left' the soldiers decided to have ?nme of the spirit;, and naked the yonng oflloer'a permission, which he peremptorily retnaed. They were determined to have II, and told him so ; but he threatened to (hoot the first man that trlol to entrr tha spirit oavern. Placing himself at the door to carry out hit threat, he did not think tho men would prooeed to extremes, but they did. The three were making a rash at him, when be fired dnd killed one (llutler),but the next moment he.himaelt toll dead, shot by tha remaining two. These men got at Iho drink, and though they meant to take the bout and croupe, they lecame overpowered by the potent spirits, ind wera found as described. They wero (tcrrrardi banged at Uobarl Town. B tpiMlntondcnt n.vrn w.-.j much (triovod mm- ilin iruucdy Iliht Iwd oacllrtcd In Iho civo, not only for the loin ol a promising jounn rllber, but also bconuso halind now only mi. i wilnoiu to tlio viell ol QroovcH and Pinfold lo thu Inlet, and, without doubt, to tbe ciwottw Tllioo days nftortvatdl ho rtoolved Intel. llflcnoa thai Pmlnld had been found us a aluwaway on board tho Argus, nnd, under circumstances which loft no doubt that one ol Iho ntllacra or men had o.innlvod nt his at tempted Irop paBingo, Ohspnan ilrongly urgud tlio autboritlea to nrreat Qrcovea, but us there was no direct ohnrga Against him, they retuied to do bo. The tftorts ol Iho Super, [nlondenl and Ilia mon against l'julold would most probably not liave secured a conviction Bijsinit him cither, had it not bcou tor nn aaciilon'.nt discovery, which clotted up more than ouo mystery. Tho nttomnt to oonnoct Ponlnld with the eaoapod oonvlol at six Ji-'ius previously broke down utterly. In tho lint [ilaor, ho insistod t lint hU mima wan 'i'lrimrtlia, and Iho llMll wliolienr.lhim utilu.t P.ntilil was il'Jid, and in nppairAnci) hi) did ut-« rosaailjtu Ihu nilieii'K M.m. A- miraing n nn.ik p-inl in tho oinviot mtnsnomeiil, Ilia uVncrintluii ol 'Ku. lu'.S'.l' lud liein Hivcn In 1S11, iiemly twunly four ycun liri-v.ou.lv, mill It uortalnly ill. I nut ciirroitpoiid with thu olJ ifrcy-litnle.l Tn^'iitlm ; ytt he was kept tiuilcr arrest wliuu ci.ii-iiriua vtra auih; rcgntding the oontmband ipirlts and tobacco louiid In Ihu Ohipmnn took a lcadlne pait In Ilia III veitigallon, but the moro ho enquired, Iho more puzziuil ho broime, He could tint In nny way oonnout Treisurthn with tho nil ilr. Ho found that hia prlanner had owned n comfortable farm at Kctv Norfolk some three years previously, when hu had Bold il for a aonniilcrnblo amount, «nil it ni by morcrt tttcideutbuttumhlod on ihatctuh. In Iho caitcrn und if Ilobirt Toon wn'snn hotel, ol bad repute, tailed tbo 'Llvo and Lit Llvo Iiid.' li wnB Iho resort oi very qncBtionitblo cbarsotcrs, but II a owner was underlined to bs rnpidly unmixing n fortune, bo that tho business mutt have been lucura lite. C.-iopmnn was pasilng tills publichotiae one nlternoon, when ho aaw Olllucr Grooves coiniiii; out ot il. He tvns turpiiscd at this, us the place was not Knotted to by ' ollloim and'gcutlemon,' Wilh Iho inilir.ot of the born dotcotivo ho sotntcd a dl-oovoiy, and crossing tberond, bo Ofirclculy strolled into ?tat hotel, Tlio bar wns filled with rough. looking fellows, and as Chnpmsn exiled lot hia drink ho critically surveyed first the occupants nnd thenthe nppurtenanoee ot the bar, Thore wna a number oi boltlea nronnd, but most of tho drink was being eerved out of small oacks, which olool ou a email bench, Tucajflxcd tho detcctlvo'a eyes, nnd ho began to wonder whero ho bad Been similar ones. Ills memory was ooon refreshed. It waa la Iho talil oivdrn ot U^admsn's Isle. Uls interest, which was at first suddenly aroused by tbia diioovory, ecou abated, as ho reflected that there wire probably thousands of casks similar to tbosa in tho cave. Vet, as he thought, it again occurred lo him that HniUKglinB would not bo carried on unless there was n market lor the contraband articles, nnd tho only market thereabouts waa liobart Town. The truth flashed on him. The midnight visit to the cave wail lor the purpoae ot obtaining n aupply for aale in the town. Tbia decide! him,nm'. he Trent to tbe chief ol police and acquainted him with bis suspicions. Specimens of tbe articles found in the cave w«re in that func tionary's office, and bo, decided to send a polite mcaantte Id Duncan Mcljiod, owner ol tbo Livo and L°A Live Hotel, that ho wiebod to see him. That person was considerably troubled when he got the message, tor he thought ha was abous lo recelvo a warning about tbe character ot hia house; but ns bo dared not disobey il, bs was soon In the prescnoe of the ohief and Obnpmtn, Tho officer came down on him like a thunderbolt, '1 waut the name ol tho part; or parties from whom you buy your smuggled drink and tobicco;?' was his abrupt question. Mclijod turned n sickly green, and ecemed too embarratsed to answer. 'Lei mo tell you, SIcL-od, that if you aro who you will answer. If you do so you will notbopuuinhed, but II not yuu will bo ar rested aa an accomplice ot the Bmugglere. Look bore,' he went on, lit Hog up a curtain and revoking Iho articles taken from tha cave, 'we nlready have made tho Bcizure, and have nnr hnnd on the man, but ho Bnyn you arc the principal, and gave us Inlorma tion thnt inouocd mo to Bend ti mnn to your hotel, whero he saw tbo smuggled drink in tbe kegs. We don't biliovo tliul you aro tho principal.' ' Wuy, the hound,' burst out McL:od, ' I never iruuiHlcd a drop 1 1 only bought illrotn him, nnd ijave him a good pnoa, loo. I can prove 1 never did, nnd thore is Bomo officer from the Argus mixed up In it, as he vlsilsd the bouse to-day, nnd asked for the money I owe Trcgurtba. Be told me tnough to make mo give it to him.' ' How long have yon boon getting tha liquor from Tregurlha ?' askad Obapmnn. 'More than lour years,' That evening Sicond-ollioer Oreovcs was considerably astonished at being arreBtcd on a charge ol dolrnudins His Majesty's revenue, and gradually the whole strange story leaked out as evidence wai accumulated. Tho de tails ol the trial would not bo very Interest ing, eo that a short sketch will bo more ac ceptable. It appears that G'cevos was formerly a seaman with Tenfold, under Captain Tro msync, when tha latter was sonteneed to life transportation tor tho attempted mutiny lie gradually worked himself up in his pro tcsiion until In 1S2? ho vras llnrd oUioer on bo*ni tho Argus. This venscl was ocnt to U.liiit Toivn, nnd, Hading his old mn.!o and warm friend IVmiold was mill ntivo in tho Uobarl Town prison, ho decided to relcoie nim if po.*3itl^* ? 'l'no siimjtiini! rpirit wou Bliong in him, I anil lie lind '-T. luurd a q-iaiitiiy o( contra- 1 band l.qa.r. MsLjoil «?.,., u lur'iUey Iu tha ! c.ul. nu.t by jjiiioiom bribery ha i fueled Pmlull'a escape. Ti70 dnj a iire%i,iu.|y li.-t-v,s, ivilh , inrty o! i.|3,.sii,l.,.ei.««- l,.,l tiien on n visit lu D.-aduuu'i Iilm.d, nnd Utoevoa, notiuiug Iho csvern, which rini not than h.ivo thu pivot itono In Irjul, i!e. cnleil it would be a good hiding-placo lor tbo j coovijt, j llutlngft saiall bo3t|heli:otiRbtPinIoMto| to hi a gnod retrcct. llere^llio Mi'itiggled | drink was brought, nnd tirtevts Itept up ai supply ot it to hu aocouipliceon U.-uJiniiu'a lam, who, in ilidiiuuo, diopend tt it m I Unbar! Town, nod tho two were raiiMly making n fortune, Pentald bud rt;jji=,i optics, and by tho means ol rUmps lie was able to produco tho ghost on tlicdidinorder to Irigbtcn oft intruders, tut it had the cflect ol leading to bis enpturo. Tlio trial resulted in Qrenvcs receiving flvo yuars' imprisonment, and 1'enfuld b'inj sen: back lo h» life servitude. A year later thesa two men llnally cscnpoj under oitraordlnury ciroumstanevs. whioli will bo detailed iu a future Oaronlcle. Tho history otthcBO two men proves that natural brnin-powcr nnd forco of character will assert themselves, no matter In what diOlcultcircumktsncce they may be placed. Hero was Ponfold— a chained and well guarded foloo — who found means on two successive occasions to crcapo tha vK-ilnnco of hie guards, and finally escapo altopclhcr although it may well bo understood that ho was much more carefully wntcutd alter his ro- captiiro than ho was bclore. And then tbero was Grooves, n man ol no education, who had worked himself up from ? the lowcat rung ot Iho soataring ladder, and t hail attained a position of responsibility - ! and who floally contrived to eacipe with hia friend, in spile ot almost iusupernblc dilu- 1 cnlllei, I 