our NÈ^rànlè^ETTÉb [from our' owk.'cobresi-osdent], By the way, Brooklyn'b 400 are very much exercised about a divorce revolu- tion, which before the case is ended may possibly land smile of the pall lies in States prison for perjury. In the month of November 1885, Charles H. Barnum was married to Annie G. Wood by the Rev. T. De Witt Talmage John Wood, the bride's father was a well to do furniture dealer, and a trustee and ' treasurer of Dr Talmage's Tabernacle, The marriage was one of the notable events of the winter of 1885.' About 2000 invitations were issued.; The church was crammed and an account of the reception filled a whole column in one of the leading papers. The costly presents filled a large room, for Mr. Wood was popular with the congregation, and his daughter had taught in the Sunday school for years. Never did a young couple apparently start life under happier or, more auspicious' circumstances. But as the old adage hath it, " The course of true love never did run smooth, and this Mr. Barnum found out before he had been married six months. In the Tabernacle congregation, was a nice young man prominent in the Sunday, school and other good works, and Barnum got it into his head that Annie, liked Fred better than she liked him, and as matters finally turned!, outfit appears that his head was entirely level on that point, for he found her father's house where they were living so uncomfortable that he was compelled to move out. For a time a peace was patched, up, and then there was another row, Frederick C (Jondict being the skeleton behind the floor. Barnum finally moved out for' good.. The couple lived apart following morning Barnum while discussing his coffee, toast and . eggs saw in the marriage column-" Married, June 6,1 by the Rev. Augustus C Pritchard, Frederick C. Conduct 'to Annie [visit Wood, daughter of John Wood,, all or Brooklyn. . No cards." To say that Mr. Barnum>was dumbfounded but feebly expresses his actual condition-" he was knocked out pn'.theLfii'st, abuses.'' He still imagined! tlioiigli'livin'g apart of 1 - 1 -j in "the' .!," water {"""' that he had it Hen. on the Wood pro perty, and that her name was not Wood, but Barnum. ''But 'rjpi'inçfuiry he found out tha't¡sheliííd been living in Florida continuously, for five years, and as he had abandoned her there she e)laimed<a divorce. She could not have got a divorce in Florida without two years' continuous' residence' in that. State. She swore that she resided there, herself ; her father, a church a trustee, swore to the same thing and a convenient friend of the family added his affidavit to the others. It is now claimed that when she , swore she was residing in Florida she was, actually living in Brooklyn, teaching in the Tabernacle Sunday school every Sabbath, and that she has hardly been out of Brooklyn in all that time. What complicates the case further, is the fact that the Florida divorce was not recorded till the 20th of July, 1891, though <it'wRs said to have been granted in 1890. 'It is a very mixed caSe, and the ' Brooklyn courts refused to recognise the Florida divorce and granted the divovce'toMv.'Barnuin, he naming the second husband' as co-respondent in the matter. The notorious George. Parker, who committed suicide in London recently, is the individual that I exposed in these letters, five' years ago in connection with the British Claim Agency. ' I was the first person in New, york wife discovered his little game the even months, before he fell into the clutches of an spector Burns' men. He was a tall, handsome fellow, plausible and bright but a born thief and swindler, and he met a deserved fate. , " Of all the days in the three hundred and sixty-five,' Independence Day is the particular one that has left on me the deepest and most lasting impres-' sion. In New England fiOi yarra ago there were only two îegularholidaysan the year Fourth of July and Thanks giving and there were far enough apart to make each one welcome. The Fourth of July was a summer holy- day, and aside from the delights of fireworks and shotguns, there were ginger pop, » sweet i cakes covered with gold leaf, imolassesj'i'candy, and other nameless luxuries, which are looked on with contempt by the present generation: Then there was the chance to go swimming, and to see the somers. ' i .""" - jar of- _" For the heroes of 1812 were thick as' huckleberries then, and the old Revo stationers not a few Yes, fourth of, July was a big thing, we waited for it all the year ; saved up our coppers, and went on a frightful spree on 20. The country sojers who turned out with shotguns and old , rusby flintlock muskets, to do Jionour'to Independence Day, may not have been able to march and wheel with the precision of the Seventh Regiment of the Boston Tigers, but they were fighters all the same, and they loved their country, and they were the fathers of the boys who turned out in '69, and who didn't come back till '05, if they came back at all Yes, Fourth of July has come and gone, but it came in such noiseless fashion, and slipped away so quietly that we hardly knew anything about it. We are getting very orderly, very diplomatic, and highly civilised i we can see (deeper into a millstone, than our grandfathers. We know the literary difference between Darwin and Closes, and Edison's phonograph may enable (posterity to know just how smart we were, but it does seem to a plain American who has not had all the Yankee Doodle knocked out of , him by, accused and Tranby Croft that the wholesome smell of a little burnt gunpowder, the sweet foot of a fife, the i attic of a finale drum, and a general hu ri a for Uncle Sam and the Eagle, would make the Fourth i of July seem more homelike. But I can hear the youthful patriots of 1801 say, old man comedown- take a back search, go take a swim. All right, boys ; I'm done a good day. , I thought I had buried Count (Jhces bore about three years ago, and had him safe under ground with a goodly heavy stone on top of him to keeping down, but uke Alexander, T. Stewart's ghost, he keeps i bobbing up in the most unexpected places, and thus he appeared in Court 'last' week-end in the flesh, it is true, but in the person of his daughter who is fighting to get a portion of her father's estate, but who was thrown out of Court on a legal technicality. The property for which the girl was battling was left to Cheesboro by his mother and to his legitimate children. Chees hero, who was a dissipated old rose, met the girl's mother in Baltimore, and lived with her as her husband for 15 years ; they travelled together all over the United States and Europe. The mother swore that she married him in Baltimore, and there was not the slightest doubt that the girl was his daughter, but on the question of legitimacy they threw her out of Court. Blassus Cheesboro, or Count Chees- bore, us he called himself, represented a class unfortunately too common in New York. I don't know how many families I have been acquainted with among our ancient aristocracy where the sons have remained in willing bachelorhood, and the daughters in enforced maidenhood into extreme old age. Mrs. Cheesboro was left a rich widow with two sons, and a couple of more disreputable, worthless vagabonds could scarcely be conceived. From the hour of their births till the day of their deaths, they never did one useful or reputable thing, but having plenty of money they lived on the fat of the land, despised the poor and preyed upon the innocent and unsuspecting. They put on immense airs, boasted of their blue blood and hunted up a coat of arms and a rest for the family carriage ; while in Germany at the sale of the effects on an old estate, he got hold of a lot of family plate with a coat of arms and a monogram C engraved on them. He I brought, them back to the United £'-. what I i "s'- 2s' 11d -1 says -' states and 'set up on a scion of nobility. 'A more pitiable sight coll) can scarcely be imagined, within , 'this- disreputable 'ancient rope, as he, ambled ag the sunny side of Broadway of W afternoon ogling the women through a glass which he held in one eye, and twirling his walking cane with the air of a young buck of twenty. _ Time and dis-' sent on had left few hairs on his head, the loss being indifferently repairecTby a coal black toupee i Jiis'withciod face was garnished with a poor old moustache, which was dyed black like his hair, his cyoTirovv s were pencilled, and even his eyelashes did not escape the hand of the friendly artist is he wore tight pants, generally of light colour, coats that fitted him like his skin, four vests, frilled shirts and coloured neck- ties of the' most pronounced patterns. His jewellery was flashy and vulgar though valuable, for he made its point to have the best of everything that money could buy. He generally carried J his glove in one hand, and his cane in the other, the ungloved hand displaying some valuable rings, supposed to be heirlooms in the family. His crowning infamy was the deserting of his wife and daughter, a few years before his death. He had no direct heirs to his property, which notwithstanding his extravagance, was considerable, but he left it to be sought for by a lot of people whom he never acknowledged while alive, and finally exhausted and worn out with dissipa- tion sunk into a dishonoured, grave. I know six wealthy families at the present time whose lives have been made a burden by the conduct of their Sons on whom they have lavished thousands of thousands of dollars. Young men to' whom the grandest business opportunities have been offered and who have thrown them away. One, a short time ago,, blew, out his brains in his father's 'dining-room.' This week the only son of rich parents was sent to the State Reformatory for setting fire to several houses, where two people were burned to death.' Last week the son of cure of Brooklyn's most respectable residents was detected in window smashing and, a series of petty i balconies where the plunder he secured a was-so insignificant that it could be no possible excuse for the crime. ' In the House of the incendiary ' it was pure tiusfeednesB. tHe bud everything that heart could wish for-a beautiful home, father and mother who idolised him, horses, carriages, sor vóiits-r-every thing, ' but^he^tole out of his house night after night, bought' benzine,. and', set fire to tenement houses, and then stood organdy enjoyed-the fun as the house blazed around, the wretched tenants tumbled into the street with their children, h while' their little property perished in the flames in one of the cases 'two, people were " burned to death. This' case comes, as rider' totaL depravity as any thing I' express.' " " I »peakingof,total depravity, the conviction of Anieor Ben Ali, an Algerian,, for the murder of a wretched creature of the slums, is a matter of r, congratulation. I have forborne up to the present time mentioning this terrible crime in these letters, though all the papers in New York were full of it, and it has excited more interest than any murder committed this year. All the parties concerned, principals and witnesses, were the vilest of the vile and the house where the crime, was committed was a den that affords shelter to, just such a class. It was perpetrated in the peculiar manner that has rendered the i region of Whitechapel a nameless horror for the past two years. It is believed by many 'here that Ameor Ben Ali is the whitechapel" fiend. By the 'pig I'lieadedness of a juror he was saved [from the electric' chair, so that the luther 11 were compelled, to'agree'to a I qompviiniise, verdict which involves a life sentence. Everybody is glad that the horror is over, and westward to for ['get it as soon as possible. ii i . Once more Coney Island is in a blaze of glory, and all New York and (Brook- lyn, that can't get away anywhere I else, are making the most of it Not that the company is by any means entirely composed of the 'Home Guard, for this week the streets of Manhattan Beach were pressed by the feet of Royalty, Prince George of Greece giving the seaside, home of Brooklyn, 'and New York a Royal christening Apropos of Prince George : Although ' Ins stay was brief, he goes from us with the reputation, of a thoroughly, good' 'fellow. A belfry respecting gentleman, he won favour with everybody,- and it chance should throw him this way again he may rest assured of a hearty American! welcome. He is put Up face, a 'Icing. Only about 23, he stands about 5ft 2in. or 3in. in his stockings, i and has a complexion as rosy as a girl. He has a good honest face, fine blue' eyes, and fair hair like the purest of tlieJJanisk stock from which he springS His grandfather's family has contributed some of the best royal blood to the principal thrones in Europe, and it looks as though the future King of Greece would sustain the honour of his race , i Butitoircturn to Coney Island. The roar of the comets, bassoons and fiddles begins once more, and they propose to make things, lively By the sad sea waves." Horses Auton Seidl, with a splendid. orchestra, is at Brighton Beach, and the only Patrick Sarsfield Gilmore is delighting the visitors at a Manhattan. It is useless to attempt to compare these two distinguished leaders, for in nothing are they alike ; their methods are unlike - there is not the slightest resemblance in their styles, and the audiences differ as much as the leaders Heir Seidl is a thorough "W'agnerite ; he believes he has a mission, and that is to educate the people up to his own sublime standard- crashes and dashes, and a slashes and booms that sound like the harshest discord to uneducated ears to the ear of the Wagner to it has a sublime and mysterious meaning. Herr Seidel has a heavy following. True Germans as a class swear by him. The Jews, who are a music loving people, Rock to Brighton cleared by thousands. Then he has a large female following of that club which desires to be thought away, away, away up in music, and I may add that the gentleman is worthy of all the praise and esteem that is lavished on him. i But when it comes to personal popularity to the music that stirs the cart of the million to the music that sets your feet going to the music that you keep)) humming or whistling till you drop off to sleep at night, and still ibid running in-your head when you wake up in the morning-give nie, Patrick Gilmore against the world. The difference in the two orchestras may be summed up thus : Seidel's orchestra respect and fear him they look upon him as he looks upon himself, as a being of superior clay. GilmofVs band re- spect and love turn, and while a strict disciplinarian from long association they are like a great big happy family. I personally met him first in Paris in 1878\. I have watched him closely since then, and I have come to the conclusion that in all the elements of a popular musician there is only one Paddy Gil- more. 3 