IN IMMINENT PERIL ON THE DEEP. (concluded.) "The sound was repeated. Without knowing what I did, I turned. I beard what sounded lihe wordd; I saw in the fog the stern of a vessel, with a man above it, shouting to me through a speakingbran) pet. I do not know what happened next, my mind must have become confused. When I regained my senses, Miss Minturn, old Mr. Mint urn, &»d the maid were standing by me. The man had stopped shouting from his trumpet, and a boat was being lowered from the other ship. In about ten minutes there were half a dozen men on board of us, all in the uniform of the British navy. I was stiff enough now, and felt myself from top to toe a regular marine in the service of my country. I stepped up to the officer in command and touched my cap. " He looked at me and my companions in surprise, and then glancing along the deck, said, ' What has happened to this vessel? Who iB in command?' I informed him that, strictly speaking, no one was in command, but that I represented the captain, officers, and crew of this steamer,, the' General Brooks, from San Francisco to Calcutta, and I then proceeded to tell him the whole story of our misfortunes; and concluded by tellirg the officer, that if we had not moved since bis vessel bad come in sight, it was probably because the Water-devil had let go of us, and was preparing to make fast to the other ship; and therefore it would be advisable for us all to get on board his vessel, and steam away as quickly as " The Englishmen looked at me in amazement. * Drunk"!' ejaculated the officer I had addressed. * Cracked, I should say,' suggested another. ' Now,' spoke up Mr. Minium, ' I do not understand what I have just heard,' he said. ' What ib a Water-devil 1 I am astounded.' ' You never said a word of this to me!' exclaimed Miss Minturn. ' Tou never told me that we were in the grasp of a Water-devil, and that tbat was the reason the captain and the crew ran away.' ' No,' said I,' I never divulged the dreadful danger we were in. I allowed you to believe that we were in the influence of a current, and that the shocks we felt were the sudden twists of that current. The terrible truth I kept to myself. Not for worlds would I have made known to a tenderly nurtured lady, to her invalid father, and devoted servant what might have crushed their souls, driven them to the borders of frenzy; in which case the relief which has now conje to us would have been of no avail 1 "The officer stood and sfcered steadily we, ' I declare,' he paid,' you d© not look like a crazy man At what time did ^ia Water-devil bpgin to take you iu . _ • ^Yesterday mowing,' J answeW 'And he stopped during last nightf he asked. I replied that that was the case. Then be took off bis csp, rubbed his head, and stood silent for a minute. 1 We'll loofc into this matter!' he suddenly exclaimed, and turning, he and his party left us to ourselves. The boat was now sent. back with a message to the English vessel, and tbe officers and men who remained scattered themselves over our steamer, examining the engine-room, hold, and every pari of her. " I was very much opposed to all this deloy, for although the Englishmen mighfc doubt the existence of the Water-devil, X saw no reason to do so, and in any case I was anxious to be on the Bafe side by getting away as soon as possible ; but, of course, British officers would not be advised by me, and as I was getting very hungry I went down to breakfast. I ate this meat alone, for my fallow-passengers seemed to have no desire for food. " I cannot tell all that happened during the next hour, for, to tell tbe truth, I did not understand everything that was done, The boat passed several times between the two vessels, bringing over a number of men—two of them scientific fellows, I think. Another was a diver, whose sub* marine suit and air-pumping machines came over with him. He was lowered over the Bide, and after he bad been down about 15 minutes he was hauled up again, and down below was the greatest hammering aud hauling tbat ever you heard. The General Brooks was put in charge of an officer and some men; a sail was hoisted to keep her in band, so tbat she wouldn't drift into the other ship; and in the insist of ail the rowdy-dow we were told that if we liked we laiflht go on board the English vessel immediately. " Miss Minturn and her party instantly accepted this invitation, and although under ordinary circumstances I would have remained to see for myseif what these people found out, I felt a relief in the thought of leaving that vessel which is impossible for me to express, and I got into the boat with the others. " We were treated very handsomely oa board the English vessel, which was a mall steamship, at that time in the employment of the British Government. I told m^ story at least half a dozen times, sometimes to the officers and sometimes to the men, and whether they believed me or not, I don't think anyone ever created a greater sensation with a story of tbe sea. " In an hoar or so the officer in charge of the operations on the General Brooks came aboard. As he passed me od his way to the captain, he said, ' We found your Water-devil, my man.' «And he truly had us in tow T I cried. ' Yes, you are perfectly correct,' he said, and went on to make his report to the captain." 1 Now, then," said tbe blacksmith, " I suppose we are going to get to the pint, Wbat did be report V " I didn't hear bis report," said the marine, " but everybody soon knew what had happened to our unlucky vessel, and I can give you the whole stery of it. The General Brooks sailed from San Francisco to Calcutta, with a cargo of stored electricity, contained in large, strongly made boxes. This I knew nothing about, not being iu the habit of inquiring into cargoea. Well, in some way or other, whieh I donl understand, not being a scientific man myself, a magnetic connection was formed between these boxes, and also, if I got the story straight, between them and the iron hull of our vessel, so that it became, in fact, an enormouB floating magnet, one of the biggest things of the kind on record. I have an idea that this magnetic condition was the cause of the trouble to our machinery ; every separate part of it was probably turned to a magnet, and they all stuck together." " Mr. Cardly," said Mr. Harberry to the school-master, " I do not suppose you have given much attention to the study of commerce, and therefore are sot prepared to give us any information in regard to stored electricity as an article of export from this country; but perhaps you can tell us what stored electricity is, and how it is put into boxes." "In regard to the transportation," answered tbe school-master, speaking a little slowly, "of encased electricity potency, I cannot " ' " Ob, bless me," interrupted the marina, " that is all simple enough; you can store electricity and sead it all over th,e weild, if you like; .in places like Calcutta I tfciuk it must be cheaper to buy it than to inske it. They use it as a motive power for seeing machines, appleparers, ,and it can be «eed in a lot of ways, suoh as digging posterities art oUmaiag tatta, M l electricity in a box is all used up all you have to do is to connect a fresh box with your machinery, and there you are, ready to start again. There was nothing strange about onr cargo. It w»s the electricity leaking out and uniting itself and the iron ship into a sort of conglomerate magnet that was out of the way." " Mr. Cattily," said Mr. Harberry," if an iron ship were magnetised in that manner wouldn't it have a deranging effect upoD the needle of the compass ?" The marine did not give the schoolmaster time to make answer. " Generally speaking" said he, "that sort of thing would interfere with keeping the vessel on its proper course, but with us it didn't make any difference at all. The greater pait of the ship was in front of the binnacle where they keep the compass, and so the needle naturally pointed that way, and as we were going north before a south wind, it was all right. " Being a floating magnet, of course, did not prevent our sailing, so we went along well enough until we came to longitude 90deg., latitude 15deg. north. Now it so happened that a telegraphic eable which had been laid down by the Btitieh Government to establish communication between Madras and Rangoon, had broken some time before, and not very far from this point. " Mow you can see for yourselves that when an enormouB mass of magnetic iron, in the shape of the General Brooks, came flailing along there, the pait of that cable which lay under us was so attracted by such a powerfal and irresistible free that its broken end raised itself from the bottom of the bay and reached upward uutil it touched our ship, when it laid itself alorg oar keel, to which it instantly became fastened as firmly as if had been bolted and riveted there. Then, as the rest of this part of the cable was on the bottom of the bay all the way to Madpas, of course we had to stop; that's simple enough. That's the way the Water-devil held us fast in one spot for two days. "The British Government determined not to repair this broken cable, but to take it up and lay down a better one; so they chartered a large steamer, and fitted her up with engines, and a big drum that th6yuse for that sort of thing, and set her to work to wind up the Madras end of the broken cable. She had been at this business a good while before we were caught by the other end, and when they got near enough to us for their engines to be able to take op the slack from the bottom between us and them, then, of course they pulled upon us, and we began to move. And when they lay to for the night, and stopped the winding business, of course we stopped, and the stretch of cable between the two ships had no effect upon us, except when the big mail steamer happened to move this way or that, as they kept her head to the wind; and that's the way we lay quiet all night except when we got our shocks. " When they set the dram going again in the morning, it wasn't long before they wound us near enough for them to see us, which they would have done sooner if my lights hadn't gone oat so early in the evening." " And that," said the blacksmith, with a somewhat severe expression on his face, " is that all you have to tell about your wonderful Water-deul ?" " All!" said the marine; "I should Bay it was quite enough, and nothing could be more wonderful than what happened. A Water-devil is one of two things; he is real, or he's not real. If he's not real, he's no more than an ordinaiy spook or ghost, and is not to be practically considered. If he's real, then he's an alive , animal, and can be put in a class with other animals, and described in books, because even if nobody sees him, the scientific men know how be must be constructed^ and then he's no more than a great many other wonderful things, which we can see alive, stuffed or in plaster casts. " But if you want to put your mind upon something wonderful, just think of a snake-like rope of wire, fiveor six hundred miles long, lying down at the very bottom of the great Bay of Bengal, with no more life in it than there is in a ten-penny nail. "Then imagine that long, dead wire snake to be suddenly filled with life, and to know that there was something far up above it, on the surface of the water, that it wants to reach up and touch. Think of St lifting and flapping its broken end, and then imagine it raising, yard after yard of itself, Tip and up, through the solemn "water, more and more of it lifting itself from the bottom, curling itself backward »nd forward; as it rises' higher and higher, jftnttt at last, vith a sodden jump that most 'have ripped a mile or more ot it from the bottom, it claps its end against the thing it wants to touch, and which it can neither see, nor hear, nor smell, but which it knows is there. Could there be anything in this world more wonderful than that ? "And then, if that isn't enough of a wonder, think of the Eaugoon end of that cable squirming and wriggling and stretching itself out toward our ship, but not being able to reach us on account of a want of slack ; just as alive as the Madras part of the cable, and just as savage and frantic to get up to us and lay hold of us ; and then, after our vessel had been gradually pulled away from it, think of this other part getting weaker and weaker, minute by minute, uutil it falU flat on the bay, as dead as any other iron thing 1" The marine ceased to speak, and Mrs. Fryker heaved a sigh. " It makes me shiver to think of all that down so deep," she said \ "but I must say I am disappointed." " In what way ?" asked the marine. "A Water- devil," said she, "as big as six whales, and with a funnelly mouth to suck in people, is different; but, of coarse, after all, it was better as it was." " Look here," said the blacksmith, " what became of the girl ? I wanted her finished up long ago, and you haven't done it yet." "Miss Minturn, you mean," said the marine. " Well, there is not much to say about her. . Things happened in the usual way. When the danger was all over, when she had other people to depend upon besides me, and we were on board a fine steamer, with a lot of handsomely dressed naval officers, and going comfortably to Madras, of course she thought no more of the humble sea-soldier who once stood between her and—nobody knew what. In fact the only time she spoke to me after we got on board the English steamer, she made me feel, although she didn't say it in words, that she was not at all obliged to me fcr supposing that she would have been scared to death if I had told her about the Water-devil." " I suppose," said the blacksmith, " by the time you got back to your ship you had overstayed your leave of absence a good while. Did your captain let you off when you told him this story of the new-fashioned Water-devil?" The marine smiled. "I never went back to the Apache," he said. " When I arrived at Madras I found that she had sailed from Calcutta. It was, of course, useless for me to endeavor to follow her, and I therefore concluded to give up the marine service for a time and go into another line of busiuess. about which it is too late to tell you now." " Mr. Cardly," said Mr. Harberry to the school-master, " have you ever read that the British Government has a sub-marine cable from Madras to Rangoon ?' The marine took it upon himself to answer this question. " The cabie of which I spoke to you," he said, " was taken up, as I told you, and I never heard that another one was laid. Bat it is getting late, and I think I will go to bed; I have a long walk before me to-morrow." So saying he rose, but his pipe upon the mantel-piece, and bade the company good- i night. As he did so he fixed his eyes on the blacksmith's daughter, but that young lady did not look at him; she was busy reading the weekly newspaper, which her father had left upon the table. Mr. Harberry now rose, preparatory to going home, and as he buttoned up his coat, he looked from one to another of the little group and remarked, " I have often heard that marines are a class of men who are considere'd as fit subjects to tell tough stories, but it strikes me that the time has come when the tables are beginning to be' turned." When the Governor of Oandahar was at Cnaman lately, one of the railway officials there tffired to show him over the tunnel. " Sihib," replied his Excellency," I think not. When you English put a bullet through a man's cheat, do you ever invite his friends to come and see the fine hole it has made 1" Tbe sea covers 146 millions of square miles of the earth's eurface, and consists of about 96*47 per cent, of wa'er and3 53 per cent, of salts. The amount of the principal salts, each as chloride of eoriium or common salt, In the whole of the ocean water is enormous, and would probably suffice to cover the entire earth to a depth of 10ft. It has always been generally believed that snow keeps the ground warm, but no very accurate data on the subject have hitherto been forthcoming. Accordingly it is interesting,to learn, from observations recently made at Katherinenburg, that, at a depth of J4in., the .aoil when covered with 2 ft, of enow wfts JOdeg. warmer than at the eurtace, 