Burnie Notes; (nv EOBIVASSIEIlO A young man named Samuel Barker, a resident of Burnie, died onMonday afternoon, from the effects of an accident on Tuesday, 7th July,- by the wheel of a cart passing over his right leg below the knee, causing severe wound. Dr Armitage, who was unremitting in his attention to the patient, at first thought that the injuries would not prove fatal, but Barker was in .a weak state of health, and blood-poisoning and low fever ensued. Tile children of the Burnie State School will give an entertainment to-night iii- the Town Hall, miller the'able coniluetbrslifp of Mr Burtou, the able head teacher, which is an ample criterion- that we may expect an enjoyable entertainment.' Oil- .Saturday cvciling next the members, of the Dlveistoue Anlateur Operatic Company' will produce I lie— Pirates of Penzance" in the Town1 Hull, tlie proceeds of both performances will1 be in aid Of the fuhds of that institute. There' is no appearance of tlie s.s. Flora from Melbourne, it is feared that the heavy floods in the Yarra will- cause n delay in leaving Melbourne.' Mr Ellcry, Government' Astronomer in \ ictoria,' predicts that the stormv weather experienced in Victoria will pass over Tas mania, the barometer has been steadily rising all this week, it is to be hoped Mr Ellcry .will he wrong. Burnio, loth July, -18111;- We quite endorse the following clipped from an American exchange, and trust that It wiil be laid to heart by that section of the community whose conscience require prodd ing up occasionally iu regard tet their treat ment of tin; local prckrf. -'The grcaf c'st fiiil you cau givo your newspaper is job print ing ; if you do hot feel able to riln an ad vertisement, surely you Can afford to give the newspaper your cards, dodgers, billheads, letterheads, and envelopes to' print. The newspaper ln-.in needs' it, and it helps him to pay his printer for setting lip tliit thousand and one free notices he gives you and yoiir town ; but don't give it to the printer or job' printing office' that can give yo'd no such return and is spending neither time, money nor brains iii trying to lielp you build yo'iif town. Tlie time may ctfmc when a news paper can live simply upon tho revenue derived froin advertising arid subscription!!, but no ordinary newspaper in an ordinary town cau exist witho'ut the auxiliary sup port derived from job p'rinting. Therefore,' if you want a goodincwspapcr — one that can still further help you and your town, give it your job p'rinting." Tiie . Society of Associated Iron- moulders of .Scotland has just completed its jubilee (says the Edinburgh Scots man), and its record is, if not unique',- nt least one of the most erediinhle in the history of trades .unions. Though tho society was ostablishc d iii 1831 l't is only from 18-11 that a record of its operations' is available. One seeks in vain' hi its accounts for great sums squandered on reckless disputes' With employers'. While exercising a jealoiis guardianship over the interes'fs of their fellows; its' .officials hare long recognised that much . fii'ore was to De gained Dy mutual conciliation and arruirgcm'cht than by resort to strikes, which' p'roVe .uvoI'C or loSs1 harm ful .to both sides. , The exiollin't spirit which animates the executive is reflected on the following passage — -"As" we hare said on many occasions, we again repeat it here — extremes should be avoided, as they only engender bad feeliug and mis trust. Conferences between ofnployers nfid employed we will continue to' work for, as they give evidence of n true Christian spirit,- without which there enn bo no good relations, and onr desire is to prove more arid more evert day tlint to succeed there must bo thought nndreas'on behind force, and everything' to endure must rest upon the cornerstone of jus tice." A-s might be expected in tlie case of nn institution? conducted off snob Admirable lines,- provident benelits have formed the chief features of its operations, as a few figures' will show.- For the' 50 years the net income amounted to £451,(181 tliore were paid to members unemployed, £248,708 ; forfunerhls and accident.'?, £10,-48 ;' as' superannuation to aged members',- £41,829 ; leiit to necessitous members, £5494 ;' salaries and' delegations, £20,1 30 ; rent, Station ery, printing, pbstngos, &c.;, £23,G78 ;' and miscellaneous,- iniludin'g" pltrchii'so'of property And repnymont 6f loans, £39, 828V Th'C close of tho half-ccWtury's operations- finds tlib society viith a balnn'Ce' of £25,491, exclusive of pro perty and assets in the office. This sum averages £4 2s Sd per' member. Such x record is creditable to trades unionism'. A society conducted ns t'his" oti'e has" been,- not. OUly deserves to prosper) but also merits the cordial .co- operation, ami assistance of the employers in the' in dustry ns" well1 ns" the sympathy of the pnblie'.- How to pick out a Wifej (bv Joair Bfi.LiSOs.)' , Find a girl tlint iy, 19 years old last May, about the right higlit, with a blue eye and' Jark'-brbwn hair and whito tedthV Let the' girl be goijd to' look at,- not tob phond of mitBik, a- firm' beloavcr in' ghosts, and one ov six children' in' the same' family.- Look well tew the kafivcter ov her father.;' site that pe is not rj mCniber ov enny klub, cloli'.t bbt orr clecksliun's, and gits' shaved nt ldhst 3 timCs a-weck. Find1 olit nlf abbb't Per' mother) see if slte'Btfz got a' heap' ovv cbWmbh-sehse; stbddy Well hbr likes and' dislikes,' eat Sum bV her hum-made, blend and apple dumplin's, nitlisff whether' shfe abti'zes all her riUhbrs, and1 don't fail tCw observe whether' her' dresses tire last year's ones fixt ovCrl Tf j'oit are satisfied that the mother would miikc the right kind ov a- mother- in-law yu lean safely konkludo that the' da'uter would make the right kind- of a' wife.- After these . prelimlnhlys' are all settled and yu' have dono' a' renzonable amouiit of sparking ask tho' young lady for her heart and liahd, and if sho refuses yu ltnn' konsidor yourself euchered. If, on tlie contrary, sho should' say yeS, git married at onee, witlibut any fuss' and feathers, and proceed- to take' the chances. I say take the chances, tor there nint no resipee fpr'a perfekt.wifb ciiiiy more than thare iii- for a peffekt ll'usblnid. ThaYe'fz- juht az meiiny good Wifcs'az thare iz- good husbands, aiid i never knew two- people',- married or single', who were determined tew make tliemselfs agreeable to each- btlicr, but What thCy sukeecded.- Name'yui'e'rtldest boy sum1 good stout name, not after sum hero,- bdt should tho first boy be' a' girl, i ask it az a favor tew nib' that yu knul- her Rebekkcr. I; do want snin: ov thcin good', old- fashioned, tuff girl names revived and' extended. m-i-e's an advertising axiom', accep table' by unanimous vote of biikiuess to test-proof- :: The newpaper is tlie main trunk of advertising, all-else'are brunches dependent upon the trunk for support. Every reader of a'paptr'does not read overy advertisement,- rior does ho see every ndvcrtisctnbnt,' but it is fair to pre sume that a well-worded and fair-sized) advertisement in any publication will reach- tho eye of about 75 per cent of the' ) readers, most of whom may be possibly -customers. 