THE LIGHTHOUSE AT YOUGHAL BY KATHABINE TYNAN. AT Youghal by the sea The lighthouse lights the dark; Streaming through rain and murk Over the angry sea. The Atlantic breakers roar, With curled crests, like a bull; « Or the long rollers roll, Sapping the doomed shore. ' Here in the long ago The white nuns kept the light; Climbing the stairs by night To set its star aglow. And many an old sea-king, Tracking upon the sea HiB enemy's argosy, Hath marked, uncovering. And bid his anger cease, And let his enemy sail Under the radiance pale Into the harbour's peace. At Toughal by the sea, No more the white nuns are Keepers of the kind star That lights the perilous sea. But still through scud and foam, And over the shrieking gull, The light streams yellow and full, Crying," Come home, come home!" Oh, but the call is plain To many a mariner, Far from the home, and her Who sets a light i' the pane 1 Thus will spent sailors' sight, Scourged with relentlesB seas, Praise God for lighthouses And sing a song in the night. And when their sails of snow Drop o'er the round world's rim, They watch, with eyes grown dim, The lighthouse last to go. Out in the sea-shadows Are birds, or ghosts may be: Drowned sailors home from sea, Or the nuns' souls—who knows ? Perhaps revisiting The light they kept so well. Nay, over storm and swell The shrieking gulls take wing. At Toughal by the sea The living hail this star. Safe in God's harbours are The dead—yea, well and free! IN the division on Mr. Gladstone's BeligiouB Disabilities Removal Bill the minority in favour of the bill was mainly composed of Liberals and Home Rulers, including Mr. Parnell, but it also inoluded Viscount Cranborne (son of Lord Salisbury), Sir John Pope Hennessy, and Mr. De Lisle, Conservatives. Amongst the Liberal Unionists who voted in favour of the bill were Lord Wolmer, Sir Henry James, Mr. Courtney, and Mr. Joseph Chamberlain. That manly and courageous Catholic, the Home Secretary, did not take part in the division, and Lord Hartington and Mr. Heneage also abstained from voting. Mr. Goschen voted in the maj ority against the bill. SOUND ADVICE TO FEMALES.—Women, as a general rale, are more apt to suffer with lassitude, debility, and nervousness than men. In lieu of consulting the family physician, much trouble and inconvenience could be saved by taking a simple prescription, which Is always feasible, and will inprove efficacious. Let them try {Jonum. Be son yon obtain Wotfe'* SCFAWAW,—[AIWT.] 