CRUMBS. Ebby wroth. Poor Parsons. Disastrous frosts. Balfour promoted. Bolting from responsibility. American milhonare suicided. Tobacco-twisters on the twist. Dillon and Bungebah nowhere. To cruoify him is to canonize him. He would like to posers a martyr. Moonta miners still on the wallaby. Mushrooms cropping up in October. No tear of the Smith harvest failing. Mrs. W. H. Smith created a peeress. Bunny on the brain again in Marble Hall. It is no use trying to browbeat Mr. Pater. A humane man pities the lassoed bullocks. , A comparative outsider won the great race." ] Influenza has the advantage of Parliament.t Booth scare spreading. Loafers indignant. 1 j The Police Magistrate is a man of character. Choking a restive steed is not horsemanship. Farkes retired to see bow the cat will jump. Fanoy a woman whose head speaks when cut off! The favourites went down in the Caulfield Cup. La grippe still reducing Victorian popula tion. Another blow to titles—-Germans trading in M.L.C. Copley not yet convalescent; brain mixed. La grippe has a particular weakness for men of mark. Australians should be Quakers in the matter of titles. Boss Farkes will bring the Labour Party to its knees. First-class funerals abundant in.Victoria un fortunately. The Great Berry has to sing berry little, and come home. i Young married woman frightened to death by a snake. Cameton crops damaged by frosts are being cut for hay. Sir Henry Parkes has no intention of going to England. Not much scope for poetry, Mr. Lindsay, in your report. The babyish side of Unionism—boycotting helpless women. What the labour party want more than funds is a capable leader. Adelaide's merchant prinoes want a direct line to Broken Hill. Fruit from the Devil's Half-acre harvested in the Police Court. , He would dearly love to be mistaken for a | man of importance. Influenza affeots the temper as well as the brain, eh, Mr. Copley. ! The Legislative Council perceived the trail of the Chief Secretary. Mr. J. M. Solomon, the well-known lawyer, is down with influenza. Port Pirie men began building up a strike ] before counting the cost. First chapter of the latest and probably the last exploring expedition. If one could only hear the dead march it would be worth dying for. That nice gentleman, Mr. Justin McCarthy, ■ is playing a waiting game. : The influenza has actually had the cheek to invade Government House. " Irreconcilable condition of mind." Not | usually called by that name. " Competition was the root of all evil.'' So is love the source of all misery. What a calamity it would be if the Crumb man were to have the influenza. Western Australia has a great deal of J vacuum, and is likely to keep it. It is not safe to reokon upon the bushels till : they are in the merchants' hands. It took six policemen to capture a snake in the cemetery but they ran him in. "An infuriated populace.let loose on the pilgrims." That's the Holy Father. Kirkpatrick well- up on the water question. He interviewed the milkmen lately. The Chamber of Manufactures was on the J scent of a new industry on Saturday. Good many blockers going to grow cotton so that memory may be kept ever green. Cowboys generally get a tide hanging on to a cow's tail rather than on horseback. Some of Saturday's scores—Haldane, 131; G. Giffen, 5; Lyons. 1; W. Giffen, 0, We have got the salt, but we lack the free dom to trade with it over the borders. Pilot Ayers has to ngvigate the Council | through stormy seas and amidst rocks. It is getting too thin to shift responsibility for utterances by blaming the reporter. Government confessed to the orime of being accessories after the fact to an act of grace. Sir Henry invited the Labour party to insnlt him so that he would go out of office betimes. Kirk did not think there would be so much bother about that letter to which he signed his name. ■ What went ye out for to see ? A reed blown with winds. Then its name was not T. £. Pater. Plucky David Lindsay without a grumble will promptly resume his battle with the desert. A good stockrider can equal a ocwhoy bar the lasso, and he can beat him in stockwhip science. Mr. Aeli objects to proceed in political matters on anonymous letters from even electors. ,., All good citizens must stand shoulder to \- shoulder and demand impartial administration ^Snglestax lectures conducted on philan thropic principles—no charge exoept a single tax on the hearers. 'There are some disputants who should be tied together by the heels and pegged on to a line at-the North Pole. . Will globetrotters be prevented from enter; iug South Australia under the undesirable immigrants' legislation ? _ New Zealand Premier is employing invective against the Junto of Tories, a not Chilian name for. the nominee Council. • "Gone for ever" the money whioh has to be dribbled through the medium of lawyers'hands out of Paris Law Courta. • If a man cannot gain a point on his neigh bour in any other way, he will make secrets and be his master in mystery. If races were less frequent many would be deprived of conversation upon the only topic about which they know anything. Horses don't want the whip Norwood way, as there's a violin on the warpath at most street comers, middles, and ends. Judging by the samples of popular election in "Parliament, Australia is far from ripe for appointment of Judges by ballot. Mark Masonry—the Crumbman always un derstood that blue masonry was mark masonry so far as the viotim was concerned. A grand pad lasting work may be done through teaching the Tittle children of Aus tralia to do daily deeds, of kindness. '' A combination of members of Parliament to affect the administration of justice—would it come within the law of .conspiracy ?" If the British investor takes his gospel from the St. James's Gazette, he will want New South Wales occupied with British troope. Register critic rather rough upon "that learned crank, King James "the Superstitious," and Professor Anderson's burnt-cork man. ' Awkward when an interruption affects a carefully prepared speech to the extent of making one wonder what he iB standing there fori Next Union idea will be not to work when its too hot or when its too cold, or when it rains or when it doesn't." That's satire but scarcely fair. Mr. Aiigas need not feel surprised at Chinese being objected to in the Northern Territory when our owu people won't let each other work. Who knows but what an effective Australian Court mighty not have an influence on the American tariff in favour of the bounding kan garoo? A number of Members of Parliament have gone up North to study the country and the water question. They can learn much on both matters. Strike idea seemed to commend itself to Leigh's Creek miners as being better than the coal idea. Directors' idea to give them the sack; O, dear. It is at a time of political and commercial crisis that the newspaper man is enabled to discover bow many outsiders know best how to run a paper. Will South Australia, who boasts of being generations advance of her neighbours in law reform, be proud of the exhibition of the perennial insolvent ? If one offers another sterling value for his money he will generally doubt the value of the investment, yet will beg or borrow to go into a sweep which a sweep is palming off. Mayor Cohen said he would make arrange ments for a visit of the Council to the Para field Cemetery at an early date. It is to be hoped they will not all remain there. No gamo was ever yet worth a rap For rational men to play, Into which no accident, no mishap Could possibly find its way. Horse, cart, and harness sold lately for 22s. Softly ; or else some globetrotter will be mentioning the fact iu an English magazine as an instance of the cheapness of things colo nial.' The miileniuni has got as for as Boston. A correspondent of the Globe in thatcity contends that a man can live on thirteen cents a day, while a woman can dress for forty dollars a year. The man who suggested that influenza might interfere with the business of the country, at the same time insinuated that members would shirk out of anything to which no pay was attached. Unionist shearers engaged in the "great work of the emancipation of labour," so says their circular; but non-Unionists ditto aiding capitalists in "unrighteous schemes against workers." The London Echo gives the following:— Cargo of a steamer bound for the west coast of Africa—14 Protestant missionaries, 400 tons of gunpowder, 11 cases of gin, and 10,000 casks of rum. Birthday greetings to Mr. James Malcolm, ! of Gladstone Park, Wallaroo, son of the late Mr. Alexander Malcolm, one of our early and enterprising colonists, born in Adelaide October 19, 1845, The Victorian Literary Societies' Union have arranged for an intercolonial competition i for a manuscript magazine open to all Socie tiosa affiliated with the Literary Societies' Unions of Australasian colonies. A Persian General wrote to Lyrsande, the chief of the Lacedemonians:—"If I enter Greece I shall put all the inhabitants to the sword and lay the town in ashes," Lysander pent back a despatch containing the single word Perhaps the best tribute to the memory of a departed pastor is that "with high mental endowments were united the kindliest Chris tian virtues," referring to the late Rev. Dr. Nisli, Presbyterian minister, of Bendigo, Vic toria. The Lancet repeats the statement which was made a short time ago that the adoption of the electric light at the London Post-office in place of gae has been followed by a large diminution in the amount of sick leave required by the employes. "The Labour party is supremo throughout the Australasian Colonies, and there can be no hope of sound administration while that supre macy lasts. The question that remains is— Will knot supremacy be overthrown before it meets its natural death in bankruptcy?" Bo says the would-be smart John Fortesoue. According to Mr. Adams, the Australians are "cruel with the cruelty of "tigers." "The Australian youth from back street or up country feels the murderous desire to shoot or stab or rush upon bis antagonist rather than to spar up and strike him with the fist." This general slander iB not worthy of serious refutation. Little Elsie hung about her mamma's visitor all day with her lips shut very tight, and sometimes with her hand over her mouth. "What is it, Elsie?" the visitor at lasb enquired. Elsie unlocked her lips. "Mamma Baid I musb keep my month ehut. She's orfle 'fraid I shall tell you that Uncle Arthur has to Bleep on the floor while you are here." South Australian native names suitable for boats'Yootiekah means the music of the rippling water or the noise made by a canoe going against the stream: Tarooki, seagull; Pinangol, large gull; Parangal, pelican Murlong, Bandy beach; Nirioha, the wind; NoonkoLar, a Buark; Mareela, mullet; Con goola, may fish; Mooreindee, sailing along; Peedanee, to swim strongly. Mr. Christie Murray in the Contemporary says "South Australia is the model colony, being dearer of insolvency, drunkenness,-and crime than the mother country itself.r It is: droll to see how little account' her biro more 1 populous sister colonies-take of her." Mel-; bourne and Sydney, vote Adelaide slow; and: the Victorian and New South Welshman; deride the South Australian for his want ofi dash and vigour." , The New Commercial Industry. —: First' Drummer—I am representing the Thunderbolt. Rain-producing Company; oar showersdast' two hours and twenty minutes, and wemake h. sample shower free of charge!- Second'[ Drummer—Let me take your order, sir, for the Aquarius Artificial Rain-making Com pany ; our rain is superior to anything in the market, and we give a silk umbrella and a pair of overshoes with.every shower.—21r.F.'j Puck. i Canadian editors are not all soft soap, \ for the. Editor , of the Marquette Poporlcr has recently been in a .great way about, the Salvation Army marching out before 7,. o'clock in the morning. . It diBturbs his peaceful slumbers! Crumbman once thought that editors neither slumbered nor slept, but he has now been convinced of the error. But " peace ful slumbers!" What a luoky editor he must be whose dreams are not disturbed by appari tions of "the devil," sounds of falling "pi," and unearthly clamours for "more oopy" and "proofs." An odd birthday custom prevails in the Presbyterian places of worship at Minnea polis. On each Sunday after a birthday the person who Ms. completed another year goes solemnly up to the missionary box and in full sight of the congregation'drops in the number of cents equal to his or her age. Now the ladies of Minneapolis were for a long time displeased at having to divulge that greatest of all great secrets.. But now they have hit upon the ingenious expedient of dropping a dollar (100 cents) in the oox, knowing that the congregation will not believe they have com pleted thecentury. Fax.—When you were a good little fellow and Went to school and studied English history, and ' didn't tako the first prize, you may remember that you were taught how Athelstan was the grandson of Alfred the Great, and how at. the age of thirty he suc ceeded his father, Edward the Elder, in 925. Well, that old historian, what's his name, you ) know, in his "Chronicles of tlie Kings of England," writes" Athalstan, the first King of the English, bountiful, wise, and. affable, ascended the throne October 16. 925, at the age of thirty. He was distinguished by the titles of "Conqueror" and "Truthful," and left behind him a name of great renown, respected and beloved both at home and abroad. His bailiffs were ordered under severe penalties to support a pauper of English extraction on every two of their farms (half a pauper on each farm!). In his person he was of slouder habit and average stature. His hair, which was yellow, he wore in ringlets, entwined with -threads of gold. Such characters are like wholesome green ! spots to rest upon and cross ourselves ; we I are repaid for our tedious research, and seem to inhale their fragrance." Yes; and you know, my son, what the grand old Book says | of "the memory of the just," don't youl Fax.—How would our ladies like to be dodged about the streets by Police- constable X when they went a shopping ? Well, you know, sumptuary laws have been passed lots of times. About 500 years B.C. Zaleucus ordained that no woman should go attended by more than one maid in 'the street unless she (the woman), I suppose, was drunk; and that she should not wear gold er embroidered apparel. Then, again, excess in dress was re strained by law in the reign of Edward IV., and a hundred years later they tried it on again while good Queen Bess sat upon the throne. But now, just fanoy you met at a picnio party or in the Aroade a masher acquaintance bedizened thusly. It is not a fancy costume worn at a fancy-dress ball, but that of a courtier whom Elizabeth herself delighted to honour, viz.. Sir Walter Raleigh. "He wore a white satin-pinked vest, close sleeved to the wrist, and over the body a brown doublet .finely flowered and embroidered with pearls. In the feather of his Mt a large ruby, and pearl drop atjthe bottom of the sprig in place of a button. His breeohes, with his stockings and ribbon garters, fringed at the ends, ail white, and buff shoes, which on great Court days were so gorgeously covered with precious stones as to exceed the value of £6,600, and he had a suit of armour of solid j silver, with sword and belt blazing with .dia monds, rubies, and pearls." Fax.—Once upon a time, in days of yore long before the Flood (of 1875), tbere was a ] member of our Legislature who, -being a tanner, was in the habit of 6aying, when treated to a little wholesome chaff. " Go on— . go on; I am not thin-skinned." But, talking , about thin-skinned animals, what Mve yon to | say to the following extractThe whale, which belongs to the mammalia, no doubt holds the palm for thickness of skill. At some parts of its body the skin is only 2 m. thick, but in many places its pelt is fully 2 ft. in thickness ! The skin of the whale is the substance usually known as blubber, and in a large specimen will weigh altogether more than 30 tons. The distinction of being the thickest-skinned quadruped belongs to the Indian rhinoceros, "whose hide has a knotty or granulated surface, and is so impenetrable as to resist the musket. So stiff ana hard is this skin that were it not divided by croasos or folds the animal imprisoned in its armour could scarcely move. It is manufactured into leather of great strength and durability, and targets and shields arc made of it that are absolutely proof agaiii6t darts or sword-strokes. The skin of the hippopotamus runs that of the rhinoceros very closely as regards thickness. When dried is is also used for shields, vkioh are highly prized." TJiero now ! Fax.—You have, I suppose, often heard of the November showers of meteors. They were described by Humboldt nearly 100 years ago; but then, you see, they recur only three times - in a century, and at those times only on or about the 13th of November. But this is what' a South Carolina planter tells us of the shower of 1833:—" I was suddenly awaked by the most ] distressing cries that ever fell on mv ears. - Shrieks of horror and cries for mercy I could' bear , from most of the negroes of the three -j plantations, amountingin aUtoaboutCOOo^SOO. ; While earnestly listening to the cause I Heard j a faint voice near the door calling my naure. I rose, and taking my sword stood at the door. At this moment I heard the samo voice still ; beseeching me to rise, and saying 'O, my God, the world is on fire!' I then opened the door, ! and it is difficult to say which excited me most —the awfulness of the scene or the distressed cries of the negroes. Upwards of 100 lay pros trate on the ground, some speechless, some with the bitterest cries, but with their hands raised imploring God to save the world and them. The scene was truly awful, for never did rain fall muoh thicker than the meteors fell towards the earth—east, west, north, and south it was the same." N.B.—The next shower is due in 1899. Look out ? | Fax.—Will true Britons ever torget the Battle of Trafalgar, or Britannia cease to jnourn "o'er Nelsons tomb with silent grief .oppressed ?" It is now just eighty-six years Ago this 21st of October that tHat famous Battle was fought "for England, home, and beautyand this is what Southey, in his "life of Nelson,"has to say of him:—"He cannot be said to havefallen prematurely whose work was done, nor ought he to be lamented who died so full of honours and at the height of human fame. The most triumphant death is that of the martyr; the most awful, that of the. martyred patriot; tho most splendid, that of the hero in the hour of victory; and if the chariot and the hones of fire had been vouoh eafed to Nelson's translation he could eoaroely have departed in a brighter olaze of glory." Does any man desire a more eloquent eulogium pronounced at his funeral obsequies ? I trow not. Fax.—You may talk till you are hoarse about old daddiea Parr and Jenkins living to a great age, but what do yon think of the longevity of the respectable members. of the vegetable kingdom ? You know Jonah's gonrd "grew up in a night and perished in a night," but just look at the following list. " List, list, O list." A mushroom will live for a week. Some plants germinate, grow to maturity, and die in a month. 'Some enjoy their "flowery spring, their ardent - summer s strength, their sober autumn - fading.. into age," and then. cut their, stick. Others are bien , nials. ■ Many maintain their ground for scores of yeare. .The Arabs say that -.the date palm does not give up the ghost till it ,haa,enjoyed .300 "happy returns of the day" . that it first. saw the light. v. Some of the Brazi lian .coeoanut palms Ate: known, to defy the • I'lKingiOf Terrow" for fiQO years. There is :.DOW .oeatj Eeisley, in Scotland, an oak old enough ito -rememoer the glpriee of Bannock i.burn; ; Sonie -of the oedara of Lebanon are sup poeedto have been f arad vanoed towards matn •rityuwhen .Solomon iwas^a baby. . Adanaon computes the age'.of certain. baobab trees of Afrioa at - 6000 years, and Humboldt believes tl, Uruoana Draco of Tenerifie to be one of the oldest inhabitants of the world. . .. Bat bear In mind when choosing what yon weir, " The far that warms a monarch warmed a bear." 