THE BED GHOST DANCE. THE WEIRD, EANATIO&Ii; PKEPABA TIONS FOB THE INDIAN MESSIAH. {From the New York World of .November 2,] The snake dance of the Moqoi Indian*, the Btrapge nun dance of the northern tribes, the ross dsnce of the hostile*, and the psaoe daaee with which sosee tribes of men ratify their trta-Mee Lave all been described. Toe weird Short dance with which the Sionx aadSaoB Bices »re cow celebrating what they bekeve to be tbe eppi&ash; of the Indian mjgeninm b&s; never been deeoribed, for thexeuoo pro bably that it b*s never 3h»h witnessed by* __wbite man And is ths present feeling among tbe pdwerf 61~ bands encamped here and at Boeebad, »-? well as farther to the west and north, in Colorado and Montana, it ia doubtful if any white man known to have seen a gaost dance would live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the reEorreotion o! all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And tbe power to work oat this tremendous coBBUmmatitm is to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Bed Saviour, reported months ago to have come dowa from the happy hunting grounds and lig ted on the top of a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana ia the wild country on the borders of the National Park. That mnch alarm is felt by the white men hese&bouts-whoraideretand; the matter is ebowa by the gravity with which the situation is dis cussed. Toe Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living is their cabins and tepees, and pursuing their cas tomary loafing and visits to tbe agenojr build ings, act as though under a jpell. The Indian sgento theniEelvea, who are in the nuwncarefal »ud experienced men oat here, look BeriouB when asked thair views ot the situation^ Ex Agent Charles F. Jordan, now lioessetl trader atBoaetrad', looked troubled when asked, the attitudes of Ogalalla Sioux, into w*iich band he married, and in which he hold* the rank of ' White Chief.' He said the Indiana were Mb brothers and bo were the whites, and he hoped for peace. Bat he did not quiet the fears of my informant, who succeeded last evening in getting a glimpse of a ghost dance ie progress at the big camp, several miles from this aeency, where the most fanatical apostles of the new Mppainh are said to have made their appearance, The fcitoation at the famous Standing Bock Agency where Sitting Bull has been endeavor ing to nice a revolt on the strength of the promised aid ot the New Messiah is even more serious than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agent Mclaughlin has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on the general dis affection, showing the alarming exteat to which it prevails. Sitting Boll and Kicking Horse, the great Sioux pro pbet, are about equally responsible for it. They predict the arrival of tbe Red Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new noes in March, 1691, It ib E»id that Bad Cloud, (he ablest and wisest of fill tbe Sioux chiefs, revealed tha plot to McLaufchlin. Sitting Bull, who has long been incapacitated 'by illness'- from active ctuetiain ship, bas regained his strength, and is ferociously desirous of a war against tbe ' pala faces.' He points to hit warlike feats on the battlefield of the Little Big Horn, where Cutter and his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of SOD avengers, mostly young bucks, whom he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowiog aooonntB of the resto ration of tbe Sioux nation to its supremacy in the north-west, Hib bravea rely on his pro mise that all the dead Sioux will rwe from thsir graves, and that their numbers, with these ra inforctnientp, will be amply sufficient to drive ont and ' wipe out ' the white man even were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this tetter, f com the Great Spirit himself. Kicking Horse goes ao far a3 to eay that be has made a personal visit to the happy hunViBg grounds through a 'hole in tbe cloud*,' and that he there beheld untold thousands of red warriors all in arar paint, armed w-.th their ianoea and bows »nd arrows, and anoicted with a mysterious oil which rentiers their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to sboiF fignt. But Kicking Hone professes to beiieve tbo* the white man will be ao over awed by the numbers of tbe returning braves tbos tbf y will retire without violence. Sitting BnlL who represents the irreoon cU&blee;, as Red Gland does the 'progressive' Indiana, is Bopposed to be the cbieT whom the Great Spirit will commieeion to lead the red men to vietowy, la tbe wake of their triom pbent progress the grass will grow waist-high and tbe prairies be thick with buffalo and antelope. The «to» that Sitting BuU haa been under the epiritnaliatio influence of a ' Mrs. G. Weldon. of Brooklyn,' who came here to see him in 1889. and has had «ommanio»tion with tbe great spirit through her is believed to bs without foundation, Tbe ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they sre now ntedted on earth to help the remnant of their people exterminate the whites and ceize their own again. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the return ing braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the white men, who are all to die when the Messiah makes his appearance, are -mourned in advance in the dirge movement of the efaast, which is part of the ghost dancs, teems bard to surmise. But tbe wild ?trains, which my inionnaatfa half-breed instructor mthefse ghostly mysteries aaid lentolcl the red tten'e final tefnmph, vexB, aesording to hw description, oBrtafatfjr renMBOM ^BOOgb to tfttiify tbf wflderttWBJMttoa lover. Tbe camp ih\e ftiecdly h&ifbreed; led hia white ofiDttpsiaion to epy upon ie ia a hollow Et»»OEude-i by low bare hills. From sumaiitto soremiE acroES tbi; valley woald petbaps be a mile. Tbe waggons of the bravea — many ot them aB farmers aud freighters now bav6 their horfes and wspgons — ar^ corralled ic the centre of the valley, A ftinpe of tecta skirts the borders of tbe oanjp, and a ecore oc bo of paicttd t^pep? are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old eqnaws and bucks, who have never given in to '* propreaBive' notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The cxeu, bells and cows, pigs and osickene ieeued to tbeee Tcdians by the Government for brecdiDg purposes— for ia the eye of the law iroEt of them are f arrcera— have been driven into tbe v&l;)ey also, Rtid sre lariated or coaped on tbe outekitts of the camp, where they ate being killed »ad eaten at s rapid rate, Tbe attxoEpfcere was dank and murky when, two cichts ago, my halt-breed! friend eat oat fcr tbe camp. After an bout's laborious walk, and after orosEing a m&ri-hy; plain, the top of the bill to tbe west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. 'The lights of the camp fires, o» wbich tbe evesiiae e^esjI had beea cooked, were gradually aliowed to die out, asd several eld fqaatrs could plainly ba feen movia^iaand out among tbe derkeniep embers. About' three hundred yards east of ttse foot of tbe bill on which the spies were seated ia a clamp of stunted evereteens w&s; &b; opec space, of aa acre in extect, towards vbicb tbe eqaawa eeenaed now Targiog, now driving the rest of tbe band. Aioaad the enter rial of this open space fires were ki&dUd; of wood that seemed to have been smudged, &e; there was little or no flame, only a dull red clow and a profuse pale grey smoke, which, rising from all sides at occe, formed a sort of canopy over the scene, through this cloud by fits and starts the old EquawB could be seen forming the warriors in rows eronnd tbe eastern edge of the expanse, with the. youcpes backs and BquawB ia rows behind them. The warriors in the front rows were kneeling, the equaws behind them tifc ting, and the yoacger books standing behind tfaprn, Iben tbe old f qoawa retired to the western edge of tbe open grennd, where they were careened from observation by the bosh, acd remained oat of eight foe about ten t&inntes.; Dcring this time the picture was wild and imprEEEi^e in an nnusual degree. Seen by the tmouldetiae light; of tbe fires built in & long t}vs.\ about 40 ft. in front ol the line, the warriors, with their women and children be hind them, knelt or eat end stood in absolute silence. They were all waitiner— just what for the bait breed on the hill didn't know. When a fire would burn np too bright and OLornisate too clearly the solemn groups sear itj a eqnaw -would go and pull the fsgote 6W&J6; from the co&?s nnd subdue the fifrrcee. When the old sqnawa returned they joined hands and knelt dovrc to the centre of tbe open. They begau chanting what sounded at fittt like & (Jenth socg, \\-a£ sow asd sjzain gwtiJed into savagely triumphast yells. Tha emoke only started at iaten als aud while the cba&t; was coieg- on, bat while the strange e«ce w&s; ehnt from view the warriorfs advanced from the racke and, joining hands in a larger circle ftionnd the old squaws, began tbe gbost d&Dce;, Their chant was less shrill than that started by the squaws and was not so plainly beard, A portion of it seemed It»mei-t&tion; for their dead ; then came tha invocation to tbe dead to arise and came faeJp theii bretfareu esteimiaats the whits Cj so. The eqnewa bad not beea observed to leave tbe circle, they had formed, but as the warriora1 chant Bweiled into what tbe half-breed said was the invocation to the departed Sioux to come back to earth, the old hs#s, one by one, eto'e like shadows under the linked arms or the braves, e-Mih with a burning stick in h6r shrivelled band, the light from which fell with grey pb&ttliiseEE; on tier paxted face. This li^hi for the first time made visible tc the watchers the {aces of tbe braves themselves, asd it was now seen that they were in fall war P&JJit.; TEE BIG CHIEF AKD AGENT; The old women passed through the cirols like a prooeeeion cf BpectreH, each carrying & taper of grave-wax to light her uuaaooBtotned feet over tbe rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wild perfor mance looked like from ths hilltop, and before tbe proceeBioD bad more than half passed thiocgh the circle the smoke grew bo thick and the oicnde above the valley so dense thai the belf-breed epy declared the immediate neses sifycf a return to the ageticy. Enough had been seen of the fihoet dance, which had then barely begon, fcr report says it lasts well iato tbe aoriiing, and indeed till everybody osn cected with it is exhausted, to bring oat clearly at leas.fc one eigcifiiant fact. And that xr&B; tb*t the bucks bad war paint on their faces. ?ixere is txa. sere xoax sse Jiormong axe en couraging the iColorado, Montana, Utah, and l&sho; IndiacB to look forward to the extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all the white nets in authority — except tbe Mormons — when tbe Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians wfeo may have come horn the West, and may even claim' to have been in the immediate vioiniry cf tbe n6w Messiah, have recently j-iaed the Sioux at those agencies is indis P&fable.; They are spoken of as apostles of ?ie new religion, and it la by their advice' that ?he Zadians have gathered i&to; camps, given np votb of all kinds and gone to eating, prayiag, EiBgit-g and dancing — until the MiUenoiam comes. APOSTLES OF 1HE K2W OBKED, The excitement began among tbe Sioux of tbe great council of the Sioux cation, held about the middle of September, on Bad River, some IS miles above Fierrej 3. Dak. White seen were excluded from the council, just as they ate frosi the ceremonies in the camp; ia tiue vicinity, but a very well informed gentle aen, named W. T. Tomkins, who has ridden in pursuance of hiB boeioesB during the past lew weeks through a great deal of the Sioux country, Bays that this fanatical mania which seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red --asn is the direct result of the exhortations of the Jsdisn emisssriea from Montana, where the MesBiah wsb eud first to bave been seen last spring. Who in the East had sapposed that tbia strange agitation about a Messiah bad reached euch & pitch amotsg the Eed men that smissa riee were aota&Uy; dispatched many hondreds of xcileB from one tribe to another to urge them to icfcfce ready for the appearance of taeir 'Eedeemer!' And who has yet beard this Indian Messiah's creed? Its main article is the belief that the preeeBt surface of the North American conti nent will be covered 30 ft, deep by a sew stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indians only, and ba thick with game as were theptfthieB before the whitem&noame.; Beneath this sew stratum the white maa and his cities atdfeis railroads and hia steamboats ana his civilisation shall be buried, in the twinkling of an eye, and the new world shall be as if it had never known him. or at least as it wag 300 years ago. Bat tbe Indians—and here is a strange thing — shall not b6 whelmed in the general rain. They will be endowed with a supernatural strength to wrestte with the difficulties of the occasion, and will squirm through tbe sew toil until, alter vnooh labor and many fears and lamentations, the Bed man ehall at last struggle oat to the tew enrface of the new earth where they will find grass waist high and immense herds of bufi&lo;, antelope, and wild horses ready at hand] There is something touching in this hsppy restoration. To reach it the red man must pass tbxough hia purgatory— the new earth stratum. No pale f ace will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of theEe Elysian Fields, oar will tbe game die oat or be driven away. Visions of these veritable Happy Hunting Grounds aro eeen in the ghost dance by the warrior*, who spin around in » religious delirium until they f All in a trance. In this trance toe ghosta of tbe dead braves and departed cbielB are ssiato come and tell them of tbe new gloriea to ciown the ted man. Tfcia by same is stud to give its nsme to tbe decee. QKNEEAI, IKniAN DISTOEBAKCBS. The outbrt&k; of tbe White River Utes, who b»ve left tbe reservation ia Utah and gone iato Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part ot a general uprieiog preliminary to the appt&Tsnce; in the flet-h of the Indian Messiah, It is kcowr- that the Nez Pereea neat Mullen, Idebo, to tbe couber of 400, bave appeared in a band at that town and presented a formal de mand that the whites leave the country, 'to which they have no title.' These are the same ; Vez Fercee who took part in the massacre of 1877\. They are dispatiefiai with their reserva tion at L&Pivia;, and &re; eaid to threaten again to overrun that vaet stretoh of northern Idaho known ae Oamaa Prairie. Tbe excitement among the Oheyecies, Kiowbf, and Ocmasches is scaroely lees. Cip tain Trimbleton, of the Seventh Umted States Cavalry, commandant at Fort SUI: is known to bave declared within » few wetfe* th&t; in hia opinion 'the greatest Indian uprising of resent tines is certain to come soon,' as 'the Indiana bave got tbe idea that the Great Medicine Man is coming to wipe out the whiteB and restore to there the ownership of the country.' Oap^ata Trircbkton is known as a man of experience and discretion. His declaration that the 6.000 Indians about Fort Sill bave renounced Christianity and entered upon a series of inaaa tations and fanatical orgies is certainly worthy cf note. Whether or sot the Government should double the frontier garriaona is a question for the Government to decide. ABB THB SIODX BTABVIKQ? The opinion in this part of Dakota is that the Sioux bave been so badly treated by the Government lately tbat their disaffection bs-3 mnsh to justify it. The settlers along the edgeB of tbe great Sioux reservation are an donntedly alarmed. These axe the faots, to which there is aban »st teetimo ny, on which it is said the Sioux ake oat a strong ease in equity against Udsle MB. In Jane, 1889, the Sioax signed a treaty or the ceeiion of a part of their rt*etvati-m to tbe Government. They have not reoeived one { c?Jit of the conBideration das them for that oes tion, General Crook was with the connniasioa that secured their signatures to the treaty; General Crook bad beeu their conqueror, and ' fifterwaidfc their benefactor and friend. They knew bins and believed ia him, and there is no doubt tbat it was oraittg very largely to 'his in floence tbat the treaty was ratified. It was General Orook who promiged tha Siodx tbat the Gavernmeot would pay them in iull and promptly for their lands, and that their rights should bb reepeoted. The Sioux b»ve bees repeatedly deceived by agents of the United States Government, notably when the attempt, that so nearly resulted (in 1878} ia war, wae made to remove then: by force to the Missouri River, but they trusted Crook. Now tbat Orook ie dead the cbiefs say that his Go vernment haa failed absolutely to carry oat his promiees^ Tbe recent cecses at Rosebud Agency and here was grovely inaccurate, my informant de clert e. The number ot Indians was cannted down instead of properly enumerated, and aa ft result tbeir allowance of rations has been greatly Hatted, Owifg to the delay ia the passage fay Gan giess of the Indian Appropriation Bill not only tbe Sionx, but ths Indians of the entire country have been sccJ sre suffering for food. It ia dow October, and tbe supplies due ia July b&ve; Ref. yet been e«nt cat to them, As a re sult the? Htten all the more eagerly to the etoisR&riGS; «?ho bave oome from that part of Mecfftca wb-=re tiie Messiah is said to have bee e Etien, The idea of aa uppraaohing milen cinn and the extiootion of the whitss renders the ret ervaticn Iudiaae all the more willing to c&t; their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls; and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies— Pine Ridpe and Roaebad— are receiving sc&icely; anytbinp at all, even under the reduced ceneus apportionment, instead of the full rations they are entitled to. All this time since July the Government sap plies out bere have been of oouree diminishing. There will soon be nothing st all on hand to feed tbe Indians except scanty rations of beef. Suppose, 88 has been the case in the past, extra rations of beef were issued to take the place of tbe rations of flour, &c; , for which there is now do material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the boBf ateo would give out. It i& useless to attempt to reason with starving Indi&PF;, especially wben the mys terious apostles from Montana and Utah have FQcceeded. in convincing hundreds of the Sioax that when tbe Mesgia-b appears their struggle for their rights will at last be crowned with EuCceBE, and the bzied whites &cd; the lying Gcvernment agents will be punished as they deserve. Why should they and their ohildren starve in a lsod of plenty 1 Indeed, a taae officiaiiy acquainted with the Sioux for 25 ye&te; eaid to gl-c yesterday — 'Broken trratiep, delayed appropriatioDB, and religions frenzy have combined 'to make the Iewans fee! that the mrorat has come to. the worntr acd ths6 even if uo Messiah oajce they might ss well die fightiag, with tbc-ir wives and children arou&d; tbeca, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that owes them a livicg and has abcad&ct; meaus to pay tbat debt were it so disposed. By the very failure to deliver them their supplies in Jaly, *h«-n they were dne, the Government has as a JsBfc stroke oc crnsiiy deprived the Sioux of the opportunity to e&rn; mosey by freighting these supplies, There was sothing to' bauL bo they bfive been deprived not only of their Govein mect food, but of almost their only opportunity tc zn&ke; money enough to buy food elsewhere.' 