GENERAL BOOTH * IN i • : AUSTRALIA. * AT Tim EXHIBITION BUILDING. THE GENERAL'S ADDRESS. General Booth, on rising, was greeted . with prolonged cheering. He said;-— Brother officers, .comrades, and friends of all denominations Who 'give us their aym - pathy, and those whom It? may be difficult to describe at all, to- night has proved' to me that, if I was not aware of the fact before that we have friends, I was laboring under a grievous mistake; but the reception that has been given to me U.far greater than I could have anticipated, and must sustain ine in the work that lias to be upheld. I take the welcome to be this: that thearmy has a large number of friends who are outside our borders, and I hope their number will be increased stall more. I had, however, better make a statement before I begin to speak, and say that I am not going to speak to- night. (Laughter.) At least, at any great length. I am not going to speak to tare you. (No, uo.) If you are uot tired, then I must say that I atu (Laughter.) I will say, while my friends see me here, that I have come from the old country at a time when my friends there did not think I could lie spared- at a time when I may be required to j-ive 1 my advice on a pressing matter, at a time when the grait work that has been established may require my immediate at ten tion, and my fellow-workers may require my advice when a great work may have to be brought forward in the interests if the many. I refer to the great reform work, and I hope it will be a far greater blessing than I have ever dreamed of. When I left England some malicious people said, "The General has the money and is off to Avstralia with it." I have come to Australia, but I have left the money behind. (Laughter.) It was thought in England when I left that I might be wanted in connection with a great scheme; but before leaving I set it going, and now I hope it will bring forward the heavenly work, the glorious result that I have hoped for. I was pleased to se*~ the scheme going, and when before lauding a telegram was handed to me on the boat among a lot of red-hot soldiers and religionists, that telegram told me that the work is progressing far better thau we had anticipated, and that the farm colony we established is prospering to the very utmost. I would like to go down upon my knees, I would like you nil to go down on your knees, and tliauk God for the scheme having succeeded like that. (Cheers.) A great many friends view the army through li eld-glasses from a distance, andean only see the General with a lot of vulgar pe.iple as his followers, but if they will only come a little nearer they will see a number of earnest men and women, great in faith, strong-hearted, aud full of the power of the Holy Ghost. I have at length got away, and now that I am here it was said that I would come to Australia for mouey, but your General for a long time saw he ought to make the trip. There was a lot of talking and writing and many delays; but here I am, and hope now that I am here that even greater good will come to some of you, and help the army to make better use of J"" 1 1 * P^eseut - ^ uot say the army one ^ here not done that you the cap good, will but fit rf he there can « put any it on. (Laughter.) I have come here to help you all, and may we have the blessing of the Great Power in our labour for the salvation of body and soul. I have come to see ray own people, for I love them. I love everybody, but my own people most, and they are the best of all. I love those who give us their sympathy, and I long to be of more good to them. I have spent 45 years of my life working for my people, and my. best time is wheu I see them meeting at the Cross. There are differences of opinion about my people. Some think them a questionable lot; some think them fanatics; but we are not all what that means. We are earnest, and chose who arc filled with the heavenly Spirit, and work in the will of Jehovah, should be red-hot; but that does not indicate the meut&l; condition that is called fanatical. God does still come down and move the work and spirit in holy men and holy women, as he did in all the time of Pentecost. I say to all who question our actions tliat we have our enthusiasm from the Divine Spirit. I tell them tc get the blessing of the Divine Spirit, so as to act to all round them with kindliness and forgiveness. I always ask those who feel that they arc filled with the Spirit, and believe they have revelations, to compare them with the old Book, and if they lind they are not the same then they must go, for the revelations of that Book they must abide by for all time. I will say to those who want to turn *' the right side uptliey must walk and talk, and live at homo and abroad, under the shadows of Divine love and the Holy Ghost. When we are called fanatics those who use the term do not mean all they say. We are en- thusiasts, and hope We will remain redhot in the work until the end. If it is of any use, it is the duty of all to be earnest, otherwise there is no eagerness in the work in making our people holy and true and amiable and beautiful in the sight of God. If the end of that zeal is to make as coo earnest, too eager, too red-hot in the service of the Lord, wecan find plenty of icebeigs round us, and it will be easy too cool off to a moderate temperature. Above all, let us be what people say we are. But people sometimes say that we ace fools, and are disturbers of die peace.. I won't say who are the fools, but we will disturb the peace of bad men ; for why should we allow anyone one to go down to bell without any effort to save him ? Why should we not stop or try to stop them intheir career * WbyshiMilda] man «ll<>w the wife., of his bosom, his children, or his friends ; a wife allow her faus'band or her little ones to go < dow to e% T erlasting misery without taking any step to save them ? They might,be sent to the great white throne and found nnyrepareiL These critics say a lot of other tilingsthatlcannot allude to just now; they have all sorts of Uotibns regarding us; A^.flo ««*iiftwd,to wjMng us,.J>ut they do not know the truth, and do not fknow what we really Are. : lonce read of ^ London minister who went into the Welsh mountains, antTwhile out walking " ' ijj»|i|m fjilH; Ae'tlfoifeht jy r«aw a ghost, but being a .good 'man and tiot afraid he ^ralked^toward^ the 'spectre 3to ascertain whit it .really- was. As he' ot nearer heJE<|pA|hejfiffig, of a man*' signified in the thick ifetajtfsptiere; As life drew 'stiU iicirer be 1 tw be^liwbrother, tyit ^ g j ^ f appWaki^ ortil^^^t^M^ i in the papers. I, of course, f jexcepfc ^lian papers, ^laughter.) If people I only came and investigate us, 1 they will find iu us brothers and Bisters, and wil kisa as and give us* £5-note to help OSJUfc f on Oie work. {kugbter.) , Ido carp iusome.rcspects wha(,our people may be P^^^^iJEfy ."^y have in their brains; their heads may be cranky and their hearts still full of holy love. 'When our otktidae fifen^ino* us better they will be tottffll to belpilhe **roiy, »»d bound to: lore ib- •• Bonis think .the members ofthe at*uy are. next l door « to devils, and others think that we arc angels ; but thetruCh is we are something between this two. (laughter.) I will admit that there are black sheep in our fold, and I will ask if there are no black sheep amongst otlier classes ; we all have our infirmities and our crosses, but wheu I say that about my people—they are still the very best that God lias on this earth, (Cheers.) If I thought there was a better body I would go thundering at itsdoor foradmission. But now that I have made that confession, any who think- my body is the best should at once join the army. I have come to see what the army is doing in Australia. I have heard and read a good deal about its work, its officers aud followers: but seeing is always better than hearing, so T thought I would like to come and have a look for myself. The army makes a man work : its members have to saVe souls. That is their business, aud when people have been saved they have to be luado soldiers of, and taught how to tight.. The anny does not leave the men to themselves; they send them out, and they have to report what they are doing. They have to go forth like the old French soldiers and conquer, or come aud be guillotined. I hope I won't find anyone in Australia who has to be guillotined. (Laughter. Those belonging to the army hare to be earnest aud industrious, and if they cannot catch their fish with one bait they must use another. They cannot be fishermen if they do not catch fish. While I am here I will see what is being done. I have heard what is being done, but there is nothing like seeing with your own eyes. You will observe that I have been beating about the bush, but I have conic that the members of the army may sec their General. It was ouly right that children should see their father. There has been a good deal of curiosity aroused iu connection with my visit. I believe one enterprising theatrical manager has made an offer through Commissioner Coombes to show me round the country. (Laughter.) My business is with the Salvation Army, and I trust my visit may be for God's work, for His glory, and for the benefit of the friends arouud me. God bless the friends ; Go cheering.)— d bless the army. (Continued " Daily Telegraph." 