liemmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight rung gloomily over tho endless dunes of eaad. The drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery to the oroken column of the temple ; not a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the beavens, or break the sonegess repose of the palm-dotted desert. The distaut river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous rclluotion of a lnmieous lilystar in a gently rippled lake. An opalescent mist crept like a ghost abovq the parched sands, and the peaceful spirit qe uilence seemed to reign until the rognip song of Memnon should break the pIe d spell. .tent The eternal Pyramnids frowned . tane in orders gray, a? toh .a the dian. like the Fath[bll in pray- . aca.ias bent pressed by the subtle P ., as though im. that was lonely Aed,. arm of the silence The heron esto' .jbroken,. as though sih .u in msjestio immobility, sedge thtr .rmed, emong the reeds and Npuwa arrounded their watery haunts. like .er of motionless palms were etched, \- sentinels, against the horizon, whose em was yet uncon?cious of the first faint kiss of dawn-whose folds and draperies of gray seemed awaiting the golden roses of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfect beauty. In the midst of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would make such a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, lMemnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the east for the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the accents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distance be hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of rose appeared, a breeze started across the burning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, and filled the ripplel air of midsummer with: " Is it hot enough for you ?" R. K. Mnvarrzn.n. His Name Chean.-" Miss l'rettygirl (eo itring subseriptions for some charity) ,ltrr Mr. Simpson, could . ,our name 'AO -? 6s ? '. . ,,: :':.. ." : ': : 