"THE HOLY TRINITY." (to the editor op the advertiser.) Sir,—I heard tho Kev A. S. 0 James preach on the above subject on Sunday evening last, and she-read "Student's" letter in reply thereto in your issui of yesterday, and was much amused at tho wide contrast between them. The orthodox exp'-sition was a* plain, logical, and convincing as tho heterodox defeuca was hazy, absurd, ami onn founding. I bV.ink tha • " Student" unnecessarily encronched usion the space of your oluimis in hi bluut attemp: to eulogise tl\e "irtues and abilities c.f tha rev gentleman, which formed the matter of qui:e half of his letter. Mr James does rot preach to ticklo the ears of the people, neither does h« seek popularity; the ona great desire and aim of his preaching buiop;—as he himself has expressed it—to convince men and women of the truth and to win them for Christ. I remember "Student' writing some time ago attacking a former discours deliverfd by Mr James, and ho was then eq-.ially eulogistic and at the same time ntji ruse, an3 musi hive been miserably discomfited by Mr J.inies' reply, since lie vanished into cbscn r;ty anl has not b-.'nn heard of since tiil this week, when with fev>,red brain and beclouded intellect he diffuses broaddsl oub of the fulness of his ijimense literary acquisitions and vast stores of knowledge, hi het'erodoxical view? of the Holy Trinity, and the niic'.cm of his Unitarian belief. "Student" says (mark tho appellation and his logic), "I bel-tve in the gentle Nazirene as sincerely as Mr.' James, but I df> n >t bwlicva khab Ha was God." Let us analyse thu assertion : What is it to believe in Christ? Tn the New Testament teaching, to believe in Christ is to receive, depend and rely upon Him forlife and salvation. "But as many a3 received Him, to them gave Ho pavver ta become the Sons of God. evrrj fn t'ueiii th\t believe on His name." ''Por God so loved tha world that He. gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should nob perish, but have averlastirg life." It then follows that if "Student" believe3 in Christ to salvation, and re^arcj* him as merely a man (for he must oitlior have b* en God or man) he <x\uat believe that a human being 13 a'f.lo ta forgive c'ur sins, and to give us eterna' life, for later on ho says, "in spirit we aro one in Christ Jesus," which iB utterly impossible, for while Mr James believes in Christ as the Son of God, and his personal Saviour — for " who can forgive sins but God only." " Student," although confessing ilim to bi» his Saviour be htoj in him only aa tho »on of mail- A(i Mr Jamn3 inter.d-s taking up the ''Deity af Christ"shortly, I will pass on by ray iner that if Christ be tho son of God, He musb be the cams in pubsistence, as the father, and, consequently, in essence, He cannot be other tlun God. Let us now look into "Student's" last obj>;otion : "The sacrifice of a third part of God to appe.ne tho other two thirds of God.'.' Kaw, it was not to appease tho wrs'jh God, that the Father sufTercc} IJia only bosattten Son to take uppn tlio form o? a man and suffer to die for tmn sins of men. It was love that designed, ex^cuti-d and completed the great hvman redemp^ tivo schems and impelled Chiist to leave His Father's side and the realms of cjlr.ry todwu'l on earth amid poverty :\nd suffering r.nd to submit to an !gnorpiMa;jS death that he might redocrn a lost and rqin;d_ warid. The word "trinitv"is derived from the JUatin adjeo'ive "trinus" ("three-fold," or "three in one"), and, although not used in Scripture, was invented and usod no early as the second century to expressthe doctrino by a single wcrd foe the sake of brevity and convenience. My eoucoption of "unity in trinity" as applied to the re demptiveDahomsmaybQillustrated bjr,btieir.cr.;£rni consisting of^ three partner^ c&u;&J; iu aftriiinistfra Hon and participation, anc^ one 3i'8h4''bran\Jh'buii SSiiiieu \apain,1; rato,!H''bad aild oonfused fciate, ths ' finite rosraWira to f<&(JjpaV<w3 restore it to its former condition, f jet us suppose this representative to be the sou of one of the 1 partners, by natural and business relations, he is ! equal to bis father, and tb« oth*r member, as i they all three constitute one firm. Tha Godhead is the great fountain, springing from the hills of eternity, dividing itself, into three streams, two flowing through celestial spheres, the other (the Son) fbwing through the polluted regions of the earth, purifying and cleaning in itB course, giving ; life to all that partake of its life giving streams. meeting again at the bounds of tim*, these three ; tributaries in one great stream, ft->w into the : ocean of eternity. Now, regarding the doctrine I itself, I cannot expre.-a myself better than in the ; language of two eminent theologians, "that in : the entire and undivid-d unity of the divine nature there is a Trinity of por^onal subihfences. | con-mbatantial, co equal and co- eternal (Dr. i Hannah ) " In other word.-?, thas the ' on^ divine nature exists under the per | ponal distinction of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" (Watson). God's names were chosen by, and are expres'ive of. Himself, the two principal being Jehovah and God. Tim former i-j God's I proper name, and clearly applies to thei Divine essence. This name is always singular, and may ba rendered " He who exists." The other name (Hebrew—Elobim) is plural, and plainly denotes a plurality of persons in the Godhead—"The Lord God:" Jehovah, Elohim. Yet l<Elohim/'though plural i3 almost invariably constructed with verbs and pronouns in the singular forma, excepting in a few remarkable instances, when the personalities of the Godhead arc designed to ba made promi nent, then Elohim is combined with plural verbs and pronouns:—"Let Us make man in OtJR im-xge." If the language is proper, there roust be plurality of persons in the Godhead, aird each person must be related to us as our Creator, In harmony with '.his the Son and the Holy Spirit are 8£fe forth in other parts of ^the sacred volume as^ united in the act of creation. Much more might be said ou this in^xbaustive and funda mental doctrime, but fearing undue intrusion with humble apologia', 1 will conclude by inti mating to " Student" that I am a Wesleyan local preacher, and therefore in no way connected with Mr James or h s church, and base my arguments on hi* remarks and the orthodox doctrine only. Greatly wonde.-ing what " Student's " couree cf study is, and whence his embryotic belief, iu the sincere hope that he will not again array his puny theological beliefs against a man of Mr James' abilities and afcandiner - -Yours etc.. ORTHODOX STUDENT. Long Gully, 29th .TnW. 