BALMAIN. AN INTERESTING PUBLICAN'S LETTER. Alderman ft. G. Davison, ot Loienlumlt, addressed an enthusiastic meeting of his supporters at Ileum's Baldfaced Stag l'nn, Pnrramatta-roud, Leiehhardt, last night, at which he read tho following letter received by him that day ; — I'rivatu and ct mlhlen liul.— Follow Licensed Vic tualler.;,— Tin; time h:u new arrive. 1 when ynti mint, rise up and defend ynur liberty and independence. Your very means "' livjlilmod depends mum the i '-an; of "this election ; for, if our opponents gain a majority, tiny have sworn a solemn obligation to their supporters to bring in a bill of audi a drast it; prohibitive character Unit will completed ruin us. .Now, hero in Mahiuin wo are riagularlv fort iniate, : a > o cannot have much difficulty in aeloctin.a a chain- : piou. There n but one man before na who has reti- j dcrrd us a . significant support, and that man is Frank i Smith. To him wo are deeply indebted and picd'a d : to support. Now. what \ie have to consider is not how ' many would support us (ii elected), but how many have any possible ehauee A solid vote for Smith would put him at the top of f.he poll, and as pernor member our lender in Liu; House would have more we'cht than he has hitherto held, and eouffderiivr that at the pic-uni! lime evcrv political dudee is brim: eveiviscd lo dc!ea . our man', we oiiyhL i.ol Lo run the risk of supporiinj; others, for he at this moment wants nil the support we can ! ami imut give him for the valuable aid be j has lvndel ed in the past. I have tlioucht , this matter over and have sunk all ipicntions of j iriendship with the other candidates to secure to us j the true ami stauimh champion of rmr cause. Hoping that my brother publicans will act. iu accord with I me,— I remain, y,ura earnestly, Phi:i»i;. A. A I.LKN, | President L. V. A. I Air. Allen and Air. Frank ftmith, at Air- ! I Davison's invitation, canto forward to ex- I plain but they were howled down. At the I conclusion of the candidate's address, in i which ho referred in complimentary terms ! to Air. Hawthorne's efforts for Leiehhardt, a hearty vote of confidence was accorded. The electors of Bahnain, at any rate so far as tho Leiehhardt portion of the electorate is concerned, showed evident signsof exhaustion j last night under the infliction of the past week's i speeches. Even Mr. Garrard, the old member | of tho district, was only confronted by an ' audience of moderate dimensions at tho | Leiehhardt Town- hall, and tho attitude of I those present, though cordial towards the ! candidate, was not far from apathetic in re gard to his speech. Solitary individuals who : cried "Hear, hear," in hollow tones at in consequent periods, were stared out of coun tenance by their neighbors, and immediately subsided into a modest silence, whilsbgcncral amffiuiso wao comparatively infrequent. I Air. Garrard dwelt upon the unfortunate division of parties which split the frcetrade vote with five candidates, whilst the protec tionists were wisely sending up only four, and the labor party the same number. His allusions to his own days of labor aroused sonic enthusiasm, and the candidate, in spite of a severe cold, spoke very much to the point, his .statement that "without blowing, he might honestly say that he had not a ghost of a fear that lie would fail to be re turned on the strength of his 11 years' ser vice V aroused the heartiest applause of tho evening. Air. B. James presided, and the vote of confidence was readily carried on the motion of Alcssrs. Flack and John Kent. During the interregnum between this meet ing and the next (Mr. Cropley's) two young fellows played the clown upon the plat- form, to the huge delight of the audience, and the appearance on tho stage of a genuine policeman seemed so like a part of the pantomino that the laughter was re doubled whilst tiie intruders were being ignominiously expelled. Mr. R. B. Cnoi'LEY, after apologising for the inevitable cold in crow-like tones which contrasted strangely with a decidedly cheerful and animated speech, was then in troduced to tho house by Air. A. Smith. He enforced the broad policy of electing a good all-round representative, and warned voters against returning candidates whoso motto was Labor v. Capital, instead of the more patriotic and statesmanlike device "Labor and Capital." The meeting was entirely friendly, and towards the end of tho evening tho ball was crowded. Mr. Ftiaxk J. ftmitir'smeetings were at the Leader Office, Bahnain, at the tail end of the evening, and at the Bald-faced Stag Hotel, Leiehhardt, at 8.30 p.m. Here about 100 persons assembled. As soon as the speaker began his address, which was prefaced by a brief introduction from Mr. J. II. Read, Mr. Smith reminded the electors of his hvc years' public life and of his long residence amongst them, and stated once again hi3 unalterable adherence to a frcetrade policy. He claimed that he represented the workers of the colony as much as any nominee of the labor party, and claimed that the labor candidates, inasmuch as they were nominated by a league in itself supported by only a small section of the whole community, could not fulfil their duties to their country as well as those workers who, like himself, were unhampered by secret pledges or by strong prejudices in favor of purely sido issues. Mr. Smith, who was suffering i'rom "candidate's sore-throat," was listened to in absolute silence. His views in favor of compensation on the liquor question evoked a few feeble " hear, hears," but the audience was not frantically excited. Mr. ft. H. Hyam addressed a fairly large audience at Cohen's Hotel, Bahnain, where his chief point wasan emphatic denial of the rumor t hat he had hunched with throe other candidates. He stated that whilst ho de precated plumping in his interests, yet he wished it understood that he stood entirely upon liis own merits. 