WHAT ARE DREAMS?. Br William A. Hammond, M.D. Although during sleep the operations of tlio senses are entirely suspended so far as ordinary impressions aro concerned, tlio purely animal fuuotions of tho body continue in notion. Thus the heart beats, tho lungs rosoiro. tho divestivo organs perform thoir proper offices, tho skin ox- halos vapor, and so on. But with tho brain and spinal cord tho caso is very difforcnt, for whilo somo ports retain tho property of rceeiving impressions or developing ideas, othors havo their actions diminished, exalted, porvertcd or altogether arrested. But though tho brain ns a whole is in a state of comparative torpor and mild excitations aro not appreciated, it is not to ho suppoaod that tlio organ is iu a utnto of completo reposo throughout all its parts. So far from suoh a condition cxist- ling tlioro are very decided proofs that soveral faculties are exercised to a dogrco almost equal ing that reached during wakefulness, and wo know that if the irritations mndo upon tho senses be sufficiently strong tlio biain does appreciate them and tho sleep is broken. This ability to bo readily aroused through tho senses constitutes ono of tho main diffeicnoce between sleep and stupor. To this foot that tho brain is not ontircly quiosoent during sloop tho possibility of dreams is due ; but as its enorgy is very greatly roduced its fuuetions ore performed in a manner very different and to a degree usually very muoh lower than that which exists during wakeful ness. 17c originate nothing in dreams. IVo may conceive of things which novor ex isted or of whioh wo have heard or read, but tho images wo make of them aro cither com posed of elements familiar to us, or elso aro based upon ideal representations whioh wo havo formed in our waking momentB. Thus, beforo tho discovery of America no Europeans over droamcd of American Indians for tho roason that nothing existed within their knowledge whioh could give any idea of the appearance of suoh human beings. It is possiblo that Colum bus and lii8 oompanions may have dreamed of tho continent of whioh thoy were in search and of its natives, but tho images formed of tho latter must necessarily have resembled other human beings they had seen or whioh they had heard described. Aftor the discovery, howover, it was no unusual thing for tho Spaniards anil others to havo correct images of Indians appear to them in their dreams. Dreams, therefore, must have a foundation, and this is either impressions made upon tho mind at some previous period or produced during slecep by bodily sensations. These im pressions, however they may bo formed, are sub jected to tho unrestrained influcuce of the imagination. At first sight it may seem that wo often havo dreams not excited by actual sensations, and whioh have no raiation to any event of our lives or any ideas which havo passed through our minds, but thorough investigation will invari ably reveal tho cxisteneo of an association bo- tween tho dreams and somo such idea or events. For instance, a few nights ago I dreamed that a gentleman, a friend of mine, had invented what he called a "dog cart ambulance," a voliiclo which ho declarod was tho best ever mado for the transportation of sick and wounded men. On awakening all the particulars were fresh in my mind, but I could not for some time per ceive why I had had suoh a dream. At last I rccollooted that the morning before a gentle man had given mo a very full description of 1'roapcct Park, in Brooklyn. Tlio friend of whom I dreamed has cliargo of tho con struction of this park. His prcsenco was tliercforo fully explnined, nnd as dog carts aro driven in parks, this link was also accounted for. The ambulance part was duo to tho faot that I had tliat samo morning found the card of a gentleman upon my tablo who really had in vented an ambulance. Tho imagination had therefore taken- those data supplied by the memory, and had combined them into the incon gruous web constituting my dream. ' . . Tho dependence of dreams upon ideas whioh wo have had when awake was well known to the nncionts and is referred to by several of their most distinguished writers. : Thus Lucretius declares that duning sleep, wo aro amused by things which havo mado us weep when awake; that oirciimstahocs whioh have pleased us aro raoaliod to 'our minds; that : objects are fircsonted to us whioh occupied our thoughts o'ng before ;' and that recent events appear Still more vividly beforo us. ; : : i . .. It is related of; an anciont tyrant .that one of his 'courtiers described to him a dream in whioh theoburtisr had assiisiltiatod hismnster.' "You could not," exolaimed the tyrant, "havo dreamed this. ' .without, i having previously thought of it," and .then ordered his immediate execution. " . . . ' ' Tliore is'no idoa of time in drcanis, ' and thus events that if roally 1 ocourrlng .would rcquiro several hoars or even years' for the completion roally ocoupy only a seoond '.or two of time in the dream. Thus: . I dreamed that I had takon passage in a steamboat 'from St. -Louis' to New Orleans. Among the passengers was a man who had all tbe appearance of being very ill with consump tion. Ho looked morelike a ghost than a living being, and . moved . noisclossiy among tho passengers, noticing no one, though attracting the attention of all. < For sevoral days nothing was said between him' and any. ono, till ono morning, as we approaohod Baton Rougo, he oamo to whoro, I was sitting on the guards anil began a conversation by asking me what timo it was. I took out my watob, when he instantly took it from my hand and opened it. " I, too, once had a watch,!' ho said, but soo what I am now," IVith those .words ho threw asido the largo oloak lie habitually wore, and I saw that his ribs woro' entirely bare of skin and flesh, He then took my watoh and, inserting it between his ribs,' said it would make a very good heart. Continuing his convorsatlon ho told me that he bad resolved to blow up the vessel the uoxt day, hut that. as I had been the' means of supplying him witli a. heart lie would savomylife. "Whon you hear the whistle- blow,"Jio' said, " jump overboard, for in an; instant afterward tho boat will, bo in atoms."' I thanked him, and lib left me. Ail that day and tho next I endeavored to acquaint my fellow passengors with the fate in store for thorn, but discovered that I had lost tho faculty of speoch. I tried to write, but found that my handB wore paralysed. In faot, I oould adopt no menus to warm tliem. Whilo I was making theso ineffectual offorts, I hoard the whistlo of tho ongine ; I rushed to tho sldo of tho boat to plunge ovorbonrd, nnd awoke. The whistlo of a steam saw mill noar my house hnd just begun to sound and had awakenod me. My whole dream had been excited by it, and oould not have occupied moto than a tew seconds. This shows how dreams may bo excited by impressions made upon tho senses. The follow ing instance is an interesting case in point : Several years ago I had an attack of erysipelas of the bead'angi face. It was slight, the pain was not severe, but it was sufficient to give rise to tho following dream : I dreamed that I was taking a cold bath, and that while thus engaged a Turk, armed with a pair of long pincers, came into tho room and began to pull tlio hair out of my head. I remonstrated, but was unahlo to offer any mnterial resistance, for tlio roason that tlio water in which I was lying suddenly froze, leav ing mo imbedded in a solid calco of ico. In order to f aoiiitato his opei ations, tlio Turk sponged my head with boiling wator, and then, finding tho use of the pincers rather slow work, shaved tho hair off with a red hot razor. He then rubbed an ointment on tho naked scalp, composed of sulphur, phosphorus and turpentine, to which he immediately applied fire. Taking me in his arms he rushed downstairs Into tho street, light ing ilia way with the flame from my burning head. - He had not gone far before he fell down in a fit, and in his struggles gave me a severe blow between tho eyes, which instantly deprived me of sight. When I awoke in tho morning I had a distinct recollection of this dream. Tho incidents were in part due to tho fact that I had, two or three days previously, been reading an account of tho insanity of Mahomet and of his being subject to attacks of epilepsy, Thus we see that dreams originate in circum- stances and events which are outside of our bodies, and that they are either exaggerations or distortions of thoughts that have occurred to us during the day, or are directly excited by impressions made upon our special senses. 