1 YW A GOODQ ShIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the goal ship " Mary Compton," of Bristol; England, was struggling with a fearful gale of the coast of North America. The wind blow furiously, but 'tho weather was clear, and the Captain 'expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the, Iron 'Rook 'Shoals. This llghthousa mnarked the entrante to the harbour. Onca there, and' they 'wore safe. Sure of his position, he sailed` on contidehtly. Five minures later the ship struck with a fearful chock 'and . went to pieces. : Four men, Inoluding the Captain, ' were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had ' happened, An 'enemy of the lighthotso keeper' had. bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. ' ' Souls, ase welleas'ships, steer by the lights., Hope is the most importont lighthouse In the 'wotld. What shall hbe said of the mad who darkens it in 'the face of the storm. tosed spirit? ' ' You are blyond hunar. aid," These words wore said by a physician to a womhid who had come to consult him. Admitting that ihe thought' so had he the right to say so? No'; for his might be wrong-and in any case he had no right to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. ther heart palpitated,' and she was so giddy, she' could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, " and," she s'id,"" all objects seemed to go into a cloud." 'She had to hold herself uip or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out In a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked bet frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. . ,' "I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says,"I was so weak. I tried, different remedies and medicines without avdil. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 'I have mixed you some meldicine; You can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in des. pair. " I talked witlh two other physicians. The last one said,' You are past himnasc aid," " My heart sank within me: for I had five little' children, and my death would leave them without o mother's love and care, I went homeo and cried till I was sick, 1 had no appetite and had lost Seals till I was as thir as sa ghosts . My mother came to see me and 'did not 'know me. My skin wasof a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seeraed to stick in mythroat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I, threw up was tinged with blood,. Once I began' to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday mornsing and scarcely got rest till Monday smorning, " At this tiseel I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I worked at Crawford's Mill, in East Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup? So I sent to; IrJessaon'se, the Chemist, in Great Oar7rsn Street, and got a-bottle.' low dbss stopped the vomittng, and by degrees from day to day I felt bettor, SBon I could cat a dry crust,, and by the time T bad got over all my..bad ymptoms, and we fast getting me streneht back. I ant n w (Apri, 1890,) in better health than evr ore in my life. "I should have taken Mther Seigel's COrative Syrup soener, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God Idid get it at last, and it cured me bad off as I was. All nay friends and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York.Road, Iseds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspelpsia, with symptons showing how far it had affected theo nervous system. A few months or possibly weeks more, and Lire Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did-wrong to wait one hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs Wilson. KEATING'S POWD1IV'" destmys BUGS, FLEAS MOTHS, BIIETLUS, and all other insects while quite harmlees to domestte animals. In extermination etles the success of thlst powder is extraordisary It is perfeootl clea n aplcatton. Boo the airteoleyos paurmease Is KIIATINO'8,as imitations are noxious sad inetffctual. Sold.in Tins, Gd, Is, and .ss cP, each, by all chulatsts. 