[?] chapter iii. — continued. " What do you think of her ?" Tre velyan asked his companion, care lessly ; " bewitching, eh ? Too young and pretty and clever, I think, for the life she has chosen." I here was no reply; surprised a little, he glanced around. Colonel Vernon sat like a man turned to stone — petrified with some unutterable amaze — staring aghast at the brilliant little soldier queen. There was an absolute horror in his pallid face and dilated eyes. " My dear fellow, for heaven's sake, what is it? Have you seen the Gor gon's head, that you sit there turning to stone?" But Vernon never answered — that thrill of horror or amaze held him fast. Trevelyan took him by the arm. "Wake up, Vernon? What the deuce ails you V' The cavalry officer turned his eyes slowly from the sparkling vision ablaze in the gaslight, and looked at his interrogator. "Good heavens!" he said, in a hushed, hoarse voice; "it is Julie Noirrey!" '.'Noirrey?" Trevelyan repeated. " So that is her name, is it, at last ? We all knew her as Ladybird, but until now her real name was a mystery. So she is a Canadienne, after all? I might have been sure of it, with those long, almond-shaped black eyes." But Vernon never heard him. His gaze had gone back to the audacious little Amazon queen, so brilliant and bright, before him. " It must be the child," he said, in the same hushed voice ; " but, great heavens ! how like her mother !" " Oho ?"- exclaimed Trevelyan, " so you knew her mother, my friend ! Now for Ladybird's history at last ! Really, this grows interest ing — mysterious as a sensation novel. And you knew the mother of the pretty Ladybird? Make a clean breast of the whole thing, dear boy." "Knew her mother?" Vernon repeated blandly. "Yes. Good heavens ! it is like seeing a ghost ! She is the living image of Julie Noirrey, as. I saw her first, 18 years . ago, my poor Julie ! " " Your poor Julie 1 " repeated Arthur Trevelyan, glancing at him with his indolent eyes. " And this is poor Julie's child ! Now, who the deuce, Colonel Vernon, was Ladybird's father ? " " Trevelyan 1 " exclaimed the soldier, paying no heed to a word he uttered, " do you know her ? Can I see her? I must see her, and to-night l " " Quite impossible, my dear sir — not to be thought of ! Ladybird wouldn't grant an audience to the Emperor of all the Russias after 10 at night." " Then I will send her a note. I tell you I must, and at once." . " Do, by all means, if you find it the slightest relief. It will serve to light the manager's cigar. He has orders to burn, unopened, all letters left for Ladybird behind the scenes. You see, my dear fellow, I know from painful experience." Vernon looked at him earnestly. He was strangely and deeply moved out of the stern calm that had grown second nature from long habit. Even now the momentary excitement was unit nic uuuwui'u quiei/uuo returning. " I regret that — no, I do not — I am _ glad she is so discreet. I can see her to-morrow, I suppose, and to-morrow will do. Meantime, Mr. Trevelyan, will you tell me all you know of " — he glanced at his bill — " tho Ladybird ?" " Undoubtedly — that all being very little. She is the Ladybird ; she is of French extraction — Canadian French, of course. She is a charm ing actress. She is only 17 years old, and as good as she is pretty. She has an old Frenchwoman living with her, going whithersoever she goes — a Madame Sanchey — a very dragon of propriety and all the virtues. I have never heard a breatli against the character of the little queen. She has no lovers — will not liste.n to a word, though her- adorers are legion. Her charities are numberless. She gives with both hands, and the sick in the hospitals here look upon her as an angel of light. So she is — to them. That is the history of the Ladybird." There was a very unwonted earnest ness in his face and voice as he spoke. The bright little actress had a far deeper hold upon him than ho knew. " Thank you," Colonel Vernon an swered, in a suppressed voice ; and under his . beard, tho.- keen ear bcsiclo him heard a fervent " Thank heaven !" " And now, mon colonel," Trevelyan asked, coolly, " one good turn deserves another. I have given you Ladybird's history — made you acquainted with all appertaining to her that I know. Now, my dear fellow, what is she to you ?" Tho blue eyes turned full and grave upon him. Tho calm voice answered, slowly and quietly : " She is my daughter 1" , chapter iv. FATHER AS(D LOVER. Little Ladybird, with a wholesome horror of hotels and boarding- houses for such bewitching fairies as herself, had a tiny bijou of a furnished cottage, in one of the quietest streets of the city. A little doll-house, snowy white, with a scrap of garden in front)- two lilac bushes its only vegetation, a mimic parlor and dining-room, and kitchen and chambers. Here with Madame Sanchey, her "sheepdog," a maid of all work, of the most diminu tive proportions, to match the estab lishment, her -canaries, her big Canadian wolf-hound, Lion, her books and her piano, Ladybird dwelt in her fairy chateau and entertained her friends. 1 hey were not many — the little actress made few intimacies. One or two of her female theatrical acquain tances, the manager, a few of her con valescent hospital patients, her dress maker, her -music teacher — these were the chief. There were very many callers, very many cards left — dashing young gentlemen drove up to the little front door by the dozen ; but Madame Sanchey's shrewd, brown nutcracker face, always imperturbably good- humored, barred the entrance, and madame's French cheery voice piped to these gay Lotharios ever but one refrain — " Mam'selle is not at home, mon sieur." , Mr. Arthur Trevelyan could have told youallabout it — he had been there, you see, more than once or twice or two dozen times ; but mademoiselle was never at home, although hier laughing, roguish face could be seen sparkling behind the lace curtains. In a low rocker, in her toy parlor, she lay back now, the bright morning sunlight streaming in between the curtains on the delicate carpet, her pretty, soft curls, so black, so silky, pushed from her temples, the morning paper lying idly on her lap. It was a cozy little room, with its profusion of books and birds and flowers and pictures. Lion lay crouohed at her feet, looking up with big, lazy, loving eyes, at the pretty childish face of his mistress. A fine and costly piano half tilled the room — Ladybird praobised assiduously — she played brilliantly and sang delightfully — music was with her a passion. It . was still hot 10, but Ladybird had been out, and in her street dress of black silk, a white band and knot of rosy ribbon at her throat, she looked- as much like a little nun as the dashing queen of last night. " Is it true," she was musing, with a very thoughtful brow, " or but a rumor, that he goes next week ? He was in his usual place last night, but he throw me no flowers. I wish — I wish — 1' wish I had never 3een his face. How happy I used to be, and now — all, bah — and now I'm a little fool." She opened tho paper impatiently, glanced over its items, and was ar rested in five minutes by one brief para graph. , " The many friends of Mr. Arthur 'Trevelyan will regret his speedy depar ture- for his native land. He leaves next Thursday; in the Canadia." That was all. The paper dropped in Ladybird's lap, and she sat staring blankly at the tireless, old-fashioned _grate. It was true, then— he was really going — going to her — going to his bride and his bridal. She sat for nearly an hour quite still, a little paler than her wont, but otherwise unmoved. Then, drawing out her watch, and seeing the hour, she rose, with a long, shivering breath, and rang the bell. Madame Sanchey, with her brown, ever-smiling face, ' appeared. " Mademoiselle rang ?" " Yes, madame. If Monsieur Tre- .velyan — you know him, I think ?- — calls to-day, admit him." ' She turned away, opened her piano, and, sitting down, played bravely and brilliantly for nearly another hour. ' Suddenly, through the storm of melody, she heard the ting-a-ling of the door bell. " Ah !" she said, with another long breath, " at last." The parlor door opened. It was Madame Sanchey, with a card and a puzzled face. " It is not M. Trevelyan, my dear — it is a grand, tall gentleman, pale and handsome, and military and distingue He has never been here before, and he bade mo givo you this. He must see you, he says." " Must ! " Ladybird arose, stately, from the piano. " Must ! — give me the card." She took it, glanced at the name, and turned white as death. For the name was " Reginald Vernon," and in pencil was written, " I saw you last night. You are Julie Noirrey's daughter. You know who I am. For your dead mother's sake I conjure you to see me." For her dead mother's sake. Had some magnetic witchery told him that that was the only adjuration she would not scornfully refuse ? She stood with the card in her hand, cold and white. "The gentleman waits, my child," madame said, puzzled .by her changing face; "shall I go- and send him away." Ladybird looked up. Her heart, that seemed to have stopped beating for an instant, sent the blood siiddenly surging back to her face. She reared her stately little head erect, her lips compressed, her eyes ominously sparkling and bright, "No. Show the gentleman in at once." Madame, considerably surprised, left the room to obey. Ladybird stood by the window, the card between her fingers, haughty as a young duchess. An instant later and the tall, stalwart form of Colonel Vernon towered in tho doorway, which he had to stoop his head to pass. And father and daughter stood face to face for the first time. He was quite white with .sup pressed feeling — she erect, superb, defiant ! And it was her clear, ring ing voice that first spoke — " Colonel Vernon does me an un expected honor ! I know he was in Quebec, but I hardly thought he would care to see me." " You knew, then, who I was ?" "Why, yes, monsieur," Ladybird said, carelessly ; " I suspected, I thought, that Colonel Reginald Vernon might be the Reginald Vernon who drove his wife and child from him 17 years ago. That was rather a dastardly act, although they say C.olonel Vernon fights well ; but physical prowess is often a villain's virtue !" " You knew me !" he repeated, slowly, paying no heed to her- stinging words. " You knew I was here — y.ou knew I was your father, and yet " Ladybird broke into a laugh — a low, bitter, derisive lauch. " What would monsieur have ! Was I to go to you, to fling my arms round your neck, to cry out, as we do on the stage, ' My long-lost father behold your child !' So devoted a husband — so tender a parent— surely deserved no less ! I have been cruelly ungrateful, have I not, M. le Colonel ? And you very properly came here to. chide me for my unfilial disrespect !" . "My child, how bitter you are ! Was it your mother taught you this 1" " My mother ?" Ladybird said, her mocking face turning upon liim, flushed and passionate. " My mother is an angel, and you are a demon ! You dare to take her name on your lips — you, who broke her heart, who drove her from you by your cruelty and neglect, who left her to starve, or beg, or die, as she chose with her child 1 You dare to come face to face with that child, grown a woman, an4 ask if her mother taught her to hate you. My mother was an angel, whose only fault was when she stooped to love you ! She never taught me to hate you ! No ; despite her deep and deadly wrongs, . she loved you, dastard and ingrate, to the last ! With her dying breath she forgave you — as I never shall !" The impetuous voice stopped, choked by its own passion. She was pacing to and fro now, like a little Pythoness, her eyes flashing, her cheeks aflame. Colonel Vernon, leaning lightly on the back of an arm chair, listened in regretful silence to the wild torrent of reproach; " My child," he said very gently, when she ceased, " you do me less than justice. You have a brave and gene rous heart, they tell me, and the brave and generous should be just. If your dead mother stood here before me I do nnh f.In" nlr clin nnulrl finv T ovnr -wilfullv wronged her in a word or deed in my life." " No," Ladybird said bitterly ; " oh, no, M. le Vernon ! You were too courteous a gentleman, too grand a seigneur, to use brute force to a woinan. You only married her, and broke her heart with your merciless coldness. You were only chillingly disdainful, and away up in the cloucTs above your bourgeois bride, or back with the lady you loved and left in your native land. You only drove her mad with vain love and jealousy, and when she left you — let her go !" "Ladybird," he said, "my daughter!" And at the word, uttered in that deep, melodious voice, the girl's face flushed, and her passionate heart throbbed. Will you not try and believe me ? As heaven hears and will judge me, I- never knew your mother was jealous — I never gave her cause to be so. From the hour she became my wife, I strove my best to make her happy. If I failed — and I did fail, it seems — it was because ours was -an ill-assorted union — the mingling of fire and ice. When she fled from me — for no cause, I solemnly swear, that I ever knew — I pursued, and strove to find her in vain. I continued the search for months, and only gave it up when tho conviction forced itself upon me that she had died a suicide's death. I remained with her parents whilst they -lived, and, for her sake, was' to them as a son. You say she was jealous. That was impossible. I do not think there was a woman in Montreal of whom she could be jealous that I knew even by name." "In Montreal!" Ladybird said, scornfully; who said in Montreal? No, my Lord Terence Tyrone, she was jealous of no woman in Montreal. Her rival was the — Lady Elvira." At the sound of the name so long unheard the man beside Ladybird started as though the ghost of his dead youth had risen before him. His face, pale before, blanched to a dead, startled white. The little actress saw, and laughed aloud. "I know, you see. No wonder Mon- siour Vernon, the teacher of English and mathematics, looked so like an exiled prince.. It came naturally. And>' 'l am the daughter of my Lord Earl of Lismore. Fine antecedents for the little Canadian actress. No, Lord Tyrone — Colonel Vernon — whichever you like — my mother feared no rival in Montreal. Her rival, who kept your heart from her, was far away in another land. None tho loss surely though was the work done, and her heart broken." Colonel Vernon listoned in pale amaze. But tho calm of long habit was back when he spoke. " How you have learned all this is a profound mystery to me. How yo.ur mother could ever have heard the name you have uttered is still a greater mystery. Certainly it was not from my lips. But all this is beside the question. Tho past is dead, let it rest. Whatever I have been, I am now, and will ever be, plain Reginald Vernon. I never was unkind, or unjust, or un faithful to your dead mother. I tried, to the best of my ability, to make her happy. If she had been a little more patient — waited a little longer— -all would have been well. You would have grown up to love me as a child should love its father. My daughter, I am a solitary — lonely man ; you, a little waif, afloat in a wicked world. Let us bury our dead past — let the future atono for all that is gone. Let me claim you as my child — give you my name and home. Already I love you — you will soon learn to love me. Ladybird, my daughter, come !" He opened his arms. She looked up in his face, glowing, earnest, 'noble, good. Her heart went out to him with a great bound, her color came and went — a mighty struggle rended her. She longed to throw herself into those pro tecting, fatherly arms, and sob her tired heart out on his breast. But the fierce, indomitable pride of the little fire brand held her back. ; (TO BE CONTINUED.) 