THE STORY-TELLER. *_ OUR GHOST PARTY. [Nevo YorTt World.) I.-E~0WTHESTOBIE8 GAMETO BE TOLD. It waa Ohristmas Eve ! Christmas Eve at my Uncle John's. We had had supper, and were sitting round, talking aud smok- ing We had had a very good supper-a very good supper, indeed. After supper uncle brewed some whiskey punch. I did justice to that also. Uncle John himself said.so. Hestid he was glad to notice that I. liked it. t, Aunt went do bed soon after supper, leaving the local curate, old Dr. Scrubbles, Mr. Samuel Coombes, our member of the country Council, Teddy Biffles and my- self lo keep uncle company. We agreed tfcatlt, was too early to give in for some time yet, sojincje^brewftd another bowl of punch, and I think we all did justice to that-at least) I Jr.no w, I did. It is a passion with roe, is the desire to do justice. - «. We eat up for a. long while, and the Doctor'brewed some'gin punch later on, for a change, though 1 could not tasto much difference'rnyaelf.' But it was all good, aud.we,werô very happy, everybody was so kind. TJpuk). John toll us a very fine story in the course.of ¿the «roping. Oh, it was a funny etoryl ? I forget what it was about now,ibut I know it amused me very rauch at the time. < -I do not think I ever laughed ao .much in ali my life. It is strange that I cannot recollect that etory, .too, because he told it us four times. And it was entirely onrownHfanltTfcaYltr-did not tell it ne a fiftfy ^ After that the doctor sang A very clover song, In the course of which he imitated all the djfferent animals in a farmyard. He did mix them a bit. He hrjnyßa(,iar ti)*> bantam co"*k And crowed Ion,the ¡pig. But we knew what he meant All .right, -I started relating a,most interesting anecdote, bat was somewhat surprised to observe, AS I.went On, that nobody was paying the «lightest attention to mo'what; everV I thought this rather-rude of them at* fcjsf, outil it* dawned ripon methat 1 WAA.Ûlkihtf^i» myself all thÎtînie'lùelead of çutkl6ud,sotW, of catarse; they did sM^x^-Mw Umk talbot all and ploqqent.geaturea, " Jt .was a .most cnj^ous^wtakeforany.ono to, «>ake,. J never knew such »..thing happouiip ma before. ,..,-<-. , t <. ->>,¡j«ierion our enraie did tricks with narda. He asked ns if we had .ever; scan a game'called the " Three Catd Trick.5? Hb 'held it whs "an Artifice by menus of which low, unscrupulous mon, frequenters of race meetings and auch like haunts, Swindled 'foolish young fellows out of their "money. He said it was a very simple inckto do »it ali depended on the quick neissof the hand.'* It was the quickness oj jim naud, deceived the pye. i . jip said he. would show us the impos- ture, .so that we might be warned against Mvand not ha.taken in hy it; and he fetched ancle's pack of cards from the tea caddy, and selecting three cards from the pack-two plain cards and one picture cArd-^eat down on the hearthrug and ex- plained-to us what he was going to do. F He eaidi-"Now I shall take these three cardB in my hand, BO, and let you all see them. And then I shall quietly lay thom down on the rug with the hacks uppermost, and ask you to pick out the picture oard. And you'll think you know which pne it is." Aud he did it. , Old,Mr. Coombes, who is also one of our church wardens, said it was the middle .card, \- V Yon fancy you saw it," said the curate, amilingi "I don't'fancy' anything at all about ii,*' replied Mr. Coombes. 4tI tell you it's the middle card. I'll bet you half-a ctowh it's the middle card." " There yon are ; that'« just what I was explaining to yon," said our curate, turn- ing- to the rest of ns. " That's the way tlieso_ foolish young fellows that I was speaking of are lured on to lose their money. Tliey make sure they know the card ; they fancy they saw it. They don't grasp the idea that it is the qnickaess of the hand that has dopeived their eye.*' , He said he had known young men go off to a boat race or cricket match with pounds in their pockets, and come home early in the afternoon stone broke, having lost All Iheir money at this demoralising game. ' He said hn should take Mr Ooombes's halfçrown because it would teach Mr. JÓoombBS a very useful lesson, and pro hably be the means of saving Mr. Coombes'« money in the future, and he eb.ou.ld give the two and sixpence to the vl)Wketiund. n i "¡Dont yon worry about that," retorted reid Mr. Coombes. " Don't you take the ÜalMírDwti but of-the blanket fund ; that*s 'nU'*"'" ¡ * v im, li* pût $e money, on tho middle caïd «na turned » np» Fure enough, it realty was the queen ! We were all very much surprised, especially the curate. He said that it did sometimes happen that way, though. That a mau did some- times lay on the right card, by accident. Our curate said it was, howeyer, .the moBt unfortunate thing a man could do (or himself, if he only knew it, because when a man tried and won it gave him a taste for the so-called sport-, and it lured him on into risking again and again, until he had to rotire from the contest a broken and rained man. Then he did the trick again. Mr. Coombes said it was the card next the coal scuttle this time, and wanted to put five shillings on it. ' Wè laughed al him add tried to persuade him against it. But he would take no ad- vice, however, but insisted ra plunging. Our curate said very well faon; )\o had warned him, and that was allthat he could do., If he (Mr. Coombes} was determined to make, a fool, of himself he (Mr, Coombes) must do so. . ?_ . " Our curate said he would take the fine shillings, and that-would put things right again with the blanketf und". .' . \ ' '? SO Mr. Coombes put two ' hslf- crowne on the card next'the coal scuttle and turned it'up.' '";'''*. Sure enough, it was the qnoon'agàid ! ': . After that Uncle Jack had a florin on and he won. t And then we all played at it, and we all won. AU .except the curate, that is. He had a very Had quarter of au lionr. 1 never knew A man haye such hard lock at cards. He loat every time. < We -had some more punch after that» and, Uncle made such a funny mistake in brewing it \ he left out the whiskey. Oh, we did laugh at him, and we ma*4e him Íint in double quantity afterwards, AS a brfeit. Oh, we did have such fun that evening Aud thpu somehow or other we must Ijaye got 0" t/o'lt'108**3» hocause the next recollection I have is that we wpre'te)*tug ghost stories io each other. TEDDY BIFPLES'S 8T0BY. Toddy Stifles told the first story. I Will let him repeat it here in his Own words.1 ' l (Do not ask, mollow it is that I recollect his owr| exact words wh^herï too^theto down, in ehprthand at the time/or pether be fiad ¿tip story written oat,» «ud jTanded me.thQ MS, afterwardiiçr, publication in tbisJ[n»k,^o*tt-ie IjsÇofild n% ip«iyot< if (.yondid. Jt is A trade, secret.), \- Sidles called his «tory-- -, f ÍOHNOON AND EMILY; OB, TEtf! ' iTAtTIi «wjl, ¿HOST. T ** . , '1 was little mpre than a lad when I first met with Johnson, j I was home tor the Christmas holidays, and it beln# .Christ* mas Eye, l.haabeeu allowed, to sitfup very late. On opening the door of my little bedroom to .go in, I found myself face to lace with Johnson,. wl)o was com- ing out. It passed through me, aud uttering A loug, low watt of miser}*, disappeared out of the staircase window. I was startled for the moment. I was only a schoolboy at the time, and had never seen a ghost before, and felt a little nervV ous abuut going to bed But on reflection, 7 remembered that it was only sinful people that spirits could do any harm, and so tucked myself np and went to sleep. In the morning I told the pater what"! had seen. " Oh, yes, that was old Johnson,*1 bp answered; "don't.you bs frightened of that ; he Uves here." And then he told me the poor thing's history. It seemed that Johnson, whon it was alive, had loved in early life the daughter Of a former lessee of our house, and a very beautiful tiri, whose Christian name had been Emily. Father did not know her other name. r Johnson was too poor to marry the girl, BO he kissed her good-bye, told her he wonld soon he back, and went off to Aus- tralia to make his fortune. ' , . But Australia was not (hen what it became later on. Travellers through the bush were few and far between in thpse early daysfTfcud Teven when one was caught the portable property found upon the body was often of hardly sufficient nego- tiable value to pay the simple funeral expenses rendered necessary. So that it took Johnsou nearly twenty years to make his fortune. i The self-imposed task was accomplished at last, however, and then having success fully eluded the police and got clear out of the colony, he returned to England full of hope and joy to claim his bride. He reached the house to find It aileiit aud deserted. All that the neighbours could tell him was that soon alter his own departure the family had on one foggy night unostentatiously disappeared, and that nobody had ever seen or heard any- thing of them since, although the land lord and most of the local tradesmen had made searching inquiries. Poor Johnson, frenzied with grief, sought his love all over the world. But he never found her, and after years of fruitless efforts he returned to end bis lonely life in the very house where in the happy bygone'dayé he and hie beloved Emily had passed aó many bliüstut Hours» He had lived there quite aloue, wander- ing about the empty rooms, weeping and calling te Ins Emily to come back to him. And when tho poor old fellow died his ghost still kept the business ou. It was there, the pater said, when he took the house and the Agent had knocked £10 a year off the rout in consequence. After that I was continually meeting Johnson about the place at all times of the night, and so, iudeed, wore we all. We used to walk round it and stand aside to lotit pass at first. But when we grew more> at home with it and there seemed n0 necessity for so much ceremony we used to walk straight through it, You could not say it was ever much in the way. j It was a gentle, harmless old ghost too, and are all felt very sorry for it and pitied it. The women folk, indeed, made quite A pet of it for a while. Its faithfulness touched them so. But as time grew on it grew to be A bit of A bore. You see, it was so full of sad- ness. There was nothing cheerful or genial about it. Yon felt sorry for it, but it irritated yon. It would sit on the stairs and cry for hours at a stretch, and when- ever we woke up in the night one was sure to liear it pottering About the passages and inland out of the different rooms fnoauing and sighing, so that we cou|d not got 4p ¿deep again very easily. Aud when we had a party on it would come and fit outside the drawing-room door .and «ob all the time. Jt did not do anybody any harm exactly, but it cast a gloom over the whole affair. " Oh, I'm getting sick of this «Id fool," said the pater one evening (the-dad eau be very blunt when be is put out, as you kuoW), AS Johnson had been a little more of a nuisance than usual, and had spoiled a good game of whist by sitting up the çhiumey and groaning till nobody knew what were trumps or what suit had been led evon, " We shall bavo to get rid of him somehow or other. I wish I knew how to do it." " Well," said the mater, "dependupon. it, you'll never see the last of bim until he'e found Emily's grave. That*« what he is'aftcr. ïkm find Emily's rgrave and put him on<to4hat and he'll stop there. That's the only thing to de 'You'll mark m/words." " .* » i The idea seejrièd* reasonable, but the difficulty iii the WW wasthatrwea1ione*of |s>ew ^.^hJ^j? »Ja s¥d- Jhe goveraor suggested r»|flff off some other Jlmify's jgrav^npsu^ihe .poor thing, but** (pek would^a«, ítjthéro did not seem to have been «utEmily of, any sprt ¡buried ariywhere for-miles around., 1 never carne across .A neighbourhood iSO utterly destitute of dead Emilies. f I thought for a bit} and then I hazarded a suggestion myself. " Couldn't wé fake-up something for the old cUapk ?'* I queried. " îîo «oems a simple-iniudel old sort. He might tnkj stitt. Anyhow wc could but try. ' "By Jovp, so we will,"-exclaimed my; father, and the very next morning i we had the workmen lu, and fixed np a little mound at the bottom of the orchard with a tombât me bearing the following inscription-: " i----^-??^.»»M»« SACRED to the MEMORY of EMILY. Her last words were : "Tell Johnson I love him." *Tbat ought to fetch him," mused the dad, as he surveyed the work, when finished. " Î am sure I hope it does." It did. We lured bim down that very ¿light, and»-Well, there, it WAS one of toe most pathetic things I have ever seen the -way Johnson sprang «pon that tombstone and .Wept. Dad and old Squibbins, the gardener, cried like children when they saw it. Johnson has never troubled us any more in the house Biriee then. It spends every night now sobbing on the grave ana seems quite happy. "There still Pfe '* Oh, yes ; I'll take yon fellows down and show you it next time you come to our place ; 10 p.m. to 4 a.m. are its general hours; 10 to*2on Saturdays." INTERLUDE. It made me cry very much, that story, young Biffles told it with so much strong feeling. We were all a little thoughtful after it, and I noticed even the old Doctor covertly Wipe away a tear. Uncle John browed another bowl of punch, however,, and we gradually grew more resigned. The Doctor, indeed, after a while became almost cheerful and told us about the ghost of one of his patients. I cannot give you his story. I wish I could. They all said afterward that it was the best of the lot-the most ghastly and terrible-but I could not make any sense of it myself, It seemed eo-incom. plete, ' > * He began ali right and then something seemed to happen, and then he was finish* ing it. I cannot make cut what he did with the middle of tbe story. It ended np 1 know, however, with somebody finding something, aud that put Mr. Coombes in mind of a very curious affair that took place st an old lniU onco kept by his brothor-in-law. Mr. Coombes said ho would tell us his story, and before an, body could stop lain ho had begun. Mr. Coombes said the story was called : III.-THE'HAUSTED MILL; OB, THE RUINED HOME. "WeU,tyoaaU know my brother-in-law, Mr. Parkins," began Mr. Coombes, taking the long clay pipe from his mouth and putting it behind his ear (we did not know his brother-in-law, but wo said we did, so as to save time;) "and you knowof course that he ouce took a lease of an old mill in Surrey and went to live there. * J ' .* Now Tyon*ïnUst Ifhow "that years ara this very mill had beeta occupied *by7d wicked old miser, who died there, leaving, so it was rumonrcdTaUliis money hidden somewhere about the place. Naturally enough eyeryone who had since come,to Hvp at the mill had tried to find the trea- sure, but .none had ever succeeded, and the local wiseacres said that nobody ever Would uuless the ghost of the miserly miller would, one day, take a fancy to one of the tenants, -and disclose to him the secret of the hiding place. "My brother-in-law did not attach much importance to the etory, regarding it1 as An old woman's tale, add, unlike 'his pre- decessors, made no attempt whatever to discover the hidden gold. "'Unless business was very different then from what it is now,' said my brother-in-law, ' 1 don't see how a .nullor could very well have saved anything-, however much of A miser he might have been ; at all events, not enough to make it worth the troublent looking for it.' . "StiH, he could not altogether get rid of the idea of that treasure. "One-bight he went 10 bed.- That waStaothing very extraordinary, I admit. He often did go to bed of & night. What was remarkable, however, wasthat exactly as the clScTc ft the'village church ¿himétl thj? last stroke of twelve'my brother-|n law woketop :$|h> stArt^ud felt himself >l'me^ Ç irmtan^ne was Joe).¿M np,JiUied*n/i lookedArorg>4 * 'PAt¿he»fo0i,ofrihehed. something sto'ad very «till, wntppedtin .shadow. . ?It moved inio-the moonlight, and then my bröther-in-law saw» tliat'it »was «jue figure of A^WâSenèd* httiet-oid mau in knee breeches And A4 pigtail.' f TJn autUstatit the'utoiy of the hidden treasure and* the old miser flashed across his mtnd. ' ' '?> " 'He's come to-show me where it's hid,' thought my brolher-iu-laW, aud he resolv- ed that lie would not spend it all ou him- self, but would devoto a email percentage of it. towards doing goodto others. '< "The apparition moved towards the door. My brother-iu-law put ou his trou- sers and followed 'it. Tue ghost went downstairs into the kitchen, glided ever aud stood iu front of the hearth, sighed and disappeared. " Next morning Joe had a couple of bricklayers in and made them haul out the stove and pull down the chimney wbUe he stood behind with a potato sack in which to put the gold. : " They knocked down half the wall and never found so much as a fourpenny bit. ' My brother-in-law did not know what to : think. " The next night the old man appears»1 again, and again led the way into the kitchen. This tims, however, instead of going to .the firep]ace, it stopd more ia the middle of the room and sighed there,. " « Oh, I see what he moans now !' said cmy brother-in-law to bitnself ; «.it's Booler thertloor. Why did the old idiot go AU| stand up against the stove, mo AS to make ?me think it was np the chimney ?" "They spent the next day in taking>up the kitchen floor, but the only thing they found was a three pronged fork, -and ehe handle of that was broken. "On the third night the ghost re- appeared, quite unabashed, and for a third time made for the kitchen. Arrived there, it looked up at the ceiling and vanished ,' " 'TJinphl he don't seem to have learned < much seuse where he's been to,' muttered Joe, as he trotted back to bed; * I should ; have thought he might have done that at first.' '«Stitt there seemed no doubt now where the treasure lay, and the first thing after breakfast they started pulUng down the ceiling. They got every inch of the ceiling down and they took up the boards of the room above. " They discovered about as much* trea- sure as you would expect to find in an - empty quart pot. " On the fourth night, when the ghost appeared, as usual, my brother-ia-law was so wUd that he threw his boots at it, and the boots passed through the body and broke a looking gla«B. "On the fifth night, when Joe awoke, as he always did now at twelve, the ghost ; was ständig In a dejected attitude, look- ' ling very miserable. There was an Appeal- ing look in its large, sad eyes tliat quite touched my brother-in-law. * " ' After all,' he thought, 'perhaps the «illy chap's doing his best. Maybe he has forgotten where he really did put it, and is tryiug to remember. Ill give him Another chance.' "The ghost appeared grateful aud 'de- lighted at seeing Joe prepare to follow him, aud led the way into the attic, point-' ed to the ceiling, aud vanished. . .M Welly he's bit it this time, I do hope> j said my brother-in-law; and next day they set to work to take the roof off the place. f It took them three days to get the root thoroughly off, and all they found was a bird's* nest, after securing which they covered up the house with tarpaulin to keep it dry. -" You might have thought that would have cured the poor fellow of looking for treasure. But it didn't. "fie said there must be something in it all ,or the ghost would never koop on coplug as It did, and that having gone so 'far he would gc on to tho end and solve the .mystery, cost what it might. c<" Nijght after nyjht he would get ont of his bed aud followed the spectral old fraud about the bouse. Each'night the old man wjuld indicate a different place, and on 'each following day my brother-in law would proceed to break up the raillât the point indicated and look for the trea- sure. At the end of three weeks there was not a room in the mill fit to live ia. Every wall .had beeu pulled down, every noir taken np, every ceiling bad had a hotaknocked in it. And then, as sudden- ly, A« they had begun, the ghost's visits ceased and my brother-in law was left in peace, to rebuild the place at his leisure. " What induced the old image to play such a trick upon a family man and rate- payer ? Ah ! That's just what I cannot tell tell you. f " Some 8sid that the ghost of the wicked old mau had done it to punish ihy brother iu-law for not brliéyiug him at first, while others held t that * the apparition, wai probably that o% some deceased local plumber.and glarier, who would naturally take an interest in seeing a bouse knocked about and «poiled. But nobody Jcuew anything for certain." INTERLUDE. We had some more punch, aud then the tárate told us A story. ** ** * » ' I'could not taralee head or tail of the curate's alor?; ed Icauáot retail it to youl We'none of us could tpake helder tail of ¿hat story. ' IfwasagboS story enough, ei> far as uiatèrfaï went. There seemed | io be And enprmpus amouut of plotj And eupugb incident jto have made a do7ep novels., Ineyor before heard a. Bfcry con- taining so much incident nor one dealing with so raauy varied characters I should ear that every human ?beiqg our curate hal ever know or met or heard of was brought iuto that story. There were simply hundreds of them. Every five seconds he would introduce into the tale a completely fresh*'collection .of characters, accompanied by a "brand new set of incidents. This was ¿he sort of story it was« " Well, then, mys uncle went iuto the garden and got his gun, but, of coarse, it wasn't there, and Scrqggius said he didn't believe it." ."Didn't believe what I1 Who was Scroggies ?*' "Scroggins! Oh, why he was the other man, you know-it was his wife." " What was his wi'e f What's she got to do with it F" ?" Why, that's what I'm teUing you. It was she that found the hat. She'd come up with her cousin to London-her cousin was roy sister-in-law, and the other neice had married a man named Evans;, and Evans, after it was all over, had taken the box. round to Mr. Jacob's, because Jacob's father hadaeea the mau when ho was alive and when he was dead« Joseph-" * "Sown look here, never yon mimi Evans and the box. What's become of your uncle and the gan ?" ' " The gun ! What gun !" ' " Why, the gun that your ancle need to keep ia the garden, and that wasn't there. « What did he do with it ? Did he kill any of the people with it, these Jaeobses and Evanses and Seroggineses and Josephses? Because if so it was a good and useful work, and we should enjoy hearing about it." " No. Oh, no. How could be P He had been built up alive m the wall, you know, and when Edward VI. spoke to the Abbot about it my sister said that in her then state of health she could not and would not, as it was endangering the child's life. So they christened it Horatio, T after her own son, who had been MUed at Waterloo before he was born, aud Lord Napier himself said " " Look here. Do you know what yon are talking about P" we aeked him at this) point. He said " No." But he knew every word of it was true, because hie aunt had seen it herself» Whereupon we covered bim over with a table cloth and ho weat to sleep. . ?" Aud then nuole told us a story. Uncle said his was a real story. IV.-THE GHOST OP THB BLUE CHAMBEE. "I don't want to make you fellows nervous," bogan my uucle iu a peculiarly impressive, not to say blood curdU'ig toue of voice, " and if you would rather that, I did not mention it I -won't; but, as a matter of fact, this very house in which we are now sitting is haunted." " You don't aay that !" exclaimed Mr. Coombes. " What's the'use of your saying I don't say it when I have ju-it said It?" ritbrtod my ancip eomewhat pettialily. " Yon do talk so foolishly. I tell you the house'is haunted. Regularly on Christinas Eve the'blue chamber,', they called the room next to the nursery the ,' blue chamber,'at my uncle's, most of the toilet service baiug uf that shade, ", is haunted by the ghost of A sinful man-a man who ouce killed a Christmas wait with a lump of coal." " How did he'do' it?'' asked Mr. Coom- bes, with eager anxiousness, ' " Was it difficult P" , ' " I do riot know how be did it,*' replied my uncle ¡ " he did not explain the pro- cess. The wait Had taken up a position just inside the f rout gate, and was singing, aballad.., Jt was presnmed that when'he opened his mouth for B flat the lump of coal- was thrown by - the, eiuful man; from one -of» the windows,.; and -that it went down the wait's throat and choked him." M You want to be a good shot, bat it is certainly 'worth- trying," murmured Mr. Coombes, thoughtfully. « ' "But that was not his only crime, alas!" added ray uncle. " Prior to that he had killed a solo cornet player," " " No1 ' ÏS that really * fact?" exclaimed Mr. Coombes. \ , " *' OE course it's a fact r auswerod my uncle testily; "at,,all .events AS much a fact as you can expect to get in à case of thisaori, i » -,,. "How yery oaptioas-you Are this even-; The circumstantial evidence was nt7»i.aWn»1n..nff- Jfhft flflfrr Ifll'tf ff~i *?>"» cor net player, hadasen in the neighbourhood barely a inonth. Jöld^Mr: BiSHbp who kept * The Jolly Saud Boys' at the time, and from whom I haathe story, said he had never known A' inoré' ward working and energetic solo cornet player. He, the cornet player, only Icne'w two tunes, but Mf*'Bishop ^aîdtthat1 *he> «mu eonld not hard 'played with^nor^ Vigour or for more hours Vday if he had known forty.' The two tuh&9vhediaplay were 'Annie Laurie' and *ÎJome, SVéet HOrarV Sud AS regard inglis performance" »I |he former melody Mr> Bjshop saul that Amore child could have told what it was meant for. "This .musician-this .poor, friendless artiste-used toncóme regularly and. play in ¿this street just opposite* for two hours every evening. One evening he WAS asen, evidently in response to an invitation, going intoihis very house ; but was never seen coming out of it 1" "Did the townsfolk try offering any reward iôr bia recovery?" asked Mr. Coombes. , ,, "Not a hà-pÇnny," replied my uncle. h Another summer,*' ' continued .ray uncle,' " a German band visited here, intending, sp they announced on their arrival, to stay till the autnmju.' i'.Qn the second day from ¿heir arrival, the whole company, AS fiue and healthy a body men as one could wish to see, were invited to dinner by this sinful man, and, after spending the whole -of the next twenty-TourdionTS in bed, left the town A broken trod' dyspeptic crew, the parish doctorwhö had attended them giving it as his opinion that it was dbnbtf ni if they would, any of theos, be Ht to' play an air again.** "You-you donVknoW the reftipb, do' yon P" asked Mr. Coombes. "Unfortunately I do net,"t replied my uncle; "but the, chief iog'redieut was ?aid to have been railway refreshment room pork pie. "I forgot the man's other .crimes," ray uncle went on. " I used to know them all atona timo» but my memory is not what it wa?, f 1 ào not, however, beUove I ara doing4 his - memory an injustice , in believing that he was not entirely con- nected with the death end -subsequent burial of a gentleman who used Id play the'harp with his toes, and that neither was he altogether unrespousible for the lonely grave of an unknown stranger who hsA^buce visited the neighbourhood-an ( Italian peasant lad, a perfohmer upon the, barrel organ,. " * '" " Every Christmas Eve," said my uncle, ] cleaving with low, impressive tones' rho j étrange, awed silence, that like a shadow," seemed to have »lowly ^stolen into and settled down upon the room, " the ghost of thuoinful man haunts the blueohember intfbisîverymodse. The*e,JromjmiduigWH untileook'crow, amid wild, muffledehrieks) andífro&nS;>fifid'mockitíg4BUghtor,>andthe ghostly'Sound of horrid blows, it doe» fierce phahtom fight with the spirits of tug«afh-tavhtM^^ .trangled harpist plays mad, ghostly melodies with ghostly tones ou the ghost of a broken harp." Uucle said the blue chamber was com- paratively useless as a sleeping apartment ou Christmas Eve. " Hark 1'* said my aucle, raising a warning hand toward the ceiling, while we held our breath and listened. " Hark ! I "believe they are at it now-in tlio blue chamber !" I rose np and said that I would sleep in the blue chamber. Before I tell you my own story, how- ever-the story of what happened in the blue chamber-I would wish to preface it with V.-A PERSONAL EXPLANATION. I feel a good deal of hesitation about telling you this storv of my own You see it 19 not a story like the other stories , thit 1 have been telling you, or rather that Teddy Billies, Mr. Coombes, and naj uucle have beeu telling you ; it is a true story. It is not told by a person sitting round a fire on Christmas Eve, drinking whiskey punch ; it is a record of events that actually happened. Indoed, it is not A " story " At all in the commonly accepted meaning of the word ; it is a report. It is, J feel, almost out of place in a book of this kind. It is I more suitable to a biography oran EngUsh history. There is another thing that makes it difficult for me to tell you this story, and that is that it is all about myself. In telling you this story I shall have to keep on talking About myself, and talking about ourselves is what we modern day authors have a strong objection to doing. If we literary men of the new school have one -praiseworthy yearniugmore ever present to our minds thau another it is the yearning never to appear in the slightest degree egotistical. I myself, as I am told, carry this coy* ness-this shrinking reticence concerning anything connected with my own person-: ality-almost too far; and people grumble at me because of it. People sonie' to me me and-say, " Well, "now, why don't yon ¿talk about yourself A bit P That's what we want to read about. TeU ns some- thing ¿bout yourself." j Butt have always replied "No." It is not that I do not think the subject au interesting one. Leanuot myself conceive bf any topic more likely to prove fascin-, ating to the "world as a whole, or, at al, events, to>the cultured portion of it. But* I wiU not do it on principle. It is inartistic, and it sets a bad example to the youuger man. Other writers (a few of »them) do it, I know ; but I wiU not-not "as a rule. ¡ Under ordinary circumstances, there- fore, I should not tell you this story at all. I 'sh'oftld say to myself: ''No { it is a good story, it Is a moral story, it is a strange, Weird, enthraUingsort of a story; and the public, I know, would like to hear it; and I ¿hould,like to tell it to them; bnt it is all about myself-about what I said, aud what I saw, and what I did, aud I cannot do it. My retiring, anti-egotis- tical nature will not permit me to talk ia this way about myself." But the circumstances surrounding this story are'not ordinary, and there are rea- sons prompting me in spite of my modesty to rather welcome the opportun- ity of relating it. As I stated in the beginning there has 'been uupleàsautness in our family over this pirty of ours, and, as regards myself iu particular aud ray share in tim events I* am u )W about t» sot forth, gross injustice has beeu done me. As a means of replacing ray character in its proper light-of dispelling' the clouds of calumny and miscouceptipn with which it has been darkened-1 feel that my best courso is to give a simple, digni- fied narration of'the plain facto and allow the unprejudiced to judge for themselves. My chief object, I candidly confess, is to clear myself from' unjust aspersion. Spurred by this motive-I think it is an* honourable' and a right motive-and I find I am enabled to overcome my usual repugnance to talking about myself arid eau thus tell VI.-MY OWN STORY. As soon as my uncle had finished his story, L as I have already told yon, rose up and. said that I would sleep in the " bins chamber " that very night. " Never J" cried ray uncle, springing up. " You shall not put yourself in this dead- ly peril. Besides, the bed is not made." " Never mind the bed," I replied. I have lived in furnished appartments for gentlemen,'and have been accustomed te .sleep on beds that have never been made from ontfyear's end: to another. Do not thwart mein my resolve," I replied. " I am young and havo'hada clear conscience now-foi Over a month. '* 'The spirits wiU not harm tab. I may Oten do them some little good1 nnd induce them totoe'qniet dud go «way1. Besides/ I should like to -she the Mow." Saying Whioh I sat down again. (How Mr. Coombes carno to be in my chair 'instead of over on the other aide of the .rpfiniJrue&heTh;áa ¿tra ¿Ù thoevénlur^ '«saf-W fcV neVe> oÍó^n*í àppbllgiiô^ "when I eat down on top of him ; and j why young Billies should have tried to S aim hiniBelf off upon me as my Uncle ohu and induce me, uuder the erroneous impression, to shake him by the hand for nearly three minutes aud tell him that I had always regarded him as farther, are matters that to this day I have nevor been able to fully understand.) , They tried to dissuade me from what they termed my foolhardy enterprise, but I remained firm and claimed my privilege. I was " the guest." " The guest " always sleeps in the haunted chamber on Christ- mas Eve-it is his perquisite. They said that if I put it ou that foot- ing they had of course, no answer ; and they lighted a candle for ino, aud accom- panied me up stairs iu a body. Whether elevated by the feeling that I was d<»iug a noble action, or animated by a mere general consciousness of rectitude, is not for me to say, but I went up stairs that night with remarkable buoyancy, it was as much as I could do to stop at the lauding when 1 came to it. I felt I wanted to go up to the roof. But, with the help of the banisters, I restrained my ambition, wished them all good night,' and went in aud-sJiuiJbtutofir,.. m Things began to go wrong with me from the Very first. The candle tuhibled out of the candlestick before my hand was off the lock. It kept on tumbling out-of the candlestick, and every time I picked it up and put it in it tumbad out again. I never saw such a slippery candle. T gave np attempting to use the candlestick at laat, and carried the candle about in my hand, and even then it would not keep upright. So I got wild aud threw it out the window and undressed and went to bed in the dark. I did not go to sleep. I did not feel sleepy at aU. I lay on my hack, looking up at the ceiling and thinking of things. I, wish I could remember some of the ideas that came to nie as I lay there, because they were so amusing. I laughed at them myself till the bed shook. I bad, been lyiug like this for half an hour or so, and had forgotten all abouti .the ghost, when, on casually easting my eyes round the room, 1 noticed for the first time A singularly contented-looking phantom sitting in the easy chair by the ' fire, smoking the ghost of a long clay. pipt?. « ' ^ , I fanoied for a moment, as most people would under the circumstances, thatv I must be dreaming.' Inat np and rubbed: my eyes. No1 It was A ghost clear enough. I could seo the back of the chair through his body. He looked toward me, took the ? shadowy pipe from his lins and nodded. The most surprising' part of the whole thing to me was that I did not feel in the least alarmed. If anything I waa rather pleased to see him. It was company. I Bald, " Good evening. It's been a cold day." He said he had not noticed himself, but dared say I was right. We remained silent for a fow seconds, and then, wishing to put it pleasantly, I said, VI believe I have the honour of ad- dressing the ghost of the gentlemau who had the accident with the wait?" He ¿railed, and said it was very good of me to remember it. , One wait was not so much to boast of, but still every little rhelped. I was somewhat staggered at his answer. I had expected a groan of remorse. The ghost appeared, on the contrary, to he ? rather conceited over the business. . I thought that, as lie had taken my refer? euee to the wait so quietly, perhaps ho 'would hot he offended if I questioned him about the organ grinder. I felt curious about that popr boy. - ' i " Is it true," I asked, " that you had a1 hand in the death of that Italian pensant lad who came to the town once with a barrel organ that played nothing but Scotch airs P" He quite firel up, '.'Had a hand!" ho exclaimed, indignantly. " Who has dared to pretend that he assisted nie Pí¡ I mur- dered tho youth myself. Nobody helped me. Alone I did it. - Show- me the man who says I didn't." I calmed him. I assured that I never," in my own mind, doubted that he was the real and only assassin, aud I went ou and asked him what he- had done with the body of the cornet player he had killed. He said. "To which oue may.you be alluding P* " Oh, was i hore any more, then P" I im quired. He smiled and gave a little cough. He said he did not not like to appear to be boasting, but that, counting tOombstoues, lhere were Bevan.- ?- f 1 " Dear mel" I replied, " yoh must nave bad quite a buoy time of it one way " tod - another." ' *, " , ' 't ' lae ¿aid that perhaps he ought not tobe the one to say so, but that really, speaking of ordinary middle class society, he thoujrht'there were few ghosts who could' look back upon a life of more sustained usefulness. He puffed away in silence for a few seepnds,': while I sat-watching him.. J jtad never seen A {rhost «looking*» pipeabefères .that I 'could reuiomtÄrt»nditifnterostedi me. *. ' ti I asked him what tobacco he used, and he replied, " The ghost of cut cavendish, as a rule." He explained that tho ghost of all the tobacco that a man smoked in life be- longed to bim when he became dead. He said he himself had used a good deal of cut cavendish when bo was alive, so that he was well supplied with the ghost of it now. I observed that it waa a useful thing to kuow that, aud I in ado up my mind to smoke as much tobacco as ever I could before 1 died. I thought I might as well start at once, so 1 said I would join him in a jiipo, and he said, " Do, old mau," and I reached over and got out the necessary parapher- nalia fr<ioi my coat p ickct aud lit up. We grew quite chummy after thit and he told me nil his crimes. He said he had lived next door once to a youug lady who was learuiug to play the guitar, while A gentleman practiced on the bass viol lived opposite. And he, with fiendish cunning, had introduced tlieae two un- suspecting young people to one another, And had persuaded them to elope to each other against their parents' wishes, and take their instruments with them ; aud they had done so, and before the honey- moon was over she had broken his head with the bass viol, and he had tried to cram the guitar down her throat and he had injured her for life. My friend said he used to lure muffin men into the passage and then stuff them with their owu wares till they burst and died. He said he had quieted eighteen that way. Youug men and women who recited long aud dreary poems at evening parties, and caUow youths who walked about the streets late at night playing concertinas, he used to get together aud poison in batches ,of ten, so as to save expense, and park orators and temperance lectures he jused to shut np six iu a small room with a glass of water And a collection box apiece and let them talk each other to xleath. It did «one good to listen to him. I asked him when he expected the other ghosts-the ghosts of the wait and the cornet »layer And the German band that Uncle John bad mentioned. He smiled, and «aid tbey would never come again, any, of them. \ I said, *' Why, isn't it true, then, that they meet yon here every Christmas Eve for a rowP" He replied that it WAS true. Every Christmas Eve for twenty five years had he And they fought iq that room ; but they would never trouble him or anybody elaoAgain. One by pne liad he laid them out, spoilt« And utterly useless* for aU haunting purposes. He bad finished off the hut German band ghost that very evening, just before I came upstairs, and had thrown whatwas left of it out through the slit between the window sashes. He said it would never bo worth calling a ghost again. "I suppose you will still come yourself,, SB usual P ' I said. " They would be sorry to miss you, 1 know." "Oh, I didn't know," he replied; " there's nothing much to come for now. Unless," he added kindly, " you are going to be here. I'll come if you will sleep here next Christmas Eve." "*'T hava taken a liking to you," he continued. " You don't fly off, screechiag, when you see a party, and your hair doesn't stand on oud. You've no idea," I fhe said, "how sick I ara of seeing people's : hair standing on end." j He said it irritated him. Just then a slight noise reached us from the yard below, and he started and turned deathly black. "You are ill," I cried, springing toward bim; "tell me the best thing to do for you. Shall 1 drink some brandy and give you the ghost of it P" He remained silent, listening iutently for a moment, and then he gave a sigh of relief aud the shade came baok to bis cheek. "Ifs all right," he murmured ; " I was afraid it waa the cock." I "Oh, it's too early for,that," I said.1 " Why, it's only the middle of the night," " Oh, that doesn't make any difference to those cursed chickens," he replied, bit- terly. " They would just as soon crow in the middle of the night SB at any other time-sooner, if they thought it would spoil a chap's evening out. I believe they do it ou purpose." He enid A friend of his, the ghost of a man who had killed a water-rate collector, used to haunt a house in Long Acre where they kept fowls in the cellar, and every .time a poUceman went by and flushed his bull's eye down the grating the old cock i there would fancy it was the sun aud (Start crowing like mad, when, of course, the poor ghost had to dissolve, and it would, in consequence, get back home sometimes as early as one o'clock in the morning, swearing fearfully because it had only been out for an hour. I agreed that it seemed very unfair. "Oh, it's an absurd arrangement alto Îether." >' he continued, qoite angrily, « I äVlror»ginB: what our «Id mau -could ive .been thinking of when ne made ii. As I have said to him over and over again, 'Have a fixed time and let everybody stick to it-say 4 o'clock in the summer and 6 in winter. Then one would know what one was about." " How do you manage when there isu't any cook handy P" I inquired. He was on the point of replying, when again he started aud listened. This time I distinctly heard Mr. Bowles' cock, next door, crow twice. " There you are," he said, raising and reaching for his list; "that's the sort of thing ive have to put up with. What is the time P" I looked at my watch and fouud that it was half past 3. "I thought as much," ho muttered. " I'll wring that blessed bird's neck off if I get hold of it." Aud lie prepared to go. "If you eau wait half a minuto,*' I said, getting out of bed, " I'll go a bit of the way with you." "It's very good of you," he rejniuedr pausing, "but it eoeras unkind to drag you out," " Not at aU," I replied, " I shall like a walk." And I partially dressed myself and took my umbrella, and he put his arm through mine and we went out together. ' Just by the gate wo met Jones, one of the local constables. "Goodnight, Joces," I said (Ialways feel affable at Christmas time.} , " Good night, sir," answered the man à little gruffly, I thought. "May I ask what you're a doing ofP" " Oh, it's all right," I responded with, a wave ot my umbrella; "I'm just seeing my friend part of the way home." He said, ".What-friend*iJ,, " Oh, ah, of course," I laughed, " I for« got. He's invisible to you. He is the ghost of the gentleman that killed the wait. Tra just going to the corner with him." " Ah, I don't think I would, if I was you, sir," said Jones, severely. " If you take my advice, you'll say good bye to your friend here ank go back indoors. Perhaps you are not aware that you are walking about with nothing on but a night shirt And a pair bf boots and An opera hat. Where's yonr trousers P" I did not like the man's manner at all. I said t«-" Jones, I don't wish to have to roport you, but it seems tome you'vebefea drinking. My trousers aro Where alman'e trousers ought to be-on his legs. 'I dis- . tioctly remember putting them on/' " Well, yon haven't got them on now," he retorted. "I beg your pardon," I replied. "I tell you I have. I think 1 ought to know." "I think eo too," be answered, "but yon evidently don't. Now, yon come along indoors with me, And don't let's have any more of it." : Uncle John came io the door at this Îoiut, having been awakened, I suppose, y the altercation, and at that >same - moment Aunt Mania appeared at the window in her nightcap. I explained the constable's mistake to them, treating the matter as lightly as I could, so as not to get the man into - trouble, and I turned for confirmation to the ghost. He WAS gone 1 He had left me with- out a word-without oven saying good bye ! It Struck me as so unkind, his having goue off in that way, that I boret into tears ; and Uncle John came out and led me back into the honse. On reaching my room I discovered that Jones was right. I had not put on my trousers after all. They were'¡still hang- ing over the bed rail. I suppose, in my anxiety not to keep the ghost waiting« I must have forgotten them. Such are the plain facts of the nasoyput of which it must, doubtless, to the healthy, charitable miud appear impossible that calumny could spring. But it has. PersonB-I say "persons*'-have pro- fessed themselves unable to understand the simple circumstances herein narrated, except in the light of explanation at ouce misleading and insulting. Slurs have been cast and aspersions made on mo by those of my own flesh and blond. * But I bear no ill-feeling. I merely, as I have said, set forth this statement for the purpose of clearing my character from injurious suspicion. - 