ENGZISB. AND FOREIGN NKtVS : BY OABLM. " (PROM THE METHOPOUTAN JOURNALS) LONDON, April, 29. In:tlie House of Oommons recently Mr Goschen, the Ohoncellor of the. Exchequer, deolined to pledge himsolf t> introduce this session a bill dealing with the1 question of the investment of trust funds in c ilonial securities. On Friday the Agouti-General will Have au interview with Mr Gusthen, when chey will urge him tj,bring in a bill dealing with the question. The arrangements in connection, with ?*r JoiupU Mitchell's scheme for the establish niHiitol ironwoika in the lll.waria die riot, iSetv South Wuhe.are pi ogressing favourably. The syndicate which has been formed to curry out the soheme wi 1 ins month sand an expert to New South SVules tu.liiy o.;t the ironworks and settle the various processes that will bo required. It is hoped that the works will be opened emly in -1893. Mr Mitchell returns to Sydney in June. Tho shareholders in the. South .Atistraliaa Petrolojm Fields Limited have appointed a committee to oonfer with tho directors on various matters affecting the interests of the oumpauy. Complaints are made regarding the con dition of the Taamaman apples by the li.M.S. Arcadia. They are said to be shrivelled, woolly, and tasteless. The cause of these defec.s ii not known. . Mr J. B. Patterson, of Melbourne, had a longir>t rview with Sir Joseph Pe«ise recently and l<ud before thnt authority important in formation and statistics concerning the grow ing abuse of opium among Europeans in Australia,. Those (says a London gossip) will be submitted to Piwliameht during the debate on the Indian Estimates, in the course of whit'liSir Joseph proposes io make a moving appeal to the Government, urging upon it, kMn the c-iuso of justice, virtue, and our common humanity" to forgo tho seven millions it makes annually out of tho traffic u In thia accursed drug." it in quite po&aibio; nowaday* to carry an o'octiiu buttery concealed in the heel of one buob, niirt Bometinu'S i« tin- tor. A gentle man who had a contrivunce of this ktnd at tended a ghoBtly sunnco in London, and while the inierestiug phenomena of the supernatural 'tore in full swing he turned on tlie uK'ctrio current, ami illuminated the transparent fraud. One of the rcudiuaia was pliinly disoernablb as an exceedingly solid1 ghost, ekilfully aUirud in mualin to auife th« gullibility of tho wonder-struck. 