GHOSTS. ANDEEW LANG, IN THE "NEW YORK FORUM." Ghosts do not come of “attiontivc ex pectation [?] at last, not to everydady I have been at amateur “Seances," and expected a greal deal but never saw or beard anything more abnormal than a suppressed g;gg:1 1 *, for which my own innocence wa, unfeelingly Manual. I bavad passed nights in a haun'f-d vost 1 • with the whole haunted win" to myself ; aud that w lien I was young, ill and over worked. I have occupied the gh-stly chamber where tin* original of Dickon.-,’ Miss Havislmm (in “Great Kxp'-da tions i )i\ed and died in her mouldv hridal raiment But in spite of expert in" with fear and trembling, all ports of horrors, I never saw or heard anythin" to establish the existaiuc of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room. T have known a timid and in valid spinster to sleep comfortably, though a military oflicer of approved valor had previously be-n so frighterud in it that he had cut short his visit and tied trem the place. Here was a gho.-t . f "'•nth-manly character, who appeared only to p-rsons unlikely, as he might guess, to le dangerously alarmed. As a ruh-, the fairly well at:- d "lies's of my aeijuair.tance have 1 e-n n-m, not by the timorous and fanciful, hut by unimagina tive people in p-rf-et health. Some persons, as a man siys in one of George Klior's novels, “have the smell tor a "host ethers have it n-.r ; and > on .-.mme IV p..f on> . hand who will prove :i s er, and'who will he un\ isit* d by any dn[r of dread. A S'diolar of world wifi., reputation /among scholars) wa*. w hen a boy, driving in a dog- -art, whi - a stou’ farmer Jell 'he reins. Both wre Seor h. Tlie V passed a churchyard beyond whi h the‘road ran though a long avenue of trees. Ou* of tin; Jc irk yard slipped a shadowy t>me, passed over the wall, glided beside the dog-tai t a!! flown tie- long shadowy .avenue, and th-n vanish, d. Neither tin man nor the boy said a word while this la-.t'-d. Win n (he appearance had vanish'd, fin- firmer whbpen-d. “Did you 8'u yen “Ay.’ said tie- lad. I hank the Bard cmd (he firmer; '* I was fear' d it was (he h rrors." If- had bem afraid that tie- appearance was «mb petive, ami lorn et whiskey t-ddv. I 1 Hiding that 1' was ob|— cive, lie was re as-un-d, though m-itln-r he nor his eorn punion f-va-r knew what the thing was that th.-y had look-1 on. They both, perhaps, were -- - r-, ami “had the ■smell for a ghos'A To myself, flic most impressive sp<ctrc I ever h-ard of. at next to first hand, was this —I think I m vy have tr Id the tab before- -There is, in an Lnglish country, a village of ope long str-t'l. J lie homes are small and old. At the head of the street, and at ri-ht angles to it, is the manor-limp"' among bs trees. Tim lily of th- place was driving though t.he villog*- om* flay (she told me the tale), whf n, through the opc-n floor of ope of tlm houses fi\« ei six children rushed o-ji n. tin- utm-st pane - , and one of them f, ’] flown m a l*t b. f.>re tni* hors*.-, 'Ihis was about three o « lock in the afternoon, on a sunny August day. 'i'ho lady stepped, attend'd" to the child, and asked the others what ail'd them. I lu-y said t hut they had been a* play on the staircase, when they were terrified by a dreadful w'om*n, who suddenly ap peared among them. And why was the woman dreadful I lie children could Huy only she was dressed in a long woollen rob**, and had Jk r brow ami chin bound up with whit" linen. In fact, she w-p. n walking -orps-, t one- had'; from th- dav« wh' n tin- law < smp-lled us to be buried in woollen, for the bitter encouragement of the wool trad-. This wandering old ; fl-ath, sr-n in th- -unlight by children, has always app' al- d to m- as a **ry good example of ghost - and of th-n vague, un ue< ountabh- ways, l or it is most unlikely that tlm fhildren knew anything of the obsoi' fe law or of the ancient Kngdi-h mortuary fashions. However, tle n an differences of taste in ghcat stories, and many prefer seine-hing with more of a motivf* for an appearance. But the best attested spec*res are motiveless; they I resemble, as Mr. .Myers say.-;, what we i might expect of a (had man’s fevered) dr earn, if in that sleep of death such dr< •am., may come. Whether they come , to the (h ud or nof, a of r< fraction of ! th em has come, and probably will always ! • ome, to tin- living, now and then, and like “ A f-urm-t: tench, | A chorus ending of KuripideH, 1 will ever make us Ie~s assured that we know all about our wives and have .spoken the final word on d-ath ami life. This, j I think, is the moral and the less >n of | ghost stories—we do not vt know ! everything. j To M,\ki: Homi; Hai-i-v. Nature is | industrious in adorning her dominions ; and man, to whom this beauty is addn-<-e d, should feel and obey this lesson. Let him, too, be industrious in adorning Ids domain -in making his home the dwelling of his wife and children, not only convenient and comfortable, but pleasant. Let him, as far as circum stances will admit, be industrious in sur rounding It with pleasant objects--in decorating it, within and without, with things that tend to make it agreeable and attractive, L< t industry make home the abode of neatness and order—a place which brings satisfaction to every inmate, and which in absence draws lad: the heart by the fond asso' iations of comfort and content. Let this he dom*, and this sa< r< d spot will become more surely the scene of i In erfulm : s and pence. Ye parent**, who would have your childien happy, he industrious to bring ilif-m up in the midst of a p easant, a iheerful, uml a happy home. Waste, not your time in accumulating wealth for them; but plant in their minds and souls, in the way pro potted, the seeds of virtue and prosperity. 