CLIPPINGS. Enter housemaid to give rotice Mistress : " Why , Sarah, what are you dissatified with }'' Housemaid (with simper):" It ain't as anything is wrong, mum, but I'm going to be married " Mistress ;" Why, you didn't tell me you were'engaged when you came ?" Housemaid : " No, mum, I wasn't then. But you remember you gave me a holiday about two months ago to a funeral. Well, I'm going to marry that corpse's husband." A lady went into a bookseller's bhop to purchase a present for her husband. She hovered round and manifested the usual indecision, whereupon the as- sistant in charge, to help her out of the difficulty, suggested a set of Shakespeare. The would-be purchaser met this proposal, however, with the prompt remark, Ob, he read that when it first came ont!'' Teacher : " What is a synonym ?" Bright boy; " It's a word you can use in place of another one when you don't know how to spoil the other one." A year ago some 20 unengaged young ladies organised a society called the Sunrise Sweeping Society, every member of which obliged herself to sweep the payeinent in front of her house each morning at sunrise for a vear. The plan is recommended to all young women who desire to catch a good and appreciative hnsband. Every member of tho society who had fulfilled her pledge was. married off within three months. How many were there who kept ihe{swepping up ? One I A startling incident oceured at the anniversary services of the West United Presbyterian church at Kirriemuir entirely without a parallel in the memory of the oldest inhabitants. On the afternoon of Sunday, April 5, the minister was calmly preaching his sermon, when a modern Jenny Geddes, infuriated at one of the male members of the choir being asleep, hurled her Bible at the head of the delinquent from the gallery where she was sitting. The Bible missed tbe sleeper, but struck the shoulder of another man in the choir, who started up amazed. The minister became pale, paused in his discourse, and exclaimed , " What's wrong 7 "The Bible struck the wrang man,' she cried, rising up in her pew, although her friends vainly attempted to hold ber down, " 'ttvas meant to wauken the sulfa' sleeper." Strange to say, all present retained their gravity, no* the ghost of a smile becoming apparent ou the faces of the infinitely tickled and astonnded congregation. 