THE ANGLICAN CHURCH IN AMERICA. The Tablet , March 7th, 1891, publishes am - artiole by the R.O. Canon Moyes, upon the teaching of the Auglioan EpiBcopul Churohin America, which there fills the place of the Established Church in this country, but with out the trammels of State control. He writes : " I have before me a ' Catechism ' compiled by the Rector and Clergy for the congregation of Trinity Church — one of the high placeB of advanced Anglicanism in New York." Canon Moyes then proceeds to quote from this Oatochism, passages which set forth distinctly R. Catholic doctrine. Amongst others he takes the following, as " going straight for 1 the Mass and Transubtt-intiation : — Q. What is offered lo God in the Eucharistio Sacrifice? A. First Bread and Wine ; afterwards the Body and Blood of Christ under the form of Bread and Wine. Q. Is the Eucharist a Sacrifice apart from Christ's Sacrifice on the CroBs ? : A. No. It is a sacrifice not by way of a new death, but by way of a standing memorial of His death. , . Q. What iB the purpose of this Memorial Sacrifice ? A. It pleads to the Eternal-Father, Bets forth before the world, and applies to our souls the One Sacrifice of Christ. : > Q. When we oalebrate the Holy Eaoharist ' on earth, with what do we join ourselves ?r | A. With the offering of Onrist in Heaven. ' Q. How SO ? iA. Christ in Heaven is doing in Glory what1 4 the priest on earth is doing in a Holy Mystery.' > !On the same subject, Canon -Moyes also ! quotes from the Catholic Champion, " an advano.-di Anglican Organ/' published in New York, .as follows : — : : j What means all this controversy constantly going on with reference to the Real Objective presence and Transubstantiation ? Tuere may be a philosophical distinction between the two theories, but praotioally they amount lo the same thing. There is no point of reverent practice and Eaoharistic devotion involved in Roman Transubstantiation that is not equally involved in the Anglican Real Objective Presence, yet men write and argue vehemently that there is tbe greatest possible difference between the faith of the Roman and that of the Anglican in regard to tbe Blessed Saora- ment : the Roman believes in the notnal change of Substance, the Anglican only in the ' Real Presence. Is the Real Presence then the true via media between Roman and Calvinistio faith concerning the Blessed Sacrament ? One might suppose so from the way people in the Ohurch talk about it, yet the Real Presence and Transnbstantiation both involve one and the same Eucharistio adoration, while, from the Calvinistio point of view, all suoh adoration is idolatrous. Reverting to tbe Oatochism, Canon Moyes takes up the subject of " Confession," and quotes as follows : Q. Who roan forgive sins V A. God alone can forgive sins. Q. By whom is God pleased to forgive Bins ; in the Church ? A. By the priests of the Church. | Q. When did God give the Christian priest- hood anthority to forgive sins. in His name? A. When Jeans breathed upon his disciples, . ondi said : 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted : unto. them, and whose soever sins ye retain ' they are retained." <3\. What ia Absolution ? : A . A means by which the sins we commit aftor. baptism are pnt away. Q. By whom must Absolution be adminis- tered?i „ A.. By a bishop or a priest. . 