AN AUSTRALIAN GHOST. Anyone who is acquainted with our Australian colonies, especially with New South Wales, will remember the excitement which prevailed when this well substantiated tale of supernatural appearance was first bruited abroad. Though a comparatively young country, Australia is old in ghostly legendary lore, and many and strange are the tales of apparitions which have come to us from the land of gold. Fisher's ghost, which- created so great an excitement in Melbourne and its vicinity, is too well known to re quire more than a passing allusion, whilst Henry Kingsley, in his " Recol lections of Geoffrey Hamlyn," has given us little bits of ghost- lore which make us long for a further supply. The blackfellows, too, when they can be got to talk, have wild and weird tales to narrate of the super natural denizens of the scrub, and the mysterions bunyip which reside in the waterholes, and is the more dreaded because human eye has never caught sight of his form. Yet, prosaic as people may consider Australia, it is, after all, a land of romance. Even its horrors of crime are different from the cutthroats of the older continents, and the atrocities of Schinderhannes pale before the fiendish outrages of ; Michael Howe, whilst Dick Turpin's j ride to York is not more wonder ful than the fate of the iron-clad . Kelly. So many porsons witnessed 'the apparition, the tale of which we are about to give our readers, that no room is left for doubt of any descrip- 1 tion, and with this brief prelude wo j may as well plunge into our story j without further delay. | Windsor and Richmond stand on j the opposite sides of the valley down | which tho Hawkesbury river flows, which is spanned by a bridge where j the highroad which connects the two ; towns runs down to the banks of tlie j stream. Some four miles up the river, on the Richmond side, was the farm of a man named Morgan, who was not held in any great estimation by his neighbors. Not that any definite charge could be brought againBt him, for he neither gambled, drank or in any way made him self objectionable : but, for all that, there was something about him which inspired a feeling of inexpressible re pugnance ; and so it happened that he was shunned by Iris neighbors, and but few of the better sons ever crossed the threshold of his dwelling. In spite, however, of this feeling, Morgan was not absolutely cut, and when the inhabitants of either Wind sor or Richmond met him on the road tho usual forms of salutation were gone through. One bright summer morning in November, as a Mr. Marker and his wife were driving from Windsor to Richmond, they mot Morgan, seated in his shabby old buggy, di awn by a raking chestnut horse with a white blaze down his face, which was as well known in the neighborhood as Morgan himself. " Morning, Mr. Marker," said the farmer, as the two vehicles came along side of each other. "Good-morning, Mr. Morgan," was; tho response. . " A fine day, is it not?" ;' "Yes," answered Morgan, ; "a pre cious deal too fine a day for a man to commit such a foolish act as I am on my way to do." - " Why, you have not the credit of acting unwisely as a rule," .returned Marker, who, in spite of his repugnance, seemed impelled by some mysterious power to converse witli the man. " Well," answered Morgan, as a saturnine grin passed over his dark features, " I daresay some people would congratulate me, and say that I was doing the right thing ; but, to make a long story short, I am going to bring my wife home." " Your wife," repeated -Mrs. Marker, in the utmost surprise ; " are you going to be married, Mr. Morgan ?" "There you are," returned the farmer ; " trust a woman for almost going off' her head when marriage is mont.ioned ; but you haven't got hold of the right pig by the ear this time — I've been a married man these 17 years and more." " Seventeen years !" exclaimed Mr. Marker. " Why, you have been 15 years on your farm, and I've never seen a sign of a wife belonging to you." " You see," answered Morgan, with a sneer, " you clon't often condescend to favor me with a visit, but for all that you are right. Two years after we had got hitched tho missus and I agreed to differ and separate, precious nearly the only thing wo ever did agree about. At any rate, we have kept it up until now, when she is coming back to me." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 