What t* t i t T N E IN F lU K N C E THAT fiOME- TIM ES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR W ILL " No, I do nut believe In ghosts/1 said ( ta o ld lsdy«f great etperiMBe. “ but I • do believe i& the fflmistrstioh o f spirit?.’’ This is hot the age nor tbe country in which the Bopernstaral flourishes. In ­ terest centres about the practical. Haunted bouses are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to knook off a portion r f ike rant, There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at tunes of abUo pettaliat thfluenoe bwljiogOBftefctdns. W e afe led to do things we bhobld bOt do of oilf own volition -tbe Vudota bl *Mcfc we ob hbt l^pfeci&te; until afterikardS; ,tb&p; we wonder how we oaibe lo dh them W e are forced to learn that wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In th s practical age results are what prople are looking after* They believe in what they see; the “ evidence of things not seen" Is to be Weighed ia the future.1 When a ftsn ft sick be watits to.get Well i fib fiifo* little what medical method is employed if it carer. B at if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the pbyeiean, and ehdairt ihto is nethotft Bf .fcwifiatloh. Siifig it is Someniher if some a inflaenoe htjjp}1 tofineed ffiyestlgstibn oefore it is too late. El W . Eufitdndsooi of Melbourne, writes, 2 L t October, 1&&) Durihg the past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acate, so that I was frequently seised with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged head* tehe't the reitlit of liver disorder. For ears I thttk su&erfid;, afid I tboUght Sils disorder of the kidneys and HVer ★ottid bring about h more sbrloUs diseaslr., Fifaally 1 tried the effects of W ahuPb sale cfirr; and not u ltil then did X experience any smelioralion in tujr oondiiion. The use of this mediclue kbeeiily wrought a great ehkhge end tour bottles effmt&d; a complete oare." Note what M r Henry ftcririek, of Lonsdale street, Melbourne, ssys; 30th October, 1890. —For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often g with unbearable pains in the back end af right tide, abd tuy digestive ofgah& Aire s|*b ©fit or ofder; in fidditton t was sfflicted fritn congestion of tbe liver sod a periodical betdaohes of a severe nature. o2sccct My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in (he right side, oaused by the congestion of tbe liver, ceesrd. while my kidneys were restored to healthy action.” 