Chapter XXVI. Meanwhile, Katherine had been doing her best all da.v to avoid Neil Hammond. When Helle suggested, as a polite matter of form, that she should not get un to breakfast, she accepted the suggestion. She said she felt n little shaken by her faint, and thoughta good rest would restore her. The children sat upon her bed while she thus played the invalid under false pretences, for the first time in her life, ain't watched her drink her codec and eat her broiled chicken and but tered toast, with the open-mouthed interest that children do take in such transactions: and meanwhile they entertained her so well as almost to make her forget the critical nature of her situation in what was obviously the enemy's camp. When the tray was removed, Mabel, who had now arrived, bore away the children for a walk, by their mother's orders: and then Katherine said she would unpack, because she wanted to get them their presents. .She managed to make her unpacking last out until lunch time, and refused to he lured Irom it by her sister's proposals to show her I the house and the garden. All the time she was aware of Neil's proximity—lie was too big and too loud to be disguised—and the one thing she was determined 011 was not to be left alone with him if she could help it. .loe was away 011 his run, as a matter of course, at this time of day, and why Neil; had not gone with him was easy to guess. And Katherine did not trust her sister not to play into his hands, in spite of her protesta tions. Hut at noon Joe came home, and the lunch hell rang, and there was 110 choice hut to face her tormentor, who was now comparatively harmless, though in rather a tigerish mood. | He breathed hard as he shook hands with her, and there was a look in his eyes which she had seen many times before, hut never j without a quailing heart—a suggestion of | cruel determination, that could bide its time. He knew that she'was fighting him, and let her see that he knew it; also that it was his resolve to get the better of her in the long run, by fair means or foul. She tried to feel that she didn't cave—that it was a disgrace to womanhood to fear him or any man, and | absurdly unreasonable into the bargain, now that she had Forbes to protect her; but the : force of habit was so strong that her very hands trembled when he looked at her. It was an alarming symptom of his state of mind that he scarcely spoke during luncheon. To all Belle's little blandishments | lie returned wide answers or an absent stare, and he allowed Joe to discourse at large about old days at Cambridge, and old yacht ing excursions on the Hroads, without break ing in, as was his wont at such times, to correct the details of a matter 011 which he was recognised to be the best authority. He ate and drank 111 unusual moderation, and altogether his mien was such that Katherine would have been almost glad to see him drunk and disorderly, or in some way giving vent to the suppressed excitement that made his eyes glare under his careful smile. As soon as the meal was over, and she had the chance of a private word with her sister, she gave way to her apprehensions so far as to implore Belle to help her to get off for her walk unobserved by "anybody." At which Belle called her a ridiculous child, and asked her, with a merry laugh, whether she really thought the poor fellow would eat her? But seeing that the case was serious, and the ridiculous child in 110 mood to be trifled with, she said " Very well—of course, if you wish it, dear," and promised to throw any amount of dust into Neil Hammond's eyes. " Only keep him in sight, keep him with you, for die next hour—just for this once, Belle ; that is all I ask." " Have no fear," replied Belle, airily. " I never yet met the man that I couldn't keep at my side, if I wanted to. Trust to me, darling; I'll see that it is all right." So Katherine trusted to her. Whether her trust was betrayed, or whether Neil was the first man to resist the nowera of fascination on which Mrs. Anderson so con fidently relied, noljody but herself ever knew. But before Katherine had crossed the second paddock, and while resting in imagined safety under a clumj) of hushes, having walked a good mile in a little more than twenty minutes, there loomed upon her startled vision the six-foot-six of solid man hood which, with a great deal of goodness in it, was the evil genius of her life. When Bhe saw him she cried, "Oh Neil!" in a tone that was all but a shriek. " Now don't, don't," he implored, lifting a big, deprecating hand that shook as evi dently as hers had done at luncheon; "don't look as scared as if X were a ghost or the devil. Why are you frightened of me, Katherine? You know 1 wouldn't hurt a hair of your head—I'd lie down and let you walk over me, if it would do you any good. Look here, let's be friends—shake hands, and let's be friends. Let mc walk a little wav with you. and—and let's talk things over quietly-" He held out his tremulous hand, and there was something; like a tear in the eyes that had looked so wicked and cruel an hour ago. The sight of that tear appalled her, and the recognition of his tender mood, which might mean surrender in another man, but be tokened only desperation in him. She ex tended her hand with the pale fortitude of a martyr thrusting it jnto the flames, and he seized it, and carried it to his lips, and kissed it with the mumbling ferocity of a hungry wild animal with a bone. She tried to wrench it from him, but might as well have tried to pull down the tree under which she stood: and she tried to tall out in protest against tne indignity to which ' she was being subjected, ana which, if un checked, was sure to lead to something worse; but her throat seemed to close, ana, she oould, only gasp " Neil ! Neil l" in a husky, toneless whisper. Wildly she looked down the track along which she expected Forbes to come, but, like Sister Anne, saw no prospect of timely deliverance; and, while she looked, Neil, still holding her hand, sank on his knees before her, and in another moment had her bodily in his arras, with his great bull head against her breast. " Don't! Don't! Don't!" he cried in savage anguish, as she began to struggle. " Kathe rine, have some mercy ! I have come all this way after you, and I must have you—I wili! There's no man in the world can love you as I do. I'll do anything you ask me—any thing, anything " He choked, and could not go on, but looked up at her convulsed face with his terrible, wild eyes, that streamed with tears. "Let me go!" she shrieked, finding her voice at last. " How dare you touch me— I, that am as good as a married woman?" And she tore at her skirts, which his arms confined as in bands of steel. He let her go for just the instant that it took him to spring to his feet, and then held her by the shoulders more fiercely than before. " Don't talk to me of him!" he cried, blazing out upon her, all his tenderness gone, as she knew it would go at the first hint of her engagement, his anger all the hotter for it, as a fire that is fed with oil. "Am I going to give you un to a—a thinn like that 1 —a little whipper-snapper of a would-be London fop—a mere 'board-ship lover, who has had a hundred sweethearts, and will have a hundred more—who would have fallen in love with anybody to pass the time, and fell in love with you because there was no one else. Oh, you needn't look like that! I know what I am talking al»out. Joe Anderson and your sister have told me the sort of man lie is. Why, that very Christmas that you fancy he fell in love with you he was over head and ears with Carry; and after that he went away ami forgot both of you, and nearly engaged himself to a girl in Scotland—his brother told your sister alrout it; lie simply filled his letters with ravings about her. Ami he's got a heap of them here—Mrs. Lloyd-Price, Mrs. Biddulph, and I don't know who else. Do you mean to say you can stoop to care for a fellow like that? —to take other women's leavings? I know better. You have simply done it to spite me." She was looking at him steadily now, with that look of concentrated contempt in her eyes and her set mouth which always pro voked the devil in him to do its worst. " Will you let me go, Neil Hammond V" she asked him, in a quiet, breathless, deliberate way that was too maddeningly exasperating to be borne, in the mood he was then in. lie shook her slightly, but with an ominous suggestion of strength against which hers was no more than that of an egg-shell undo! a steam hammer, and ground his teeth audibly. " By God, Katherine, I believe I shall kill you some day," he said, panting, " when you look at me like that!" She felt, in the convulsive contractions ol his steel-sinewed fingers on her shoulders, that these were no idle words, but she was too bitterly -resentful of the outrage she was suffering to feel either fear or pity now. "Why don't you?" she retorted, with an icy smile. " It is just the thing that would be worthy of you. Here I am--defenceless in your hands." " I'd kill you, and hang for it—cheerfully —sooner than see you put your arms round another's man's neck and kiss him. as you did last night. And," he continued, with a fierce tremble running over him that struck through her nerves like an electric shock, " if you would only do it to me, Katherine— put up your arms and kiss me of your own free will—anybody might kill me afterwards. I should die happy." It was better to be killed herself than to court the inevitable consequence of letting liiiu dwell for a moment upon this dream of bliss. All the answer she made was to look at him from under haughty, half-closed eye lids, with the hardness of marble, and repeat in a still voice, " Will you let mego?" " Nohe roared, like a bull that feels the darts of the toiero in his neck. " I won't let you go! I'll hold you till I conquer you—by God, I will!—if we stay here till the day of judgment. Katherine"—panting fiercely— " don't light like that, for your own sake, or I shall hurt you—and I don't want to hurt you. I only want to make you listen to reason—to say you will treat me like a civilised being— after all I have gone through for your sake— Katherine ' Well, if you will drive me to it In this moment of her extremity she caught sight of Forbes, crossing the adjoining pad dock. Quick as lightning, and with an almost superhuman effort, she ducked out of Neil's arms, that were enclosing her as in a toothed vice, and ran with the skimming gait of a lapwing to meet her lover. Neil stood dumb founded for an instant, and started to run after her. cursing through his teeth, and shouting with a savage attempt at conciliation, " Come back, Katherine ! Come here a moment!"—wild at the thought of Forbes being called upon to interfere between ,them. But Katherine llew as if she had wings, ami said nothing until she found herself checked at the fence by her dress catching on it, and heard him pounding at her heels: then, tearing herself free, and aware that her rescuer, though near, was still unconscious of her approach, she lifted up her voice in that sudden, shrill cry which was like a knell of doom to all of them. " Forbes ! For-r-bes!" Neil was climbing the fence—an old fashioned chock-and-log fence that could not lie vaulted over—at the moment when Forbes took aim at him, and his great breast heaving with love and rage, was a target that could not well be missed by a man ac customed to shoot straight. Simultaneously with the report, that stopped the girl in her headlong run, she heard the thud of the heavy body hilling from the top of the fence to the ground, and, turning, saw her enemy lying there in a loose heap, face downwards, with his head under his cliest, in the atti tude of a mgn thrown from his horse, with his neck broken. Mrs. Louis d'Or, lvut the reception they met with was very chilling, ns the lady emptied a jug of water over the kings which wetted them considerably. They next tried the local hank manager, who was supposed to have the diamonds in safe keep ing,hut he slipped two feroeiousdogs after the monarchs and they had to lly for their lives. They reached the eluh ahout-f in the morning limp and wet and dirty, looking as unlike diamond kings as it was possible to imagine. The night porter sorted them out earefnlly. dried them. got. them necessary refreshment, and then laid them down to rest on the hearth rug in front of the tire. 