BONNIE KATE. (A SERIAL STORY.) CHAPTER XlX.-KWfWoL) IVy MKS. K. K. DE OOUHCY TAAFPAK, Author ul "Louis Draycott." "tinolfrey .Hurling," '*Cosmo(iordoii, "&c.;, &c.; ">»'<» <jne looks down on John —no one dare «a;d Kate at last, setting her small white teeth hard «ft«-.r the utterance of the last word. Miss Libbie's email, fihrowd grey eves it'ldnd with cunning. " Hot that young sprig, that cousin o'yonrnt Why theb didna'be stay to see him'! Was it pbowift* 'Ojuoh politeness to come like that, and Jwkp -himself off before nephew John came lnime? Don't tell me, Mistress John ; I'm not «>!n t<> be fooled like that. The lad's coming again to-day, isnot be' -Well, yo'll see; he'll «im«, and hell go.; bat hell shape things BO he mm't meefour Jotin.": It was true—true—true! but not as Miss Liberie thought. The coil seemed tightening, the tangle thickening, about Bonnie Kate. The more she struggled, the closer was she clipped and tied " u ii by the meshes that were none of her own v< nviiig. She would have given worlds to have given IIIB* Libbie the lie. But how to do so ? While the sat therejpuang out fixedly at the lovely sunny day that seemed to mock W . . * wwmea TO TOOCK net ivith its beauty, the .worst blow of all fell cashing on her drooping bead. "It'sower true, after all, what John said a while back—ower true—bwer true; and now tlfre'E no way out on't." Kr.te was on her feet in a moment; she K-.od before Miss Libbie with etar- bright trf-s panting- breast, ljljp an avenging 1 Fpirit. ^VTiat did John say?" Miss Libbie had never yet heard the voice in which Kate Granger put that question, The V<orkshirewoman was no coward, but yet thetKKMMte conscious of a chilliness about the spine, and her hands shook as she gripped them one in the other, " It waAia' much, 1 * she said, hesitating. But Kate's Sook and voice were imperative. Misfe Libbie Ml that too retreat was possible. " He did bo' say as the time might come, if «mly he waited long enoo', when he'd be Borry hfc'd wed wi' them as wur like to look down on him and his'n." ! • There was a silence so heavy, so complete, so tippressive, that the plaintive cheep of a bird outside seemed to rend and tear it as might a human cry. j Miss Libbie could not see, move, or stir from the still figure seated in the full radiance of thc sunlight. She was conscious of a mad impulse to scream. What had she done ? So thoroughly carried away by the heat and passion of the moment was Miss Libbie that she was actually unconscious of the untriith of tbe words she had uttered; she had, for the time being, absolutely forgotten that the words made use of were simply her own—that the assent silence is said to give was all of truth she had to go upon. Nay, she had thought of and dwelt upon that passage of arms between herself and John in the old house-plaoe at home so long, and distorted everything about it BO persistently in her own mind, that we may doubt whether she -would have been under cooler circumstances than the present fully aware of how falsely she • was dealing with John's wife. Anyway, Miss Libbie wished Kate would apeak. She felt like a person .who, expecting to see a ghost, longs for the apparition to hurry itself and eo get the worst over. la reality Kate was only silent about three, minutes, but it appeared to Miss Libbie at least half an hour. She could only remember having felt quite so uncomfortable onoe in her life before, and that was when the doctors held a consultation as to whether poor Susie would ever again be "like other folk,", and she and "brother" 'waited' in the house-place for tho verdict. The worst of it was that on the present occasion^ Miss Libbie felt absolutely incapable. •f breaking the awful silence herself. She woijild have given worlds fco dp so; but there was a plum in her throat, ana her lips were stiff, ana clung together. At last it came ; the aoundsof words dropped . heavily one by one, as one might drop stones into a pool, : "John—said—that " The spell was broken. MisB Libbie took a deep breath, and, so to say,, gathered herself together. No one ever knew how near, in that moment of suspense, she' had been to throwing herself on her knees before her nephew John's wife and calling herself a black-hearted, sinful old woman. It i made her gasp to think of such a danger so narrowly escaped. Once more came the slow, dropping words, varied, however, this time; "John—my husband—said that " "There was no other John at Low Cross that I know of," said Miss Libbie, flippant from a sort of hysterical sense of relief, and yet with a strange feeling of dismay gathering about her heart. "There waa a man named John on the farm a while afore. He come to teach Matthew a fancy kind o' bedding out. He wnra bit simple, and caught t' measles at forty-nine He allers went about wi 9 his mouth open, and were like enoo' to catch any Biortal thing." 'AuntLibbie,"put ^ , . in that dreadful, , drag- —app gmg voice again, the while Aunt Libbie's very soul seemed to shrivel op within her, as might the body of some wretched hedgehog roasted is a gipsy's fire, within his coat of bristles, " Aunt Libbie, perhaps you do not know how your words sound in my ears. You never had —a husband. You do not know—you cannot tell—how all one's world centres in him and in his love; how his nnkindness cannot be cancelled, even ever BO little, by the kindness of all the world beside—no one, however good, however dear, can make up—for him. But I forget; you never had a husband; you do not i know what you have done." "WelL n—o," said Miss Libbie, screwing her mouth on one side, and touching and settling the cameo brooch upon her bosom with a coquettish air, "I have never been married; an r it's all on a pieoe with what I'd ought to •xpect and look for under this roof to have it throwed at me like this. Anyhow, I might have been married if I'd wished, same as the rest •f the world. All Low Cross knew that Tanner MoCullam—onoe I'd said at Fairley Harvest Home as I favoured green by way of a •olour—come to church tbe very next Sunday in a tie like the grass. Yes, indeed an' truth 4id he—green wi' a sattin' sheen on it too, the •Jjegantest thing ever seen, and when I saw him standing there wi' the plate in his hand smiling, as much as to say he wore green for »e, 1 got all of a flutter, and dropped the penny from my glove on to the floor, instead •f the plate, an' it roll't and roll't all among the tombstones too, for the porch floor's sunk, an' all aslant even to this very day wi' age and damp an' one thing or another, and Maister Terney's boy had a foine time lookin' for't. lean tell yo' I wur red the while as one o* brother's picklin' cabbages as he's so proud on, that wur L" Thus did Miss Libbie wander on in a maze cf her own reminiscences, trying to seek refuge in a mist of her own creating. But only a pace away a human heart was breaking—a human heart was battling with doubt, and fear, and wild amaze ; a woman, terribly in earnest, was trying to face what to her exalted and perturbed spirit seemed as tbe very bitterness of death itself—the death f hope, and trust, and love, and happiness. 