?? OO^I.^Q*. BY 'TEBA7C,' Author of ' 'With the OHde,' ' Hard Hit,' u Bine and White,' &o.; SPECIALLY WKl'X'JJKN FOR THE « REFEREE.' at.t. JIXQ2X8 'H ^tyEKV *^r ' OHAPTEE XDC AT THE 'DIAMONDS.' TTWASa difficult task Lady Melissa aat J- herself when sho decided to visit ' The Diamonds ' in ? company with snch a man as Hector Flushton. Perilous enough to her honor ifc would be to go alone, but with Flushton there could be but one meaning attached to it had sho been discovered. She was, however, a. woman not easily daunted. Once she had mado up her mind she schemed how to carry out her design. Doubly difficult was her task now Sir William had become suspicious, and sho had an idea he half disbelieved her story about 'The Diamonds,' There are many women, good women, who for some error committed in their youth suffer deeply in after life. When they fancy the dead past buried, ifc rises before them like a ghost and confronts them with horrible reality. Lady Melissa had. the courage of a Hypatia, but she 'was more a modern woman than the famous heroic maiden of old. The more she saw her husband and herself drifting apart, the better she loved him, and consequently the more she hated Plushton. To save her husband pain and shamo was tho uppermost thought in her mind. She would willingly have sacrificed herself to save him, but that sacrifico she knew must not touch his honor through her own. ' The Diamonds.' The very name made her shudder. It conjured up a vision of painted shameless women, clothed in fine garments, covered with diamonds and precious stones that reflected men's lost honor in their glittering, dazzling light. . . ' ; It may be the fashion of the presont world to sneur at honor, and make light of disgrace. Some men are so dead to all sense of shame they cannot feel disgrace, though they may sue 'it dimly through their sensuous clouded vision. Ifc may be the ? fashion to jesfc at a woman's ruin, and laugh at the wreck of. a mother's honor. There aro men base enough to take ad vantagu of women's helplessness, but heaven help such men when their day of reckoning arrives. Lady Melissa was in the power of a man who knew not what it was to honor another man's wife. Flushton was popular, as such men go, he mixed freely with tho women of his world, and their in nocent daughters. But it were better for a woman to die before she fell into such a man's power. Hector Flushton could not be called brutal to some women, although he was painfully cruelly outspoken to Buch women as Florrie St. George and Bella Luscombe. But Lady Melissa had ono keen weapon she could 'turn against this man did sho know it. The basest nature generally has some spark of better feeling in it. That better spark in Flushton's nature wag his 'ad- miration for the woman he had, and felt he had, in his power. He loved Lady Melissa better than any woman he had ever met. Ho had loved her before she married Sir William, although, perhaps, ho hardly knew it. Ifc was strange the very thing in Hector Flushton that Lady Melissa feared inosfc was her greatest safeguard against him. Hector Flushton had also thought much over his interview with Lady Melissa. The more ho thought the less he could under stand hiuiselt. He bad meant to gain her at any cost, and now ho hesitated. He knew sho would ask to see the proofs ho had said ho could show her.. What Florrie St. George had actually shown him was a copy of a certificate of the birth cf a male child. Ilo knew the name3 on it, of course, or more correctly speaking tho mother's name, but the man's name, which was the same surname, ho had never heard of. H« had jumped to a certain conclusion, and Florrie St. George ho knew now had put him on the right track. Sir 'William Melissa was called away to Adelaido o.'i business, and this was Lady Nora's oppor tunity. She communicated with Hector Flushton, and a time was appointed to visit ' Tho Diamonds.' Flushton had some difficulty with Florrio St. George, but he had at last overcome her scruples, and Bella Luscombe would be absent from the house when the interview was-to take place. Lady Melissa ordered her carriage, and drove to the theatre alone. This was strange, thought old Marks, the butler, but probably she would join a party there. She remained in the theatre a short timo, and then came out as though .overcome with the heat. She met Flushton, who assisted her down stairs, and very little notice was taken of them He had a privato carriage at hand, and they drove d'irect to 'The Diamonds.' It was a curious drive, As yet no word3 had actually been spoken by Hector Flush ton, which said plainly Lady Melissa was the woman alluded to in his story. But it needed no words to convince them they thoroughly understood each other, iVhnt Lady Melissa feared even more than the chance of exposure with Flushton was tho meeting with the woman who held her secret, and such a woman. . . : .. On arriving at ' The Diamonds ' Hector Flushton handed her out and they went into the house. Presently Florrie St. George entered, and Lady Melissa could not repress a slight shudder as she saw her. It did not escape the notice of the woman who held her secrot. There wa3 no need of an introduction. Lady Melissa said : 'Would you be kind enough to let me have a few moments alone with Miss St. George?' ' , ' ' She takes it deuced cool,'. thought that lady. Hector Flushton bowed, and went on to the verandah, where he lit a cigar. He had no desire to be present at the inter view. . '.'?'.. 'I believe. Miss St. George you are .in possession of some papers which belong to me ?' said Lady Melissa, haughtily. ' Would you- allow me to see them ?' This was not the kind of tone Miss St. George had expected to be addressed in, and she resented it. . .. ' Excuse me, Lady Melissa, I have no papers of yours. T hoy were left to me by my mother.' ' Let mo see them f' said Lady Melissa. ' Why should I let you see them ?' said Florrio St. George. . ? Lady Melissa changed her manner. ' ' I ask it as a favor of one woman toward another,' sho said. ' Then I will show you ? thorn. Come with me,' arid Florrie St. George led the way into her own room, . . . Ifc was a luxurious room, and again Lady Melissa shuddered as she entered it. Florria St. George- ope.ieU ft drawer, &nd; took out a am»U box. fc ' Lady Melissa, I will trust you to return me tho contents as they are. Promise me that 9' she said. 'I will,' said Lady Melissa, and Florrie St. George knew she meant it, and handed her the box and key. Lady Melissa took, it with trembling hands. She knew it. What feelings the sight of that small box conjured nip. It was some minutes before she opened it. Florrie St. George watched her steadily, and felt a peculiar feeling of uneasiness stealing over her. Her desire for humilia ting Lady Melissa, seemed to have loosened its hold upon her. 'With trembling handa. Lady Melissa opened tho box. She lifted out a small chain andminiature. She gazed at it fondly, and tears started to her eyes. ' It was a picture of a curly-haired little lad, with brighfrblue eyes.' It waa the picture of such a lad a3 Hall Caine would have delighted to call ' Little Sun locks.' A bpnnie little fellow. You could almost see the merry twinkle in his childish eyes, and hear the half broken words falling from his pretty lips. Not more than four years old. ' My God I' said the childless wife of Sir William Melissa, and her pru.-i spirit seemed broken. . '' Sho heeded not the presence of Florrie St. George. She forgot she was there. Her whole being was wrapped up in the innocent childish face before her.. That heart-broken cry, ' My God '.' had pierced tho other woman's heart. Some where, deep down in the dulled feelings, her sinful life had left her, Florrie St. George found the remnants of a better woman, a girl as she had boen in former days. She could not tear herself away. She felt fascinated. Lady Melissa had cast a apell over her, and she waited. Sir William's wife was filled with bitter thoughts. A mighty self reproach had risen up in her heart. Where was that child now ? Sixteen yeara ago she had cried with delight over those little curly babyish locks. She had fondled them with a mother's tender caress, she had kissed them, and they had felt in her hands softer than any silks she had ever possessed. She had watched the bright gleam in those pretty blue eyes when the little fellow saw her coming, and had run with ?hildish glee to greet her. She again heard the patter of the little feet, and the jlasp of the tiny hand, as her own darling had lisped in childish glee. 'Woo's turn, mamma. What has woo dot for oor pretty boy ?' Then in imagination she once more clasped him in her arms, and filled hia open hands with childish delights pur chased at curious toyshops and con fetionery stores. And that was sixteen years ago. The papers lay in the box. The papers she had come to buy, at any cost. The papers which held the story of her life, and were in another woman's hands. ? - She heeded them not. Hector' Flush ton, husband, position, fear, danger, dis grace, were all lost in one sad remem brance, the bitter recollection of wrongs done to tho child, whose miniature lay before her. ' My God ! where is he now ?' she nioaned. And tho other woman loookod at her, and big tear-drops stood in her eyes. Was this Florrio St. George? Could this bo tiie woman who danced an im promptu can-can on tho drawing-room table, amid a chaos of empty champagne bottles, and clouds of cigar smoke, and the. liiughtor of coarse men ? Was this Florrio St. Georgo who had vowed Lady Melissa should be humbled in the dust, and that sho should not take Hector Flushton from her ? It was, and yet it was not. There had never been such a scene in 'The Dia monds ' as this before. There had been tears of rage, but never such tears as tho3e shed in Florrie St. George's room. ' 'Whore. U he now? My little angel,' said Lady Melissa, looking still at the miniature. 'No harm could befall a. child like that,' said Florrie St. George. Lady MeliS3a looked up, she had forgotten the presence of another woman. It re called her to a sense of where she was, but afc the same time she saw the change that had come over Florrie St. Georere. ' Tell me. Where is the boy?' said Lady Melissa. ' I do not know,' said Florrie. 'Is— is he dead.'' faltered Lady Melissa. ' I do not know,' was the answer. Lady Meli33a rose from her seat. ?' What has become of that child ?' she said, a3 she took Florrie St. George by the wrist. ' Oh ! Lady Melissa, don't speak like that, I cannot bear it. I am a bad woman, I know, but I would give all I possess to find out what became of little Jack.' ' Did I not leave him in your mother's care ? ' asked Lady Melissa. ' Yes, but he ran away when quite a little chap. When you did not come to see him after your marriage with Sir William he pined and fretted and oneday heran away,' said Florrie St. George. ' Were you kind to him ? ' said Lady Melissa. ' Perhaps not so kind as we might have been,' said Florrie St. George. ' And your mother died ? ' said Lady Jlel lissa. ... ' Yes,' said Florrie, with a sob, ' PerhapB it was better he ran away,' said Lady Melissa. It was cruel, but she could not help saying it. Florrie Stl George was somewhat nettled afthis remark, and in her old manner said : 'It's not for you to call up memories like that. You are not perfect. Lady Melissa.' ' Forgive me,' said Lady Melissa. 'I bog your pardon. I should not have said ' that.' ' Those papers are yours, Lad; Melissa,' said Florrie St. Georgo. . 'Mine 1 Do you mean to tell me I can take those papers ?' ' You can,' said Florrie St. George.. ' All of them.' -... . ? : ? 'And you- — ' asked Lady Melissa. ? ' I' will riot take anything but . your thanks, Lady Melissa. I did that lad a wrong. . I will try and find hiiri for you.' 'I must find him,' said Lady Melissa, 'if only to help him as an unknown friend. But it is yery generous of you to give me these papers. What can I do in in return for them ?'. Florrio St George blushed . as. she .said: 'Do not tell Hector 'Flushton. you. tiv Lady Melissa looked at her and thought : ??And she loves Flushton, and ho ? ' Bhe shuddered at what such a man waa capable of doing with a woman like this, ' I promise you I will not tell him,' Bho said. 'Give me your hand. If evor you are in need of a friend send for me. _ No matter when or where, I will help you.' 'I will not forget, Lady Melissa. I feel a better woman no-v. It was that innocent chad's pioturo did this,' said Florrie St. George, Lady Melissa took the papers and the miniature, carefully folded them and placed them in tho bosom of her dress, ' I must go now,' she said. 'With Hector Fhmhton ? ' said Florrie St. George. 'Yea. . It ia necessary,' said Lady Melissa. ' I can trust you ? ' asked Florrie, ' Implicitly,' said Lady MeliBsa. ' I will do all I can for you.' When.Lady Melissa joined Hector Flush ton he had become very impatient and was not in tho best of tempers.'. However, he consoled himself by thinking Lady Melissa ?would no doubt be brought to her senses when she found she could not purchase the papers from Florrie St. George. 'fNo fear, of her parting with 'em' thought Flushton. ' She's too fond of me, and they give her sucha hold over her lady ship. But I'll get them, and use them too if Lady Nora does not listen to reason. And yet I feel I cannot harm her when she is near me. The sight of her at Sir William's side, however, makes my blood boil.- I must have her.' 'Ah ! here you are. I fancied you were never coming,' said Plushton, as Lady Melissa appeared. ' I am ready to go,' she said, quietly.' 'Then go we will. This is no place for you,', he said. ? -???-' ?'??' She made no answer and stepped into the carriage. As she was doing so a figure passed close by the window on the opposite side, but she did not see it. - Ifc was Toddy Blake on a, visit to his enamorata. 'Whew!' he -whistled, 'That's un common like Lady Melissa. Hector Flush ton, too, and the pair of them afc 'the Dia monds.' Well, this - is a go. This may come in useful, Mr. Flushton, some day.'- As Hector Flushton arid Lady Melissa drovo to the theatre, the former said just before they reached the stopping place : ' You saw the papers, Lady Melissa.' '? I did,' she replied. 'What; I said -was correct; I made no mistake.'. ' ? ' You did not.' ' And I know the lady perfectly well ?' ' You do,' sho replied. 'Then we perfectly understand each other ?' ho asked. 'Perfectly!. Mr. Flushton,' she said. ' And I may call and see you soon ?' he said, eagerly. 'Whenever you choose,' she replied. ' A thousand thanks, dear Lady Nora,' he said, elated with the success of his plan Lady Melissa reached home, safely and locked the precious papers and miniature in a secret drawer in her escretoire. As she turned the miniature key she said in a triumphant tone : ' You may call whenever you like, Hec tor Flushton ; I shall be quite ready to receive you.' (to be continued.) 