CHAPTER XX >X. •Djn’t speak of ghosts,’ wailed Jack, in an swer tu the blonde's remarks with which we closed the previous chapter. O'Neil fll Darragh rose from his seat and, going to a cupboard in one corner o£ tho room, brought loith a bottle and a couple of glasses. Jack seized the bottle the moment it was put on the table, and pouring one ol ihe glasses nearly full, he drank it oil without a •By George 1 you wttits dry!' exclaimed the blonde. • Give me the money yon promised and I'll get out of here.’ •No, no, sit down. I tell yon I have a big job on hand, and there is a heap of money in it, we can tarn in a few days—money enough to keep ua for life 1’ Tae half-breed ventured another glance at the mirror.: He saw reflected there only hia-own dark visage, to wbioh the colour had returned by •theeffoois of the hoavy glass of whisky he bad tukeD. • Sit down, ait down 1' said O'Neil. ‘ I tell you, old man, I'll make yon rich : and yon’U have a flat lull of these fellows if you'll only settle down to business.’ As the blonde spoke he displayed a roll of banknotes. Tho ball-breed’s eyes at onoe gleamed with another light far different from that which only a etoond or two before had illuminated The curse on his soul was the lovo ol gam bling, and to gratify this passion he mnst have money. Here was a man displaying heavy notes and-asking him to become a sharer in apian to obtain thousands. Again he seized the bottle and drank off a heavy quantum. As he drank off thesecond glass he resumed his seat. “ ; • Von bogin to look a little like yourself again now, said the blonde. ‘ Butaseoond ago you remiuded me of the condition I was. in once.’ • Whet condition .'web that ?’ asked the half-breed. ... _ __ _ I _ • Well, I killed a man once, ana rur swo years was haunted by hib ghost, ■ - As the blonde pronounced tho word ‘ ghost Jaok ohanoed to glance onoe again toward the mirror,when he again nought sight of the .blood-Btained apparition which he had before ^This time he leaped to hiafect and uttered an oath, but did not show snoh signs of ter .ror as he had displayed a few second' prevt °U,BHang it, old man 1' Baid.O'Neil, ‘ you aoi like a man who was haunted by aghoafc, for avorv time I use the word you go shaking like • anaspen leaf, 'Sit down and take another Jaak did not want urging to take the drink ; and having recovered somewhat from hia firefc terrors, with the aid of the;fames of the whisky, he mastered sufficient courage to re sume his seat. • I was telling you about my gboBt, said tbe blonde. . Jack winced but made no reply. • That ghoBt followed me for two years, but I laid him at last.’. . _ .. . • ' . . . 1 How did you- lay him? said Jaok, his eves bulging out with eagerness. '•Well, I’ll tell yon some other time. What we want totalk about now is business, Thus job I want yon to get into with me ie a good one, but there ia blood to :be let. • o Jaok involuntarily glanced in the glass, at the same moment a strange, sepulobral voice was heard to nay: ., ,,, 1 No more blood 1 no more blood 1,_ _ Tbe half-breed at this fell from his ohair “itwaB tally half an hour before M'Darragh mBnBged to bring the fellow round. The instant Jaok was restored tbe blonde ' Mid to him.: _ . • . old man, what sent you off in that man, want .to get away from here I’ murmured JacIc, in husky tones,' \ ■ ?:; • Why do yon want to get away T ‘ Didn’t you hear that voioa ?' asked the half-breed.. ~ u.u 126' • Hear what voioe ?’ ‘A voice which said," No more blood I no more blood!’” 1 No, air I I heard no voioe. Ton must be drunk, or else you’re haunted.’ Jack rose to his feet and moved toward the door. . I Where are yon going now ?' asked the blonde. II am going to leave this house.’ 1 Well, if yon won’t Btay, I’m not going to ooaxyou.’ ' , „ . The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered a piercing sorealn and dashed the door to again. , ,, ‘ Hang it, old man I you’re drunk, sure 1 said the blonde, while a smile played over his • Oh, heavens 1’ groaned Jaok. «What’s the matter V asked O’Neil. ■Didn’t you see it?’ ’See what!’ ■ Why—why, a— a—’ ■A what? My man, you are as drunk as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I ever saw, drunk or sober. Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the en trance : ‘ Open that door I’ , M’Darragh stepped forward and opened the door. Nothing was visible. ‘ By thunder I I muBt be drunk or I m dreaming muttered Jack. • What did you think you saw ?’ aBked the blonde1 ■ The ghost of my mother,’ answered the half-breed. ‘ Did you kill your mother ?’ ■ No.’ • Well, then, you’re drunk sure; for you will never eee a ghost unless it is the phan tom of Homo one you have murdered. I know that. The detective shut the door, when Jack tot tered aoroas the room and opened the door himself. , There, in the darkness, stood the form of Harry Trondall. _ The blood Bhone red on bis fair looks, his face pale, and his eyes gleaming with a str.-.nge light. Jack left the door standing open and, stag gering back into the room, asked, addressing the blonde: _ • Do you sea anything in that doorway r ‘No.’ • Are you sure?’ ‘Ch.go along with you, old man. You are c-niy fooling. Don’t you suppose that if I saw anything there I should aay so at once ?’ * ^ The half-breed made a movement to pass through the door despite the presence of the phantom, when tho latter raised his hand warningly, and motioned the terrified fellow Tae half-breed pecoiled, after daBhing the door to. . • Well, I’ll be hanged, old boy, if you am t making mo nervous, I guess you're crazy; you make my flesh crawl l’ 41 eaw it again f ■ Saw what?’ . ‘ Jly mother's ghost I' ■ See here, Jack, you had better go home, I do not think you good company. 1 do not want you around here. You make me ner V°Ab O’Neil spoke he advanoed and opened ths door. Jaok glared in the passage way and saw nothing. • There, get out; yon are tight or crazy !' blontis, __ The half-breed moved toward tne door, thinking that probably the presence of the blonde might keep the apparition down, but the moment he reached the threshold the figure appeared in view, and waved him back as before. Oaoe more the Indian recoiled, stricken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysterio Ah, ha 1 there it is 1 there it ia 1’ ■There's what?' aBked the blondo; ' I see nothing I' _ Tha latter swung tha door to ana aadress iug Jack, said: ■ See here, old man, there ia something up with you. Now, toil me just what you think ! you Eee.' Jack was quite unnerved, and too muoh Bhaken to lie any mor*., and he said: 1 Aa 1 live, I eaw the ghost oia man I used to know 1' • Who is tho man i' • A man who ran away.’ ■ Ran away from where ?’ ■ From a place up in the oountry.’ ■ Then he must have been murdered l’ ■ 1 didn’t murder him 1’ 1 You are apeakiug faleely.l’ oame a hollow j The hali-Oreed’s tongue clove to the roof of his mouth. His face was horribly distorted,but ha was BpeechleES. .. ,: O’Neil stood by, Beemingly unconscious of any eight or sound but thet.which fell from the suffering man before him. At length the half-breed found voice and • Did you hear anything ?’ j ‘Nothing.’ ■ The shadow Bpoke 1’ said Jaok, in a gasp ing voice. 0.8 • See here, old man, you’re keeping some thing back, said the blonde. • What do you mean ?’ ■ Whose ghost ia it you see V • The ghost of Harry Trendali.’ 1 Why should his apparition appear to you, Jack?’ . . ■ I do not know.’ > ’TU false 1’ oamo tho voice. ‘Did you hear it then?’ asked Jaok, in trembling tones. . . . 1 I heard nothing.’ ■ Oh, what shall I do V muttered Jack, in a terrified tone. ‘If that ghost is haunting, you youmuBt “ lay ” him,’Baid O’Neil. ~ t eh0 y o pi r n K)°mf ‘twm amum-iu <* unless they want them to do something; you must find out what the ghost wants you to do, and you will be all right; that is the way I laid my ghost.’ • How oan 1 find out what the spirit wants me to do ?’ 1 You must Bpeak to it.’ ‘ I can’t.’ > . • • «y0u might aB well do it firBt as last, o.d man, for aa it has left itB grave once it will come to'you until yon attend to what it wants.’ .... i ,w Jack was silent a seoond, but at length raustered courage enough to eay: *. Op:h the door.’ • Will you speak to it ?’ The detective at once opened the door, when there, standing in the passage- way,was the figure, terrible and ghastly as: when first 