THE STR1BLI'NG-ROGE}.S TItOPIIY MATCHES. VIOLET TOWN v. EUROA. The above clubs met to decide their second coeltest for the trophy on Saturday last. Both clubs sent representative elevens into the field, and there was oed promise of a close game. The Violet Town captain having vwon the toss decided to send his men to the wickets. W. Davis (capt.) and Kitson being the first to op pose the bowling of Herring and Weir. Davis at once opened out, and by good cricket was not long in compiling 18 runs, when lhe retired beaten by one of Weir's trimners, which just took the hails. Davis would play a much better game were lie to wear pads, as lie is a good bat, but often loses his wicket through fear of getting hit on the legs. 1Kitson was a long time at the wickets for his 7 runs, and found ii iny of Weir's halls too good to take liberties with. Ivans did not play up to his usual free form, and was niever at home to Herring's leg dodgers, to one of whiclh lie succuimbed for the slall total of 4 runs. George Neil played agood vigor ous gaime for 11, and seemed set when lie unfortunately lost his wicket by being run out. citaflord, who made 15, showed good free style, and is certainly a num who will yet mIiake naIlle and solul. goolid scores if lie follows the gamlle up. It was only through the deception of Gleeson's curly sneaks that lie was out, caught beautfnilly bly Weir almost oi the feice. .1. IHill, "a left-hatnder," was niever at holoe to Gleesoni, whol gave him a templing ione which lie placed in Pleasents' hamds, and had to retire for the small score of 2. C. Beggs also lost his wicket to one of the wicked iai's dodgers, and ionly added 4 to the seore. E. Slee could not stand C:lecson's twisters at any price, playing all labroad at one which bowled him for 1. J. McShianu caused somue amusiuiue t by tihe vway lie played at Gleeson'.s tiwisters,wlich lie failed to smiite in his usual style, and was at length out to one wshich curled from his thigh on to, the wickets. J. Davis and Herman Meyer, the last two imeni, hit out right merrily and added :12 maing' . 'run out, ant)leyer 1ý not oute the innings closing for 115 runs, there being 16 for sundries. After a short interval Pleasents and Hlerring faced the bowling of Kiison and Neil. ]eth batsmenl started loffl'i their usual blrilliant style, and runs came fast until llerriig played onel of Kitsou's oii for 1i, whiclh were maide in4 hits. Crocker joined Pleasents, and although ilot quite at home: at lirst lie kept his wicket up and plnyed a fine iinings for 24. iuarbour was Ilext lltlan, and lie anlld Pleaselts gave it good exhlilbition of cricket, the latter beirg the first to retire to a full toss, which glanced off hlis leg oni l the wicket, and was olun for the grand score of 89. This was Pleaseuts' best iuniiigs this season. as lie never gave the ghost of a chance. oees filled the vacancy, but after ,one or two good strokes lie fell a victim to one of SMcShane's Sydney grublbers, and was out for 4. Weir joined Blarhour, whlo had been playing good cricket, and both played iut time. M\cShaue's tueslieakers just suited Arclhie, and lie hit them in all directionms. Barbour and Weir added 94 runs, the former (il anid the latter 33, the tuotal, with (i sundries, being 233 for 4 wickets. Appended are the scores and bowliing analysis : Kitson, b II irilng .. lavi-, i Weir .. .. .. 1 Neil. h, n <@ ,,,t (Croeker) .. 1I Statunl. c Weir, ihlve-iin .. 15 ltill, v Plel aent,, h taie..n tgg'si, . Ii r I,i ii lece s n .. S1ee, I) lieson . .. . ris .. .. .. 1 Tot .. .. .. ..115 Illhlo ig A. yiyst-i.-W-veir, 0n llmll, ?. rllae.?' llilells. m1 wicket, Herrihlg, I0I?lls. "'2 rii, 2 Illa des, wickets ; Olesoll, 50 lollsi is rells, ickiet ; olle., 48 ball,, 1 rnso, 3 tlnidcells. 'llseilts b 'eil . .. 89 ]Icrrinsu, hit ,iii, ib Kitlso? 16i Crocker lil, ii, ib lei .. .. 4 ]itrbuttr. nut nut .... 61 hesd, ib JicSllti .. Weir, t ttt ...... .. 33 dlllltri es ., • • 6 Totad for 4 wickets .. ..2-3 3tr. alllcs Stiewart actisl i s uillire ler iletlc Tsowsii, il, i ei srs. oarrett asid Slltlleitlld fur s tlilrol. 