The Face at the Window. T'f'r SilvaniTodd met me at tho Saville one evening and took mo aside, I waa Jiving ^ in two .100013 not iac from the Edgware \- xoatl. . ''Look here,'Williams," ho began,111 am . going to Egypt on this cholera commission, and I Bhall be away for sis months at least. If you like to moye into my house while I 6m away, do ao." . . " Into your house in Grosvcnor street ?" I exclaimed, "Yes. Why not ?" he replied lightly. I will leavQ cheques for the rent and taxes. You will bo doing me a kindness. Gait is a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave tho nervanta alone in the house," " But as to rent?" I said dubiously, "Haver mind about that,.VrOr play. In -place of rent you can pay the servants' board wages, or find their keep it yon please." " Done with you," I oried heartily. A week later I moved into tho house in Gcoevenor street, No, 100. It was a fair-aiaad house. Oq the right of the hall waa the dining room, spaoious and wftinaaoted in oak, with muob Bombra furniture, and ODQ large window which looked upon tho street. Bqhind this wftB the consulting room. The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well stocked with ferns, and above it a ourioua laoo blind, seoured tho needful privaoy. So mnoli for the house, I had been in it about three weeks; the words, "Come and Bee me; I am living in Grosvenor street now," wore beginning to lose their first sweetness in the month, when, on going out one morning, I found n man standing on the doorstep. Ho liad that moment rang tho bell. "Bootor Silvani Todd?" he asked, looking (coin mo to a paper he held in hia hand. "Are you Dootor Silvani Todd, air?" "No," I haateued to answer, fearing that he wrb collecting rates and taxes. " I am not, Dootor Todd. He ia in Egypt-in the Soudan; right up ia the country, in fact." "Anyono living hera beaido Dootor Silvfttn Todd?" ho asked jerkily, poising a pencil above his list, "Living hero? Well, I am living hero, bat-". "Ohristiaa name, surname and profoa* aion," he put in briskly. " A oard will in . eura aoouraoy." ' Thon he explained that he waa a oanvassor lor a directory. "Your oard, sir? Thank you," he said, " The name shall be inserted, May I take ypur order for a oopy ?" '-.Na,1' I replied brusquely, "la that all you want?" , " All thia morning, thank yon," he airily answered. He waa not one whit abaahed by my man ner or eorutiny. " Then good-morning." I held the door open, and only shut it when ho had fairly turned the aorner. I am a shy man, and his ooolness had staggered me. Bat it I had not seen him, when my back was turned, as ho supposed, in the aot of examining my letter- box-not tho look o( tho door, or the holts or chain, but the letter-box of all things-I was a Dutoh jnan, What could tho man want with my letter-box? I began, though I would not have oonfeaBed to the feeling for the world, to dislike the atillueaa and gloom of the house. It was natural that such quarters should seem quiet in comparison with my old lodgings; but thia alone did not account for my uneasiness, which grow so marked that the striking of a dock startled me, and a ray of sunlight shooting athwart the dim nesa of the room made me jump. No, 1 oaught the infection from Gait. He was a tall, moon-faoed man, ordinarily ; the model of a line and rule servant, sober and Bteady, and noc too intelligent. But he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the house, and though t did not mind thia muoh, I did obieot to another trick he had of glana ing ovtr hia shoulders as he waited at table, while his faae would put on at these times an uoplaaaaut liefcening expression. More than once I aame upon him standing still in the hall listening, And if I went into the con sulting room to water the ferns, he waa sore to ba at my elbaw the next minute, listening again,-I flaieaay, But thia waa not all. One night something happened, whiph gave ma real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I could not sleep, and while I was lying awake, 1 thought I heard a oautious iootstop on tho BtairB, At my door it paused-it it waa a footstep-for I could only hear the oreaking of a board at interval; then it seemed to go lower. " All fancy !" I said to myself, and turned over, "AU fancy!" , Bat I waa not quite BiUibflad, and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pyjamas, just as I was, went out on the landing. 1 oould hear nothing. I oropt soltly down the stairs in the dark. All was still. 'JCUa ticking of thoeight.day clook . and the ooaaaional grating of a window as the bceezo rose or fell were the only sounds Inside (he house, Outside a oab rumbled by, X reached tho (aot ot the stairs, and, satisfied now that 1 had deceived myself, was turning to go baok, when my movement brought the keyhole o! tha consulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into tho darkness of the hall. , Well, I hesitated ; perhaps while tho olook above ticked a dozen times. I considered the position, Someone might havj oareleasly left a light burning in that room. Only the room was not in use. And then what of the stepson tho stairs? On the other hand, there might bo a burglar inside. And then had I not better summon the polioa f But suppose I did this, and lo ! a mere lighted candle ? That would be a humiliation in deed, I feared the burglar, but ridicule moro, Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. For a aeoond or two I was dazzled by (he light, though U proceeded only from a single oandle on tho mantel. No one movtd in the room. Ho one waa to ha seen. I stepped cautiously in with a smile on my face, and -and jura pod, 1 daresay, a couple of feet aside. ?.Why, Gait I" I oried the next minute, seeing that it really waa the servant who, alone and half-draaaed, was standing by the window. " WUat are you doing hero? What are yori doingi'np at thia time of night?" I cried imperatively. ilo did not answer. He was trembling violently. I had given him a great Bhook, thnt wad clear. Ho passed one hand aoroas hia brow in a stupid way. In the other ha held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped the position, .. I will tell you what it ia I" I said, taking up tho oandle, and holding it bo that italicht felTupoii hia dazad faca and distended eyes. " I will tall you what it ia, my man I You have been walking in your sleep I" \- Ho shaded hi» eyes with his hand and pattly tamed from me. " I am afraid I havo, air," ho muttered abjectly. Ho *7>aa still forced to steady himself by resting one hand on the table, 1 took the syringe from him, ~ " I auppoao that this is not the first time you have done it ?' I said qaoraloualy. T) have a servant who walked in hia sleep. 2twas too provoking. "No, air,"he answered, hia teeth chatter ing with the fright or the oold. " I need to do it when I was a boy. But I thought I had .grown out o! ifc yeara ago." , " I hope thai you will'tfrovr oat ol it now," I replied eavero'y. " Tbc;o, get to bed, -and for gooaaeat" e&Vo; aUy thoro it yon ?oan." " Tea, bir,'; ba said humbly, " I am eorry tliat I diflloihcd you, Bir." I mado a eiga to him to go first. Aa I followed I glanced round the room at the atrange medley that covered tftblo and -njftOifeljpUeo aqcI overflowed on toohilri »nd brackets. On a Bhelf abovo the fireplace waa a mummy's head with horrible glass eyes that seemed to be winking at me, and in bottles below it wero preparations which Todd had been using to illustrate hia physiological leolurcs at Bartholomew's. " Ugh!" I exolaimed, oloBing the door with a uhuddor. I Boon fell asleep when I got tack to bed. Oat onoe at least I awoke with a start and 1 sat up, in the belief that someone was again moving about the house. I Next day I had a bad nervous headaoho, and was as irritable as oould bo; so that when Gait as usual orept upon me while I was watering the ferns, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply, " Well?" Iexolaimed. " I came to see if you wanted anything, Bir," Wanted anything, indeed I " No, nothing I" I retorted. " And I think, Gait, that you would be far mora uaefully employed, if instead of following mo about the house you were to oleau the windows. Tbo one in the dining-room ia in a disgraofl- ! ful citato, considering that there aro thrco j sorvaLtd in the house and only one muBter." " Very well, sir," he answered respect-1 fully. | IIo was not at all put out. And I, who am shy in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow of pride in my moral courage, " I will eee to it, sir," he Baid; " but Dootor Todd usually allowed me to have a man to olean the outside," " Then get nrann, Dj it in the usual way. That ia all I want," I answered. Ho aaaented a(?ain, adding Boraething, however, abont the rliflioulty of finding a man to help. T had thiii in my mind five minutes l&tor;, whon a man aoeoated mo as I crossed Bond street on my way to chambers, " Will your honor give mo a job of work ?" he said, J looked at him. He was not tearful as beggara are, On the oontrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyea. " A job ol work ?" I hnawered, glancing at my bUdq umbrella and varnished boota. .' Do I look as it I had jobs of work to give away ?" " Your honor looks as if you would give thera away if you had," Uo answered with ready wit. I laughed. " Can you olean windows V' I aaked, " Glean all youe windwa, air, for a bM1« ling!"he rapped out, " Then you would have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride of my five floors and basement. " Hera I you may take this to 190 Groavenor street." I pencilled a few words on a oard request ing Gait to lot the bearer olean the lower windowa, and to pay him a shilling when ho had done. tfor Homo reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from ohambera early that afternoon, I had eoaraely taken the latoh key from the door boforo I learned that there waa a quarrel going forward. Gait was standing at the consulting room door, hia back to it, In front of him waa my shabby Irishman, gebtlonlaticg wildly, and talking at the top of his voioo. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait out himshoit. " You do not go into this room," he said; " that ia enough for you I" " And why not, my honey ?" the Irishman waa beginning. " Sure, and hia honor waa saying that I waB to olean the windowa, everv bleaaed one of them." " He aaid nothing of the hind," I inter posed sternly, aa I oame forward. 111 did not say that you were to oome into the house at all. I aaid that you were to clean the outside of the windows, How ia this, Gait?" The aervant mustered eomcthing. " I expeot him to do hh work. Now, aa you have let thia man olean the other win dows, he may aa wall finish the job by doing thia room. You oan stay with him. Open *he door," But Gilt did not stir. Ho looked at me sullenly. 11 Dootor Todd ia particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir," ha said, in a tone (bat matohed hia faoo. .4 Aud fco tho house, I hava no doubt I" I returned, throwing open the door myself, 11 Stay |" I added, filter glanoing round. "Close the inner window ovor tho feme, That ia bqtter, Now ho oan do no dam* age." I saw this arrangement carried out beforo I left thorn. Then I went into the front room to write a letter'^ but waa presently roused by the repetition of a loud knook. Gait, I knew, must bo able to hear ifc as well as I could myself. I strode into the hall. "Do you not hear that Bomeone ia at tho door t" I aaid curtly, Hg did not move, Instead, ho pointed ailently to the window oleanar, who wag hard at work. " Nonaonae |" I exolaimed, "Go to tho door at onoe," Still a moment's hesitation, and ho went. The person at the.door kept him some time. Afterward I needed aoal in the front room and a oup of tea. Ilia scrupled had arisen rather late in the day I thought, and I took a mischievous pleasure in keoping him from bio post. But what did it all mean 7 What, indeed 1 I did not connect, as yet, the man who had been BO inquisitive about the letter-box with Gait. The lattor'e oonduot by itself was enough to puzzle me. Hia sleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and his strange obcitmaoy about the consulting room," pave aoopo for wild conjectures, and certainly filled mo with diatruBt ot him, as well aa a aeoret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I waa more struok than before by the nervous manner in which he oontinu&lly; started and glanced be hind him. 11 What is it that you nro afraid of, Gait ?" I Bold suddenly, thinking to take him by surpriso. Then, as ho did not answer, '. la it burglars?" I aaked, the scene with the Irish man in my mind, " Burglars, sir?" "Yes. Mind what you are doing with the kidneysI" I said aharply. "I thought that the burglary dose by in Bond street, at that jeweller'o, might have frightened you. Man alive 1 there ia nothing hero to tempt that gang." '. 1 hope not, air," he replied huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at him. "RBally, Gait, I do not think that you are well," I remarked, iu a more kindjy tone.' " We want Doctor Todd baok already," He began to tell me that ho had not been himself of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered baok from the table. Tho plato ho was holding fell, and was shattered on the arm of my chair, The gravy ran over my Bleove. I jumped up in a rage. " What on earth ia the matter with you ?" I exclaimed, very rouoh inolined to tpka him and shake him. "I saw a-a face at the window," ho gaBped. His own faoo was white. His lipa trembled eo that ho could miaraely frame hia words. A. face at the window 1 I had been Bitting at a round table oloao to the window, nnd when I rose 1 had dona ao with my baok to the light. Now, I turned swiftly round, fol lowing the direction of hia eyes. Looking past mo, they were fixed on a oorner of the window. But thore waa no face to bo seen. Gait was wiping hia brow with hia handker chief, .' Have yen been drinking?" I asked. '. No, sir." There waa r.o indignation in hie answer. "Umphl I am surprised to hear it," I said. "For ahame, man I pluck up a spirit. Now go downstaira and compose yourself. You oau tell Caroline to bring me up another plate." When the plate had been brought I re autned my b^oaktaet, Rsally Gait was be ^oralpg unbear&blQ;,' W(& be going oat of hia mind 1 Or waa it merely that someibing had unstrung hia nerves 1 A man must be pretty far gone-farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for his neighbors-be fore ho oould conjure up faces in broad day* light, and What waa that 1 I was out of my ohair in tbe fifth of a second, for with the tail of my eye, as I reaohed norosa the table for the Bait, I had seen a faoe at my elbow-a face glued to the pane, and such a one I A faoo, white, bloodies?, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and flanked by huge ears! A greedy faoe, with dull eyes, that glared in upon mo. I waa not frightened, but I waa startled. The faoe was unoxpoated, and it was horribly close to me. It was no wonder that I sprang up as I did. Yet the thing waa hardly seen-I had barely turned my full gaze upon it-before it waa gone, " The impudent sooundrol I" 1 cried, when my first surprise waa over, " I will soon put a stop to that 1" I ran to the front door, and opening it, looked into the Btreet, Near at hand there was no one. In the distanoo two or three broughams werewaitinp, a butolicr's cart waa rattling r.ff, half a dozen people were going thia way or that. But no one was by the win dow, Yet thia did not greatly astonish me, Tho housea in Groavenor street have promot ing porticoes whioh would hido a fugitive, though his pursuers were but a few yards dis tant. My flrat impulse waa to go up the street,1 halites as I was, and hunt him out. But after all he had done no harm, and I eon tented myself with vowing vengeance if he should repeat hia insolenco, and went back to my breakfast. Though I could still laugh at tho serious way in whioh Gait had taken it, I did not return to my old seat. I removed my plato so that I might faoo the window. Somehow tho faoo haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark oorner, a pale image of the flat featuroa and flahy eyea shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms whore the firelight fell upon it, and this wont so far that I felt Kauaibly tolieved when I waa fairlv outside tho honso. But thai day being a busy one, by tho evening I had forgotten my domeatio concerns, and when Caroline took off the covers at dinner I aaked where Gait was. Gait was not very well and had gone to hia room to lie down, "I do not think that he has been well lot Borne time," I remarked. "No, sir," said Caroline,solemnly. She shook her head, A3 if she oould tally ftooount {or it, " What do you think ia the matter ?"I was constrained to ask. "Well, sir, we think it is the smell ol the doctor's alRff,11 "Oli, indeed," I anawered, rauoh tiokled. .'But you are not ill?" uNo, sir. But you eee, Gait-he ia more in the doctor's room. He haa been in there a good bit lately, and he ia not like tho aame man," " That reminds me of something," X aaid. .'I loffc my littlo silver matoh-box on the corner of the table in that room thia morn ing. Will you fetch it for ma before I forget it, Caroline?" Wbile she waa about ray errand, I, think ing over what she had aaid, began to see a oonneotion between Galt'a oddity, or illnoBS, or whatever it waa, and thoaonaulting-room, I saw a olear oonneotion. Still there oould not be anything in what tho servant said. Dootor'a stu£C I That waa abaurd. And it waa atill more absurd to suppose, though I disliked the room myself, that there oould be any malign influence about it. That waa rubbish indeed, yet A ahrill aoroaro, and the violent oloaing of I a door, out short ray reasoning. I ran out J into the hall. Tho girl waa leaning against the wall under the lamp, hor hand pressed to her aide, her breath coming in gaBpa. She waa on tha verge of fainting. Luckily her ory had reached other earn, and the oook I oame flying from below, while ou an upper I landing, I, looking about for any onuso ol I fear, caught a glimpse of Gait's paid faxae j peeriug down at ua. " Goodnoes, Caroline 1 what ia tho matter now ?" I asked roughly. I waa getting very tired of thcao oxouraiona and alarms, and waa finding it more and more hard not to and glance behind me, aa Gait did. I " I aaw a faoa-a faoo," she sobbed. " At the window?" I aalced eagerly, " No, sir. Over-over tho mantelshelf," " The mummy's head. Why, you BOO that every day J" I oriod. ''There must have been something else beside that to frighten yon?" " There-there was something elso," Oaro. lino gasped. 4< Lor' a raeroyl'' exclaimed the ooolc, looking behind her and then at mo to pee r that I was not leaving them. " What else ? What olua I What elae did yon see?" I repeated impatiently. But, and it waa provoking enough to make a Baint swear and return violently to his I dinner, Caroline .would uot say. No, though I asked her again and again, and in the main she was a stout and sensible girl. She had soon something t-laa beside the head, actl that waa all sho would tell us, I concluded in the end that she waa embroidering the matter, and that all eho had seen waa tho mummy'a head, upon whioh, perhapB, the light passing through tho open door might j have fallen with a now effect. 1 want back to my dinnor; bat first I took the lump and thoroughly soarched the oon sulting-room. 01 course I louad nothing, or nothing that should not hnvo been there. The mummy's faoa smirked upon mo un changed, save that it looked a little mora dirty. The preparations in their bottles be" low it were untouahed, and in the midst of them the board on which tho dootor pinned hiu cards of invitation stood aa fashionably untidy as tver, It, too, would have been tho better, whera it was not hidden by " fixtures," for a little soap and water. There was nothing new in tho room; no thing had been removed or altered. Yet I searched under tho table and in tho cup boards. I oould not get the face I had seen at tho window out of my mind, Tha very features at the parchment mask above me put j on a grotesque likeness to it. But by this time I was in a, condition to imagine any thing. Anything? No, not quite anything, l?or surely that ory was not fanoy, oould not bo fanoy. That ehort, quiok eoream, whioh Game shooting up tho staircase lato that ni^ht, and pierced ray ears, so that I dropped tho extinguishes and snntohed up the candle atiokl That was not fancy, It wos real, as real as tho whit9, Btartlod faoa I saw peering into the loolung-Rlaea a moment later. "Hang it all!" I mattered hastily, "I cannot stand tbia, I shall bo seeing a ghost next. la tho house bewitohed ?" 1 ran down ihe sfcaira, listening aa I went. There was silence above and below. I vea«hedthe lowest ilight and halted abruptly, from there I could see the hall, and raising my oandla above my head peered downward. Ah! what wag it? Who was it? Stop by step I oama down until I touched a prostrate form. Then 1 aot the candle on tha stairs, and stooped over it. Thank Heaven, there waa no blood I It was Gait, and ha waa alivo. With an effort I turned him over, re ooilinR an instant aa a olaap-lcnife rolled from liia hand. I picked it up, and he fiifthed. He land merely fainted, then, and pushing the mat under his head 1 roea to my feet, my Arab fears relieved. I looked round. Tha dining-room doc* was wide open, that of the consulting- room was ajar. Without taking up the oandle, with scarce a raoment'a thought, I flung the latter open and stood on the threshold look inf; in. I held my breath and shivered, I oonfeae.for I saw what ho had seen and Caro lino Una seen ; but overcoming the first nervous desiro to cry out or flee, I Btood lookiug the thing in the faao until nil tear was Rone. Truly in the fnae-fov it was a faoa I saw-a luminous death's head. EyeB, month, and nostrils were blaoh caverns in a pale lambent mask. It was gtita enough, But taking into aooount its position over the fireplace, a moment's reflation satisfied sme that someone bad trickled out the poor mummy's bead with luminous paint, and then bad written below it on tho fixtures board, in letters rough, but dear, "Thief I" Thief I I understand the word, the some thing else which Caroline had seen ; but who had written it, or why? Yet it clearly be hoved me to find out. In the niok, and also at the junction of the Bteel and haft, were some fragments of a thing almost as strange in that house-dry earth. We had no garden at Ona Huudred and Ninety, except the win* dow garden at my elbow; and why should Gait have beon digging in the half-barrowful of earth which it hold, and digging, or about to dig, there at miduightj? Why, indeed ! 1 brought the oandles close to the window, and scanned the surface of the scanty coi'. which made up our sole garden ground. Surely I was on the traok, for on putting aside fair sized fernB I saw that the handful of earth against the base of the biggest sLono bad sbeoa lately moved and watered. With the. knife I dug out tho damp mould. 1 was not ft bit surpriaed to find that a tiny cavern in or under the stone became visible, I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, emooth things,, pulled them out. How I started at sight of them 1 How they flashed and gU'jtered in the palo rays of the oandle 1 Thoy were diamonds-a neok laoe, pendant and bracelets, They were in their settings, when tho Bound of heavy breathing behind me warned me to turn. Our eyes mot, Gait's and mine, " Thief 1" I aaid. "Give thorn tomel" he muttered doggedly, fctrctohing out hia h^nd. "Nothing of the kind," I answered. 1 still held hia knife, find there was a moment when I felt giad I hijd it. Tho man was a coward, but a cowar4 in a aorner ia an awk ward thing. I had tho knife, however, and did not quail. 4,No<hing of the kind, you thief 1" 1 thundered. 1 " I shall bo more likely to give you to the poliae unless you tell me this moment the whole truth," A knock name to tlio door. "You will not Ro,"he muttered, "Modi eertninly I shall," I returned-, and paaaing through the hall opened the door. A man stopped qutoily in and removed his hat. Ha waa the man who called to canvas for the directory, 11 You are Mr. Williams?" he said with a steady look at me. " I am sorry to drop in at a queer hour, but business is business, and mine is unpleasant." " Perhaps you will hplain what it is," I replied. I had an uneasy presentiment of the truth; and surely enough he answered: " I ara c, detective, Mr ;Williams. You have the proceeds of a jewel Bobbery here, and iS is my duty to warn you that everything you say will be given as evidbnoe against you." u That 1 say I" I oyied. " Against me I Me? You are forgetting yourself, man?" Good heavons this waa too absurd 1 And yet-and yet my right hand hidden in my pooket waa clasping the juwels-waa full of the stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over 1 " Better take it easy, sir, I have not been looking in at that window yonder a dozen times a day for nothing, When I saw that Jim's plant-Jim ia my pal, who did that bit of painting inaido there, and oearohed the room too when ho was cleaning tha window -when I saw you ooino down with a light, and your man all of a hoap upon the floor, I thought it a good timo to drop in. And now, if you will hand over tho stones oomfortably and quietly, why it ia likely that it will be better for both of you." A groan proceeding from tho open door of tho consulting room proved that Gait waa listening. For myself, anger and porplexity drovv me asunder. I met the deteotive'fl oun« ning eyes, and olenohcd my fist. I fait tho jewels between my fiugere, and turned eiok with terror. " Ia the servant in there ?" aokod the man pointing over hia shoulder. I nodded aaEent. He made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flew to my fnoe, and I felt as i£ tho prison warder'o hand already oast its shadows upon mo. Gait still eat huddled up in hia ohair, and aa I took my place beside him tho deteotive eyed ua both with a contompt ho did not try to oonoeal. " A protty pair you are 1 The idea ol fluoh ng you trying on thia game! Why, it is enough to make a dlog laugh I" And laugh he did. How I hated him for his vulgar triumph I 11 Look hero," I said; " you will behave yourec-lf properly while you are in cay houBe, my man. You know as well aa I do that I am no thief." " You have got the plunder," he said, be coming grave again, "And-you and your aoaomplioa have it hidden away somewhere for the past foriright. It will be for you and him to eay how it wa3 ooma by." Gait looked up, the picture of wretched ness. " I founcl it in tho lolter-box one morning," ho muttered, "l'ho robbery in bond Btreet waa in the papera tho name morning," The deteotivo nodded sagely. " I thought HO," he answered, " The burg laru were ohased. One wau taken a few yarda from here. We found nothing upon him, but he owned up that he had dropped some of the plunder through the letter slit of a housa a few doors away. I spotted this house. And now it will bo only a question of receiving goods knowing them to have been stolen. I daresay that if the things are restored at onoe that no charge will bo made." " Hero ia the jowellery," I replied hastily, " I only diaoov6ied its proaonce in the house a few minutos ago. "And your Bervant ?" he asked, RH he snatched at tho jewels. The beads oi perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. He had been an honest man before tho discovory of that rnasa of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him, '' I am quite sure ho will tell the truth," 1 said. " 1 will answer for his appearance, Do you not think you could manage mat ters?" " I think I oould," he anowerod slowly. " I think I could equaro it, and do no wrong to anyone-for a consideration, sir." 1 made a bargain with tho officer, He was to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in ferred that Gait voluntarily came to him with the stolen prnpcity, " Wait for mo in tho hall," I said, taking a candle from the table; "I must fetch the money from my bedroom." Gait and the detective were standing to gcther in tho.liall, looking at one another au ill-tempered dofjo look. "Hereia your money," I said. " Now ba oareful thr.t you fulfil youe part of the bar gain," Ho put tho notes in his pocket. " You will hoar no more ot it," ho said, emphatically. Gait muttered hia gratitude, while I put a fctop to hia effuaivo thankfulness. "Go to bod," I said, brusquely, " and do not fuel too sura that hi? will keep hia word," But our midnight visitor did keep to tho letter. We have not sinoc heard of him, or of the jewels. As day alter day paaaod, and aiiU no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summons arrived in Groavonor atreot, tho truth began lo dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men had been oonviated of tho robbery, but the diamonds had never been found, and their diaappearanoe have be come a standing mystery, " There are more ot tba gang about," said tho inspector. ''We have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but wo can prove nothing; and wo oanuot nee how the men who were in it could have passed tho plunder to them," I can see very well how it was dono-very well, und how any little expenses attondiuR tha process were paid; but 1 am shy and nervous*. I blush, it is true, aa I pass a cer tain goldemith'a shop in Boml street, hut 1 keep my own gomnsti. So does Gall, 757 