THE NOVELIST, THE WORLD'S DESIRE. Bt H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang. SeUnam vero immortalem fuiste indieat tempiu.~ SEHVIU8. jEneid XL, SOL BOOK IL CHAPTER VIL THE SHADOW IN THE SUNLIGHT. The torn web fell—the last veil of the strange Hath or. It fell, and all its unravelled threads of glittering gold and scarlet rippled and coiled about the Wanderer's feet, and about the pillars of the loom. ' The web was torn, the .veil was rent, the labour was lost, the picturedstory of loves and wars was all undone. But there, white in the silvery dusk of the alabaster shrines there was the visible Helen, the bride and the daughter of Mystery, the World's Desire 1 . There shone that fabled loveliness of which no story was too'strange, of which all miracles seemed true. There, her hands folded on her lap, her head bowed—there sat she whose voice was the echo of all sweet voices, she whose shape was the mirror of all fair shapes, she whose changeful beauty, so they said, was the child of the changeful moon. Helen sat in a chair of ivory, gleaming even through the sunshine of her outspread hair. She was clothed in Boft folds of white; on her breast gleamed the star-stone, the red stone of the sea-deeps that melts in the sunshine, but melted not-on the breast of Helen. Moment by moment the red drops from the ruby heart of the star fell on her snowy raiment, fell and vanished—fell and vanished—and left stain. The Wanderer looked on her face, but the beauty and the terror of it, as she raised it, were more than he could bear; and be stood like those who saw the terror and the beauty of that face which changes men to stone. For the lovely eyes of Helen stared wide, her lips, yet quivering with the last notes of song, were open wide in fear. She seemed like one who walks alone, and suddenly, in the noonday light, meets the hated dead; encountering the ghost of an enemy come back to earth with the instant summons of doom. For a moment the sight of her terror made even the Wanderer afraid. What was the horrorshe beheld in this haunted shrine, where was none save themselves alone? What was with them in the shrine ? Then he saw that her eyes were fixed on his golden armour which Paris once had worn, on the golden shield with the blazon of the White Bull, on the golden helm whose vizor was down so that it quite hid his eyes and his face —and then at last her voice broke from her— "Paris/ Paris/ Paris/ Has death lost hold of thee! Hast thou come to drag me back to thee and to ehame! Paris, dead Paris 1 Who gave thee courage to pass the shadows of men whom on earth thou hadstnot dared to face in war!" Then she wrung her hands and laughed aloud with the empty laugh of fear. A thought came into that crafty mind of the Wanderer's. and he answered her, not in his own voice, but in the smooth, soft, mocking voice of the traitor Paris, whom he had heard forswear himself in the oath before Ilios. " So, lady, thou hast not yet forgiven Paris! Thou weavest the ancient web, thou singest the ancient songs—art thou still unkind as of old !" "Why art thou come back to taunt me!" Bhe said, and now she spoke as if an old familiar fear and horror were laying hold of her and mastering her again after long freedom. "Was it not enough to betray me in the semblance of my wedded lord I Why dost thou mock !" "In love all arts are fair," he answered in the voice of Paris. " Many have loved thee, lady, and they are all dead for thy sake, and no love but mine has been more strong than death. There is none to blame us now, and none to hinder. Troy is down, the heroes are white dust; only love lives yet. Wilt thou not learn, lady, how a shadow can love !" She had listened with her bead bowed, but now she leaped up with blazing eyes and face of fire. "Begone!" she said, "the heroes are dead for my sake and to my shame, but the shame is living yet. Begone 1 Never in life or death shall my lips touch the false lips that lied away my honour and the false face that wore the favour of my lord's" For it was by shape-shifting and magic art, as poets tell, that Paris first beguiled fair Helen. Then the Wanderer spoke again with the sweet, smooth voice of Paris, son of Priam. As I passed up the shriue where thy glory dwells, Helen, I heard thee sing. Ana thou didst Bing of tnc waking of thy heart, of the arising of love within thy soul, and of the coming of one for whom thou dost wait, whom thou didst love long since and slialt love for evermore. And as thou Bangest I came, I Paris, who was thy love, and who am thy love, aud who alone of ghosts and men shall be thy love again. Wilt thou still bid me go?" "I sang," she answered, "yes, as the gods put it in my heart so I sang—for indeed it seemed to me that one came who was my love of old, and who alone I must love, alone for ever. But thou wast not in my heart, thou false Paris 1 Nay, I will tell thee, and with the name will scare thee back to bell. He was in my heart who once as a maid I saw driving in his chariot through the ford of Eurotas, while I bore water from the well. He was in my heart whom once I.saw in Troy, when he crept thither dad in a beggar's guise. Ay, Paris, X will name him by his name, for though he is long dead, yet him alone methinks I loved from the veryfirst, and him alone I shall love till my deathlessness is done—Odysseus, son of Laertes, Odysseus of Ithaca, he was named among men, and Odysseus was in my heart as I sang, and in my heart he shall ever be, though the gods in their wrath have given me to others, to my shame and against my will." How when the Wanderer beard ber speak, and heard his own name upon her lips, and knew that the golden Helen loved him alone, it seemed to him as though his heart would burst his harness. Ho word oould he find in hiB heart to speak, but he raised the visor of his helm. She looked—she saw and knew him for Odysseus—even Odysseus of Ithaca. Then in turn she hid her eyes with her hands, and speaking throngh them said— "Oh, Paris! ever wast thou false, but, ghost or man, of all thy nhamna this is the ehamefullest. Thou has taken the likeness of a hero dead, and thou hast heard me speak such words of him as Helen never spoke before. Fie on thee, Paris! fie on thee 1 who wonldst trick me into shame as once before thou didst trick me in the Bhape of Menelaus, who was my lord. How I will call cm Zeus to blast thee with his bolts. Hay, not on Zens will I call, but on Odysseus' self. OipueutJ Odyuetis / Come thou from the shades and Bimte this Paris, this trickster, who evenjin death finds ways to mock thee," She ceased, and with eyes upturned, and aims outstretched murmured, "Odysseus Odysseus! Coma" Slowly the Wanderer drew near to the glory.. of the golden Helen—slowly, slowly he came,.. till his dark eyes looked into her eyes of blue. Then at last he found his voice and spake. "Helen! Argive Helen!" he said, "Iam ■ no shadow oome up from hell to tormenb - thee, and of Trojan Paris I know nothing. Por I am Odysseus, Odysseus of Ithaca, a living man beneath the sunlight Hither am I oome to seek thee, hither I am come to win thee to my heart For yonder in Ithaca Aphrodite visited me in a dream and bade me wander out upon the seas till at length I found theet Helen, and saw the red star blaze upon thy breast And I have wandered, and I have dared, and I have heard thy song, and rent the web of fate, and I have seen the star, and ' lo! at last, at last! I find thee. Well I saw thou knewest the arms of Paris, who was thy husband, and to try thee I spoke with the voice of Paris, as of old thou didst feign - the voices of our wives when we lay in the wooden horse within the walls of Troy. Thus I drew the sweetness of thy love from the secret of thy breast, as the sun draws out the sweetness of the flowers. But now I declare > myseli to be Odysseus, clad in the mail of Paris—Odysseus come on this last journey to - be thy love and lord." And he ceased. She trembled and looked at him doubtfully,. but at last she spoke— "Well do I remember," she said, "that when I washed the limbs of Odysseus, in the halls of Ilios, I marked a great white scar, beneath his knee. If indeed thou art Odysseus, and not a phantom from the gods, show me that great scar." Then the Wanderer smiled, and resting his buckler against the pillar of the loom, drew off his golden greave, and there was the scar that the boar dealt with his tusk on the Parnassian hill when Odysseus was a boy. I "Look, lady," he said, "is this the scar that once thy eyes looked on in the halls of Troy?" " Yea," she said, "it is the very scar, and now I know that thou art no ghost and no - lying shape, but Odysseus' self come to be my love and lord," and she looked most sweetly in his eyes. Now the Wanderer wavered no more, bub . SutouthiB arms to gather her to his heart, fow the red star was hidden on his breast, now the red drops dripped from the star upon ■ his mail, and the face of her who is the World's Desire grew soft in the Bhadow of his helm, while her eyes were melted to tears beneath his kiss. The gods send all lovers like joy. Softly she sighed, softly drew back from his arms, and her lips were opened to speak when, a change came over her face. The kind eyes - were full of fear again, as she gazed where, through the window of the shrine of alabaster^. the sunlight fell in gold upon the Chapel floor. What was that which flickered in the sunlight? or was it only the dance of the motes in the - beam? There was no Bhadow cast in the sun shine ; why did she gaze as if she saw another watching this meeting of their loves? How ever it chanced, she mastered her fear; there - was even a smile on her lips and mirth in her eyes as she turned and spoke again. "Odysseus, thou art indeed thecunningesh of men. Thou hast stolen my secret by thy craft; who save thee would dream of craft in. such an hour? For when I thought thee Paris, and thy face was hidden by thy helm, I called on Odysseus in my terror, as a child cries to a mother. Methinks I have ever held him dear; always I have found him ready ah - need, though the gods have willed that till this hour my love might not be known, nay, not to my own heart; so I called on Odysseus, and those words were wrung from me to scare false Paris back to his own place. But the words that should have driven Paris down to hell drew Odysseus to my breast. And now it ■ is done, and I will not go bade upon my words, for we have kissed our kisB of troth, before the immortal gods have we. kissed, and those ghosts who guard the way to Helen, and whom thou alone couldst pass, as it was fated, are the witnesses of our oath.. And now the ghosts depart, for no more need they guard the beauty of Helen. It is given to thee to have and to keep, and now is Helen once more a very woman, for at thy kiss the curse was broken. Ah, friend, since my lord died in pleasant Lacedaeinon what things have I seen and suffered by t he gods' decree f But two things I will tell thee, Odysseus, and thou shalt read them as thou mayest. Though never before in thy life-days did thy lips touch mine, yet I know that not now for the first time we kiss. And this I know also, for the gods have set it in my heart, that though - our love shall be short, and little joy shall we - have one of another, yet death shall not end it. For, Odysseus, I am a daughter of the gods, and though I Bleep and forget that which . has been in my sleep, and though my shape - changed as but now it seemed to change in the eyes of those ripe to die, yet I die not. And for thee, though thou art mortal, death shall be but as the short summer nights that mark off day from day. For thou shalt live again, Odysseus, as thou hast lived before, and life by life we shall meet and love till the end is come." As the Wanderer listened he thought once - more of that dream of Meriamun the Queen, which the priest Rei had told him. But he said nothing of it to Helen. And about the Queen and her words to him it seemed wisest not to speak. " It will be well to live, lady, if life by life I find thee for a love." " Life by life thou shalt find me, Odysseus, in this sbapeor in that shalt thou find me—for beauty has many forma, and love has many names—but thou shalt ever find me but to lose me again. I tell thee that as but now thou wonnest thy way through the ranks of h me, the cloud lifted from my . those who watch i mind, and I remembered, and I foresaw, ana I knew why I, the loved of many, might never love in turn. I knew then, Odysseus, that I am but the instrument of the gods, who ubb me for their ends. And J. knew that I loved tbee, and thee only, but with a love that begair before tbe birth-bed, and shall not beoonsumed by the funeral flume." "Sobe it, lady, eaid the Wanderer, "for this I know, that never have I loved woman or goddess as I love thee, who art henceforth as the heart in my breast, that without which I may not live." "Now speak on," she said, "for such words as these are like the music in my ears." " Ay, I will speak on. _ Short shall be our love, thou sayest, lady, and my own heart tells - me that it is born to be brief of days. I know that now I go on my last voyaging, and that death comes upon me from the water, the swiftest death tnatmaybe. This, then, I would dare to ask: When shall we twain be one? ' For if the hours of life be short, let us love while we may." _ Now Helen's golden hair fell before her eyes . like the bride's veil, and she was silent for a time. Then she spoke— " Not now, ana not while I dwell in this - holy piece may we be wed, Odysseus, for so ■ should we call down upon us the hate of gods and men. Tell me, then, where thou dwelleat) in the city, and I will come to thee. Nay, it is - not meet. Hearken, Odysseus. ..To-morrow, . one hour before the midnight, see that thou dost stand without the pylon gates of this my temple; then I will pass out to thee as well I rimay, and thou slialt know me by the jewel, the star-etono on my breast that shmea through the darknefS, and by that alone, and lead me whither thou wflt. For then thou shalt be nxy lord, and 1 will be thy wife. And thereafter, as the gods show us, so will we go. For know, it is in£my mind to fly this land of Khem, where month by month the gods have made the people cue for me. So till then, farewell, Odyeseus, my lore, fonnd after many days." ' It is welljilady," answered the Wanderer, ignt * " To-morrow -night I meet thee without the Pylori gates. I also am minded to fly this land of witchcraft and of horror, but 1 may soaroe -depart till Pharaoh return again. For he has gone down to battle and has left me to guard his palace." "Of that we will talk hereafter. Go now! -Go swiftly, .for here we may not talk mora of -earthly love," said the golden Helen. | Then he teok her hand and kissed it and passed from before her glory as a man amazed. But in his doolish wisdom he spoke no word to her of Heriamun the (jueen. 