SPIRIT OF THE PRESS. ^ — Adelaide Truth has given up the ghost. " If we want to see peace and prosperity in theBe colonies," the P.A. News declares, " we must go for United Australia 1" The Port Pirie Standard sounds the alarm that typhoid fever is spreading throughout the port and calls for prompt action to be taken. The Laura Standard thinks the weight of the average bushel of wheat should be fixed in this colony at 62 lbs., or 496 lbs. per quarter, as in England. The Bunyip expresses the hope that Ireland will not be robbed of substantial reform— almost within its grasp—by the "exasperating | mistakes " of its leaders. The Terowie Enterprise objects to the establishment of a beer saloon at the local railway-station, the hotels being situated close by. The S.E. Star expresses the belief that " South Australia has fairly entered upon a period of settled prosperity and solid advance ment." Mr. John Nicholson, formerly editor of the j Port Augusta paper, now edits the Weekly ' Times and sub-edits the Daily Telegraph in Melbourne. . The P.P. Advocate condemns the Public Service Commission for spending money unauthorized by Parliament, and it suggests that the best thing to do is to cancel the whole inquiry. The Northern Argus, which has been a strong opponent of State aid to the agricul turist, now admits that " it may be desirable to offer bonuses with a view of testing the utility of some industries." Some of the terms in which the Southern Cross speaks of Dr. Barnardo, of the Ijondon Children's Homes—"■ Notorious proselytiser and lawbreaker," scheming old bigot," "pseudo- • philanthropist," and " kidnapper." Says the Border Watch—" If ever the prosperity of South Australia is to be put on a safe and sound basis it must be largely through the development of fruitgrowing among its landholders and the growth of the kindred industries that must attend it." The Areas' Empress writes—" A bold scheme of water conservation is required. By this means monopoly in land would undoubtedly be checked and prosperity throughout the colony would follow—cot spasmodic or fanci ful, but permanent and real." " The destiny of Australia," writes the Kapunda Herald, " is plainly industrial." She is not called upon to ape the militancy of the countries of the old world, . . . but to raise and respect the standard that is emblem atic of industrial peace, social justice, and international goodwill." 