LORD BERESFORD'S RESCUE OF A FRENCH WARSHIP. The Daily Chronicle says :-A privatoletter from H.M.S. Undaunted, at Jaffa, dated the 4th of May, and received in London on Wednesday, brings the news of a splendid feat performed by the vessel the command of which Lord Charles Boresford has had for about 10 months. Jaffa, the port of Jernsa leor, has an evil reputation among marioers. Vessels of any burthen have to lie off in the roads, and the coasting steamers are often obliged to carry on their passengers to Boy rout or Port Said according as they are northward or southward bound. In these roads arrived and anchored on the 23rd of April the French cruiser Seignolay. On Sunday, the 26th, it came on to blow hard from the westward. The Seignelay had no steam up, and the gale increasing, first one anchor parted, then the other, and the gale drove the vessel ashore on a sandbank about half a mile from the land. The catastrophe, as it appeared to be, took plaeo at nightfall, and the Scignolay's captain, evidently fearing the worst, lowered a boat, which, before it reached the shore, lost two oars and its rudder. M3esrs. Cook's chief boatman, Saleiman, who greatly distinguished himself by saving life from a Russian steamner three months before, plunged into the surf with his brothers, and brought the boat and men safely ashore. The Arab then swam off to the Seignolay with a letter offering assistance, and got back to the shore at half an bour after midnight, having been in the water somen two and a half hours. Ho reported that there was no "hole" in the ship, so that there were hopes of saving her. But in the morning she seemed so firmly embedded that the attempt was thought desperate. So the brave Sulci man swam off again through the heavy sea, and brought ashore, hanging round his neck, the captain's wife. In the course of the 27th the Austrian Lloyd steamer tried to render help, but was obliged to abandon the attempt. Then Captain Lord Charles Beres ford appeared on the scene in the Undaunted, accompanied by the gun-boat Melita, Commander King-Hall. They found that the heavy sea had driven the fSignelay into shallow water; and the Molita, which is of 970 tons and 1,200 horee power, could not get nearer than 300 yards from the Frenchman, while the Undaunted, which is of 5,600 tons and 8.500 horse power, could not cot further in that 450 yards outside the Melita. In other words, the Undaunted was about half a mile from the Seignelay. However, says the letter, "with determined work night and day, a steel wire hawser, fifteen shackles of chain cable, and the help of God, we floated her in 52 hours. The French and English worked like Trojans together." Tit: SHAr.i. 3o Tr.r.s nram Tnurlt.-It is the small boy who usually tells things, antd at the dinner table is his favourite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed. " What a little chbicken for so many people !" The oom pony smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavoured to quiet him. lBut he was like Ianquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted: " Oh, yes. I know now. mamma. This is the little chicken that was ill so long in the yard, ain't it l" 