ONE. SAILOR. -"I rvxn called a sailor a worse name than ' you leather-head,'" said a venerable sea captain; " never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to he actu ally flogged; though I once triced a fellow up ready for the lash, who gave in before he was struck a blow. I never drew a weapon upon ni man. Once I was sitting in my cabin of the Lucy TAompson, when the mate dashed in on me, pale as a ghost, for getting even to pull off his cap, shouting that a sailor 'lowed that there were not men enough on board ship to put him in irons. I stepped out on deck. I had my pistol in hand, but behind my back. The men were all in a commotion about the forecastle hatch. I was conscious that I had always been kind and just to that crew, though they were the hairdest crew I had had in many a voyage. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader: "' Come here, my man.' "It seemed an age while he was debating whether to obey. My fingers stiffened on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is a horter. lnut the mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his hands for the irons. So, thank God, I can say I never oven drew a weapon on any one of my many hundreds of sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. De a true man; be a friend to the sailor; treat him as if he were a man and not a boast; don't over let him catch you in a mean act; govern yourself as if you believed the same God was at sea as on land, and you will have no trouble." The speaknler was the hero of a lhundred pnkcet-shllip voyages across the Atlantic. My younger readers may not- know that the packet hhip was the predecessor of the "ocean greyhnrmd ' of our day. Iletween Liverpool and Nhow York the huge and enpacious packet, with vast sails spread to the winds for motive power," fanned over" thousands of emigrants, who are now grand sires in America to this generation. In those days a sailor was a man wvho.knew how to handle a sail. Now lihe is, for the most part, a marine machinist. Then were voyages of about thirty days, in which time the little world of the sllip's company of often 1,500 souls were shut up arid shut out from their follow- creatures on the globe, a realm' all to themselves. The ship's captain was the autocrat of this little cosmos. His skull was the dome of the State HIouse. Ilis word was absolute law. lIls right arrn was the chief and only executive, sheriff, and army. Those woro days when character in the captain lad most ample illustretion of its power for goodal or evil. I know of no other such station for the exhibition of the power of character, except the mothers placo in the lonely family group of the frontier., The venerable skilpper of the Lry 7'Thomp.son spoke volumes of wisdom when he used the words I have quoted albove. I was recently standing at the gangway of a well-known steamer, idlly watchinghser unloading. The mate in command of tie meen was of the very roughest type. lie was exceedingly ignoblo, IHe was a gigan tic fellow, lie had no authority over the sailors, or deck-hands, as they are techni cully called, except the physical terror he inspired. lie cursed Goa and the men. lie rnared and thundered. lie seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I aslced about him, and was told of the slhoclking brutality that he had often ox hibited, which had several times caused his arrest. When I inquired why a ropn tablo cunlpany kept such t maln in their employ, I was told " that there was no other force except brute force, which could get the work out of ui gang of the kind that nowndnys follow the water." If the sea or the rivers and lakes were the only places where this error prevails my paper niglt, perlaps,bettorhavobeensontto the 'Seaman's I,'iend, that dear old paper, which may Ileaven bless. The idea is quite common, however, in the minds of a certain type of overseers sot to watch working men, that force of control is in a savage manner and harsh tone; in a face that never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. how many seem to think it really necessary to curse the bonded back of the workman I All this is a slander on human nature. I appeal to the thousands of miners' wives anddaugh tors who may read these lines, if the rough featured husband and father has not ia ten der spot in Iris heart by which your love leadss him, and which the brutal overseer can never reach. I appeal to gangs of giants who, about the lumberm'ans camnp fire these winter nights, may read what I now write, if there is not an occasional man who is king among them by his kind noss more than by any apVointment of the corporation which put him in charge of them. Here and there you have met him, and worked under him. lie never called a ,man even a fool. lie was too true to be brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspected, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he hiimself shrunk. A man who could tella good story occasionally without the loss of dignity when the laugh came in; whom you havo soon in tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made the children or phans. This man's voice was pitched low, but it was mightior than the roar of the blasphemer. No man can govern others, who does not govern hIimself. There is many a kingly man who does not need to strike a blow with the hand, because tile blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man's surprise, contempt or indignation shines in hIris eyes. Of all men, there are none who are so amonable to the sway of character in an officer as the men of the sea. The sailor is always a poet. lie is quick to feel, where landamen slowly reason. He is a dreamer. lie is much alone, and busy with voices in the soul. Ile has hearing! ly memory or by hope. Io is, like tile philosopher, a great grown child. No man detects good or evil in character quicker than the seilor. Is it not so-you that read this in the fore castle, far upon thie ocean ? "I was detrnminod to kill him," said a sailor to me. " I had been Irought on hoard at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did not know what I was doing when I signed shilp~lg papers. Ily rage was al most insaurty when tIre first officer struck me, Were yout over struck? You read about it, but it is a queoer, crazy sensation whsen you are actually blushing under tie blow. Tihe insult Is tle unbearable part of it.. I was then sent to thie wheel-house to make fast a loosened window-eashl, for I had had some experience as a glauier. On my way over, I managed to secure my re volver in thie dsrkness. I lay in wa'it for the first officer, but, strang to say, thie cap tain came in his place. Leaning upon tihe branss railing of the stairs, hie caught sight of me crouchling in thie dark. Very kindly and calmly he said: 'My boy, come tis way.' I could not help olhyirng. Said hire: 'Wily should you go to destr?ction? You make me think of my own boy, I once hadl one; hIe was about your size when God took him and left mise alone. Now, let me ibe your friend, and you behave yourself on this ship." That man could have askedmo to jump overboard for him, and I would have shone it I" SThat sailor is now one of the most trustcdl chief employesin a great slhipyard in Iris native Scotland, and thie kind word saved him to himself and humanity. 