FERTILISERS. It is nearly half fia century sinee Professor Liebig denounced the profligate waste of valu able fertilisers. He showed that substances of even greater money value than the fascinating gold, then being worked in California and Aus tralia, were annually travelling seawards in every river and stream. The fertility of Euro- pran fields was every day wasted with riotous extravagance. Thence-forward, as the people increased and multiplied, and every city and town congratulated itself how largely it had added to its population since the last census, the sewerage difficulty crept up, and endeavour ed, like a pauper, to " gain a settlement." Town councils behaved civilly to it at first, for it was a ncw-comer, and they invited it to take a front seat. They were glaa to have something to talk about, and'the sewerage question being then a very small one, they talked about it well, for town councillors can generally talk best and longest on les minulissima. Just as tbe'people increased so did tbe sewer-' age difficulty. From being a favoured guest at town cocm?il meetings it soon passed on to be a slighted one. Next it became a " bore," then a ghost — which, however, only haunted coun cillors every election time. Eventually it be came a tyrant, to be bribed off by the under taking of expensive engineering works, the rate payers feeling they were keeping the Goths from the gatef of Rome. Tn this way one city paid more than £100,000 to keep the enemy from the gate, and itis now preparing to pay a second and perhaps a larger tribute. The whole civilised world admits that our so-called sewerage system is a failure and worse. It is even more so than. v\ hen Liebig denounced it 40 or 50 years ago like a socially chemical « Ibsen." Half the people in a populous town have no other visible reason for living than to poison the other half — just as Dr. _ Wendell Holmes says he can understand why so many millions of human beings exist only on the theory that they furnish carbonic acid gas for the vegetable kingdom to feed upon. With proph; t-like eyes many an economical chemist has studied and experimented with a view to settling our swerage difficulty. Oir first view of that is to remove the" nuisance." In that ominous word is wrapped up not only the first sense of offence to the nostrils, but the host of epidemics which may at any time i6sue forth, like the evil genii of some Arabian Nichts story, to spread disease, distemper, and death among our loved and honoured on- s. Then what is the good of our wealth ? Rachel weeps for her children, in the palaca as well as the cot and cannot be comforted. The increas ing poison-traps favour the develop ment of " microbes,1' " microzymes," " bacteria," bacilli," and a host of others we knew nothing about until our fathers bred them by sewerage systems, just as the biological students cultivate their " germs " artificially on " gelatine " in the laboratory. In fact, an ig- 7 norant sewage system is a germ breeder and distributor £on an enormous scale ; aud yet peo ple wonder why such new and apparently in fectious diseases as influenza spring up among us. Consequently I am glad to draw attention to a lengthy paper in the last number of the Contract Journal ou " Sewage Disposal." It seems to be the first break of real sunlight out of a very cloudy sky. It is the record of lengthy experiments on the value of alnmine- fcrric as a sewage precipitant and neutraliser, a stopper of vile smells, and the possible arrester and utiliser of sewage fertilisers. 