Snowdrop Lodge, No. 91. ANNUAL MEETING. In the Temperance Hall, East Maitland on Fri- day evening the local Snowdrop Lodge No. 91 held its annual gathering, and the proceedings were of the usual pleasant character. The attendance was large, and 'was made up principally of young folk. The Rev. J. Lamont occupied the chair, whilst in addition to a strong choir several clergymen, including the Rev. T. Davis, .'of Wallsend, Grand Chaplain, occupied seats on the platform. Mrs. D. C. Carter presided at the pianoforte, and the speeches were punctu- ated by hymns, and duets, a solo and a recitation. Proceedings began by the Rev. T. Davis engaging in prayer, after which The CHAIRMAN said as others were to speak he would be brief in his remarks. He was pleased to see so many present, but would have been glad to bave seen a larger attendance, but he supposed it was very good when the state of the roads and the threatening aspect of the weather were taken into consideration. Anyhow the- approach to the hall, was not creditable to their town (Applause.) He supposed all present were in sympathy with the temperance cause, a cause which was next in importance to the Gospel of Christ, the Gospel he believed included total abstinence for all professing Christians. (Applause.) John Bright said he believed the temperance cause was the foundation of all good. That great statesman and warrior Von Moltke re- marked that beer was more danger to Germany than all the armies of France, and among the last 'words of the late Duke of Albany were that drink was the only enemy England had to fear. At a meeting held under the presidency of the Lord Mayor it was the unanimous testimony of the speakers that drink was at the bottom of almost all the misery and crime in London, and one gentle- man said that of 21,000 applicants for relief who had come under his notice only two . were total abstainers. When they thought of all the misery, the vice, the degradation caused by alcohol-in this fair land they would come to the conclusion that total abstinence for the individual and prohibition for the State was the only safeguard. The curse would never be coped with until those in power bestirred themselves to meet it boldly and bravely.' Total abstinence was the only safe position to be in That must be reiterated time after time, despite the sneer often cast at them that temperance speakers told them nothing new. The person who said a man could not be made sober by Act of Parliament doubtless thought the statement clever, and although he was afraid that law wonld not make old topers sober-as they would get grog somewhere-he thought that if there were not so many hotels there would not be so many tempta- tions, and a new olass of humanity would spring up who would eventually secure prohibition. (Ap- plause.) He did not believe in compensation to the publican, as those in the business went into it with their eyesopen.andshould make their arrangements as if the business were liable to be stamped out. However if they could get rid of the trade by com- pensation, he said in God's name givo it. He sarcastically referred to the working of the Noxious Animals Act, and said if they¿could.pass a similar measure, under another name perhaps, he would be happy to pay his portion of the necsBBary tax. He trusted the bill shortly to be introduced in Parlia- ment would do good, and that it would be stringent in its effect on the terrible drink traffic. The Rev. J. A. WADDELL said that in those days when tfiey had boots and goloshes, hats, and umbrellas to protect both ends of them they might, he thought, go out a bit more recklessly, but it would be those who were absent that evening that should be sorry. It was a comfort to think that whatever they said wisely and well in a day or two the Mercury would spread its powerful wings and carry their words to thousands of homes. (Ap- plause.) He complimented the chairman on his sensible address, much of which . was made of weighty words from men whose,memories would not soon die. It seemed wonderful to him that Euro- peans poisoned themselves so calmly with alcohol. The Chinese use opium, whilst the South Sea Islanders chew roots and gracefully expectorate the result in a bowl ; water is used to dilute it, and there they have what must be a splendid beverage. Then the French had a special favourite in absinthe, which 'was greatly in demand, and which he believed was the cause of much of the bad showing f of the French in the Franco-Prussian war. English- men had alcohol and tobacco, which were quite as bad as the others. Why little boys hardly wiped their mothers' milk off their mouth before they stuffed tobacco in it (laughter), and it was hard to expect them to do anything else when they considered the example Bet them. (Applause.) He thought the time had nearly come when the matter should be referred to from the pulpit. (Hear, hear.) Although the virtues of tobacco had often been sung, he looked at it as poison. They also had their villain«us puddings and other kitchen decoctions, and all round they were doing their best to shorten their lives. He believed lunacy was transmitted and cultivated by the use of alcohol. Darwin claimed that mankind sprang from monkeys, and if they did he could not see they should not spring back to monkeys, and then they would be ready to acknowledge their breeches would be dearer, and the tail would not add to the impressivenes3 of a swallow-tail coat. By the use of alcohol men were shortening their lives and hindering their usefulness : they saw men groping blindly about through it when they should be full ? of health and happiness. (Applause.) He, however, remarked that the drinking habits of modern days did not approach those of ancient times, when a man had to get drunk in order to be looked upon as a gentleman. The desire for local option was rapidly increasing, and he ridiculed the idea of legalising a trap to catch poor wretches and then punishing them for using them. He believed there should be compensation, but it should be from the publican to those whom he victimised. (Applause.) He believed a publican retiring from business should give half his wealth to the poor, and if he did ho would nearly accept him a member of his church. (Laughter ) It was absurd to talk of compensation to men whose trade did much to ruin the colony. Whj should not men who were compelled to close magnificent hotels on many roadsides owing to the passing of the railways, also be compensated? He desired that the good cauBO woutd prosper, nnd that all publicans would adopt his suggestion, retire, and give half their wealth to charity. The Rev. T. DAVIS said he was glad to be there that evening to take part in such a live meeting, and he was pleased to hear the remarks of the previous speakers which gave the true ring to the gathering at the start. He referred to the rumours now current at Wallsend about headless ghosts, but prohibition would be aB good as a ghost to them in Maitland any day. He thought that total abstinence for the individual and prohibition for the state was the only safe cause for a man to steer. They were told sometimes that*that was outside practical politics, but that proved to be a bubble, as Sir Henry Parkes had incorporated the principles"of prohibition in a bill. They would be given power to absolutely prohibit the sale of liquor in a district if they thought fit. Let them have the pure, straight up and down local option, instead of the hybrid thing now so called. Local option as at present constituted was not worth a snap of the fingers. In Newcastle lately, in spite of all the opposition of the people's votes, of the objection of the police, a license was granted. The police pleaded that the hotel was unnecessary, but the magistrates agreed by a majority to grant it. [VOICES : Shame.] The local option they had now was simply a sham and a delusion, and it was no wonder that people did not go and vote, but he was certain it would be different under a better measure. He believed Good Templary was the most effective opponent of the drink curse. The publi- cans had all the base passions and vices on their side, for they were simply fighting to keep their grip on humanity to damn it. On the other side, the temperance bodies were fight- ing aggressively in defence, and although the battle only practically covered a life- time good work had been done. He traced the inception and growth of Templar institutions, and remarked that it was only of late years that the political side of the question had been taken up. They had used moral suasion, bub what was the use of that when as soon as they saved some poor human being, a public house was opened to swallow others np. What was the use of Dringing a ship out of a storm, when men were in the hold scuttling her as fast as they could-what was the UBQ of trying to make men sober when hotels were increasing. Moral suasion had been found too slow, and so they gathered their forces together, and all their powers were brought to bear at the ballot box to vote as they prayed. God would shut up public houses when mankind was pre- pared to stamp them out. (Cheers.) In the new Parliament they had 25 or 26 members pledged to prohibition, and he believed 12 members of their order had won seats. (Applause ) He Bincerely hoped they would be responsible for some practical legislation this session. The drink traffic was wrong at the root, and regu- late it as they liked it would remain and continue a damnable curse wherever it goes. The true aim government was to secure every member of the community his rights, natural and civil, and the only limitation placed upon him was when men used their liberty to the injury of others. He did not think it was equitable that the drink traffic which brought disgrace and disaster on countless homes should be legislated for. People Bhould have the right to say whether they would have the trade or not, and as temperance people had succeeded in putting the traffic on its trial they had made one step towards justice. (Applause,) It was now the leading question-perhaps after religion. If they permitted hotels to remain open they should with like justice permit the Chinese gamblers to con tihue their evil courses, for they paid taxes and only catered for a certain class. Hotels were doubtless a necessity, but the grog inRide them was not a necessity. In Wallsend there were 29 respect- able hotels to a population of some seven or eight thousand souls, and he was certain they were not all required by travellers. They were told that prohibi- tion would be the incarnation of despotism, but that could not be when it was the people who applied it. They were told it would be destroying personal liberty ; but liberty was always within bounds-the liberty of one should be subservient to that of others, and he illustrated his remarks by examples. He asked the members of the lodge to continue bravely in the good work, and he hoped the day was not far distant when they could congratulate themselves on being able to prohibit the drink traffic in their own district. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. E. CARRUTHERS said he had only once prepared a speech for a public meeting, but he was called upon too late, and it was consequently crowded out. However, parsons were considered to be like clocks-able to go on for ever. ThuB if he started he might not know when to Btop, and so it was safer for him not to start at all. Besides, as they had parson after parson it would grow monot- onous, especially as they had kept a politician in the background. (Applause.) To get on good terras with an audience it was always necessary for the speaker to pitch into someone, and as the publicans had already been pretty well dealt with he would pitch into the people of the lodge. He was surprised to find that no report had been submitted to show how the lodge was getting on, and the information would be very welcome to strangers such as him. (Applause.) They were not alive to the cause in West Maitland at all, and he did not believe there was a lodge there, although he had started a Band of Hope to do good work among the young folk. He congratulated the lodge on its fine hall and the spirit shown by the members. He thought the local option they had now was good so far as it went, and it would be found a very useful agent if if they made thorough use of the privilege. (Applause.) If they did that they would show themselves entitled to greater privileges. He was glad to see such a gathering and especially so to see such a nwmber of young men taking interest in the movement. Mr. JAMES PRITCHARD said he was there at the .nvitation of a member of the ledge, and as a man desirous of doing his small best for the advance- ment of temperance. They had had a good deal of talk already that evening, and he was not*desirous of detaining them. He could ¿peak better and pre- ferred it when before people who were not total abstainers, for he could see little use in reiterating to temperance people the old story which they knew so well. He had been in the district 35 years, and as he listened to the speeches that night he could not help going mentally, back to the first temper- ance meeting he had attended in the colony, and t which he went to scoff more than to leam. He compared the social usages of those times and the present day, and said when he landed in Sydney nearly everyone appeared to be confirmed topers. The drinking customs were then simply abomin able. He referred to the good work done by Wilson, who was the first temperance missionary be had met in the colony, and told how he and a friend had agreed twenty-five years ago to sign the pledge which they had faithfully kept since. That friend was on the platform a little time back as a member of Parliament. The Government Statis tician proved that the cause of temperance v was advancing, and ho bpggt'd those who be- lieved they could not do without *liquor in some form to take him as proof to the contrary, and he argued that the struggle against alcohol was not so hard if the fight was made determined. Without drink a man could go through more labour physically and mentally. He remarked up- on the grand oportuaity the young men had in the present day, and he counselled them never to let any depression or trouble drive them to drink, for it was only a false stimulus which Nature had to pay for. He hoped they would continue the good work and make their meetings bright and happy. The Rev Mr. MOWBRAY after a few complimen- tary words moved a voted of thanks to the chairman, the ohoir, and the speakers, and upon being duly seconded it was carried and acknowledged, thus concluding a pleasant reunion. 