Some Curious Superstitious- Grosh tells as that it is unlucky to see one magpie and afterwards several others, but, on the other hand, if two magpies are seen it i3 a sign of an approaching wedding ; three, -Of a prosperous journey ; and four, that some good news will be received. Another authority states that a wedding is presaged by three magpies, and a death by four ; and according to an old Scotch rhyme quoted by Dr. Brewer One's sorrow, two's mirth, Three's wedding, four's a birth, Five's christening, six a dearth, etc. That it is unlucky to have peacock's feathors in a house, says Chambers's Journal, is firmly believed by many people, this piece of superstition most probably having its origin iutbe story of Argus, who was ehanged into a peacock, his hundred eyes— or in other wordB, spies — becoming at the same time the eye -spots on the tail feathers of that bird. It is only natural that our domestic poultry, daring their long association with man, should have given rise to many superstitious beliefs and customs. Thus, from the days of the ancients, cockerels have been used a3 auguries, and much importance has been at tached to the behaviour of fowls generally. The crowing of a hen is considered unlucky, and in some localities is looked upon as a fore boding of death. Moreover, the hen that ia able to sing like her spouse does not appear to gain a very enviable reputation by the ac complishment, for a well-known adage asserts that A whistling maid and a crowing hen Are neither good for God or men. . The cock, however, can crow to his heart's content, so long as he does if at reasonable times and the people living aronnd do not object to the noise. In fact, it is as well, perhaps, that he should crow, for it is an acknowledged fact that by his voice all res- pec table ghosts are regulated, and that at the first sound of 44 cook-a-doodie-doo " they must cease wandering among the living and hasten back to Hade3. It is said that in Persia the crowing of a cock is acconnted lucky or otherwise accord ing to the time at which it is heard, and should any misguided fowl so far forget him self as to crow at an unlucky hour he is forth with killed for his pains — a custom, it is to be hoped, which has its proper moral effecc on the Persian poultry. Fortunately for the present generation, the cocks of a modern farmyard are not in the habit of laying eggs. In olden times, how ever, they do not appear to have been so con siderate, and mediaeval poultry-keepers suf fered much anxiety in consequence, for they held it to be a well- authenticated fact that a eork's egg hatched by a viper would produce a cockatrice, which was a monster, half reptile, half bird, so venomous that it could kill a man by merely looking at him. 