BT. ANDRE VTS PRESBT rERTAN I CH UBCH. According to announcement the Rev. J Lyle delivered last evening, in St. Andrew'* Church, tbe fifth of a series of di&c;:-urstf on ' Infant Baptism,' taking for his text Matt xtvUL 10, 20. He lucidly 4e-Ut with the objections to this time-honored proc bice. The speaker eaid the command wa' w gv auu aanona, acu «ju aui, confine the rite to adults nor exclude children. In consequence they recognised the children's position in the Church on account of tbe parents' faith— a principle established by God and a law which bas never been repealed. He then took a list of objections from '* Tabernacle Evangel,' now being circulated through Launceston : — 1. ' No precept for infant baptism, therefore wrong.' Eeply —In tbe apos tolic times, as in heathen lands now evfn, our own missionaries record the baptism of adults, and give infant baptism a secondary place, but following the difciples* footsteps in household baptism they baa a continuation of the Divine and unrepealed law. Again ; do Baptists pro duce a precept for the admission of females to the Lord's Table ? If not, where is their consistency. Tbe very fact of thsir so doing proved the position taken up for infant Baptism. But they made an infer ence in the one case and held it was right, and advocates oE infant bep*iam, besides other evidence, make a similar inference, aud the Baptists saw it was 'wrong.' Parents had their infants admitted to the s-jal of righteousness by faith for a period of 2000 ye*rs, was it natural to suppose tbey would allow them to be 'excluded without murmuring ? Circumcision was taken, and baptism put fn it* stead, there I b°ing no ground for complaint. There is not the shadow of evidence in sup* port of Btptisie' doctrine that parents should defer the baptism of their offspring until they become adults. Neither was there ovidenc? or the existence of the Baptist Church until the 12th csn tnry. Second obj^c'ion— ?? Infants are not proper publacts for baptiam.' Reply— God is not bo harsh and unjust as to require what USanta cannot give, and Baptists eay *' they cannot believe, aud should not be baptised.' Follow this logic, 'He that believath not shall be damned.' Infants cannot believe, and therefore ' will be damned-' Pro-Baptists preferred that, | if infants go to Heaven, they go there bap- 1 tised by the Holy Ghoet, and, if saved and I baptised by the Holy Ghost without faith, j tbey can and aught to ba baptised witboat 1 faith. Did God do wrong when in- 1 faots were CTcamciesd without faith? Baptists would infer as muclt Cir cutnrision did not include all Abraham'* nh'Qri) ps$d-^rjr„ Edomir^acd others alw- , protolyteu, were circumcised who were not his natural seed- 4. ' H'tia'- ba^ *n infant 1 to do wilh conscience ?' Ueply, 1 Pet, tilWSl. The contrast her# is betwaeo ont ward asa inward cleansing, and if a flbDd was not cleansed by tiia baptism of tba HoIyiSpirit, how fianlt gat.tofiaavao, and if it be, why deny the sign ? 6. Iftbeyset to hfeaven they must have Christ 'put on* 6\. Christ blessed infants, which most phatioally carries membership, and if ao, then baptism also. 7. ' Follow Chrisfa example— baptised at 20 years ot age.0 Do Baptists follow? Dr. Campbell, a leading Baptist in America, aaya not a tltba 01 those immersed will reach heaven. He (Hr Lyle) asked if the immersion of those who do not reach heaven wad believers' or un believers' baptism. If the latter, - then they could aot have b»ea 'buried With Christ,' and 'surely unbeliever*' baptism is as bad as infant b&ptism; i 