. .W -.HAT -IS IT'? GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. " No, I do not believe ii ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, ' but I do believe in the ministration of spirits." ' This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural florishes. Interest centres about the practicol. Haunted houses are rented without great difi culty, if the landlord is willing to knock oft a portion of the rect. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. WeVo are led to do things we should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards, then we onder how se came to do them. We are forcedto learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practicad age results are what people are'look ing after. They believe in what they see; the. " evidence of thinges not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick, he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is emuloyed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Mel bourne, writes, 21st October, 1590:--"During the past sixteen years I have been ailing periodsically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequeutly seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kiinea s and liver would bihrlng about a llnre estrios diecaso. rn.ally I ris U) tcs s.s~c.n cw',lrýa?,.r'. ..r. cure, and not until then did I experience any asueloration in my condition. The use of thms iedicine speedily wrought a arent change and four bottles effected a complete cure." Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale street; Melbourne, says :-" i30th October, 1890.-For some years I have been suitering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back dind right bide, aiLd my digestive o:gins were also out of order. IIn addition I was afflicted. with congestion of the liver and" periodical headaches of a severe nature. tMy suffering wasquickly remooved when resorting to Warsner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute psains in the right side, caused by the, congestion of the liver, ceased; while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 