THE WORLD'S DESIRE. "RV H. HIDES HAGGARD AKD AXDBEW LAMS. HI i'.TAM fete imworta em fuittt iitdfeai (empuf.— S I-JIV I I'S. JKN I ED II., 601. BOOK I. CHAPTER III. TJIK SITTING OK THE BIDONIAN8. Morning broke in tbe East! A new day dawned upon tbe silent sea, and on the world of light and sound. The ranrise crossed the waters by a path of gold, and fell npon tbe golden raiment of tbe Wanderer as he slept, making it blaze like a living fire. As toe ran touched him, the prow of a taUck ship stole swiftly round the headland, for ttie wind I was fair in her wake, and «e oaxsnen drove I her weU with the oars. Any ma* who saw 1 her would haveknown her to tee a wssel of the \ merchants of Sidon—-the most coming people I and tbe greediest of gain—for on her prow I •were two big-healed dupes ©£ dwarfs, with I gaping mouths and knotted -limbs. Such gods I H.- i)*>se were worshipped by the Sidonians. I ai't was now returning from Albion, an ] ule beyond tbe pillars of Hercules aoS tbe j gates of toe igveat sea, -where much store of | tin is found ; and she had rich merchandise on I boand. On tbe&alMeek; beside the steersman J wa» tbe captain, a thin, keen-eyed sailor, who looked shoreward and saw th Etui blaze -on -the golden armour of the AVsmderer. They were so far off that he amid oot see clearly what it was that glittered yellow, -but all that glittered yellow was a lure lor him, and gold drew him on AS iron draws the bands of heroes. So he bade tbe helmsman staer'stKught in, for the sea was deep below the -rock,-and they all saw a man lying asleep in golden armour. They whispered together, laughing.silently, and then sprang ashore, I taking with thein a rope of twisted ox hide, a | hawser of the ship, and a strong cable of J byblus, the. papyrus, plant. On these ropes J tbey cast a loop and a running knot, a lasso for I throwing, so that they might capture the man J in safety from a distance. With these in their I hands they crept up the cliff, for their purpose I was to noose the man in golden armour, and I drag him on board their vessel, and carry him I to the mouth of the river of Egypt, and there I sell him for a slave to the King. For the I Sidonians, who were greedy of everything, j loved nothing better tlian to catch free men I and women, who might be purchased by mere I force or guile, and then be sold again for gold I and silver and cattle. Many kings' sons had j thus been captured by tlicni, and had seen the j day VUJ V4 of OJH.»VTJAU slavery in Babylon, IUU) \JL or Tyre, AJICJ V/L or Egyp- UJJJJI* J tian Thebes, and had died sadly, far from the Argive land. So the Sidonians went round warily, and creeping in silence over the short grass and • thyme towards the Wanderer, were soon as j near him as a child could throw a stone. Like I shepherds who seek to net a sleeping lion they j came cunningly; yet not so cunningly but that tbe Wanderer heard them through his dreams, I nrd turned and sat up, looking around him J half awake. But as he woke the noose fell I rbnut his neck and over his arms, and they drew it hard, and threw him on his back, j Before they could touch him lie was on his I feet J.A-11 again, UfjUtU) crying Vtjijjg his MW war-cry J terribly, ITClLlLfljr, the l/IIC cry tJljr that shook the towers of Llium, and he rushed upon them, clutching at his sword hilt. The men who were nearest him and had bold of the rojie let it fall from their hands and fled, but the others swung behind him, and dragged with all their force. H his arms had been free so w that hemight ucwiguu draw uian his 11IO sword OWUIU it lb would WUUiU have UftVO gone ill with them, many as they were, for the Sidonians have no stomach for sword blades; j but «ui) his mo <u»i3 aims were Trvio held uciu iu in the uic noose. uwac* Yet i tjL they uicy did not easily master him; but, as those who had tied came back, and they all laid-hands on the rope together, they overpowered him by main force at last, and hauled him, step by 8tep, till he stumbled on a rock and fe!L Then they rushed at him, and threw themselves all upon his body, and bound lum with ropes in cunning sailor knots. But the booty «ras dearly won,"and they did not all return alive; for he crushed one man with his knees till the breath left him, and the thigh of another he broke with a blow of his foot. But at last his strength was spent, and they bad him like a bird in a snare; so, by might and main, they bore him to their slup, and threw him down on the foredeck of the vesseL There they mocked him, though they were kalf afraid; for even now he was terrible. Then they hauled up the sail again, and sat down to tbe oars. The wind blew fair for the mouth of the Nile and the slave-market of Th® wind was fair, and their hearts were light, for tbey had been among tbe first •f their people to deal with the wild tribes of the island Albion, and had bought tin and gold for African seashells and rude glass beads from . Egypt. And now, near the very vexy end eim of 01 xneir —-- adventure, .... • wuvw.u, they wivj had unu caught MHMtUU a man Hi 1UAU whose 1VUUH armour and whose body were worth a kintr's king's I raiisom. It was a lucky voyage, they said, and the wind was fair! The rest of the journey was long, but in wellknown waters. They passed by Ceplialonia and the rock of ^gilips, and wooded Zacynthus, and Same, ana all of those isles he was the lord, whom tliey were now selling into captivity. But he lay still, breathing heavily, and he stirred but once—that was when they seared Zasynthus. Then he strained his head round with a mighty strain, and he saw the sun go down upon the heights of rocky Ithaca, for that last time of alL So the swift ship ran along the coast, slipping by forgotten towns that died before history began. Past the Echinean isles, and the Elian shore, and pleasant Eirene they sped, and it was dusk ere they reached Dorion. Deep night had fallen when they ran by Pylos; and the light of the fires in the hall of Pisistran is the son of Nestor the Old, shone out aero.-* the sandy sea coast and the sea. But when iliey were come near Malea, the southernmost point of land, where two seas meet, there the storm snatched thein, and drove them ever southwards, beyond Crete, towards the moutli of the Kile. They scudded along before tin; storm- wind, losing their reckoning, and nulling by island temples that showed like ghosts through the mist, and past havens whicli they oould not win. On they fled, and the men would gladly have lightened the ship by ca.st.11y all the cargo overboard; but the captain v. .itched the hatches with a sword and two bronze-tipped spears in his hand. He •would fink or swim with the ship ; he would go down with his treasure, or reach Sidon, the City of Flowers, and build a white house among the palms by the waters of Bostren, and never try the sea again. So he swore; and he would not let them cast the Wanderer overboard, as they desired, because he had brought bad luck. " He shall bring a good price in Tanis," cried the captain. And at last the storm abated, and the Sidonians took heart, and were glad like men escaped from death; so they sacrificed and jKrared forth wine before the dwarf-gods on the prow of their vessel, and burned incense on iheir little altar. In their mirth, and to mock the Wanderer, they hung his sword and his ehield against the mast, and his quiver and his bow they arrayed in the fashion of a trophy; and they mocked him, supposing that he knew no word of their speech. But he knew it well, as he knew the speech of the people of Egypt; for he had seen the cities of many men, and had spoken with captains and mercenaries from many a land in the great wars. .The Sidonians, however, jibed and spoke freely before him, saying how they were bound for the rich city of Tanis, on the banks of the river of Egypt, and how the captain was minded to pay his toll to Pharaoh with the body and the armour of Wanderer. That he might seem the eomelier, and a gift more fit for' a King,, the sailors slackened his bonds a little, and brought him dried meat and wine, and he ate till his strength returned to him. Then lie entreated them by signs to loosen the cord that bound his.legs; for indeed his limbs were dead through the strength of the bonds, and his armour was eating into his flesh. At his prayer they took some pity of him and loosened his bonds again, and he lay upon his back, moving his legs to and fro till his strength came back. So they titled southward ever, through smooth waters and past the islands that lie like waterlilies in the midland sea. Many a strange sight they saw; vessels bearing slaves whose sighing might be heard above the sigh ing_ of -wind and water—youug men and maidens of Ionia and Achai, stolen by slavetraders into bondage; now they would touch at the .white havens of . a jjeaceful city; and again tbey. would watch a smoke on the sealine all day, rising black into the heavens; but by nightfall the smoke would change to a great roaring-fire from the beacons of a lieleaguered island town; the fire would blaze on the masts •f the ships of the besiegers, and show bloodied on their sails, and glitter on the gilded shields that lined the bulwarks of the ships. But the Sidonians never stopped till one nieht tbey anchored off a little .isle that lies over against the mouth of the Kile. Off this isle they moored the ship and slept, most of them Jishore. Then tbe Wanderer began to plot a way to •escape, though the enterprise aeemed desperate •enough. He was lying in the darkness of the iold, sleepless ar,d .«ore with his bonds, while ibis gqard watched under an awning -in the moonlight on deck. They dreamed so little of bis escaping that they visited hiia only by -watches, now and agam ; and, as it chanced, the saan whose turn it .w-as to see tl'at all was secure fell asleep. Many a thought went through the prisoner'^ mind, and now it seemed to him that the vision-of the Goddess was only a visionrfif sleep, which oaiae, as they saic£ tl. rough the false Gates of Ivory, and not through the Gates of Horn. So he was to live in riavery after all, a king no lenger, but a captive, toijing in the Egyptian caines of Sinai, flr a soldier at a palace gate, till he died. Thus be brooded, till out of the stillness eanie a thin, faint, thrilling sound from the bow that hung against. the mast over his head, the bow that — _ „ mc pever thought to string again. There was a J noise of tbe singing of tfae bow and of the etring, and tbe wordless song sbarted itself thus in tbe heart of tbe Wanderer— * I/)l tbe hoar ia nigh Aad tie tone to smite, When tbe foe shall fly Froci the arrow's flight! Jjet th« bronze bite deep! fcetthe war-birds fly Upon thein that sleep And are ripe to dial Shrill and low Do the grey shafts sing The Song of the Bow, The sound of tbe string' Thee tihe low music died into the silence, and tbe Wanderer knew %hat the next sun would not -set on the day «of slavery, and that his i revenge was was near. near. His His bonds bonds would would be be no no I terrier to bis vengeance; they would break burnt tow, fee knew, in the fire of his -*nger. Long sinoe, in his old wandering days, -Calypso, bis love, had taught him in the summer leisure of her seagirt isle how to tie knots that no man could untie, and to undo all the kots that man can bind. He remembered this lesson in the night when the bow sang of war. So he thought no more of sleeping, but cunningly and swiftly unknotted all the cords and the bonds wbicb bound him to a bar of iron in'the hold. He might have escaped now, perhaps, if he had stolen on deck without waking the guards, dived thence, and swam under water towards the island, where he might have hidden himself in the bush. But e he desired revenge no less than freedom, and had set his heart on coming in a ship of his own, and with all the great treasure of the Sidonians, before the Egyptian King. With this in his mind, he did not throw off the cords, but let them lie on his arny and legs and about his body, as if they were still tied fast. But he fought against sleep, lest in moving when he woke he might reveal the trick, and be bound again. So he lay and waited, and in the morning the sailors came on board, and mocked at him again, In his mirth one of the men took a dish of meat and of lentils, and set it a little out of the Wanderer's reach as he lay bound, and said in the Phoenician tongue: "Mighty Lord, art thou some God of Javan" (for so the Sidonians called the Achasans), " and wilt thou deign to taste our sacrificed Is not the savour sweet in the nostrils of my Lord? Why will he not put forth his hand to touch our offering?" Then the heart of Odysseus muttered sullenly within him, in wrath at the insolence of the man. But he constrained himself and smiled, and said : " Wilt thou not bring the mess a very little nearer, my friend, that I may smell the sweet inceusc of the sacrifice i" They were amazed when they heard him speak in their own tongue; but he who held the dish brought it nearer, like a man that angers angere a dog uog 111 now offering the meat, and now taking it away, So soon as the man was within reach, the Wanderer sprang out, the loosened bonds falling at his feet, and smote the sailor beneath the ear with his clenched fist. The blow was so fierce, for all his anger went into it, that it crushed the bone, and drove the man against the mast of the shin so that the strong mast shook. Where he fell, there he lay, his feet kicking the floor of the hold in his death-pain, Then the Wanderer snatched from the mast his bow and hia short sword, slung the quiver about bis shoulders, and ran on to the raised decking of the prow. The bulwarks of the deck were high, and the vessel was narrow, and before the sailors could stir for amazement the Wanderer had taken I bis D1S stand a behind the little altar and ^^ the dwarfgods. Here he stood with an arrow on the string, and the bow drawn to his ear, looking | about him terribly. Now panic and dread came on the Sidonians when-.tney saw him standing thus, and one of the sailors cried— " Alas! what god have we taken and bound ? Our ship'may not contain him. Surely he is Besef Mikal, the God of the Bow, whom they of J a van call Apollo. Nay, let lis land him on the isle and come not to blows with him, but entreat his mercy, lest he rouse the waves and the winds against us." But the captain of the ship of the Sidonians cried:— " Not so, ye knaves! Have at him, for he is no god, but a mortal man; and his armour is worth many a yoke of oxen." Then he bade some of them climb the decking at the further end of the ship, and throw spears at him thence; and be called others to bring tip one of the long spears and charge him with that. Now, these were huge pikes that were wielded bv five or six men at once, and no armour could withstand them. They were used in the fights to drive back boarders, and to ward off attacks on ships which were beached on shore in the sieges of towns. The men whom the captain appointed little liked the task, for the long spears were laid on i tressels tresseis along aiong the tne bulwarks, Bulwarks, and to reach them I Q and unship them it was needful to come within range ranee of the t.h« bow. Hnw But Tin* the sailors „„ on the further deck threw all their spears at once, while five men leaped on the deck where the Wanderer stood. He loosed the bowstring and the shaft sped on its way; again he drew and loosed, and now two of them had fallen beneath his arrows, and one was struck by a chance blow from a spear thrown from the further deck, and the other two leaped back into the hold. Then the Wanderer shouted from the high decking of the prow in the speech of the Sidonians— " Ye dogs, ye have sailed on your latest sea faring, and never again shall ye bring the day of slavery on any man." So he cried, and the sailors gathered together in the hold, and took counsel how they should deal with him. But meanwhile the bow was not silent, and of those on the hinder deck who were casting spears one dropped, and the others quickly fled to their fellows below, for on the deck they had no cover. The sun was now well risen and shone on the Wanderer's golden mail as he stood alone on the decking with his bow drawn. The sun shone, there was silence, the ship swung to her anchor; and still he waited, looking down, his arrow pointed at the level of the deck to shoot at the first head which rose above the planking. Suddenly there came a rush of men on to the further decking, and certain of them tore the shields that lined the bulwarks from their pins, and threw them down to those who were below, while others cast a shower of spears at the Wanderer. Some of the spears he avoided; others leaped back from his mail; others stood fast in the altar and in the bodies of _ the dwarf - gods; while he answered with an arrow that did not miss its aim. But his eyes were always watching most keenly the hatches nearest him, whence a gangway ran down to the lower part of the ship, where the oarsmen sat; for only thence could they make a rush on him. As he watched and drew an arrow from the quiver on his shoulder, he felt, as it were, a shadow between him and the deck. He glanced up quickly, and there on the yard above his head, a man, who had climbed the mast from behind, was creeping down to drop on him from above. Then the Wanderer snatched a short spear and cast it at the man. The spear sped quicker than a thought, and pinned his two hands to the yard so that he hung there helpless, shrieking to his friends. But the arrows of the Wanderer kept raining on the men who stood on the further deck, and presently some of them, too, leaped down in terror, eiying that he was a god and not a man, while others threw themselves into the sea, and swam for the island. Then the Wanderer himself waited no longer, seeing them all amazed, but he drew his sword and leaped down among them with a cry. like a sea-eagle sweeping on seamews in the crevice of a rock. To right and left he smote with his short sword, making a havoc and sparing none, for the sword ravened in liis hand. And some fell over the benches and oars, but such of the sailors as could flee rushed up the gangway into the further de^k, and thence sprang overboard, while those who had not the luck to flee fell where they stood, and scarcely struck a blow. Only the captain of the ship, knowing that all was lost, turned and threw a spear in the Wanderer's face. But he watched the flush of the bronze and stooped his head, so that the spear struck only the golden helm aud pierced it through, but scarcely grazed his head. Xow the Wanderer sprang on the Sidonian captain, and smote him with the fiat of his sword, so that he fell senseless on the deck, and then he bound him hand and foot with cords as he himself had been bound, and made him fast to the iron bar in the hold. Next he gathered up the dead in his mighty arms, and set them against the bulwarks of the foredeck—-harvesting the fruits of War. Above the deck the man who had crept along the yard was hanging by his two hands which the spear had piuned together to the yard. "Art thou there, friend ?" cried the Wanderer, mocking him. " Hast thou chosen to stay with me rather than go with thy friends, or seek new service? Nay, then, as thou art so staunch, abide there, and keep a good lookout for the River mouth and the market where thou art to sell me for a great price." So he spoke, but the man was already dead of pain and fear. Then the Wanderer unbuckled his golden armour, which clanged upon the deck, and drew fresh water from the hold to cleanse himself, for he was stained like a lion that has devoured an ox. Next, with a golden comb lie combed his long dark curls, and he g.ithereJ his arrows out of the bodies of the dead, aud out of the thwarts and the sides of the ship, cleansed them, and laid them ba.-k in the quiver. When all this was ended he put on his armour again ; but strong as he was, he .could not tear the spear from the helm without breaking the gold ; so he snapped die shaft and put on the helmet with the p r.nt of the jave∈ still fixed firm in the crest, as Fate would have it so, and this w:i> the iieginning of his sorrows. Next he ate lur.it and bread, and drank wine, and poured furr'i ^o-ue of the wine before his gods. Lasriv !;•• rli-.i^ed UD the heavy atone with wlii<-u ihe ship was mc KMJiie wnn WiiH'ij I 'll sili|> was moored, a etonc heavier f;ir, they say, than threa-other men oould lift. He took the tiller in his hand ; tbe steady north wind, the Etesian wind, bent blowing in the 6ails, and he steered straight southward for the n'ouths of tbe Nile. CHAPTER IV. TEE BLOOD-HED SEA. A hard fight it had been and a long, and the Wanderer was weary. He took the tiller of the ship in his hand, and steered for the South and for the noonday sun which was now at his highest in the heavens. But suddenly the bright light of tbe sky was darkened and the air was filled with the rush, and the murmur, and the winnowing of innumerable wings. It was as if all the birds that have their homes and seek their food in the great salt marsh of Cayster had risen from the South and had flown over sea in one hour, for the heaven was darkened with their flight, and loud with the call of cranes and the whistling cry of the wild ducks. So dark was the thick mass of flying fowl that a flight of swans shone 6nowy against the black cloud of their wings. At the view of them the Wanderer caught his bow eagerly into his hand and set an arrow on the string, and taking a careful aim at the white wedge of birds he shot a wild swan through the breast as it swept high over the mast Then, with all the speed of its rush, the wild white swan flashed down like lightning into tbe sea behind the ship. The Wanderer watched its fall, when, lo 1 the water where the dead swan fell splashed up "As red as blood and allafoam! The long silver wings and snowy plumage floated on the surface flecked with blood-red stains, and the Wanderer marvelled as he bent over the bulwarks and gazed steadily upon the sea. Then he saw that the wide sea round the ship was covered, as far as the eye could reach, as it were, with a blood- red scum. Hither and thither tbe red stain was tossed like foam, yet beneath, where the deep wave divided, the Wanderer saw that-the streams of the sea were grey and green below the crimson dye. As he watched he saw, too, that the red froth was drifted always onward from tlie South and from the mouth of the River of Egypt, for behind the wake of the ship it was most red of all, though he had not marked it while the battle raged. But in front the colour grew thin as if the stain that the river washed down was all but spent. In his beart the Wanderer thought, as any man must have done, that on the banks of the lliver of Egypt there had been some battle of great nations, and that the war-god had raged furiously, wherefore the holy river as it ran forth stained all the sacred sea. Where war was, there was his home ; no other home had he now, and all the more eagerly he steered right on to see what the Gods would send him. The flight of birds was over and past; it was two hours after noon, the light was high in the heaven, when, as he gazed, another shadow fell on him, for the sun in mid-lieaven grew small, and red as blood. Slowly a mist rose up over it from the MHith, a mist that was thin but black as night. Beyond, to the southward, there was a bank of cloud like a mountain wall, steep, and polished, and black, tipped along the ragged crest with fire, and opening ever and agam with flashes of intolerable splendour, while the bases were scrawled over with lightning like a written serolL Never had the Wanderer in all his voyaging on the sea and on the great River Oceanus that girdles the earth and severs the dead from the living men—never had he beheld such a darkness. Presently he came as it were within the jaws of it, dark as a wolf's mouth, so dark that he might not see the corpses on the deck, nor the mast, nor the dead man swinging from the yard, nor the captain of the Phosnicians, who groaned aloud below, praying to his gods. But in the wake of the ship there was one break of clear blue sky on the horizon, in which the little isle where he had slain the Sidonians might be discerned far off as bright and white as ivory. Now, though he knew it not, the gates of his own world were closing behind the Wanderer for ever. To the North, whence he came, lay the clear sky, and the sunny capes and isles, and the airy mountains of the Argive lands, white with the temples of familiar Gods. But in face of him, to the South, whither he went, was a cloud of darkness and a land of darkness itself. There were things to befall more marvellous than are told in any tale; there was to he a war of the peoples, and of tbe Gods, the True Gods and the False, and there he should find the last embraces of Love, the False Love and the True. Foreboding somewhat of the perils that lay in front the Wanderer was tempted to shift his course and sail back to the eunlight. But he was one that had never turned his hand from the plough, nor his foot from the path, and he thought that now his path was fore- ordained. bo he lashed the tiller with a rope, and groped his way with his hands along the deck till he reached the altar of the dwarf gods, where the embers of the sacrifice still were glowing faintly. Then with his sword he cut some spear-shafts and broken arrows into white chips, and with them he filled a large brazier, and taking the seed of fire from the altar set light to it from beneath. Presently the wood blazed up through the noonday night, and the fire flickered and flared on the faces of the dead men that lay about the deck, rolling to larboard and to starboard as the vessel lurched, and the flame shone red on the golden armour of the Wanderer. Of all his voyages this was the strangest seafaring, he cruising alone, with a company of the dead, deep into a darkness without measure or bound, to a land that might not be descried. Strange gusts of sudden wind blew him hither and thither. The breeze would rise in a moment from any quarter, and die as suddenly as it rose, and another wind would chase it over the chopping seas. He knew not if he sailed south or north, he knew not how time passed, for there was no sight of the sun. It was night without a dawn. Yet his heart was gay, as if lie had been a boy again, for the old sorrows were forgotten, so potent was the draught of the chalice of the Goddess, and so glad was tbe delight of battle. "Endure, my heart," he cried, as he had often cried before, "a worse thing than this thou hast endured," and he caught up a lyre of the dead Sidonians, and sang:— Thongh the light of the sun be hidden, Though his race be run. Though we sail in a sea forbidden To the golden sun; Thongh we wander alone, unknowing— Oh, heart of mine— The pa th of the stranjre sea-going— On the blood-red brine; Yet endure! We shall not be shaken By things worse than these; We have 'scaped, when our friends were taken, On the unsailed seas; Worse deaths have we faced and fled from, In the Cyclops' den, When the floor of his cave ran red from The blood of men; Worse griefs have we known undaunted, Worse fates have fled, When the Isle that our long love haunted Lay waste and dead! So lie was chanting when he descried, faint and far off, a red glow cast np along the darkness like sunset on the sky of the underworld. For this light he steered, and soon he saw two tall pillars of flame blazing beside each other, with a narrow space of night between them. He helmed the sliip towards these, and when he came near them they were like two mighty mountains of wood burning far into heaven, and each was as lofty as the pyre that blazes over men slain in some red war, and each pile roaivd and flared above a steep crag of smooth blai-k basalt, and between the burning iuo;::ids of fire lay the still flame-flecked water cf a haven. The ship neared the haven, and the Wanderer saw, moving like fireflies through the night, the lanterns in the prows of boats, and from one of the boats a sailor hailed him in the speech of the people of Egypt, asking him if he desired a pilot. "Yea," he shouted. The boat drew near, and the pilot came aboard, a torch in his hand ; but when his eves fell on the dead men in the ship, and the horror hanging from the yard, and the captain bound to the iron bar, and above all, on the golden armour of the hero, and on the spear-point fast in his helm, and on his terrible face, he shrank back in dread, as if the God Osiris himself, in the Ship of Death, had reached the harbour. But the "Wanderer bade him have no fear, telling him that he came with much wealth and with a great gift for the Pharaoh. The pilot, therefore, plucked up heart, and took the helm, and between the two great hills of blazing fire the vessel glided into the smooth waters of the River of Egypt, the flames glittering on the Wanderer's mail as he stood by the mast, and chanted the Song of the Bow. Then, by the counsel of the pilot, the* vessel was steered up the river towards the Temple of Heracles in Tanis, where there is a sanctuary for strangers, and where no man may harm them. But first, the dead Sidonians were cast overboard into the great river, for the dead bodies of men are an abomination to the Egyptians. And as each body struck the water the Wanderer saw a hateful sight, for the face of the river was lashed into foam by the sudden leaping and rushing of huge four-footed fish, or so the Wanderer deemed them. The sound of the heavy plunging of the ereat water beasts, as they darted forth on the prey smiting at each other with their tails, and the gnashing of their jaws when they bit too eagerly, and only harmed the air, and the leap of a greedy sharp snout from the waves, even before the dead man cast from the ship had quite touched the water—these things were horrible to see and hear through the blackness and by the firelight. A river of death it seemed, haunted bv the horrors that are feigned to prey upon the souls and bodies of the dead. For the first time the heart of the Wanderer died within him. at the terror of the darkness and of this dread river and of the water beasts that dwelt within it. Then he remembered how the birds had fied in terror from this place, and he bethought him of the Llood-rcd a?a. I When the dead men wore all cast overboard and the river was ouee more sUil the Wanderer spoke, sick at heart, and enquired of the pilot why the sea had run so red, and whether war was in the land, and why there was night over all that country. The fellow answered that there was no war, but peace, yet the land was strangely platmed with frogs and locusts and in all their coasts, the sacred River Sihor running red for three whole days, and now, at last, for this the third day, darkness over all the world. But as to the cause of these curses the pilot knew notliing, being a plain man. Only the story went among the people that the Gods were angered with Khem (as they call Egypt), which, indeed, was easy to see for those things oould come only from the Gods. But why they were angered the pilot knew not, 6till it was commonly thought that the Divine Hathor the Goddess of Love, was wrath because of the worship given in Tanis to one they called THE STUANGE HATBOB, a goddess or a woman of wonderful beauty, whose temple was in Tanis. Concerning her the pilot said that many years ago, some thirty yeart, 6he had first appeared in the country, coming none knew whence, and had been worshipped in Tanis, and had again departed as mysteriously as she came. But now she had once more chosen to appear visible to men, strangely, and to dwell in her Temple; and the men who beheld her could do nothing but worship her for her beauty. Whether she was a mortal woman or a goddess the pilot did not know, only he thought that she who dwells in Atarhechis, Hathor of Khem the Queen of Love, was angry with the Strange Hathor, and had sent the darkness and the plagues to punish them who worshipped her. The people of the seaboard also murmured that it would be well to drive the Strange Hathor from their coasts, if she were a goddess; and if she were a woman to stone her with stones. But the people of Tanis vowed that they would rather die, one and all, than do • aught but adore the incomparable beauty of their strange goddess. Others, again, held that two wizards, leaders of certain slaves of a strange race, wanderers from the desert, settled in Tanis, whom they called the Apura, caused all these sorrows by art-magic. As if, forsooth, said the pilot, those barbarian slaves were more powerful than all the priests of Egypt. But, for his part, the pilot knew nothing, only that if the divine Hathor were angry with the jieople of Tanis it was hard that she must plague all the land of Khem. So the pilot murmured, and his tale was none of the shortest; but even as he spoke the darkness grew less dark and the cloud lifted a little so that the shores of the river might be seen in a green light like the light of Hades, and presently the night was rolled up like a veil, and it was living noonday in the land of Khem. Then all the roise of life broke forth in one moment, the kine lowing, the wind bowing the feathery palms, the fish splashing in the stream, men crying to each other from the river banks, and the voice of multitudes of people in every red temple praising Ra, their great God, whose dwelling is the sun. The Wanderer, too, praised his own Gods, and gave thanks to Apollo, and to Helios, Hyperian. and to Aphrodite. And in the end the pilot brought the ship to the quay of a great white-walled city, and there a crew of oarsmen was hired, and they sped rejoicing in the sunlight to Tanis and the Sanctuary of Heracles, the Safety of Strangers. There the ship was moored, there the Wanderer rested, kindly received by the shaven priests of the temple. 