THE WEDDING RING, A Tale of Tc-Bay. 13y ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of ' The Heir of Linne,93 ' The Moment After,33 ' The Shadow of the Sword,33 ' God and the Man,33 ' Stormy Waters,35 &e.; {Published by spedal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Chaftee VIL — Sin Geoege. The two friends rode side by side in silenae for the most part until they came to Croueh ford Lodge, a venerable pile of buildings of which the central and oldest portion was Elizabethan and the two wings of the date of the first Charles and the second George re spectively. It stood on a little eminence (quite a hill it seemed amid the flat Hssex meadows) and com manded a goodly view of the broad acres which owned Sir -George as -master. Dinner that eveiiing was as dull a business as if the two companions, instead of being ba=o:n friends who had not met for years, had been long since feored to deaths by each o&ier;'s society and could find nothing to say. Bream, who bad by this time got over his amazement at recognising his old Westminster parishioner in Mrs. Dartmouth, made several attempts to lead bis companion into conversation, but with little avaiL Sir George woke up for a minute only to fall back into his uneasy reserve. At last, when coffee had been served and thsy were left alone with their cigars, the curate roundly challenged bis friend as to the reason of his melancholy. 'I may as well tell you,'9 '.said Venebies. ' One gets a sort of relief sometimes by talking freely. But not here. Let's get out of doars into the fresh air.33 They passed out together in the growing moonlight, and the baronet, at first with an obvious effort but increasing ease as he con tinued, unloosened himself to his old friend. '* You asked me just now,3' he said, ' why I went abroad the year before last and stayed away until two months ago. Fll tell you. It was because I had asked Mrs. Dartmouth to be my wife and she had refused, and Lthought that 'change of scene and occupation might help me to forget her.33 'She refused you,33 repeated Eream. ' Yes.39 ' Did she give any reason for the refusal f ' I asked her for a reason. She begged me to let the question go unanswered, but assured me that the reason was sufficient.' 'Who is Mrs. Dartmouth?9 asked Eream. It went against the honest openness of his nature to be guilty of even such innocent feigning as this, but he held the woman's secret in trust and had bound himself in silence. Sir George was his eldest friend and he must needs show sympathy for him in his trouble. 'She is Mrs. Dartmouth,39 answered the baronet. '' That is all I know and all I want to know, except for the last five vears she has been the only woman in the world to me.33 ' You know nothing of her antecedents ~i' 'Nothinar whatever. She came here with her child five years ago and took the farm through an agent. A year later she made personal overtures to buy it. My father was very unwilling to let it go, but I per suaded him and he gave way. That was the beginning of a misunderstanding between us which lasted to his death — the 'only one we ever had together. I was so infatuated with Gillian after my first meeting with her that I couldn't keep away freni her, and my constant presence at the farm got to be the talk of the county. There was some scandal about it, I heard — the fools about here would talk scandal of an angel, I think.19 He paused, angrily striking his boots with his riding-whip. '?Well, it came to my father's ears, and he spoke of it to me and warned me that I was damaging Mrs. Dartmouth's reputation and hurting my own prospects. He had plans for me. Our neighbor, Sir Jajnes Dayne, had an only daughter, and the two estates ran side by side. It was the old man's dream to put a ring fence round them. He told me all this. I don3t know what I said, but I remember what* I did. I jumped on horseback and went over to Mrs. Dartmouth and asked her to marry me. She refused, as I have already told you.33 Bream listened, but expressed not surprise. Sir George continued — 'I was like a man dazed for weeks after, and then I had a severe illness — a brain fever It was thought that I should die, but I recovered. My father was very good about it ; he did not reproach me or press me to obey his wishes in any direct way for some time. I suppose he saw the case was desperate and understood that his only chance was to give me time. After a wldle he returned to the subject very delicately. He brought Miss Dayne and me together and encouraged people in a quiet way to lock on our union as eertain. I suppose I gave him some right to do so, for I nev-% men tioned Mrs. Dai imoulh'ri name for mo:iilis or went near her.' ' Wise, perhaps,' interrupted Evea-n. 'Once 1 met her by accident at a ycominry ball, and I am .sure that no stranger w'.yj had seen our meeting would have discovery*-] that there was anything between us but fc'ie most commonplace acquaintance. I seemed numbed, somehow, as 1 felt once when I was pitehad wi jny head out hunting and got up an;l rodi home. My father thought I was cured; I should have thought so, too, if I could have cared for anything or felt any inteiv.se in Jiw. Something like a tacit engagement was Mitered into with the Daynes. 1 was to go abroad and travel a little, and when 1 cam« ha.;k tin en gagement was to bu made public and -.ve weie to be married.' Sir George paused with a gloomy frown, then proceeded — , 'She — the girl, was a good, feeble, insignifi- ! cant little creature, who would have married a laborer off her father's fields if she had been ordered to do it. It was arranged that I should go away for a year. I started, and got as far as Paris, and then — God knows what idea I had in my poor head — I knew it was hopeless, and : whether I was at home or at the North Pole it ; would make no difference, but I came back, I i could notbear to be away from her. My father ' saw that it was no further use to struggle with i me and gave in about Miss Dayne. He died a year later, and I succeeded to the title and the ' estates, and some months later I made a second proposal to Mrs. Dartmouth.33 : ' And then ?' \ ' I learnt then what I had never known be fore, that she loved me. She told me so, I beggtd her to tell me what was the obstacle that kept us apart, but she would not. She extracted a promise from me that I would go away from England for a short time, and th.it come what might she would marry no other man. I went and travelled all over the Con tinent, and through America and Australia. I was away nearly two years, till I could stay away no longer. The absence did me a little good, I shall never cease to love her, but I have , learned patience. I can meet her now as a : friend, without making her unhappy by asking her for what she cannot give me. lam not very unhappy except at moments, and I manage to keep my unhappiness to niyself as a general tiling. I potter about the estate and attend Quarter Sessions and all the rest of it. and I ; daresay some day I shall go into the House and be a tolerable success as a country gentle man.'3 : ' Have you no idea of her reason for refusing to marry you!' ^ ' She gave me none. I can only guess. The likeliest guess 1 can make is that her husband is still alive. A nice brute he must have been to quarrel with an angel like that. By God, Bream, when you know her as I do. She's an angeL She's been the sunlight of this place since she's been here. You'll hear what the poor say about her. They worship her, and no wonder. She's the best friend they ever iiad.' ' Do you see her often T 'No of tener than I can help,' he replied simp'.y. ' I hadn't been there for six weeks when I called to-day.' 'You could hardly have liked my monopolis ing her r.s I did,'said Bream. 'I did not mind it,' tinswcred Sir George. 'I am glad tobe near her, but it is as well, perhaps, that i should not be alone with her. I am not eertain, if I could trust myself to speak of — of things better left unspoken of.' The anodyne which soothes the heart of 0113 who has spoken of his secret trouble to a sympathetic listener had come to him, and he was uiore cheerful, more like his strong and hopeful self, whom Bream had known years ago when they had been boys together. They walked late Tinder the moonlight, talking of many things, old memories and future plans. Sir George was cheerful at breakfast, and saw liis friend mount and start back to the village with jovial invitations to him to come again soon and to stay a longer tune. I As Bream drew near Mrs. Dartmouth's house he saw approaching him the figure of a tall and strongly built man clad in what seemed a peculiar compromise between the ordinary dress of a peasant and that of a sailor. He had on a pair of dilapidated long-shore boots reach ing to mid-thigh and splashed with mud of various hues, as were the corduroy trousers which surmounted them, a blue flannel' shirt with a carelessly-knotted flaming red tie, a ragged tweed jacket, and a broad felt sombrero. He seemed to be under the influence of liquor, for he was rt*e!iug and tacking from side to side of the road, and every now and then paus ing to hold on to a tree branch. Thinking that it was an early hour for the most faithful sub ject La Dive Bouteille to be so nearly prostrate at her shrine, and wondering if one so strangely garbed was merely a passing tramp or one of his parishioners, Bream turned in at Mrs. Dartmouth's gate. The lady was on the lawn in front of the hoxise equipped with gardening gauutlets and a pair of shears and engaged in trimming a rosebush, with Dora hovering about her. She gave him a pleasant greeting and called to a gardener at a little distance to take the mare round to the stable. They were chatting to gether as she continued her work among the flowers, when ft sudden cry of alarm from Dora made them both turn. There in the gateway stood the figure which Bream had seen a few minutes before in the road. In the very mo ment in which Bream again caught sight of him he set both hands to his head, and with a a long groan fell forward on the path, sending the gravel flying in a little shower about his prostrate figure. Bream ran to him. He was lying face down wards in »ji attitude of complete unconscious ness and self-abandonment. Turning hini over as he raised his head the curate saw that he had altogether misread the man's condition. He was not drunk, but clearly very ilL liis face was blanched to the hue of chalk, his lips a dull violet, the half -opened lids showed the glaring and discolored whites of his eyes. The beating of his heart was scarcely sensible to the touch of Bream's hand, and only /'his slow and stertorous breath betrayed that life was in him. ' The man is seriously ill,' he answered to yirz. Dartmouth's rapid questions. ' He has fainted from hunger.' '* Poor wiv-teh !' said Sirs. Dartmouth pityingly. ' Can you not carry him into the halJ ? Tom will help you.' The gardener had returned and lent a pair of strong and willing hands. The. broken 'vay- farer -was earrirfl into the iioiv^s suitl set .1^0:1 a chair, whore hs sat, lax as an unstrung marionette, supported by Bream's ai-;n. ' A bad business I fear,' said the latter. '''Could you let me have a little brandy ?p) ease V' A ring at the hdU produced Barbara, who went in search of the spirits and stooi by while Bream gently insinuated a teaspo-.iafnl into the man's throat. He sighed and a faint tinge of color tiiekered into his ashen cheeks. 'That's better,' said Bream. 'Come, my lad, try another dose.33 . The second teaspoon fid of liquor worked a marked change for the better in the mans aspect and condition. The color m his face deepened, his eyes opened, and after letting them wander for a moment he fixed them on Mrs. Dartmouth. His lips stirred with a broken iivurniv.r and he made a wandering movement with Ilia arm — meant perhaps for a phrase of thanks and a salute, though no word was distinguishable, and his arm fell heavily by his sice again. 'Is there any workhouse or asylum that would take the poor fellow in ':'' asked Bream. 'None nearer than Stortford,99 answered Mrs. Dartmouth, 'and that is twelve miles away. Is he very ill ':' 'Too ill to stand such p. joiirney,3' said Bream. 'He is almost exhausted. What is to be done ':' 'We must give him shelter here, I suppose. It would be inhuman to turn him out upon the read again.33 ' Eh, misses,' said Barbara, ': but he is suoh a rough lookin' chap.' 'It may be a long business,' said Bream, 'he has evidently only partially recovered from a severe illness, possibly an infectious disorder.39 'There is a loft over the stable,' said Mi-s. Dartmouth, where the groom used to live before his cottage was finished. He would ba quite safe there. ' 'Lord save us, misses,' again interposed Barbara, 'we shall ail be murdered in ouc beds.' 'Not by this fellow,' said Bream, 'fora time at any rate. He hasn't the strength to murder a fly. Whatever is to be done should be done quickly.' ' We cannot turn him out,' said Mrs. Dart mouth again, ** that would be too shaoief ul. Will you help Tom to carry him to tba loft, Mr. Bream, and please to tell me what food he should have.' 'Soup — not too strong. A spoonful every half-hour. Now, Tom, my man, take his legs. So ! You had better come with us, Miss Barbara to see that the room is in order.' Barbara followed, a mute protest expressed in her face, and Bream and tiie gardener bora their patient to the loft. It was not until they had got him there' that Bream noticed a ragged and dirty scrap cf paper clenched in the man's hand. It seemed as if, evea in his mental prostration and physical exhaustion, he blindly attached some value to it, for he feebly resented the curate's effort to take it from his fingers. On it was written, in thin rusty ink, in straggling formless characters, these words : — ' Barbara Leigh, ' Crouchford Court, Crouchford, Essex.' He read the words aloud and was elec trified by a sudden scream from the woman at his side. 'Lord sakes, it's Jake !'3 ' Jake,3' said Bream, ' you know him?' 'Know him! He's my own very brother in-law— Jake Owen, as married my sister ten years ago and took her to Ameriky ! Chapter VIII. — Jake Owes. '.Jake!' said Barbara, kneeling beside the bed. 'Eh, Jake lad, to think as I'd ha' turned thee out on to the road again, like «, sauviu' dog ! Lord forgive me for rny wicked j--iii. Jake, don't oe know me? I be Jess's sister — Jess, as you married, Jake.' : The. repetition of the name stiir:-d the traveller. His- eyes, which had b-en tix-jri upon the ceiling with a meaningless and gTaf^y stare, grew brighter, the rigid linei ot his face softened. 'Jake,' said Barbara again, 'won't ee speak to me, lad':' T3:e migeis which had held the iw,r-er fumblod feebly on the counterpane, :is if .seek ing for it. Jake turned his head and sa-.v Barbara kneeling beside him. ' Who be youi' he asked. ' Where a:n I';'' ' I'm Barbara Ltigh,''3 s-he said, letting his ; second question pass unanswered. j 'Barbara Leigh,' he repeated, 'let's see ' thy face. -Aye, Barbara Leigh. Jess's sister.' ; 'Yes, yes, Jess's sister. What brings ee hero 5' . I 'I've come.' said Jake slowly and with j difficulty, ' to see ye and bring ye a message. ] How did I come here '! Yv'here did ye find me ? ! All ! I remember, I was at the gate when my I headlwent round and I seemed death struck, i and then— what place is this?' .; i 'Crouchford Court,' answered Barbara, j *; I'm servant here. Ye had the name wrote ? on this paper.' I 'All!' said Jake, recognising it, 'I wrote I it myself two days agone, when I left London, after I'd first felt the deadness coming over me, so as folks might know as I had friends and belonged somewhere. Who'e this^'lhe asked, with a gesture of the head towards Mr. Eream, who stood quietly attentive at the bed side. 'It's Sir. Bream, Jake, the curate of the parish, as found ye at the gate and brought) you here.' 'Service t'ye, sir,' said Jake, 'though Id rather see ye in a coat of another color.' ''Aye?' said Bream, 'and why so, my good fellow ?' ' Why,' answered the wayfarer, 'they say where black coats gather they be like ravens and scent death. But I won't die yet, no — by God— not till I've done my work.' ' You'll live to do plenty of work yet, my friend, if you'll take care and not excite your self.' ' Bless you, sir, for them words !' said Bar bara. ' You've had a long tramp?' said Bream. 'Aye, all the way from London. Three nights and days on the road. I'm sore spent, but there's life in me yet.' 'There is indeed,' said Bream, looking at him with interest. There was a galvanic vitality in the man. Five minutes ago lie had seemed almost on the jwiiiit of death, now his voice though weak was llr:n and his pale face was full of a restless energy. 'You'll come through all right, but you must be quiet and not excite yourself. You've had brain fever.' ' Ay I' said Jake. 'That's what they call it aboard ship. But I want to talk to Barbey, iisxl begging your pardon ? ' 'You want me to go? Well, so I will in a minute. Lot me feel your pulse. Are you hungry V i was a while ago. ' Some soup v. iLl be here in a little while. See tliat lie eats moderately, Barbara. He is not so ill as I supposed, but he must be care ful. I'll look in again towards evening. Keep your heart up, my fine fellow, and you'll soon j be on your legs again.' ! 'Thankee, sir,' said Jakes, 'for what you've done, and my sarvice to Barbey's missis.'' 'Tell me,' said Barbara, when the door had closed behind Mr. Bream, ' tell me about Jess. Where is she ? Is .she come back to England wi' you.' j 'Nay,' said Jake, 'she'll coaie back to England no more, my lass.' i 'Jake!' said Barbara, 'can't os speak plain ? What is it as ye're trying to hide frosn me ?' ' She's d-jad,' said Jake. ' Dead !' said Barbara. i 'Ay,' said Jake, staring at the ceiling. 'She's dead and buried. She died in my arms.' 'I can't believe it,' said Barbara; 'eh, Jake, ye're lying, 1 doubt, for sport. Say as ye are F ' It's the God's truth/9 said the man. ' She died i' my arms out yonder. Look me i9 the face, Barbc-y, did you have no word from her ? — no news o' what happened ere she died?'3 ' Xot a word,' said Barbara. ' Not a word have I had from her for twelve months and more. The last letter I got said as she was well and happy and that you was good to her !' ' Better to her, may be, than she deserved,' said Jake. 'What d'ye mean?' said Barbara. 'I'd claw the face of any other man as said a word apjen my sister. Speak out, straight and opea like a man ! ' | ' She left me/9 said Jake. i ' Left ye, how left ye i' i ' She went off with another man.' ' No, no ! ' cried Barbara, covering her face with her hands, as if to shut out some horrible vision. ''Aye,' said Jake, 'that was the end of it. That was what came of nine years of happy married life. Good to her ! She might well say that, Barbey, and more to the back of it. Good to her ! I loved the ground she trod on — the thing she touched. I'd ha' put my hand in the fire to save her from the finger-ache. And she loved me, too— till he came.' 'He?3 repeated Barbara. 'Ay, the man she bolted with.' He lay looking at the ceiling with the same unwinking stare, and then said, softly, but with an inde sr-ribable intonation of hate and loathing, ' Damn him !3' Barbara sat silent for a time, rocking her body quietly to and fro, till suddenly she broke into loud weeping. 'Ay, lass,' said Jake, with the same evil sounding quiet in his voice, ' I've done that, too, but it didn't fetch her back.' Barbara wept unrestrainedly for some minutrs. 'Tell me,' fchesaid at last, 'how it came about.13 ' It was in California, in a place called Jackson's Gulch. I was mining there and doing well, for the place was rich. I'd been doing well jiretty much all along after I married Jess, for when a man loves a gal as I lo\ed htr it 3 Ait the Ktarch into iiis back. I'd done a lot of things and tried a lot of trades and places, far iiic-re might ha' b-jen gipsy Weed in her veins she was that fond of change. We had no children, thank God. Though per liajjs,' he added after a pause, 'if we had had it might ha' kept her straight. 'Well, we got to Jackson's Gulch, and it was there we met ]\lordaunt. That was the name he gave himself, though most likely it wasn't his own. Ke was a gentleman born and bred and a scholar, and I took it as good deal cf honor as ?ie should ha' took to me directly a'most as be saw me. Jess liked iii:vi, I could see and I was glad to see her make a friend, for the place was full of rough people as she didn't care to mix with. I was away at work all day long, and I iliouglit no harm even when 1 knew as he was always v.-ith her. I'd have trusted her across the world after the nine ye.ais we'd lived together and him with her, for I believed he was my friend; and was proud to be iii liis company. He never did any work ace always seemed to have plenty of money, somehow. Everybody lilted him and gave way to him,- he was a sort of king among them rough -chaps, and every woman in the camp was after him. There was noth ing as he couldn't do. He co-old talk to the Frenchmen and the Germans in their own lingo, and he could play the iiddie better than any other chap in the place, and he could draw people's pictures -so as they seemed to speak to you uiit of the paper a'most. He did a picture 01 Jess, as used to hang in the cabin at the Gulch. I burned ifc after — after that happened, for I couldn't stand seeing the eyes follow me about. I found out afterwards as theru'd been a lot of talk in the camp about her and Mordaunt being so much together, but nobody said anything to me at the time. P'raps that \vas tacky for 'em, for I -was so mad afcout the wench and ^so took up with Mordaunt that as likely as not I should have stuck a knife into 'em for their pains. Well, the end came at last. I went home one night, and the cabin was empty. I waited till 1 o'clock in the morning, and then I went to the bar, beginning' to be afeared as something might have happened, aucl I thought I might get news of her there. Nobody had seen her. Then I asked where Mordaunt was, and the mah as kejjt the bar said he'd borrowed a horse from him and icde out that morning and hp.dn't corns back yet I went back to the cabin and waited all night. No news came, and no news all next day. I was well nigh mad with fright, and I went to the chief of the vigilance committee and asked him to give me a search jtarty to look for her. * It's no use, my lad,' he said, ' they've got sixand thirty hours' start of us, and God knows where they are by iiuw.3 'They? i said. 'What d'ye mean ?' And he told me she'd been seen with Mordaunt 30 miles away at -- o'clock the day before.3 He paused in his story, panting a little with the exei tion of so ir.-y.-h speech. Barbara sat waiting with clasped hands aud tear-stained cheeks for him to continue. Outside the pleasant homely sounds cf farm life came float ing up to the window of the room on the still June air, the clamping of the horses in the stalls below, the cluck of poultry, the rattle of the big mastiffs chain as he snapped at the fii?s, the cail of a waggoner to liis horses fifty yards away on the high road, the distant clatter of a sheep bell, the drowsy music of the trees. 1'iefcently Jake's voice rose again, monotonous and hollow, like a ghost's. 'I was that mazed I couldn't think for an hour or two. Then I went to the claim where nay partner was working. I didn't need to tell him what had happened. He knew already, and he .saw it in my f uce as I knew too. I asked him to buy my share and he look it, and paid for it more than it was worth I remembered afterwards, though I didn't notice at the time. He offered to coaie along with me, but I said I didn't t. aiit him. It was my work and I meant to go through v.-ith it alone. 1 meant to find 'em and to kill 'cm both, end what was to happen afttrv.aids 1 didn't know and 1 didn't care. I hunted 'cm for a long time, nearly all across Aineric;!. gettiiig word of 'em here and there, but never coming up with them, till at List 1 got to New York. They had been there to gether, and Mordaunt had sailed to England a dsy or two before alone. 1 went all over the city looking for Jess, and at last I found her. She v.iis in the hospital, for she'd b..en fever struck, and he'd took advantage of it to run away ar,d leave her to die, or to starve, or to go upon the streets. I'd meant to kill !-????. even vht-n 1 heard she was in the hospital ; 1 went tin re with murder in lijy heart, and my kui:e was ojji-n in my pocket when the doctor tojk IK to h«-r bed. But oh, la-ss when 1 saiv her jcor white face, with the mark of death 0:1 it, plain for a child to read, mv heart bro!:e ar.d 1 fell crying by the bedside. ' For I loved her in spite of all.' s~ ' --''fl Barbara too!; liis hand and kissed it, and wvpt upon it in a helpless passion of pity. ' She died,' Jake continued. 'Thank God, she died in my arms and knew as I'd forgiven her. I was raving mad for days after and knew nothing as happened. When my brain cleared I was standing by her grave, and there, with the rain_ beating down on me like my own heart's blood, I swore to find the man as had done it all— as had killed her pnd ruined mv life.' 'And did you find him?' asked Barbara, involuntarily shrinking from the bed, though she still clung to Jake's hand. 'No,' said Jake, 'or I wouldn't be raving here like an old hen- wife as has lost halfa dozen chickens. If I'd found him I'd be quiet, lying in the grave with Jess. That's what's brought me here. That's what's kept me aliv j through the fever, and the trouble, and the hunger. It's fed my mouth like bread, the thought of meeting him face to face. It's all I I ask of God Almighty, just to let me stand be fore that man for one minute.'9 The simple peasant woman had never seen : passion like to this. It frightened her to I silence. Then she began to stammer religious commonplaces about the wickedness of revenge. Jake lay staring at the ceiling and made no answer ; it was doubtful if he heard her. ' I'm tired, lass,' he said quietly, a minute after her voice had ceased ; 'leave me to my self — I'll sleep a while.' Chapter IX.— Mr. Ezra Stokes. Mr. Ezra Stokes, the landlord of the Pig and Whistle, one of the two houses of public entertainment in the village of Crouchford, was a new comer in these parts. Crouchford was slow to accept new people, and Stokes had been a member of its community only for the last two years. He was a dry and withered man of late middle age, whose skin had been burned to an equal blackish brown by stronger suns than 1 that which shone in Essex. He was gnarled and warped and knotted all over like a wind blown tree— with a halting leg, a wry neck, a humped shoulder, a peculiarly ghastly squint, ! a crooked mouth, furnished with huge dis- ? colored teeth, no two of which stood at the | same angle, and a twisted nose with three dis- j tinct bridges. j His antecedents were dark ; except that he 1 had been a traveller, and had as, despite the : time-honored proverb to the contrary, rolling ; ston?« sometimes do, gathered some financial ; i::o-; !;i !i'V wanderings, nothing was known of tiiii; by hi:-: neighbors. He had dropped down ? into the little place from — Heaven knows where, and had taken the lease of the Pig and Whi.stie, paying solid cash for the privilege, : and lived renutably in the village, owing no man anything. ; There was a certain likeness between his home and himself — both had been newer and smarter once upon a time, but the battering which makes a man ugly makes a house picturesque, and such stray connoiseurs of the beautiful as came to Crouchford found the Pig and Whistle a prettier spectacle than its land lord. It was a tumble-down, weather-stained roadside house of two stories with bulging walls shored up by heavy baulks of timber. Its low, browed door was covered with a heavy lintel of oak beams and furnished with two settles,' where on fine nights Mr. Stokes might be seen reading the newspaper or drinking affably with his rustic customers. The latter voted him 'mazin' good company, for he could when he chose talk of moving adventures by flood and field, in places whose names sounded strange and barbaric in rustic ears, and had besides a sly, hard humor which sometimes took a practical form. Mr. Bream, rapidly covering all the ground —social and geographical — of Crouchford with his usual energy, knew every soul in the parish in a week, and among them the landlord of the Pig and Whistle. Their acquaintance made quick progress. There was not many people of sufficient native shrewdness or' acquired experience in Crouchford greatly to interest a man of culture, except with the interest grown coinmonplace to Sir. Bream, of individual traits of character, or of such special worries and troubles, bodily and spiritual, as it was his duty to attend to. A man who had travelled and would talk ; more or less intelligently of what he had seen , was an acquaintance to be cultivated in a vil lage of whose inhabitants not 1 per cent, had ever wandered 20 miles from the church spire. Then the Pig and Whistle was the sitting place of the local parliament, where the ancients and young men of the place came together to un bend in social dissipation after the labors of the day, and he who would know men should meet them at such moments'. Crouchford caine to think well of its new curate. In the first week of his sojourn amongst them the annual cricket match with the neigh boring village of Hilton had been played, and for the first time in five years had resulted in a victory for Crouchford mainly through his batting and bowling. That alone would have conquered the affections of the villagers, but when, after the match, Mr. Bream stood the two elevens a supper at the Pig and Whistle, and after due justice had been done to beef and ale, sang ' Tom Bowling' from liis place at the head of the table, Crouehford, old and young, male and female, swore by him. This access of popularity rather disturbed the mind of Mr. Herbert, who belonged to an altogether different type of clergymen, and whose aristocratic instincts were not so tempered by his Christianity as to permit him. so large a familiarity with the humbler mem beis of his. flock. A wt-ok or two after Bream's arrival his vicar was shocked to see his curate at the door of Stoke's hostelry, holding forth to the assembled yokels, with a glass of beer in his hand, and obviously, to judge by the broad grins of his audience, not on a doctrinal subject. When, the two clerics next came together the senior took the curate to task about this undue familiarity. 'Understand me, Bream,' he said, ''I would not willingly be taken for one of tho^e— ah— false shepherds, who think that the delivery of a weekly sermon and th-5 discharge ui bare parochial work completes a pastor's work. By no means. I have endeavored during my .vhole time, here to— ah— to institute a friendly feeling between myself and every member of the chuivh eoi'gregation. But there are — ah — limits, Bre.Hii.' ' So you think I have over-stepped the limits, sir ?' ' Distinctly !' said Mr. Herbert with em phasis. 'To preserve authority among the — ah — vulgar, a gentleman, and above all, a priest, should keep a certain aloofness — a cer tain dignity. How can that dignity be pre served by a clergyman who drinks — ah— beer?'9 — Mr. Herbert got out the vulgar monosyllable with something of an effort — ' with a crowd of rustics before a common alehouse?' ' Stokes's beer is really very good, sir,' said Bream gravely. It never entered into Mr. Herbert's head that anybody, especially his curate, could dai-3 to cliaff him, and he put aside the irrelevant re mark with a wave of his hand. 'Let me ask you Mr. Herbert,' said Bream, 'if you ever happened to overhear these fellows talking when they were unaware of your presence ':'' 'Veiy possibly. I — ah — don't exactly re member any particular occasion, but it has probably occurred.' ' It has occurred once or twice to me since I have been here,' said Bream, 'and I have noticed that on such occasions their whole con versation is one tissue of dirt aad profanity. Well, sir, when I am with them I have seldom heard a word which might not be used from the pulpit. Last night just after you had passed one man, Ned Roberts, from the Pear Tree l^arm, began to swear. I told him he had no right to use that language in my presence, but —he was drunk — he went on swearing, and Stokes turned him out and sent him home. Now surely, sir, if my presence among them obliges them 1:o talk and think decently for an hour or so a day that is so much gained, and the fact that it does so is surely proof enough that my familiarity with them has not bred contempt either of me or of my office. ' 'There's something in what you say, Bream,' said Mr. Herbert 'Still,' lie con tinued, returning to his original position, ' there are limits. Don't overstep thoin. As for that fellow Stokes, I don't like him. During the four years he has lived here I13 has not once entered the church door. He has given me more trouble about — ah — tithes than any three people in the place. I don't think he led a reputable life before he came here.' ' He is a fairly intelligent man, sir, a:id he has a good deal of influence among the laborers. As to what his life has been it is hard to say. He has travelled a good deal, though in what capacity I don't know. He is willing enough to talk of what lie has seen, but he never talks about himself.' ' I should say,' said jfr. Herbert, 'that he probably has good reason for his reticence,' an uncharitable remark which Bream attributed to the tithes dispute. (To he continual. ) 