EvicUus a Uliost. AltnoBt every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement ot Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number ol English officers and their families live during the warmer months-, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchamp's houso was haunted was oiroalated by a servant. He waB awakened ono night by a most extra ordinary noiee. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall ot tbe house— not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that tbe place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of ohildren in tho family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an. orifice in the top, and seat ing himself near it began to play a quaint nir upon a llute. After industriously playing for n few moments up through tbo hole in the baskot came tbe head of tbo cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches abovo the basket it began to wave to and fro aa if in obedience to the measure of tho musia. After the snake danoo — or tho snake ' obarming,' as Rarorieansarc wont to call it — tho Indian snako-charmer walked around tbo house, and among tho baebos pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said ho would take out n cobra which ho thought was in tho hole. Seating himeoU before tbe hole the magician uetjuu ma ujuuiuiui fjiuiut. For fifteen minutes he kept up tho noiae, and thon from the opening there appeared ?KTETTgJjvJiooded head of a cobra. Another hole waB'BUSTi found, this being directly at the base of tho wall of tho houee. Tho man examined it a fewMnoraents carefully, then began to play upon ttitf*flute. Hardly bad tbo group^gatbered about the performer before a most remarkable noiee came from the houso. First, there waB a sound KB of escaping steam ; then a Bound ol some great body striking the wall nod rub bing against tho timbers. '- Dust in olouds oame from thebole, and tile. ' cbarmor ' started back in terror,voverturn ing tbe man behind him. Recovering him self, he darted at the holo and/thrusting bis arm in, drew out, not a oobra, but the tail ol a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on tbe native's face and horror on those ot many ot tho spectators, as he Btood holding the tip ol the tail, and five feat ot tbe body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining bin courage bo shouted in Hinduatancetor tbe lookerB-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, be pulled gradually backward. Out it come, foot by toot, inoh by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet — eighteen, wr.is lliete no end? — eighteen feet uf quivering ennke-flerh ns large qh a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the entire nioiirler Wan clsur — nl leant twenty feet in l(ini;th — big nough to swallow a deer and yet held by a ainplo rnnn. Tho native wa*, however, cot in the leust dis couraged, lie clung to the tail and nu the hugo teplilo turned toward him with un angry hiss he gnvo it a KwiniMr.*,' motion by turning slowly. Gradually hi iiioreartd hie speed, turning fatter and fatter, until be seemed tho centre of a wheel, the spokes of which were tbe body of the python, So rapid was the motion that the snaki-V body was perfectly straight, and it wax evident that as long us the motion oould be kept up the man wan cafe, but it the monster could I rcaoh him be would in a moment be oruBlicd in tbe horrible folds of tbe reptile. It soon booame apparent that the oharmer knew what he was about. Not far from the houso stood a stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, ot solid teakwood, and toward this be waB gradually moving, whirling tbo snake faster and faster. When bo was within twenty-five leet ol it, it dawned upon the low spectators what he was about to do. Thin was to strike tbe head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he eome, whirling faster and faster, until tbe reptile stood out like n whip-laeb, and then, with a quick step for ward, he brought the bead of ihe animnl against the wood with a crushing sound, lift released his bold, and tha Rreat rnptilo doubled up in convulsive foldB, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dufll into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the ' ghost.' 