SACERDOTALISM AT NEW BRIGHTON. The correspondence which has recently, taken place between the Bishop of Chester and/the representatives of the congrega tion attending Emmanuel Mission Cburcti at New Brighton, afford a fresh instance 01 tbe persistent unwillmgness manifested by High Church Bishops to sympathize with laymen in their desire for a simple spiritual service, and of the determination to uphold their clergy in the assertion of their right to conduct the public worship of the jiarish church, and its dependencies, according to their own taste and pleasure. | It matters little what the merits of the points in dispute may be. So far as our observation goes, a Bishop rarely fails to shelter the priest, however unlawful his practices may he, and to snub the lay fblkj though, their request may he most reasonable. We note, however, that Dr. Jayne's rebukes are courteously worded. In the present instance, the memorialists, represented by Mr. Doak and others, sought, through an appeal to the Bishop of Chester, to retain, at Emmanual Mission Church, the simple form of service which has been conducted there for many years, and which they describe as " hearty, congregational, and devout." The changes of which they complain will appear trifles to some who are more inti mately acquainted with the Romanizing ritual how prevalent in too many churches ; but the people of New Brighton know well that momentous issues may be in volved is slight departures from scriptural simplicity : Obsta principiis is their motto, and a good motto it is ; but, we fear, Bishpp Jayne is an admirer of the thin end of the wedge, and would gladly see it driven home with such force as to split off air Puritanical deformities from the Obiirch. J:: rV. . Bptli parties uhdersta significahee ' and/ th'e;'<inBighific ceremonial pra Sixty or spVenfy (years njightl/haye , Probably;" driven the memorialistB from the Church of their fathers into the ranks of the Nonconfor- mists/ which, to the episcopal mind, might seem; "a. good riddance," though the Church ,;wbuld have been all the poorer for the transfer. , Now, however, the, memorialists and the .Bishop alike have learnt, /or ought to have learnt, what these thihgB mean. Ordinary men have no difficulty , to understand that (1) the monptbhihg of the service, by the choir; , is theffirst Btep'tb that unintelligible' and irrevereht gabble which intense disgusts . those/who'' desirA/.to'wbrship God, "in spirip/ahd ' ihtru /Thi's rhohotohe, in the Bishop to b6://a'Bejrvjce/ci; by simplicity of th''mBV; 'genuine ahd'ecclesiastically consisten'tl'inu o'pinion, " Mr5''Stew experiehhe as precentor . of CueSfei'/'Cathedra the 'Diodesah/' 'Qhoral ' ii,8'sbciation, makes him p'efculiaMy deal witb," the services of a parish church, and still more of a mission church. "When men are truly anxious about their souls, they do not desire a musical performance, but a faithful exposition of the simple Gospel. (2) The turning to the East at the reci tal of the Creed, may be, as Bishop Jayne states, a " common, time- honoured, and, at the worst, very innocent custom," in churches where neither the clergy nor the congregation mean by it any more than is meant by any other common cus tom — say, standing to sing, or, the re moval of the hat on entering a place of worship ; but the memorialists know, and the Bishop of Chester ought to know, that when this custom is introduced as an inuo- vation, it teaches people to believe that there is something at the East end of the church demanding special reverence. (3) The "alleged" pronouncing the blessing by a clergyman, kneeling, with his back to the congregation, who, seeing he was a deacon, was "not authorized" to bless the people, "and said ' The grace of our Lord' instead," means, as intelligent Churchmen will generally confess, that the clergyman would not turn his back on " the altar." Yet he turned his back on the people of the Lord, whose JotZj'es are "the temple of the Holy Ghost," without any hesitation ! (4) Taking what is known as the " EaBtw<ard Posi tion " at the Holy Communion is avowedly the position of a sacrificing priest. Dr. Jayne cannot bo ignorant of the fact that the Ritualists adopt that position because it is significant ofthe doctrine they desire to symbolize. His Lordship's silence respecting this com plaint clearly shows that he could not dispute its force; yet he did not dare to say that he approved the doctrine which he knows to.be implied thereby. (5) A ,fear that the Evening Communion is about to be withdrawn, "This," say the mem orialists, "has ever been one of the chief and , by far the most largely attended of the various Communion services." The Vicar, Rev. C. Hylton Stewart, thinks he made a great mistake in ever conceding it, and is supported by the Bishop in the opinion " that he may have considerable: difficulty in finding an assistant curate for . . Emmanuel, who will be willing, to . uhdei- ! take the responsibility -'of ' celebrating,, the Holy ; Communion,'' at the . period ; at which it was .instituted , by the, Lord Jesus, " in dppqsitiop to the clea,r comhihed voices of ecclesiastical ; a,u-," \ thority Bishop Jayne dictinctly states-, that he .dbes not regret this, though he repudiates " the tone and the substance of some of the arguments against Even ing Communions advanced by some of those with whose general conclusions'/;, he i agrees. He is also good enough, to , tell us that "the voices of ecclesiastical authority " which, as we understand his, i Lordship, are, or ought to be, regarded by , Chrisrinn people as over-ruling and sett- , ing aside the example of .this. Divine. Founder of the Faith, are, in addition to his own, those of Bishops Jacbbsoh; an J Stubhs. The idea that it is./layir'ful/ to ; follow -the example of Christ is /called. " an lin- warranted act of, private, judg-; ment/.' and is classed amongst /the, ;'.idio-' syncrasies /' of the memorialists. To/, us this seems painfully like a denial of the authority of the Lord Jesus as Head-of, , the Church. We hope the Bishop /of Chester may feel it to be "within /his - rigiitand his responsibility " to explain., bow it comes to pass that the opiniohs of - the servants are to -be preferred -to the practice of the Master; and if he. be lieve that inspired men in primitive-times were the first exponents of tho: will 'of God in "the. clear and combined voices of ecclesiastical authority," we trust that, he will favour the Church with a- com- 1 plete reference to the chapter and. verse, upon .which he relies to establish'sthat/ - position. Our strong conviction is that, . in the earliest and purest days, the dis:,. tinction between the Presbyter/ and the Episcopus was very slight,, that -the voice, of the Church included the voices of the brethren as well as those of the elders and ofthe bishops, and that no voice , of the Church possesses any authority what ever, when it is inconsistent with- the teaching or practice of our Lord, Jesus Christ. It will be .observed that. Bishop Jayne expresses, in word a sympathy -with the memoralists, though he decides in fact ih: favour of the Vicar- The whole tone of his; Lordship's letters is autocratic, court-, eously unfair and .unfriendiy to thejay people, and manifests' a. stern ,determiqa-| tion to support the Vicar, in the ,'epfpi;r.'i ment of " his right, and his/respohsibiliby." It is the old story : the. Bishop,' sides/ with/ the " priest; '' against the lay foik/ /\e'dp"; , uot dn/'tiie (least ../question ; Mb/, , Hyl'tpm , Stewart's' right to,' exercise ,,t.he/ res jiqri../ / ' sibility pf (altering the services .a. t/Eih ma.n'-, jxel 'Churcli as he pleases '/\viti,an/(; the limits allowed by law ; but seeing that h® "had expressed his willingness to abid® entirely by the Bishop's decisiou," 'the responsibility which devolved upon his Lordship involved a decision; whether the practices of which complaint was made were expedient — not whether they were lawful. The direction to " resort to the Bishop of the diocese," under which the memoralists approached Dr. Jayne, leaves him free to " take order for the quieting and appeasing of" diversity in any manner which commends itself to "his discretion," provided it be " not con trary to anything contained " in the Prayer-book. The Bishop would have been within " his right," and would have, acted wisely, had he advised the Vicar to concede everything for which the memorialists asked, which was not con trary to the order of the Prayer- book. In the present case we suspect the laymen were in closer harmony with the ' letter and the spirit of that book, than either the Bishop or the Vicar. Even in his guarded denunciation of Evening Communiou his Lordship makes no reference to the rubrics,-— for a very good reason — because that practice is "not contrary to anything contained " in that book. What right has he, then, to refer to "the clear and combined voices of ecclesiastical authority" the voices of Bishops Jacobson, Stubbs, and Jayne,. when they attempt to limit the freedom allowed by the law of the laud and, oft/the Church ? , We hear sadly too m;uch of; this ;exaltati6h,ipjF,the ."ipriest ''. audv do-/, haseme'nk of the.', layman; yet it /is ./.the; latter ;who, constitute, "the, flock of Christ ; to which the clergy minister, and. who are entitled to be fed by their pastors, not with the husks of " Church principle and order," hut with food con venient tor them— with " the doctrine .and sacraments and the discipline of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded, and as this Church and Realm bath received tbe same." — JEnglisli Churcltman. , 