THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Author of ' Treasure Island,' 'Kidnapped,' ' The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hy4e,' &c; FART I.— THE MARQUESAS, OHAPME IX —A POBTBAIT AND A StOBT. I have had occasion several times to name the late bishop. Father Dordillon, 'Mou- seigneui,' aB he is still almost universally called. Vicar Apostolic of the Marquesas and Biehop of Oambysopolis in partihus. Every where in tbe islands, among all classes and races, this fine old kindly cheerful fellow is remembered with affection and respect. His itfloeuce with the natives was paramount. They reckon him the highest of men— higher than an admiral ; brought him Jieir money to keep ; took hia advice upon their purohaaes ; nor would they plant trees upon their own land till they had the approval ot the father of the iBhuidBc. During the time of the French exodus he singly represented Europe, living in ..the residency and ruling by the hand of Temonana. The first roads were made under bis acepiees and by his persuasion. The old road between Hatiheu and Anaho was got under way from either side on the ground that it would be pleaspnt for an evening promenade, and brought to completion by working on the riv»lry of tbe two villages. The priest would boast is Hatiheu ot the progress made in Anaho, and he would tell the folk of Anaho, ' If yon don't take oare your neighbors will tie over tbe bill before you are at the top.' it could not be so done today; itoould then; death, opium, and depopulation had not gone 10 far ; and the people of H*tiheq, I w.as told, still vied with eaoh other to fiae attire, and used to go out by families, in the cool of the evening, boat sailing and rating ia the bay. There seems some truth at least in the common view that this joint re gn ot Temooana aud the bishop was the last and biief golden age ot the Marquesas, But the civil power returned, the mission waB packed out of the residency at 24 hours' notice, new methods Bupervened, and the golden age (whatever it quite was) deter mined. It is the strongest proof of Father Dordillon's prestige that it survived, seemingly without loss, this haBty deposition. His method with the natives was extremely mild. Among these barbarous children he stil played the part of the smiling father ; and he was careful to observe, in all indifferent matters, the Marquesan etiquette. Thus, ia ths singular system of artificial kinship, the bishop bad been adopted by Vaekehu as a grandson ; Miss Fisher, of Htttiheu, as a daughter. From that day Monseigneur never addressed the youpg lady except as his mother, and oloaed his letters with the formalities of a dutiful son. With Europeans he oould be strict, even to the extent of barebness. He made no distinction egaifist heretics, with whom he was on friendly terms; but tbe roles of his own church he would see observed; and onoe atleaathehad a white man clapped in gaol tor the desecration of a taint's day. But even this rigor, so in tolerable |o laymen, so irritating to Protestants, scold not shake his popsjarity. We shall best conceive him by examples nearer home. We may all have known some divine of the old school in Scotland, a literal jSabbatoruui, a fticfcler f«thelettee of the lmr. wht t?**yet in private modest, innocent, genial and mirth ful. Much such a man, it seems was Father Dordillon. And his popularity bore a test yet stronger. He bad the name, and probably de \- served it, of a shrewd man in business and one that made the mission pay. Nothing bo much stirs op resentment as the inmixtore in com merce of religions bodies; but even rival traders spoke well of Monseigneur. Hib character ib best portrayed in tbe story of tbe days of bis deoline. A time came when, from the failure of sight, he must desist from bis literary labors ; his Marqueean hymns, grammars, and dictionaries ; hiB scientific papers, liveB of saintB, and devotional poetry. He cast about for a new interest : pitohed on gardening and was to be seen all day, with spade and waterpot. in his childlike eagerness actually running between the borders. Another etep of decay and be must leave bis garden also. Instactly a new occupation was devised, and be sat in the mission cutting paper flowera and wreaths. His diocese was not great enough for his activity; the churches of the Marquesas were papered with his handiwork, and still he must be making more. 'Ah,' said be, smiling, 'when I am dead what a fine time you will have clearing out my trash ! ' Be had been dead about six months; but I waB pleased to see some of bis trophies still exposed, and looked upon them with a unile ; the tribute (if I bave read his cheerful character aright) whioh be would have preferred to any useless tears. Disease continued pro greBsively to disable him ; he who had clam beted eo stalwartly over the rude rocks of the Marquesas, bringing peace to wartaring claas, wasior some time oarried in a chair between tbe miEBion and the church, and at last con fined to bed, impotent with dropsy, and tor mented with bed Bores and sciatica. Here he lay two monthB without complaint; and on the 11th January, 1S87. in the 79th year of his. life and the 34th of his labors in the Marquesas, passed away. Those who have a taate for hearing missions, Protestant or Catholic, decried, must seek their pleasure elsewhere than in my pages. Whether Oatholio or Protestant, with all their gross blots, with all their defioienoy of candor, of humor and ot common sense, the missionaries are the best and tbe most useful whites in the Pacific This is a subject that will follow us through, out ; but there is one part of it that may conve niently be treated here. The married and the celibate missionary eaoh baa his particular advantage and defect. The married missionary, taking him at the best, may offer to the native what he is muoh in want of, a higher picture of domestic life ; but the woman at his elbow tends to keep him in touch witb Europe and out of touch withPolynesia, and to perpetuate, ande ven to ingrain, parochialdeoenoies, far best forgotten, The mind of the -female missionary tends, for instance, to be continually busied about dress. She can be taught with extreme difficulty to think any costume decent but that to whioh Bhe giew accustomed on Olapham Common j and to gratify this prejudice the native is put to useless expense, his mind is tainted with the morbidities of Europe, and his health is set in danger. The celibate missionary, on the other hand, and whether at best or worst, falls readily into native wayB of life, to wbioh he adds too commonly what is either a mark of oelibatemen at large, or an inheritance from mediasval saints —I mean slovenly habits and an unolean person. These are, ot course, degrees in this, and the sister (of course, and all honor to her) jb aB fresh as a lady at a ball. For the diet there is nothing to be Baid— it most amaze and shook the Poly nesian— but for the adoptian of native habits, there is much. Chaque pays a ses eoviumes, eaid Stanjelao; these it is the missionary's delicate task to modify ; and the more he oan do so from within, and from a native stand point, the better he will do his work ; and here I think the Catholics have sometimes the' ad- vantage; in the Vieariate of Dordillon I am sure they bad it. I have heard the bishop blamed for his induhrence to the natives, and above all because be did not rage with sufficient energy against cannibalism. It was a part ot his policy to live among the natives like an elder brother; to follow where he conld; to lead where it waB neoessary; never to drive ; and to encourage the growth ot new habits instead of violently rooting up the old« And it might be better in the long run if this polioy were always followed, It might be supposed that native missionaries wonld prove more indulgent, bnt the reverse is foncd to be tbe case, The new broom sweeps clean ; and the white missionary of to-day is often embarrassed by the bigotry of his native coadjutor. What else should we expebt? On spme islands, soroery* polygamy, human sacri fice, and tobacco smoking have been prohibited, the dresB of the native has been modified, and himself warned in strong terms against rival sects of Christianity— all by the same map, at tbe sanae period ot time, and with the like authority. By what criterion is the convert to distinguish the essential from the unessen tial? He swallows the nostrum whole; there has been no play of mind, no inateuotion, and, exoept for some brute utility in the prohibitions, no advance. To call things by their proper names* this ia teaching super stition. It is unfortunate to use the word ; so few people have read history, and so many have dipped into little atheistic manuals that tbe majority will rush to a conclusion, end sup pose the labor lost. And far from that—these semi- spontaneous superstitions, varying with the sect of the original evangelist and the ous tones of the island, are found in praotioe to be bipbly fructifying ; and in particular those who have learned and who go forth again to tench them offer an example to the world. Tbe best specimen of the Christian hero that I ever met with was one of these native mis, eio&atieB.; He had saved two lives at the risk of hie own ; like Nathan, he had bearded a tyrant in his hour of blood} when » whole white population fled be alone stood to his duty; and his behavior under domes tic sorrow with wbioh tbe public has no concern filled the beholder with sympathy and admiration. A poor little smiling laborious man be looked » and yon would have thought he had nothing in him, but that of whioh indeed be bad too muoh— faoile good nature. It chances that theonly rivals oi Moneeumeur and his missions in the Marquesas wore certain of these brown - skinned evangelists, natives from Hawaii. 1 know not what they thought of Father Dordillon 1 they are the only olasi I did not question ; but I suspect the prelate to have regarded them askance, for he was eminently human. During my stay at Tai o hae. the t;ipp of the yearly holiday came round at the girls' school ; and a whole fleet of whale boats came from TJapu to take the daughters of that island home. On board of these was Eauwealoba, one ot the pastors, a fine rugged old eentleman, of that leonine type so common in Hawaii. He paid me a visit in the Oasoo, and there entertained me with a tale of one of his colleagues, Kefcela. a missionary in the great cannibal isle of Hiva oa. It appears that shortly after a kidnapping visit from a Peruvian slaver, the boats of an American whaler put into a bay upon that ialancf, were attacked, and made their esoage with difficulty, leaving their mate, a Mr. Wfc.alon, in the hands of the natives. The captain, with his arms bound behind bis back, was oast into a house, and the chief announced tfce capture to Kekela. And here I begin to follow the version of Kauwealoha ; it is a good specimen of Kanaka English ; and the reader is to conceive it delivered *uh violent emphaeja and speaking pantomime. 'I got Melican mate,' the ohief he say— 'Wbatyougodo Melican. mate?' Kekela be saj— 'I go make fire, I go kill, I go eat him,' he say ; ' you come to-DuoUow eat piece.' — ' I tiovanl eat Melican mate!' Kekela be say, 'why you want?'— '? This bad shippee, this slave ebippee.' the chief he say, ' One' time a efcippte he come from Pel ue, he take away plenty Kanaka, be take away my son. Meli can mate he bad man, I go eat him ; you eat piece.' ' I no want eat Melican mate,' Kekela he cay, and he dy— all night he oly. To mollow Kekela he get up. he put on blaokee ©os»t. he go see chief ; he see Mispa Whela, him hand be' like this. (Pantomime.) Ktkelaheoly. -He say chief :—' Chief, you like things of mine? yoa like whale bo&t;?' ' Yes,' he say. 'You like filea'm (fireaimO?' 'Yes,' be' say* 'Yob li^e Hr.rirre er«-* V 'Yes.' ho *sjt. Kekela he take Misea Wbcla by &e; shpuiy (ahouldez), he take him light out house) he give chief he wfcaleboat, he file^'m, he bl&ijb;& coajt. He take Missa Whela he house, nuke him sit down with his wife and chile'n. Missa Whate all-tlE- BBBDe pelhon (prison) ; bis Wile he, hie chil'en in Angelina : he civ— O. he civ. KekeU he tolly. One day Ktkela, he see ship. (Pan tomimej. He say Mhsa Whela :— ?? Ma' Whela V Misea Wbeia he says— 'Yes.' Kanaka they begin po do wn beach. Kekela he get eleven kanaka, get os,» (oars), get evely thing. He eay Missa Wbela— 'Now you go quick.' They jump in wbaleboat. 'Now you low ! ' Kekela he say ; 'you low qniok, quick !' (Violent pantomime, and a change indicating that the narrator has left the boat and returned to the beach.) All the Kanaka tbey say— 'How! Melican mate he go away?'— jamp in boat ; low afta. (Violent pantomime and change again to boat ) Ktkela he say — '- Low qu-ck !' * Hete I think Kauwealoha's pantomime had oocfnsed me ; I have no more of hia ipissima verba ; and oan but add, in my own less spirited manner, that the ship was reached, Mr, Whalon taken aboard, end Kekela returned to his charge among the cannibals. But how uo' juet it is to repeat tbe stumblings of a foieigner in a language only partly acquired ! A thought lets reader might conceive Kauwealoha and bis collesgue to be a speoies of amioablejbaboon j but I bave here the antidote. In return for his act of gallant charity, Kekela was presented by the American Government with a sum of money, and by President Lincoln personally with a gold watch. From his letter of thanks, written in his own tongue, I give the following extract. I do not envy the man who can read it without emotion, When I saw one of your countrymen, a citizen of year great nation, iil-treated, aud about to be baked and eaten as a pig is eaten, I ran to save him, f nil of pity and grief at the evil of theje benighted people. I gave my boat for the stranger's life. This boatosme from James Hnnneirell. a gift of friendship. becaBs the wnwiB ef (&» countryratq of yonzi that he might not be eaten by the ; savages who know not Jehovah. Tout was j Mr. Whalon, and the date January 14, 1864, I As to thiB friendly deed of mine in saving Mr. Whalon, its seed came from your great land, and was brought by certain of your countrymen who had received the love of God, It waB planted in Hawaii, and I brought it to plant in this laud and in these dark regions, that they might receive the root of all that is good and true, which is love, 1\. Love to Jehovah. 2\. Love to self. 3\. Love to cor neighbor. If a man have a sufficiency of these three he is good and holy, like his God, Jehovah, in his triune character (Father, Son, and Holy Ghost), one-three and three one. If be have two and wants one, it ia not well; and if he have one and wants two, this, indeed, is not well ; but if he cherishes all three then is he holy indeed, alter the manner of tbe Bible. This is a great thing for your great nation to boast of before all the nations of the earth, From your great land a moat preoious seed was brought to the land of darkness. It wab planted here, not by means of guns and men of-war and threatenings. It was planted by means of tbe ignorant, tbe negleoted, the despised. Suoh was the introduction of tbe word or the Almighty God into this group of Nuuhiwa, Great is my .debt to Americans, who have taught me all things pertaining to this life, and #0 that whioh is to come. How shall I repay your great kiodnass to me ? Thus David aBked of Jehovah, and thnB I ask of you, the President of the United States This is. my only payment -that whioh I have received of the Lord — love (aloha). (To be continued, J 