rh c.Irrix~uide' ESTAB3LISITE 1854: p SATURDA Y, TNOl J'EJBER 14, 1891. ft iWHEN the WilliamstownCouncil, sup- ` ported by an influential and represents tive . gathering of townspeople, last a waited upon the Postmaster-General p with reference toi postal requirements, Mir.Duffy made them a fair and reason able offer to the effect that if the towns- o people desired immediate improvements d he was prepared to spend the sum of t L1000 in building a new- front to the present obsolete structure, but if they I were content to wait .patiently for- an- e other twelve montlhs, until the financial state of tihe Treasury showed improre muent, he would be prepared to: enter into and deal liberally with'. the request c for an oflicein keeping with the growth 5 .of this locality. Naturally the depu .Lation.....einced--asal woun. .;e-i..- s. exercise that. greatest of all virtues patience. nud return fur their.just pro portion of the harvest when the sun was shiinig. .lThe ghost, for once for tunately, appeared at that happy gather ing, and a deputationist remarked that the land upon which the post office stood was the property of the town. Mr. Diffy seized upon the straw, 'aid cautiously inquired whether the question of title was to he raised l? To this the Mayor replied that the Council would evidence its bonn fides by making, the necessary conveyance of. the site imme diately, and MIr. Daffy smilingly eon gratulated thcel: thalt the one other stumbling block had been removed. The grace terni has now expired; the Council have redeemed their proniise anil assigned overtlhcir titleto the land, and at Tuesday's uleeting they resolved unanimously that they shouldl com municate again with the Postmaster General. Fyom inception to tlhepresent niomentt negotiations have been most cordially condnructed between thle Postal department and the Council, so now that the. time is ripe townspeople may be sanguine of a successful termination to their agitation, as thle Treasury is now in a condition to disgorge a few:of its thousands in the direction of Wil liamstown. . . TuE annual meeting of the Council next week gives promise of being vested with unusual interest, inasmuch as the adoption of the balance- sheet involves a delicate point in accountancy, in which it is but just to state the only person competent to express a : practical opinion. who will ibe seated at the table will he the town clerk, though lie most remain dumb unless nappcaled to through the Mayor. We do not intend to cast the slightest reflection upon the financing abilities of Councillors, as not one in every thousand of the town's population is competent to sit down and pick to pieces a balance-sheet. But what we intend to convey is this, that the Government and local auditors have certified to the correctnss of the town clerk's book keeping and cash, and have embodied such information in the customary tabulated nain mhand a September 3oth of L300 3s. Under the Act which regulates the condunct of -Municipal finances, had there been a balance on the other side of the :ledger Cooncillors would have been personally liable for it individually, and the question to be debated is whether the casting of figures in a manner. that clears Councillors of-responsibility by showiing a credit balance does not actually conceal a heavy delbit hialnee. Competent accountants,. such as the Government auditor or town clerk could, we venture to assert, cast the figures of the balance-sheet in a dozen different forms, and without altering a single item, produce tabulations, each or all of which would result in reducing the private 'bank balances -of Councillors. BRut the Act does not require them to do this; neither does it stipulate the form in which to present a balance-sheet; what it simply demands is a sum at credit when the current year's records closed. So as to be explicit, it is perhapsabest to. disclose that the exact item to be queistioned is the pan account, wherein the money in hand is vhituanlly the property of the contractor,. thooghi held in trust. Ordinarily, an addenida to the balance- sheet would have disclosed this asam as a con tingemit liability for future adjustment, but iaccordinig to minicipal book-keeping it is not necessary to do other than recognise the amount received, take-credit for what has been paid to the contractor in instal ments, according to agreement, and hoald the balance as, a cash asset in the ordinary accoiunt for revenue.. This balance, in the statement of accounts under perusal, con- tributes the sum at credit, and is certified to as correct. by the auditors, who -thus confirm the town clerk in hisl opinion. What - Councillor Hick; who is 'the one objector, can hope to gain by his threat of "'exposunre," is beyond `ordinary ken, but this we venture to ;assert that should lihe make his promised attempt to teach tihe to'ni clerk book-keepinig, lie will most assuredly discover his aown utter want of knowledge in reference to the injunctions laid down in thie Act under which he holds his seat is a councillor.:' DEasrlo the second reading of the Con atitution Act Amendnient Bill in the Legisla tiue Council on Wedneadaynight Hon. W.' - H. Roberta thought the preposed aiimendent to give an extra vote to freeholders only nialy waouold not- be intisfactory, far the selector who purchased' froni the Govern 'ient should have a 'vote also. '(Hon. meni hers :--"MHe'will iaeov.?'.He-was-glad-to hear that, and thought thie same principle uapplied-in'thetosmis toolf Was it intended to exclude those weho had iut aip a house by thciassistince of 'a building society ? - ( " No, no.") -Underi certain acts of Parliament a man who geve - mortgage was still consider ed a freeholder, bnt under other acts he: was not. ;Hezwould like to see a dual vote given to every man on the ratepayers' roll. Os the House going into Committee of Sopply for the further consideration of the Estimates. on Thursday night, Mr WV. T. 'Crirterdrew attention to the case of .Tames - Hiddle, formerly engneer on the dredge George Rennie, and now deceased. Mfr Hiddle had been in the service for 21 years, and had bItterly been engineer to the fleet in addition to his other duties, yet all the compensation that' had been paid to his familyvas nine months' pay. It was con tended that the case of Mfr Hiddle should be treated in' the same way as were those of Mr Le Crei and Mir Steel, whose families received compensation at the rate of one mouth's salary for each year of service. Mir W. T. Carter also said that the wages of head lightlhouse-keepers were fixed at a minimum of LIG 10s. per month, hut some of the men received Li a muonth less than that amount MIr Turner replied that he would inquire into the matter. Mi; iV. T. C.tr;Tsn, our present repre scntative in Parliamnent, is to be oppousl li y MIr Jacies Styles, Mayor Woods, and Ir Mr WiUianms, uarrictcr-at-lasv, at the next election. Sir Grhanm Berry is on his wvay oat to Victoria, and Professor Pearson, it is said, intends to resigmn in favor of his old chief, then M\r Berry. Hon W. H. Roberts is spoken of as the next Ministcr of Justice, 1 representing the Liberal party. ToE ienmbers of the Pilot Service have practically, though unostentateously ex lirmesd their synmpatlhy with the family of a their late comrade, Captain Develin, by a donatinig L100 towards the support of his ] four children. The gift carries witll it the feelings of the service. The sum was placed I to the children's credit in the bank i yesterday. No. 5 of '* How I spent my holiday" will appear in our next issie. W: ' lave n shol Mri .Hectd M ,Leod, of j Williamstown,, an ingenions di method dIf posting maine and meteorelogi; di cal. telegrans, plans of which are' nowe be- w fore the postnmaster-General, with a view to P obtaining its adoption by his department. The new system cannot fail to commend , itself to everyone interested'in shipping, as d it is undoubtedly a vast, in rovement on the G preseat unsatisfactory mode of posting the items indiscriminately and regardles of order. Mr McLeod proposes to have a f( board painted white, which is to be divided , into as.many:.columns as there are tele graphic stations on thecoast,'sucl divisions eing headed conspicnously "Cape Schanck,". "Wilson's Promontory," and so on. The outside coluimns will be reserved for the arrivals and departures from the extreme b points of the section of the 'coast which the artiecular board lis intended to represent. The news contained in thie telegrams, as re ceived, will be written with chalk oni a slate tablet, which -will be inserted under its c proper heading hy means of a steel socket: The board will be raised and lowered into a frame protected by a glass front in much the same manner as a window sash by ropes and weighlts, and the whole wrill be seemed from interference by a smiall lock. To say nothiig of the obvious merits of the system on the i score of neatness aind as' a time saver, its t principal recommendation is that it provides i an efficient check on incorrect informnation.t Part of the scheme is a box, divided into i seven apartments, each representing a dlay of the wReek. When the board receives its 1 daily clearance, the tablets will be placed in c the proper compartment and retained for a 1 week, when they can he cleaned and used again. This box will be always locked, the I key being kept in thie possession of a higher a ollicial ' By this means a salutory check will be secured, and the source of incorrect information accurately. ascertained. Mr McLeod's invention has received the hearty approbation of the shipping firms of the city, and should be appreciated by the general public. We tryst that the Post master-General will see his way clear to adopt our young townsman's iivent.ioi whlen tihe nem-'post-iuitnoe'teui utt.' '...1 " TnE Ozone,;properly named the people's favorite, is now in full running trim, and patrons are loud in their praise of the kind ness and geniality of her amiable skipper, Captain Campbell, and his attentive officers and attendants. Captain Campbell is, we are informed, a candidate for the vacancy in the Pilot Service created by the death of Captain Develin. His selection would prove highly popular to his brother captains who visit the port. On the score of qualifications Captain Campbell holds a splendid record, and we heartily wish him every success in his application. THE influenza epidemic has evidently. created a scare in New South Wales, for tihe Bishop of Sydney ha-jissued the following to the clergy of the diocese of Sydney :-"' Rev. and Dear Brethren,-The mysterious malady termed ' infinenza' has been so prevalent and fatal that I think you will concur with sume in the conviction that special notice of it in our public, as well as in our private, de votion might be beneficial: I have accord ingly drawn uip the accompanying form of prayer, and authorise the use of it in public worship at your discretion. Yours most faithfully, Wmin. Sz. Sydney :-O Almighty God, our heavenly Father, in whose hand is the disposal of all events, we beseech Thee I of Thine infinite mercy to behold the distress in which we are now placed by the preval ence of widespread and serious illness amongst us, and to give ms speedily such I relief as may be good in Thy sight. We humble ourselves before TIhece, when we re Emember -our many shortcomings and trans gressions, amid we pray Thee to grant unto us forgiveness of our sins and grace to serve Thee with more minidfulncss and diligence all our days, through Jesus Christ our Lord. t Amen."' * Ti return of traffic On the Victorian SRailvways for theweek' ending November 5th tis rather more satisfactory than previous statements have been. The total revenue for the weekwas £75,839, as against£76,873 for the corresponding week last year, pas sengers, parcels, &c.;, having yielded £44,525 and £45,387 respectively, and goods tratfic £31,306 anld £31,4S6 for the two periods. The receipts for the financial year to date have been £l;0-11,030, and the weekly 3 average £57, 8..5 this year, as compared with £1,0'2, 532 and £60,t69 for the same portion of liast year.' AT the Sailors' Rest concert on Wednes day evening Miss Morrell provided a very attractive programme, and was ably assisted 1 liy the following artists :-Messrs Chaplin, Adcockc FallaCalculItt. Jones.- lhaDoclul.t. ansi 'lliniott, and the Misses ratterson and Hemming. Miss Patteison contributed "Beautiful roses" and "The dance." Miss r Hemming gave, a beautiful recitation en titled "They too,". following later with " Hunting tower," and "Her letter." Mr TcDonald sag '"Out on.the deep" and S" The old brigade." and Mr Chaplin (late of TLM.S. Orlando) gave "The song that reached my heart" and "There's a light in the window." Mr Adcock sang "The lads in red," and "See the lanT appears in sight." . Mr Jones rendered " Big Ben," "The miner," and " The old sexton." Mr F. - Callcutt gave two very amusing recita tions. "O'Branagan's drill" and" Lessons in Scookery.". Mrs Press will supply the pro Sgramme for next week. L Ix our report of the plain and fancy print a ball which appeared in. last issude one of the a principal fancy costumes, that of the Master Sof Ceremonies, Mr W. HIenderson, Gondolier, 1 was inadvertently .onomitted. TiE monthly meetiig of the WVillia,ns 1 .town lMechanics' Institute comumittee was h held on Thlursday evening; presentL Messra E. MeRobert, president (in 'the chair), Reid, Pearson, Oldlham, Gale, Davies, Draper, Holmberg and Power. The financial state ment for October, read by the treasurer; Mr J. Reid, showed expenditure L161i 15s 4id, includhing the paying off of L100 debenture debt, leavring L900 still to pay; receipts for time month, L37 18s balance in banik, LIt Os 4d. A largo number of new books have been added to the library, many recently published 'md of great interest. The valuable collection of hisgh- class books (5000) in this library shotld prove a great boon to those members of the community w ho can appreciate .the 'advantage, and are wvilliig topay the small fee reqtired for the sue of temn in their own homes. TITHE nst reminder of the Jordan Estate will be submitted to auction at three o'clock on thie gronund this day. The name' of Jordan wv-s long associated with the history of "'lilliamstown. Sonie tinie ago t-le cottage was sold for removal. The block is' situate corner of, Parker anri Little Nelso i streets. . WiTsE parente of theb child Sarah Davis, five years ofage, upon whom: an inquest was held, ito. Satnrday,, have brought the 'ijiatler of the allegflnogging or casting of the isifant tinder tlie'iotiee of the Education department, and the district inspectr has been ordered to make careful inquiries into thie matter.. rn explanation of this order it mnaye insentionedbte..regl itions proviide. IliaC "eorpsral§'psinishment:' ssanli'be in flicted on boys only," end 'that shouldusucim punishment exceed mord than oibe stroke an entry has to be made in the "register of corporal punishment." Ma WV. H. Thonmas writes in the best of 5 spirits from Isis new home, the Commercial Bank of Australia,' Perth. 'In nsier to inquiry as to the prospects of the mmig industry, Mfr Thomas says the only estab lislied nlinng district is Southern Cross, a week's journey from Perth, freight £20 per 'ton, with a population of 380 souls which has been in existence fir two years; the yield is something like one ounce to the toin. Perth is verily in its infancy, just awrakening from a lethargy of 50 years. There is every evidence of amuzingly rich gold country in the interior, but it is so very inaccessible that years must elapse before it is really openei utp. Western Australia is sadly in steed of Victoriasn eterprise and capital, amid a really practical syndicate, with means to develop some of the fields, woull, lie Iselieveil, be resarded beyond sanguine anticipations. TiE'influce za rpiilenic has created consi derable inroads on the funds of the Wil liamstown J.Laiies' Benevolent Society, iind the ladies find their finances nearly LPO overdmluwn at thie bank. Its conseiluenes of this the comimittee have hicen reluctcatly compelled to hold over paytnist of the orshiinary monthly triaesmtens's accounts. Now is tIhe opportunity far all to assist by sending dotnatious, no matter how small tChe sum, to the hon. secretary, Mrs. Reid, Electra-street, or ladies of the committee. Mn. Emmerson. solicitor, of Port Mel ournie, and as old resident of Williams town, is a candidate for thie vacancy on the Nlariine Board carsed by the retirement of jAIr. (Ginusoti. 'We wish Mr. Eisnerson success, as hii long connection with thIe port shipping interests aptly qualifies him for the position. Tist District Inspector of Schools has held an exliaustive inquiry with resprct to the allegeul unidue punmshment of a child at the Central State school about four months ago. Tme result will probebly be known early next week. Hoy F. S. GnnRwaDE was formally intro= duced to the Legislative Chamber on Tues day evening, and after taking the usual oath was iresented to his colleagues by the President. ArrIER a lingering illness Mr W. H. Alsop, music teacher, expired from the offects of dropsy early yesterday moring. The Rev G. W. Harrison, who attended the deceased gentleman in his lais moments, says lihe was conscious to the last,aand with Christian fortitude smilingly welcomed his call to rest. Mn. .STxEEDMA, chemist and druggist, Nelson place, Williamstown, has just re ceived a shipment of the celebrated GlOptill's Sure Cure and Bone Remedy. This cele brated patent medicine was intmroduced here by Mr R. G. Neale, J.r.; who recently travelled through America, and hundreds of testimonials, some from well-known Wil liamstown residents, can be inspected. Cir culars on application.-ADvT.. 