"Catch Me Theiellttle iosw." AN OM) SONO, HB, EDITOB.-I oaunot allow the contribution " Onward and Upward " of Ur, F. P. Gale to pasa ' unchallenged, ai lt niakea an insidious attack upon a very large section of the Chrietian oommunity the Oatholio body-in that it oovertly assails one of its fundamental, doctrines, to wit, the infalli- bility of a goneral counoil. Mr. Gale's effusion may seem to the unreasoning a brilliant produc- tion, but to the logician it is so much insano twaddle. He ia tall, grandiose, in hie florid language, but he is in argumentation a pitiable failure, The fallacy of trantitut a generi. and gcnut ia laid hold of to support his assertions, whioh this feeble dialeotloian persuades himself to be fully established. No parity of reasoning can exist between the teaching of Christ and the teaching of fallible men. Tho laws and decrees of tho latter ever vary, while Christianity is immu- table ; the same yesterday, to-day, and for - ever. Revelation is inspired truth and knows no advanoe, and to those chosen to teaeh this truth to all ages and nations, thero ia given tho promise of exemp- tion from error. Uenoo " we may be content with the recommendation of tho Fathers assembled at Nioe," even in spite ot tho despotic " no " of F. P. Gale,;, , Mark tho puerile ondeavour made to support this " no " with a dieingenuousness hardly pardonable. "My father believed in thia, that, or the othor tonet ¡ and I shall believo the same whether right cr wrong." No man outside a lunatic asylum would use such language. If I prove to my satisfaction that my fathers oreed is true, I would be an arrant fool not to oling to it ; but if "I provo it false, and, thorefore, leading to perdition, I would be maddest of all not to flee from itatonoe and for over." Let it be granted that'this language (as Mr. Gale asserts)' is often heard.iit is at beat but tho languogo of idiocy, and upon this, forsooth I ia it attempted by Mr. Gale to found auargument for his "no." Like foundation like struoturo...." The traditions of men," or of any one man, say Gale, for instance, " hinder the free course of the Gospel j" bat not so those traditions ta which the Apostle commands us to hold fast, which.are to be cherished even as the Gospel itself. - Mays the Evangelist : He that is of God heure th ,.ua-VS, .the veale of the earth," the " teacher's -of all- nations," the " dispensera of the mysteries of God," "unto whom a kingdom is disposed," " against whioh tho gates of hell shall not prevail," and which ls " the pillar and the ground of truth"-to whom ia promised the guldanoe of the Spirit always and in all things. " I will send yon the Spirit of Truth to teaoh you ALL things and to abido with yon for EVKU." " Lo, I amiwith you all days even unto the comsumtoa tton bf the world." Thus Baith tho Redeemer, and it would be utter blasphemy to oharge Him with inability to fulfil His promise, or to say that He made a false'one. Here, Bays the Catholic, is the reason '.why he aooepta the patristio decisions, whioh, by the adamantine ruIeB of logio, ho knows to be'the. deolsions of tho Holy Ghost. It is only when error is inculcated that man's tradition ÍB opposed to the oourso of the Gospel. Tho material progress of the ago no ono will attempt to deny, nor shall " a mighty galaxy of a glorious intellectual light (sic) bas burst upon tho horizon of thought during tho Inst sixty years ;" but I* emphatically affirm that throughout the progress of the world's bolDg there novor was wanting a mighty galaxy of intellectual lights whoever read ot the galaxy ot a light till the guahiug Gale Bwept his thoughts into print-before whioh the Gale galaxy pales into dimness. But in the name of common sense what co-relation is there between the physical aoionoes, material pro- gress and Christian truth 1 " Believe in tradition and you miSB eternal lifo," So says Gale, What vapid .nonsense. Believe1 in tradition, and you miss eternal life. .F. F. Gale'B letter is tradition, or go to believe in F. P. Galos letter ÍB to miss eternal lifo. Poor Gale 1 " Beliovo in too Lord Jesus Christ, and eternal life, Heaven, and all ita bliss, is yours," Belief in Christ implies belief In His teaohing, and whon Ho teaches that, He has fonnded a churoh, that ia a teaohing church, against whioh tho gates of hell shall not prevail, and which we must " hoar, or boas the Leathon and the publioan," Wo must accept this ohuroh and ita touching at tho peril of ono's salvation. Hence tho writer of " Echoes and Opinions " wroto wisely ; but F. F. Gala did not. And!F. P. Gale is not corrcot when ho thus writes -"Neither do tho present ago believo in the traditions of tho Fathers." Tho present age-the greatrCatholio body-does believo In tho traditions of theTFathers, and who rejeota them will never " piafat hiB standard on tho highest pinnaole of truth';" Never. Tho rejection of His servants ls the rejeotion of tho Christ, Lot mo givo a Blmplo syllogism in barbara. Who dcsplsoth the ohuroh despiseth Christ ; F. F, Galo dcsplsoth tho ohuroh, thcreforo F. P. Gale duspiscth Ohrist, The major proposition is on tho Redeemers authority, tho minorfia admitted by Galo. How then escapo tho conclusion 1 Horrible I ." '-*. . D> 0BJ¡J¡Di 0 popist for tho nonce, ^ LloniiVllio, May 28th. _. Ia tho coarso of nn address at Parramatta, tho HOT,' Chat era Wclob, chaplain . ta tho Primato, said tho nations of tho earth wcro trying to govern themselves without tho help of Goa, and thlB WBB oven so ia England, whioh owed BO much to her religious faith Tn the'post. That waa our 'greatest error, and it would bring ua into a state of anarchy and luflerlng such ai tba world bad never men. 