CHAPTEI1 XXIIf. JErLL--to whom we are obliged to refer rather frequently, as she holdls some imIportant threads of the stor'y in her hands-found times went very hard with her. A death within the house in addition, to the death close without it, was almost more thanl Jolly could well put up with in her present state of mind. The startling circumstances that had clharacter'ized Mrs. ltane's demise did not attend Mrs. Cumberlazid s: but it hrld been very sudden at last, and Jelly was sincerely attached to her' mistress. Dr. I?ane was left sole executor to his mother's will It was a very simple onte: she hequcatheil to him all she had. That was not much ; for a portion of her income died with her. I-e found that he had two huendred a year--s he had always known that he shmould have--and her household furniture. Of rneady money thero was little. When he should have discharged trifling claims and paid the funeral expenses, some twenty or thirty pounds would remain over, that was all. Dr. BIane acted promptly. He discharged two of the servants, Ann and D)inah, retaining Jelly for the present to look after the house. H-Le wished, if lie could, to get the furniture taken with the house ; so he advertised it in the local papers,. I-o had been advertising his practice-I think this his been ailorely said-but nothing satisfactory had come of it. Inquiries had been madle, but they all dropped through. Peti'lmps D). 1lanle was too honest to say his practice was wo'rth much, or to cotn coal the fact that IMr. Seeley lhad the best of it in Dallory. Neither twas the tonaine money as yet- paid over' to himi ; and, puttinig out of consideration all other business, the doctor must have waitied for that. Now, of all things that; could have happened, Jelly most disliked anld dreaded being left alone in the house. From l'having been as physically brave as a woman can be, she had latterly become one of the most timid. She started at liher own shadow ; shite would not for the world have entered alone aut night the roomt in which hris. Cumberland died. Having seen one ghost, Jelly could not feel sure thalt she shlold not see two. Some lpeople hbold at theory that to a very few persons in this wotlld-ud not to othmes-is given the factulty, or whatever you mAay please to call it, of dliscoprning supenat ural sights or visions. .Jelly had heard this: and sIhe beca;ime pos sessed ,of the idea that for some wise purpose she had heeon suddenly endowedl with it. To remain. ii the house alone was morei thati her brain coull Ihear; and she sele.ctted Ketle"'s eldest girl, a starved damsel of thirteen, called ' liahi,' to come and keep heor company. As it w:as one less to feed, and they hail tried in vain to get Bliah it place-for, the strilke and badness of t.rade hadl attlhceted all classes, and less servanllts rnellel toh, b l walte?l ovnrywhererl,-Ktler adutd his wife were very glad to let her go. Rlow dio ruI'mours get Iabout Cn lll ny l eIY I tell 1 I-low did at certain rumour get about atnd begin to he whispered in D)alloly ' Certainly tn( one there could have told. Jelly could have upon her Bible oath if n ecessay (or thought she could) that she harl not sot it floating. Tt was a very' ugly one, whoever had done it. La'tt one aifternouot .Jelly received a call from Mrs. (Gass's smiart housemaid. The girl Ibrought a letter from her mistress ; llrs. Gass wanted very particularly to see J.Tlly, and had senit to say that Jolly e'was to go there as soon as she could. Jelly nia?lo no sort of objection. Site uhd b?emn coutinerl to the house much miore closely of late thani she approved of: partly because D)r. aeno had charged lihei to be in the way in ciaso people called to look ove. it : partly because shie had found out that Miss liah lold a tendeney to walk oil; herself, if she couldl got Jelly's back turned. ' Now, imn:l you sit still in the kitchen and attend to the lire, and listen to the dooo' ; and perhaps I'll bring you home as pair of strings for thlt hionnat of yur.s,' saidl .Jelly to the girl, when shte was ready to start. ' The doctor will he in by-anid-by, so don't attempt to got out of the way.' W\ith these injunctions, Jelly began het' wa\k. She hadl on her best now mourning -onrl was in a cormplaisant tmood. I1t ltoked inclined to rain-thii wenather had beetn uncr tii of late -but Jelly had her tunbritllt : ai sillk one that hadl IeIlonged to her mistress, iand that Di)r. lane hadl given, with mauy other thinugs, to Jelly. Stme rather wonmdereil what Mrs. (:ass wantte with her, but sup posed it was to tell hem' of t?*;iltutuati.nl. tI hitd hbeetn aarangtl that if in eligibleh oni oi'orerl, Jelly slhldl he at limrtl.y to depart, and a woman imlight le Iplcoed in the house to take etne of it. M[rs. (Jas ltla sairl she would let Jelly know if she heard of anything desirabhl, So awaay went Jolly with at fleet foot, little thinking what was in store for 'her. Mrs. Gass, wearing mlourning also, was in her usual sitting room, the dining-room.- As, Jelly entered, tho smiart maid was carrying out the tea-tray. Mrs. Gass stirred up her tire, and bade Jelly to It chair near it, drawing a her own pretty closely to her. ' Just see whether that girls have shut the 1 rlaor fast before I begin,' suggested Mrs. Gass. ' It won't do to have ears listening to iue. I Jelly went, saw the door was closed, conme 1i back and siat down again. She noticed that Mrs. Gass looked keenly at her, as if studying her face before speaking. ' Jelly, what is it that you have been say ing about Dr. Blane I' The question was so unexpected that Jelly did not immediately answer it. Quite a change, this, from an offer of IL nice situation. 'I've said nothing,' she replied. N'Sow don't you repeat that to Inme. You have. And it would have been aL'niost las well for you that you h:ul cut your tongue out before doing it.' 'Isaid-L1-what I did-to you, Mrs. (ass. To nobody else.' 'Look here, Jelly-- the mis chief's done, and you'd a grea t deal better lcok it full in the face tlhm deny it. There's reports getting up about Dr. Rane, in regard to his wife's death, and no mortal woman or mian can have set ei' afloat but you. This morning I was in N iorth Inlet, looking a bit after theml scamps of workmen that won't work, and won't let others work if they can help it: and after I had given a taste to as many of 'ern as was standing about, [ stepped into Mother Green's. She has the rheumiatics \--and lie hhas a touch of them. Talking with her of one thing and another, we got on to the subject of Dr. Iaune and the tontine; and she said two or three words that frightened me ; frightened me, Jelly; for they pointed to a suspicion that the doctor haln sacrificed his wife to got it. I pretended to understand nothing--sihe did not speak out broad enough for ie to take it up and answer her--and it was the best plan not to unnderlstalndl ' or an old woman, Mother Green has the longest tongue I know,' interrupted Jelly. 'You've a longer,' retorted iMr's, Gass. ' Just wait till I've finished, girl. 'Twas a tolerable tine, morning, and after thait I went walking on, and struck off down by the Wlheatsheaf. Packerten's wife was standing at th?e door with cherry ribbons in her cap, uiand T stolped to talk to her. She brought up Dr. Bane; and lowered hier voice as if it was high treason; asking me if I'd heard what iwas being said about ihis wife's not lhaving 'lied a natural death. I did give it to the wonman andl I think I frightened her. 'She acknow lodged that she only spoke from a: hint dropped by Timlothy Wilks, and said she had thought at the time it couldn't have anything in it. But what I: have to say is this,' continued Mr's. G:Oss to Jelly more emphatically, ' whether it's Tire 'Vilks that's spreadling the report, or whether it's Mother Grteen, they both had it in the flrsb place from you.' Jelly s',t in discomfort. She did not like this. Ft is nothing to hfe chiu'ged with a fault when you are wholly innocent ; but whole colsciece says you are partly guilty it is another thing. rI u:ty have let fall af incautious word there,' confessed Jelly. ' But it was nothing anyirody can take hold of.' ' Don't you onrkeo sure of that,' repriman'ded iMs. (is.. ' We are told in tIhe sacred writ inrgs-which it's not well to mention in ordinarTy ;talk, iand I'donly do it with rever'ence -of a grain of mustard seed, thalt's the least of all seeds when it's sown, and grows into i tlhe grea'test tree. You r'member \Vho i is says that, TJelly, so it's not for me to enlarge I uponl it. But I imiry say this inuch, girl, tlllt I tlhat's Ian apt exempllllification of gossip. You 1 drop one word, or maybe only half it one, and I it goes sprelading out pretty nigh over the I world.' 'I'm sure, what with the weight; and worry this droladful secret has Ione on my mind, I dalmost driving mrie miad, the wonder is that l I've Ien table to keep as uilent as I have,' pu'bt in Jolly, who was growing cross. Mrs. Giass I rIesuitncd. ' If tr the thiig is what you think it to be-a dlreladful secret, ain its brought to. light a throughr you, why, I don't know tlhat you'd get blamrled--though thlre's ninmany a one will r say you mnight hauve spared your nmistress's son t and left it for others to charge hime. But sup- a pose it turns out to be no dreadful secrett; f suppose poor .lh'ssy Ilane died ia lnatural death of tIhe fever, what then ?-where would you I lie ' r Jolly took olf iher black gloves as if they e had grown suddenly hot for her lueids. She f said nothing. t ' Look hero, girl. My belief is that you've I ijust setb r lmrrnd oilr Irt uno thlrlt wonr't lie put; out until it's burnt out. My thirm belief rulso is, that yott be altogethqe misfarken. Oliver u Bano loved hIris wife too well tu: hurt one hair 1 of herr head.' 'LThere wans ithat rno u IrltIy s leOlr',' criel Jelly. s S\Vli?ntover hainil lie mioght hasv had in that I anrrnonyrous letter'-atd inolbody knows tnhe ' truth of it whlietliher hIe lhaL or whether hIe I hlwiun't I don't believe he wtas the irran to hIurtr. a hair of his wife's hand,' repeated Mr's. I CLass. ' Ard f'rr you to le sprearding it rubout , ... , 1.,. .......~1... I .. .... i , 1 .. '.The circumista?ices all point to it,' srid Jelly. ' Tlhey don't.' t Why, [Mrs. Gass, they do.' ' Let's go over 'em, and see,' said -Mrs. (Gass, f who had a plain way of convincing people. ' Let's beginu it the beginning. Hear toe out, n Jolly.' I She went over the past minutely. Jolly 1 listened, growing more uncomfortable every c mnroent. 'Ilther was absolutely not one fict , inconsistent with ia natural death. It is true i thoe demise bad been spedy, but the Cause assigned, I xhIaustion, might huavo been the real I one; and the hasty fastening down of the 1 collin was no doubt a simple measuro of pre caution, taken out of regard for the living. i No; ais Mrs. Cross put it in her sensible way, d thmle was positively not a single fact that 1 could he urger for suppoing ibthat Mrs. l:ane I cinea to Ian ln ltimely endl. J lly twirled her gloiveCs, tad twisteld her hands, and glrw hot I anid uncominfortable. a 'T'hiere was what I? saw -the ghost,' she saidth. c Int Mri'?. (J is:; i'iduleule the glih,--thint is, thie ble of it-boyoinl everythinig urthly. 1 ,lJlly, hiowver, woutl ilnotlgive wlay theoro; and t they had solme sparring. h (jholst, indeed I and you cllmo to this ge I o It was thII hbeer girl ; the loer.' SI lhadni't had ai drop of beor,' protested si Jelly, nalnost crying, ' Hlow was I to got bear 11 r t Ketler's I They've none for themselves, had had nothing inside my lips but tea.' ' Well ; beer or or no beer, ghost or no ghost, s it strikes rte, Jelly, that. you have -done a r pretty thing. The story's as sure to take r wind now as them geraniums of mine will have air when I open the window to:morrow morning. You 11 be called upon to substantiate e your story ; and when you can't; the law may have you up to answer for it. I once knew a u man that rose a bad charge against anothr ; he was tried for it, and got seven years' trans e portation. You may come to the same.' t. A very agreeable prospect ! If Jely's bon net had not been on, her -hair might .have risen up on end with horror. There could be no doubt that it was she who-had started the report; and in this moment of repentance she sat really wishing she hied first cut her foolish tongue out. Nothing can be done now,' concluded Mrs. Gass. ' There's just ouc chance for you-that t the rumour may die awvay. If it will, let it; I and take warning to be more cautious in t future. The probability is that Mother Green and Tim WVilks have mentioned it to others I,esides me and Packerton's wife : if so, noth ing will keep it under. You have been a great fool, Jelly.' s Jelly went away in terrible fright. For 1 suspect as she might, she had no proof; and if e questionedl by authority could not have advanced one. S'Dr. Rane have been in hero three times after you,' was young Riah's salutation when t Jelly reached home. Dr.: Rane has1' ' And he said the last time you oughtn't to be away from the house so long with only me I in it,' added the dlu~sel, who felt aggrieved, on her own score, at having been left. ' Oh, did he i' carelessly returned Jelly. But she began considering what Dr. Rane could want. Just as she had decided that it might refer to this same report, which he might have heard, and Jelly was growing more and more ill at ease in consequence, he canme in. She went to him: in the dining room. 'Jelly, I think I have let the house,' said the doctor. ' Have you, sir '' returned Jelly, blithely, in the agreeable revulsion of feeling. 'I'm sure I amn glad.' ' But only for a short time,' continued Dr. Rane. ' Two ladies of Whitborough are wanting, temporary change of air, and will take it if it suits them. They are comning to morrow to lookl at it.' ' Very well, sir'.' 'They will occupy tihe house for a month, and perhaps take it for longer.' This will givo me time to let it for a' permanency. If you feel inclined to take service with them, I iblieve there will be room for you.' ' Who are they 1' asked Jolly. ' Mrs. and Miss 3Beverage. Quakers.' She knew the name. Very respectable people; plenty of money. SY:,u'll'show them over it to-morrow when they come : I may or may not he in the way at the time,' concluded Dr. Rarne. .lolly attended him to the door. Tb was evident Ihe had not heard the rumour that had: reached Mrs. Gass ; ' or, at least, did not' couneoct Jelly in any way with it ? But how was he likely to hear it i The probability was, that all Dallory would. be full of it before it remached him. Jolly could not oat her supper. Mrs. Gass's communication had left no room for appetite. Neither diii she get any sleep. Tossing and turning on her bedl, lay she : the past doubt" and present dread troubling her brain until miorn iig. [But, when Jelly had thus' tormented herself andn regardled the matter in all its aspects, the result was, that she still belihaved her own veorsion of the tale-namely, thait Mrs Bane had not come fairly by her death. True, she had no proof: but she began wondering whietller proof might not hbe found. At any rate, she resolved to search for it. Not openly; not to be used ; but quietly and cautiously : to hold, as it were, in case of need. She 1 could not tell hlow to look for this, or where to I begin. No oner had seen Mrs. Rane after death- excepting of course the undertakers. Jelly resolved to question them: perhaps something might be gleaned in this way. 1 It was afternoon before the expected ladies arrived. Two pleasant women, dressed after the sober fashion of their sect. Mrs. Bever age, a widow, was sixty; her daughter nearly forty. They liked the house, and, said they should take it; and at once; and they 1 liked Jelly, and engaged ' her as upper t maid, intending to bring two servants of theif own. After their departure Jelly had to wait I for Dr. Rane who came in whilst she was at tea. It was growing late when she set out on s her expedition, ,nd she started at the hedge s slhadows as she went along. The comndnncment of her task was at any 1 rate not diflicult : she could enter the HDep burns' ]house without excuse or apology, knrowing themi sutliciently well to do so. Walking thrrough the shop wvithout ceremony, savimng a nod to young Charley, who wras r mrinding it, Jeolly turned into the little parlour. Thomirs liepiurn, who seemed to Ie always ailing witlh something or oler,; had an inflam- S mation on hIris left; armn, and his wife was binding bruised lily leaves round it. Jelly, a drawing near, at once expressed her disappro- i bation of the treatment. t ' I can't think how it should have come, or what it is,' he observed. 'I don't remember to hlave hur, it in any way.' n Jelly took tho seat on the other side the n fire-place, and aMrs. Hepburn, a stoub healthy I woman, sat down at the small round table t and bogan working by lamplight. Thomas Hepburn, nursing his arm, which pained him, led all unconsciously to the subject Jelly had d cone to sponek about. Saying that if his armn i was not hotter in the morning, he should sholw it to Dr. Ranio, lihe thence went on to express 0 his sorrow that the doctor should talk of leaving Dallory, for they liked him so much P hoth as a guntlcmneni and a doctor. D 1utb after such a loss as lihe has experienced 5s in his wife, poor lady, no wonder the place is a distasteful to him,' went on Hepburn. And Jolly felt silently obliged for the words that I helped her in her task. sl ' Ah, that was a dreadful thing,' she said. I shall never forget the muorning, I heard of it, and the shock it gave me.' t I'sure u I can never fuigot the night he r camlo down lreo, and sail she was dead,' re- B ,joined the undertaker. ' :It was like a blow. Ii We had shut up the shops for the night, ,j thought the iln were at work still next door, 1h whln the doctor came. It was past eleven 1 o'clock ; but we Ihal to work late d(luring thal t sad tnimo; and Hen-ory's illness and death tI seemed to make a differonce of nearly as (h mucn as bwo hands to us. I was in the yard ia s,: with themen when there came a knocking at the shop-door: I went to open it, and there y stood the doctor. ' Hopburn,' shid he, 'my r poor wife is gone.' Well, I did feel it.' e Jelly gave a groan by way of sympathy. 1 She was inwardly deliberating how she could ( best lead on to what she wanted to ask. But a she was never at fault long. S'I have hlieard you express distaste to some of t he things that make up your trade, Thomas Hepburn, but at least they give you the opportunity of taking last looks at peiple,' began Jolly. ' I'd have given I don't know how much out of my pockoet to have had a e farewell look at Mrs. Rane.' 'That doesn't always bring the pleasure s you might suppose,' was the answer of the o undertaker. 'Did') ou go to her ?' asked Jelly. ' No. I sent the two men : Clark and Dobson. They took. the coffin at once : the doctor had brought the measure.' 'And they screwed her down at once,' she retorted, muore eagerly than she intended to speak. 'Ay ! It was best. We did it in some other cases that died of the same.' ' Did. the men notice how she looked whether there was much change in her ,' resumed ,Jelly, in a low tone. ' Some faces are very sweet and placid after death: so n much so that one cinnot help thinking they are happy. Was Mrs. Rane's so?' SThe men didn't see her,' said Hepburn. 'Didn't see her !' 'No. The doctor managed that they should not. It was very kind of hitn. Dobson had had an awful dread all along of catching the fever; and Clark was beginning to fear it a little : Dr. Rane knew this, and said he'd not expose them to more risk than could be helped. The man carried the coffin up to the 3 ante-room, and said he would manage all the t rest.' Jolly sat with open mouth and eyes staring. The undertaker put it down to surprise, 'Medical men are used to these things, Jelly. It comes as natural to them as to us. Dr. Rbne said to Clark that he would call 1 Seeley over if he found he wanted help. I don't suppose lie would want it : she was small and light, poor young lady.' Jelly found her speech. 'Then they -Clark and Dobson-never saw her at all ! 'Not at all. She was in the far room. The door was close shut, and well covered besides with a sheet wet with disinfecting fluid. There was no danger, Dr. Rane assured them, so long as they did not go into the room where she lay. The men came away wishing other people would take these.pre cautions; but then. you see, doctors under stand things. He gave them each a glars of brandy-and- water too.' 'And-then-nobady saw her I' persisted Jelly, as if she could not get over the fact. I dare say not,' replied Thomas HIpburn. ' He must have linammered her down him self I' cried the amlazed Jelly. SIHe could do it as well as the men could. They left the nails and hammer.' ' Welli-it-it-seems dreadful work for a man to have to do for his w;fe,' observed Jelly, after a. pause, staring over Mr. Rep bulrn's Ihead into vacancy.' ' Re did violence to his own feelings out of consideration to the men,' said the undler taker. ' Did lie manage the lead coflin as well as the first one I' continued Jelly, ii a hard, sar castic tone, which she found it impossible to suppress. 'And then there was the third 'coffin, after that ?? I wont and soldered down the lead myself. The men took up the last one and made all ready.' ' Were you not afraid to run the risk?' asked Jolly, tauntingly, for she despised the man for being so unsuspicious. ' The rooms had been well disinfected then, the doctor said. Anyway, we took no harm.' That Thomas Hepburn had never discerned cause for the slightest suspicion of unfair play on the part of Dr. lMane was evident. Jolly, in her superior knowledge, could have shaken him for it. ' Vell, I must be wishling you good-evening, I suppose,' she said. 'I've left only Riiah in the house-and she's of no morial use to any body, except for company. With people dying about oneglike this, one gets to feel dull, all alone.' 'So one does,' answered the undertaker. ' Don't go yet.' Jolly had not risen. She sat looking at the fire, evidently deep in thought. Presently she turned her keen eyes on the man again. ' Thomas Hepburn, did you ever see a ghost ?' He received the question as calmly and serious ,y as though she had said, Did you ever see a fu neran ? And shook his head negatively. 'I can't say I ever saw one myself. I've known those whohavo. That is, who say and believe they have. And I'm sure I've no reason to say they haven't. One hears curious tales now and than.' ' They ate? not pleasant things to see,' remarked rJely a little dreamily. ' Vall, no; I dare say not. '.Foi* ny part, I don't put faith in ghosts,' said hearby Mrs. iopeburn, looking tiup with a laugh. 'None will ever colao near mI, I'll answever for it.. I've too.many. childrent about I me, and too much work to'do, for pastime of that sort. Ghosts come from lnothing but ner'VOus fancies.' Jolly could not contradlict this asi positively as she would have liked, so it was best to say nothing at all. Shes finally rose up to go Iiah miglhs be falling asleep with her head in the candle. And in spito of the suggested attraotions of a suppor of toasted cheese and ale, 'Jolly departed. Things had become as clear as day light to her. ' I don't so much cain now if ib does come out,' she said to herself as she hastened aloug. c 'What Thomas 'Hepburn can tell as good as proves the doctor's guilt. I know it was so. l And I wish that old Dame Gass had been a smothered before she sent me into that doubt 2 and fright, last night. I' . But the road seemed terribly lonely nowv; and Jelly more nervous than over of the shadows. 2o be continued. t;1. HIer Majesty the Queen has appointed the 't Duke of Fife, the Marquis of Salisbury, f, Baron -tersechell, Lord Carrington, Uarsn dIe us Iothschild, Sir Lyon Playfair, Sir H-enry James, the Earl of Ilosobory, and Lord St·a.8 choey, sis governors of the Imperial Institute, -.1I.I'T. the Prince of Wales, as president of the institute, Ires nmninatedMor. J ohn Morley, the Itlght lIon. i. H. Fowler, Mr. V. Lid-. derdolo (Governor of the B]ank of England), asnd the Earl of Kimberloy as governors. 