SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. THE Y.R.C. SUMMER MEETING Mr. DaMn's Flattering Handicap THE Y.A.T.C. AGAIN TO THE FOKE. A Trro-aiUe Handicap at Canlflold. The Mentone Handicap. (Bt 'Ajai.') ? ' Mei/dodkne, Monday. So far very little interest has beon taken in tbe V.R.C. Standish and Bagot Handicaps, the two leading events to be run at the New Year's Day meetings. Double event books have been openod on all sides, the prices ranging from 100 to 1 to 250 to 1, but the metallioians aro not ovorwholmed with busi ness. There is one patent faot, however, and that is that ' the publio regard Chintz as a good thing for the Bagot, for all the doubles end up with this maro. She is cortainly well trtitod with 7st 121b, for it must be remembered that she had tho same woight when she ran ttiird to Portsea and Sir William in tbo V.R.C. Handioap, the distance f\f toIiioJi in n. fn,.1/\Mii fn^flto^ f.ltnn in t.tio Bagot. Chintz had very bad hick in the event roferred to, for she was interfered with at tho turn and was knocked baok, losing at least a dozen lengths. Hor chance then seemed hopeless, but sho came again with a lato run and would have won had the distance been 100yds further. For the purposes of handicapping, she practically won this race, and while Portsoa has beon raised 81b, Chintz remains on tbo sumo mark. It must not bo overlooked, however, that Mr. Dakin haa turned out an extremoly flattering handicap, as ho only commenced with 9st 21b. Beaidcs tho stable that Chintz ia in (J. Wilson's at Qucenaoliff), is not one likely to brook any interference in the betting market. If tho people behind Chintz cannot got the cream of the market, backers of tho maro will not have much reason for congratu lation. Tho scratching pen has been used before to-day in a case of forestalling. Tho stable have Mngio Circle and Swing in the race as well, and all things considered it would bo wiso perhaps to leavo Chintz severely alone until tho post is reached. Backers havo not been ablo to fix upon any particular horso as sticking out as a good thing in tho Standish Handicap, though the Chester maro, Courteous, is a groat fancy. Courteous is not overweighted with 7st 31b, bnt she is a fretful animal, and may not run in her best form in a big fiold. Town Talk, in O'Longhlan's stable, ia also fancied. This brother of My Lord is a real gentleman to look at, but bo may not be quito ready by Now Year's Day. If woll he will take a deal of beating, and is bound to oarry a lot of Syduay money. Tho Boxing Day mectingat Caulfiold, under tho auspieces of tho V.A.T.C, ought to be a roal good ono, aa splendid ontrio3 have boon recoivad. Tho woights were issnod to-day, and Mr. Barnard, the veteran haudioappor, baa set backers a nico little task to find the various winners. The leading handicap is tho Hopetoun Cup, for which Tirailleur is top weight with 9st 31b. Clonard with S*st Sib and Tarcoola with Sat 71b read well, aud I also like Emani 8st 31b, Tantallon 8st 21b. Pro poundor 8st lib, Sainfoin 7st 101b, Tiraillerie 7st Sib, Norbort 7st 41b, and Dramatist Cst 131b. The winner will perhaps be Clonard or Tarcoola, with Tiraillerie next bost. In tho Hurdle Raco I like best the chances of Sun downer aud Duyal, in the Steeplechase Shanks' and Elton, and in the Molveru Handicap Wild Rose and Renata. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club is just now showing any amount of go. Lasb week I told you about tho decision to raiso tho steeplechase jumps, and now tho club has decided to take a step in tho right direction by instituting a. two-mile handicap race, which will be run at Caulfiold at tbo March Meeting, n.nrl will Vin +.Tift V A T f'1 nrtt,i*-i,lnt,f: fni* the V.R.C. Australian Cup. Tho stake is to be .£000. There are a good many trainers, and possibly a larger number of bookmakers, who will regard tho innovation with no friendly eye. Four or five furlong sprints are more in thoir line, bnt to all true sportsmen the decision of the V.A.T.C. Committ09 will give satisfaction. As a medium of {rambling a five f urloug race i3 no doubt admirable, and a trainer with a bad horso has a chance of scoring if his nag happens to get well away at the start, butth» whole object of racehorse breeding is not to get animals with speed only ; wo want stamina as well as speed, and such races a3 that pro posed by the V.A.T.C. should cortainly bo encouraged. Tbe event may not be a succoss right away, but I trust that the club will include it in their pro gramme from yoar to year, and edncate trainers and racing people generally up to an appreciation of something better than half mile flutters. Another experiment to be tried by the V.A.T.C. 13 a divided, or classified, handicap; on the linos of tho last Mooneo Valley Cup. To my miud, this is a stop tho advisability of which is open to question. In the Mooneo Valley ovont my impression was tbat two poor races wore mado to do duty for one good one ; but the V.A.T.C. peoplo aeom to think that the idea ia a good one, and they intend to make a trial of the principlo in connection with the Ladioa' Trophy to bo run at the June meeting. This event always attracts a big field, as many as 41 or 42 horses starting in the year The Ghost won. Mr. Donald Wallace's mnro Wilga is now at Bacchus Marsh, and tho daughter of Epigram will probably bo put to Carbine. Mr. T. Lamond, of Zetland Lodge, has sent a complimentary letter to Mr. W. Allen, of Kirk's Bazaar, extolling him for the veteri nary skill be showed in bringing round his horse Cardonoss. Racing took place at Dandonong on Thurs day. This ia ono of tho least important of the metropolitan registered meetings, and it threatens to be knocked out by the unregistered pony moetings. A feature of tho meeting was the success of tho light-weight jockey James Hayes, who rode fonr winners. This lad has now a long lead in the list of winning jockeys. Lord Plausible, by Slanderer Jointress, and consequently a full brother to Abnso, won a double, the Hastings Handicap (l! fnrlongs) and the Dandenong Handicap (1 mile). Owing to an inadvertence in pre paring the conditions, no provision was mado for penalties, and Lord Plausible therefore only had to carry hU handioap weight in the second event. The Selling Hurdle Race went to Quaok (by The Ace), and the Selling Flat Race to Lady Roseborry. The Fryingpan gelding Lucius was successful in tbo Gallo way race, and Brown Boss, a daughter of Bras-de-For and Rags, pulled off tboLynd hurst Handicap. There is some talk of reducing tho prizes of tho big evouts at Flemington next season. One or two mombei's of the V.R.C. committee havo always k«en averse to tho high Btakes. Unseasonable weather provailed on Satur day, and the Mentone Meeting was brought off under rather .unfavorable auspices, heavy rain falling at intervals during the afternoon. The racing was fairly good, and baokors had a fair share of luck. A poor commencement wag, however, made in tho Sellins Hurdle Race, Banglo and Stampede, the favorites, running badly. Tho race fell to Esmond, who Brewer. The Flying Handicap brought out a field of 18, with Mr. Morris Jacobs' golding, Tho Bud (7st 31b) favorite at 3 to 1. ? The race was run in a shower of rain. The Bud got tho -boat of the start and remained in front all the way, winning rather easily from Red Cross, 7st 121b, with Olive, Tat 51b, in third place. Punters came to grief over the Soiling- Saco, aa Julian Gray, on whom odds ?' 2 to 1 wore laid, was badly beaten by Primroso, the winner afterwards boing sold to Mr. Morris Jacoba for ISO sovs. Julian Gray has been recently winning all tbe races on hard ({round and he did not seem to like tho soft going on Saturday at all. Primrose also had an advaa ta-ro in having light pUtos on. Tho concluding event, tho Mentone Handi cap, brought out a fair field, with tho New Zealand bred Alcinoua, 7st 71b, most in request. Dramatist, 7st 41b, also being-well supported. Alcinous made nearly all the running and won after a good sot-to by a neck from Leona, who finished gamely, whilo Dramatist filled third placa. 