WIT AND HUMOUR. *» INFLUENZA OH OUTFLUENZA. A ‘Recruit,was brought up for medical in spection, aud tho doctor asked him : “ Have you any defects V”. “Yes, sir, I am short-sighted.” “ How can you prove it ?” “ Easily, enough, doctor. Do you seo that nail up youdor in the wall ?” “Yes.” “Well, I don't.” A correspondent wants to know how long oolslivo? About the same timo as short ools, wo suppose. . A Divorcb Coart that could separate a man and hta bad habits ought to Had work to do all the year round. Tub grammar-school girl at tho hoarding house may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A younglady attending a,party should haven fotnalo chaperon until sho is able to call some other chap hor own. “ Do you play the' banjo?” “Not when thero aro any people round.” “ Why not?” “ They won’t let mo." Tub coming women will not marry until she is able to support a husbaud in tho stylo sho has boon-accustomed to at home. ’ 41 She has hor father's eyes,” said Chappio admiriugly. “Yes,” snoored Miss Jeflus, “and I suspect she is wearing her mother's ! “ Sea-sickness ” says nmodern wit, “ is liko a belief in ghosts; no ouo will admit that it troubles him, but evfiryona has misgivings on tho subject,” “Bridget, 1 cannot allow you to receive your lover in tho kitchen any lougor.” “It's very kind of you, ma'am, butho is almost too bashful to como into tho parlour.” 1 “Tiinmoat gracofulof domestic animals is tho cat, while the most awkward bird is tho duck,” says an obsorvor of nature; but it won't do to uso theso facts for a basis if you want to call n woman pot names. Tommy passed tho.parlour door just as his \- sister and her lovor.wero concluding a confer ence about something, overhearing tho remark “ will put our hoads together aud seo what wo can do.” Entering tho library ho hoard his father remark of tho spooning pair, “Thoy'ro a crack-brained couple anyway.” “ Guess they’re all mended now, pop,” said Tommy, “ causo X juBt heard cm' say thoy'd put their heads togother.’’ Doctor: “My dear Mrs. Quivorful, how could you bring out a young child on such a day ns this? It’s lifteon degrees below freezing.” Mrs. Quiverful: “ Ah, doctor, you will always have your joke. How can a. child of this ago possibly know anything about tho thermometer V” IN THE DARK. Tho hall was dark. I heard The rustlo of a skirt. “ Ha, ha!” thought I, “ I’ll catch You now, iny little ilirt.” Softly I sallied forth, Resolved, when I had kissed hor, That I'd make her believe I’d thought it was my sister. The deed was dono. Oh, bliss! Could any man resist UcrV Apology was made— Alas l it was my sister! After the Waltz.—The Gallant: “Really, I am intoxicated with your beauty.” The Frank Girl: “Is that it? Mamma said she thought it was tho champngnc.” A Quiet Instrument.—“There,” said tho toy roan to Billie's father, “that drum’s tho finestiu tho markot. Itcan't bo beat.” “I’ll take it. A drum that can’t bo beat is just tho thing for my boy.” , Nor Yet Desperate^—Middle-aged Spinster (as tramp comos into tho yard): “What do you want hero—anything to eat?” Tramp: “What olso should I want, madam ? Did you think Icamo to offer a*propostd of marriage?” He Was Included.—Dora: “I do adoro dogs.” Van Wind: “Aw, how lovely for rue.” “ Why-how so ?” 1 “ The chappies nil say I’m such a deuced clovah dog, don't you Carried Our Instructions.—Mamma: “Johnny, see that you give Ethel the lion's share of that orange/' Johnuy: “Yes, ma." Ethel: “Mamma, ho hasn’t given me. any,'J Jobuny: “ Wall, that’s all right. Lions don't eat ornuges." Pleasant for Auntie.—Aunt Hepzibah: “What a pretty gown you bavo on, Amanda!" Amanda (just from the City): “I knew*you would Iiko it, auntio. It's horribly vulgar and out of style at homo, but I told mamma it would bo all right for the country. Lovely day, isn’t it?" Harry (at the ball): “You look bored and tired, old man." Jack : “ Well, who wouldn’t. I’vo been swiuging dumb belles all the evening." Miss van Dyke: “Don’t you danco atall, Mr.de Wittr’ Tom de Witt: “No. I h never loomed how." MiesvanDyko: “Thutra nothing; lots of inou dance tfho have never learned how.” At a fancy-dress balLono ovoniug, Diggs met a lady of his acquaintance most suporucially attired in green gauze cut very dtoolotce. “ What a beautiful costumo. May I ask what you represent?" “I am Amphitrite," replied the lady. .“Ah, yes, the goddess of the sea. I see—at low tide, I suppose?" Mrs. Gayboy (severely): “What time did you got homo last night r" Gayboy (cautiously) : “Oh, a littlo after dark.*5 Mrs, Gayboy: “ After dark? Why, it was daylight when you carao in." Gayboy: “Well, isn’t that after dark?" Every one lias his prico, but brides are given HE WASN'T TAKING CHANCES. The iron lnrso like lightning sped, O’er hill aud valloy swiftly fled; A couple, handsome and well-bred, Sat calmly reading side by side. The lady was surpassing fair, The gallant knight was debonair, Theirs was the blitho and buoyant air Of youth aud loveliuess and prido. Then darkness came with ebon hue— A tunnel they were passing through; (A better cWnco not oft appears). Though pitchy darkness thou they Hew Oh, golden opportunity! But did ho steal a kiss ? Not ho, Oh. no; tho reason was, you eeo They had boen married several years! 