THURSDAY ISLAND. PUBLIC MEETING ON PEARL ! SHELLING BILL. By Electric Telegraph.! ' Thursday Island, Thursday. , A public- meeting was hold last night in! the School of Arts to consider tho Pearl Fishing Bill. Tlio meeting wns' poorly ntteuded. Mr. Frank Summers presided. Tho c'ausos of tho Bill woro considered 'seriatim and it wa3 agreed th it all amend ment desired should bo wired to Mr. John Hamilton, M.L.A., by tho Vigilance Com mittee. The third paragraph oi1u30 12 wsis opposed as compelling nil dingies and gigs to bo iiconsod. Clause 4 was doomed obnoxious and harassing, and the chairman described it as law worse than any that tlio Czar of Russia would enforce. Clause C was luuoh discussed, bub no opposition thereto was decided upon. Clause (1, in tho 37th line, oauscd strong opposition as it was not, considered dolloito enough, and tho speakers considered that it would allow the Inspector to examine nil privnto documents. It was finally agreed to with tlio exception stated. Clause 7 was opposed by tho Chairmau and Mr. Kolly, bub was ovontunlly accepted. Clause 8 was strongly opposed by - Messrs. Smith and Kerr, supported by Mr. Bowden and tho Chairman, nnd it wns. re solved that it should he amended so that the onus of inspection should bo upon-the In spector, and not upon tho owner of tho boat. Clauses 0. 10 and 11 woro agreed to, the latter with marks of approval. ' ''Clau80 'i2 caused a determined, opposition, .tho feeling, of : the meeting being very Btrong against giving notice nnd probably waiting for tho irispeotor. K was thought that tho latter should be ompoworcd to. inspect at any time aud if necessary open cases for examination. Mr. Smith, on liohalf of the floating stittioos,' made a strong protest to pnckiQg on land. Tho clause wns eventually ngr'eed to, with" Mr. Smith's objeetion noted. Clauso 13 was not opposed in any way, except so far as it concerns beche tie mcr which the Chairman argued, . propagated in deep water and then resorted to shallow pi icee. Re clause 14, it was agreoJ to nsk that tho license he increased. to F50, with an amendment so that the liceusee can sell to any unlicensed person. All the other clauses wore agreed to without discussion. When the Inst clause was finished, n resident named, Fleming addressed the mooting at great length, asserting that tlio colored men were being victimised wholesale on some of- tho stations through the slop chest, which should not be allowod, as after a long service they left their employment penniless. The speaker instanced ono man who Borved two years, and then was £10 in debt , to tho master. He doprceatod the encour agement of floating large stations, and contended that tlioir profits, both from shell nnd storos went out of tho colony in stead of locally. To ndvanco tho interests of the place he advocated that the men should be paid oft in cash, nnd conclndod by moviog tho following resolution : — " That in tho opinion of this meeting it is earnestly desired that tho men. employed in floating stations and other boats bo paid wages in oasli at the Cus tom Houso as tho presoht system of. paying thorn through tho " Slop Ghost" is against the advancement of this place, and that the- Government bo requested to give effect to this wish by inserting a clause in the Pearl Shell Bill now' before Parliament." ' The motion was duly sccondod, and onbeingput wa3 doolurod duly carried, only: throe voting against. 