AMUSEMENTS, PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— THE YEOMEN OF THE GUAUD. Another crowded audience assembled 011 Saturday evening when the above opera — tho penultimate of tho Gitbort-Sultivan sorics — wAh revived at the Princess's Theatre for a brief period of fivo nights. Those who aro familiar with tho way in which things aro dono at this theatro will not need to bo assured that there is lubuiug iu me prouueuon suggestive ot a snore run ; in fact tho same pains and trouble have evidently been lavished upon tho Yeomen as it tho work wero destinod to hold tho stage for many wocks. Tho house was most enthusiastic, and not Only demanded cnaorcs in a fashion soinowhat too pciaistent, but showed approval in n more legitimate way by means of a call nt tho end of each not. The Elsie Maynard of Miss Flora Graupuer is from every point of view deserving of praise. She sings tho music tastefully, acts with graco and charm of manner, and looks the part to perfection ; hor one solo, Though Tear and Long Drawn Sigh, hnd to be repeated, and she was of oonpicuou8 servico in tho concerted numbers. Miss Vlolot Vnrley made a fascinating Pluobe, her acting being always animated and appropriate, while she sang the musio of the part so efficiently that she was called upon to repeat most of it. This remark applies to hdr opening solo, Whon Maiden Loves, and tho song Were 1 Thy Bride, while the trio in the second not came in for a similar mark of favor. At tho same time, while duly recognising the ability she displays in thus grappling with n contralto part, it should be once more pointed out that tho quality of her voico is nob un likely to bo permanently injured if tho plan of giving her unsuitable music to sing bo porsintcd in. Miss Elsio Cameron is ngain admirable as Dame CarruthcrH, and tho management muRfc bo considered fortunate in being ablo to command tho services of a lady so eminently qualified to play parts of this natiuu. Her solo, When Our Gallant Norman Foes, was a clover and artiatio piece of vocalisn- tiou, and her full, rich contralto voico told out with groat cffcot in the concerted picoes. Tho small part of Kate, as before, found an efficient exponent in Miss MayPoilard. Mr. Elton's Jack Point is otic of his vory finest impersonations, and 110 better proof could bo afforded of the wide rango nud versatility of his talent than that he should on one cvouing convulso tho house by bin schoolboy antics as Joe Bumpus and on the next move his bcarors well nigh to tears by the wonderful pathos I10 infuses into the closing scene of the Yeomen. His whole performance as the 44 merryman " is a finished and perfect pieco of noting, but at tho oud of the opora his previous efforts are thrown into the shade ; and whilo anything like a critical notice of so well known a character would be superfluous it is impossible to with hold from him the above tributo of praise. At the conclusion of the play the curtain had to be raised again in response to vehement demands, and the greeting than bestowed upon Mr. Elton gave conclusive testimony to tho ndmiratiou ho had so deservedly aroused. Mr. H. Bracy has not hitherto appeared hero as Colonel Fairfax. He plays the part quietly and well, and sings conscientiously, his first solo being encored. Mr. Howard Vernon repeated his capable impersonation of the gaoler, Wilfred Shadbolt, a part which, though it differs widely from the lines of those he usually undertakes, he makes lifelike, and even amusing, by its very repulsivencss. The cleverly written duct for "Wilfred aud Point, Like a Ghost his Vigil Keeping, was rcdemunded ; and in the scene whore Phoebe wheedles liim out of his keys tho gaoler's acting was cleverly conceived and not overdone. Mr. Charles Ryloy is dignified as. Sergeant Meryl), and it need not be said that he is fully equal to tho demands made upon his vocal powers. Mr. T. Grundy does well as Sir Richard,- and Mr. W. Rosevcar is an efficient Leonard, while tho minor characters are in capable hands. The charming madrigal, Strange Adventure, had to be sung over ngain, though in the second verse the pitch was not quite truly sustained. The chorus and orchestra wero quite up to the mark, and the performance as a whole proved both enjoyablo and entertaining. Tho Yeomen will bo repeated every evening until Thursday. 