::B©N.V!Gt: DAYS..I ■ i VAN PIEMAN’S LAND. I TllUE CHRONICLES; [ah, KIGin'S KESEUVED.} No. 0. TIII5 GHOST or dkadman’s isle. It haB been said that British. History is enshrined in Westminster Abbey end Saint Pauls. Tho great men, who deep beneath., th&ir; marble tablets in these venerable structures, are intellectual stepping atones;' which lead the student along the; road, of knowledge. : A burial ground, under any circumstances —whether in the twilight glouni'of Gothio architecture, or under the tropical tun iii il limitable dcaerts—must always possess a history more or less important. What strange and pathetically true stories I could ba written of almost any cemetery,' but there are sorno that stand out, Mont Blano-like, above the common-place God’s Aores in the interest which attaches to them. One of such is Headman's Isle—the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. The small isle is appropriately mimed, and the beauty of tho spot could not. be surpassed anywhere in the world. It Coats like-on oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance from the shore. AU around the giant cliffs seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently storm-tossed Southern Ocean. Standing on the beach of Port Arthur, with the great prison irowr.irg behind him, the spectator cannot htlp contracting the emerald gem, with its beauty and peace, with tho rugged aspect of both nature and humanity at his back. Since 1S31 Headman's Isle has hcjcn.ihc prison burial-place, and raccy strange chapters could bo written, regarding those . Who have theta''found .-their, last rcsthtg-j. place on earth. Tea grave has closed over many a Iranian tiger,'and instances'are not wanting .where .ilinocont rani Tca-ve .met a; felon’s ignominious end,r.ud bocndmd'on the islet. It is a convict Wentcfkfijtl? .Abbey, and though one has to read a life’s bisTory by . a number, and not by a namo, tbopr!Soh..re cords aro ample to do eo. ..'•••• Daring the latter hair of 1831, this island *. cemetery, then bosstiug.of very few mounds .j indeed, was the scene of a weird event,.-and j one which for sis month!1- fairly puzzled ' she convict authorities at Hobart Tdvsit ami 5 Port Arthur. Under the title of .-the' Ghost j of .Headman’s Isle, this extraordinary j ohronicl6 will bo told. i Oa the 13;h of March, 1810, at the L:-od's ; assizes, a man, who gave kVa name r.u Hubert | Penfold, and his ags as thirty-five, was ! charged with inciting a mutiny on the high j seas. He had been an able eenmau, and | possessed great infiusnea^ over his ehip- j . mates. The vessel ho was on :board wee I ostensibly a small merchxntmnti, but in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling j spirits, tobacco and various other .articles-! from France and Holland to England. The captain was a bounceable rulliin. and though he waa amassing a fortune by his illicit prac tices, tho soamcD, who ran most risk, got little for their trouble. . Penfold was particularly obnoxious to the skipper, but as he was able to rend r.ud write (qualifications not to be despised in the be ginning of the century), and was also a good Beaman, Captain Tremayne used him in his various transactions, and concealed his ’ dislike. The msn were no lovers cf the captain, and at last they decided to put him u3.h0.re on a ....—rotara-voyage and run'away with the lugger. - Penfold to be lender. Treaoliery discovered tho plot to Tremayne, and he speedily denounced Penfold to tho authorities. By a judicious system of pre sents to influentialpeople around Hull, the captain had for years snccecded in quietly . carrying on his- smuggling operations, and this influence-stood him in good need when ’ the trial of I’eufold came off. The wily ] skipper had got most of the crew on his side, : by insisting that. Penfold alone'was re- ' Bponsiblo for' the intended mutiny, and ‘ three of them gave evidence against him. ; '.Thoresnlt of tha.trial wr.3 that the sailor was sentenced to transportation to Van Pieman's 1 Land “for the term o' his natural life-.” In 1 the beginning of 1811 lie reached llisdon (Hobart Town afterwards), aud started his hopeless servitude. ! For a weary eighteen years he worked in : misery at tho convict settlement, but on the morning ot the 22ad of April, 13*21), ha waa • found to bs missing. No one had the 1 slightest idea of how ho escaped, but 1 treaoliery was suspected, as, without help 1 from an official, it was impossible that the j ; “ liter" could have got away in so mysterious 1 :n manner. The gaol employees were most j carefully examined, hut no biamo could be ' brought home to them. '■ ’ The usual routine of thepenal station hnd i been slightly disturbed a week previously, by the arrival of a convict ship with a largo • number of transpertees, and this fact must ( have aided Penfold in his escape. The usual perfunctory search was made for him, but I withont success, aud ns time rolled on and ha i did not return to Hobart Town, it waa ■ generally concluded that he had perished in , the inhospitable forests, in which he would ( soak shelter from his ;pursuers. Some few , persons thought that Penfold might have ! escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, but, dead , or alive, he was not again eeen at Hobart : Town, and he was gradually forgotten, and another felon lock his number. The growing population of free people in Hobart Town suggested tho necessity of re moving the convict prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly after tho escape of Penfold, took step3 to do so, selecting Tasman’s \- Pauinsuia as tho most suitable place to erect the now gaol ot Port Arthur. The construc tion oi suoh s n extensive prison occupied a , considerable time, but at the end ot 1S33 it was ready for occupation, end henceforward was the great convict centre of Van Hieman’s The mortality amongst the prisoners from ordinnry sickness woe vriy high, and with the executions and tho ordinary death rate of the guards, tho cemetery of BEadmatVa Isle was epeedily put into use. , The islet hod been frequently visited by excursionists from Hobart Town and others, no that the prison authorities regarded it as & matter of course that it should not appear as an uninhabited island. ■ Almost daily the prison offioials visited the place, and the Establishment of tho gaol on tho peninsula had the effect of bringing a greatly increased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it aud Hobart Town was instituted, hut now that tha lovely islet had been set apart far burial purposes few ^persona landed on it, unless they bad business to perform. Cemeteries are not the most cheerful places, end when one gets tho reputation of being haunted, when it is broadly stated that one or rncreaf the defunot residents in the Silent City have taken a notion to “ walk,” it is still more avoided, During the month of September, 183-1, such on awesome reputation was beginning to at tach itself to Headmen’s Isle. It was whis pered around that a ghost had been reen there, and enperetitious people ebook their heads in a knowing manner, as they asked was it any wonder that such a droad spot should bs haunted. Already thirteen graves were en the irle. of which eleven were those of murderers, who had beon hanged for their crimes, and one of the remaining three was that of the blackest vHlian who bad ever been formed in the ehapa of man. He was burglar, mur derer and cannibal, but ho had escaped the gallows by dying by his own hBnd. It must be this suicide (Engelharat), whose unquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the mor- - tuary island, so thought many of those who believed in the supernatural. The first rumor that a spirit had its abode on tho ielet, waB started by a queer oircum. stanco that happened on tho evening of tho 6th September. It appears that Corporal i i 1 t 2 1 i i v t ti i l fi ti li h ti tl ti D te IleSernan, with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date for the purpose of dig ging a.grnve, eb an execution waa to take place next morning. It wbb a mere whim ol the party to dig the grave at night. It wbb a bright moonlight evening, and the corporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do tho work under the beams o£ the moon than to wait for the rising sun, and he obtained permission to carry out his wish. The spot where they had to dig tho tomb of a then living man was on theBouth- eaet side of the isle, and close to the beach? This was the most exposed part, and the unceasing action' of the ocean had worn the clifla into eiiiingo and fantastic shapes. :. The fonr men began their work with many a. cruel jest regarding it, and the ultimate ■ fate'b'I the death-doomed man, for whom it intended, when lleffernno, who was standing with a shovel in his hand, suddenly uttered a stilled exclamation of terrified tur 'price, as ho pointed, with outstretched arms, ih-the direction of the rock close to them. . His companions’gaze followed tho direc • tion he pointed, and there in front of them, \- :BUnding apparently on the edge of tho cliff, was the clearly outlined figure ot a man, but not such a man as any the corporal and his comrades knew. He mu»t surely belong to ' a prehistoric day. 'I'o that time when the Bible say 8 “ there were giants in those daye,” for ha nppeared to them as the Brobdignag did to Gulliver. This mnet bo a human monster they. looked on, for it was, at least, thirty feet high, Rnd gigamia in proportion. Heffernan waa as brave as most men—indeed, braver than most, for he was considered tho dare-devil of his regiment—but this colossal apparition altogether unnerved him. For the life of him he could not take his eyes away from the figure, but as he and tho soldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainter, and a*, last it vanished completely. "Slcteilul Gad,” said the corpora), as he wiped the perBpiratiou from his face, “ that wa3 nothing mortal. I oonld see the stars shining through its body.” “ So did I. Hadn't wo better get baek. I’m not -fit to work to-night,” answerod a They were all of the same mind in that . respect, for an Irishman is peculiarly sus ceptible (O'superstitious-fear.. He willohatge .a battery o£ artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and .ho will refuse in. Hefternah'.and hio comrades, with many a frightened glance backward, soon reached ■_ their boat, end-were speedily ot the gaoh •i where they tola of their strange advon j ture. t Koxt morning they accompanied the i superintendent to the spot where they had j seen the apparition, but there was not the i least sigh to show that either a material or ■ an othertal body had besn there. In faat, if 1 Heffernan had observed what he stated, it | must have been a phantom, for no human j being could have stood in such a place, as it I waa simply a precipice where two cliffs had I been renr, or worn in twain. I j The soldiers were badly rallied by their I comrades on tbeir faculty of second sight, I but all the jokes they listened to ctid not i shake their belief that a ghost had ehowc it j sell to them. Eight days afterwards their j story received a strong corroboration, wbioh caused tlio authorities to take steps to eluci date the mystery. O.a the 13th of September, Lieutenant French, with two other sub-officers, went oat in a beat from Port Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fino, and as they met with luok, they did not take notice of the (light ot time. It was after midnight as they rowed into Port Arthur, and as they (touted under the shadow of Headman's Isle they decided to “make a night of it,” by continuing tbeir piscatory pursuit. They stopped almost under the shadow of the .£outn.^aotem cliffs, and continued their fish ing. The muon had .only half-au-hour perviou3ly, but it was already throwing a soft light around. Tho night was unusually calm, and the sea seemed phoEpherisod by tho myriads of fish which were darting I about. Lieutenant French was looking, in a klcepy way, at the shafts of greenish light that thjg motion of tho fish produced, when, happening to raise his eyes to tho tinted cliffs, ho was startled to see tho gigantio figure that had so frightened Corporal Hef ferhon and his companions eight days before. It was undoubtedly tho form of a man, but undeniably not material, for objects could be seen clearly through it. Tho three officers looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each Easv it distinctly, so that it oould not be the result of disordered imagination. 'French, though awestruck, was not super stitious, and, whispering to his companions, he seized an car, and pulled towards the ciili to obtain a better view. The figure re mained motionless as they approached, and the heuienaut wus able to eee that along beard tc-ii from its chin. Tte dress, ns well as ho could judge, was the same bb that worn by the ordinary settlers, and tho ghost did not appear—it those outward signs might be depended on—to bo that of a eonviot. In fact, the appearance—with long, ap parently white, beard, and peculiar- looking (nothing—might well have passed as a gigantic Bruid priest: and tho surrounding eaves and chasiuE and awe-striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place for exponents of that most cruel and mysterious creed that was once tho great national reli gion of the Ancient Britons; and the colossal figure would have been a splendid specimen of one of tbeir highest high priests in his robes of office. Ab the officers looked, with strained eyes, the phan tom gradually reoeded, andvanisL.d as it had previously done. “There is^eome mystery here,” spoke French, in a low voice. “ I don't believe in ghoete, yet that fignro must be supernatural. I suppose we will be laughed at, the same as Hellernon and his fellows have been, when we tell what we havo seen, but tho three of ns could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report of it to the superintendent as soon aB we land.’.’ “ What can it be ?” asked one ot hie com panion?, with a slight shiver. “ Ever sinoe I came to this oureed land 1 have been seeing and hearing enough to make a man’s blood run cold. It’s bad enough to ho attending bangings and floggings nearly every day, but this supernatural mystery is worse than ten years of that work.” “I think wo ought to make for the settle ment," replied the third oliicer. “ If we Btay here, we may have a return of our unwelcome visitant.” This was readily agreed to, and within ball-an-bourthey were admitted to the outer urison-jard, where they saw Corporal Hef fernsn on duty. They acquainted that personago of the incident that had befallen them, and then the soldier broke the grave silenea with the following sage observa* “Gentlemen, it’s a ghost, sure enough. It’s uo use saying there ain't no sech things. I've heard the Banshee cry myself, and my father (God rest his soul) once saw a ghoEt in the churchyard of Malahidc. It’ll con tinue to wander until it’s ‘ laid,’ or until the secret it poseesecs is found out by some “ Laid,” eehced French. ” How oan it bo ‘laid’?” “ It's only a holy man that can do that seme, air,” entwertd tho corporal, senten The probability of finding a " holy man " f.t 1’ert Arthur wa3 so very remote, that the lieutenant end his comrades, with a slight smile on their lips at the soldier’s credulity, let: him for their quarters, feeling that the s.hade would probably wander for a long time, if Heffernan’s panacea was the only ona that would quieten the perturbed spirit, and yet the mystery was to be solved in a few “ Laying the Phantom ” will be the title of ■ next week’s Conviot Chroniolee. It will con tinue the Btrange myetery of the “ Ghost of ^ Deadman’s Iele,” and will give some strange j and startling revelations ol a unique eherae- i ter. ' 