"A FEW WORDS ABOUT THE COLONIES." This was the title of a lecture delivered by Mr. J. U. Sheridan before the Australian Natives' Association on Monday evening. The lecturer gave humorous criticisms of the dif ferent Australasian cities and their inhabi tants. In his comments on South Australia he said that, geographically speaking, the pro vince was bounded on the north by an income tax, on the south by the single tax, on the east by some stolen property, and on the west by the greatest force in nature—a vacuum. It was expected that some months would pass before _ men - of - war would be seen at anchor in the placid waters of the Torrens. The Adelaide natives were harmless and peaceable. They were not all black. Some were not so black as they were painted. There were several painters in Ade laide, but there was one painter Adelaide would never want to cut. Adelaide possessed some knights. Adelaide nights ten months in the year wero charming. They were some times apt to be cold—perhaps because of the title and wearing big boots. With a view to centralization the Adelaide man had placed his Lunatic Asylum at one end of North-terrace, his Parliament House at the other, and the. Destitute Asylum in the middle. A few Ade laide men had a liking for taking care of their own property. A few others thought this was wrong. Most, however, did not like their own property interfered with. The consequence was that there was less poverty in Adelaide than in any other city in the world, and there were very few larrikins. After touching lightly upon political movements, the lecturer recommended the following among other "books," to the rising political econo mist:—"On the Fallacy that Two and Two are Four," Adam Smith; " The Advantages of Poverty," by W. K. Simms; "An ex-At torney-General on the Law of Riot;" "Day Dreams," Bellamy;" Anarchical Institutions," Herbert Spencer; "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow,"Henry George; "The Just Principles of Taxation," by the Other Man; "Dis tress in Birks-street," by a Single-Taxer; "Natural Rights," by a Trigamist; "True Happiness," by a Socialist; "Evolutionary TT-mmmnft11 \» an Olrl Pnlitlmftn: "Tnnav Enigmas," by an Old Politician; "Topsy Turveydom," by an Inverted Saint; Nancy Lee, "On Woman Suffrage"; "Political Fallacies," by an Artful Dodger; " Prisons I ought to have Seen," by a Modern Economist. The lecturer said that as one with forty-two years' legal experience he wished to say a word or two on the administration of justice and the qualifications of those who assisted in the administration of justice and prac tised the profession of the law. At present the necessity of a three years' University course or a five years' service under Articles, during which the legal aspirant could do no manner of work apart from legal studies except work connected with journalism or teaching, acted as a potent bar to boys who under other auspices might become some of our moBt gifted jurists and legislators. In America, through the freedom with which the gates of the profession were open to all competent persons, were found a Lincoln and a Garfield occupying the highest post in one of the most powerful nations on this globe. These men rose from the humblest ranks— What chance of becoming a member of the legal profession, and thus gaining a stepping stone to honour and fame, would those men ; have had in these colonies? What chance was there hero for a poor man's son, with the embryo talents of a St. Leonards or an Erskiue, becoming even a practising barrister or solicitor? He would say throw down the barriers to the industry aud talents of a poor j but gifted hoy, who, if allowed, might rival a [ Brougham—that "(lame of omniscience"—or a I Jessel. Many lawyers were inferior advo ' cates; many laymen were splendid advocates. The public were entitled to the widest range of choice, and would be quick to discern and employ the fittest man if the choice was open. The simple operation of the law of natural selection would soon obliterate the man who was unlit to practise the profes sion. Sir George Grey had courteously ! favoured him with a copy of the Law Prac tilioneis Bill whieh ho had introduced, and which was now before the New Zealand Par i liainent. It enacted—"That every male person of the full age of twenty-one years, of whose good fame and reputation and of whose learning in the law any one or more of the Judges of the Supreme Court shall be satisfied, shall be entitled to be admitted i as r. barrister and solicitor of the said Court and generally to the practice of the law and to all the rights and privileges thereof, and to be enrolled as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court." Why should not South Australia do likewise? In some Continental countries tribunals of commerce were constituted wholly of mercantile Judges, who really were the counterparts of our J. P.'b when sitting in our Local Courts. The jurisdiction of these tribunals was unlimited by any consideration of amount. Tbey gave entire satisfaction, and administered justice simply, speedily, and cheaply. In these CourtB even the agents of the parties could appear as of right aud conduct causes. In the administration of justice the legal element was thus mini, mixed, and the lay element, representing I intelligence and common sense, preponde rated, and, beet of all, the community was satisfied. In all English-speaking commu nities the legal mind {if any such these he) was rapidly discarding preoedent and adopting principles. We were swiftly coming to the oode period of legal history, having discovered the nollowness of that reliance upon preoe dent, which had as much substanti ality as the dock - lane ghost. We viewed with mingled feelings of sorrow and disgust those innumerable volumes of law reports, the cases in which might fairly be said to represent so many squandered for tunes or wasted lives. He asked them to aid in this great work of reform, so that the Courts of law might no longer be a terror to the honest man or a protection to the wealthy rogue. We in South Australia had been the leaders in real property law reform, in which we were ahead of any nation in the world. He urged them to carry their ideas onward, and devote at least some time in for mulating a system for the administration of broad justioe (not narrow law), bo that the poorest man might approach the Court with confidence, and if honest, with hope, un deterred by the bugbears of delay, complexity, and expense. A discussion followed the address, and Mr. Sheridan was awarded a hearty vote of thanks. 