Political and Social Notes. (Bx S. C.] BOMB of the supportera of the Ministry who repre- sent metropolitan constituencies Have been badly handled by the electors during the past month or two, but Mr. W. STEPHEN has been sat upon more severely than any of tho others. Last night he addressed a crowded meeting at Redfern, and tho result was that he was metaphorically smashed. Ho had not half a doren frionds in tho room. When the motion of confidence in him waa put, not a Bout voted for it. Then a gentleman rose np to move an adverse amendment, bnt the chairman, a person who unsuccessfully contested Redfern some time ago in the Free-trade interest, tried to prevent him. The crowd, however, soon put the ohairman to rights : the amendment was moved and seoonded, and then put. Every hand in the building with tho exception of three was held up in its Bupport. Suoh a complete condemnation no . member of Parliament has received for many years. I cannot oonoeive that after suoh an; expression of opinion, Mr. Stephen will have the ghost of a ohanoe of being returned at the general election. . IT ls stated in the morning papers that Mr, Ewixu, M.L.A., waa presented yesterday by a number of his constituents with a bank draft for £50 because of servirles rendered in his politioal eapacity to the Riohmond River district Should Mr, Ewing have accepted this money ? In oonneotion with the caso heard in Bathurst the other day, in which Mr, TONKIN was the defendant, and whioh resulted in his boing ordered by the court to disgorgo £200 he had received from an individual, now deceased, in the East Macquarie eleotorate, the presiding Judge made somo strong remarks on the matter of politicians aooepting money from any of their con- stituents for services rendered in Parliament. Mr. Ewing certainly oomes under the condemnation expressed by the judge on that oooasion ; nt least, it seems to me that he does. Now that payment of members is the law, no member of Parliament should bB allowed to aooept pcouniary testimonials from any of his politioal supporters, or from any- body else, for services rendered by him as a politi- cian. I hope the oonduot of Mr. Ewing and Mr. Tonkin will form the subject of Parliamentary inquiry. YESTEBDAY evening Mr. BURNS addressed his con- stituents, and, strange'to say, he-ohoso Manly as tho plaoe wherein to deliver hisspeeoh, Tho infer- ence is that he was afraid to speak at St. Leonards, whioh ia the most thiokly populated portion of his eleotorate.1 That he would have got a rough reception if he had attempted to discourse in St. Leonards ia almost oertain, for he is not popular with the work- ing men, and there aro numbers of that class in the locality.. His speech was not of great importanoo ; he expressed the opinion; that the Federation Bill was a fine piece of work and a thoroughly radical measure, but nevertheless he thinks it requires amonding in somo plaoBa. He oonürmod the state- ments made somo time ago that the Treasury is empty, and that the offeot of Mr. M'MIIAAN'S action in going to the banks for money to oarry on the publia works, will bo to hamper; tho operations of persons engaged in bntinoss. Mr.. Burna does not expect that a dissolution of Parliament will take place until early, next year, and ho is in favour of tho Local Government Bill, the 'Licensing Bill, and other measures being proceeded with, this ses- sion. No doubt ho would be glad it his desires could be gratified, for he does not hold a safe seat, and thorbfore docs not want a general oleotioni to take placo for along, time.to come, i- It was through Sir riENlir PABKES' influenoe he was returned for Sb. Leonards two years ago ; but the influenoe of the Premier will not. help him, much at tho next genoral eleotion. Sir, Henry will havo his work out out to look: after himself. : . ;, ; ' 1 ; IT is now protty oertain that tho'Government ^¡11 take no responsibility whon Parliament meets in connection with the Fédération Bill; " It has boen deoided that Federation shall be an open question.. But Slr HENBY PAMCifS will have to assume somo sort of responsibility. ' ' Ho will have to make somo kind of a proposition ; ho will havo to'soy whether the Bill shall bo 'disoussed and amended by'tho Parliament or sent on to tho constituencies. Either oourso will bo attended with danger, and nono of his oolloagucB will bo sorry if ho gets into trouble over tho; affair. If Ministers believed that; the Bill was popular they would father it without a moment's hes'tjtion ; their oonduot in relation thereto proves thoreforo that thoy are convinced it is foredoomed, ...!?..:?,.?? '?:" .>'':i';:- .!>.. THE funeral of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON,on Sunday was a most impressive sight.' ' The" w'óathor was lovely and the route of tho procession for two miles from tho Circular Quay was lined with orowds of1 people. Tho funeral took exactly an hour to pass the General Post Office ; that'will give your readers a fair idea of its length, Greater respect for thc memory of tho deceased statesman could not have been shown. This week a meoting is to be hold for the purpose of considering the question of erecting a monument to him ; that it will be successful may bo almost taken for granted, Sir John Robertson1 ia one of the Australian statesmen who will livo for generations, and ho will do so because he freely gavo the beat years of his lifo for the welfare of tho people. " / ' " THE two mail steamers that started from Sydnoy within tho ' last few days took away £160,000 sovereigns; this is only a small proportion of tho number that haa boon sent to England since tho beginning of the year. - The. money will, of oourso, appear in tho list of export! that will bo prepared at tho oloBe of the year, and1 by Free-traders it will be roferrcd to as if it were ordinary produce. The figures relating to the exports and importa of New South Wales look well, and many people who read them wonder that the country ia not in a condi- tion of wonderful prosperity ; when the figuroB are carefully analysed, however, tho mystory dis- appears. There aro somo people who believo that we do not injure ourselves when wo pay hard oash instead of goods for millions worth of tho com- modities we import'; but thoso persons do not understand what they are talking about. Thoro ¡B a very oloso connection between the export of cases of sovereigns and the oommoroial depression from which the country is suffering. A Bia AUDIENCE assombled in tho Wesleyan Churoh in York-street last night, to hoar a numbor of South Sea Island natives who are cn route to New Guinea, under the direction of two white olergymen, to preaoh the Gospel to the inhabitants of that Island. Most of tho men are fine looking follows, and their addresses wero well received. For these men I havo the greatest respect ; they are genuine philanthropists, The motivos that influenced them to volnntcer for mission work in Now Guinea may have boen of a mixed oharaoter, for no man is absolutely unselfish ; but I am euro philanthropy was the dominating foroe in them. The desire of gain could not possibly havo boon a factor, for the pay eaeh will get will not bo more than £10 or £15 a year- perhaps it will be less, Nor could thoy have been influenced by tho craving for human applause, whioh is tho boeotting Bin of the majority of popular proaohors, for'they are not likely to get muoh of that from the people amongst whom their lot. is to bo cast, and others will hardly.notloo their labors, They aro making real sacrifices ;:ithoro cnn bo - no mistako about that, and theroforo aro deserving of honour. Thia band ot native missionaries constitutes excellent testimony ' to thar.value of churoh work in tho South Sea Islands, Suoh men desBrve to go to heavon when they dio, and I have not the least doubt they will attain to that happy stuto, Brood 4d per loaf at Glen Innes. : Mr, Moore, Ourntor of Botanioal Gardens, visited Glen InneB, to ascertain cost of planting the Rail- way Reserve there with treos. ; Mr. T. T. Ewing already on tho battlo field for the Richmond. Quito a crop of candidates getting into " form" for the shortly oxpectod campaign, Counoil has decided , that it is desirable to erect Markets in Grafton, at a cost not exceeding £500. Counoil passed n resolution ' that ' Grafton be oxempted from operations of Amended Firo Bri- gades Act. Mr. E. A. Davies has been appointed Warden's Olork and Mining Registrar nt Hillgrove. Tender accepted - F. Englert, oonstrnotion of a punt for Yulgilbar ferry. - Mr. F. Smytha appointed to bo telegraph operator at Casino. At the Hawkesbury Show tho jumping contest, first prize £25, scooud £10, resulted in a win for A.B. Staffa Dnohess, with Julia Ann Beoond. , At Murwillumbah, Mr. Ewing, M.L.A., was pre- sented with a bank draft ot £50 in recognition of his servloos os senior mombcr, ; ?'-'?'? i .?-.?'.-? A revision court was held at Maclean on Wed- nesday. No alterations wore mode in the Electoral lists. ; ' - . ' -.'-"; f>-"=. :.-m-'v-?. 