FeeBLSliED EVESY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. TUESDAY, MAY 20, 1891. TOE possibilte t rs fwhat friit-growing may be made as an adjunct to their ordinary methods of cultivation have been of late urged with such persistency, and -the argiu mnents used in this direction contain so much iogic nnd truththt, h it is satisfictory to know that the mattei lias been taken up practically in many iiectionsis Such-additioijnl Qvidence as:was made available by. the delivery ofE a lecture on fruits not generally ciultivatcd which'hould receive more attention, bya departmental ~expert in Horsham last week; ought-to prove of Salue to the 'whole of orir agriicultu-m rusts. Although. culture in this direc tion has, compiratively speaking, only etrently come iintd vogu, it has been: proved #to be so encouraging that the hope may-now be indulged in that a system of supplement ne t~he iicome to be derived by farmei sro ee sian of their operations in tliesediroe tions will be mgore-enerally, adopted. That the soil and climatic co'nditions ofj thie district are favorable to tlie cultivation of ai large number of fruits: -and that .with profit-has been borne testimony;jto hynmany judges of high authority; and in the several places where fruit-girowng operations have been put into actual practice, the res;iltdhies fully realisedj the exipectii:. hons formed. To those who ar e scep ticl on this ipoint it may be duilcult of proof yet awhile that theire is piofit in it; but these doubters may have their attention drawn to that portion 'pf Mi. Ccisaroy Ml s imak were lie reminded his audience that in the ds. whaeW hettleuient i athe Widmen f V ithe purpose of prosecuting agricultuie wass first mooted it .was confi dently held that the land would Bot onggro rain.. The fallacy of this view has been overwhelmingly demonstiated, asud it is but natural to )' uticipate that a similar result may ow in regad to the extensive culti Sfoh: - of fruit so as to make it a con iati -13e source of profit to farmerF.. side'ab. 'ything.else in the way of Like evi V eer, it is necessary, to bculture, ho "I.t intelligence should he begrin with, th. choice of fruits likely exercied inth everl parts of t :to bear well in the. .- attention to de :district, and untiung "-:h their culture tails in connection wit. \% lost or any so that no points should b, \t of per failure occur through wan e. Mr. severance and intelligent cai \,r of CmIcnToN enumerated a numb, 'Zjly fruits in his lecture (which was tL reported in last issue of the Time,, \ which, in his knowledge, were well adapted for profitable cultivation in this district, but any sensible person can rse that effort, in tjis direction must be intelligent, practical and per severing. No farmer should be pre pared to make up his mind that there is nothing in fruit-growing as an ad janct to his wheat-growing operations v until-he hals given the experiment a fair trial. It` may he anid that the It conditions of farming life are so 5 pressing and even irecessitous that a I struggling farmer has no time, money I or labor to devote his land or his I energies to such things as experiments t ,which may or may not come out right at ,the end of two or three seasons. Bu.rt aQ st this'view many be urged the very' fact that farming is a vocation < of soiprecariotis a chdr-cter that; in < order.to beabreast of the.times and to hold his own in the competition con stantly going-on; it is necessary that a fmirmers should'-notr confinel-his yearly operations 'to one :groove:1 And it must be remembered that under the present circumstances ourr ngricul turists are so placed by wise lerislation in the direction of the State placing ex pert knowledge and other assistance at their disposal, the risks attaching to any new- departure such as thiss are reduced to a miniminum and the under~ taking removed a long way from the category of leaps in the dark. The lectures 5heing'given 'tlirouihoiut the colony on such subjects as that we are alluding to, and others cognate to the province of agriculture, are of highs vnrlue. but- the contact ,into which the systein brings the f.rrmer with prac tically and theoretically ,informed. experts ;is of ,rgreater momentIand fis' likely to lead to still better results. In this way mi7s "ratifying to kkin 'thmit rCi uCuro ,,will again gvisit our, district in a fewv day's.time for the pubrpse of peronahlly .arvising tlirse' who:may desire .to consult hiiin "upon detaiils connected- with fruit growing, anid meanw~hile thin text mdir subject: of his late U.lecture sihould be with advantage read: and, pondered over. Beingi in its inhitiatory stage, the cul ture of fruit as an auxiliary to wheat growing may be taken up tentatively and iso' sm'niill "'tay; there is no need .to neglect the cultivation of the staple, but to lay out a feiw acies with'vines or such fruit as, with the assistance of the Goverrinment expert, it may be found that the soil and conditioins of'the farmer are best adapted to.' Tlerie can 'possibly be no harn. in ,trying fruit-"rowing as an mitxiliary to this extent, and there is every 'reason to anticipate tlhat the result, aftr, a; year or two,.will be so encouraging as to induce a steady and more isompiereihsive coiltinuance of the undertak-ing The potentialities as has been proved in. the cise of wlheat-growing since thie Winimeera abandoned the slec of a huge sheep wislk-are enormous, and the prospects are so encouraging that our farmers would be pursuing a suicidal course should they not take advsnt'ge of their opporturiities. 'One os two of the kinds of fruit mentioned by Mr.' CmcurToN have been tried in this district, but the grape is one which may be said to have established itself here, and the profits to be made from that alone is sufliciently encouraging to impel far mers to continue to plant out vines. Surprise Ira's been expressed at the coisiparatively low price of land ruling in parts of the district, but if the enormous capabilities of our farms in the direction of fruit preserving are fairly well tried as an adjunct to wheat growing, there is every cause to hope that the figures now representing the value of land in the Wimrmera will be enhanced by .something aspproacbing a 'hundred per cent. Tire remarks of another Government expert, Mr. Wcsv, in i gard to the ir dustry of rasin makmiggmy be remem bered,and it will be of iihterest'tuilenmsn wliat has been done in this particular lirection in ma part of the colony the characteristics of which are fairly simi lar to our own. In the Goulburn Valley -'3r.KAvAxAGI has acted on MIr.xEST a su~oestiodrasnd' omii inr for raisin diry ing, and one if'in vwill shoslvywhat profit tlier~e is init. - From 16 acres of Gorddo llanco'vidis this yeaP Mr r TCvANa an~ took off 15 tons of pudding raisins amid 5 tons of dessert raisins, and these re turned in.the Melbourne market at the Pate of £91 10s 2d per acre. This unist 'p'rfdoce& be consideied a noist handsome return and' as the demiind for raisins is practically unlimited, this particular indiustry should offer gelat inducement to our farmuers. If sd much csan be dnie' iii one dirdetion the litter shiould.se'e tihat the' field ly in" before themn for the selection of some means of sipplementing their sources of ieturnsis a very ample one, and they willbe o"standing vdry much in their own light if they hesitate in doin" the best theyican to take advan tage of the opportunities offerin" in the' wvay of fi-uat culture to help themli over !-the iecu.;~tatren;;tdiflcite of b-s'd is\heat GaCelle extracts aiir a repirt of tlre owan Shire Couicil essy lie found osi page folif. Sundaiby was the 72sd' aurinersary of her .~~itaesty e Sirrt idcay,; shad in~ thef sasiosit ehurches reference seas esdo tsd the event and prayers offeredforthe preserivation of the Queen's. lialth. Yesterday .was .loyally hoberved in Horsham as a public holiday, tie (ouvernment offices, banks .and othier business places being closed. An athletic sports mieting on tShe Reeieation Reserve was the chief attractros, but many shooting aiid picnic parties wre orgsnisel, aiid e nnlted isi healthffll exjloylseit '.Flaigs wvre flyinig from the municipal offices and some of' thei hotels and stores, anid at night a beauti-' InStrnsarecy Log ay she rer~n ~was. ulmopayp; emi by Mr Young paint`~ ?mer Behitifil': seatheru prevailed thrrogoug , h adding' greatly so th enjoymnent of holmday-makers.i Thnrrppli@cato'atof the commoitte of the Horsniani District Hospital for' an iadvance copy of the report, of the Inspector of. Charities has been speedily complied 'with, -tie'oflcial documncat hlaving' been received' by the secretary yesterday.' The presirlent (Mr. Kenny) has consoed a special meeting' of teli committee for this afternoon to con. sider tire report. A boy aged 5 years, sonof Mr. D.'Le'is,n engaged in Mr. Hocking's foundry, had; a narrow escape from drowning.. on Sundaiy ofternoon in the pool of water irrmedieatilyy Irelow the weir. There is a lins of narrow planks running out from the task of tie pool to tire centre of tire water for harrows to bie worked on taking tire material with which it is proposed to fill up this excara tion, and tire boy inosisten, despite of iarm ings, on running to and fro on this frail foot-way. As was to he expected ire fell in, hut the accidleit being noticed Iry Mr. C. Arkins, of the Bank of Victoria, tlht young gentlemran ran to the Iroak, divested himself of his coat and plockily jumrped into the water and rescued tire boy, getting a com plete drenching for his well-timed exertions, for want of which the lad would have probably been drowned, as nearly half a minute elapsed from the time Ire fell in until \be was rescued. A man named Robert Campbell was ted to the Horsham Hospital yester admi: ing enffering from terrible injuries day eve 1t Jung Jung railway station. It sustained. while talking with Mr. S. AMay appears that ` 'iar, in' whose employ- he had (of May & Mit. 'a number of years), who formerly been fo, was seated in a ranileay earriage auout to start for Horsham, Campbell fell between c1 the platform and the train when the latter began to move and was dreadfully crushed, 1 his left arm bseing nearly torn from its soc- i ket, and the side and leg being seriously bruised. He was brought in by the same train by' Mr. May and taken to the hospital m statel. MIr. Campbell is a blckamith, and has a family of wife andsl clilldren.s Sergeant litolyneux in entitled to considerlshla.' credit fo r n dowcn· of'" us ; oP j6~~,'df" whlich shad been 2report L ,0Lgtstoagn from Mr. Ewei' Cadi rohi's tr fin Station, Merino. The cattleh ha been offered for nit at Natimsk, anddhad subsequently been almost. disposed of to. Mr., Con. Curran, in whose pjaidoace thsiy wvere t' ilt time sweisi thessergeant, fram certain Ietait supplied, nrrmstel a 'icon sinimed John isoloney charged with tlieltlieft of the ainimals: Noloneyvwas raug hlit before Mr. ecorge S starday, and seas remanded for seven dys. We undersad that other caes at cattle stealing are engaging the attention of thiepolic~eg i I The councl ofthe Site ofWimmer viell hold its usual monthly meeting e xt Friday coinmencing at :l13isa m . The committee appointed for the purpose will bring up a I ~eport ~sn certahin~i allega~tion:;s madie iby Cr: thiatlg gentleman action asia cOmmiSissioner of the Irrigatioi R'ruat in the matter of the excision and ultate.ieclusion wsithis the area of the rpust sf pa risas of the parishes of Wail, Qiiantang and Vectis East The committee mt. cosmposed of Crc. Stanleyy Danieanc MLesna, Nswootiis, ansd Mlic~il Ian, and the hboin e ch arged to obtain plermimsion to inspect the miisnutea of the trust for the purpose of formulating their report and esttling the pointhii dispute. A I man nameJdh in ei8Intosis oas pre sented a the Horuham Plice Cairtd on Fri day for () beinhe drunk and disorderly, anid (2) for carrying firearms in a public place without the permission of the locl aRthori ties. It appeared that un'the previous day elfIntnali had filled himself ipj iviwli liquor at a hotel and started it amdgsll o pon his horse awsay fraoi the placn. He hsd not gone very far, however, when ihe fell off, but his foot was caught in the stirrup and he swrs beisg dragged up the street when Coa stable Guthrie rushed to hti rescue, and, holding the horse with Ens' liliisd,'extricafed McIniosh froi sl his hihidanIgerous posit Vion sithithie other In the effort, as might have been expected, the horse got 'ady; and Mclntosls rising to his feet turned round on GOthrie and swnre at hiis for losisss lis horse: As egardde the easing at uim'nfirosi injury or possible datih, Mcllitosh was still imore ahusive aind ungrateful, so the psolce \- officer seeinig lis condition arrested liimn for betsg drunk and marched him to the lock' anup. Here the prisoner was violent, and' resisted the process of lbaing nerchelid. At one staue of thisprocess he asiddenly pro diced a resolver froi iis rear pocket, bet before lie could use it the policeiien had his down, aind the pistol beins takeii from himn was found to be empty as to all its charnibers. As hle appeared to be in a soinewihat slhky consitiois on Friday morning the bdech re smansledl him uin til Malndiy (yseterday), awhen M1r. Langlaunds, J.P., taking into considera tioni his three days' 'incarceration iid his previsus good character, diseharged deIn. tosh. We learn that by thi victory of Lancer in the Sydney Birthday Cup a number of the employds in aMr. IMocking's Horsham afoindry Ih ave won some £150 each, beis the joint holders of the lucky ticket in bnd of the large sweepotliaks in Sydney;' SMr. W. V Wiloso, the secretsiry of the' aorsham Farmers' Freetrade Union, on Saturilay receised' ni'iintimsmltion from the t secret-ry of the Mhelourne Freetrade Denio eratic Association, that ihe .hal been unani inoisly elected a memlecrof the executive of' thalt bodi., It. wi1 be rememnlered that upon the subject being mooted' in the Hor sham neion soiee months ago it was decided not to becoaue affiliated witli the Freetrade Democratie Amsociatiosi. ,' iOn Saturday the presidest aofthe Horsham farmers' Freetrade Union' learnt that ar Srageinents had beean" iade tfr Mr. Max Hirsch .to deliver a' 'Freetrails 'lecture at Winiam on that afteanoonasnoa her at Yanac ' the same eveniiig,n amlulagain at Nhill last night. As I r. Hirsch ould ulbe passing \- through Horsham oan Iis return to Melbourne i hy express this iioriling itwle s'too late 'to S issake any arriagements for 'skinii him to V to stop and deliver a 'address it Horsham. The' services at the Wesleyan Church on Sossdsy were coneclsted 'by the Rei-. J. S. 1 Royce whIo i'ill lectsre tiis ev-ening 'a n " Rleminiscences of cannibal life in Fiji." Mr. Royce, who was a missionary there for 30 years, will exhibit illuminiated diaSgrams Sof Fijian, Indian? African isildotler deities. r bTse salission is free, but a collection is 'o b be taken up s aiid of foreign misaions.u. I I At a speci il eating of the isenlbnrs of t the Horshin A mamlgamated' Trades' Usniai \- heldon aisTursday at the'Victoria Hall (Mr. J. Could in thie chair), it was resolved to r vote a sau of Lo far tle Queensland ehearer. V A meeting of the sports -omsmittee was held at the close of the above, Mr. A.Ca' being in Vise clsair, when a report trom thes nset 'Oslo sub-cinoinittee wes conssdsIfed. The report aunimsuusly recommended Vitst r Mumiss A.aWtta, wsho drec tVhe firstiprize (a sawtin" maichiine) iwith No. 113 ut seiish6 t had tunfortusately lash her ticket, uoull r e cesise the prize. Mu Watts h iad sincid a / statutory decisration to the effect that she lihad lost tVie ticket asid had nst diseposed of ri fl''si anyr way. Thesnports conimittee adapte thiss racsmiscdatssssiand1 so sstructiauss ere given tohood the pruze aver to her. Tue attendase, at tVe- Horshsam State e beiool iaviug exceeded 400 slurs,, i Vise last twelve months hise roard of Advice are org. I lug the Escatian Departiment to roise tie c lasssificatson to esconfd . cla:s Aecording to the Ae Uthe provisiomno'a a water supply far the umullee Isis made its necessary foir'lthef (overnisiutoos cs'ntsisr' schhether ths ri gatia ni'sks will' not hiase' Cto liCa natiosal undertoking oiviSo Vs lisa special cibicmstaidi r'sf thu;ii; Iii tessurel binsn seialsas t he el rm Iio f tion to iruodtt tlin i existing law orAthse. seasrity far private loans. The boring operations in the civinity of Nhill and Netherby hlive ssorn the exiutesesic f a large underground sulylalind in aulditioi to this soarce, Mr. Graham has in viewi tVie i storage of oyster in the Crampians ;lie sc$ itoeldbeh eoaductetd into the malleeie y, usasig Visa Yarriambiae Creek as a main channel, with tanks and distributiug chain· inels at sitalle places. At present', hossl ever, tVie matter is merely under considera. tionl. The huiiness at the Horsaham Police Court on Friday wsis not of an important character. Ihessre. McLuckia,P.M.,Williaims and T. Yoaung, J'nP., were onthe bench and dealt with the following: -T. 'Oraham. v. John Fraser, £2 1l1 Gd, goods; no" ap pesrance of the defensdant, order for amount owith iG costs. A. F. Spawn v. E. Shaw, work anid laior and goods; adjournsed for four veeks. The following cases of neglect ing to sead children to schoolfor the quarter ending list March were dealt witli as speci fied-Mr. .J. E. Billinglhnin bein tVie saus ioning officer.-Fined 0se-C. Doigharty, J. O'Donshse, B. Mnsaghan,, W. Ward (21, W. Todd, H. Bnrnett, F. uodsr ; fined 5o-P. Mounghlan (2), J. Calvin, F. sfeatha, Mary McAdam; fined 28 Oil-C. Curran, H. IBenn, P. McCabe; fined la-Annie Smith, T. 'Doolno, J. Ahbot; dismissed---anet Simpson and John Young. A vigorons alarm or fire was rung yester (lay evening about 7.30 o'clock, but fortu nately it proved only to 1)e a Quecn's lirthday bonfre, lighted by some juveniles in the north part of tine town. - Mr. McLuckie, licensing. mnagistrate, on Friday last granted the folloiing transfers of victuallers' licenses, Inspector Hall offer jng no objections :-Nelson Lawrence to Thomas Hodby, Roilsray Hotel, Pimpinio; a B. Lindo to J. J. Callaghan, Royal Mail Hotel, Goroke; Saimnel Jeffery to enis o Brett, Crown Hlotel, Horsliam. Thlosa~ premne~9ort vill Tuesday at 10 a.m. nThe severance of.thine est Ridinei from. - mation of a now Shire of Lawlet, isn nowsY 0 accompolshed fact, only the forimnaldetails leing left to bn complied with. On Thursday lesusr Pratt and. baker intro duced to the Mfinister of Works a depute: finn seli urged timo ~peti~tion amid gale isifnr; said thaktfrom its appeiarance on the moap, the Lovan Shire wsonld present an awkiard ehooap ith the ~i'W'k;est ? Riii evrd ut as -there sv·aes noppenittee to' thoe petitino' ls~ hod no olternotiv e bet to grant severance fartoo rca & indicaited and itofrorm atis i to n separate.niunicipality ' He statedl tht the petitionesrsmight return with the: aeS sucanee that their wishes wee tild be coiild swith i,1 ?1 Thi Mechanics Hall wilt bei ccupied 6n: Whiedneday niht by Profmsor Bonosairrd, in his ness-"famous? !'Entertainment of fuindn w n oidw'od In auldition to being tlhe .firsktto introduce into thin coiuntry Mlaskelyne and Cooke's celebrated Ghost II luesion or ttedence of Death, the Professor is naid teo e a wonoderful musicsia and gives a very life-like rendering of a stormit at se0, itih alt the attendaistieieets of rain, light niig; tliusiderl ete: aind alsob some iinita tiois of wedding-bells. ProfessorBoensmard has just completed a tonr through the Trans vasl gold fields wheiro he has earned golden opiniaons. The performance is for one isight only, and anyonowhlo desires a good "pick me-up" is advised not to iniss it. Tit plan is on view and ticketS :btaiuioble sit Mi G. Ryan's. Mr. Fiincham asks sn to correct aslightin accuracy in the report (extracted lIy os from the Natimokn lail) of his remarks oh his expermsents in lucerne growing. Thi re toirus of 13 tons per m crosers not fran lis owli land but were olbtaslmed by a gentlemana Bi Baceisoi l.arsh, who won nearer fB0 than £30 per acre profit by the expenditoro of £ 13 per acre in irrigating. Mr. Fincham made htliolucerne pay the crst year, while i withobt irrigation he would have had no r returns. - FlTo Rev. A. J. Priest, of Nhill, 'elivered a locture in St. Johui's Sunday School on Friday, on "The- history of the early 0 English Chnirch." Referring to the recoids of English Christianity from before the SNorman conquest the lecturer stated that proof that thie church existed in a fully organized state wis shown iy thie presence m of thsrec British bishops at the council of Arles, A.D. 314, or nearly 300 years before r the audsesit af the Romilan Catholic mission . headed by Augustine. The landing of the a Saxons had the effect of driving the pro. . fessors of Christianity into the western a districts tund for some years the lstnd to a great extent became again heathen. Augns tine's mission froin Roine, which landed in f5I0h, did a gond deal to Christianize parts of Eiglaisd, liut larger work in this direction sas done Iy mnisionaries fross Seotland. IIn "this way two branchies of Christ's chuirich for a lengthy period existed side by side, the British section entirely refuslisg to acknsowvledge any control on the part of Autustine's tuission. I Ii 54; bhow ever, the councilt of Whitby effected a i.uiifornsimty of / usage and the Churclih tf Inegolad less to a certain extetit brought under the posewr of the Roman church, altlIough .aften stronlgy protesting against any iuterferese with its affairs and fora 1 long time constinuing the effort to preserve its liberty. The lectisre contuined interest saig reference no Arehliishop Tleodorc, the VeneraieBetle, the Danish invasion and Site builduin of many celebirted English cathedrals. Some excellnst vieas of time c latter were shosn by the magic lantern, \vihi swhisi the reitiend genleinron illtt tratodi his lecture alsout O stlikiinsgpicturms being exhibited:during the course of the latter. At the conclusion of the Rev. A. J. Pisest's addrems , a v ery hearty vote of i thanks waes iceorded him for his kinddess in a coming so long 's distance ana for giving so instructive and intoresting a lecture. SThe "uisister of 'Waoter Sapply hlis arranged furr an officer of his deportmesent so report on the qiestion of. water supply for the mallee, aso me interestiing anid 'usefol informationi has beens funrishled 'y Mr. Andercon, of Toddington. In coqnsequenea of the conditiens under which mallee land is leased by the Iov-eroment 'to teennmsts being different fromi those'applying to other lands in the colony it will besnecessnary for whatever scheme Mr. Craham may devise to be sanctioned by parliament. The im portance of the question is obvious in view of the vast amount of mallee land already taken up and being about to be leased. liecausie in tShe bsecese of saot adequate supply of water it would be impossibleo to expect settlement in the mallee to be' con tinuoes or profitable The supplementarjr lists of non-rate paying electors foe the Legislative Council -and Leuslati ev Aoseesbly must he prepared e during the weeck ending TJne lot (nixt Monday), and persoss who have not already eirolled may 'ds no soby obtainsrig electors' 'rihts froin Ste registrars or deriuties; Deputy electoral registrars ars diree to pheir ists iid send iithen/to the eectoral registrars for thei~ 4ivisioes e immeldiately after ithe 1st of d.un . I In Site Bases' Court, Mlelbouii'e os Thurs e day, asiallee allotment m tthe oiunty of S Bortng fornsedi the suelject of/an astion in Swhich sod interest was t Ti ime Thplaid-r e tff,1lilai~o Canispalieg;ed t ltosepi 'Bickley ngreed as the agentofIs his sot, Cyrus to.sell him thie lease f the allotinent inr conJtiitions ith the Curryo lomestead. aainsat. Cyruti, or £1000, dosanges iron s Joneph for breaics of watrranty of auithurity to selil Te dafenee waao a repiiliots s of the ageemneit ondoh' partaisda'1ihi'il st~f a;·ek~i·d~~sy, authoritybii grsenb a~ ys us.i c Jutgetst for She defndists c withoi ti I rto Suuu no prdunatmsti was held iy~ the RiBip, pis-ho preaciedSh tediistio sermnotilunis elfE froanuRevelatiousi iii.; '" These thiiga saitli Re, that hath the seveu 'spiritsof God aidil She seven stars; I knomi thy ss'orhs." 'Rev. A. D'ArcyfIrsine, of Mucrtim, a-ts adnuiteil priest,, and She , fohllwiuig genislmeiisesi d-eicons: T fitmp (B A., Camubriige) of rarat R hdleyt Fulforl, to ibe ctrate of the Pro-Cathudtral and H. WV. Curtis, of Wirminster Tiheologi cal College, whio will go to Kaniva. iOn Titursdny eveniing a fatal hosting an r cident occurred near Stse coal port of \- Toronto, Like Msacquarie (N.S.W). .Mr. r Frederick Irsunker, a son of the Minister of \- Lands, his child (two years of age), Mrs. \- Chapman, his imother-in-law and a man named Woodward,' were out ill a sailing boat when it upset, and thsres- all on board I into the water. Mrs. Clsapman and the child were drowned, but Wi'oodisard and Drunker usanaged to cling to the boat, and sere rscued io a very exhausted coasiition, after having been for upwsards of two lious in the water. The cessns retrnos of Nenw South Wales show the population to he 1,134,207; 010,001 males, 518,100 females, heing a total in. crease since 1881 of 382,730 sools. The country population hos increased during the ten years to the extent of 223,185, the total figures of 1881 heing 524,425, and in 1801 747,610, and the metropolitan area by 150,093. Broken Hill now contains a pops. latio, ,of over 25,000, of whom 2,000 are eoga~gd in pastoral pursuits, the rest bhing almost wholly miners. The population n Sydney and stubrbs is 306,597, as against Slelbourne's 488,185, hut the total returns show. that Neo South -Wales holds 308more persOns; Imo tnVieteriL: IThe. census loU revealed_ 'thle factthiat there ore at present 13,123 Chiinsos in tha col461y ays agaist 10,207 in 1881.. mA In named Henry Wilmore woo is noted for his high stature* (heilg 0 floot 8 inches in height) and lwho had been em. ployder as a commercial, had kept a hotel in 'Eclhinie, 1id latterly followed the voeetion of a boo makerto in Melboirnre, is under remand on a charge of bigamy. He was before the Pahrain court on Toursdoy when the alleged fncets were as followsee:-Ho was married toNoraLsh Ryan in 1875 at Ecihuea, and to Louisa Harriet Lambert ia 188 ot Sasthi Yarra.- The defence 'ti that Wilimore wa s so drink on the first occaisin as not to know what he was doing sudit furtiermoore, that although the fint wife represented hlerself as a spinster, eht wias then the wife of one George Wtiman, a ocinoer En idence was,liosever, adduced to show that the latter had died early in 1873 (hefore the defeiidant and Wilmore married) but MIr. Gounson, for thie difefiee, urged dthat Whilman was not yet dead, the evidence to the other effect havieg reflence to aiothier mi.o Time ease wss postponel for a fortnieht to allow of the attendance of the second wife. SA conspiracy case of nooie interest to I shearers was heard at lialmoral lst Th.urs idy tefore ir. Johns,P.M., asd Mr.It. \\\, SI ayomn, J.P. Last November a union mshearer:numeol Timothy Tanseye was engaged \- at Glendinning, and on acing acuentd of not s paying his levy a dispute arose, which only terminated hy Tonsey having to lesae. Proceedings were takemo ogsiins n some cighti nsheirers under an Act of tire Constitution oe G George the Fourth which provides that s ony person or persons molesting or olstanet. . ing anotherin carrying on his work slill be a imprisoned only, or shall and mey be imn a prisomed weitim hiarni laaor for a term not a exceeding three mconthls." The defence 'fI raised (among other points) was that there a was no such thing as an indii tohle offence e ioder a statute which did not imake it o inidictable. - In proceedings under a particu lar statute, the latter must he carried out to r the letter. The bench had no jurisdiction, as under the Act no infornnation eomld be y sworn except under oath, and this had not beee done. The bhieli hleldl his otjection e to he fatol and struck out the case with £fel costs against the prosecution, wrhich it will be seen was one by a union shearer againnt other union shearers. The several olefen ndanis at onco left tIne court inspite of the efforts to indict them on the swarn inftann. n tion of Tansey, which hilad been mieansr-ile prepared, and so the case completely troke down. Sir George Grey is a total abstainer, not a from principle but for the sake of exomple. . Visiting at the hlouse of a friend in Sel Shbounes last week (says Bolhet,,ia;, he en. of plained the reason of his refosilg to take n anything stronger than coffee hy saying tiont somoe years ago a Neoy Zealaini tribe were a so terribly given to droiikennoess that Ioe i called the chiefs together and mnde tlimn y Sign the pledge, prmisiimg that ioe wonnool do n so too, anol ire Ioas never brokek his uolr. Thle consignmient of apples, forwanrdel by a the endigo Fruitgroweras - Acoociation by of :the R.M11.S. Ballaurat with a view to open o ing a market in London, has been sald at froi Os to 12m per case. Sooe of tlheoo aples t were of excellent quality, while others sere a indiffereot. Thie cases in swih they mere s packed vwere too small, and the apples were . not evenly graded as to size. e It-is reporteol that a deterinined effort is d to be made to astotlish the defence of nold h ness in favor of William Colstoon who is in e custody for the murder of Sir. anod its. D, Davis at Narhetlhong. A olnumber of I insanity experts have been watclling tlie as prisoner closely- since hlis captore -enid it is e alleged that tliey find soime promioent F. symptoms of train disease. if Sirs. Carter, a widow, aged 32, mother of 5 four clhildren, and tie licensee of the Rail 0 wnoy Hotel, Hallan, hlas iliel oundrr sis picious circunmstances. On lier death-bed .s she made statements incriimoiooating tlie a notorious Sirs. Taylor, of Slellouone, who r hlasleen arrrested and is to te charged omitll i laperforning an illegal operation os Sirs. Carter. It is notorious that on five previous a occasions Sirs. Taylor lins heen siolilarly d acuseed. ,Four times she escaped, tIt tee is fifth she was atjudged guilty ty tire juryat or thle Central Criminal Coimrt on the Inth ,o lay, 1886, and was senteonrel to tSo ie years' imoprisonsment. i. Accounts of a horrible character trave ro been reeiveol of the cruelties practised hy y Arab slave dealers in the Latke Tauigarryits I, country. The district lis been devstntned re over a large area, and Inondreols of natives o hnve been murdered. Over 10,000 have t. been forced to leave their district. The villages were destroyed, arid thle unuor tunate natives, driven by starvation, stere forced to devour the bodies of tnhe olesd. d S imultaneously ivith this icens cornea tIre n iritelligeomie timaot the league of tire Ilretllrenr ly of the Sahara hus startld sort. This SoOgaioineiz.tion was set on foot toy Coroitnl Lavigemrin for the purpose of carryiorg on a rouCade aganmnitnst avery, anOoyld no, a esravan 4e 00 jstrongo hlaiig tben foriimed in loos started from Zanzibar to the TAuanyika iiesion sotiotn to coiminence She wor-e of the suppiession of slavery.// B hharnemo'as "ulsow". will be carried on, notnsithusmtadin the d efth of its origioator, n athb~sun; of £700,000 is invested in tie peoterjorise. A grailaon inherits orost oh fio tl amfinoos shoini-nin's fortune, provision 0 ein ade also for most of hois olependents. To sun·i a wager of 12,000 dollars, Siss ZoO Gay boo, n actress, traimoped the distancO of 3,i95s inoes, fromi, San Frrnciseo Is Iner n York in' 015 days; duriog which tiome mrhe y wore osot live poirs of heavy shoes and three 3 dresses, tesdes siufferintg achos, pains, 1lorbrnises srcaitces,- nd losing Odlis is eiglt. Her reatest ' nlj"'s recorrlas- 40 oh irmles 0 - \- - era jotst, near Phliladelphia, is caller1 tre eieleitr-r citjry It dtid iot exist 23 yesrs ago, hut b es non 80,000 iinhbilants. Its stneets n and I iouses are lighten by elctricit', iOst f-t.all mndacines in thoe place are driven by a elect riity? aud all pirli-ic veoiclS worth " epa ucg of ore prop~leoe hyelnctricity. f lo ha oupp 'nneot to the Ga-eltte iay toe e fouoia lsot o canepants of Crownalnds r n p arre or ivito th' rrents anl foes. \- I10 conOeetioo eitotic the critical condition of tire wheat tops is Fraiec, orhcre itis icato ed that t he ooe supply will ie deho ocot some n0 million hectolitres, itic reported that a rin s has deeriforomed to con tail the market. t iso also stoted thot on extensive operation i , Russian wheat is to fbhe undertaken . Apo oerfol syndicate, con . posed of Germoa nid I 'alion specrlstorshas negotiated the purchsea of wheat to the g value of £6,00,000. 3 A torrible tornado war , experienced lost STlitrsday night in Mhisson ni;Uited States. 1 All obstacles along a trs at of countrl0 2 miles in length and 2i i ileusr ide iwere , leveld to the ground. io ny iousos were a destroyed, and 40 persons o ore-teporle'd1 hvebeen killed. - ~ - e Ehockifig lift accident occurred at the (;raad hotel, Melbourne, on Saturday mo-n ia. There are two hydranulic lifts at the he, oae for passengers and tho other for both being in the same shaft. Abat 7 0o'clck in the morning the engineer aciarge, Mr. Fred Thorp, sins regulating the talvct, which are a short ilistance below rhe level of thegrounnd floor. James Smith, t!onag porter, was starding on the grouam ea rasnaerain g with, Thorp. The longgage lilt 0alsrought downi to the basemnent floor, oath sltilia thSe ment were talking itrose some diitance 5ore thie floor. Some person on the fourth loor reqtireti the use of this lift re the usual signal to stond clear. xs the cage begun to move Smith endenrored to cltmler into it, bit failed, and was tmmed in the shaft loft, from the floor. carcely a second could hlne elapsed from. the time Smith tried to elimib into it until titesolid work of the shaft was reached. His rraonso atonce a ttracted the attention tithe engineer, who immedistely stopped the driigins gar. le also called out "Oh Fred, Iti done for." His cries attracted the alttrnion of Mr. Dantot, manager of the total,whlo procured aladder and extricated the farhurigi man from his terrible position. ars. holter and Iturke stere calleti im, and to their adlice ihe seas sent to the hospital, chart ie tdied a fats hours afterrards. The tiecased resided with his wife and one ahild at Ricttmond. An notifled in otir last issue the monthly neeting of the Council of the Shire of Arapils till not be held to-day. Tie hung Jitg coutring otatch will take platon Tttursdy, nomittatiott closinig to aystith tite secretar' (SIr. A. Cnitdy.) 1losaro. Young lros. anut Laihlast antd Co. announce a sale of fat sIeep in lots to ttut purchasers at l~imboola on Tuesday A general toeeting of memtbers and others intersted itt tcie Total Abstittence Society will bie Iteld in the Temperante Hall on Thartridy at S p.m. 