GHOSTS. (ANDREW LANG IN THE NEW YORK FOUDM.) Ghosts do not come of " attentive expectation j" at least, not to everybody. I have been at amiteur seances, and expected a great deal; but never saw or heard anything more abnormal tban a suppressed giggly f^r which my own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have passed nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to myself ; and that when I was young, ill, and overworked. I hava occupied the ghostly chamber where .the original of Dickens' Miss Havisham (in " Great Expectations") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raiment. But, in spite of expecting, wiih fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything to esthblish the existence of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinister to sleep comfortably though a military officer of approved valor had previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short his visit and fled the place. He was a ghost of gentlemanly character who appeared only to persons unlikely, as he might guess, to be dangerously alarmed. Asa rule, the fairly well attested ghost of my acquaintance have been seen, not by the timorous and fancilul, but by unimaginative people in perfect health. Some persons, as a man eays in one of George Eliot's novels, " have the. snieil for a ghost;" others have it not; and you cannot say beforehand who will prove' a seer, and who will be unvisited by any shape of dread. A scholar of world-wide reputation (imong scholars) was, when a boy, driving iu a Hog-cart, while a stout farmer held the reins, lioth were Scotch. They passed a church-yard, beyond which the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out' of the kiikyard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided beside the dogcart all down the long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the man not the boy 6aid a word while this lasted. When the appearance had vanished,' the farmer whispered, "Did you. see .yon ?" " Ay," said the lad. " Thank the Lord 1" cried the farmer; " I was feared-it was the hoirors." He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whiskey toddy. Finding that it was objective, he was reassured, though neither he nor his companion ever knew what the thing was that they had looked on. They both, perhaps, were " seers," and "had the smell for a ghost." To myself the most impressive spectra I ever heard of, at next to first hand, was this—I think I may have told the tale be- " fore :—There is, in an English county, a village of one Jong street. The houses are small and old. At the bead of the street, - and at right angles to it, is the manor house among the trees. The lady of the place was driving, through the village one day (she told me the taU), when, through the open door of one if the houses five or six children rushed in the utmost panic, and one of them fell down in a fit before the horses. This was about three o'clock in the afternoon, on a sunny August day. The lady stopped, attended to tne child, and asked the others what ailed them. They said tbey had been at play on the staircase, when they were terrified by " a dreadful woman/' who suddenly appeared among them. A.nd why was the woman dreadful? The children could say only that she was dressed in a long woollen robe, and had her brow and chin bound up with white linen. In fact she was a walking corpse, come back from the days when the law compelled us to be buried in woollen, for the better encouragement of the wool trade. This wiandering old death, 6een in the sunlight by children, has always appealed to me as a very good example of ghosts and of their vague, unaccountable ways. For it is most unlikely that the children knew anything of the obsolete law or of the ancient English mortuary fashions. However, there are differences of taste and ghost stories, and many prefer some thing with more of a motive for an appearance. But the best-attested epectces are motiveless they resemble, as Mr. Myers pays, what we might expect of a dead man's - fevered dream, if in tbat sleep of death such dreams may come. Whether they come to the dead or not, a sort of refraction of them has come, and probably will always come, to the living now aud then, and like " A chorus ending of Euripides, A sunset touch," will ever make us less assured that we know all about ourselves and have spekeq the final word on de&th; »nd life. 