THE RE-UNION OF CHRISTENDOM.—II. WE stated in last issue that we should revert further to the Round Table Conference on this subject in the first number of thq Review of the Churches. The Bishop of Ripon leads off in an article dealing with the difficulties in the way of re-union. He very properly says that these cannot be removed by exaggerating or ignoring them ; something may be done, however, by arranging them in order and weighing their importance. The principal difficulties which he enumerates are (l)»the extraordinary tenacity with which trifles are clung to and magnified into supreme importance ; (2) Union would involve the sacrifice of independent judgment, which in itself would be an- evil ; (3) there are race tendencies which cannot be ignored ; there are important racial differences, and religion will take different forms amongst different peoples ; (4) and there is a more serious difficulty still, that which divides men into two classes—those whose faith rests on the subjective, i.e., upon spiritual realities, and those whose faith rests upon the objective, i.e., upon the Church, her traditions, ministry, and sacraments. The Bishop thinks the only way to reconcile this serious cleavage is by showing that each side has forgotten something, and that true religion consists in the combination of the two ideas. The Bishop, however, does not offer any practical suggestion as to the methods by which re-union may be brought about. The next paper is by Earl Nelson. He states the case from the standpoint of the Church of England. Here we have a layman apparently deeply imbued with the ecclesiasticism so prevalent amongst the clergy of the Anglican Church. He contends that that Church is the mother of all Engli?h-speaHng religious sects, and that she has moved forward with other bodies in the path of progress, until to-day she gives " as true witness of self-denying love, as shown by the works of her clergy, and sisterhoods and by her voluntary efforts both at home and in the foreign missionary field, as can be found in any part of Christendom." The Anglican Church, standing midway between the Catholic and the Reformed Protestant Churches, seems to him under God to be particularly suitable to embrace all Christians within her bosom. His idea of Union is that the various sections of the Church should be formed into brotherhoods, with distinct organizations, acknowledging one teaching Church and one common eucharistic service. The present ministers of the non-Anglican Churches, he appears to think, might be recognized side by side with an apostolically-ordained ministry, as laymen exercising free gifts under the guidance of the Holy Ghost. This view of the question is interesting, as showing how little the writer comprehends the position or sentiments of the Nonconformist Churches, who would never be likely to fall in with such a scheme, which would be a virtual admission that their theology is at fault, and their ministry and sacraments invalid. Dr. Parker follows on in his breezy, trenchant style. He entirely agrees with the growing sentiment in favour of Union. He thinks unity quite compatible with diversity. Diversity is a note of life: unity is a note of love. He is convinced that men will never be united in opinion. Moral constancy, he considers, is of more importance than verbal consistency. For this reason he has insuperable objections to written test creeds. Men must have their beliefs, but they can love Christ without attempting to define Him. Baptists and Congregationalists, he thinks, might approach. He would' be willing to immerse adults, if Baptist ministers would baptise little children. Baptism he would be willing to leave an open question, and, this point conceded, he thinks the two denominations might by public and formal declaration affirm their brotherhood, and present a completer front to the world. He would go further, and make excommunication on doctrinal grounds impossible. Union with the Anglican Church he regards as in the meantime impossible. Dissenters cannot but look upon the Historic Episcopate as a historic fiction, and the Episcopalians cannot fully receive the doctrine of the priesthood of believers. Finally, real Union can never be realized by artificial means. The only Union possible is that which flows from an ever - deepening, ever - heightening love for Christ. The point of Union lies in a common sincerity ; let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. The concluding paper in this number is from the pen of the Rev. H. P. Hughes. In the growing desire for Union he sees evidence of the fact that the centrifugal forces have spent their strength, and that the centripetal forces are becoming more ana more powerful. One argument which he finds for Union is the alarm which the prospect excites in the minds of the enemies of religion. He admits that the divisions which have prevailed were inevitable, and the less of two evils. At the same time, as the result of disunion the majority of European races are outside the Christian Church, and the overwhelming majority of the human race are heathen. Christians, he thinks, should be willing to give up everything which is not essential to secure Union. Mr. Hughes does not think it impossible that the Roman Catholic Church may yet be included in the Re-union of Christendom. Re-union, he considers, has begun already in the form of co- operation.. In the promotion of temperance, social purity, and peace, all Christians can once more act together. This co-operation, he thinks, should be practised more widely. Complete re-union, however, in his opinion may yet be hundreds of years in the future. Here we cannot agree with Mr. Hughes. Events are moving rapidly in these days, and the progress of a century is now crowded into a decade. Even fifty years may bring changes of which the wildest imagination does not now dream. The Congregationalists and Baptists and the different Sections of Presbyterians might, he thinks, immediately enter into closer fraternal Union. Even Methodist Union is not so remote as Mr. Gladstone seems to imagine. He does not think that the Methodist Churches will much longer be able to maintain their fantastic divisions, and Methodism united in England will mean Methodism united the world over. This accomplished, with all Congregationalists one, with all Presbyterians one, and with all Methodists one, the problem will be much modified. Personally Mr. Hughes has.no objection to an Episcopalian system, and is in fact inclined to think it is the best. At the same time, Mr. Hughes asserts that Union by absorption is mathematically impossible—that is, to bring about Christian unity by the conversion of the members of other religious bodies to the faith of the Anglican Church is out of the question. To take an example, the Methodist Church numbers thirty millions of adherents. How long would it take to. bring these back to the bosom of Anglicanism by converting them two and three at a time ? A plan like this must evidently be abandoned, and if Union is to be effected Churches must come in in globo on some basis which will not compromise either their selfrespect or their conscientious beliefs. So far the contributors to the Review of 'the Churches. The rift in the lute is to be found in an article in the Christian Union (New York) by Mr. W. F. Seward on " The Outlook for Christian Unity in England." Mr. Seward considers that the obstacles are at present insurmountable. Religious society in England is broadly divided into three classes. There are first the Anglicans, who look down upon other Christians with a lofty sense of superiority, and whose only idea of unity is that of the whale and Jonah. Secondly, there is the Orthodox party, led by Mr. Spurgeon, who look upon the third division, coinposad of the followers .of Professor Drummond, Dr. Dods, and others, as upon the down grade, and regard their views as dangerous and pernicious. With these three distinct parties existing in English religious society, Mr. Seward is hopeless of any immediate result from the discussion of the question. Still discussion will do good; something is even now being accomplished, more is in the immediate future. It is unquestionable that Christian thought is being assimilated in all the Churches; the bitterness of the odium tlwologicum is passing away, • and men are beginning to feel that love to Christ is of more importance than a correct creed. When this sentiment becomes general, Union will be easy. 