CHAPTEIi XXXIV. josie’s adventure. Captain Sir Redmond Carew Btands apon tho steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he go in and face poor Bess, waiting and hungering for a eight of her husband? How .shall he break the terrible new3 to her? It is the hardest trial of all tho brave soldier’s life, but he knows it must be done. He rings the bell with a dull ache at his The door opens instantly, and behind the servant who admits him he sees Bess her self, her wan little face all aglow with ex pectant joy. She rnsbes forward and catches his hand. •• Oh, Redmond, where is my husband?— and where is my child?” He takes her hand and leads her back into the drawing-room. “ Sit down, Bess,” ha says, tenderly, “ and when you are calm I have something ( to tell you.” i A sudden terror leaps into her eyes, and ; her lips bogin to quiver. i “What is it?" she falters, “What has happened? Who iB dead? My child?" | Sir Redmond sits beside her and takes , bo'.n her hands in his. ‘ E “ Look at me, Bess,” he says, “ and see what a brave, strong little woman you can ( be. No one is dead. Tour child is alive and so is Lord St. Anbyn.” j She draws a long breath of relief and ( looks up at him with the old smile returning ( to her soft eyes. ( “Thank Heaven,” she murmurs, “If they are both alive nothing very dreadful < can have happened. What is it, Redmond? E Is Lord St. Aubrn absent from England ? ; Ho mnst be, or he would have come to me. , You have sent for him, of course, and he will soon be here-? Tell ms all about it, E The captain looks at her in infinite'pity. How can he tell her? He starts to bi3 j feet, and thoughtfully pacc3 up and down ) the room. c Bees watches him with a nameless fear : creeping to her faco. She rises and follows him, and slides her little hand into E his. c “Redmond, dear friend,” she whispers, E "something terrible has happened; I see it ] in your face. Teli mo; anything i3 better than this suspense.” 1 He wheels round and faces her. j ( "Bess,” he replies snddeBly, "Lord St. j Anbyn is married again." i She looks at him in 3 dull, uncompre hending way. , " Married I” Bha repeats. “Why, Red- , mond, what can yon mean ?”. ... - “ He thought you wero dead, Bcs3,”:cor.- - tinues the captain, desperately, " and'his has married Lady Cassandra Lauder.” ] “Married! My baby’s father married I” Her whitening lips frame lbs words, but give forth no sound. The color.drifts ‘ slowly from brow and cheek, and she drops like a blighted lily at tho aoldier’s feet. . . . Ha stoops and raises her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. Thsro sho is,” he says, as he lays Biss on the sofa. “ I have told her and it has killed her. That villain shall answer for her murder. I’ll go and find him now.” He is striding from tho room with a de termined face, but his old friend follows " Stop, Redmond Carew,” sho says; “ re main where you are. If Lord St. Anbyn chooses to marry a now wife every week, you are not oalled upon to interfere. The law wili look to him. Stay where you arc, and help the poor girl; she is merely in a • He returns in sullen silence, and they set about reviving poor Bes3. Tho task is a hard one. Sho lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until after a surgeon j has been oalled in that they succeed in re storing any Bigns of animation, t At last tho hectic red flutters back to her l thin cheeks, and her eyes open with a frightened etare. “ Married 1 My baby’s father married!” she repeats in a gasping whisper. Mrs. Markham bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently; “ Thero, poor dear, you mustn’t take it so to heart. He believed yon were dead, you “ Yes, bat how could they forget ms so These word3 quiver from her white lip3 in gasping sobs and she is convulsed with bitter weeping. Sir Redmond Carew looks on in fierce indignation. “Don’t cry so, Bass," he says at last; “ that man is not worth it. You should bo glad to be rid of bim, the villain 1" Bess looks up with wet, startled eyos. “No, Redmond," she interposes, hurriedly, “I will not hear you condemn him. Lord St. Aubyn is not to blame. How should he know that I would comeback from the dead? He had a right to marry Lady Cassandra. You know, Redmond, they loved each other long before the marquis met me.” Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. “ But, my poor dear,” Bho says, “Lord St. Aubyn will havo to take yon back, of oourse, when he learns that you are alive.” But Bess shakes her head sadly. “ I shall never oome between them again,” she says. “But I must havo my child.” “You shall have him, Bess, I promise “But did Lord St. Aubyn say so? Did you see him, Rsdmond ? You have not told me yet. Does he know that I still live?” “Yes, he knows it, Bess." • “Redmond,” sho asks, in a low voice, “ what did he say ? Did he seem glad or >rry ?” The captain shuts his teeth hard; his rony through all this trying scene greater than anything the foreaken wife feels. . . „ " I think he was glad, Bess, he answers truthfully, “when I first told him. Ha looked glad, I thought. Bat it places him in a bad poBitien, you see. I—I think ho i will leave England.” , Her lip3 quivar again, but she dashes the i tears from her eyes. “Yes, of course, he will leave England, ’ and take Cassia with him. I can exneot , nothing else—though ho did love me, Bed i mond. H9 used to pet mo bo, and call me i 1 little mother.’ I wish I oould see him and ■ tell bim how I feel. I don’t blame bim, Bnd I hope t.e will ha very happy- he and Lady j Cassandra. [ ahull never lift my finger to do them harm; but I must have my child.” “ Yes, you shall have your child, Bess." i On this same February afternoon the lota j train which entered the small town nearest I to Aberdudno Lodge put down a eolitsry Xiassenger—a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a small valiee in her hand. She otande an instant on tho wet comfort less platform, looking with keen bright eyes ; then, gathering her wind-tossed cloak more closely, she makes her way into the heart of the dreary little town. A puhlic-houBe with the image of the brazen lion on its swaying sign attracts her notice, and she walks briskly up the weather-beaten steps and In at tho open " Well, missio," says the landlord, strug gling briskly to his dumpy legs, “ what can I do for you?” “ I wish to know in what direction I can find Aherdudno Lodgo,” replies the little maid, speaking in broken English. '* Aberdudno Lodge!” he repeats, emerg ing from behind his bar. “ Well, my pretty miss, if you’il just step out I’ll show you the old place. You can see it plainly enough. And a regular old ghost nest it is.” He makes hie way to tho door and Josie— for it is idle—follows him. “ That’s tho place, my dear,” be says, pointing one stubby fiegsr towards a lingo black pile on the summit of a sea-washed cliff. Josie looks at tho grim old structure with bright and fearless eyes. "Now, can you gst me a carriage .o drive up there?” bho aaks presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. 11 Why, what doss it mean ?” he says—“ so many pretty-faced women-folko going up there. What dees it mean ?—that’s what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lass was here after a con veyance up to Aberdudno. I sent her np and that was the last of it; she did not acme back. Msyba Bluebeard lives up there in them black turrets. Who knows? No, in: deed, my dear, I can’t think of such a thing as sending you to that old ghost-trap at thi3 hour ; you can stay here at tho Golden Lion to-night if you like, and I may manage it in the morning.” Ho puts out his fat hand to pat the girl’s shoulder. She draws back with flashing oye3, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentleman who has juBt come np the •‘Why, Dobbs, ray good fellow, what’s this?” demands tho new-oomer, before Josie recovers her breath sufficiently to ^The dumpy landlord turns round in evident consternation. “ Ah, it’o you, Sir Arthur, is it!” he cries, in an apologetic voies. “Had no thought of seeing you back so soon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There’s a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir, please.” Mr. Dobb3 ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and Gireets his attention solsl.v to Sir Arthur, as he lias been called; but Sir Arthur himself looks towards her with adminng glances. “I bog your pardon,” ho ventures to sav, after some hesitation ; “ but if I con be of any service to you, it will give me pleasure.” Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp look, and she sce3 at a glance that the man before her is a gentlemen. She makes a quaint curtesy, that strikes the young baronet as being grace itself. V I thank you, monsieur,” efco replies. “ I Stopped here to make inquiries about Aber dudno Lodge. I would be glad if I could get a carriage to take me to the place. That’s it, I believe, on the cliff (here?'’ The landlord makc-s an attempt to speak, but she silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that ho never saw such eyes before, makes answer: “That is Aberdudno Lodge, and a dreary old placo it is. Surely you have no thought of Being there to-night ?” joaio hesitates a minute, glanoing out into Tljs miatyjrloom.--_ VI did think of it,” she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. ■•My dear young lady,” says the gentje man, earnestly, “ 1st me persuade you to give over such a purpose. You havo no ide3 what a steep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodgo is when you arrive there, f web there yesterday myself. The old ledge is falling into ruins, and is quit ■v_2 Tt ^ n fas* ih ?a n. 17rnni deserted. It seems a pity, for it is n grand old structure, dating bock to the days of th8 Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Anbyn’s C£“It is quite deserted, you say?” repeats “ Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghosts, so the country folk about here have it.” • “Not for such a long time, though, Sir Arthur,” puts in the landlord. “An old man lived there until—let’e see—Monday— yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and she took him away.” “ Indeed I” responds Sir Arthur. “I was not aware the old place had been inhabited for years." “ Xe3, Sir Arthur,” continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, •* the old man has lived here for years—one of Lord St. Aubyn’s servants, l think. The old chap never let on what ho | was—mum as n mouse. He came do-n i once in a while for wine; but the lady came, and I sent her up there and she didn't some back. Sho sent word by tho lad as she meant to stay all night-, and take the old man nmay with her next morning. He being her father, I suppose she did, Sir Arthur, ns we’ve not clapped eyes on tho old -’un " And yon havo never heard of any other persona being seen at the lodge ?” asks Josie, ber eyes full of feverish interest. “Never a Boul.miss,” ho replies, cheerfully “only whon Lord St. Aubyn came oneo with ;hi3 sick wife, and that was years ago.” ' Josie gathers up her cloak, and looks dubiously out into the gloomy afternoon. “If you havo a great desiro to see tho old | place,” puts in Sir Arthur, politely, " and would like to go up to-morrow, my dogoart is here, and my man is at your service.” “Thank you, sir,” replies Josie, after a moment’s thought, “ bat since I find the place deserted, I may change my mind. I wifi not put you to further trouble. Good ■ She trips away, and the two men look after her with admiring eyes. “ She don’t belong to these part,’’ remarks tho landlord. Sir Arthur says nothing, but bis faen be trays bis curiosity r-nd interest. Ho stands irresolute an instant, and then strides down tho steps. “You arc not going, Sir Arthur?”;ques tions Dobbs. • . “Yes,” responds the baronet. “nr'be bnck in an hour. Keep my dinner bat-.” ’ ■ ' Ho walks rapidly away, in tho same direc tion in which Josio has just disappeared—a circumstance which elicits a shrew.d wink and shrug of tho shoulderB from the landlord, as' ho makes his way back to tbo inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues his walk^ and in a very fow minutes comes in sight of Josio. She is in the main street which runs through the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdudno Ledge. She walks on briskly for somo time, and Sir Arthur follows, keeping her in sight, i “ Now, I should like to know,” he thinks, “ who ehe is, and what she wants at snoh a i place as Aberdudno?” Ho alaokens his pace, for Josie has paused i in her brisk walk and stands irresolute, with j i her oyea fixed upon the old lodge. For the | \- space of a moment ehe lingers, then strikes j ! boldly out into the sandy olifi rond winding 1 upwards to the lodge on tho Bummit of tho l dill.—(To be continued.') 344 