LOCAL NEWS. I On Sunday next, May 10th, there will be a transit of the planet Mercury aoross the aun'e dlso, omumenolng at 10 minutes past 10 a.m., aud ucoupylng 4 houra and 66 minuteB In transit. Tbn apparent motion of tbe planet being retrograde, 11 will appear to move across tbe dlso of the sun from east to west, and will have tbe appearance of a large black rouud spot. The right ascension of the sun and planet la 8b. 6m. 56... and tbe declination of tbe sun 17° 82' 2* 2 North, and nf ihe planet 17* 18' 1* 4 North, and they are in tbe constellation Aries. The sun's hourly motion in right ascent Inn Is 2' 2* 3 Kast, aud tlin planet's motion 1' 18* 6 West. The shortest transit of Mercury yet re corded was tbat of November 12th, 1782 ; It fasted only 1 hoar and 14 talaoies ,'and tbe longest, tbat nf May Stb, 1876, whlob lasted 7 bourn aud 47 minutes. The average duration Is about 4 hours, Owing to the heilnoentrlo position of the nodes, transits nf Mercury always happen In May or November. Tbe planet is pass ing through tbe descending node wben tbn transit oocurs in May, and In tbe nsoendlng node wben It ooours In No vember. t'he next May transit of Met p.ury will happen on May 7th, 1924. During tbn interval of 83 years there will be three November transits, viz, No vember 10th, 1894 ; November 12th, 1807 ; and November 6ib, 1914. It will be eeen by tbe Council reports tbat tbe application to the Treasury fur loan of £7000 to pay ofl tbe present bank overdraft baa been refected. Alderman J. M. 8tufford, who was tbe prime mover in tbis matter, bas announced tbat be will shortly bring before tbe Council the alternative proposal. That is tbat a scheme of works be drawn up, with necessary epeaificalionB aud esti mate of cost, and tbe Government ap proached for a loan. In teruiB of tho Lical Works Lotos Act. Ou Ibis being ac quired, the general rate, or portion of it, will he used to liquidate the bank over draft. In connection with yesterday's meeting the chief aod almost the only huBiness that|detained tbe councillors till midnight was tbe uew water rating pro posals of tbe Waterworks Committee, which provides a construction rate of }d. on tbe unimproved value of land, and a consumption rate levied differentially, as tbe combined result of various considerations of capital value, quantity of water estimated to be used, locality, &i.; This scheme was adopted wltb only a very slight alteration, and tbe town solicitor bas now to frame tbe loug delayed water rate by-law embody ing this scheme. Tbe other new by-laws of tbe Conucil bave been waiting over two years for the inclusion of this one before being adopted as a whole aud brought into use. AT tbe Exhibition yesterday the at tendance was moderate. In the evening a magic lantern entertainment was given, comprising home views and por traits of local publlo men, etc. Several sougs were rendered during the evening. This evening about 40D visitors will ar rivo from Bundaberg, reaching tbe station -t 10.45. They will be welcomed by the Mayor, aud special efforts will be made to entertain tbe visitors during tbe day. In the afternoon there will be a flower show, and In tbe evening tber« will tie a series of charming tablaux vivants, arranged by Miss Martin, bead mistress of tbe Girls Grammar School, who arrauged something of tbe kind before very successfully. There will also bn tbe usual scieatlflc lectures. The very large railway map of Queensland rail ways bas now beeu hung. Last nlgbt tbe committee met aud decided positively to close tne Museum on Monday evening, when special efforts will be made to make most of tbe last night, and there will be a public closing ceremouy. As tbe Exhibition la closing In a few days, those who have not ye*, visited should not neglect to do so. At Howard on Tuesday evening last a very pleasant ceremony took plaoe, wben Mr. Bath, postmaster, was tbe recipient of a handsome silver cake basket and gold pencil, tbe gift of the congregation and school children of St. Matthew's English C'nuroh, Dciriag Mr. Btth's residence at Howard be bad become quite popular, and for tbe past elx 70a rg occupied the position of oburebwarden at St. Matthews, In which capacity he worked most assiduously for t ie advance ment of the cburcb. At the request of the parishioners tbe Rev. R. R. Eva journeyed down, and made tbe presenta tion. Mr. Batb, aooompanlsd by his wife and family, left by tbe steamer Rodondo yesterday afternoon for Qulntou, near Charters Towers, to wblch townsbip he has been removed. | A meeting of parlsbouers of St. Paul's Church of England was held in tbe Sun day schoolroom last night, tbe Rev. B. B. Eva in tbe chair and a fair attend ance. The obalrman announced tbat tbe object of tbe meeting was to consider the state and position of tbe organ. After a discussion It waa resolved tbat tbs organ being so seriously out of repair It be re paired, and tbat it be taken down from tbe gallery and re- srected in tbe corner next tbe obsncel, on tbe rigbt hand aide, faolng tbe cbancel. Committees were appointed to oolleot funds for tbe pur poea and to carry out tbe proposals. Tenders wete also reoeived for the repair of tbe organ and referred to tbe manag ing committee. A pbactice match under Rugby rules will come off to-morrow afternoon ou tbe reserve. Tbe teams will be chosen by J. Waterston aud F. Ivory, and several old Rugby players will be on tbe field to initiate tbe men Into tbe mysteries of paoking a scrum, passing, dribbling, tackling, off aud ou side, end all tbe latest wrinkles In tbe Rugby rules. There ie a probability of Brisbane giving us a game on tbelr way to Rockhampton. eo players will have to brusb up and get a thorough buowledge of tbe game to be able to meet wltb oredit euob a team m will be sent by tbe metropolis. The Tinana Christy Minstrels give a Hospital benefit entertainment in the Town Hall to-nlgbt, and' tbelr lone and varied programme la published in this Issue. It iuoludei tbe usual minstrel in troduction, wltb comio songs and ballads. Tbere will be several nigger sketches, and a concluding farce of » mirth pro voking character. The performers bad a good rehearsal last ulgbt, and tbe enter tainment should be an amusing one, and as it Is for tbe benefit of tbe Hospital tbe atteudanoe will po doubt be large. A TELEGRAM was reoeived In town yesterday from our senior member ( J, T. An near, E-q.), stating tbat be bad for warded a ten-guinea trophy by the steamer Rsuelagb to the Wide Bay Row ing Club. Tbla Is in oombllsooe wltb a promise made by our member during his reoent trip bare. We believe that tbe fienny subscription list to assist tbe olub n tbe ereotiou of a new shed Is atill receiving support, and tbat by tbe time tbe list Is olosed, tbe pennies will amount to a decent sum. GOOD MORNING I Have you used Pears' Soap? Tub only business man In Mary borough who can afford to do without advertising, is Elijah Watson. Dr Garde returned home yesterday frmu ttie ' seat of war,' and Dr. Cox, of Brlsbahe, also passed through on the same boat on his homeward Journey. Three of the Gymple ambulance oorpe and a local innunted Infantry man, alto returned, tbe former proceeding home by tbe afternoon's train. Dr. Garde Informs tin on being questioned, that Unexamined tbe Gymple volunteer O'Callagbau, who It waa said was poisoned by some one on tbe eoene, and Is fully of opinion tbat he was sufferlrg from a dose of strychnine, The monthly sitting of tbe Licensing Bench was held yesterday before G. L. Lukiu, Esq., P.M.. D. Clarke, and D. Rankin, Eiqs., JJ.P., wben tbe follow! ug transfers were grant#l;— Matthew Hogan to Patrick Joyce, Royal Exchange Hotel ; Carl Jooumnen to Charles Rabta, Aus tralian Hotel. The following gentlemen have been elected as the committee of management of tbe Presbyterian Churob for tbe cur rent year Messrs. J, Blancbard, John Bartholomew, D. Kerr, John Young, Geo. Horsburgb, Juor., Tbos. Rosa, J. Lin It later, Rob*,. Dawson, Jan. Stafford, and Edward Woedrow. Titb following Is the return and report of the Maryborough Hospital for the week ending May 2nd, 1891 Remained, 82; since admitted. 12; total, 44; dis charged, S; died, 0; remaining— Males, 27 ; females, 12 ; total, 89 ; out-patlente, 19 ; total treated, 58. A clean sbeet was presented at tbe Police Court yesterday. I presume (writes tbe social gossip cor reepondent Of tbe Melbourne Argus) tbat Australians would view wltb reeentment any attempt to Interest tbem In tbe Ibaen controversy. You have bad a dose ef Ibsen In its most diluted form, and ad ministered by tbe charming hand of Miss Janet Aoburob, and bave violently re jected the potion. Hern the oraz-* has been revived la an offensive form— two of tbe chief priests of the cult eeekiog to at tract attention to their show by the well worn device of engaging in a bogus quar rel with one another. They have found an Anglr, -German gentleman of financial spirit to engage a theatre for tbem, where worshippers are admitted without pay ment, but on tbe honourable understand ing that tbey will contribute to the funds of the society. Having thus, as tbe be lieve freed themselves from tbe Jurisdic tion of the Lord Chamberlain, tbe IbBenitea bave already given arepresenta tion nf the master's most gruesome work, 'Ghosts,' and tbn rest of the dreadful series are promised. The chief priests of Ibsenism at tbe present moment are William Archer, thedramaticcritic nf the World ; George Bernard Shaw, Its musi cal critic ; the poet Grose, Justin Huntley M'Cartby, Miss Kennard, tbe original Kangaroo Girl of ' Dr. Bill.' Lady Colin Campbell, George Moore, 'the English Zola ;' aod the editor of the Pall Mall Gazette. They make a nice crowd alto gether. We are threatened with a second 'Independent Theatre' besides that which is dedicated tn Ibsen It Is projected by Mr. Justin Hontley M'Car tby and a Mr. Colnaghl, and Is designed for full-dress* 8 luday evenimc plays by the best professionals in Loudon 1 I ein oerely hope that the scheme will be throttled by tbe Sabbatarians before it comes to life, because it is an affair invol ving a subscription, which is always a thing to be avoided in this world. The exploration party equipped by Sir Tbnmas Elder forms the subject of a enloglBtlc article in the South Australian Register . in tbe course of which tbat journal remarks : ' Sir Thomas shows at once his thoroughness in well doing and bis confidence in the leader of bis party Wben be gives an open order for tbe equipment, tbe duration of the explora tion, and tbe expense. If £10,000 be not enough another £10,000 may be drawn, and even that does not define the ex treme limit. It seems a pity tbat Sir Thomas Elder and the few colonistB that reaemble blm in displays of patriotic zeal are not able to infect more of our wealthy men with a similar spirit. The number of publlo bequests of South Australia, al tbougb tbey constitute a fairly larg^ list, is still quite incommenBU'ate with the opportunities for them. Under present circumstances Sir ThomaB Elder bas sa gaciously given to his munificence tbe beet direction which It Could take, but at otber times be has richly endowed our eduoatlonal Institutions. Few men can afford to despatch exploring expeditious at their own expense, but many, like 8ir George Grey might enrich the public libraries and art galleries, for iustance, with contributions, wblcb can hardly he expeoted to come wholly from national eouroes in a young country whilst so much expensive work of settlement de mands attention. A capital chance 1s offered for eome of our wealthy absentees to acknowledge tbeir obligations 10 the colony. It is to be hoped tbat diffidence will not prevent tbem from exerolslng tbelr privileges.' The Charters Towen limes In leader receotiy stated tbat theemployers in that town bave determined to reduce wages all round. 