THE DARLINGFORD RABBITS. When a little ioy (aye, it is some time ngo) my grandmother and other old la'ies alwi?y maintained that I hadl the hump at inqmsitiveness strong y deo,elopel, and this fregnlntly led to my hair anti cars being pretty saondly putlrl. Yet e en how, hen my head is hald anti my • lack" are like the snow, the said hump seems to he in just as goot witking t rder as ever, for when I see enm thing I e ne done, the c.ase andl effect of which are a mystery, I can neither rest nonr sleep until I have arriedl at sutuething lhke a , tlifactry expltaation. At the present moment I.am o*nmperelV a Mea, as tie saying goes, concerning a little matter which his occutl'red a esly in the aa lingford distri t in connection with the ra .bit pla.as he Inspector pai a visit to this district about a ortnight agno. On arrival Ie was taken in andl by a Incal gentlemnan who. I presume tnetetl in the dual capacity of guide and oulasellor. There -an f e no doubt as to tiii gentleman's ability to give advice " re anlny.' seeing that he has his own shahe (anal a ery fair one it is) of ralbbits on his own lad ; neirher wonld atny lone think of c·lling in iqtluc tinl the im. partiality of the advice ahli gtenticm anwo 1 la likely to five tile inueect r leaing thZil e is a ataaa whio lhas always striven to live in pIwce and haramony with his neihlarn.s, ',noing lltun at erB as he would that othlra shouIl do unto I;im. This all adds to the mystery surrounding the wit le affair, and laven men in a.ch a a qaa. dara. that I an} forced to seek through the mledilam l f your vainble paper suchl alight information as may lead to the explauation of this very per plexing situaaton \- Twol . lruther occuly land in the parsh of l arlinfofd One hais i' i'. a the lexandrm rea d, a)out two miles distant from tile town Ip and knowtn as iBushy Park. 'Thia brother and' his land shall stand as m N. 1. The holling of the other brutter ia situated about five miles distant froma No. I. to .Jerasalem Creek, aidjoining tie bounliary of the Parish of " lodge 'a.rk." ''tiis brother and his land will la No. 2 Notices to destroy thie rabbits have been sent to tlhos young me , andl t. far a I am able to indl out no lone else in the district has received sauh. As legards No 1 paddock, th re are lota of rabbits, as tlhere are on ail the land, in a ridlus of over two miles amround the township. Why single oatthis pjaddock, especially at this time of the year,. wlen feed is green oand p entilul The peat. are not nearly sm numerous as they were twelve months ago, ot ing to the amount of lrisoned grain amd aipples, &e.; which wree' laid, wheal grass was try andl lirnt up, alsi oawing to the numbers destroyed by dogas nal guns, added to thlose taktan out of lags andl burrows. It mnay be said that the rabaits go out of this panldock to tile adljaininn liAnd. This is not st, Let ally six. imlnprtial menl stroll along tile rat??l about sundown fnad I gluarantee that thely see ten ral, its going into No. i for every .: 'pem crossing out of it. Believe me rahhlts, a.s regards feeding grounda, are very msuch like hutman beings; they wont go out of Paradise iato Purgaitory to look for food. Now sir, Iasonu e the padsatlk on JetSsa. lea Creek (No 2). Tie intice to destroy says, a' containing 240 aeres". In soy opiniaon this is arhblei iaformatio,. not; de1,.attamaes tal, neeing that it contains 3lI9 )ures witl int. a rabbit to be see on it. unless they have' been very recently seen or plst therei for wlhen tile sheepa were' mstered out of the luldock not tile trace of a ratbit nor the ghost of one was een, When the inspetorplid his viit. w(ayallt, hle fitet go to this p?uldock Why diaV Ito not. intetview either of thise two olnunc men, andl, as other in eatoers do, advise them or their representatives as to thb. best means or" ale' hod of delalig with tile peal ? Are'thoerv two younag en chosen for solme special sacri fic al offering, as the inspector's naime-sake was chosen long ages ago, . If tho juipectnr wi I inforn us whalt (totl or Godtes is to he propitlalted by the sacrifice Mine lit le light. maily perhap Ibe thrown upon this matte r, whsich, I cUta assure hilm, has elusmed quite a. little excitement in tllis very quiet locality: . 