HAND AND 'RING-. . ? -j . — = ? _ BtA. K. Gkeen. BOOK I. THE GENTLEMAN FROM TOLEDO. Chapter VI. THE SKILL OF AN AETIST. ' A hit, a very palatable hit.' ~ Hamlet. He found it occupied by some half-dozen men, one of whom immediately attracted his attention by bis high-bred air, and total absorption in ttio paps? he wns reading. Ho was evidently a stronger, and, though not without some faint saarko of a tendency to gentlemanly dissipation, was, to say the least, inoretban ordinarily good loolring, possessing a large, manly figure, and a fair, regular-featured face, above which obone a thick crop of short curly hoir, of a paculiarly bright blond colon?. Ho was sitting at d email fable, drawn oomewhot apart from the rest, and was, as I have oaid, engrossed with a newspaper, to the nttev exclusion of any apparent interest in the talk that was going on at the othev end of the room. And yet this talk was of tho most animated description, and wns seemingly cf a natuie to attract the attention of the mos1; in different. At all events. Mr. Byrd considered it go ; and, offcoF one comprehensive glance at 4he elogant Qtrongev, that took ia not only the personal characteristics'! have noted, but also tho frown of deep thought and ansious care that furrowed 0 naturally smooth forehead, he passed quietly up the room, and took his otand among the group of loungers there assembled. Mr. Byrd wan aot unknown to the habitues of that place, and bo oessation took place in the conversation. They wore discussing an occur rence slight enough in itself, bat made interest ing and dramatic by the unconscious enthnoiasm of the chief speaker, a young fellow of iadiffer» ent personal appearance, but with a fervid flow of wordp, and a knock ox presenting o subject that reminded you of the actor's power, and mode you as anxious to watch hia gesticulations as to hear tho words that accompanied them. s I tall you/ he was saying, ' that it wag just a leaf out of the play. She was so handsome, so impressive iu bos? trouble aad anxiety, or what eves? ifc was that agitated her, and be so dark, and ao determined in his trouble of anxiety, or whatever it was that agitated bim. They came in at different doors, she at one side of the depot and he at another, and they met just where I could see them both, directly in the cento of the room. ' Yon !' wco her involuntary cry, and she throw up her heads before her face juot as if obe had eoea a1 ghost os1 a demoa. An equal eseln matioB buzot from Mm ; but he did not cover his eyes, only stood and looked at he!?, qs if ho were tuvaed to stone. 6 Wero you coming to see sneP' came from hex? lips m 0 wbispos? 30 fraught with secret horror and anguish that it curdled my blood to hew it. ' Were yoa com ing to see me ?' was bio response, uttered in an equally suppseaaed voioes aad with aa equal in tensity of expression. Aad then, without either giving an answer to the other's questioa, they both shrank back, and, turning, fled with dis tracted looks, each by the way they had come, the two doo?s closing with a simultaneous bang that echoed through that miserable depot like a knell. There wero not many folks in the ?oom juafc at that minute ; but, I tell yon, those that were looked at each othei? os they had not done before, and would aot be likely to do again. Some unhappy tragedy underlies ouch a meet ing and parting, gentlemen, nnd, I foe ono, wotdd rathes? not inquire what.' 'But the girl — the mnn— didn't you see them again before yoa leftP' asked an eageE voice from the group. ? The young lady,' remarked tho other, ' was on the train that brought me here. The gentle man went the other wnv.° 'Oh!' 'Ah!' and5 Where did she get off?' rose, in a somewhat; deafening clamour, around him. ' I did not observe. She ooemed greatly dis tressed, if not thoroughly overcome, and, ob sarving her pull down hei? veil, I thought she did not relish my inquiring Icoks ; and, as I could not sit within view of her and not watch her, I discreetly betook myself into the smoking car, where I stayed till wo Graved at this place.' ' Hum '.' ' Hg, !' ' Oai'ious V ccose in chorasonce more, and then, the general sympathies of the crowd being exhausted, two ov three or Bore of the group sauntered up to the bar, and the rest sidled restlessly cut of the room, leaving the en* thusiostio speaker alone with Mr. Byrd. ' A strange scene !' exclaimed the laftsr, in faoing just enough of seeming interest into hio osaally nonchalant tone to excite the vanity of tho person he addressed, and snake him more than over ready to tolk. 8 1 wish I had been in 5 oaf place,' continued Mr, Byrd, almost enthu siastically. ' I Qm sure I woald have made a picture of that oeene that would have been vesy tolling in the gozotto I dsaw foi?.' 0 Do you make pictures for paperaP' the yoong Mlow inquired, Isia respect visibly lising. 'Soratttrats,' the imperturbable detective re plied, and in so doing told no move than tho troth. He had d rase talent Fop oIE-houd oketch ing, and not infrequently made nae oi ifc to in crease the funds of the family. ' Well, that is somothiag I would lilro io do/ acknowledged tho yorath, oui'veying tho othes.1 ovei with curioac ovos; ' but 1 haven't a oant'o wotth of talent foi' it. I can 000 a ccoao ia my mind now— thio oae, for instance— juot aa plaia ao I ode coo yono All tho doiails o£ it, you know ; tho wax; fchoy Dtood, fiko clothes ihoy wore, tho Joolso oa tfeoli1 fcooo, nad oil thnt 5 focfc tffeoa I try to pEfc ifc oa papoi1, why, I juofc can't, that's all.' ' Youi' forto lioo anothos1 way/ rema'kod M?. Byrd. ' Ycu can present a scene oo v^idly tbat a person who had not neon it for himnslf might easily put it oa popes1 juot from yous.' descrip tion. See now !° And he caught ap a aheet of papas? from tho desk, and eamod it £0 a side table. ' Juot toll me what depot this ~/&a; in,' Tho yoang fellow, greatly interested at once, leaned ovof the detective's ohouldoi' and eagesly replied : 'The depot at Syjcocso.' Mr. Byrd nodded and maie a few atsolces with his pencil oa the paper before him. ' How was the lady dressed P' ho jipst asked. 'In blue ; dark blue cloth, Siting like a glove. Fine figure, you kuov1/, very tall nnd unusually large, but perfect, I assure you, perfect. Yea, that ia vory like it/ he wont on, watching the quick, assured strokes of ths other with grow ing wonder and unbounded admirction. ' You havo caught tho- exact pose of the head, oh I live, and — yes, a large hat with tv/o fea thers, sir, two feathers drooping oves the side, so ; a bog on the arm ; trco flounces on tho skirt ; 11 — oh! tho face? Wall, handsome, sir, very handsome; straight nose, largo eyes, determined mouth, strong, violently ofjitut'd expression. Well, I will give up ! a photograph couldn't have done her bottom justice, You are a genius, sir, 0 genias !' Mr. Byrd iecoivsd this tribute to his skill with, some coniaoion and a deep blus.-, v?hichh6 vainly sought to hide by bonding lower over isio wo?Ir, In© man, now, ao aaggested, with the loast perceptible change ia his voice, that, however, escaped the attention of his comptn oo. '' What V7gb he like ; young or old P' 'Well, yonng — about twenty-five, I should say; medium height, but ve?y firmly and squarely bnilt, with a fatrong face, large mous tache1, brilliant eyeo, and a look — I cennot describe it, but you have caught that of the lady so well, you will, aoabtlost, oucc^ed in getting his also.' Bat Mr. Byi'd's pencil moved with less cer tainty now, and it was come time before ho could catch even the pecu'-iarly sturdy aspect of the figure which made this unknown gentleman, aa the young fellow declared, look like c modern Hercules, thongh ho was far from boine either large or tall. The face, too, presented difficulties hs wds for from experiencing in the case of the lady, and the young fellow at his side wao obliged to mcke several GUi?gebtionp, such as : — ' A littlo more hail1 oa the forehead, if you please — lhare was quite a Io?k showing baneatb his hat ;' or, 'A trifle lesa sharpness to the chin, — so ; or ' Stay, you have got it too square eow ; tone it down a hair's breadth and you will got it/ before he received even tho somewhat hesi» tating acknowledgment from the other o£: ' Thore, that is something like him !' Bat ho had not expected to succeed v^vy well in this part of the picture, and was nnfficiei tly pleased to have gained a very correct notion of the style of clothing the gentleman wore, whieb, it io needless to state, waamonfc faithfully repro duced in the sketch, even if the exect expression oE the otiong and sacsculine face was not., 8 A'ffeally remarkable bit pf woylr/ admitted the yoHDg fellow when tlse wholo was com pleted. ' And ao true to the aceno, too, as half the illustration? given ia the weekly newspapers. Would you mind letting me have it as a sou venir P' he eagerly inquired. 'I would like to nhow it to a chap who was with me at the time. Tho likeneon to the lady is wonderful/. But Mr. Byrd, with hia moa*. carolers air, had already thpuot the picture into his pocket, from ?which ha refused to withdraw it, saying, with an easy laugh, that it might coma in ploy with him sometime, and that he could not afford to part with it. At which romorfe tbe young fellow looked disappointed and vaguely rattled somo ooins he had in hia pocket ; bat meeting with no encouragement from the other, forbore to pra&n; his request, and turned it into aa invitation to join him in a social glass at the bar. To this slight token of appreciation Mr. Byrd did not choose to turn a deaf ear. So the drinks being ordered, he proceeded to clink glasses with the yoathful stranger, taking ths oppoitunity, at the Qame time, of glancing ovar to the largo, woll-built man whose qaiet absorption in the paper he was reading had so attracted bio atten tion when he firtt come in, To hio supzise he found that person iust as ongrossad in tho news as ever, not & feature os.1 an oyolaoh appearing to have moved since the time he looked at him last. Mr. Byrd was so astonished at this that when he left the room a few minutes late* he took oc casion in passing the gentleman, to glance at the paper he wds studjicg so industriously, and, to his eurprioe, foand it fo be cothing more no?1 le d than the advertising sheet o| the New York Herald. ' A follow of my own craft/ was his instan taneous conclaaion. Bat a moment's consideia tion assured him that this could not bo, as to detective worthy the name would place so little value upon tho randerbtanding of those about him as to sifc for a half-hour with his eyes upon D sheet o£ popes? totally davoid of nev?s, no mat tes whnfc his parpose might be, ov how great was his interest in the conversation 60 which he was secretly listening. No ; this gentleman was what ho Doomed to be, a mere otr-inger with oomithiafjo£ a ssrioua and engrossing nature upon his mind, os? else ho was an amateur, who for some reason was acting the part of a detec tive without either tho skill or experience of one. Whichever theory might be true, this gentle mau was a person who at this time aod in this place waa woll worth watching : that is, if a snnn had any iQaeon for interesting himself in tho pursuit of poooiblo claoo to tho mystery of Mt a. ClemmoEs' murder. Bat M.t. Byrd felt that Sho no longer possoaced a professional right to auola ioteEoot ; t:o leaving behind him this fino- loobing gentlGimsn, togaf&ej;? with oil tho inevitable oopieofBTCB ufeiofe the Ipttes'fl peculiar mannas had irresistibly awak ened, ho proceeded -o regain his room and enter upon that contemplation of tho picture he had made, which wds naturally domundod by his re gard for one of the persons there depicted. Jt wao a vigorous okofcefo, and the slow blush crept up and dyed Mr. Byrdja forehead os he fjaaed at it and jrea.Jized ther'pQrfection of the likeness he had drawn of Miea Daro. Yes, there was her form, her face, her expression, her very self. She it was and no other who had been the heroine or tho strange scons enacted that day in the Syracuse depot ; o sceae to which, by means of this ioaprorapta sketch, he hod now become as nearly a witness aa any one could hope for who had aot ban aottmlly upon the spot. Strange! And he had been go anxious to know what had altered tho mind of this lady aad seat her book to Sibley before her journey was half compittad-had pondered ao long and voiply upon tho whys and wherefores o? an action who«o motive he had a&ver; expected to understand, but which he now saw suggested in a pcene thct seriously whetted, if it did not tho roughly satisfy, his curiosity. Tho moment he had cbosin to portray was that in which the eyes of the two met and fcheis? titht ins :inctive recoil took piece. Turning his attention from that of the lody and bestowing it upon that of the man, he perceived there ths horror and shrinking which ho had imprinted bo successfully upon heis That the expression was true, though tho countenance was not, he had no doubt. The man, whatever his name, nature, calling, or hisiory, recoiled from a meet ing with Imogene Dare as paasioaateiy as she did from one with him. Both had started from home with a simultaneous intention of seeking the other, and yet, at the fi?sfc recognition o£ thia fact, both hod started and drawn back as if death rather than life had confronted them in each other's faces. What did it mean P What sacret of a deep and deadly nature coald lie be tween the as two, that a scene of such import could take place betweea thom P Ho dared not think; he could do ^ofchiag but gcza sjpon the figure of the man he had portrayed, and wonder if he would be able to identify the ocig'nai in ease he ever- taet bim. The face was more or less a failure, of course, bat the foena, the out of tha clothes, the manner of earrings, and the ge neral aspoct 0? strong and puiasant manhood which distinguished the whole figure, could not be so far from correct but that, with a hint from surrounding circumstances, ho v;oald know tho man hiraaeli when he saw him. At all eveats, bo meant to imprint the possible portrait upon his mind in coae ? in case what? Pausing, he asked himself this qae&tion; with stern determi nation, and could find ao answer, ' I will burn the obttsh at once-, and think o£ it and her no more/ he muttered, half-nsiag. But hs did not do it. Some remembrance crossed his mind of what the young fellow downstairs had said about retaining it as a sou venir, and he ended in folding it up and putting is away somewhat carefully in his memorandum* book, with a vow that he would leave Sibley and its troublous mystery at the first moment of re-. lease that he could possibly obtain. The pang which this deciaion eosthiuj convioesd him that it was indeed high timo he did so. (To ha continued.) 