Wine Casks Free of Duty. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Having observed that the Vinegrowers' Association waited upon the Treasurer on the question of casks that had been sent out of the colony being admitted on return free of duty, allow me to inform you that the casks which are sent out of the colony with wine are not wanted, because those casks; are all mouldy, sour, and not fit for use again. It is the fresh quarters which have been bought up by thou- sands in Sydney for the present winemaking season that the winemakers wish to come in free of duty. The Government last year branded every cask that was likely to come back with the Customs brand. At the last Vinegrowers' Association meeting one of the speakers said he had great difficulty in getting two consignments of casks through the Customs. If those casks had the Customs brand of South. Australia on them there would have been no difficulty. Those two consignments were bought in Sydney, and none of the casks had been used in South Australia before. The wish of the vinegrowers is that all casks, for their use should come into this port free of duty. The duty on casks in this colony is only 25per cent.; wine is protected by 200 per cent. There are 998 vinegrowers in South Australia, and only 14 belong to the Vine growers' Association. It appears, therefore, that 984 vinegrowers are quite satisfied with the present duty on casks.— I am, &c.;, A MAN WHO KNOWS. Sir — In July, 1S89,& deputation of coopers waited on the Treasurer to ask that the duty on casks should be enforced as meant by Parliament. It was explained to Mr. Bolder that any casks then in or made in the future fn tbe colony when exported should have a Government brand placed on them, and should be admitted duty free as many times as they returned to South Aus tralia, hut that all others should pay duty according to tariff. Mr. Holder agreed to this. In your issue this morning a wioeniaker is reported to have said while waiting on the Premier as a member of a deputation that the duty should be removed, stating that the coopers cannot supply seasoned casks, viz., quarter- casks, yet this same winemaker has several coopers at his vineyard making hogsheads for exporting wine in. Anyone would sup pose there is no seasoned timber in South Australia. There is plenty. The seasoning this winemaker wants is a cask made in, say France (at half the prbe ib could be made in Adelaide), sent to London full of 6pirit, the timber soaking up a portion of the spirit, emptied there, the cask then shooked, that js Knocked down and made into a small pae-tsge and sent to South Australia duty free. I would like to tell you of a few of the ways casks come in duty free. Casks made in London have been imported into South Australia with whitening ai.d other cheap things, so that the cask was of more value than its contents. The brewers got caeks from Western Australia, sent there from England full of beer, admitted here duty free under the heading of empty returns. About three months ago 148 tallow cask shooks arrived from Victoria. The coopers held a meeting, appointed a deputation, and waited ou Mr. r lay ford. They got the information that the.y were about half undervalued after going about 12 times, but no information as to whether the full duty would be enforced, or the importer would be prose cuted for fraud. Now the Treasurer is considering tne matter for the winemakers perhaps this will help him to a decision. — I am, &.C., PROTECTION. I Adelaide, December 1, 1S91. J Sir— The -winegrowers of this and the other colonies would give the coopers a very poor show to get .1 living- if they could once gei wine casks into the country duty free. I see that a deputation from the Vignerons' Association waited on the Treasurer, and amongst other things stated that the coopere could nor. supply them with seasoned quarter casks. Now T would like to ask Mr. Hardy how it is that they (the winegrowers) have been able to keep up a supply of seasoned casks, as I know that several coopering firms had large orders for wine oasks last year. J think if winegrowers succeed in their object we may give up the ghost at once. Hoping ihe coopers, both einp!03'ers and men. will form a counter deputation to the Treasurer— I am, &c.;, CHIPS. Laura, December 1, 1S91. Elsewhere Mr. Alfred Krichwff announces himself as a licensed land broker, land and estate agent, &c.; The secretary of the Broken Hill Pro prietary Company (Mr. Wm. Knox) tele graphed on Thursday: — 'The directors decided to- day not to fill up the vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Drew until the half-yearly meeting, when share holders will make their own selec tion. This decision has been Arrived at in consequence of the number of candidates offer irs£.' An accident of an extraordinary nature happened on Wednesday night to Mr. F. C. 3falin, manager of Messrs. Luxmoore & Co. '5 wool establishment at the Port. It appears that at about 9 o'clock, having some business to transact with the mate of the Barossa, which is loading wool opposite the store, he made his way towards the ship and instead of going along the vessel's gangway tried to get over her bulwarks, the result being that he fell into the water between the ship's side and the wharf. The remarkable thing is that al though the ship was very close to the wharf and there were two fenders over, only allowing a space of. about 3 ft. between, Mr. Malin providentially went between the two and after sinking twice was rescued by the crew of the Barossa and hauled on board in a very exhausted condition. Air. Malin on Thursday appeared none the worse for his ad venture. Owing to indisj-osition Mr. Holder was unable to be present in the Assembly on Thurs day evening, although he occupied his seat until the dinner adjournment. Dr. Cockburn has been absent in consequence of ill-health for two days this week, while Jlr. Caklwell had again to do duty for Mr. Catt as Chair man of Committees on Thursday evening. At a meeting of the Hugh Giluiore Fund committee held ou Thursday it was reported that promises to the amount of £ol(i had been received, while about 400 lists have yet to come in. Mr. H. S. Taylor lias undertaken to lecture on Mr. Gilmore at the Demoaratic Club next Sunday. Arrangements are being made to publish over twenty of Mr. Gilmore's sermons without delay; and a literary sub committee was appointed with a view to pub lishing at a later period his lectures, stories and other literary remains, together with a memoir of his H£e and work in England and Australia. Two donations ot £20 each w.--re nnounctd. 