AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL— HAMLET. xiamiot was played last evening at tho Theatre Royal, Mr. Rontley appearing as tho Frince, and Miss Hanson, a new actress, recently arrived from London, as Ophelia. Tlio performance presented no features of novelty or interest beyond tho representation of tho two characters mentioned, and judging from the stage accessories provided tho management did notanticipatcAvcrylcngthyrun. Indeed itwould seem not alono from tho economy displayed iu the mountiug, but in tho selection of tho night for tho introduction ofMr. Rentloy in ono of his " star " parts that tho managomont was dubious A9 to the result, nud that Shakspearo under nny circumstances and in any form implied finananeial disaster. This arrangement was hardly fair to to Mr. Rentloy, but ho neverthe less struggled manfully through tlio IniBincsB. His Hamlet may bo described as all bis own. It is unique, and if it is not nltogetlicr original, but rather the rosult of skilful mosaic work, it possesses a certain amount of attractiveness, and would probably, if .performed for tho first timo on a Saturday night when the galleries are! crowded, hnvo evoked thunders of applnus. Mr. Rcntlcy'fl Hnmlct is essentially melodramatic. Ho makes overy point tell from a picturesque' point of view. His attiro is as dainty as that of a Yonotian noblo in the Middle ages, the sombre tone of tho small clothes being relieved by chains and jewels, while his ravon locks aro pooticnlly massed over a brow romlcred interesting, if not striking, by "the pale cast of thought." The usual cloak is dis carded in the earlier scenes, except when Hamlet walks the ramparts at night to meet tho ghost. Mr. Rentloy seems more intent upon posing as a nice young man than as tho noble Dane. He is always focussod by the lime light which follows him through every mood the bettor to display his mobility of features. At the proper time also slow music accompanies his action, so that tho most slender intelligence could hardly fail to grasp tho notor's idea of what Hamlet ought to be. It was not made quite clear whether ho had decided in his mind as to tho sanity or other wise of the Prince. That appeared to him to bo a matter of no histrionic iinportnnco, and per haps ho was so far right. In most Hamlets that have been witnessed in Molbourno the royal Dane lias been surrounded with an atmosphere of metaphysical subtlety, a high intellectuality and philosophical grandeur of thought that made a deep impression upon the audience, and caused thein to follow, not so muoh tho mero acting, as the gradual development of the character of tho man represented. Mr. Bentloy esohews all that. Ho makes tho situations protty rather than awe inspiring, and he care fully avoids any approach to vehemence nnd ranting. In many of the soliloquies he was very ineffective, and especially m To Bo or Not to Re, which was hardly worthy of tho veriest amnteur. Before commencing it lie menacingly approaches the dingy looking curtains, and, peeping out, ho returns and takes his seat with the light well on to his figure, and he retains this position nearly to the close of the soliloquy. In tho Play Scene, and, indued, throughout the third act his manner somewhat improved, and in more than one instance ho displayed more real ability than ho might have been credited with. In several of the subsequent scenes also he was very effective. Miss Hansen as Ophelia made a very favorable impression, and evokod reiterated applause, especially for the Mad Bcene. The principals were indifferently supported, except in tho part of Folonius. The Melbourne Popular Concerts were resumed yesterday afternoon at the Masonic Hall, the attendance being moderate. In view of the heavy loss so recently sustained by the com munity in the death of Mr. Zorbini, whose know ledge of chamber music was both extensive and profound, it would have been sanguine to look for the same amount of artistic finish in the quartet playing that has recently been observable at these concerts. On the other hand, Mr. IClein, tho director, must bo congratulated upon having, at such abort notice, obtained an efficient successor to the deceased gentle man, in tho person of Mr. F. Diericli. Mendelssohn's string quartet in E minor was on the whole very capRhly played by Messrs. Klein, Schroder, Dierich nnd Fiatti, the most successful of the four movements being the scherzo aud the final presto ; the effect of tho work was unfortunately somewhat marred by a contretemps' in the shape of a broken 'cello string, which necessitated a break in continuity. Happily the affair occurred after the conclusion of a movement, and the remainder of the quartet was postponed, lilr. Ernest Hntchcson, who was tho pianist on this occasion, played one of Beethoven's most difficult sonatas, that in A' flat, op. 110, whioh was once performed here by Sir Charles Halle. Ho gavo an excellent account of himself in the fugue of the last movement, and in parts of the opening mode- rato cantabile, and must be complimented, having acquitted himself so well. He also rendered invaluable aid in Mozart's piano quartet in G minor, his coadjutors being Messrs Klein, Dierich and Howard. This proved to be ono of the most enjoyable items in the whole irUiiuLi i. iiLiisii ijitiJi. iHiriiuuu concriDUieu w>vo songs by Lnsson, nnd one by Schubert, with her customnry success. Mr. G. E. Howard and Madame Houyot- Hownrd will give a concert nt tho Athonieum this evening. Tho programmo announoed com prises violoncello solos by Servnis, Popper and Piatti ; Grieg's sonata' in A minor op. 36 for coilo nnd piano, and Schumann's piano quartot in E flat. Tho othor artists engaged arc Miss Isabel Webster, Mr. Max Klein and Mr. F. Dierich. Mnccabe, assisted by Mdlle. Minnie, opens in tho Athenreum next Snturdny night for a fare well Beason of seven nights previous to roturning to Europe. 