HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. I On the night of October i7th, 1S4*2, the good ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, ! and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on . the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse o marked the entrance to the harbour. Once I there, and they were safe. Sure of hia position he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock, and went to pieces. Four men, in cluding the CaptalD, were saved. On reach ing the shore they found a strange thing had i happened. An enemy of the lighthouse- e keeper had bound him hand and foot and £ extinguished the light. £ Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in • the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed j “ You are beyond human Aid. ” These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so. had he the right to say ] eo? No; for he might be wrong—and in any t case he had no business to put out the light. 1 This woman had been ill for some time. In \ June, 1SS9, she was greatly alarmed by her s symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she ' was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her { head whirled, ‘and,’ she said, ‘all objects s seemed to go into a cloud.’ Sbehadtohold 1 herself up or ait down for fear of falling, i She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and ‘1 talked with two other physicians. The ast one said, ‘You are part human Aid.' ‘ I could scarcely crawl about the house,’ she says, ‘ 1 was so weak. I tried different 1 remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and s asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His a answer was, * I have mixed you some medicine; you can take it or leave it.’ I took it for three weeks, then gave up in “My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and l care. I had no appetite and had lost flesh i till I was thin as a ghost 1 My mother came t to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tingled blood. Once £ I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scjrcely got rest from it until Monday morning. “At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Stiect, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr Jesson’s, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the Eecond bottle I had got over all my bad Bymptoms, v and was getting my strength back. I am c now (April, 1S90), in better health than ever J before in my life. “I should have taken Mother Seigel’s £ Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get ft at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facts , I have related, and I will reply to any letters * of enquiry.” (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of iudigeston and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had " affected the nervous syBtem. Afew months, 0 or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills ® would have had no tale to tell. She did ‘ wrong to wait one hour for any reason, 1 after having know what Mother Seigel’s Curative Syrup had done for her friend MrB Wilson, 