"GENERAL BOOTH IN MELBOURNE. MEETINGS AT THE EXHIBITION. In spite of the fatigues of travel "General" Booth was up betimes on Monday, and managed, as a prelude to what he considers the real business of the day, to get through uti extraordinary amount of ~ correspondence. j’^li6l igngo*ndii'ta “Sf" tlio - ‘ mormhg a call on his Excellency the Governor, tin the aftotribon ho rocoivod a deputation of Wesleyan clergyman,' to .whom ho fairly' lengthy rOjVlyrbnd' «6von minuloFlafor lie was on llio platform of the Exhibition | addressing a crowded meeting. At n, quarter to eight in the evening a second and, oven more largely attended mooting was bold. DEPUTATION OF WESTEYAN MINISTERS, ; In the afternoon a deputation of Wesleyan ministers waited upon “General” Booth at the “ headquarters’ 5 in Little Collins-strtcit, in Order to bid him welcome to Victoria. The Rev. W. A, Quick, in introducing tbo deputation,, said that they had conic on'be half of the Wesleyan Clhirohtohid“ General''* Boothwelcome and God-speed. • They felt that there waft a strong relationship-between them, mid if it were allowed ho would say (t Brother” Booth. They hold that thoj army preached the same doctrine that Wcsleyans wore accustomed to preach, and that the movement was grounded upon evangelical principles, The army did many things Iwhioh Wcsleyans greatly admired, especially its great sclf-clenlol and self-sacrifice. .They, sympathised doubly with the army )n it« preaching of Jesus Christ. John Wesley had •Baid- thaVrMethodism arose tospread'Ghrrefclnnr holiness through tho,-length and breadth of tho laud. “Gcitoral” Boothis. object was-to destroy the miseries of destroying the sins of inch. Spunking for hip)self, ho wished to say that ho bau rend General”'’ Booth's hook with a groat deal, of be'dausc lid know a grant deal about jthe evil parts of Glasgow and London, especially in the east end of both towns, ana ho thought that tho “ .General's” plan was a most feasible one. • , Tho Rev. J. Wnisford .remarked that though he did no tnko tho same favorable views as his col leagues) as to nil of tho methods of j the Salvation Army, ho certainly holioved in'* trying to raise tho suffering masses, and in' keeping the salvation of souls always before thorn in preaching the doctrines of tho living Christ, While ho gave the “Oonerol” a hearty welcome to Australia ho had ; some doubt as to how the scheme would go among tho working men in Australia. Ho was afraid that tho “ General” would meet' with ; some opposition from them but bo hoped that “General” Booth’s strong persuasive powers <would'enable him to carry his point* with them. ■ Tho Revs. J. W. Crisp, S. Knight and W. Blamircs also briefly offered their congratula tions; “General" Bootli, in reply, said that Mr. Quick was quite right, in saying that the army had a very distinct relation to the, Wesleyan community. It reminded him of an anecdote of the Duke of Wellington, who in* one of his walks >yns besoiged by a vagrant, wlio asked alms. The Duke' hold somewhat tho/Saino views on the subject of indis criminate charity as bo, (tho speaker) did, | and he asked tho vagrant to state the grounds | bh which he based his claim. “ Oh:!” said the man, “you’ro a brother of mino—at least! if you go buok far enough you will find that 1 wo bad ,ia common father, ” Tho 'Duke put his hand in his pockot and gave tho vagrant id, telling him .that “if all: your brothers give you so much you'll be richer than I am,” (Laughter.) Btill there was no nood to go back to*their common father, Adam, to prove tho relationship between the Army, and John ■ Wesley since it was not very long ago that ho, (“General" Booth) was body and soul and heart and brain a Wesleyan, and when John!Wesley had no inorb enthusiastic ad mirer. lie (“ General” liboth) s hold that there was one God, and ono prophet, and that { his name was John Wesley, lie did not exactly say his prayers to .John Wesloy, but he tried to model his life and to shape his course from him. He road about John Wesloy by day and dreamt about him by night. In fact, ho was a Wesleyan of the first water. Then circumstances' occurred which at that time 1m greatly deplored, but out of which God in his infinite goodness had chosen to bring good, and which ho trusted had also brought some benefit to Wesleyan Methodism itself. His path diverged, but ho did not think it had diverged greatly so fares the spiritual feeling had gone. He ■hold* as thoroughly -as over to whatever of Wosloyanism was good and" Chris Hike, and ho hoped to have the opportunity of being of some use to it, bccuse tho longer he lived; . the more he would admire tho man John Wesley. Ho did not know whether ho would not got up a centenary to him some day or other; When ho first had broached his scheme of social reform people called him a back slider, because be bad often proolabnod, ns it were on* tho housetops, that tho proper way to ameliorate tho evils that flesh is heir to was through Calvary, and now ho was going to take up a schema of secular amelioration. ;llo‘ replied, “No. I urn exactly tho same.” At tho snmo time ho saw these people half demented in consequence of their human and social miseries, and ho felt that it was necessary to go to them rind with ono hand to lift them out of theiymisories and with the | other to offer them the Loi’d Jesus Christ. In whatever way those people were reached, ho did not caro so long as. they were got for Christ. People, said to the Army,; “You want to force religion down ' people’s | throats.” Quite right—-lie would - drive, .men* ! to Christ, how, ho did not care. Therefore, he put his arm round them,. because 'they were, men las he was a man. It ono plan failed they* must try another; but they must roach tho men. There they were, starving be fore people’s eyes. What results could they hope for with people who ; wcro starving? Their own natural instincts would furnish the reply ; indeed, people 1 would be a great deal more religious if they, took a little more ; notice of their human instincts. If they could r sometimes forget the change that came after death, ho was not sure (hat. they would bo better men an! woman. Let thorn sot to work as though they were already in heaven. | 'Anyone in tho room could imagine waking up and saying to some angel with a broken leg—that is if they bad legs—“ Hero, hold my crown while P gb- for help.” * (I/nughter.) Ho hoped to see men and women get away; from tho conventionalities of life—-he hoped oven to see clergymen in corduroy.going to work (Laughter.). To help the people they must ■ bcco no servants and apostles,' 'and the,people would feel it and loyo them as much hs they (lesoivod. Tho Army had laid its Oncers also upon the doctrine of and if the Army over gave that up might it be wiped ns soon as possible off the face of the earth, oven-as, a. few months before, ho had laid 'in > they, earth hcr iwhom hoVliad ' loved and 1 cherished and hold in his arms, and wor- 1 'shipped as much as a maujdught;to -do.-i 'But when the spirit'went out of her lib mill her in the grave. And when the spirit went out of an organisation,, tlio proper thing to do was to bmy it out of sight, If so, there would bo plenty of chapels and barracks to lot He thanked them for their sympathy. He was only a man like.,themselves, with plenty of trials and troubles, ail’d suolr oxprcssibns of esteem would strengthen* him to further' oflort. Their faces would- be. graven, upon his meinoryj and when* ho loft Melbourne hp. would think of them, and pray that God’s blessing might bo over them. Tho deputation then withdrew. THE SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. Unless it were for the title, and perhaps on additional infuslbn of excitement in the pro ceedings, there was little to distinguish (ho special holiness convention held on Monday in the Exhibition building from, any other of ■the meetings, of the Salvation Army. The -same shouting and singing, (lie same .efllor escnco of gesture, (lie same exhorting and testifying and band playingj the same utter absence of any fixed order—those were the prevailing features of (ho convention, And, like nil the gatherings which have marked the ; advent of “ General” Booth, 1 it remains a prac tical impossibility to tell- with any certainty when the convention commenced, whether ifc did or did not continue without pause for tliq whole of tho day, or (hat, but for the, nbcccssity of closing the building, it would!' over have loft off. Nominally it should have ; started at throe o’clock, but for at least ,an l hour ond o half, and possibly longer, before' place was .crowded (©.suffocation jPpirit,'the salq of tickets was'; almost discon tinued, and the tide 6£ songs' prayers,' and exhortations was in full "swing. That’ “General” Booth came in at at three otalock, and loft hgajin shortly'.after was, ’sd'far ns anybody could see, merely an incident in the' history.of the cohyonlioq. ■ '.Thbj ‘f Qenoval”; ■ had „another: tremendous reception, and at! pace the wash audience broke into Psal«v4s, ending with' the favorite i Salvationist ' tf'Let me, Jesus, lob mo, Jesus; Lot mo, Jesus, • ’Puller know redemption's plan, ’ ? Puller know redemption’!* plan.” They ?ang it possibly half, a dozen times, each time with greater strength’ of lung. But loudly as; they'chanted ;theyycov|td satisfy the general, who* 'standing front of the platform,.markedtimowith outstretched arms, abandoning himself , entirely*, to, the excite ment of tho moment, in striking contrast'to' his-demeanor of tho two prbvioiYs days.-^Tbis' was not tho'“'General” Booth of Sunday, for -: Saturday. For the first time the audience tow the deader, of the* in -his' aUra-Sal vatioiiisb tfvodd. |ho shobted; ■■ “-*Lqt nta'fhllcpknbw' 'redemption’s 'planl’ : S;ng ib kgaJri, ;; bvib nob-ro’dianiption— ‘Balvdtio’n:!y,'l(ot mo" rdl 1 br^kVo’w'^sfclvatioh’s* plani l ‘ Tf ; you n burhVt6 ! b^tr , tH6 hl(^ , #ba Christ, this evening—if you burn to have Him blot out’your guilt—aingitogain.” And the audience, cdwdient «P Fuller iJBsalvliⅈ’aiflifant '* lli Fuller UnSm fifllv^n’sl^iu. , satisfied! ’Everybody wltnov^i^Sp Jesus thin evening, and tojhnvo more salvation tluin they over hud boforoAIf you dou c, what murymimo hm leave your business and your shops? ylU) could ever have expected that anybody at all . would l«uve their homes on ft Monday ftftor* TVOon.'Jf nnybody lmd'Bftid Ro amonth'ago you would havo said Nonsense. Some or yon ] have travelled miles, and you're gonig to, have something for it, or else you vo thrown : your fare away, you know, and you d hotter I go homo again and look after your business, you want salvation or you’ll never enjoy religion. There wan an old woman once who said, “What, mo on joy re ligion 1 Why, X never know what it was to he miserable until I got religion," The reason, t wpy she ,did*nt! ;got enough of it. LbtVhrvvb more of ‘it, ' '(Amen.) Everybody wants moire o.f ( salvation., So sing it again,, singii again, aqd .everybody, jibld their right; hand up,” ,i They sang again after this, and ithey sang it with the loud pedal on,every right arm extended at length, and every foot in tlie hall keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. 1 Then says 'the “General," “Lot us all pray," and as the nudioncc fall on their [knees, ho adds, with a keen glance that swoops the building from floor to galleries, “ Pray—not look about. Tho devil always looks, at o meeting when it is praying, and sees how mony are. helping him, ana how many nro >h o 1 p t nK*Jea ua G1 1 c is W—H er—iokes—n o ti ce—of* those thnTYocp.thcijC eyes open. Shut, your .eyes, or orso.hb’Jl/piiL you down, in his pooket hooky Thou a: hyrany “All-tho Way to Calvary,” and the “General” after rending, from St, John, 12Ui <. chap;,. ; 23rd» verse,. plunges into a characteristic addrels on the; Chvistiainity of Christ. To bo ontttjcd < to call himself a Christian, a man must live the, life of Christianity.; TIo must havclhe same purpose in'life that Christ had, -For Jesus Christ had a ruling purpose. Ho did not come hero to keep a shop—-nothing of the klndr tie did hot'come hero' to discover a gold mine—nothings of tho sort. Ho did not come hoar for pleasure. No! no 1 no! .. However, people will ask/ Can you make such in- Ho did not come to,glorify Him self—to d&ss; Himself, topaint Himself, to curl His hair, and cringe and crawl and stalk about in '.order that people might think a lot of Him, . y Again, -people cry, “General, General,*plcasb give over talking in that lino —it is disrespectful to my Baviour,” No; He came hero, to .save souls; Ho came here to save your ‘soul. ' (“’Glory,” “Blessing,” “Praise," Hallelujah.) > Tho “ General” goes on a new, and as ho proceeds the exceltement grows more ard more intense, and tho “Hallelujahs” fall thicker and faster. “Are you a Christian? Is He tho ruling' purpbso of your life? If you havo got tho spirit of Jesus Christ you arc a Christian. Are you a follower of'the Bleeding Lamb. Aro you on His side? Then you oan call yourself a Christian. . Everybody \vho thinks,so say Amen.”- And .the audience unite In.one mighty. “Amen.” “"Hero is tho proof,” tlie “ General” goes onto say, “in tho, Bibio—your Bible; This' is not a Salva tion Army Bible—yes it is; it is my Bible, blessed thing"—and tho “General” presses it affectionately to his bosom.“This is the Bible' that? you 1 read and -swehrby/and quarrel oyer, and .which, you expect, you. are going to ho judged, by oh the last great day. Tins is your Bible, and' I ask you to listen to the words that you know from .childhood. This is wbat it says;—The grace of the Lord Josus; Christ, who, although Ho was; rich — a millionare—yet for our sips He became poor that we through His penalty might be-, come rich. (Hallelujah.,)., Have you got that spirit? You may bo a .member of a church. T believe in being a member of a church, a good member, 'and a working and a liaying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed—I believe-iu what I be lieve-'in. (Hallelujah.). That is my creed;; (Glory.) You. may have a ceremonial and sacraments. Wo have n ceremonial'; wo belong to the High Church. (Laughter.) I believe iu a ritual, and. vestments,, and pro-' cessions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on the'Lord’s side. You may havo excitement— I be lieve in excitement, I do. (Glory.) I don’t think much of tho people who are not'musical and not excitable—they may be very ; good in their ways, but they aren’t of much use to I tho : Salvation Army. (Laughter.) - I like a man who can fire up—a man who ,-bos. - got a, temper—a good temper, though. (Laughter.) I believe in excitement, 'aiid i do Hko'‘to get up.theexcitement here.. .(Hallelujah;).; Talk | about , tho excitement of Melbourne—What is-it to the - excitement of saving souls? (Glory.) Talk about Eight Hours' Day! I’d like ito make it four and twenty hours. I’d Imvo an that' would shut up the shops and stop the factories and close I Government House, and put tho Governor ! down to. tho humblest individual in the street* (Hallelujah.) ‘ I’d like to , have one great, blessed, glorious excitement that . would sweep over everything—(Glory)—and* that would take every man and overy woman and sweep them away lie fore it, away into the Kihgdom of God. (Hallelujah,)” * By this time tho excitement is nearing its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the per spiration rolling off their faces, aro following .every second word with hoarse murmurs of “Bless the Lord,"'“Glory,"' and the like. Tho “ General” himself has altered the pitch of bis. voice by half a tone, and is talking now not in the-even, monotonous drawl of the earlier-part of ,his address, but with rapid and nervous utterance—harsh, almost metallic in effect. With constantly increasing speed he goes on:—Yon may have a correct creed—no doubt tho devil is the. correctest theologian in tho universe—you may go to church, you may servo in the army’barracks, you may en joy nil the pleasures of Biblo classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ's: -purpose "your pur* pose, and J'esus Christ’s life your life, I don’t see how .you can call yourself a Christian man'or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say,it \vith ; nll reverence—I cannot sec how, r, without '-these attributes, Christ himself could have claimed to .be the Messiah. It' was when He'chine down to sacrifice Himself for mo and you that he became Christ. (Hallelujah.) And to foljow Him seems, to mo the only-ground: on which a man cnn ; claim to be a, ’ Christian. Where are’ you? If you are right,, may - God confirm you. If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly *so. ., May., ho t endow you. with Glirifi^likd"spirit. ana zeal for tho rescue of perishing souls. If you arc not,. then ~Jcans Christ is here .to give, Himself away. (Halle lujah.) “ Behold, I stand at Urn door and .knock.-” (Glory.) Open tlie door and He will go in;- .: •'•,.■> , Now comes the climax. Tho audience have lost all - control over themselves. They hang on tho words' of. tho speaker with erics and ejaculations and sobs. And the “General” with both hands uplifted' high above his head,, goes on, “Tho lime is now. Now, now,.now/ The lime is now for' tlie salvation!, for the baptism, for thbp purifying flame. Burn out anger and "envy and tdfeper. ’ (Yes.) Burn it out. (Amen.) Everybody who wants it say Amen.. (Amen.) Say it again. (Amen.) All this is going to bo. Everybody who believes it say Amen. (Amen.) And may the blessing of the Father rind tnp Son ana the Holy Ghost be upon every man" and .woman here.”', , ,. ,•; The “General" finishes in (ho inidst of a soono of hysterical excitement. Ho. goes away, and some of/the, people Jollow him. Others remain, for hdwjbngitia pard tql .pay but at 7 o’clock a meeting—apparently tho same meeting, is in full swing/;’Any' va y» there’are tho same and “Hallelujah ilasses" on the pi atoms, tlie same -tremendous audience, the .same band, playing as vigorously and" earnestly os they wero . three hour's before. Tho arrives at a quarter to'8; o’clock,; ; moets \with tho same tremendous recaption, 'an9J|pM/. fcSy nbi&lf; /through the samo programme.' ' His -'speech, though in some, rqsp.ects different is on the whole a fairly complete reproduction pf x tliat of the afternoon. But, in.theevening’s proceedings there is one grpat’ and striking difToreqco. Tlie afternoon was - the sermon. The evening is the-application. . . : , , ■, 1 :; / * i THE PENITENT -FORM/ 1 ‘ . Hour boui the.nervous! excitement of ithe afternoon ihris Btcadily/Wor&ed; pp. Tho songsjand have passed by, the collection has .,been. -made, -the “ General” is approaching,the climax ofihis speech. “ Gbd,’’ Ije says, is. liko a cpnfootionor. £(e. preserves, you and-hp sweetens you; glory be to God.- What yqu want to do is 'to; go fnippartiforship; with Hinf-; but you/wnht'tp' slljire flib'/prollts fthd tako npne of the risk. ’ God . doesn’t i do business that vyay. ’ Ybuican’-t/gb partnership yitli Him’ qn ,the, limitod liabnif.y ypu raay liftvb ike thousand Mines 'Over, but •you must pay tho fqfif pribdi^.^beat! it down pr;cheapentit, would with a' tradesman,- - frorq £3 to, £4. When you ask (wM tlie;|pric5js/]t}iQ fAll you’ve get,’ aud you must pay it or leave it Pbbrs;widbw:hod : ,pnlyatwp,. mites, , aml 8h6 go%t,i-and ft .cbmpliiiiont Tnto the bargain. She gave all she had. ” j l‘Lot as pray.T Therp_,is a sijonoe, an<L every head- is bout. The 1 Gonoral’i/goes ‘ oh : agoip,, “8bniO i of you xyant io; conie td* phrist. Como mow, ’ Gome to Iho/’ ponit6ht' ,: fonn, i i Rise in your places and remoip; staudihg, and, close your eyes, while wo sing that hymn thak is always my fayprito, .‘ Jelus is Caljinli.’ Wo, ' WTSno him ?Je8U% I rivo mysolf to;you-,' at,, wiu sing;;—, /.a w!jhliQaip<-Thy;welobmo voioo^ 1 ,17: That calls me, LordJwTBe*b»*f fti * ; To cleanse me in Tliy precious blood • That.flowod on Calvary/ [; ;; W‘Now jvo will jgo on, Je«i(( } fo (-1it,,,, TJ&t; is-what youirtust think ok Rover „j& yomrcoUiigs. Remember nothing except tW Christ i« offering you that salvatw wfflß y° u wank now, Jesus i„ ” (JgW your hearts wide, Ho is coming now" to this appeal was iinniedmu pnd all over the hall the, figures 0 f tb« “ saved" stood out prominently above tU bowed forms of the .audience. Most of Uiem womeifii^tlio—majority. 0 f th« slender and fragile typo that forms ih« typical ideal-of ft Htfllfelftififo Ms. But ihe r ?, : wore many men. oholr soflw forw n J ' to the, lion itent form, where thcymwt thcin | selves down with tears mid «ohs. 'in,' i “ofllcurs'Vrfi'd the “Hallelujah lisse?" W0l * busy among the knooliog wonion iu,d j* 0 praying,. entreating, encouraging. On n 1 platform “Colonel* 7 Rieol thundered L prayer. The whole scone was ccsUUcal / hysterica), according to the point of yi n l from which it was looked at, Pei bans «!! most pleasing feature about it was that brought the. meetings to a close. —Argus 11 THE I {i GENERAL'S” (RECLAMATION .SCHEME, ■ w ; ■ Mbj.ij6ukni>. j Tuesday, S ep t, 22. ///A largo number of rcpresoutAtivd neonif, including members of , prominent ( reJi»L,i organisations and members of Parliament nl well os Sir Jos, Macßain, President o fti,„ Council, and Sir Matthews Davies, Spoako of (ho Assembly (who presidedJ attended Atliemcnm Hall today to hoar “General" j Booth deliver an address on his colonisa ' tion scheme. The proceedings were initiated with the usual vigor characteristic of tk« army gatherings. “General" Booth was veri warm ly welcomed on being introduced by the ho re . TCfred to *"tho'fearful miserleir of London and pohited odhthot *in England there were three millions of-peoplo hopelessly- sunk h! , won.ted to put,out his bond and give a p:/a» p d£3SL rcoloniescuuldholpsudipeoplo without hurt! ing. themsolves (hoy .ought tp, do dt, Hia scheme worked op (wo liiics, if thev wanted foodit would bo givon tbem, but tj.2. ■ ; mu8l; work for it. Secondly, there was h O J which they could get; tC “wantedbthafr without 'which 'alLthe scheme would ho. in yaiu- re|omatiDn. His scheme would change such people’s characters Tho records .of .tho .Salvation Armv had proved . it .would bo a success Any man who would not work should be “run in,' and kept, without foo,d till he did work In England at the Home farm they had 3000 women formerly homeless, and.even tho blind and maimed could, ho .provided for nt 2s 9d pov week, r After being,in tlio city colony for live or six months the people would lie passed on to. tho other farm containing 1100 acres near London, and bought for £20,000-a great bargain. Tliey yvevo going in extensively for all kinds of agriculture and many general in dustries. There,, would be three million shareholders with one director—himself Those who. did satisfactorily on the ; farm he proposed to send to the colonics over the sea .There came tho difficulty, for some people said vou shall not dump your , criminals down here. Ho, would never, send to any place people who' could hot satisfy the authori ties, and would not send them where they wore not welcomed by. the bulk of the people. At/the conclusion o£ bis address; tho - speaker was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. ' ; Tuesday-Evening. General Booth addressed a' meeting of several thousands at the Exhibition Buifdin" to-night in reference to “Darkest EnglanS and the Way Gut.” Mr. W. M'Lcan occupied the cliair. General Booth spoke for two hoars, dwelling very fully on 'tbV wretched condition of the poorer * inhabitants of London, and' dilating on. the rescue work accomplished,lfy the army.; Be described the city colony, the “farm'colony" ami the over-sea" colony, ” but did not indicate whether he' proposed to plant any of his colonists in Australia, only talking vaguely of a country “ where tho sky was blue and there were largo tracts iof available land." He denied that the competition of his colonists would injure tho f labor market. A resolution, of approval and sympathy was carried on tho motion of Mr. Rotmrt'Reid. 