TIIE ESSAYIST. Shakespeare's Hamlet. The tragedy was first published in 1608. It wan partly founded on a work by Saxo Gramatigue,'a Danish historian. Shakes. peare has given us several editons, each time endeavoring. to make the play more perfect. The principal characters of this drama are formed of the royalty of Denmark. In the political management, the Danish crown is the object sought. To gain it. Claudiue com mite murder on the person of his brother, by pouring into his ear salow but deadly poison. Hudson states that the queen was no ac0om pulie in the matter, and perhaps had no sus picion of it. But she deceired the king, her former huosband and Hamlet's father, and in her interview with Hamlet she partly eon. fessed her guilt, Ruskin says: "In Shakespeare the catas troohe of every play is caused always by the folly or fault of a man the redemption, if there be any, is by the wisdom and virtne'of a woman, and failing that, there is none I laudius, it is true, did commit the murder, hut he knew, beforehand, that by this act he eonld marry the queen and thus gain posses lion of the coveted crown. The leading eharaocteristics of the tragedy is Hamlet'e madness. The murder of his father and the guilt of his mother seemed. to pray ceaselessly on his mind; though he was not proclaimed to be mad until after his in terview.with the ghost. This seems to be an apparition of his murdered father, and.je_ thought, by some, to be merely a rsernatu rarvinion of Hamlet's imagination. Herelates to him the dark history of howhe was mur dered; that while sleeping in his garden, nun conscionus of evil, Claudius had stolen open him and administered a poison which had the effeot of a berpent's sting; and by hie brother's hand he had at 0one lost life, Orown, and queen. Itoseems that Hamlet had sus peoted this, but had kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things: first, thathe must revenge the murder; second, that however he pursued his revenge, he must not stain'his soul or taint his conscience ; yet he leaves to his own judgment how this must be done. " In the closet scene with his mother, the ghost would appear to be purely imagisnary, for it speaks to Hamlet, and be draws her sa tention directly to it, yet she neither sees nor heare it. Some Shakesperian tragedians treat this as an expression of a distempered mind, wherein Hamlet reproaches himself for his tardinees in revenging the murder; which ast'he does not perform onti' just before his own death. Undoubtedly Hamlet saw the inevitable harm that would come to him if he murdered . the king without some justification of the act. The people oL Denmark would not suffer the murderer of their king to go unpunished. Hudson says: "Shahkepeare portrays many great criminals, men and women, too who for awhile ride in triumph over virtue wronged, and he always brings them to punishment, so far as this world can punish them. But he never in a single instance does this till their crimes are laid open to the world so that all about them reeogniuo the justice of their fate." The critics have spent much labor on the question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether he was or was not mad; yet the evidence is so strong both ways that a decision has never been fully rgreed upon. * Hamlet appears to be perfectly rational when with Horatio. He confides to him all his sorrows and his plane, and asks only his assistance. Horatio is one of Shakespeare's noblest eharacters, honest, candid, and true till death. " Those eoncerned in the play truly believe Hamlet mad, with the exseptisa of the king, whose guilty conscience tells him the malady is only feigned to conceal some secres pur pose; for he knows that Hamlet suspects the crime. In his interview with Ophelia Hamlet has :been sent to him with some crafty de sign, and that they ar: watched ?ud.listened to; he rails at her and frames his speech so as to deceive the eavesdroppers as well This betrays wonderful presence of mind and con trol of will for one whose mental powers are deranged. " It is not until she tells him a falsehood that his rage breaks forth. When he sees the king at prayers, he is tempted to bill:him on the spot; yet with his powerful will. resolsiely, refrains from doing so. The most pathetic and touching part of the drama is the grief of Opheia. She does not' rave, and there lies the pathos. Here is a sad, quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing soul within, and tells better the tale of woe than could any raving demonstration. A superhuman power calmly works out the contending, conlicting porpoies, the baffled oims and disappointed hcp?s, of these weak human agents, thereby teaehing us that a Divine Providence guards and guides the schemes of rail humanity. Hamlet does nos perform the mission of his life till just before it ends. The king, who had been secretly working against him, prenares a cup of wine esontaining poison, which he invites him to drink; but Hamlet suspects the treachery, and the king is baffled. He has also enven omed the point of Laertes' sword, to be plunged remorselessly into Hamlet's heart; hot' by the intricate working of things it enters his ownintead. ' Hamlet dies in the arms of Horatio. Every thing is worked out in his favor, and he at last performs his duty in a way that leaves his character unsullied and his soul on stained. " And that should teach us Tnero is a divinity that shapes our ends, R?'tgh-hew them how we will." 