THE' PREMIER OF THE CAPE. (sr. .tAmks'b dudqet.) By this timo tho IIou. Cecil J. Rhodes, Premier of tho Capo and member for Darkly West, must rcaliso'whafc it is volitave per ora rirtim. Hie career is rapid as it is remark- able. Ho is not yet -IU years of ago, and un married, and ho holds the destinies of large portions of South Airica in his hand. Born in 1853, son of llio Rev. Canon Rhodes, reotor of Bishop- Stortford, Herts, ho wont out at first to South Africa ns a weakling lad of twelve, in search of health. It says a good deal for tho revivifying climate of the Capo nnd South Africa, that sucli a sturdy and robust Englishman should lmvo de veloped as tho Premier of tho Capo un- | doubtcdly is. Mr. Rhodes lias had many experiences and many ocoupatious. His first vonturo was cotton-planting in Natal in 1869-70. Even whon tho rumours of tho diamond mines filled tho land ho oxchnngod tho warm slopes of tho Natal ooast for tho dry veldt of Griqualond We3t, and was ono of tho curliest diggors ; littlo drowning probably at that timo what n groat part ho was destined to tako in shaping tho ultimate fortunos of tho diamond mines. When 20 years of ago Mr. Rhodes proceeded to England, after having lived nearly a year in tho Transvaal, and wub duly admitted t« statu pupillari as an Oriel undergraduate— an undergraduate with almost uniquo . experiences. South Africa had cast hor poculiar glamour ovor liim as it has ovor so many minds, and his instincts still led him there. For fivo years Mr. Rhodes gravitated between Oxford and South Africa, cultivating tho Muses and learning iinanco simul taneously. Even long vacatious havo their uses occasionally, it would seem. When Griqualand West was annexod to tho Capo Colony by Sir Henry Baridy, tho first member for Burkly West was tho rising Oxford man. When Sir Thomas Scanlou formod hin Ministry in 1881-1, uud Mr. C. W. lluUou retired from the Trea«nrer- Goncralahip of the colouy, Mr. Cecil Rhodes took his placo. No two men could possibly havo boen moro uuliko. The amiaolo but slightly discursive member for Bodford, who was tho ohoson ono of tho Kat River Hotten tot electors, gavo way to tho energetic ropro- sontntivo of tho bustling Diamond Fiold oleotors. The truo charaotor of Mr. Rhodes dis played itsolf in tho responsibilities of office. Ilis hold on men and events was vigorous and decisive. Ho played a leading part in tho amalgamation of tho diamond-mining companies, ho was ohainnan of tho Do Boers Consolidated Mines, founder of tho Gold- Fields South Africa Company. Hie sympathies woro wido and univors&l;, and in tuo plontitudo of his wealth ho gavo £10,000 to tho Homo Rulo funds. Associated with Mr. Hofmeyr, tho leader of tho Dutch party at tho Capo, ho won favour with tho country party uud tho Dutch doctors. Ho bocamo a director of tho South Africa Company, and conneotod him solf with somo of tho wealthiest capitalists of England- In July, 1890, ho took his placo as Premier in tho Capo House of Aaaomblyin placo of Sir Gordon Sprigg, who had some what alarmed his constituents by proposing a most extravagant and costly Railway Bill. Ovor all his companions in tho Ministry Mr. Cooil Rhodes is likely to oxeroiso a great doal of iufluonco, and to induoo them to work as a compaot party. Mr. Rhodes's career is, of courso, marvellous. Ho is both versatile and strong. Ho seems to bo all things to all mou. In Africa lio is a friend of tho Dutch politicians, tho negotiator, financier-gonor&l;, and Premier, a persona grata with all mon and with all nationalities. At homo ho is tho guest of royalty, tho companion of dukes, and tho ministering angol to Irish Nation alists. Yot Bomohow or other his position is an anomalous ono oo Promior of tho Capo and loading spirit of tho British Sauth Africa Company. Thoro was a phrnso attributed to Mr. Cecil Rhodes somo years ago ; and that was, 44 tho elimination of tho Imporial factor" in tbo northward udvanco of colonial ontorpriso. Thoro is a ghost in ovory man's oupboard, and tho particular ghost for Mr. Rhodes may yet ariso for him from tho ground of tho chartered company's domains. Thoro must bo, sooner or lator, a confliot of interests between tho Capo Colony and tho South Afrioa Company. Colonialism is ono thing and Imperialism another in South Africa. Is Engluud, or aro England's Ministers, willing to aokuowlcdgo that tho British South Afrioa Company is simply 44 an advanco of tho Capo Colouy into tho in terior ? " It may happen that Mr. Rhodes's northward extension may bring back a Nemesis, and that tbo Capo constituoucicB, whioh aro, aftor all, tho ultimate reforoo on tho matter, may bo disappointed in thou aspirations aud their cry for 44 Africa from tho Zambosi to Capo Town." Especially may it bo so if tho great routo of tho interior has an outlot whoro thoy novor imagined, and Pungwo Bay bcoomos a thriving seaport at tho oxpenso of Table Bay. Liko Venico, Capo Town may find horsolf desolate upon tho waters of Table Bay — tho brido, indeed, of a uoblo ocoan, but bereft of her dowry, and mourning for tho days . that aro no moro. Tho inevitable necessities 1 of geography may bo pleaded ; but this will 1 bo no moro a consolation to tho Tablo Bay shippors than it was to Veuotian merchants of tho Rialto. In ohastcned mood thoy may abandon tho Graud Trunk railway to tho Zambesi, and ceaso to droam of Opbir and tbo wonlth passing tho imagination, of man. Sir Gordon Spriggs's schemo may soo tho light again ; tho cautious Dutohmen may oonfino thoir attention to tho Capo colony, and cry out for a moro purely colonial polioy of internal development, agricultural improve ment, irrigation soboraes, troo-plauting, corn- growiug, and othor such commonplaco but useful matters, instead of blinking thoir oyos continually at tho dazzling northorn Eluo- rados, which after all aro rather beyond tho sphere of thoir own particular influence. Mr. Rhodos's political podcatal in tho Capo Colony itsolf is, no doubt, a lofty ono ; but it is not without tho risks of falling ; nor can any colonial Premier bo said to command a very stablo position so long as interests nro so con flicting and population so uncertain as, in tho Capo Colony. 