..ini'iu 'HJhU-W . SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM ENGLAND., - The' -London correspondent of tlie -'Argus," writing from London on March, 20, \ says :-rr.!v. \ In its present relish for frivolity,', the . House of Commons has allpved '.itself thp indulgence of a long and lively dbbate\ -»pbn\ \ a. ' trumpery ' question arising out of a bill enabling the Mid land Railway to penetrate St. Udlin's Wood:- It was a battle royal between tlie.Ieyel-headed men of all parties and the united. forces of the soriti- mentalists,thoBportsmpn,(ind.thp.inddiBtB.-TA udge by the pother in' the press for days-'be-" forehand, the bill seemed likely to bo kicked' but of the House by ahboverwhelmipg tnnjprjty..-; The lovers of orieket werein- srm.s,'".!qecnusa the scheme involved a possible absorption of," Uorifs. Cricket-ground in the dim future, and the pre sent soiling by . coal-dust of all, tho feminine toilettes which Krace-ftiiiet greatimatehesibfi the season. Then the artists were up in arms,, for they declared that their skill yrould leave theqi. jf a railway terminus were erected anywhere in their vicinity. To these wore allied the faddists, to whom the word " open space " is a word of. sacred incantation. , But it was of another class of which the House and the world at large war thinking— the ladies -of beapty, who according to accepted tradition were' supposed to 'occupy the well-eoncealed villas with whipji the upa- brageous neighbourhood is thickly studded: St. John's Wood is an anomaly!. arid! /a "-purvival !' amongst. London districts." ' If" is'sd "close tb' town that it is a matter of wonder why its owners have not long ago transformed its tree less streets and rows of houses characteristic of Central London. Probably it is to itB evil fame that it owes the retention of its rustieity. The words " St. John's Wood " are sufficient to raise a snigger in every ill-regulated mind. But, as in_ many_another ease, the word no longer cor responds to" the "fact.""" For' years' past" "the. virtuous have been Bilently evicting the vicious. , The reason'for the'silenpe1 of the ladie's of doubt-; ful; character.. uqder, the .threatened : invasion of i the neighbourhood's, expipined'by the labt" that; they, are phantoms of the jocular and journalistio; mind. In the division, the lovers of sport went! almost solid against;. the, bill,_ whioh, - however, was carried ,by; a two.to, one majority. I presume' that' Australians would view with resentment 'any- attempt to interest themin the Ibsen" controversy. You have had a, dose of Ibsen in its most diluted form, and adminis tered by the - charming hand of Miss Janet Achurch, and you: have violently rejected the potion. Here 'the craze haB been revived in an offensive- form— two "of - the chief priests of the eult peeking, to attract : attention to their show by .the. , well- worn .'device of engaging in aibogus quarrel with o'ne ariother. They have fduncf- an Anglo-Germap gentleirian;'of ' financial spirit to engage a theatre® for;- themi'! where worshippers are dmitted . withputj 'payment, but . on . the honourable Understanding ' ( thkt' "they will con tribute t'o... the 'funds! of ;;the". society. Having thus, as 'they believe, ;'f reed themselves' from the .jurisdiction:-., of the Lord.., Chamberlain, the Ibsenites have already given a representation of the master's moat gruesome work, "Ghosts," and the rest of the dreadful series are promised, y-' The fgreat Clitheroe abduotion- oase, of which your readers will have heard from other sources, ended yestorday in the release of Mrs Jackson from' ' her -husband's ' domestio restraint:' -The Lord' Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls gave themselves a. .free hand, in abusing the husband and throwing indirect contempt on the doctrines >of marital authority— all, which has made the , '..Times ' very angry,, the. other papers generally taking- the popular view; that a wife is a human being and a British subject, and ought not to be subject to perpetual incarceration at the will of' her) husband. The whole affair illustrates vividly the absolute ignorance of the great mass, of ...Englishmen in relation to the leading facts " affecting their own daily lives and condition. Nearly every Frenchman " knows his code " puffioiqntlyAp have a general idea of his- own rights® andj&sponsibilties.; But if an ErigluhmanPis not a practising lawyer it never occurs to him as possible that lip!.,! ban master eveh'1the most elementary maxims of law aB af fecting himself and his neighbours: > I remera- bor once .'going down to a police oourt to; look, after a young- gentleman who had' been sum- : moned for having. mounted the box of a- derelict cab and set the horse at a gallop— the indignant jarvey giving chqse. The escapade; happened at four in the morning, the delinquent, being in evening dress, apd having imbibed! Fvanlv nt a ball in Grbsvenor-sauare. I !foundi the , ante-room of the coujrt filled with major-! jenerals, rear-admirals, peers, members of Far- < iament, arid country gentlemen, who had all; cotrie; to speak to the -'character of the accused,! and were waiting to.be called into court — where; the, -case had -been: proceeding for about two; minutes— wHen-tho door swung open and a pro-; fessional wag came 'forth, with fictitious woe! depicted on his countenance, and -.announced! that the magistrate had infleted a sentence of 20: years' penal servitude and a flogging of 50! lashes. A babel of- indignation burst forth, and: lasted a long? time— not one of the distinguished orowd peiceiving .that , the - statement was a' palpable absurdity. The same credulity in mat-, ters of law made itsolf evident in the Olitheroe oase. Evory publio writer in !the kingdom; acquiesced, -awith a fatalistio apathy,. worthy of ari Oriental mind, in the viow that a- wife was the bond-slavo of ;:lier husband. There sho was, shut up in her husband's house at Blackburn, thecounty police present in foroe to prevent, her family! from 'releasing her,- and .there she must remain .until "sho dipd or submitted. At last' a letteV appeared' in one of the . papers, signed "f.," suggesting that everyone con- corned was in gross ignorance of the law, and that tho lady'b friends had only to apply for a habeas corpus ' in order to obtain her instant release. The hint was . (aken, , but the first efforts were in vain. Mr Justice Cave and Mr Justice Jeuno (the most submissive husband in England) waxed, oloquent upon- the unlimited authority of a husband, founding themselves on the old judgments whioh lay it down that a husband may not only restrain his wife, but beat hor with a stiok so long as it is no thicker than his littlo linger, and also on a compara- fcivelv modern judgment of Mr Justice Coler ridge who was a forvont High Ohurchniau and saturated with tho eoolosiastical view on this and otlior matters. However, in two days tho Court of Appoal reversed tho judgment of the Court below and tho lady was restored to liborty. Tho odd thinR about tho whole affair is that in Lanca shire not only the police, but the mob, are on tho side of tho Bluebeard husband. 