OUR PARIS LETTER. (FEOX OUB OWX COBEESTONDENT.j Pacis. September IDtb. I The Republic, by the splendid funeral with •ffhieh it lv-noredtbe remains of ex-president (jp'vr. lias softened the severity that i"nuiee 2si>laveil m compelling biin to decide be tween family love and affection for his higb office- The*presence of so many of liis ccil iihjraiors in the work of Government, who acre opponents of the closing act of his public life was a sterling- testimony to his past services and private worth. Though the vast majority of the rejutlilie's ministers and funeti' marie* are free-thinkers, they did what they rarely do in Paris on similar oc ex-ion*. enter the sacred edifice and assist at the mortuary service. 3L Grevy, and 31. Caniot and 31. Thiers, are claimed by the community of free-tiiiukers, though the latter died church warden of his parish, Jvotre Paiut-de Loretie. 31. Grevy abstained from attending public worship, but bis wife and daughter were faithful worshippers at the 3Iadcleine- 31. Carnotaud his family fol ]uw in the same lines. The il-funct president expended iS,000fr. to build a vault for twelve persons and he las named in his will t hose who are to occupy a niche. It took sixteen men to carry the yffin. and the local bishop, confessor and iriend of 31. Ordvv. followed it to the vault. Of all the mourners present, the observed of all observers was 31. Wilson, of unpalatable fame, next his wife. They were rety united vet affectionate, which is the best contradic tion to the rumor that tliey contemplated dirorce. Tliey are unquestionably two per suis of one mind and of resolute character, capable <>f imposing tlieir will on the oldinan. Ibe dcve-iscd's fortune is lumped and capitalised at six million francs. Jfot. a bad pile for the sou of a pablie each man and farmer. and most creditable to his frugality. His father owned and drove a local coaeh, and the half way house was 3Iount-sous Vanlrey. whore Grevy was bom and bred. In this "he resided till be purchased, when President of the .Wenibly, an old mansion and a small estate close by; both he im proved and enlarged into the residence where he expired, lie had about 00 acres under cultivatiou : a few more let to tenants, and lis brick ii-hl give much employment to the villagers. lOt't) in number, who, in addition, have a sp-.vialitv- in making optician's goods. 3L tlii-vy doated on bis si*if-iwolelmiiM» ; be ft'ecteil it for summer residence in preference tribe palaces of bbutaiuebleau, Couiprcgene, or Kambouillet. It was at 3fount-sous Tandrry that the private life side of bis character could be seen. The last work he was engaged in. was arranging his fowling piece, his brown canvas slmotiug smock, and other sjsrrtiirg accessories to be ready when the game season was legally opened. He was acapltnl gunner. The prettiest of all the processions at the fnncral was that of the little children, iu haHriug the ueighb'rriug *' Valley of Love," so called. because some years ago an inunda l-rn suddenly rsarurred on the eve of the day when two lovers were to be married. Ill fixing to save his Evangeline, Gabriel was drowned. It is a wide - spread rbcHefihat 31. Grevy was not a man of de d-ira or grit. This sprung from his quiet and reserved manner. "When General J3ou hngtr. bring Vi*:ir 31inister during a cabinet council threw his portfolio on the iable.as srmlnrl «f resignation, because an ultimatum was not scut to Cerinanv auent tbe Schme Wi ineiflent. 31. Grcvr made a sign to the Irare irrLtml. that lie could leave Lis port folio tlii-rv. X< ver would be give Lis con sent to anr ministerial combination in which P-ralanpjr was proposed. laimatine was Gr?vy"> jdt-al as a poet, a politicKin, and a patriot: Le Lad a veritable cult for Vol "tabe :Le liked "Victor Hugo only for Lis: ■tlHatrical irKujflfatliersLip."" Thfre i> >iill a whisk in theFoulunglst tail, J5 evinced by tLe idiotic row tLc forlorn of that party attempted to orirauisc oraiast tie g^uius of Warner because Le "^Tr.te a faree.und a Lad one into tLe bargain, a~aini^ tLe Trench, during tLe war, when were lawful between enemies. Hid not Jiochcf'Tt propose a battalion of ^Lutvarts. armed witli tLe jaw-bones of asses •o break through tLe iron ring round Paris He wa> funnier fLanWagner.3EakingaTurk*s ^^ofas a means of whacking the rcaton. L? inexcusably stupid on tLe part of taose who claim to be witty citizens. Happily a*^utioii of Home jJInUtcr Constans, ani Lis fird lieutenant, tbe Prefect de Police "^ereftpial t«» tLe occasion as usual. Xf you *r*jkt0cotv" 11 L*arismob.sLow that it cannot you ; if you want to get on with a xitceLiuau. show him at the earliest moment, you are not ii the slightest afraid of ami. ^£t^t war to protest against an opera •4>u dislike is to abstain from witnessing it, * "way also to escape from rough tandliii^ by j]Je police is also to abstain from jromenadiug where the " 3Iarlc is known It would Ixi a sad day for Prance she liand over her patriotism to the ^ a^d strays that yaliooed against "'"'J""- These outbursts of blind fury •aid impotent passion, uncomplimentary as must Le to Germany, wrill not be <3Is jymrted by Genuans. as French opinion. are lnoro serifms for France Ler ti rcjealiu^ a latent turbulence, ready J sPr^1^ mto anarchy on the iirst occasion it ^ or wLeu it feels the Land of autho ntvndaxed. 4-j protest ryur e<jines at a moment when h^l^Htiyal nerves of Kur«>]>e are" unstrung', ?piu^>u ^ytlunir but confident, despite n i and ministerial assurances L* i m UJj:i^'JU JJ^ Tlmt opinion is so 1^1 i I,S fati^ucd,andFranceis tlie conclusion into which t- !vf tlmt even a \vorse future is Le.Y*e *Lc exhausting present. In tLeir Hreucb do not desire war : for the the erents of 1S70-71 the very r '"tt ^ ^ repugnant. TLe people are »,« -T^'^pLied : they have exhausted their in %-Laoiis of w-hat tliey would -•omplbhjjy a*«»ing Land in Land wath / all tL»-y perceive is—a demand ' ] of fiuncs as a loan fromRussia; I 1 r^lute rea«iines.sofFuglaud to break ii" and instantly jrmpple v,"v Hie Tartar, should he want to cover the n ^ an eagle, which is anything but i - 4J* frtvdoin.'* The l>elief is that the Plack Sea »)(hi be a liussian Ijake, and as free tean" tLe wurld as the 3Iediterra j(>r " implies at least coaling stations ter Waie ^ the forogn powers in that <juur for the first time, and the L=st aigier s c»mplete works, was brilliantly ^-|prfe«ented at the Opera. It could only* Lave j^Plxanted those who paid hundreds of al>0Vc the chartered price for a sea*, to cf expected big W.W. Not a ghost IikiJi ! . Li iffe house ; -the play icail •. t ^infiuenceil by the swashing of Urre>ts by the police outside, to if ^ crowd move on. "UTiat a trimbpli, ttnw,®reat composer could witness the jjLjLi ^ aPphiuse paid to his genius a few lS5f) Farhdans; and his situation in p.-r* ^hen he anived for the first time in 1 ^ political refugee, starving, tick and. broken doum 1 Madame Caron, why, , though divorced, beats still ber husband's name, was superb in the role of the unjustlv a censed poor Elsa; her diction -xvas full of poetical simplicity*, and her singing- of pas donate truthfulness. M. Van Dyek, as Lohengrin, only confirmed the general verdict, that of his being the tenor "Wagner sought: his acting, singing, and . delivery, were faultess. But he made a mistake to shave oil* his beard- A Scandinavian hero without full hirsute accessories, looks as odd as a bald-headed Venus. 31. Van Byck was originally a JournalLst ; it was only iu 1332 be appeared ou tbe stage: tbe same year wliea Madame Caron ulsj made ber debut. fbe Chinese question causes mucb em barrassment to France: sbe must take a prominent part In crushing tbe Anti iSuropeaiiistscyet ber situation iu Europe can not be weakened by sending out a punitive expedition; then sbe must expect back banded blows from tbe Celestials, 'another name for Black Flags and Pirates, in Tonkin. It is questionable if tbe chamber would vote the necessary men and mouev to - meet the emergency. Besides, the revenue returns lire bad: tbe exports have fallen 15 mil lion francs during the month of Julv, and Imports have augmented by 3*2,000,000 francs. * An interesting commercial discussion is taking place respecting the faience Industry In France and England, and is important as it phiecs the general question of each country's manufactures In tbe strong light of com parison. It appears that England now com mands tbe ceramic trade throughout Spanish America. The export price of tbe English article is often three-fourths less than that of French fabricants. Thcu the difference in freight is nearly 13 francs per ton cheaper iu Euglaud. Also, Euglish makers are con tent to receive.5 and even 1 percent profit, while not being over-feverish on the matter of credit. But the luost important circum stance is the admission, tliat French nianu faetures continue to rely ou the home market Baton Adolphe de Eothschild is the best Israeliti-jh equestrian iu France, for the Jews have u&t; the reputation of bewitching the world with noble horsemanship. The baron is now erecting a large riding shed, a kind of hippie cloister, where he can, in all j weathers,bike his favorite exercise. It will be lit up by electricity. The Kussiaus continue to work hard, to i keep alive the memory of the Cronstndt visit. | Souvenirs of the French in the past are re called. A llussiaa writer.iu a leading French Jb rnr observes. ** Pending the Criniean War, the Busshin often spoke of the French sol dier. lie involuntarily sympathised with the French 2L\lH<t'<rc. who was distinguished in the most evident manner by liisredbieeches/' What must have been the distinguishing fea ture with the Highlanders, when, wind and weather permitting they had no L reeks? The Great Korthern Bail way of France has prosecuted a joint stock band of its own employes, who some vtarsago, defrauded not ouly passengers but the goods traffic. The wives of several of the unfaithful servants were also prosecuted. One of the men com- j mitted suicide rather than endure his shame, ■ and though the indictment declared htm t-o be dead his widow was nevertheless sentenced to four mouths imprisonment for connivance. The French Colonial Budget has been ac cepted by the Commission ; amount 57 mil lion francs. Henceforth the French will have but two colonial head centres for their forces abroad—Martinique in tbe West Indies, and | Diego-Sunrez in Madagascar, wliich is. next to Sydney, the finest bay in the world- These and 21 few other colonies will not have com pleted their defensive works before six years. It is alleged tliat no Colonial Minister can be created, because he and the Foreign Secre tary would never agree iu a Cabiuet. i In the 1100 arrests made on the occasion of | tlie Lohengrin row one of the prisoners was a cook. Where do you reside ?*' asked the Police Magistrate. " In ZMazas." Tlie magistrate's hair stoiwl ou end on receiving this reply, Mazas being tlie city prison, but the :iectUH.-d w:is one of tbe assistant cooks employed there. Tlie Comte de Bardi, nephew and heir of I the late Comte de Cliambord. has just to- J turned from a voyage in the Polar seas to Frolisdorf. One of his first acts was to com pel the monks, who take carc of his uncle's mausoleum to cease using it for drviug onions | and garlic. He wants no festoons of such i mortelles. Kb complimentary mourning has been worn to honor M. Grevy's memory. For merly the Kings of France were excused from going into inouruing ou the death of their predecessor : they clad themselves in purple to show that the monarchy was alive. But the queeu-widow was compelled not to quit her apartments for a year, and the princesses of Holland ou the death of a ; father, brother or husband had to become ! bedridden for six weeks. Ko gloves were to | be worn. Blue or violet is Turkish mourning and white that of Japan and Abyssinia. 