HOLINESS CONVENTION IN COLAC. [BY " IZAAK."] Since the holding of the Holiness Con- vention at Geelong in September last, the great and blessed influence of that great gathering has been appreciably felt and experienced by the members of the local Wesleyan Methodist body, resulting in an earnest and prayerful desire for the pos- session of the " higher gift" of spiritual life and holiness. With this deepening of the spiritual life, and earnest desire for the revival of the Church of Christ, the wish was generally expressed for the hold- ing of a convention in Colac on similar lines to that held at Geelong, under the presidency of Rev G. G. Grubb, M.A., and in furtherance of this object prayers have been continuously offered for the success of the movement. Yesterday was the day fixed for the Convention, which was held in the Wesleyan Church, and the meetings throughout were well attended, there being representatives present from all parts of the district. The Rev. John Watsford, better known as " Father Wats- ford" presided, and though nigh upon 80 years have passed over the honoured head of this aged servant of God, he conducted the meetings with much wisdom, tact and power. The proceedings commenced at about halt-past one o'clock by the singing of the 140th hymn in Sankey's selection, 'All hail the power of Jesus' name," after which Mr Watsford engaged in prayer. A Bible reading followed, the subject chosen being part of the 20th chapter of the Second Book of Chronicles. Mr Watsford said there was only one point in the read ing to which he would direct their atten tion, and that was where Jehoshphat,feeling his own weakness, looked right up to God, and felt assured of victory before he had won it. In the same way they should humble themselves in the dust before God, and in that spirit which actuated Jehosha phat, he would ask them to sing at the be ginning of the meeting what was usually" sang at the end, " Praise God from whom all blessings flow." This having been done, the Rev Mr Cock and a lady engaged in prayer. Then the hymn, commencing " I am thine 0 Lord, &c.;" (165 in Sankey's) was sung, after which came an address frmn the iev John rWatsford, who spoke at con iderable length on the subject of "Being illed with the Holy Ghost." He said he vanted their to pray that' throughout the Convention they might be led and directed by God. He referred them to the several passages relating to the baptism of fire, and descent of the Holy Spirit on the day ,f Penticost, such as Mathew III, 11th verse; Acts I, 4th and 8th verses; Ephe sians V, 18th verse. All present might be illed with the Holy Ghost, just as Peter, James, Mary and many others were on the lay of Penticost. They should look for it Lt the veiy beginning of the meeting, every moment be looking for it. When . 3od made man he was pure and holy and illed with the Spirit, but when man ;inned the Holy Ghost was driven out of him. The great work of Christ was to bring God back to dwell again in man, and the New Testament was full oi promises to this effect. When Christ entered upon His great work of redemption He was filled with the Holy Spirit, but it was expedient that He should go back to His Father so that the Holy Spirit might descend upon iLan. It had been asked What is the meaning of being filled with the Holy Spirit? That was a mystery which it was hard to explain. but he pointed out that it can be explained by its effects. They could tell of its effects by the purging away of all remaining sin. Archdeacon Leighton had beautifully remarked that when Jesus was baptised the Spirit came down as a dove, but on the day of Penticost there was fire, which was an emblem of purification. Thus the evils that clung to them were purged away by fire. 'he fear of man was also taken away, Christ. It removed selfishness, unbelief, pride and evil. Some people were of the opinion that we ought to be satisfied with u,,-h less thsan a Penticostai shoswer of the Holy Spirit, and several ministers na preached against what went on at Geelong Convention; but the movement was spread ing throughout the colony notwithstanding. In effect these objectors prayed " Lord, do give us a measure of the Holy Spirit but do not give us too much, or men will say we are filled with new wine." We can so get the .Holy Spirit in us that God may use us in the conversion of sinners. Every christian has received a measure of the Spirit, but it may be not in the fulness necessary to purge away every sin. There were nooks and corners in these hearts of ours into which the spirit cannot enter unle.s we unlock the door of our hearts. God, through his word had commanded us to be filled with the Holy Spirit, and that command must be obeyed. How are we to get the blessing ? There were two things for us to do. The first was a full surrender, a giving up of ourselves and our all, an entire consecration; the second thing was simple faith. Some say " I do not fel I anything." That old" feeling" trouble had distressed him once, but he found it was not feeling that saved any man. They must pray and believe, and then tlht feeling will come Ano'her question wo+a " When can we receive the Holy Spirit ?" Just the moment when we make a full surrender, just when we open the door of our hearts and let the spirit come in. Let Him have full possession that hour, they had come to the meeting for that purpose, and they would not be disappointed. Rev R. E. Craddock gave an interesting address on the descent of the holy dpirit on day of Penticost, and its influence and power on the Apostles and the Christian Church down to the present day. As the whole life and character of the Lpostles were changed after Penticost. so in like manner he showed how a similar change or transfiguration of the whole man would take place when the Holy Spirit had taken possession of him. The day of Penticost was a model revival service, it was the birthday of the Church, and lie considered the church in the present day would be better employed using the Spirit instead of praying for it. He urged them to a fuller consecration of thcir lives to the service of Christ, and prayed that the fullness of the Spirit might descend ufpon them and abide with them. Rev H. J. Cock said he had not looked forward to big things in regard to attend ance at the meetings, but he did look for a big thing in the descent of the Holy Ghost. He had derived a great deal of spiritual benefit from reading the addresses delivered at the Geelong Convention, and during the last few days had enpsrienced sll the blessings which flowed from a full surrender to God. From what he had read and seen he came to the conclusion that the doctrine of the Holy Ghost was a lost doctrine, but he thanked God that recent events showed him that this doctrine was being discovered and that large numbers of people had come into possession of the blessed influence of .the Holy Spirit. Since the time he fully surrendered himself he had felt a peace which the world knew nothing of. He, however, was not free from temptation, but having laid hold of God with both hands, he was waiting for the fire of the Spirit and waiting also for God to use him in the salvation of others, earnestly desiring to grow up into the full stature of a man. At this stage the first meeting was b:ought to a close and a short adjournment made. The second meeting commenced at 7 o'clock, and the proceedings were carried through in much the same order as at the afternoon meeting. Rev John Watsford said that if they be lieved in the Bible they must believe in the in-dwelling of the Holy Ghost, and in the Holy Ghost dwelling in the heart of every believer, as well as being filled with the Holy Ghost, It wits as possible for them to be ms holy as those in the Apostle's days, and that whole communities may be moved with the power of the Spirit. But really how little we had of the Spirit. 'he church was like a piece of machinery unconnected with the motive power. All its machinery was perfect, but oh ! for the fire. They were trusting to the perfection of the appliances and had not enough of the fire of the Holy Ghost. These poor hearts of ours cannot contain the Holy Spirit, but He can fill our souls. which He does when He enters into possession. He can satisfy every desire and every desire of our immortal nature. What was wanted vas the overflowing of God's grace, which wv may obtain by going to the fountain of the River of Life- 'here is a fullness for everyone, but they must ask God to 411 them. in simple faith; like uanto a little child. He trusted they would make a full and complete surrender, and obey God's commands. in conclusion he asked them to repeat after him, solemnly and sincerely, these lines-" Here I give myself to thee, al my all to be spent for God, dearest friends all consecrated to Christ, earthly store all belongs to Jesus." Mr H Buchanan said the meetings had been a great blessing to his soul, and he rejoiced in the conscious possession of the Holy Spirit. The absence of the Spirit in the church or its members was the cause of much of the failure they witnessed. The machinery of the church was perfect in its equipment, and if they had the power of the Holy Ghost what could they not accomplish ? 'lheir presence there that night was an evidence of a desire for the blessed gift. Their plain and positive ditty was to be filled with the Spirit whcih was the secret of the overcoming life; which signified that sin should have no dominion over them. As believers they bad numerous privileges. It was their privilege to be called the sons of God, to be led by God, to be true witnesses for Christ, to be martyers and suffer for Christ, for it was only men and women who were Spirit-filled who were worthy to suffer for Christ. If they were Spirit lled it would ho their privilege to live inder an open heaven, to see Jesus Christ snd the Glory of God continually, and by nd bye they would be glorified with him, Rev O. Dowsing (Camperdown) said his experience was similar to that of old Jacob who went down to Egypt to buy corn to appease his hunger. He (the speaker) had felt the pangs of hunger for the higher life snd power of the Holy Ghost, and he felt that he must get the bread and the living water to assuage his hunger and thirst. le often experienced much dissatis iation, and saduess even unto tears at the small result which attended his labours, and wondered what he was lacking. He then began to see what the office of the Holy Spirit was, and that lie must get the Spirit within him. His great obstacle was the want of sa full surrender. He was glad to be able to say that night that he realised the in-dwelling of the Spirit which would enable him to do the work of Christ with increased power and effect. MIr G. F. Turner tesfified to the blessed experience he had realised by a full surrender of himself to God, and that by clinging close to the rock Christ Jesus, lihe should stand steadfast and immovable in the Lord. Rev F J Watsford (Mortlake) said he knew something of the fullness. of the Holy Ppirit, but he felt at times that, he had not always followed God's guidance. It was impossible to save others if they were not saved themselvs. When the church was right God would use it as the channel by which He will save the world. It was only by the in-dwelling of the Spirit that the church as a body, or any individual part of it, can be used with any effect. The speaker gave several interesting illus trations showing how the weakest Christian may be made strong and powerful for good by being filled with the Holy Spirit. One such lady was now a missionary among 20 million of heathen in China. He then gave some particulars of his own personal experience of the working of the Spirit in himself, and as a result he had been made the means of winning many souls for Christ At the close of the meeting the president (Rev J Watsford) asked all those who were willing to make a full surrender of themselves, and desired to be filled with the Holy Spirit, to give expression to this feeling by rising to their feet, when nearly all the church stood up, and then sang the hymn commencing " Iy all is on the altar &c.;" The proceedings then terminated with the pronouncing of the benediction, and this ended the first Hloliness Con vention in Colac. 