WRITTEN IN RED; Os, :THE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE.* A STORY OF BOSTON. \- rBY CRAS. MOcTAGUE ANDs C. W..DYAa. .GHAPTER't'.-AcsD W?lO is TnM AwoisESAID MARIE ? op o ?tective John L tmm, whose experience had .? red his views of life rather more. broad satho prosy theorist who judges the .world fom -phis ..commonplace associates, was -not "?.s'ra of the existence of the emotional .Sima in, real life. Too often had it been.his mndla'choly duty to drawaside the conventional onrtitin with which the'murmber of modern' :s?oibtyendeavours to conceal his serious aiffairs from the eyes of his neighbour, and to catch a fleotihg glimpse of the contending passions -dhich were seething about the presumably .quiet hearthstone. . cThe scene which he had just witnessed did .not therefore, seem incredible in itself, but the _ie.hand the circumstances at and in which it liib'bccuired rendered it, iu John Lamm's esti. r'matin, of a most peculiar and astounding i~ tire. As yet his ideas were too disorderly ,and confused to enable him to drbw logical idedubtions. - The moment had not yet come for thieories and explanations. He could only stand -still with bated breath and rapid pulse and ;await the outcome of thoestrange situation. S;Whbi ,~Marion fainted, Stella, pale and ;tremblioug and looking very unlike her smiling g1d xoguish self, as the photograph had pro. e.aimed her, ran down to her assistance, and 'while "Aint Comfort was ambling about aim 'lesly ?sringisd her fat hands and reflecting ?adibly that ohe couldn't see why on earth she wasn't already crazy, she was making repeated arond fiitelligent efforts at restoration. The rinkling of water, which Stella procured ,wiot summoning the servants, eventually .haigtthe effect of causing the eyelids, upon r.hithlch?pomo of the drops fell, to unclose, Marton -. t ome incoherent words, arose, and tlijlthA ter .sters help, staggered to a chair, \- wh she at for several minutes as motionless and as speechless as if she had been in a trance. 'Aunt Comfort, suddenly awakening to her re 'sponsibilities, ranzto fan her with a book cover, murmuring continuously soothing and reassur MLoartn did not crpear to notice her, though ,theo detective saw the girl's eyes more than once following her sister's motions in a relent ,pms, questioning way. Mr. Lamm hoped for some Ounversation which would throw lighton h'sidramatic charade that had been enacted in his presence, but he was disappointed. Noth ing came but the uninterrupted monologue of wheezy Aunt Comfort. Neither of the sisters spoke other than in monosyllables, until Marion, suddenly flushing under some words of the elderly lady solicitous for Thorntcn Stack. house, said imperiously "! Stop! atop! I tell you!- Not another word. This house was not bh. It was my father's. Whatever there may be in it which belongs to bmiinuat be sent to him. If he ever comes here 'gai I shall go away. If he has given any ord'drs concerning my father's funeral they airhlite countermanded. It would be a sacrilege which I could not permit." Aunt 'Comfort see'ned to be too much alarmed to make any reply or to put any in quiry, sud whatever remonstrance Stella had to offer against her sister's extraordinary conduct must have been uttered before the arrival of Stackhouse, for it was evident that she had bo come hopelessly resigned to the situation. A ring at the door bell fell with startling effect upon the silence of the house. Stella fled precipitately to the utpper regions, wlhile Aunt Comfort, with her hand on her heart, stared apprehensively at the door. It was " Marion herself who waved back the advancing servant with an imperious gesture and went re solutely to answer the summons. "Dless me!" Mr. Lamm exclaimed within himself. "It's my risky client!" And behold on the threshold, hat in hand, a bit floshed and embarrassed, and with an ex pression'of lively solicitude as befitted the occasion, Mr. Richard Fetridge ! " You come at a sad time, sir," murmured Aunt Comfort; walking uimlessly between the door and the staircase. '! I ai very glad you are here, Mr. Fetridge," Marion said, in collected tones. "If we ever needed a friend, it is at this moment." 11 I need not say with what eagerness I shall avail myself of any opportunity to aid you, Mrs. Stiekhouse," hesaid, earnestly. She looked him directly in the eyes. ' Not Mrs. Stackhouee, Marion North." He made a painful effort to appear unem barrasate but was quite evident that he was gra?*ely.harmed. "You-you-know -" he stammered. "Everything," sha returned, with a forlorn, bitter accent. ' ''! Good heavens!" lhe ejaculated, in ill.con geiled alarm. ' Who.told you ?" She nimado no reply in words, but with, a 4mplo gesture indicated the portlire at the raght. In a moment the two people had dise apoeared from view. leaving Aunt Comfort starihg like a petrified figure in the museum.at . ~drawn curtain. She was awakened from ~ "lethargy by the voice of Stella calling piteously from above. " Oh! Aunt Comofort! Do come here! Do comehere !" And as the only remaining personogo in the field of. his vision disappeared, John Lamm, de~ircive, began to exhibit sundry signs of ex as?eration. In vain he strained ltis listening ears, in vain he ventured to raise the sash of the window to an imprudent degree. Nothing but thevague murmur of voices and the occasional distant sound of sobbiong rowarded his efforts. "Tobe cut off at such a point as this!" h sifumed. "I'd enjoy hanging the architect whoupt sucha stupid building together !" 'There was nothing for him to do but to con jecturoend wait. The two people remainedin thbjsarloUr for nearly half an hour. At the eip.sjatlon of that time the impatient watcher iw,the portisire disturbed andthey reappeared in the hall. Mr. Lamm easerly marked their respective appearances, hoping thereby to con. struct some theory of the nature of their inter' view, Marion was very pale, cold, determined, collected. Fetridge bore traces of unwonted agitation. His face was flushed; his hand unsteady. : She accompanied him to the door. He had opened it, whe hlie turned impulsively and said, ...Marto. won't you reconsider your.. sn' happys resolution and make a confidant of 'ITtichi~rd'Fetridge, you ought to under at~ad.me well enough by this time-to kow .hh ,na.ergo- any othet-w.5tr thi - u trafght' ·· t?b . ao o) act ontiepulsh ~utfrom * d sb e'.ssh sd ? b o soloeng reason.e" "- -;ii" gyeswre thrseef.towardsthi, flOor:at her feet. 2hisloed by special arrasgement with ?Measrs. 'It was only for your good," he murmured. ".Aidlshall still continue to'do everything in mypower to make the terrible blow easier 'for you." lHe bowed constrainedly, glanced furtivoly up the staircase as if he hoped to see another lace, and wept out. The door closed. Marion caught her breath, set her teeth together, clinched her lists, and stood motion less looking at the capet. " I'd give 600 dollars to know what.that girl is thinkig of," thought the detective: "she can assume the most unpleasant expression for a.hindsomo'wonan I'ever saw. And, hang mb; if I shouldn't dislike to be in a position dependent on her and incui her enmity. She would sting like a'serpent the man who at tempted to throttlelier."' -The fair womanwith the Medea face did not reimain long the subject of his critical contem plation. Slowly, and in the,same thoughtful attitude, she began with firm step to ascend the ataircaeo, and soon vanished from John Lamm's aight and hearing. * -That gentleman rapidly came to the con clision' that there was nothing further.to' 'be.ained by longer remaiinzig in his precarious 'iding place. Carefully closing the whid6w, le'turned the key in the lock, and was' pre paring to leave-by way of the door, wleln he stopped suddenly under the spoil of a now idea. He remained inactive just long enough to coti. aiderithe feasibility of the proposition. -It was a bold stepds6 take, but bold steps,: to the verge of recklessness sometimes, were these by which he had achieved his present eminence in iis profession. In two minutes his.mind.was made iup." Instead of leaving by the door, he first made sure that the coast was clear, and then got out of the window and walked rapidly arolind the corner to the front entrance. He pulled authoritatively at the tUll. After a short delay the soummons was answeied by the. stdl.tremut?cus Moiftrtt. " i am sorry, man," siid Mr. Lxmrn, " but I must -ee the ladies after ill. i ive my card to Miss Iar;vwod. p'ea'e." Muffiett ac.lptea thlprotfferd.lpieco of.pasto loard, on whit.h was e?igravaeil L:v?I [)IIz.- 'cr.is, Police Detective. Aunt "Comfcrt responided, breathless and aithinlti.. She iniiied Jolii Lamm into the reception- oom. WVith quiet dignity the detec' tire proceeded to apologise and to reassure her.: IIsregrettol the necess;ty which forced him to call at such a time, and enlarged upon the great service she might do the cause of justice by luaking him acquainted with whatsoever facts of any possib!e bearing on the motive for the murder that ILight be .in her poistssion. It was useless. At ano'her time lthe amiable housekeeper might have tilled his note-book with unconscious revelations; but there is a point beyond which garrulous. niess becomes conplete idiocy, and it is little exaggeration to say that' the terrible events of the day had' crricd Aunt Conifort over the limit. There was abolutely nothing: to be got from her but tears and gasps and interjections. The idea of calling upon Mrs. Stackhouse to present'the case was an inspiration to her and a relief to the patient LIinit. It is true that he awaited the coming of Marion with some compunctions and no little curiosity. The young lady entered the room haughtily, and looked at him in a distant, unemotional way. ".Did you desire my presence, sir ?'' "If you please, muadam," said John Lamm; Sand also that of your sister, if it he pos. sible." " My sister," shle returned quickly, "is alto gether too. young to be of any use to youin such an emergency. rNor do 1 choose to have her disturbed at such a tilme." " I bow to your superior judgment, madam. ,You understund that I am a simple oflicer of the law with the single purpose of doing my duty. I with to do it with us little annoyance as possible." " What do you wish, sir ? I do not see how anybody in this house can aid you. .We;know nothing of this crime but the awful fact, and it does seem that at such a time the police might do their duty without intruding into the circle of the bereaved family." " Pardon me," said Lamm, humbly but respectfully, as he stood before her, turning his hat in his uneasy hands. " The affair is a mystery. We .esire to arrest the guilty parties. Often the relatives in such cases lave strong reasons for suspicions." " We have none," returned Marion, deci sively. "No, indeed !-corroborated Aunt Comfort. T ea of Buca.thing!":. -*,. - ' Yeu. are u.ttely .unawaro of. any. piossible ,motive for this crime?" s" " ' b: Intentionally Detective Lamm castakeen, searching glance full into the face of.the stoical young woman. 'His-idea was to. intimidate ,ather than to observe her, for he.had a furtive way of scrutinising people without appearing to do so. 1It was ineffective. 'Not even her eyelashes quivered. " Utterl%" she said, firmly. " Andnow, sir, are you satisfied" . " Unfortunately, no" said Lamm, glancing uneasily at Aunt Comfort. "Could I-would it be presumptuous in me- to ask for a private interview " Marion drew a full breath. There was a slight quiver as she did so, which seemed to indicate that her calmness was the result of rigid repression of her spontaneous emotions. She motioned Aunt CJmfort towards the hall. " Well, sir?" she said as soon as they were alone. John Lamm saw that she had no intention of prolonging the interview. He resolved to break the ice of her reserve with one fell crush. "Tell me," he said, without preface, "who is Marie Moyso " She could not repress the start nor the tell tale flush that rose into her cheeks. But she made a brave effort which aroused John Lamm's unspoken admiration. " Why do you ask" Only this in a faint voice, as a response to this unexpected bomb shell. " What glit that girl has!" was John Lamm's unuttered cimment. Her question, however, warned him that lie was on the brink of a precipice, the other side of which he could not see. Still, with his accustomed audacity, he took the leap in the dark. "Because," he said, boldly, " there is reason tobelieve that such a woman is mixed up in this affair." "Ah!" she returned, coldly, "I know nothing of her. Really, Mr. Officer, you must excuse me if you have nothing more to say to me than this. The occasion is too grave-too solemn. You should go to Mr. North'spartner, Mr. Stackhouse. He can tell you more about it than anybody else." Did shee mean to give these last words a special emphasis? The detective was not sure, but lie saw tiht it would be more than useless to prolong the interview. He had made up his mind that Marion Stackhouse was impervious to surprise, and inaccessible to an ordinary appeal. Before he could hope to penetratethut armour he .would be obliged to prepare himself with a host of facts of which he was now ignorant. So he took his leave with the best grace possible, and once more breathed tihe f:eer air of the quiet streets. Unquestionably it was a relief to get out of that house with its mysterious secrets and its unlaid ghosts. "Sheoisone woman in ten housandl" he muttered.to himself as he walked away. "At her age such self-command is as uncommon as a lottery prize. Well, we'll try again." Some inquiries assured him that it was not far to the seaside residence of Richard Featridge. In five minutes after leaving Marion!s presence he was bowing before the astonished Fetridge, whom he met on the verandah overlooking the ocean. "You here?" - "So it would seem, Mr. Fetridge."' "And what can you have discovered so soon?" "I'll toll you. It's asimple clue, and may net lead to much. Still I must beg leave to ask your assistance. I wishlto put a question, stipulating that you do not ask me any in return. You see, I am not ready to make a reportyet." Fetridge slightly frowned. Evidently he did not relish mysteries. "Ask your question, Mr. Lamm." "' Who is Marie Moyao?" Fetridge sprang up with a force that over turned his chair. "The deuce " he ejaculated. "How camne you by that name?" 'I'o, ho!" quoth John Limm in his mind. "This gentleman does not guard his secrets so well as the lady yonder." " I must remind you, Mr. Fetridge," he re turned, quietly. "that. you. were not to ask queetions. Still, I don't mind telling you thiit the woman seeminto be in some way connected with our friend Stackhouse." " Iumph! Ishalll begin to reard voia as a wizard rather than a detective, Mr. Lanmi," Fetridgo remarked, with an effort to conceal his astonishment.' "I muat sany.cannot' con. ceive by what possibility 'you became possessed of that name. But since yoi have, I'huast remind you thatyou'are working for mes, asid that whatever inforniation yon' obtain ends with> me. Nobody beyond us is to' know a syllable,. You understand that ?" , " I should lie wholly ign6rent ofi.my business if I did not." '"Very wellh BBrut abdnt,.this . Moissolt' roman- -"' "".-* : ' " . " " And. by the way, how do you spell that, Mr. Fetridge?" Fetridge spelled the name and Mr. Lamm wrote it down, smiling at his own mistake. ",Frelloh?" "It's a Creole name, I believe." " Oh, to be sure. And have you any idea of her whereabouts at this time?" "She was in New York five years ago. I cannot say-though Mr. Stackhouse, who may find it convenient to keen track of her, perhaps can-what has become of her." The two men looked at each other. " Well," said Fetridge, impatiently, "why do you ask me this? Wat possible connection can shehave with this case. " 'N?ot caring to betray himself by answering this uestion, John Lamm deemed it prudent to withdraw. "I have barely time to catch the train back," he exclaimed; hurriedly, glancing at his watch in the fiiding light. " I'll talk with you later, "Mr. Fetiddge." And he was off at once at an energetic pace. But he did not leave Swampscott till he had made Mr. Moffett his firm friend. .John Lamm was not of the sort.to let grass grow under his feet or to, neglect any clue, hwevyr uglikely, .which could possibly bring hIm'to uccess in an important quest. .1)Vheniat last, after a long conference with the inhside rman" of the late Paul North, he was in the train on his way back to the city, he began writing an idvertisemenit to be forwarded to a correspon'dent in Nqir York for insertionin the dailypaperi there. "MARIE' fioAsor !-Any information as to whereabouts of Mario Moissot will be liberally rewarded by the undersigned. The lady her-. self will learn something to her advantage by addressing v -' -." "It's a slim chance," muttered the detective, "but still it may lead to something." CHAP PER VI,-Lrs'AFrEn DEATII. At eight o'clock in the evening of this same Fridsay, medical examinerJarrett sat at his desk in the office at his house busily writing. "Upon making a careful and complete -examination of the- body of the man nasged Pault Noith, I find that a' ball, probably fired from,a. revolver of 32 calibre, atan angle of probably 20 degrees, and from a distance not exceeding three feet, entered his back near the soiuiil'.coluinl at the seventh intercostal space on the trilit side, and passed in an inward and upward irection,'going through the upperper tion of the liver and completely through the lower lobe of thoright lung. " The path of the ball was not arrested, show ing that it.was fired in the direction indicated. It pierced the lung nearly opposite the third rib, and left the body on the front side, just above the rib named. " I do not find that the said Paul North could have committed suicide. The position of the entrance of the ball, and its direction, seemed to deny this possibility. "There was' ample external hoemorrhago to have permitted the man to have written the words on the wall of. the room in Which ha.was found. liso, immediately the writing was con. .cluded, he no doubt died. "Death was painless, and resulted from in. ternal hiemorrhago, caused by the opening of an artery in the right lung.'" The d.inging of the office bell suspended' the report of the autopsy over PaulNorth's body at this point. Dr. Jarrett rose to meet his caller, recog. nising him at once as the reporter whom he had met a few hours previously at the house in Marlboro street. "Ah, Thomas," he said, "still on the case, eli? . A very good storv,'that of yours in the afternoon paper-very judicious indeed." "Thanks,' the reporter, answered. "And now I want you to help me get out an equally good story,'or'a better one, for the morning. The autopsy was performed at'the City Hos pital morgue, of course. Can't you give me the eor. Jarrett shook his head and rubbed his chin. :"There isn't a man I would sooner give out the report to than you, Thomas, but it wouldn't do to. have it published before it's submitted.' All,I can say at this point really is.that I have no doubt whatever that murder has been com mitted." Mr. Thomas fingered his watch chain. "Not a word more?" he queried. "I'll tell you what' I'll "do; Thomas," the' medical oxaminer answered, after a meditative turn up and down the hall. " You have kept' a good many important secrets when the work: of the authorities couldn't have been done with. outyour silence. .'I'l-tell you who. assisted-in' the autopsy. 'Yoeu could interview him without mentioning my namein the matter." - A broad smile illumined the reporter'sdface,I and he preseinted the' medical examiner with a very comprehensive'wink.' ""Dr. Francis Huntress 'is the man," coati nued.the exaininer, conlldntially. "'He has an. office where he lives, at No. -,-Greenwich' Park." "I know him well,'.' said Mr. Thomas, as' he parted from the~octor; and there was full justification for the .words . in the friendly greeting accorded to him at the surgeon's" door. Two minutes after he had pulled at the' bell-. handle, Thomas was comfortahly ensconced in an easy chairiun the doctor's study, the physician sitting opposite to him at his desk, where a drop light burned, "You are the most extraordinary fellow,"' the surgeon exclaimed, admiringly, after Thomas had stated his mission. "Some of the morgue peoopl must have told you I was called in. No? Well, never mind--we'll assume you divined it, as you have a I undred other matters supposed to be the most profound of secrets. But I'll tell you one thing, my blacklhaired friend. This is one of the most curious and remarkable cases that ever came to my atten lion !" "You have no dcubt it was a case of murder?" questioned Mr. Thomas, busy with his wateh charm. "I can fluln no other explanation. You saw the wound. You noticed how the man lay ? Now, the bullet was a 32-calibre pistol ball. It entered at an angle of certainly not less than twenty degrees, and went upwards andinwards in that direction. I don't know whether you observed any traces of :ownder on the manu's clothing ." "They were there, nevertheless. And that means that the pistol from which the fatal shot was fired coulun't have been held more than three feet away. At the same time we con. cluded it must have been more than two. And tlhis, you see, effectually disposes of the theory of suicide." " Assn angle of twenty degrees, you say, doctor?" " About that-not exactly." " Then the pistol was fired behlind the man's back; and was held at what height from the floor?" "Very esily reckoned. About two and a half feet from the hoor." " That's curious," said Thomas, with a puzzled air: "but the angle of tw-enty degrees explains wshat I couldn't understand. And that is why the bullet alshould have entered the wall at a lheight of ten feet from tihe tloor." SIndeed e "exclaimed the surgeon, greatly interested; "well, noes, if you've' got the lateral angle of that bullet, sinco we' already hve .the upward angle of it, 'it is a simple m sthematisl iprohlem to decide just where Patl North stood when the shot was fired." Thomas drew a roll of paper from his pocket. Separating from a curled-up photographer's proof the proof of a compositor, he spread it out upon the surgeon's desk. It was his dia gram of the second floor of the house in Marl oro street. "There, doctor," he said, pointing with his ~pencil to the centre of the space between the two doors at the back of the library; " that is about the point where the bullet entered. The e?artridge end of the ball was intact, and pro truded from the wall, pointing like the end of a finger backwards and downwards in a direction that would bring us very near the writing desk in the corner b the bhay window." " flow far distant?" "I should say about fifteen feet." The surgeon muade a brief mathematical cal. culatiosn. "Roughly speaking," hie said, "there is a rise of about six inches to afoot in an angle of twenty degrees. Starting with a point two and a half feet from the floor the remaining seven feet and a half necessary to attain the height of ten feet would be gamed in a hori. zontal measuremuent'of just about filteen feet." " Capital !"exclaimed The mus, who saw the force of this at. once. "It follows inevithbly that the murderer must have tired from a poist near the writing des-, and thest North stood three or four feet tlis side of the desk facing the wall." "Or better still, facing the door near where he was fousd." ".Just as if," said the reporter, "somebody there had called to him or staltled hlim so that he turned awtay from his assailant for the momeeit." "And the murderer had been sitting before tbhe writing desk. Exactly." Thomas shook his head dubiously. "'All this asunds very well, doctor," he said; "butit's too mathematical to be .true. Things don'thdpe n thit way. 'ise bullet, may have been dofleeted i itsecourse;" " " Ldon't see how-it could havebees.": "Oh,'g~sloussl doi't attempt ti~ acc6unitfife th?a 'onduct' of bullets,".s'aid Thi,"si'":''tlio' police departments are full of the most curibus records of their freaks. Sometimes the most deadly ball will fail to do its, work--osecially. if held too near the victim. One man,' .t .is said, attempted to commit suicide by holdin- the pistol.muzzle against his fore head. If he had held it a little way off it.' would have blown his brains' out. As it was, the bullet flattened itself and slid off harmlessly. And as an instance of the power of a spent ball, I may cite the case of that East Boston woman a short time ago, who was .killed while frying doughnuts at her. kitchen stove 'by a bullet fired by a guard on ddty at the navy yard a mile away. To enter the house the bullet bored' its way through the Whole thickness of the window sash aud went' clean through her besides." S"-o that you would consider it nothing astonishing'that the bullet in this, case, after passing completely through North's body; should still have the strength to bury itself in the wadl." " No," said.Thomas," ' though lsehould esy unhesitatingly that it.was no. toy. pistol. And now, doctor, I. want to ask,you two .or thre4 questions... n'the first pIace,,isn't it within the" possibilities of niedcal pclence to determine how. long a'man'ha beein dead ?" " "Anywhere within twenty-four or thirty-six hours, probably yes?".. "With how much accuracy ?" "Well, possibly within an hour." "As close as tlhit?"' S"I believe that most surgeons and physimans accept the proposition of an' eminent surgeos and chemist who stated a few. years. aSo, that the day will come when we may first determine the general health of the subject by oexmination of the other organs, and then submit the clotted blood in the heart to microscopic tests. The blood, you know, is made up of three parts the serum and the red and white cotpuscles. The red corpuscles contain the life. That lifd remains for several days after death if the body is without disease to induce over-rapid decom-. position.. The length of time which haselapsed since the heart cosed to beat may be deter. mined by the amount of life in the red cor. puscles. The same test is also applied to the contents of the other vessels." " Iave those tests been applied in this case,i doctori" " Yes, but merely as an experiment to com pare with the other tests applied. Iam happy to say.they showed,isn.a measure, the probable reliability of the theory." " And what were those other tests?" " Most bodice become quite cold in from, eight to twelve hours after death. .In the cases of bodies .which present certain signs that I. need not detail, we know that death has not been present more than twelve hiours.. In frbin twelve to eighteen hours, however, the eyeballs become soft and inelastic, and feel flaccid. The last sign of the earliest stage of death is the rigor mor/is. This is, perhaps, the most do. pendable of the signs we have to guide us at present. , Of course, the rigidity of the body may continue beyond a week, but the circum. stances which would occasion this would le too? extraordinary to be unnoticed. Considering all these things, I should repeat that the length of time which Mr. North has been dead is toler.: ably certain." "And from this, when did you determine that Mr.'Norli had died determi "Perhaps Dr. Jarrett would object to my giving that information to the Press," said the, surgeon hesitatingly. ".Then don't give it to the Press. 'Give it to me." 'Thomas smiled insinuatingly. " And you- what will you do with it?" i! Compare it with such other information as' I already possess, to see,if. my suspicions are correct." "You suspect somebody.' "Everybody." ' " 'The surgeon' laughed, ;and .Thomas laughed: with him. There was a.quiet air of unassuming' ability and stren"th of character about the newspaper man wtich-assertedditself to every body of sufficient discernment 'to appreciate: such a fact' before he had been in his presence five :ninutes. . The surgeon,. moreover, knew. him to be a man of his word. "Then I understand that this communication is confidential?"he asked. ".Decidedly, for the present." ,. '" Iii that case,'I dob't mind' telling you.that' we came'to thd conclusion.that Mr.:North was shot between tight and nine o'clocklast night.", 'The renorter repeated'the sentence word for word to be sure there was no mistake, and' rolled the penidant to his watch chain 'rapidly 'between his fingers. '"What is -it?". asked the surgeon, .whose attention was directed towards the glistening -white trifle. ":That?" said the reporter, 'glancing down' and up again with a'quaint smile. "''hat's a: souventr of a case I worked on, nce. It was at woman's tooth, I suspect, at one time. :"It was' 'a sort of a clue which I' followeil to. success,' while'ths rest- . But ft'doesn't matter. It's' on interesting story, so I won't get 'strted dh' it. I'm niot so sure the North case won't eqiial' it. Of course 'you'know about that strange writing on'the'wall " ' "Yes," wasthe answer; ".Dr. 'Jirrett 'said: there was no doubt that a name was scrawled there, and that the writing was in blood." "Do you think Mr. North could have written it himself?" " Well, that is a leading question," answered thesurgeon, as lie leaned back in his chair. "I did not see the writing." "No?" said Thomas. He unrolled the photographer's proof. "'Well, there it is natural size, just as it looks." The surgeon scrutinised the scrawl with great interest. " Well, this is most extraordinary," lie said. "Why, you may plainily mark how many times he was obliged to dip his finger by the corre. spoending heaviness of outline. Observe the S, the a, the h, and finally the letter following the u, where his strength seems suddenly to have deserted him and the fihger dragged down wards. 'That makes four times." "Yes, if le wrote it," said Thomas. "But how about that, doctor?" " There is, at least, no conclusive reason why hs might not not hve written it himself. It was certainly done with his forefinger. A careful examination of the cuhl of that linger convinces elo that it had not only been dipped in blood, but thereafter drawin over a surface while wet. Tihe diffeoence in the degree of the stitin at different parts of the finger iudicates that. H{ow far above the floor is this writing'i" "Just about a foot and a half. It is a tinted wall, and the wrhiting is immeJliately above the footboard." In his interest the surgeon actually left his chair and got down upon his side by his study wall, and, raising himself slightly o I his right elbow, began to trace with the forefinger of h'is right hand. "Just the right height," he said. "Was the writing horizontal? Did it run just pnrallel with tile footboard ?"' "Just about." "If a man had directed this writing from a higher point, Thomas, he would have written back-handed. How was the slol.e of the letteis?" " Natural." "And have you seen anS" specimens of Northl's handwriting? Doras he ferm his letters that way?"ay " " Yes; as nearly as could he expected under thoe circuinstances." ' . "Then I should say," said 'the surgeon, rising, "that it is more tLhani probable that Nort wrote it.' ' r "But with a wound like that," 'euqgestsed thie reporter, "death must have beeniinstan tuneous." " . - " AlAh, there you have failed't'" distiingiisb :botwreen-speedy deati and'instandtanopus death. What is commnionly calledinstantasineols dealh- from a shot in the heart, for instance-is byno means such;- A secondis an hour to a dying man. On thieother hand, tlhe severing of the spinal column by a bullet would actually cut a thought in two. Man'goes into the presence ofhis Maker under such circumstainces witthout an instant to prepare himself. But in' a case like North's, we must take into consideration the power of the human will 'to prolbng life." " To defer the monient of death ?" asked the reporter, incredulously. "Certainly. A man shot through the heart ofteu has time to cry out a. sentence. The in. credible swiftness of thought in tile hour of mortal peril has been attested by the moutlhsof hundreds of witnesses. Rescued from impend ingdeothl by some,providential good fortune, they' have declared that 'they "hlved over the events of a lifetime in a few second.'" "But this w:itlng on the wall was not an act of memory." . " No. But witi thought in a man of strong purpose would come quick determiuatiou and thle power to act, even at that moment. You. must behr in miid that ,fr. North's death was cauied by the filling of his .hiiigs.wiLth blood instead of air. It was a painless death, and Mr. Neorlh's will power would have ensabled 'him to prolong his li'e sixty seconds-perhaps one n 180 seconds-ample time for the writing of th's nosee cn the wall, as you can see. Take the anmsn su' l North. Trace it slowly, as if you' had to d'in your finger in the writnur fluid four tunies. There. Now, time yourself. - How long didit take you?'" "Just twenty'eeconda,".said Mr. Thomas. "Exactly. Nowyou understondthe posli biliies in this matfler of the'writisig; and I tlll you,Thomas, this talk with younT ycen arfusan4 .eaphasisees'ny'.eliofthat here'du h-avea'geat :'ae.s,'on6e of tib'moet 'eitraordenary"-'l'.ia'b 'n.:" peerlsnce.' If you can pit what I've told you to' goo6 use, I shallbe glad;' ut iind, I shall not look to see it in the morning paperos." *ho surgeon had arisen and was accompany.' rug the.reporter to the door. Thomas stopped. him by a restraining gesture. "Dy the.way, doctor, stand justas you.are. Now will you put your finger on that part of your body corresponding to that whero Paul North was shot r" The surgeon obliged him. Thomas, standing behind him, made several rapid measuremente and calculations with his eye and hands. " There is something decidedly curious here, doctor,"hesaid. "Stand behind me, please. Suppose'me your intended victim, if it's not too great a strain on your imagination. Now see .where,ybs?imust holdyour pistol to comply with all conditionsi-within three feet, pointed up wards at an angle of twenty degrees!" The surgeon, who hastened to attempt the expeisp.nt, uttered an exclamation of sur. prise. " Curious how much a man may miss whqn he thinks hehas observed the whole, somo timget he said. "Why, I never thought of this bef6reo"' "?lhat dpltor?" i"Tl aptndiin Who fired that ,ball must have " ? "! Pecisely !".exclalimedThoma. "Jutthoughts exactly. What sano person psudd ire[a pio 1at a man in any such direotion iiia Oct bdttitddo? It wouild beialmostequally. abuý'if t!aaassb sain, hadbeen seated." "You are rlight" returiedil the surgeoa; thoughtfully. "H' might have been crouchinig behind some article of furnituroe-" "Or bheo previously knocked down!" Thomas interposed, turning a very meaning look upon the surgeon's face. "Sb, indeed! That would indicate, then, a etrugtle to your mind !" "Ifwoul indicate that the murderer fired in eolf.defenco, or from momentary passion in duoedhby North's treatment of him." "Good! Good t" cried the surgeon. "There's a theory that presents all the plausibility of life. These cold - blooded, deliberait murders are going out of fashion in this age of the world. And thereupon the horrified murderer flees and the dying man writeshis name upon the wall by which he lies. . . . Thomasshook hands warmly with the speaker. He did'not say so, but the surgeon understood the action to indicette that the reporter was congratulating him upon having arrived at the same conclusions to which he himself had come. When Thomas found himself in the cool air of the Jnoe night again, he hastened at around pace in the direction of Newspaper Row. He' was near the door of his own office when a man' jumped from a horse-car and tapped him upon: the shoulder. It was Detective John Limm, direct from Swampscott. "What's your hurry, Kingman?"'.he in.: quired, with the easy assurance of a familiar acqluintance. "Come up into my odice a few, minutes. I.want to talk with you." RInortsr Tuomas consulted his watch. '".Tae fact is, old man," he said, with a fran ,smile, ",I'm rather driven tonight. It's that North mystery, you understand." "Haw.'do you know that isin't the very matter:I wanted to talk with you about ?'! re-, turned. Mr. L mm, taking the reporter's arm' with good-humoured insistence, and escorting him,-half reluctantly, to his own private den,, as he calledit. "Xingman, I know you, and you know me," said the detective, after they were fairly settled' in their chairs. ",It came to me whoenI saw you just now. that we might work this case together.' :It wouldn!t be the first that we have handled together, oh?". " You're right,.' said Thomas. ." Now, I'm interested in this North- mystery' very, particularly, you. understand." pursuedl :Mr.:Lamm, quite warming to his-subject, now' that howas closetted with a tried friend, and at an hour when he was reasonably secure from interruption. "Not for the Government; of cou~rse. Private parties. And my opinion, gathered from all I have been able to nscertain' about he asse,is that it' is very mysterious, veryocomplicatd, and may baffle even the most thoroagh investigation." 'Thomase pursed up his lips, and regarded the gas jet doubtfully. Y'oa don't thlik so, eh'?" " When I hear what Thornton Stackhouse's alibi is,.I can answer you better." "Albi, eh? So you have the medical ex. amiinei's report ? Good! Just what I was after. When did'North die ?" " The reporter- laughingly parried this query with another. ' o, Do yousupposobI flave tiao'dzithr's 'ropcrt on thonautopey ah soy coat pocbklt'i'" - " Mor. ?moia' ventured' to express a' sliewd! suspicion that his fiitnd di4 possess, by: some; fortiluate-chhnhe ori oilier, the eesontial'focts of that report, and Mr. Thomas qdite iistiflod that suspicion by letting him know, in strict e6n.: fidlence, the outconie of his interview with the surgeon.. ' Tleo'dtectivo uttered a long, low Whistle. " Curious ! Mighty curious !" he com. mentcd. . "If you'll' be so good tas'to-give me ihn opportunity," suggested 'Thomas, "I'll be pleased to ejaculate witlh you." - " Umha ' You said a'moment ago, Thomass, that your opinion of the case would depend upon the alibi of Thornton' Stackhouso. What would you say if I told you that the said gentle. mran's elsewhere has one weak spot in it, in. volinog the precise period of time that you have mentioned ?" "I should say nothing, but remtin inii horly expectation'of Thornton Stackhouse's arrest." ' Very well. 'See that you do seay nothing, for the secret is yours and mine at present. And so "ou have already convicted the poor fellow?" '' 1 t - John TLamm" took one of the cigars which stdod uplright in the upper pocket of his vest, and drew a match against Ihe under side of his chair, which was tipped back against the wall. " I must confess." Thlmas replied, " that it looks to mie something that way." "Oh. indeed, yes. The evidence is strong even stron?ger, probably, thanyou know-against him. Butthen -' In lieu of continuing, Lammn lighted his cigar. "Thomas, what is your definition of a good theory of a 1myst ery ' he suddenly u ilouiefd, as hlie threw the miatclh from him. " I don't know that I ever thought of defliing It." "Well, I'll.tell yon what mine is. A good theory is one which thoroughly explains all the facts in the esse." "Short and comprehensive," said Thomas. "I subscriboe to it. That's my idea. Now, is there any fact in the case, so far known, in consistent with Thornton Stackhouse being the uan n" "' None at all." -"Ah! -And yet I can see plainly enougih that you don'tsubscribe to my opinion. Is there any, fact which the suppositimon of his guilt leaves nnexplained ?" ";here is one fact which the supposlticun of his gailt does not explain.' r "iWell, nosw weo are coming to the point. What iit P" " It doesn't explain to hy ,uinid why a certains individual of my acquitistanee should be so anxious to coirvicthim.'? "Namothe oman. :'"" "-It would be abreach of professeonal etiqjette.: But as you adilI 'are old frieds, Theme, and never betray each other's con fiedeiseb;,'I don't minid saying to you that, if you carai'gt hold ef.isy facts tendillii to oxplain sr. ichiard Petridle'e strong interest in this case, I shall be e?-esdingly obliged-if you- wall bring them'to'me." "Jupitrr!" exclaimed Thofii, opening hiis e?; there is more in this case, then, thati I Abd whern he li·ft the room afterahalf-liour's firth'ir conversatioa, 'it?was with the conviction that: iifiless some underxectrd thing happened to determine otherwise, the N'orth mnystert would turn out to be a comnplication worthy.of his best'tHlnghts and his most skilful treatmerit. As for Dftective John Lamm, he remainsd for fully mrn hour after Thomas had left him, niotionlbs anrd silent in a cloud of' smoke. Ko was quite aware that his bold stroke of enter. prise of thie mornihg had put hin a long distance uheadl of any otherpassible investigator in the case. The qieetion was how to turn his dis coveries-to tbe-bt advantbge. (Te se Co iTisUED.) 1. Dear, if you know whet tears they shed, SWho live apart from home aind friend, To pacs moyhosise, by pity led, Sour steps would tenidl Arid if yous know whalijbilees SBegcts, in sedisols, a friend's glance, Yo ud look Uli whore nty window is, As if by ehuro!"" And if yv edreamed how a friendts smire And nearness soothe a heart that's sore, You mnight he msved to stay awhile - . Before sy doorde. IV. \---Thbn if yo';gueesedEl I edliyeo?o, eeg. A':nd10* h e.mi tevei 'dsdp aind ?id?e, Somnthisgi hig5ht tempt your paiting feet To come midb! . *eresy's a gariner. 