ft Meçïiv? -aod the -iùii SiliilhtJ ' 17 l'iCK GAR-HEX., •:arect, !._•:!. if it L i. ! i. r p . : i t .: • upon ! ere at ua •r'arice to •j failli a • u r s as an m- •I; j:b the vebicl? • uijn of Sjiii. -sgd; out of Lis as. s tie was not ijiit he knew he iiup'.-u to itiica the for-; 1 an vj Use tp Vera. ._>••.-Y,jr a life thai h" was .-;oth;l;g to do but Ui bill uust that • \ J '. 1 • . tive v; hmg : : 1,; lo have alfihings : .ai J-.ji ii « :is j.vs- .-.-':, î.ais-an-bour start' • t in-! ji^-Iy mat be .l.U~r:ui:ïv.i, if it was hi.il-mi-iiour «bead of J I ' f , lijrt, vettgvful woman, ] J. • : 3 • <5 1 the most .ui iail St. Peter- Lost iikeiv to bave there t\:is something nil') i•.- dUtaneeJ a . r. , t ; '.voi, id • ! nest ii / ligk. lie bad i' - l Jbv o-.v. it. 1 j o^ab; to the oceu- ' . : :vfi .'.,. p.ii jj;> h'jik'p, ajjd as thev : : \- ' - rr'A'irLan^OH in his \-- 1 l i '[ bp r..ii;:i:j» should re- 1 : •;r : in ...f. f># i:: ibe antc- Gr.---.,|i"'hbJ ^ould be de- ' ' : ; 'Ve:j 1 i:r. : 'Vibi: fears incase to pLira couDlcSi were iiof' N".. - ....ar di.l Ibe siflind of the hojses'îeet ... .:i.d ;./r rta-:ii her! eais (.ban -she leaned j'- oi..- 1 -! back at tile pursuing car- 'it ^vas n:\ pari-il for this, and instantly 'a i.is iian itcrchief. i . .'.is, ïiîtïrr a ol in i.xiaion, spoke i : r i;ive;, : he tirc^ up. , W.tt iv;, aiovoi io -admjnitioD of the W'-.-.iuiu'i ijiiiuk'vrit ".vhtn lui saw that the : ver, a.; r. wor.1 "from her, tum-ii liis 'riSS. T;:;lI tb -y bb^:k<:<: : t In: tray across 1.' silt", t. ill Lbey le ip .-i.il S out- '•'i'n! V T dii:à" t; 1 ::<:irjll;E oih;r caril'.'je, and Wat ynifo d f'.-nt witli ' every : -ai-ar.'je t-f hasti-, : .,iid. Iti:si throwing a .' .::: ::.;.' of roabL.s ivi;:;e <ii;i-er, rr.n over to ••>••.. u tibia sat, regaijdiii-,' ih5m'wittra.#tern ;. r >,: oaspieion. i ; . .. • ' f'tand .duke wislfpà " ;ne to say," «I. -u-J Wat,: brciitidessly, ''to please i.i::iv to the foitress. and ïr.méact yoiir 1...S.:; =s tliere 85 quiciciv iS .'possible,' as 'in-i'cr !:as.' been received jhy his master and v.Huikin;' an impi^ssioiji on him jiaiso to s-.ii i his caniage tack wil|lo|Ut keepiji^g it a m ; i: :if<*, as iie wished no£| to have hjs paît bii iw if possible/' • ! || . .. .. •' V.'iio are yon ?" «Jemaiîded Bofl^ • "A confident :al-iq,ueïr^j ift his sei vice,ànd one ot the initiated,', ansivcred'A^bat, under : liia breath.' ' ' jf '.. ' ' "Very well," anssverefl Sofia.' : Hut Wat, without! seeming to notice ter looks. Eprang with! g;refi l t agility to the -hivers seat and settled Jajmself,*as if that was what he had been bidilen todo. • i ' S 'fia looked fora momrint.as if «he would , or.;er him down, bujt îblûkbjg better,of it, hade the driver hurry. | Tho latter did sp, pnd 'V>,t e&t; by his side carelessly as if hejhaa'nothVDgat gtabe in i ie issue of this drive. I , : " v' is for Sofia, utae stop jtorgot^be piàn on I e box, and, buried! i!aj ib '.own thoughts, .t ip]!ed the floor of file carriage impatiently 1 1 « :iii lier foot. " Quickerr' she'siidj, n t jlast. " i r A'ni Wjit, who,liait tiet studying how jÇiè s uni Id make a. bi )]», cuught it:'the opportunity and n pKitec fpf he,driver: i " i.eker.î" !..i j At the same time be 6natched the whip fr.-.ui the man's hand and brought it down iv:th a cruel cut on the two horses. ••What are you doing?' exclaimed the driver, and then his attention was taken up with trying to calm the fiery animate, little used to such treatment. Sofia had not seen Wat's action, and only knew that the animals were'becoming unmanageable. Bat she was too much accustomed to horses to become alarmed, and only held more firmly to the side of the carriage. Again Wat brought the whip down on the angry horses, and this time thev fairly leaped into the air, and taking the bits into their teeth, broke iuto a mad gallop. . The driver had only time for a reproachful glance at Wat, and then began that bopeleEs sawing at the bits which is so familiar to every spectator of a runaway team. Sofia now taw that the horses had become unmanageable, and though she turned a little pale, said nothing but waited for what would happen. ; "Give me the reins," said Wat, taking them ey main force from the hands of the frightened driver. Wat slackened the reins as if to take a better hold, and; the horses fetiing the freedom bccame more outrageous. The carriage; rocked and swayed in a frightful manner. t he driver in bis-alarm made ready to leap from the box, but Wat bade him keep his e-eat in such a tone that the man obeyed him, ; A little farther on, Wat saw a ditch at the side of : he road, and toward it he directed the furious horses. Too mad to notice where they were go!n?, they plunged right into it, and m an instant the whole equipage W:LS a wreck. l-'ortunately, -nobody was severely hurt, as Wat made haste to ascertain. The dris-L-r was indeed stuuned, but the countess was only frightened,'and Wat had no difiieuity is extjicating her from Ibe ruins of the carriage. And, except fur a few bruists, the h-orsts wt . e not Materially injured. With an appearance of great efficiency. Wat worked himself, and directed the people who llucïcd around, until be had got one hoi se free. lie had c ut ib" harness ail to pieces in his rlloits to yet tbe struggling animal out of toe ditch, so .that ali it had on was the ib.e driver by this time had recovered bis wils, and was loudly upbraiding Wat for the ju;tf»j;ef he bai done. S who bad been watching Wat v/iLh hardly rcstiauied wrath, nu sooner beard ibe iiiiver's wor.is tuan a quick suspicion seized her, an.!, ivibi wr.ahlul eyes, she sprang toward him. an 1 ei"lai:ncd : ' Yuu say r. was his fault ?" " Its, madam : be took lb e whip from me and last: the horses until they were furious." W;U bad ke bis eyes on the countess ail the time, u:.d i now, as lie saw her turn angiiiv to some of t ::e men, as it to order loom, be sprang on the horse he bad freed. 1 w.!. eo for heip, madam!"' lie shouted, as be put uee.'s to ibe herse, and went away : u the (iiiection of the fortress. . ; Tile other horse by this time had been nd was standing, trembling, wigli the hanging on it ail awn - , Wa looking around, saw the countess by the s e ui the hoise, tearing the ham. ss from bis hack. '• As 1 live. 1 believe she is going to have nie fo.loweJ. >0— she is going to follow rue herself. She • will not trust anybody but herself to carry the message of death." • Tie was right. Ibe countess had grasped the idea thailt was a ruse to deprive her of her revenge, obtained at such a coet, and, like tbe fury she was, had determined to lide the hoise herself rather than run the risk of i<-.=ii;g « bat was, after her love for Ivan, the dearest passion of her heart. W4Î 62w her mounted on her horse, and saw herset out at full gallop after him. ridins with "be fearlessness of an Amazon. He nad & good start, and, riding as well as she oii, be cjuld nevertheless get more out o: his horte than sue out of mrs. He could hot gain halt-an-hour, but be wouid do tlije best be could, and by iatiid work might yet save tbe girl. It he found tue passage readily, and evervtbuig «•-. rked as eatilj - as Gresser had said, be might oe hi time. At any rati:, it was now or never, and he rode as if los own life depended 011 it. And -S^!ia pursued him ^s only hate can pursue. It seems.l as if she had smelled «he'blood of her victim, and thirsted lor it. ' Wouid sbe di ink it, or would it be snatched from her. .CHAPTLi: XXVI. I'I'OIM <JL"A:IIIV TO ntiso.w Wot urged bis Iio-'SJ to I .e very limit of us spi-s-1, and asiliey «ere now out ot the j-ettie 1 parts of ttit city there was no danger in doing so.., . hjjia .followed ^ith a furioçs determination,' whiehike-of her nearer tobira than'Wat liked. Sti^l be could see that ha pas gaining on her, tiud before thev came in sight of the fortress he ivas out of the r.ac-h of lier eye. As soon as he was aware of this, he swept •around 1 toward tbe quarry and, aligistins, gave the boise .a sharp slap, which sent it on past thb fortress. A quick glance around showed him that be •rtVjg jpot -<ui>ser«a, and he ^fc once slipped down into 1 tbe quarry excavation. This took him out of the range of Sofia's vision when she should come nearer to the fortress. • . The treelspoken off by. Gresser was unmistakable, and Wat "made for it without a jnumrJit of delà} - . Indeed,..Sofia- w^svso near tolfitp that it WcS bow SoubtfruVif he'-woifldVc a'ble v to reach the ;room in which Vera was confined • before she'did. / However, he leaped up into the treeio the limb indicated by Gresser, and crawling out up'-a it, sought tiie grocrve- tneutkmffl. iie fcjtmdil wkhdht-^iffichlty, and pulled on it. The i-oek rolled back as had been described, &nd; he leaped in and closed it again b^ind him. " . ' " . . ! lie took'time to light his tiny ..detective lantern, although he knew every monient was valuable. ; But be knew--he • Vpiild iivasîé more time/wrthbut a ligbt than with 1 one. . He now. hurried rapidly aloiig, and reached the end of the passage ' without any "difficulty.- ; V ",',<' . ." 1 ' . 1 j Ttjerjng was plainly in sight, and without hesitating or waiting to hear, if possible; what was going" on in the room above^ hti <^augbt-jtiand p.uljed. . ] / 1 ; ) O The corner of the room swung^siàe, leaving a holeetrdugb fbV'&'ifig'man to pass through. ,1 i AYaf. knew there wias not a second ±0 losei no j he sprang pp tinough .the fop«pinatf_ ^pd glanced anput.tbe,room;> . t , ... . w I The movement. 'il thej stone had beejj, >so silent mat Vera had not been dijstiirbe^ by it, and it was only as "Vyat sprapg into tbe roi^iii thiit she Raised 4ter îieadjfrbm a book 1 strt". was reading: i. -i. . .1 Al tlAî same Uiarment-.^irt'fl qilpk '-car caught tbe Bound of feet in 'tbte'corridor %nteide. ; • • ' >-•. .0. -.. 1- J • V era h tar ted for a moment, <and' iljen iwas about toBcream for 1jelp.1i: «., y m.u. il: . I Not a word.l - Iicomeifrom lyan, tosave_youl" . .•.: 1 .-r.,, ., Vpj^ JtopJ^ed at him .Wildly.jbut, neither spoke nprmpved^ ,f ' „ , , i3_ j Tbe £tep3 were now close-tot the floori Tfaers vJàs.not a < momeni"lt)ic»e <^ u'e^iopea Thetètitè fab^ta^&iipikhPfar;^A^aï co-o|,erH^a:ittlfie5Ig6t.C / . r^'.iLi 3-„oifiC 1 HemuBt tak^ her away by force. . He jumped tp her side at the very moment that the fcej* wii turning in the lock. Taking her ]n his arms,' he put his hand over her mouth to stifle her attempt to cry cut, and carrie i her to the opening, and not anj' too gently Ithrostier into it. Then he spràng down himself, and closed ' the opening just in time to cut oil the cry of terror made b}) Vera when she found herself cast into what eeemed to her a dark dungeon. A faint noite in the room just left told Wat that be Jiad not been^ a second too soon. | No doubt there -was great confusion in the room, but onlf a little of it penetrated to where -they stood. " Come I ' Eiiid Wat. " Who are you ? What do yon want ?" demanded Voi a. "Iam the American detective, Denton. Have you fort otten rat so soon ?" "Oh," she cried, joyfully, "now I know your voice, but 1 did not recognise your fate, and you came upon me so sudcieuly that I v as frightencp. How do Von come here in such a mjstertous way ? fs Ivan well?"' Yea. Ivan, is well ; but we must get away from here to the opening of this passage. But, etopl How lon;_ r ig it since a were visited bj- anj- of the prison official? ?" " About au hour ago, when one of the men came to take the dinner dishcB awa3'." "Then tbe\ will know you c.mnot be far away. Hark I They aie sounding the W3I1S now." Wat listencjd for some time until he was satisfied that khe way into the passage h«d not been discovered, and then he led Vera to the farther end of the passage. He knew Well enough that it would not be safe to venture oh: uniil ni^ht, and noteveu then withoutitakingevery piecautionagains: capture. ! Sofia be sure to connect him with the escape apd would have every avenue guarded. Theesc3pe of Vera meant the loss of Ivan, and her woman's wits would be sharpened to avert the catastrophe. When they reached the entrance to the passage. Wat opened the rock a very l.ttle and then tbfiy could bear the booming of the pun wh'.ch proclaimed the escapc oi a prisoner. Descriptio, of them both would be scat- tered broadc rewards off 1st over the country and libérai red for their recapture, abroad wou'-d therefore be fraught witl. the utmost banger. Tiiey might have staved where tliey were but for one iliing. If it hadlnoi alrcaly sogg'-sled itself it soon would tjhat the very J cbaraclcr of Vera's I escape made] some secret exit fiom tbe room I Consequently toere y.oiiul undoubtedly be a search maiie for such au exit, and tbe wails of ihej rcom ivoubi probably be torn away. Discovery in that case would he-inevitable; and then, il they were in the passage, they wouid certainly be discovered. Still, theie was 1:0 choice but to wait for night to com:- : and preparing himself for 3 struggle if rçiie need were. Wat sat down and passed '..lie'I time recounting to Vera the events of tbe time she had been in prison. Nor did l e now conceal from her her own danger in ueiug captured. t-'be bad ieen kepL 111 ignorance of tbe fate in store fori her, and though she felt sick at the thought of what she had escaped, she was only imDueli with the more coinage to resist capture. J j Wat hacj not overestimated her brave ) spirit, and Çie was not at all surprised to hear her ask for) some weapon lo at once defend herself or, if need were, kill herself rather than again.'fall into the cruel hands of the government. He if I were only safe in •• V-iii s :all he. Uj not iî.iubt it. I am sure we shall evade them and get safely out of th:s aec J .'-s!: d country. I; j on ray word I do not wooder that there aie -nihilists in a land whelp life and deal:-, sorrow, suffering, and sharis'.j, are mere playthings hi tbe bands of one weak-minded man. " How aimii we ever pay you for what vnu have alrerJ.i.v done, uot to speak o! what you pi . 'pose tq do '" I I van'si father iviil settle my bill," answered W laughingly, ! 1 "Ah. b jt money does not pay for such ! service-.'' 1 •• Well, t us wait until Ivan's bri le asks mc to 11: e m y own reward. If -Jie rcthen, I sh.'ilJ have it ready members to •' JJo ypu think I shall forget how bav: in in risked your life so nobly to : my blush.es, csuntess." Yr ire laughing at me, and I am in earnts though be was in anjthing bu| a laughing mood. lie wnis d.esperatcly anxious, indeed, for the result of the adventure, but he did not wis :. Vera to lose hope, an 1 so he made a pretence of j lightness of heart he did not in reality fuel. CHAPTER XXVII. MHIMST OK SOLI1JEE. At dl ïerent times durine [he afternoon thej 1 sa through their air-hole an armed guard p ,ss on i.he up[ier side of the quarry, showing that all the tnvirous of the fortress were be ng guarded, This was an evidence that a ecret passage was susU'ecLed, otherwise there would have been nolsense in placing guards in such oiifcof-the way places. S:-verhl time- during the few hours before dark Wat had run back to the endiof ; the passage to learu if any attempt wag. yet being rnade,to discover a secret^way rout of -the room. if any attempt was being made it was where ri'at cuuld not beac it, for it was not until qarkness had fairly come that ,JjÇ heard t he unmistakable sound of a pick in the roo •Tbe<noment the sound reached biS ear die ran back and exclaimed : • : i " \V< must take o^r chances now and'go, for ther are at the floor of your room."- '• "ï'àm.rèaây. 'And bayé' no fea.rs for my courage. I em only 'a we?.k Utile' worn'an, ;but I can be brawe," \--t'lj "I dojQot.dqubjt.it:'.' -'oiii r.i'w t He f. rst stole ouf 'tp.reconn^ite^ j , ' ^ (, Clim bing the (f:)ce xpfothe qnarry on Ibp side _where he bad se.cn Iflje ^guai^i pass,fO often, iie waited ifot him ! to"come J around. The soldier came 'at) liia'-Tegiilat' nîetb'odical pace, tiiinHiig rioidonbt of iEverythin^ else biit.tiie man lurking along <jhe pdge,of the quarry. " ' A siid'deu.plan'entered Wat's beaA. ! j" .'' Wat djrew himself up into a heap, thai:tre*. .^mbled anything [but-ahuman btiing ifrben '.aoça tiirough tjiè. jàôôjn.i. J ..,.. , , . | T.htjinan was noVlhrefe' Varns off. ' ' f.>J<M|i'he^wt& lif thL'vcry'yiue of the mohoViess h^ap: il j:'-•.••..,', .•••••• r ! 1 ' If be saw it a.t «11 he paid. 130, attention (t,oïlfipad.tjasscdWYrt; ' / : Anfl'iio^.-lfe a' ttgfcr-cal; tlie fletectivfe' èeapeti •on'bim'and brought him stranglitig to <4i}e Siotfrd., ' ., / . . .1 To hind him,'tgB£him, ann then carwj^jm. Broutjd to .where he coald defend 'sviih'bim het^^j^TWftprs-ÎTMÎflii^k- ' « JJ i- # raarJ? s-ip v m - s ^ g ^ • "• ' .«HJ3188g* He robbed the m»n of his coat, bat, and} rifle, and, ret urning to Vera, started out with h e i"; , , ', ^ He led the way, whue she followed close behind him. His present plan was to get as farawaj from the fortress as possible. , j He knew that every avenue of escape ont 01 the city would be well guarded/but near the fortress all the exits would be particu- ' larly well cared for. They 1- proceeded in this way for spme distance, and Wat had begun to jthini that he would reach the thickly settled part oi the city without detection, -when he suddenly found himself confronted by ja sentinel, who demanded : "Who goes there?" Wat's only answer was a blow with tbe huttof his rifle, which laid the soldier at full length upon the ground. It was the only thing to do, but a dangerous thing, nevertheless, 1 Joe here the streets had an occasional passer, and one of them might take it into hia head to inquire into the cause of the fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, however, Wat hurried on, with Vera holding by his arm. Presently they could; hear à shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody had found the soldiet in the street. Taking Vera under his arm, Wat almost ran until he saw some people ahead of him, when he changed to a walk, though not yet giving up her arm. Now they coujd hear an alarm sounded by the local watch, and they knew that inafew momenta the street would ibe alive with soldiers. " 11 And worse yet., therifle of some guard was now fired five times in rapid succession, conveying too evidently some sort of intelligence to every soldier within bearing of the sound. The outlook was a desperate one, but it was not unexpected by of the fugitives. " If iL comes to the worst," said Vera, as they hurried along, "do you save yourself. There is no need for both of ua being caught." "It has not come to the worst yet. I never fee the end till I reach it. As for leaving you, that is out of the question. While 1 Jive I remain with you, for capture now means a horrible death." " I shall not be capture ". I have your daggf r. What is that ?" Three soidieis. Let them look to their Iivoe now. I have avoided killing, but if it be a choice of their lives or mine, I will try to make it theirs." " Who goes there?" cried one of the soldiers at sight of the couple. " Only a comrade on a spree. Let me pass or I'll be in a scrape." They were in the lighted streets now, and people were plenty in the windows and doors, but none in the street. At the first sound of the alarm they had all been ordcred&tdoors.; " Let us see thiïçMmrade," said one of the men. advancing close to Wat. " All of y-où look at me. One of you may know me." He advanced quickly toward them all, for he did not want them to separate or to have hini at other than close quarters. They peered auspiciously at him as he came up to them, but he gave them no time 10 act. As soon as he was near enough he suddenly raised his rifle, and with a forward thrust crushed the man's nose and stunned him. Then, before any of tho others could do anything-, be strung his gun about and let it fall with stunning tfiecton the head of the nenrcst. As quickiy as this was done, however, the third soldier kad tune to recover his wits. He raised bis gun and, taking quick aim. fired at Wat. ' The bull passed through Wat's clothing and carriid away a piece of flesh. lie .felt the'smart, and not knowing how badly be was •liurt, sprang at the man, who had retreatec a step, and felled him with a crushing blpw. Bj- this time other' soldiers had been attrscted by the noise, and their steps could be heard rapidly approachitig;' • Tii^ epd of their: flight seemed .close at hand, and.the brav^ littJel.couqtess,.jtr.Bc jto her'detérmmation, bad drawn her^dagger, to die Vather 'than be captured' fot'the cruel fate resarvéd for her, wb'èti» W»t. w^lh a last despeiatien^ttempi. dashed .into one of.the bouses, through 1 ,the. men ptpndipg there, drigging Vera after iim.: As soun cs he'was in the h jU he turned and caught .the countess in'-his arms, and fled up theshairs. -i- -.-.•»- , •• He beard ja. ste_p behit^dbim, and wbeu be,j reached' the tirstdanding, turned quickly to strike'the man down. " Hold !" whispered J jtbe : man. " -What's 3'ODr crimp ?" <>:•. •. .' ,. " Nothir^;. We are eacoplxig.fxom piiaoc^'' " What charge?" ] , " Xihilism'." " Are 3-0 u guilty?" " No, but we Avili be(if ever we. get our freedom. Curses on such a,government." " You areiaot a Boldier?" ' " No ; I stole tfaevfcoat and' hat when ï escaped." ' ' Will you 1 ish your life on the truth of what you say ?" "Twill." , " And the woman's ?" "I speak for myself,"-featd Vera, boldlv. "Ido not know who you are nor. what you can do for us, but I B wear to you that I will hencefotth do my uttnost against the in! famous government that, without a bît'o'f proof and without a ghost ïjf a trial',-'Woold cond'emn ine to the jknont to gratify the malice of a vile woman." ' . , "'Yon are Vera Badolinski ?" • f l am."'- ' ; ' ' " : '-J will detain yotf'ino longe^'-'îaîd thê' man, with a suddencoVJijfiss,. il ; . - .'" Stopl" aaid .Wlat'. '"'.Ypu ^re abput to, rnake aifatà! mistake.' Yoh can sa-^e us. Do si, and I will explain to you what will save . our society annihilation." ' * Wh'oareyou-T \- / w • ' lam.tb^ man^ jnforoiç,dr V^i?? of Poîicè'tbat the Czar was'to be killed," *' A traitor ? : ' • ';; ' 1 1 : '* N 1 ; m muchiôf » patriot as you. ' Therel Doyoubear? The^uardds -at ithe door. 1 Will y fin save.ua. and yflur couptry, pt:will yoii let us be taken Y r i '. " , • • "Comb! "If'yéu -bare'deceived me, your. lilé! will be Worth less than 'it is'ab thïB monjr-fit.'.'.. -, -g. .1 Ii .: ! ;'•• -000. , ' ... CHAP^'KH >XXViH. i .. :i _ ' ONOÈ MOEEiWI^HiïHE'^niimSTS. • 'The man mn^raheaâ : 'ofitbéta"bp tfië^i'èi 1 mainiiig fiighftief ^aira^ndîinto-a roam.. ; EPENGÀ^, ÇLCSEJ,LI8,^E Ç9FMN,AND,GBINGI into' it,, b e cko né dxb era tofolluwbim. of Theydidso, and he «hut thedoor. SChme wit Tbemantoqk bold of Wa^'e pleevej and Wat caughtWera b^ tbfc arfn: ' " J Tbey «jçorfeiiof .dbor, and tber. T heir conductor aiowopened another door, 1 Ogareifte^aneehtentvdafly.J ifïa • by H wereiea. •fîjAndiîfcla Util ijeaeh-honse ^ Igtdlie^H sfjonfe, ~ 'VSiJt^oèra * jrjîwin aai-»» 1 .^ j "Ton still may take your chances with the soldiers or with UB. Which shall it be 1 We are as merciless to traitoraas the Czar is to the nihilists^" We are not traitors. We will go with yon. If y^a save ns, we can no less save you. Lead thé way." The man opened the tack door and, first peering cantionsly arônnd ran ' across the yard, hugging the fence as he ran Wat and Vtim followed his example, and wers alongside of him in a second. A tumble-down ahanty etood in the rear oi the yard,and It was into this that the man led them. There he stopped again, and addressed them solemnly : " You have insisted on coming here, and I have no more to say on that score, but I warn you that you are taking your lives in your own hands." " We are aware of that and do not falter." Removing a board from the back end of the shanty, the man passed through to the other side, and when they had followed him replaced the board. They found themselves in a stable, or rather the rear end of a stable, where all the refuse was piled up. • • - : Picking his way through the dirt, the man took them to a ladder leading to the cellar. Dark as it was down there, he had no difficulty in making his way, and again he too*k Wat by the sleeve, while Wat led Vera. Wat conld indistinctly makcout that tbey were approaching the opposite wall, but that was ali. 11. When they reached there, the man felt about until be bad found what be wanted, and that he presse'3 with "bis'finmaking Wateurmise that it was ati electric bell. He was tbe mbte sure of it when he saw him, » moment later, press it with the vary-, ing regularity of,a,signal. . Presently a part of the wall seemed to melt away, and they were led into an apartment beyond. Here they were challenged by a muffled voice, and their guide answered : " Ogareff. : Two Btrangera'pnrsued by the soldiers and claiming- the'protection of our society. A man -and woman. Man a stranger, but claims to have given information against those who lately tried to serv^ their country. Woman Vera Radolinski." "Let them wait here." There was an absolute silence for a few minuteB, save for the slight Loise made by the three persons breathing. Sàddenîy'there was a stream of light shot across "the apartment, which fell so on the •wo fugitives that anybody properly situated could study their faces. It was evidently for such a purpose that the light had been set upon them, for in a few minutes 3 voice said : "Conduct them." " Come," said their leader. And they followed him through the darkness once more, and through another door. They heard a clicking behind them, and then of a sudden a flood of light illumined the room where they were. Tbey found themselves in a large room almost filled with men and women in masts. It was a weird and uncomfortable sight Ço feel themselves being stared at by so manv pairs ..of _ eyes without being ablB to see a single face. • Vé'ra clung to "\Yat as if she felt that now everything depended on him. Flor ehe fully'realised that there was to he a war of wits. . ' Several minutes passed in asilentscrutiny by the assemblage. At last one of them said : - "iThe woman ia Vera RadoUnski, accused of the murder of her brother and of being a nihilist. The latter charge, is untrue, for she is the enemy of the nihilists." Vera at this withdrew from Wat, and said with/a noble uir : ." The former charge is untrue, and until this night I acknowledge I bare been the enemy-of the nihilist. Now I am his friend." : "Why?" " Becsuse, being a victim of tbe government, T can see the better the justice of your cause." '' ' ' Who is the man?" : . Wat Stepped forward, dropped the rifle he ;ha.d_iheld in his hand, threw off the soldier's jcoatani hat which he had worn, and ap- ^peàted'.in the disguise lent him ' bv Gres.-er.. ». : ' " Who am 17 1 am the man who prevented the death of the Czar." " At leaBt, yon have courage to come here with such an assertion." " It ia my title to your consideration." "'Explain." i " No here. Let me retire with the mcm- 'bers of your council." j We have qo secrets. Any council we 'may have is cuily for convenience, not for Isecrécy." ' "Bach «statement as I have to make were better made to a few. Surely the few can afterwards reveai alt I have.said." I "True, but it.seems unnecessary." . , " It is not unnecessary, however. What iljhave to say is of vital importance." -"We should be the best judges of that." "For your own good r must refuse to Speak except to a selected few." ' .Impatient ât T^Vat's . obstinacy, ;tbe man iturned to his comrades and said: . " What is your will, my friends?" "Do as he asks," was the almost unanimous answer. . • The man at this confewëd with the others in alow voice, and, as a result,:ten of the jperaons there separated from the rest and led the way to_a door at the "farther end of the room. "Come," said Wat, turning lo Vera. I "leave her behind," said a voice from among the ten. 1 ** Shemiist go •with'ôiE.'" I "'By Heaven, she shiflnotV' cried several |nembers of the body.Vgprihging forward as If by a concerted movement. : i Wat at once sprang back to her. Bide, and in a firm voice exclaimed : ''We go .together." ,. Those who bad forward immc- ditely aïsbme'd^^hrçatenïngattitude, and to Vat it seetned'ai if a ! preiôèdita<etl'attempt r as going to- be made tO:,part bim from era. • • • •.. - , -, .' Knpjving as "he the share Sofia h ad' in he nihilistic tnb'tement,he was on bis guard gainât-trerchcry. He caMght up-tbe rifle he had dropped, •Hd stood on the -de tensive.( 'lo be continued.) 