Among The Boxers. DEMPSEY AND FITZ \- ? ? SIMMONS. Griffo and Powell Fight Post poned. THE WILLIAHS.BYAN MATCH. Billy Murphy and rentes. JIH BURGE AND BILLY U'CARTT. Young Denny to GrllTo — Broken III11 Boxing; Notes— Melbourne Ring Notes ; — Choynskl and Mick Dooley. (Bt ' Sutler.') Tlio Melbourne Club -n-ants to matoli tho winner of next Saturday's light at Cooffee with'Goddard for a big purse. It old Jim 'BarRO should got bomo with Billy M'Carthy's back liair.lho Barrier uports , men will put up a cartload o£ money for him to fight Dawson ugain. Mr. Jack Dunlop, of the Cliff House Hotel. Bondi, has a grand ball at his place, and he intends to turn it into an athlotic hall shortly and give an athletic display. Paddy Gallagher is going on steadily under Poloy's charge. He still has .£10 up at this office for a match for £2o aside with any of tho socond-rato men under 12st. i - - '. ? * ? Martin Denny, tho well-known Sydney boxer, who in in Molbonrno, writes to stato that ho will fight tho winner of tho Griffo Fowell contest at catch weights. ? . ? . ? Jim. Burgo- statos that it is quite on the cards that ho may go to America shortly. Ho'll wait to hear how Mabor gets on, and bo guided by that to a certain extent. ? Owen Sullivan and Herbert Goddard fight at tho Melbourne Club next Saturday for a purse hung' 'up by that institution. Sullivan has boon trained by Billy M'Carty, and ought to ?win with a bit to spare. ? * « ? Dandy Jaok Puller will act an chief advisor to Ned Byan in his fight on tho grass with 'Slugger ' Williams next Saturday afternoon atCoogee. Tom Tavlor and Paddy Kicly will bo in tho Bathurst man's corner. , Tho Barrier pooplo aro gottine on some good fights lately, Billy Murphy and Burgc, old Jim and young Jim Murphy, Billy Bl'Carty and Jim Burge, and Billy Murphy and Peakes don't road badly. ? « » Tho match between Joo Choynski and Mick Dooley in tho Melbonrno Athlotic Club will oreato a furoro in boring circles in Vic toria. It should make a brilliant fight, and ono of tho most scientific over ecoii south of the line. ? » ? Tho mill noxt Saturday afternoon at Coogco between Williams and Kyan has boon arranged by Mr. Larmour on purpose to give tho work ing men a chanco to see a good fight at a reasonable cost without their having to lose any timo from their work. Tho mill ought to bo a perfect terror. Snllivan could hardly beliovo tho news of Dempsoy's defeat. When convinced of tho truth, ho said: ' So a hloko from tho South Soa Islands has licked Jack Dcmpsey ! That knocks mo out. I had only a fow hundreds on him. I always considered Dompsey tho best Middle-weight on earth, but it is all up with him now; he will never recover from this licking.' ? ? ? It is whispcrod among tho knowing crowd that Mr. Sid. Cohen and Mr. I,. Foley are now negotiating with John 1. Sullivan for tho groat American pug. to tako the Austra lian Club for a season and givo shows tlioro. It is said that Parson Davios will accompany John L., p.nd will act 113 his manager, and that ho will bring Ike O'Noil Weir and Jack M'Aulitfo out with him. ? ? ? Any persons wishing to get photos of Griflo and Powoll, tho two great feather weight boxers, can do so at a reasonable coat by Bonding to this office for them. We are prepared to forward splendid pictures, on specially prepared paper, (it for framing — in fact prepared for that purpose, for tho modest mun of sixpence per copy. Coin or stamps must bo sent with the order. ? ? # Mr. William Larmour, of Coogco, thinks ro much of tho services of Mr. George Walker, tho well-known nil-round athlete, that ho intends to give tho big fellow a bumper bone fit at his place shortly. Goorgo Walker as a swimmor, footballer, boxer, and general athlcto had fow superiors in his day. and well deserves this act of kindness from tho Coogeo Manager. ? ? ? Mr. Goorgo Hawkin is about to opon an Whlotio hall at tho rear of tho Golden Gato Hotel, Goorgc-streot, between Bathurstnnd Liverpool streets. Futuro advertisements will givo an idea of tho character of Iho placo and tho nature of tho shows to bo presented to tho public. Mr. Hawkin states that ho intends to spare no pains to make tho now Touturo a big success. ? * ? Hod Ryan's (supporters nro getting verv confident that ho can do up both Williams and Goddard. Ned says ho once fought tho latter with bare kuucklos when ho (Kyan) was only 12st weight, and had nono tho worst of it ; and ho alleges that ho thinks his chances, now that ho is 12st 101b, aro pretty rosy. I told Goddard this, and ho smiled in his prim fnshiou, and replied, 'Woll, ho can havo another cut at mo whenever ho feels inclined:' ? ? ? I havo been given to understand tl at Mr. Gcorgo Seale, tho well-known and highly roapoctod amateur champion hoicr, will act as roforoo at tho fight which takes placo next Saturday afternoon at Coogeo. Both Wil liams and Ned Kyan agree to this gentleman, and Mr. Larmour font me word to say that Mr. Soalo would afft in tho capacity specified. This will suit tho public as Mr. Sealo is lookod upon as an artist at such work. ? ? ? Mr. Larmonr, of Coogeo, is now prepared to back tho beautiful tnr£ ring ho has prepared put at his placo for tho two slncgcrs to fight in next Saturday afternoon niraiust anything of.tho kind. Tho prico of admission is only Ds, and 10s for reserved scats : 10,000 can bo comfortably seated, so that tho public need fear no inconvenience Thero will bo auiplo room for all, and it will bo worth going to soo. A pleasant ride, a beautiful sea viow, a con cert, and a great boxing match for 5s is Buroly enough for tho money. Tho fight for tho Amateur Light-weight Championship of all Australia, which takes place at Coogoo tho first week in March, is creating a big heap of interest in amateur circles, and it will doubtless bo well patro nised. Mr. Burden is in the al-lo hands of Jiui Davis, whilo Mr. Brinsmoad is doiii' a lot of hard and active work- at North Shore. Ho is willing to bet any part of .£1000 that ho wins tho contest, ? ? ? Any persons wishing to got the portraits of Griffo and Powell can do so by soudiug six pence each in stamps to thin office. The portraits will ho sent out upon spcoially prepared papor, fit for framing. A complete set of all the prominent Australian, English, and American boxers will be sout out as BupplciiiontH to tho Bmi) o' Freedom, and all who wish for comploto sola had better write a week ahead each issue, so that they may bo certain of getting their desires gratified. ? ? ? I received a letter from Joo Choynski this iveek, in which ho states that ho has been treated liko a nrinco of tho blood royal in Melbonrno by Iho Victorian sporting men. l'ho young California]! scorns to ho getting as popular over tho border as ho was hero, and that is saying a good doal, for thcro uovor ban boon a visitor to these parts as well liked as Choynski, and it is all owing to his modost uid manly behaviour to all classes oflpeoplo. Me3srs. Foloy and Cohen aru laying low just at tho present period, but contemplate a big move bofore long in tho boxing .world. They are silently getting their magnificent placo in perfect order, ana when the right moment arrivos they intend to eclipse all the boxing booms in this country. ? ? ? ? Griffo and Chiddy Ryan will spar four rounds at the Coogeo Aquarium next Saturday after noon, prior to the big fight. Griffo appeara by tho consont of tho Sydney Amateur Gym nastic Club Committee. Mick Dunn aud Jim Barren also box four rounds. ? * ? . Mr. Jim M'Ginley, tho well-known retired lOst boxer, did not get away by tho Mariposa on Monday. He was on board, but somehow Iris luggage, sent along by a cabman, got astray, and tho amateur got loft at tho laat moment. It would not have beeu hard for any lOst man to have got on a match with Jim at that time. t * * If Griffo and Billy Mnrphy were to fight out at Coogoe on a nice dry sunny afternoon, thero would bo closo upon .£800 in tho gato. Thoro is no match possiblo at tho present timo in all Australia that would create a greater amount of public interest. It would bo hard indeed to couvinco Sydnoy natives that anything up to 9at could livo with Griffo in a 2-lft ring. ? ? ? A letter from Yonng Denny to a friend in ?*j uhv. j «ao niiiFirji i,u jjiu 1. cumin v, 111 tviii^u tho ' Polican Pot ' stated that win or lone his fight with tho Englishman, Baxter, he'd like to fight Griifo fora purse of any descrip tion, if the champion would consont to fight at catch-weights. I saw Griffo later, and he stated that he'd fight Denny, though ho'd havo to givo away a lot of weight. ? ? ? Sam Mathews will carry out his tournament next Saturday liight, when sonic more good willing fighting may bo confidently relied upon. The lads aro all of tho very willing ordor, and some of 'em know how to fight. Tho aboriginal Midnight is in tho swim, and has yot to he drawn. He'll malro some of 'em squirm before they get him out with his crazy swings and whirlwind upporcuts. * * ? Mr. Ban Hayes, a well-known Now York sport, who keeps the Metropolitan Hotel, Broadway, Now York oitv, was a passenger by tho Mariposa. Ben Hayes, as ho loves to be styled, camo out on a health trip, and could not make an extonsivo stay, but lie was delighted with all ho saw in Australia, and expressed tho opinion that tho Australians wcro as cute as razors without a back edgu. Ben Hayes is what his countrymen call a two eyed man, and don't sleep much when ho * * ? George Powoll is admitted to bo the most genteel little fellow on tho game that ever visited Queensland, and all the sports out there wish him heaps of luck. As a rule tho Queenslanders aro a pretty warm crowd to put down. Thoy've sent us some hot blood in all classes of sport. They prepared Mega phono and Greygown, and fired 'em at 11s. Then thoy chipped in on tho running tracks with.Kiugsi.iill, Harris and 3ra-u-i-ijj.il, ami in boiing they camo at us red hot with Dawson and Powell. They back their cracks too, aud seldom make mistakes, so that when they open a stablo it's just as woll to keep both eyes under a green shade to soo that they steal no marches. 1 have a big rcspcut for the Quconslandors ; thoy 're cuto, deep, and In-ecd irood material, and know it whan thoy have ? * ? Mick Dooloy and .Too Choynski have accepted the offer of tho Melbourne Athletic Club to light in their hall for a purso of £?M. Both men are near the same height, and will fight at about 12st weight. This will bo the first time for many a long day that Dooley has been pitted acainiit a man anyway near his own fiize and weight, and as Ciiovnsbi is a most brilliant and' dashing fighter' tho Vic torian club ought to poo about tho very best scientific mill for their JOW that' could possibly ho picked up. Whichever man secures the victory will challenge Joo Goddard for one more trial, and big Joseph smile3 and says that, liko tho immortal Barkis, he's willin'. ? ? ? The Williams-Ryan contest, which will bo fought out on tho grass at Coogeo noxt Satur day afternoon, should prove ono of tho most exciting heavy- weight glove contests ever scan in all Australia. 'Both men aro pretty fit, aud Goddard himFolf reckons them the best pair of heavyweights in the country, and says ho'd tako on tho winner, aud then if successful he will go and fight either Kilrain, Jackson, Godfrey, or C'orbett. Both Jivaa and Williams stato that in tho event of a win they are willing to put np tho money they make out of this fight in a side-wagcr to moot Gnddard, and as Mr. Larmour is eager to aign articles for a match with noxt Saturday's winner and Goddard the present contest should prove most exciting. Whon tho Americans sot eyes on Jim Hall last Saturday week thoy must hare felt that Aus tralia is a wonderful country to breed and rear men in. Fancy Jim, as a middle-weight, meeting Ted Pritchard, of England, fo:- in stance. The Do:n-iEcv-Fil2nii:iiuui» history would surely repeat itself, aud when our American cousins had got tired of looking at the longthy form of lung James, resplendent in that frock coat, Pai-is hat, nnd patent boots, which raised such envious sighs in tho breasts of George-street dude?, they hail another surprise in store for 'cm when thoy gazed upon '' Shadow ' Jlabor's 5ft Slin of lathy humanity. Just fancy .1ft SMu of punching machinery scaling lattlb. It's enough to mako the American feel sad. it * * The portrait of George Powell, the crack feather-weight of Queensland, which appearcil in tho last issuo of the Bird, was taken by Atkinson, of 23 Oxford-street, Hyde Park, Sydney. It will bo seen at once that Powoll is a much heavier built man than Griffo, whom ho has to box on tho 21th of this month. Looking at the limbs of this athlote, it is quite easy to imugiuo why tho boxers who know him doubt his ability to got under niuo stone and light strong. .Excepting- his height, ho is built moie like a ten stone lad than a feather-weight, aud Poddy Moran, whom Griffo last whippod, was also built that way, and halt height and reiuslj us well, but getting down below his proper weight mado him so weak that he hadn't a ghost of a show with tho champion, ami most jeoplo fancy that history is going to repeat itself in this instance * # ? Old Jim Bnrgo called to see mo on Thurs day, and ho spoko in the highest possiblo terms of the Broken Hill folks. ' You toll the peoplo for me,' romarked 'old Jim.' ' that l\\-o boon fighting a long timo now, and I've been in mauv good pi ices, but I novel struck a placo like Iho Barrier. If a man 'II only light honestly, ho can get more friends thero than any place on earth, and it don't signify how hot tho battle is, it can ulways go on to a finish, and It. B. Pell is tho host referee that ever bossed a fight. I can got a big purse there to fight Dawson to a finish, and a sido wager of .£500. I'd rather fight on Broken Hill than anywhere. The minors aro all you said they were 'Smilcr,' good sports, manly ami honest, and the very lost fellows alive. They treated both the Murphys splendidly after I beat them, for it's not their religion to go back on a man when bo's beat. If ho lights a game, good battlo they think just as much of him as before ? * ? Groat interest was displayed by tho sport ing fraternity of tho district (says an Albnry paper) in tho proceedings at tho Wodonga 'oltco Court on Fobrunrv 12, about 10ft per sons assembling to hear tho dictum of a bench of magistrases concerning tho recent fight which took placo at tho local racecourso between 'Rube' Peurcoaud 'Joe' Hatch. Tho men, unfortunately for themselves, pleaded guilty, 113 judging by tho evidence uddueed if any defence whatever had boon put forward tho caso would most probably havo fallen through. Upon tho defendants admitting tho charge, the Bench had no option but to iufliet a severe penalty, though con sidering tho uaturo of the offence a lino of £0 or a mouth's incarceration cannot bo looked upon as at all excessive. I'carco paid his 'lino' over to tho authorities at once, but Hatch, not having tho 'necessary' about him, was compelled to temporarily suffer con finement, and was jnst about to bo removed to Boeehwortli, when somo of tho 'sports' who witnessed the light subscribed the £5 aim pam 111s line, spoaicing ot tnat ngnt, it seems, from some remarks which ono of tho principals lot fall outside tho Wodonga Court Honso on the day of tho trial, that tho motivo of Iho fight was rather a nniquo 0110, being tho non-payment of a debt. One of tho fight era owed tho othor a sum of monoy, and rofusod point blank to pay it, remarking at tho timo that if he liked (.tho other 'pug') might take it out of him with his fists. Ho did it, or tried to do it ; but tho gaino wasn't worth tho candle. 