n t ercur. Published everyThurdayy.: -Lebr Omusia Pinci. * THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 1Ora. On Tuesday evening, Rev. S. Haitor Feguson, Pastobr :of Chalmers' Church, delivered a lecture or recital of Charles Dickens' sketch of "Marley's Ghost" before the Literary. Society of that Church. The hall was well filled by an audience which caught up the thread of the story at the beginning, and the lecturer managed in his usual excellent style, with his thrilling, descriptive, dramatic, and most effective, manner, to carry every one with him for upwards of an hour and a half. The recital must be pronounced highly satisfactory. At one of Mr. Harper's meetings, when m?aking use of a jawbreaking word, he: remarked, parenthetically, "that's an epigram." An elector, who considered ;himself equal 'to the occasion, but whose' knowledge of the meaning of words was evidently somewhat defective, sung out " then put it on a tombstone." This so tickled Mr. Harper's fancy, that he had to sit down for two or three minutes and have his laugh out. On rising again, he said "my friend evidently. confounded epitaph with epigram-we'll have to -get. him: a dictioziary." We desire- to call the attention of qoa, readers to an announcement !which appears in another column of an Entertainmtn to -be given under the patronage of the Mayor and Councillors, in St. Phillip's Hall, Hoddle-. street, Abbotsford, in aid of the funds of St. Phillip's Branch Girls Friendly Society. The promoters have departed somewhat from the usual times, and intend presenting aseries of Tableaux Vivants, interspersed with music recitations, and dramatic scenes, for which several well-known professionals and amatuer performers have kindly volun teered their services, the whole being under the able direction of Mrs. A. M. Hatton, the Popular Elocutionist of East Melbourne. A fatal accident took place in High street, South Preston, late on Saturday night in last week. It appears that a wood carter named Winm. Batchelor, residing in High-street, was driving towards his residence in company with a neighbour named Bryant, when the horse made a sudden start forward, the effect of which was to throw Batchelor on to the road. The horse did not bolt far before it collided with a lamp-post, smashing the cart to splinters. Batchelor was picked up insensible and taken into- the Junction .Hotel. by Mr. Ralph and others, but he died. in less than half-an-hour, the wheel of the cart having gone over his body. On Monday a magisteral inquiry was held by Mr. J. G. Clinch, J.P., and a verdict of accidental death recorded. At the meeting of the Fitzroy Council on Monday evening, the Mayor alluded to the discussion which took place in the Colling wood Council on the previous Monday evening respecting his presence with the Standing Committee on Railways on their recent tour of inspection of the proposal Fitzroy and Collingwood routes. He wished to be understood that he was not present in his capacity as Mayor, but with respect to the scheme which he had been asked to prepare in connection with the Fitzroy route. After this route had been inspected he did not proceed any further. In order to emphasise the fact that he did not attend in his official capacity he pointed out that the members of the committee even refused to partake of his hospitality at the Town Hall, so as to avert any misunder? -stinding on this score. The many friends of Miss Gordon, of the Rose, Shamrock and Thiste Hotel, Preston, will be pleased to learn that she is steadily', recovering from the effects of being thrown out of her buggy a short time ago wheq passing St. Patrick's Cathedral. T?'e accident .was brought about very simp?y viz., through' a bicycle coming suddenly and quickly round the corner, startliig the horse, which caused it to shy, Miss Gordon being thrown head first on to the footpath. She was at once picked up and taken to the Waverly Hotel, Collins place, where she was at once attended to by Dr. O'Sullivan, who said she was suffering from concussion of the brain. This is not by any means the first. accident caused by these machines, and'i I would be well for the City Council to consider the advisability of exempting the, leading streets fron this kind of traffic. - -A number of complaints have been made by ratepayers in Fitzroy to the effect that their names have been omitted from the voters' rolls. This fact was alluded to at the Council meeting on Monday evening, by Cr. Millis. He pointed out that it was not only the names of new ratepayers which had been omitted, but some of them were people who had paid rates for a number of years. Cr. Britten stated that the last rolls must have been made up from the valuations taken twelve months previously, and in support of this-idea he quoted an instance Where a person had changed houses,, and when the rolls came out that person's namni was on the rolls in respect of each of the houses, whilst the name of the person who had taken the bonse which had been vacated had been omitted. It was decided that the matter should be thoroughly investigated. The Collingwood contigent of the Sal .vation Army does not intend to be outrvied by the other detachments in their efforts to give a hearty welcome to General Booth during his forthcoming visit to Melbourne. Suspended insidle the Wellington-street barracks is a magnificent silk banner which .has just been completed by Mr. Price (one of the members of the army.) The banner, which is 14ft. by 14ft. is of pale blue silk, with primrose colored border, and red cretonne tassels. Each side of the banner is land-painted, and is a perfect work of art. In front is a first-class representation of General Booth, in uniform, surrounded by a laured wreath. A little above the head, on each side, is a shield, in one of which is printed, in illuminated -letters "-Author of Darkest England," and in thie other'-" Founder of the.Salvation Ar-my,' Across the foot of the banner is a siro!l, ciontaining, in illuminated letters-'"' A loving, loyal welcome to our Gaenisl,r" On the reverse side of the banner is a picture, entitled "Lifting the submerged;" The idea of this picture has bwen taken from General Booth's book-" Darkest Englhind."' It represamts a vessel being wrecked upon a rock close to the lighthouse. "'Hope for alL" There is a lrge numberof passengers struggling in the water, and on the rocks are Salvation Army Soldiers throwing -out life lines and doing everything mn their power to render assistance. The ipicture is surrounded by a Gothic border. Over the picture are two shields, and bl-etween them are depicted the skackles of sin. The work; does great c-edit t, the artist, and will, no doubt, be greatly. prized by the members of the Army, seeine that it has been executed by one of their own number. Tm delouinvdthe fourth o hi fter allt Iligws at bild . Andrew' sop and Gold w t onthe objnd ctbeingtly epuchaio of ls lais lecWr on thi C?S o P. ton. first ade invovng the indatry a tan estiumated n esilateral -ir-umtanume and lating oon ihenlwe rtaed almot the whole time fort :nr,000. b owling Tatd Sonsb, are ater all handsg-to build the ir culatew ion oap and candle wgsis oathe ground recently 'prchased by money iathkover road, South Pc onu. The devoitude otthe wishtry earticularly timated harden we state that tenders are called for 000,000 bricks. The establishment of these wortkiifei.n the employment of 200 to 300 hands and the circulation of a lot of extra money in the district. "A consummation deyoutly to. be wished" particularly these hard times. It is the intention of the members of the Heidelberg Council to give ex-Cr. Smith a jileasant surprise upon his return from the old country. At the meeting of the Council yesterday. the President referred in eulog istic terms to ex-Cr. Smith's many good I"r?ilities, and proposed that an oil painting of that gentleman should be executed, and placed alongside those already hanging in the council chambers, the expense to be defrayed by the members of the council. The whole of the Councillors readily fell in with the idea. A deputation of residents at Fairfield Park waited on the Railway Commissioners yesterday to ask that as many of the outer . ?ole tmins as possible should run into Col liagwoo, in addition to the present Heidel berg service, ard that the gates should ld'obpened on the north side of Fairfield Park at Fulham-road. The Commissioners thought the accom?ldation available at'CoTlingwood would not carry the increase 'of traffic proposed, but they would inquire into the matter with the view of granting a better service if practicable. Competition is so keen that even contrac tors often come within a shaving of each others' price, which state of things occasionally leads to dire results. A few days ago, two of these gentry m't. the successful tenderer for a right-of-way not a thousand miles from Preston as the crow flies, and the next best mn-n, so.for as prices went. Said No. 2. to No. 1-" I hear from Mr. Blank you want to fight me, if so, pull your coatoffand come on."-No. 1. Ieinz somewhat staggered, replied, '" I never s-id anything of the sort. I suppose you've imagined this, being a bit jealous at my getting the contract, but never mind; let me finish the job, and -then if you are anxious to provide a job for the undertaker, and put your family into mourning. I'm your man." When the job is finished we shall be in a position to report progress. The half-yearly meetingof the Collingwuod Working Men'sClub, was held on Wednesday evening in last week, in the Club room, Johniston-street, Mr. William Rain in the chair. There was an excellentattendance, the room being crowded. A large amount of routine business was transacted, after which the election of officers took place with the following result:-President, Dr. C Strong; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. William Rain and J. Ward; Secretary, Mr. Ketels: Treasurer, Mr. B. S. Gibson; Trustees, Dr. Strong, Mr. Hancock M.P., and Mr. William Rain. Committee, Messrs. Houston, Searle, Tilley, Dobson, Moore, Ferguson. E. H. Jones, Gibson sen., J. Jones, Farrah. Sutcliffe, Aumont; Auditors, Messrs. Mathieson and Farrow. The.Balance sheet and Auditor's report were presented up to date, which shew that the Club has a good balance in hand, and there was every prospect of a bright future. A glance at the report of the local branch of the Melbourne Savings Bank, for the year ending last June, will show that the prosperity of Fitzroy and Collingwood has not been materially affected by the existing depression. In charge of this institution there is at present a sum of £215,923, almost exclusively the property of the working population of this district, which sum is greater by over £15,000 than it was the previous June. The increase in the number of open accounts for the year has been 680, which makes the total number for accounts open 14,237. The number of transactions during the year was 666,908 which gives some idea of the magnitude of the business transacted, to know that the average number of transactions per working day for the year was considerably over 200. The perusal of this report forces upon us the reflection either that times are not so bad as people say, or that the working people have realized that it is wise to be prepared for them when they do come. The large collection of valuable jewellery of the late Dr. Beaney was sold by auction on Tuesday, by Messrs. Baylee and Co., at Cromwell House, the late residence of the deceased gentleman. There was a large attendance, and the bidding was fairly brisk. The total sales amounted to £975 10s. The following were the prices realised and offered :-Gentleman's single stone diamond ring, weighing 21 carats, Mrs. Schuhkraft, £191; cluster diamond scarf pin, set with large stone and four brilliants, weight 14 carate --this was passed in at £100; single stone diamond ring, weight 10t carats, Mr. Marks Herman, £110; single stone ring, weight 61 oarats, Mr. Lyon, £95 : diamond breast pin, Mr. Pollock, £26; cluster dia mood locket, weight 25 carats, passed in at £95; diamond snake ring, Mr. Nathan, £60 ; cluster diamomd and emerald dress stud, Mr. Kosminsky, £52 : IS carat gold double albert weight 4oz 6 dwt., Mr. Sutherland, £18; diamond snake ring weight 6 carats, Mr. Anderson, £52; diamond and emerald cluster collar studs, Mr. Anderson, £32; pair diamond solitaires, Mr. Marks Herman, £32; gold double albert, weight 7 oz 6 dwt., Mr. F. Hilton, £32 10s.; diamond snake ring, Mr. M. Herman, £80. Mr. J. B. Patterson gave evidence on Tuesday before the Standing Commitee on Railways with regard to the mode of railway construction in America, and strongly advocated the American methods as being superior to those adopted in this colon3. He stated that tunnels had been entirely discarded in America, the people preferring to adopt sharp cdrves and moderately steep gradients in their place. Street railways were very common in the large cities, and were also sought after, on the ground that they.improved the value of the property -past which they ran. Applying the system he had seen to the construction of the Fitzroy line, Mr. Patterson advocated that it should start from the Fitzroy cockspur, run along Napier-street to Victoria- parade, thence \- down Landedowne-street, and then, takioga curve, run into Spring Gardens. His reason for suggestming Spring Gardens as a terminus was because the locality was more elevated than Princes-bridge station, and the traffic at that station was already sufficiently con gested. In the matter of country railways Mr. Patterson said they in America made a good foundation, used strong sleepers and heavy rails, and did without ballasting or platforms at stations. He thought the plan could se adopted here with perfect safety. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Heidelberg Branch of the A.N.A., was held on Wednesday evening, 9th inst. Some correspondence was read in connection with the concert which is to be held on 13th October. After the usual business of the branch was transacted, Mr. Horatio Robson gave an interesting lecture on the "New Hebrides Question." He was pleased to see that tihe members of the A.N.A. took an interest in this question, as. it was one that was of great consequence to the colonies. The New Hebrides really belong to us, and hasa' en one of the British possessions since Captain Cook first hoisted the English flag there. We were a great maritime people and would become stronger when Federation took place. (Hear, hear.) The products of the Hebrides Islands, are, cotton, sugar, coffee, mnaize, arrowroot, cocoanuts, yams, toirb, bananas, oranges, citron, bread fruit. He was chairman of a Working Men's Club when in England, where great interest was taken in the Federation of the Empire, more especially thie Federation of the Australian colonies. The population of the island was from sixty to seventy thousand, and some time ago the number was something like two hundred thousand, but through the use of the strong drink the number has lamnentably decreased to its present number. The political and commercial importance of the island ws'also dwelt with by Mr. Bobeon. As will ha seen byreferunoeto our advei. tiaing oolamns, Mers. Fink Besat and Phillip, solicitors, etc., have removed to new oices at "The Rialto," No.479 Collins strwt, between William and King-streets. We are in receipt of a volume just published by Mr. J. E. Laing, itA., entitled " The Great Problem, and how it is solved." This workwill prove to be very interesting and instructive to theological students. The annual meeting of Junior Cricket Secretaries will be held in the Temperance Hall, Melbourne, next Wednesday evening. Messrs. Boyle and Scott, with -their usual generosity, will give a bat and ball to the best designed appertaining to cricket, worn in the hat. Mr. C. F. A. Bendelack, pharmaceutical chemist, Johnston-street, Abbotsford, has purchased the business of Mr. O'Flaherty, known as the Heidelberg Dispensary, situa ted at the corner of Buckland and Burgundy streets, Heidelberg. An advertisement appearsin another column. In another column Mr. E. P. Plummer, M.P.S.A., Medical Hall, High-street, Preston, advertises his anti-sciatica rheumatic mixture. It is stated that this mixture has, for many years been used in the principal English and Continental hospitals, with great success. It has been remoured that the proposed new Racing Club. who were in treaty with the owners of Penders Grove Estate, on the boundary of Northcote and Preston, has gone "bung." On enquiry we find such is not the case, and that every thing is pro gressing favorably. The rabbit preserving industry recently established near Romsey, under the energetic management of Mr. J. W. Story, is so far a decided success, the only drawback being the somewhat limited supply of the raw material. Having sampled a tin of their boiled rabbit we can safely say it was equal to anything of the kind produced in the Colony. The body of a little boy was fonnd in a water tank at the foot of Clarke-street, Abbotsford, yesterday morning. The body was found by a man named Edward Cooney, who immediately reported to the p,lice. The body was identfied as that of Charles Lyster aged 4. The tank is in the street, close to the river and has no protection. An inquest was held this morn ing, before Mr. Candler at the Early Bird Hotel. There was no evidence :to show how the child got into the water, and an open verdict was returned. At the meeting of the Heidelberg Shire Council yesterday, Mr. M'Dowall, the Shire Valuer, submitted the result of his valuation, which shew the net annual value of the Shire to be as follows :-Fairfield Riding, £19.571 15s Os; Ivanhoe Riding, £22,3953 S 0.1; Heidelberg Riding, £22,9S0 ; Greensborough Riding, £12,958. Total value, £77.905 10s. There had been forty houses erected during the past twelve urmths, representing a capital value of £15,710. A large number of the properties are valnel considerably below last year's valuations. The councillors were unani mously of opinion that Mr. McDowall had carried out the work in a highly satisfactory manner. The app3intment of a board to inquire into the best means of preventing the rivers Yarra and Saltwater from overflowing their bs nks was sanctioned at a meeting of the Executive Council yesterday, the following gentlemen being selected :-Mr. C. Hodkinson, chairman; Mr. W. Davidson, inspector-general of public works; Mr. Stuart Murray, chief engineer, of the Vic torian Water supply department; Mr. W. Thwaites, engineer-in-chief of the Metro politan Board of Works; Mr. A. M. Alexander, acting chief engineer to the Melbourne Harbor Trust; Mr. A. C. Mountain, city surveyor. Melbourne; Mr. P. J. Nolan, city surveyor, South Melbourne; Mr. W. Smith, city engineer and surveyor, Prahran ; Mr. H. E. Tolhurst, city surveyor, Collingwood; Mr. A. Clayton city surveyor, Richmrond; Mr. H. T. Haynes, city sur veyor, Hawthorn; Mr. W. Calder, city surveyor, Footscray; and Mr. A. V. Heath, borough surveyor, Port Melbourne. The scope of the inquiry set forth in the com mission issned to the board is:-"To investigate and report as to--l. The cause and extent of river floods in and about Melbourne, and the extent to which they have been contributed to, or intensified by artificial or preventable causes. 2. The measures that might be adopted for con trolling such floods, and so preventing future damage therefrom." The first of the series of lectures on Australia was delivered in the lecture room of the Collingwood Town Hall last evening, by Mr. Alexander Sutherland, LL B, under the auspices of the Collingwood Progressive Political League. Mr. Searl occupied the chair. In spite of the threatening nature of the weather there was a very good attendance. The lecturer led his hearers into the subject of his discourse by referring to the landing in Australia of the Spanish discoverers from Peru, after which he referred to what he termed the purposeless and accidental discoveries by the Dutch, and then referred in a very graphic style, to Captain Wm. Danmpier as being the first Englishman to set foot on Australian soil, thie first part of our island continent which he touched being the north west coast of Western Australia. The lecturer next referred to the expedition sent out by the Royal Geological Society, in which Captain Cook took such an active part From this Mr. Sutherland worked his way round to Sydney, and touched upon Botany Bay, so named owing to its botanical surroundings. Allusion was then made to the Bass and Flinders straits, the former of which was named after a surgeon in the Royal Navy and the latter after a midshipman. These two Englishmen journeyed south from Sydney in a small craft, 8ft. 6in. long, and after many adven tures were the first to touch Victorian soil. The lecturer pointed out on a map the routes taken by the various adventurers. Mr. Sutherland will, next Wednesday evening, deal with the interior exploration. 