r ^ t M ^ s C ty r o ty fi Another largo and fashionable audience assembled a t the Town-Hall last oreniog, including 6ir*Robert and Xady Hamilton nd family, to l^e&r; th e i Jtev. Chaflta lark deliver Charles Dickens’ exquisite story, "T h e Christmas Carol." As evidence of tbe popularity of this lecture-enteri&inment;, it may be mentioned-tbatlong-before IL^'clocLf tar ding roup was ffhobtainab^.e, ta d jflveral pw a of chairs were placed m psr tbR platform. M r Clark said that W^tbought it right to state the version of this delightful story which he was to recite was that prepared by Dickers for his on n public readings, and the only variations from the text made by him wern those which the u master’s " taste and judgment had sanctioned. The story, which bsB been read by many, though never before ecited without book or note, had many charms for tbe audience last night. Stave in which the ghost of “ Christmas Part*' appears, shows Scrooge and his wretched clerk, and tbe curly greeting accorded the cheery young nephew. Tbe vision of Mr Fezztwig’g Chriftcnee party was then unfolded, tbe homely heartiness of the good' ld fellow being admirably delineated. Here Scrooge caw himself a boy again, and began to give evidence of the change tb&t; was to come over him. Tbe second stave of the carol brought forward the ghost of ** Chris-mas present," who dupiajed to the wondering Scrooge the joys if Bob Cratchett's humble yet happy -Christmas table. Tbe picture of the London streets a t Christsastide, an exquisite piece of word-painting, was ponrtrayed in a masterly manner by Mr Clark. With the power of Asmodens, Scrooge is n rrt brought to witness the merrymaking at his nephew’s, and hears some not very pleasing chat concerning himself between his nephew and bis "plump sister." Mnch amusement ensued on the recital of this scene. The ghost of " Christmas Yet to Come ” vaa evolved from the fourth slave. First, Mr Srrooge is taken to the city, where he hears his demise spoken of with light tongue. He is next transported to a place, a " fence house," wbeie tbe curtains from bis lone death-bed, and the shirt in which he was to[have been buried, are broughtfore≤ by a thief. Tbe dawning of tbe remonestricken man’a desire for a n^w order of things was acted with all Mr Clark’s wonted power, and won frequent applause. The climax came with the visit to the lonely uncared-for grave, and then, to the relief of all, the shroud falls from tbe spectre, and Mr Scrooge sees that be hae only been regarding his bedpost. The joy of awakening, the resolves to be more charitable, and tbeir prompt execution, particularly tbe purchase of tbe pr ze turkey, showed the lecturer's dramatic powers to the fullest advantage. Bob Cratcbett’s purpr.se the next day, and his movement towards tbe roli-r, rai.aed much laughter, as did tho astonishment of the gentleman who had been c&nvasring; f r a charitable object on tbe previous day The change left Mr ! Scrooge as good a master, friend, aud man as there was in the old eity of London or any other,land henceforth he lived upon tbe total abstinence principle, as far ns such spirits as these went, for ever after. The lecturer, on concluding, and frequently duriDg his recital, received most unrnutakable tokens of approbation, hie task, apart from its meritorious execution, being a great feat of memory. In view of the popularity of these entertainments, Mr Clark has conven ed to deliver anoth lecture-entertainment on or about the 12tk instant, prior to leaving for Sydney. Tbe subjects are extracts from Dickens' chief works. 