Local and General. ——♦—— SHEEP SALE.— We have been requested to draw attention to the sale, by Durack, Cassidy, and Croaker, at the Corporation Yards yesterday, of 700 early-shorn wethers. SALE OF FURNITURE. — The sale, by Durack, Cassidy, and Croaker, of the furni- ture, etc., in Mr. C. Baker's establishment, George- street, commences to-morrow at 11 and will be continued through that day and on Thursday. A VAGRANT.— An old man named William Harvey, who was last week remanded on a charge of nominal vagrancy, was brought before the court again this morning and ordered to be sent to the Benevolent Asylum as soon as the order for his admission was received. THE RABBIT PEST.— Rabbits are still rapidly increasing on the Cobar common, and in a month or so, oven if rain does come, they must leave it as bare as the road. A Chinaman caught 360 in his garden on Friday night, within half a mile of the town. Nothing can now save many pastoral holdings from being abandoned. The pastoralists east of Cobar are watching with great anxiety the march of the pest on to their holdings, and are fully prepared to clear out, and leave their homesteads behind. LOCAL HONORS.— We understand that the racing galloway Kiora, which won at Canterbury Park on Thursday last, was trained by Hilton Piper, of Upper George street, who is steadily working his way up into the front rank of trainers. The win is a big feather in his cap. The mare was bred by Mr. J. H. McIntosh at Bunnamagoo, and shortly after the race was disposed of for a high figure. SHOCKING ACCIDENT TO A BOY. — The son of Mr. A. Sinner, of Airlio Bore, was dragged from his horse by a stallion he was leading. The brute then pawed him with his front feet, tearing the boy's scalp right off. The scalp has been replaced, and the patient is reported to be doing well. The lad has only been out of the hospital a short time, where he had been for months through having his leg filled with shot by a gun accident. THE WOOL SEASON.— The return of the wool carried over the railway lines this season, up to the 14th instant, shows a steady in- crease on last year, and by the end of the season it is anticipated that the quantity of wool handled in this way will be materially greater than last. Up to date, 207,931 bales have been received at Darling Harbor, 81,396 at Newcastle, and Morpeth 27,406 bales, making a total of 266,733 bales, being an increase of 49,464 bales. A SQUATTER COMMITTED FOR MAN- SLAUGHTER. — A wire from Adelaide says : A well-to-do squatter, named Benjamin Watts, was committed for trial to-day at Endunda for the manslaughter of John Lort. The evidence given at the inquest showed that Watts, Lort, and another man, named Geisler, were having a drinking bout of whiskey and Lager beer, and soon got into a quarrel. Watts attacked Lort, striking him over the head with two bottles ; and when these were broken he used a broom-handle. Lort died soon afterwards. DEATH IN DUBBO GAOL.— A few days ago an aged German, named Harry Treve, work- ing at the Coalbaggie, was attacked with influenza. He became delirious, and while in that condition attempted to commit suicide. He cut a vein in the arm and lost a quantity of blood. He was brought into Dubbb, and placed in the gaol. By this time pneumonia had set in, and the man, weakened from loss of blood, quickly succumbed. He died on Friday morning, and in the evening an inquest was held by the coroner. Treve was an old miner. He had resided for many years at Gulgong. ABSENCE OF MAGISTRATES. — Those having business at the court this morning were delayed through the absence of a second magistrate. Mr. McKay was in attendance, although it was not his day, and the police waited on several gentlemen who are generally ready to attend, even at great inconvenience, but found that these were away from town. After a fruitless search in every other direc tion, Mr. , E. T. Webb was waited on, and Mr. J. Simmons soon after attended. It will be remembered that not more than a fort night ago the magistrates met and agreed to a roster then drawn up. It is a pity that the agreement should so soon have been broken. THE SIX DAY'S MISSION.— Mr. Short commenced his mission in the Baptist Church on Sunday. In the morning he delivered a powerful discburse. on the 'Threefold Promise of the Spirit,' shewing tbat the outpouring of the Holy Ghost is the great present need of tho church. In the afternoon Mr. Short used his beautiful model of the 'Tabernacle in the Wilderness' to illustrate as address to children. In the evening Mr. Short gave another illustrated address, and yet another last night. Mr. Short's appeals are powerful, and his illustra tions vivid. All are invited to attend these services. Sankey's hymns are used. MORE RIFLE MATCHES. — The Southern Rifle Association have arranged for a first prize meeting at Moss Vale on 19th, 20th, 21st, and 22nd January. There will be eight matches in which prizes amounting in all to £500 will be competed for. Any local rifleman may inspect the programme at this office. THE CASE OF THOMAS FREEMAN. — This morning the man Thomas Freeman, who has been under remand for insanity was again brought before the Bench. He appeared in a very weak state of health, and gave no signs of mental improvement. Drs. Bassett and Machattie certified that he was not in a fit state to be at large, and he was therefore ordered to be forwarded to an asylum for the insane. BOURKE ELECTION. — Election matters are very brisk here (says a wire, from Bourke on Monday), and each candidate is canvassing diligently. The Bourke unionists have se- lected Donald McDonnell, a shearer, to con test the election on their behalf. The reports printed in the metropolitan press that Par sons tied McDonnell in the ballot is repu diated by the unionists here, who declare that Parsons is not recognised by them as a bona fide labor candidate. Owing to the feud between Messrs. Langwell and Willis, the letter's interest is being worked in favor of Mr. Waddell, Parsons splitting the labor vote. In the same interest Messrs Davis and Millen have large support, but hurt each other. Mr. J. E. Kelly, of Byrock is also a candidate. Mr. Waddell will address the electors here to-night. A SUFFERING SHEARER. — This morning a young man named John Lane applied to the police for relief. He was suffering from an abscess in his side, and was almost pros trated with pain. He had sought admis sion to the hospital, but that institution was full, and he could not be admitted. The only means he had of gaining relief was to seek the assistance of the police, and his case having been stated to the Bench by Sergeant Morris, Mr. J. Simmons said that he thought there was room in the hospital to-day; and the necessary order was given. Upon enquiry from Lane, we find that he was shearing near Narandera when he fell ill. He was admitted to the hospital there and was under treatment for some time for the abscess and was discharged as cured. He took to the road and tramped to Bathurst, where his side became so much worse that he was unable to travel further. THE CHARMS OF MUSIC.— The latest snake story comes from Brewongle, and carries with it a little of the element of sensation. For some time past church services in con- nection with the Wesleyan Church have been conducted at the residence of Mr. Christopher Armstrong, Brewongle, on the Sunday. Last Sunday, prior to the commencement of the service, the family and friends were sing ing in the drawing room, after which they retired to the room in which service was con- ducted. Later on they returned to the drawing room, and upon entering, were thrown into a state of alarm by seeing a large snake coiled up on the floor. No time was lost in killing the reptile, but the effect of the shock to the ladies was not over come until late in the afternoon. Snakes appear to be plentiful in the neighborhood this year, and already eight have been killed in and around the house since the hot weather set in. SYDNEY WOOL MARKET.— Messrs. Har rison, Jones and Devlin, write under date, Sydney, November 16th, as follows :— Our catalogue for our sixth sale held to-day con tained 2,882 bales and comprised a very fair selection of wools, nearly all of which were in the grease. As the season progresses the volume of business increases, and growers are not so anxious to ship now as they were during the earlier part of the season. Dur ing the ensuing six weeks, therefore, we may look for a large and expanding trade, and buyers will be able to execute their enormous orders from a larger and more varied selection. The sale room to-day was again crowded with buyers, and the good spirit which has characterized previous sales was by no means lessened at to-day's auction. Buyers for French orders operated with great freedom in almost all classes. English buyers ac corded good support in all shafty classes, and American buyers had but a poor selection of suitable wools to operate on. Speculators occasionally lent their support, but were unable to compete successfully with buyers for manufacturers. The tone of the bidding was marked by great spirit, and although excessive reserves occasionally caused a lull, excellent competition ruled throughout the sale. London catalogues disolosing a very low range of prices in the September sales, entailing heavy losses to purchasers, coupled with news of a decline of ½d per 1b. in the current Antwerp sales, are not likely to inspire confidence in the future of the market. Notwithstanding all those counteracting in fluences, however, there is a buying power here capable of absorbing all that comes forward, and the values current certainly compare more than favorably with priced catalogues just received from London. Privately and by auction we disposed of 1,454 bales. Mr. R. Hudson, of Hudson Brothers, is on a visit to Tenterfield in connection with the Chilled Meat Co.'s Works. It is expected that the chilled meat cars will be utilised for transmitting dairy produce to Sydney, as Mr. Hudson has offered special facilities to farmers in the district. We are informed on good authority that recent importations of apples from America are infested by the larvae of the codlin moth. It is surely time that some measures were taken to prohibit the importation of diseased fruit from other countries. A miner named Charles Johnson attempted to commit suicide by placing two charges of dynamite in his mouth and exploding them, at Drumond, near Bendigo (Vic), on Wed- nesday last. The charges blew outwards, scorching him slightly about the lips, and throwing him backwards into a waterhole. At a meeting of the Tasmanian Agri- cultural and Pastoral Co., held at Hobart on Friday night, the report stated that ex- ceptional and unavoidable loss had been in- curred in the latter part of last year, chiefly in the north of the colony, and that it was followed by embarrassments to the company's clients by the failure of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, which rendered it imperative to seriously consider the position of the company. A resolution authorising the directors to dispose of the property was carried. 