The GHOST of the ROCK. AN EXCITING GIBRALTAR TALE. . It is just twelve years since I was appointed to the command of a Subaltern's Guard at Fort Henry, one of the outworks of the fortress of Gibraltar. On a cold December night, a few weeks after my appointment, while lounging in my arm chair. I was suddenly alarmed by hearing a loud noise ^outside the door, and immediately afterwards soicuor, iuily accoutred, burst into tho 'Woom, gave an agonising shriek, and fell ''^msoless at the door. I raised him. An ^definable terror was depicted on every ^''feature of his countenance, his eyes rolled ^hideously in their blood-shot sockets; the bright hand clutched with a powerful grasp a !0 loaded musket, while the left pointed at some' ?; invisible object in the air. I recognised him as tho sentinel whom I had stationed in an ({^rchway leading from the cells in which 'omo Guorrillas were confined on a charge .Ji murder.. Totally unprepared for such a scene, and '^tirely ignorant of its cause, I naturally i.oncluded that some dreadful catastrophe had mppc-ned. Are there Spaniards in the fort ? there an insurrection among the people? | 'stave tho prisoners escaped? These were ;^e first thoughts that rushed through my . cited brain. At length I perceived i symptoms of returning consciousness in the man ; the dimness which had overshaded his eyes gradually disappeared, his right hand slowly relaxed its tenacious hold, and then, opening his mouth, he cried out, ' The ghost ! the ghost !' Relieved from the suspicions which had at first suggested themselves to my mind, I put him under guard, and, summomnc the watch, marched out lest the prisoners might f escape in my absence. Contrary to my an | ticipations, the prisoners were still secure, so I I left one of the men at the deserted post, and was leisurely walking back when a shriek I of terror burst from the new sentinel. I | turned quickly round, and saw him level his | musket for a moment, but then, without I firing, he fled, accompanied by his comrades, j Wondering at this strange conduct — as I I deemed it— I looked about in- extreme trepi dation, for the frightened looks of the hitherto undaunted veterans had completely astonished me. My eyes naturally sought the place to which the fugitive sentinel had pointed his musket, and never did a more fear -inspiring object meet the human vision than that on which my terror-struck gaze was now riveted. The moon, as it shone brightly into the passage, showed me a human form, selfsus tained in the air, the arms of which were stretched out as if to enfold me within their grasp. It was clad in a short tunic of trans parent white, which showed greatly' in con trast with the darkness behind. The head waa not quite severed from the body, but hung upon the breast, attached to the neck by a slight portion of skin. The legs tossed to and fro in such a manner as clearly showed tho bones had been broken in many places : and from the severed neck a stream 'of crimson blood rushed over the white raiment. : : .- I had already, almost reached m y quarters when, thinking of: the court-martial that would arise, I halted. My- breast heaved, my knees trembled, and a profuse perspira tion rushed from every pore. Mustpring all the energy that fear had left me, I slowly retraced my steps. The feeling oi the con demned convict as he paces between his cell ' and the gibbet would be a state of supreme bliss compared with what I suffered while endeavouring to collect every motive that could stimulate me to exertion. A.t length I stood trembling and breath less on the spot I had quitted. Slowly I raised my] eyes, and shudderin sly I closed them again jn terror i . for I beheld the same frightful object emerging as it were from the solid masonry. It now floated over my head in a horizontal position. The breast dilated and swelledxas when one draws a heavy sus piration. No sound accompanied this horrible motion. Despair gave me courage. At my feet lav the rifle of the former sentinel. This I seized, and, cocking it, I viewed the obj ect of my fears more earnestly . Assuming as military a tone as my terrors would permit, I demanded ' Who goes there ?' No answer. Again and again I shouted the challenge, though each time fainter and fainter. I now thought I could almost touch the spectre. Bringing the gun to my shoulder, I took aim. The thing, was within a yard of the muzzle — I fired. The loud echo was repeated a hundred fold, reverberating with a hollow sound through the vaulted arch. Slowly the breeeze dissipated the wreathed volumes of sulphuretted smoke, and there, fluttering^ wildly, like an eagle over his prey, and certainly now not more than 2ft. from any head was ' the thing of fear and dread.' Prompted by almost supernatural courage, I sprane upwards, and claspedit in my arms. The slight resistance which I encountered convinced me that it was after all no unreal shade. My terror vanished, and I became of a sudden strangely valiant. Sounds of human life were about me ; the prisoners were alarmed, and talked loudly in their quarters. Lights moved towards me from the guardroom, together with the pounds of measured footsteps. It was the entire guard; They marched in line, steadily, bayonets a la charge , and lo ! at my feet lay the object of the warlike preparations ! And what was it? A shirt of white linen ! which had been attached by the sleeves to a drying line, extended from one side of the arch to the opposite one. To the collar was pinned a red nightcap— the battered head ; a reel string —the seeming stream of blood — stood in bold xelief against the immaculate linen ; and a ?pair of stockings — the jointless legs— dangled from the extremity ! Need I say that the court-martial passed .a-lenient sentence on the frightend sentinel who had quitted his post ? Need I enumerate th-* jests and gibes I endured from my bro ther officers ? The nickname, ' The Ghost Catcher,' will cling to me till I am . laid m my grave. William Drummond (in Treasure Troves): 