SBOIWA GOOD SIIP TPWAS LOST On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good'ship "Sinry Conpton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North Ameri?a. The wind blew- furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in tihe liglhtlaouse on the Iron Roeck Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Five minutes later the ship struck witli a fearful shook and welnt to pieces. Four men, including the Captain were saved. On reaching the shore tley found a strange thing hadhappened. An theeyo cla lighthouse eeper Ihad Lound him hand and foot and einguisaiehd the lieht. Souls, asell as elships, steer by theflights, Hope is the te most imlortant lighthouse in the weorld. What shall le said of the moan who darkeous it in the feee ofn storm-tossed spirit ? "et You ore bond baann on;d." These words were said by a plysiyets to a woman who torl come to consult him. Admitting that le thought eo, had he the right to y ay 0so No: for he might be wrong-and isn any case he bad no busness to uta out the lighat. This women had been ill for somne time. In June, 1189, she eas greatly alarnmd bhylher symp. toms. Her 1,eart palpitated, aned she weas so giddy she coneld sCnrcely stand. Her hend whirled "and," she said, "all objects sceened to go into a cloud." Site iad to lold hlersclf sp orsittdown for fear of falling. She broke out in a sereat altongh cold ans deatl. A dreadfal cough rached her frame so that she could not lie dotwn in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about thle house," she says, "I scs so weak. Itrieddilferent remedies aned medicinesewitlaout avail. I went to tie Dis pensnry at new Briggate and asked the Doctor to tell me the worst. Hisnansweer was, 'I eavesmined' you some medieine; you cas toke itor leave it. Itook i; for three weeks, then gave up in'despair. "I tolkled ith two otlher phyeicians. The-lst one saidt ' Y''ert ureltnlt eumaat aeid.' "My heart sask within me, tor Ihad five little children, and my death would leave them witltnut a motberus love and care. I went hsome and cried till I eans sick. I hlad no nlpetite and lad lost fliesb till Ie la thin au e ghost! Mdyseother came to see me ned did not know me. Mly skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when Iate anytlting it seemed to stick itt my thlroat. Ahot this time I conlnenced vomiting, and welat I trew up wasn tingedewithblood. Once Ibergan tetoumitatsnine o'clocl on a SatnrdLy msueins and scarcely got rest from it untfl Monday morteng. "At this time I rememebered that Mrs. Wilson, witl whom I formerly worked in Crawford's MIill, in East Street, Leeds (wehere I live), hlad been curet by M1other Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to hr. Jessea's, the Chlemist, in Gloat Garden Street, and got abottle. A few doses stopped tie vomitelg, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Sootn could eat a dry crust, anfbythe time I hcad finished the secotd hottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting vsy strenstih back. I am now (Aplril, 1180), it hotter health than ever before in sy life. "I should lave taken MIother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, hut msy busbaud was out of work and we hed only atrife coomietg in from iis club, but Ithnnk God I did getit at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. Alltty friends and oeigh hours know the facts I lase related, and I will reply to any letters oftenueiry." (Signed), MIrs. lnn uIMlls, .10, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion uad dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it llad affectdthe nervous system. A few snonths, or possibly weeks more, and ?Krs. MIills wouldhave had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hoar for any reason, alter Itaving known wlmt MIother Seigl's Curative Syrup haddone for her friend Mtrs. Wilson. 