M!SClE].Ui«£0US.'':' A liliost at the Window It would seem, says England and Iho Union that Gal way is not going to bo behind hand in the matter of belief in the supernatural, judging from the state of excitement croated a few nights a.%0 by the rumour that a ghost had aiado its appearance at ono of the windows of a house in Ahhovi»n.(:fi street directly opposite the sacristy of the procathedr.il of St. Nicholas. Tho house, it must be mentioned, was lately occupied by a woman who died after a short illness. Since her death it became tenanted by another parson, but from aoino causo or other t!ie last mentioned left and tho place remained unoccupied till lash week. Then it was taken by another watnon. On tho night it was occupied somo children wero passing to atten.l devotions at the chapel when they say tuny observed a sort of unusual light in the house and a woman ?':i . 'ing near the open window, who in a sepul chral voice, said, 'Oils;1 oie prayer for me.' Some of the children fainted on the spot, and this caused others going to thoir devotions to enquire into the cause. The tale of the spectre at the window spread like wild-fire, and in a quarter of an hour no less than 2000 persons had congregated outside the haunted house. The streets on uach side bnoamo blocked. Tho crushing and jostling to get a glance ab the ' visitor from the other world' was such as have never been equalled in G^hvay. Several persons wero thrown dowu and trampled upon, and it was with the greatest difficulty a strong force oE police, after about throo hour's incessant labour, succeeded in clearing the streets sufficiently to allow pedestrians and cars to pass. The tramcars were even compelled to stand still in the streets. The follow ing night the sams state of things prevailed, but up to the present the real cause of the rumor has not been satisfactorily explained. Several ver sions of what Dhe object really was that creatoJ such a sensation are given, but the adult portion.of the community saylthat fifty years asjo there was also something, seen, in the house, it having boon the scene of a most brutal murdor — namely the asaasination of a woman named Maxwell by her husband. Prom the description now given of the late apparition by tho children who say thoy saw it, the oldor people say it is ono and the same 'host, which has to put up alternate half-centuries in this world and tho other. 'The police aro stationed near the place, where four streets meet and it is as much as theycan do to keep the curious from cougregating. It is surprising tha1) amougst this class ara ta be found some oE the most respectable and, it might be expected, enlightened people in the town, both male and female. The strangest thing oE all is that, notwith standing thn thousands who congregate nightly, not one — oven the police — has the courage to try to unravel the mystery. 