SULLIVAN v. SLAVIN. John as a Thumping Machine. Ashton and Joe Godfiard. (Br " Smiles.") Tho deril was sick, tlie devil a Monk would bo ; The devil was well, tlic dovil a Moufc was ho. That's so, my brethren ; John L. lias money, John won't fight, John will strike a streak of hard luck, and John Yvill make a dive at one of tho collossal purses that ore being- offered him. Anyway, that's liuw I figure' it out. I may bo wrong ; very ofton I am, but in tliis instance I fancy I'm not far out. I have a reason for tbis idea, for opinions illogically based are like a wooden-legged woman in wet weather. "Why do I think John will want money? Well, the novelty of the histrionic role will not Btand to him when ho recrosses tho oecan, and I fear ho is not going to mako a pile on tho Btage in this country. Ho has had heaps of \- gold over aince ho first became the idol of tho American sporting public. Poverty will sib as ill upon him as.a new saddle on a colt with a galled baok. He has been recklessly free and large hearted with liia dollars. He will enter the ring to win more of it. CAN II E FIGHT ?. Now, my masters, I promised you last week that wlieu I'd seen John in his war-paint I'd candidly tell yon how he struck me from a pugilistic point of view — or, rather, how ho Btruok Ashton. On Thursday night I visited the theatre, and watched the champion closely. Like most men, I formed a certain notion regarding his stylo of fighting and bis general appcaruncc. Time 1 Like a flash two men in ring garb slipped from behind tho wings and shook bauds ; aud one of my notions was strangled ' right there, for John in his ring garb is not at all like tho man I expected to sec. _ Tho great obest was there, deep and broad, mighty shoulders full of power, bnt not musolo-tiod, arms like piston-rods swayed loosely ; and what arms thoy were, long aud finely shnped, and strong as tho branches of an old sbeoak tree. Around the girth John wns more than -ample, and a casual glance suggested good dinners and small exercise. His hams were of . a monBtrous size, aud fairly spoiled his ap pearance, for it was fat, anduothing but fat, aud I can well understand tho anxiety of a trainer . handling John after looking at that mountain of flesh. . His underpinning, however, took me fairly by surprise. The legs wo havo seen _ in pictures and portraits, uiassivo, wooden, stilt- _ like, and heavy, dou'tubiuoou tho boards with this man. Not so. John owns a pair of legs 08 shapely as a girl graduado's, barely big onough for so hngo a balk, ' bat lie gets round on them as neatly almost as Griffo. Ashton is a big, powerful young atbloto, who has a wholeBdmo respect for John, a fact very patent to tho audience as soon as they sparred for Bound 1.— John wasted no time, standing np more like Foley than any Amorican I have ever Been. His left well out and his right in readiness across bis chest loosely, but full of boisness ; bang wont the big fellow's left glovo straight and moan from tho shoulder, landing on Jaok's chest. Jock countered, but John sent tho right across, the neatest oroBs counter imaginable. Ashton tried for tho belt, but John stopped him neatly. Jaok swnug Mb right for the ear and tho long fellow ducked as quiokly and as prettily as George Scale, and drove his right on the ribs, sending Ashton on to the floor, -that punch alono Bhowing what he can do with thiB member whon called upon in real earnest. Then there was some smart tapping, stopping, and ducking, and it was very plain that Ashton is miles below John's class in all points of the gome. Bound 2.— Ashton led and got homo a hard left drive on the throat, John responding by delivering a wioked right on tho back of the nock as his adversary half turned, and down went Ashton to tho floor on hands and knees. Ho scrambled up and let go both hands, the big fellow stopping tho left nicely and ducking from the right in great style: then there was some tool good sparring, Ashton landing heavily on the ear with Ms right and pegging John in tho month with tho left. Jonn got a hit wicked, and put in one with Mb loft on thebody that sont Jack to tho far end of the stago, and with a quiok, neat spring the big fellow got after him, drawing back his right till the bunches of muscles stood np Ominously. Ashton saw it, and made a break across the stago, which caused a grim smilo to . ripplo.over John's face. Bound 3. — Shako hands ; both tho men put in some rattling good work, but it was very . evident that John had the ourb on, and had hard work to go slow enough, whilst Ashton seemed in mortal dread that John might show . the Australians how to flatten a man in . earnest. The round ended with Ashton face- downwards on tho carpet— a stage fall, of course, ' Well, it was all over, and I'd seen tho fistic marvel of the -ago perform. What do I think of him P Well, I'd go from hero to Ireland to see him and FADDY SLAVIN in one ring with willing gloves to a finish. Sullivan boxes more like one of Join Maco's . pupils than any American I've yet met, and in my humblo estimation ho is well worthy of the proud title ho has hold so long, and ho has been justly oallod tho CHAMFION OF THE WORLD. If he meets Slavin it will be a terrible mill , and grounds will see one on the floor for a certainty. -SlavM is a couple of inohes tailor than Sulli- I vail, though I doubt if he's longer in tlio "reach." Sullivan is neater on his feet than our boy. With tho left hand Sullivan is Slavin's . ' riliisteir, bht I think Paddy is his equal for Lawi punching with the right. Sullivan pka nqator and auickor than Slavin. I don't think tbd nion will fightia'tho same stylo. Paddy strides right np to his man and rushes liko a tiger. Sullivan, if I am not mistaken, will creep right on . to his foe. until witlnu hittinir distance, then bnrl all his terrific power into bis blows. To sum up, I think it will simply amount to tbis : Which of the pair can land one good right-hand punch first, for the man who gets it won't bo good for much after. ASHTON AND GODDARD. There is somo talk of a purse bcimr hung up for our second Australian-born listio warrior and Jack Ashton. II this is so it will be a picnic for one. and that one won't be Ashton. I don't give him a chance, not a ghost of a ehanco with tho grisly Barrier Champion. He's a good follow, a nico strong young chap, and a very welcomo guest, but I must speak plainly when it comes to ring matters, and in this case if Jack is foolish onough to moot"Joo he'll know how to whistle " Down went M'Ginty " without a book. 