THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is u dual of money, hut he was not able lo buy thc article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he baduit got. Herc is his story, and he snail tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, thc latter so thick and stickly that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and straw till I bled at the nose, and the blood rush out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call tho doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to thc Notting- ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eightceu months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom- mended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby- shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. Tbc first one said, "You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, Baid nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in Ins gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would lie away for a few days. Tilings went on like this until Decem- ber, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear thc phlegm would choke mc. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and uiy eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was BO weak I had to take hold of thc furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to road I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset mc. "Thc doctor kept on attending me, but bc said, ' I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs arc diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a boluc. Rut nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in thc paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you over try Mother Seigel's Syrup ? ' and told me how he had been cured after being in thc hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria-street. After thc first dose I had a» evacuation mucli as inn, ann vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rcst:d when I awoke. After taking thc medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I waa able to go out for a short walk. Dy the end of a Fortnight I went to sec my master, who asitcd what had wrought tho improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigcl's Syrup had saved my life I com- menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, hut after taking Scigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." "In giving his consent to thc publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Koetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all thc facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey twenty-two years, and bcai'u an excellent reputation. Now, what waa the complaint from which ho sulfured ? Not Galloping consumption, certainly (us one of the doctors thought), or he would ¡lave galloped into his grave in less than three mouths, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complnint was chronic iuilaiumutory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which Ima luug symptoms like con- sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Scigul'a Syrup, was used thc disease yielded, as ull diseases of the digestiv« tract «lo yield to that magnificent preparation. Wc heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, und recommend thc facts of hi« ease to all thinking people. 