[?] , i irinpi i i ' ® nop?"?' ' " By-. - .. ' ; HENBYBffiSMAN. .<u»or of " HcirilA " Between the WMfffc," " A Leadiflg Lady," ForOH Vtrginm,"etc. CHAITEll YIH <OOOTnrasm.J) -The rest of the day was maxked m red letters in the calendar, ©! MQr. rumer8i, da- hanchery, He detennined to oridbmte jMs; prosiierous progress hy getting as drunk as tt» proverbial lord, bat there was a roice of wis- dom in his folly, for he naaeiro Iu& ouna to get the full measure of hie ij&toBatioh; eariy in Uie evening, so -tbat ha might be abbs to sleqp off its effects before his son called the following day. The idea was no sooneroonoeived than acted ..upon, and a dozen lords could not altogether be score inebriated than Mr. Turner was half an hour after he had fairly etaxted. When the old ruffian was intoxicated, he \- was distinguished by three prominent ehaxae- tpnstics, the first being the mad liberality with which he bought drinks for everybody with in sight; the second bis animal craving for female society, generally of the lowest, the inost degraded, and the most boisterous type; and, thirdly, a spirit of fiery pugnacity, which, inevitably resulted in quarrels. The senile debauchee, liaving had hisfull fling in spending his son's allowance, and having surrounded himself with three damsels who were quite as capable as he in the consumption of ardent, liquors m ist needs get at loggerheads with a" heing that he was in a trice severely kicked, badly bruised, and obliged to fly for his fife to hiB bedroom, minus his frail ones, and minus a ready Bupply of whiskey. It is said that a Special providence watches over such unworthy drunkards as he, and in this case he fared indeed better than he deserved, far the excite- tneut and the drink combined resulted in his falling asleep and not waking till eariy next morning. The dawning day found Mr. Turner rubbing his black bruises, bat glad to discover that no bonos were broken. A big gulp of whiskey steadied his shaking nerves, and after collect ing lib wits, he felt himself ready to meet his eon. The old ruffian pretended to be suffering from ft bad headache when the latter called. "I've bin an' took a glare too much last night, my boy," he said, " bat I shan't do it ft<nn. I "guess it ain't so easy to get shut of an ofd habit like that. I was stone tired last eight. I'd bin bavin' a denied long walk up town an' back agin. Long walks do me good. An' I've bin' lookin' for a man as I've bin wantin' to come up with for ever so long. I've had a grudge agin him this many a year, an' I Want to get on the prairie with bun." "Who iB it?" asked young Underwood -casually. n . _ . ' " Oh, I guess yew don't know hi®, answered the old villain, in his best comedy style, keeping hiB coldly glittering eye fired upon tlia young man. " It's a man that's done me a mountain of wrong. I don't know as yew ve ever heerd o' my parduer, Joe Robin son, Hell-fire Joe ; he was a rough 'un, but he wosu't a bad 'un if yew knowed him, Waal, that mau as I've bin a- wantin' to meet hanged him, an' he would have hanged tne, I tell yew if he'd cotched me." " I should have thought that this is not the fort of acquaintance you would tare, to meet again," retorted young Underwood, with a -com smue. ' w " Oh, I've got my reasons." exdaimed Mr. Turner. " Joe Robinson had a daughter. She was quite & baby when poor Joe was lynched, but now I guess she'd be nigh on twenty year eld. The brute that bunged her father earned her off, an' he's bin bring in her up as his own daughter, hut I won't have. the. gell kept ignorm' of her father's name." " Where is the girl ?" asked the young roan) gettiug interested in his father's recital; Who is the man r" " I reckon yew might have heerd about him/' answered the old man, looking fixedly fct his son. " He's worth & pile. He's got an all-fired One bouse on Fifth Avenue. His name Is Dan Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank Sismay, went wide of the mack, and returned to £rike the ruffian's own head, like a misdirected »omerang, Hubert Underwood, his eyre aglow with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and tus fists clenched, turned his chair, and glared j«is father full in the face. "You have been following me," he cried with a quiet intensity. " Confess it. You have been following me, or I may forget that I am your son, and throttle you." The turn which the affair had taken so took the old man by sarprise that he could only gtaanmer-, " I ain't done no then. I've got a right to lake a walk if I want to. I guess I've got " " Confess you've been playing the spy upon u fihariTurBre tecAn eon senientrafuge: rxmtmuoa-|ho ymmg xmm, "since joa wfll not speak, I wiU cOnfiae to ynuwiMri; J" havn done. I natortdly wanted to khow how yoncame to New-Yo when you. came, in wbaV wise ymi0Mne, whree you came from,. 5® f ®nip«y®d the- time you occumed In flogging my footsteps by settu% snlmiuiiy jffieeovCT ; of hfichad Tbeoidnum's palefeeturasiorned Aretly eaheaattiiat unexpectedsslly, "Tha agent required only two days/ the; jtemalirt went on slUwly and coldly, to discover that Michael Turner was, about o the gaol at - ; Cleveland, Ohio, having ben w>nfl>imnwf to a > tettnroi tenn of bnrd labour for theft and attompbBd murder m a hemae of ill- hms, He ' leaned further that Michael Turner, together with twe other convicts, eseaped from that j prisma during the - sudden illness- of the head gaoler, who, it has smce been proved, was poisoned : by aecompfloss, and lhaf the Gteve- laud police are at this moment actively search- : teg for Mr. Miehael Uarner. Now. as a good dtiaeefit is:my duty to inform the police of the whereabouts Oieessfare Mike; and by heaven I will, do it if yon stir out of this house another yard 'without my express permission, if you aS. much as whisper what you said to me jnst now to a HvisaouL" "Xew'd have yewr father sent back to priB% t" hissed the bkffled ficouridreh " Waal, a fine thing It would be for all the world to read inthepapers thatMr.HubertUnderwood the niee young geatieman, is the son of a thkf." " Don't yon lay the flattering unction- to vour soul that you can scare me with that bogey. Three would be no rraort in the papers about your arrest. I'd call in the first poUeeman and give you into custody: There would be no trial, and if there were, I would only have to explain my position to the news' editors, and three is not a paper in New York or the States which would report the case. I've got yon by the throat, and give you the option to live com fortably on such reduced allowance as I will nowmftke yon, or go back to jail. But Fll do my best to prevent you from harming those I care for, as sure re there is a Hod above us who'll absolve me if I curve and hate my own father. Now do your damnedest at your > peril." ' Golly !" exclaimed the old villain, when his son had left the room. "He ain't the fool I took him for. I might ha' knowed it," he added, nearly broudly, "he's my son." He was not long left in doubt for confirma tion of the surprising discovery that Hubert was not theibol he had thought him to be, for less than five minutes after the close of their inter view, the proprietor of the Nelson Grand hotel opened the bedroom door, and barely putting in his head with the remark, " Oh, you're there all right, are you f " closed the door again. The moment afterwards Mr. Turner heard the key turned in the lock; and a sudden white rage seethed within him. He bounded to the door and tried the handle. He was locked in. It would be neither desirable nor profitable hero to record or imitate the avalanche of oaths and curses with which the caged scoundrel greeted this novel state, of things. He raved, aud jumped, and danced up and down the room like a lunatic, tearing his sparse hair, and knocking his head against toe wall in sheer insane fury. Having exkauttodhuiiseii in such futile rage, he flew to his habitual fountain of leltef, the whisky bottle ; but that was empty, said not a drop could he wheedle or coax out of it to moisten his parched throat. He ran to the bell and rang it violently, but obtained no response. Thereupon he com menced to hammer at toe door like a madman, screeching and screaming, shouting himself hoarse at the same time with the filthiest and most loathsome language that ever , defiled human lips. By-aud-by the heavy tread of the stalwart landlord reached tbeturd floor, and the bed room door was opened. Mr. Tamer, by that time, was nearly speech less with frenzy. " You're a- fine old villain," exclaimed the proprietor, standing there with arms crossed over hisriiest. " Fd advim yon to make less naiseif yoa don' t want to get th at ugly head o yoursbroken." " How- dare yon lock ma in? " roared Mr. Turner ' " Dare?" sneered, toe landlord with a, laugh. "Til dare" lock you in agate, and more thau that. If it's got to b a, Fll gag you, and tie you baud and foot. How will you like that, you oldtofeff The a«ed Bcoundrel wonld have flown afthe proprietor's throat, had not toe latter's broad chest betokfard a forbidding strength. He glared about him for a weapon,, but saw none ready to his hand, <rYew've got no right to luck me to," he whined to a sputtering rage. "It's arin the law, It's ugte the law." " Law was toe contemptuous reply he got. "Igusss yen've had your vtonmcbful of the law, and wfll get it agate, no doubt. I've got my instructions from Mr. Undsrwood. You've got to stay in this room unto you're per mitted. to move. And more than that. Not a drop of liquor will yen get while you're here. And if you make the slightest attempt to escape, : I'll have to take von by the scruff of the neck, | \- and run yon out into the street, and hand yon over to the first policeman. Now, which is it to be?" Hisrsgennd dtecomfitore overpowered the white-haired rogue, and he sat down cm toe bed and fairly blubbered. The landlord threw : out an " I guess yon understand what you've got to do now," and left the room, Inolrmg the doorbehten bin. CHARTER IX. — " Year Have Beek My Faxzdeb." ; , While the black thunder clouds of the ex- posore of her father's shame were roOicg nearer sad threatening Hire Angel's peace; toe youaglady was in the happiest and busiest of „ moods. An outfit had to be ordered, ard for the first time In. her young Bfe Mter Kresbaw Avww l««<ac b«t oountry which was her Own home, aai where pteamdyfor oret whmrm tos be assocf F»Pl» wW wST hre equals m statiom- She bad shrewd eemmcrn eecse enough to iwdersi&ad; tte wlulst in New "York and the states, she teas in<w- Kemhaw of Angeljeft City, a panoaality whom most people knew, and who «euld afford to, drees as nmplir er as oddly as rite plsrea f in Europethe custmnsahdhablteof soriaty would haye to be considered, . and she would mpt ba able, for instance,, to goto a diimar pariy i|ihre ordinary walking dress, withonl sttrnetfnrr ntt Much as she disliked it, timrefore, at first, she had to hand herself' over to too tender mredes oftlteiicmafiodreremakre..But appetite comes with eating and whctiireit was 'tore the enthusiasm, of the modiste abput gorgeous gowns, and manties, and white not was contagious, or that toe yonng, lady, had never really understood what adttoetemale mted can find over too' esleriion. of the all-iinportaiii derisions anentcut andsltep and ospecaofly ovre that superlatlyely cxritoig occupation of trying on, Miss Angel's opinions abontfrooks ana froric-buildexs gradually, " but surely, undrewant a cosoplete clmnge, and too was as happy over her newly discovered exciter ment re a oMid over a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted rith her phflo- sophre and guido toe fashionable milliner and dressmaker, deep in the stndy of the intrigpoios of the last Rarisiah edicts relating to frocks, when Hubert Under wood was admitted belo w, and immediately proceeded totheiibrary, where he hoped to fiod Daniel Kreshaw; The young man was pale. His eyes wan dered about the room restlessly, and his hapdn trembled. Mr. Kreshaw happened to be momentarily absent, mid to toe young jour nalist' the tew minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library appeared in- terminable. The old pioneer at once noticed the pecu liarly nervous condition of theusuallyBo calm and unexcitable young man, and immediately faced him with the remark : " Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What is it ?" " Mr. Kershaw," answered Underwood, " I had inteuded, if possible, to spare you the worry aud annoyance which are bound, to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you, bat matters have taken such a turn that I deem it my dutyto tell yon what has hap pened." " Hold hard," exclaimed toe old man. "I guess what yew're goin' to tell me ain't as sweet as maple sugar, and if yew don't mted, Fll sit down to it. Now, my boy," he con tinued, seating himself in his big armchair, " yew can start, an' run, an' race, an' have the whole length o' the road." " My tether, the father of whom I have such reason to be ashamed," continued Hubert, with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, " is in New York. He has been in New York for some days," It was Daniel Kershaw's turn now to feel his nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepi dation. He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over ag&ui; ; he had laughed gaunt death in the face on scores of occasions, but shame, and especially shame mid distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three days past, a ghost called up by Michael Turner's face which he had seen from his window, the ghost of HellSre Joe that scowled .at him. of a night, aud glared at him from odd corners, of his dreams, and pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and cried, " What right have you with my. daughter ? Give up my daughter ! Tell her that you killed me ! " " Waal," he said slowly, " that ain't news as one would print, an' buy a frame for, an bang hi the parlour, but I guess it wos to be some aay or outer. i iscKoa as wants money, an' he'll have.to have it." " I have given him money," retorted Under wood, bitterly, " but it is like droplets thrown into toe ocaan. The more you give, the more be waste in debauchery, and the more he wants. That would-be little, bat he has just escaped from gaol, aud there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a great show of being anxious to reform, and vary nearly succeeded ux throw ing dust in my eyas. Luckily he betrayed him self, and he betrayed himself oyer a real or pretended- grudge against you." "Agin mer" cried the old man in astonish ment. " What'a he got agrin me ?" The whole story had to ba told — the sore had to-be laid fully bare. " He sayV continue! Hubert, with slowly nervous deliberation, "that you hanged his partner, Hcllfire Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hell tire Joe's daughter, and that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's name." . Tim old froutisrsman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, silent andrim. .Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the Hps opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. " Mike Turner yawr father," hiseed Kershaw, "an' he'll tell my Angel that her father was a murderer, an' that I hanged him. Not mush he won'tj, I reckon. Whar is he?" he de- manded neorlysayageiy . " I have him safe for the moment," answered Underwood; aghast , at the impression his annouircQcient had made upon the millionaire. . " He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canal street, and the proprietor Is keeping watch and guard over him." " But yew cayn't keep him thar for ever," cried thB pitraeer. u Let's keep our head cool, an' see that the priminTs dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrup, an' leave him hyar. That would took cowardly, an no man or devil shall ever sav feat Dan'l Kershaw wos afraid of him. It ain't yewr faulty my hoy, that Cbeesafaoe Mike is yswr tether, aay more fesn it?s my Angel'sfoult toafcHellflre J oewas here," He had confessed toe hard nakad trnto without knowing feat he had confessed it, bat, now that it was told, ha felt the load of a millstone takes from his mind. For years he had jealously guarded fee secret. Now anothor man shared it, the man of all ofecea moet Itoriy to shield, wife fee bulwatoo£ his ow& lifej her whom it threatened. Aud Hubert; knowing feat hk betrothed was of as lowly, as mean, and as dospireble birth as himself, was so steejnsd in hts love that he felt not even a tinge of added joy-over thefiisr oo very which teoutt Angelica Kershaw to a nearer level wife fcumselt. She was not lowmed ahautoreadfetehis esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow feat annotated hia love, mad made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not are- mark, not an exclam&ticn; of surprise esca|>ed from his llpa His Angel was his Aifgel, taid he would as lief have cMded a butterfly for : having sprung from a totyealis as having dreamed of deeming it a reproato tiiat she was , as low- born as himself. bb " I«sess yew've got to let me handle feat i.'v ' VV ' "- :.L ; V ffldhor o' yewrn," continued Das'el Kershaw. "It flttat to be reckoned a» yew'd keep the grip on him a&otoer; mate" could. He ain't quite a dq-g«w fool Cheesefsgoe Mil® ain't. Oho'sesoaped from pris'a, he laows that ho can bo Mat book acta Ho may think that his sap wouldn'tdo that, but ho's tasted santylss of my peppor afore, aa' I guoeo his mouth: it smortte' yet, tffiiar's two things ho did. Mike Turner's got to ho made to koep « riMo tongue, and"— here toe old man's votes dropped, and a tremor vibretod tte>ough it— " as AmeM's got to know- that 1 ate't her. iJafeir' .. - "I " Butsurely— " oxelaimedHubert. " Oh, don't yew go an' frighten yourself," iaterruptod Koxshaw. " I ain tgoin to toll kiu: : notooa about Hedfiro Joe an his gallows. Thar ain't npfe»a to bo goinedhy that. Bat I count- \- as l gxrt to be honoot at last, an' tell her as- I've stole her love, an' beghox to f ojive mo— forgive mo.'.' : . ;; ' Tho voioe became softmr and nearly tearful as he went on. - It was feo Toice'of a poor repentant sinaer proclaiming his hop of a paidon to come. " Yes, my boy," he repeated, " I've stole her love ; an' what's more," he added wife a stern . resolution. "I mean -to keep it, God beta' wiilin',a21thedays of my life. New yew go down town, an irit can be did; yew bring feet tether o yje wrn to me hyar. If it. cayn't be did, yew come back an' tat mo know, an' I'll go down to him," 1 ! " It's only riit," he muttered when the young man was gone. " It wasn't fair to start with, an' God knows Fve tried to fight agin it, an' tell her of it this mauya year past." The young lady was in a prrity pout at being disturbed. "What a bother, daddie dear!" she ex- riaimedas feeeamo into the room, rediant with fee glow of: agreeable excitement. "Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her-asristant, and she has to go beick nearly immediately, and she can't .writ." " Sit down here, my Angel," he said, softly. "Never mind fee dressmaker for a few mtnif " " A few minutea?"5 she cried, parsing her pretty lips. " A few minutes P " x es, a few minits," he replied. " Perhaps ten— perhaps fifteen. Yew II give them to yewr daddie, won't yewt if he asks yew ?" " Why, you're as serious as a judge, daddie dear," rejoined Miss Angel, seating herself on a footstool at his feet and looking up into his eyes. " What is fee matter? Whit has hap pened?" He took her head between his two hands and kissed her upon fee forehead, long and fervently. " I love yew so, my Angel" he breathed. " I believe I'd die if I were forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hand at sayin' whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, but I know feat yew're settled jest here— jest on my heart, an' growed thar." " I know this; daddie darling," she whispered surprise dly. ' I have known it ever since I've been able to understand what it is to be loved." " An' yew love me, my dear," he conttaned in the same tenderly vibrating half -broken voice. " Yew love me as a good, gell ought to lore her father. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me because it's yewr nature, an' yew cayn't help lovta' me ?" She looked up at him wife her big, dark eyes brimming with her heart's full devotedness. " What a question to ask, daddie !" she said smilingly. ' I love you bxxrnse I love you. Because you're fee dearest daddie in the world ; because cot to love you would be impossible." " Ah, would it?" he retored: "Suppose yewr father was dead an' gone long ago, an' I've taken his place, mi given out &s; £ was yewr father." IDs eyes were glued upon her as bespoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staked upon her reply. "I don't want to suppose any such thing," she answered. " What is the good of it ?" " Answer me," he pleaded. <l Suppose it woe. Suppose £ wasn't yewr father— how would it be then, r "Why, if it were so,' toe replied wife drooped eyes, and the fingers of one hand nervously moving across fee open palm of fee other, " yon have been my father— I know no other — I can think of no other," " But if I had told yew lies," he went on in a hoarseatoniriess,— " if I had told yew stories that wosn'fc true, bocos I had to say somethin', yew know, when yew asked questions,— an . yew did ask a lot; yew know— all sorts of 'em — about yewr mother, an about things — an I, I told them one after another, an one wickeder than another. Becos, yew see, my dearie," he cried in an agony of confession, "I am not yewr father, an I've lied to yew all this while. An now ifs had to come out, an yew 11 de spise me." He turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and wife the tears of piteous sympathy welling in her eyes and rolfing over her cheeks, drew his fingers aside from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were over strained in their effort to make sweet music. "No/ daddie darling," she cried, "Never, daddie daritag— sever, now, in this life which hi yours— never, now or hereafter. You aot my father ? There is only one for me besides you— the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my tether now, than you ever could have been." And kissing him again bid again in such holy embrace aa a daughter may give to her parent, toe laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept wife her as though they both were children. She pulled out her handkerchief and dried Ms eyea and hers at fee same tone. "listen to me, my Angel," he whispered. " Fll have it off my chest — as much of it, at amy rate, as yew need be told." A shiver of self-reproach went through him at feat moment, as he reflected that a portion at \- least: of the dread foots would hare to be con cealed from her. " Yew wos a tiny wee baby," he went on to) wly and stolidly; " when yewr fafeer died — ieat about three yeardd— ah yew had no one in the wide, wide world to give yew as. much n a drop o' waters-no fatter, no mother, no sister, no brother, no nobody. I knowed yewr father. He was not e very good man, btitit' ain't my place hyor to my a word agin him afore vew, bis daughter. Yew wos fee prettiest babby that I ever seed, an the mo ment I set my eyes on yew I took to yew, an yew took to . me. You could barely toddle then, an I wos as pleased as a squaw over a new .red blanket to have a little thing like yew erowin at me when I cum home from the mountins or from prairie loafin. An then yew growed, an fee' more yew'd growed, fee more yew got to be a need tome, an I would rather have done without my pipe, an', my whisky, fifty times dye, Without yew. An' then yew got to be old enough' to talk, and to ask .about things, an then the lies had to begin, aud yew called me daddie, an I didn't like to say nay to that — it would have hurt me to say nay to that. Then ail fee folks about ©ailed yew Kershaw's little weuch, aa I didn't sty nay to that either an' fee biseer vew erowed, have cut asUee o' featou as vew, Then J ot »miI» tn' fee in. ygpsfrn reD; an I was glad: it cu®/ I feat's all for my Angel, aa' feat p£|ssea me yew know, an made me work hard®:, cos | bad yew, my dearie, to wOrk for, An ve growed quite a laity, an' so hensum, an M lovfe', an' so kind: to me, aii all fee, people lov«4 yaw, an Iwos so prond that tbty did lore yew, wi' though I often iftfr thta|: pfteDhr yew, I never . had fee heart todo ittillneir. An' now I have told yew, an' you hAven't called me names, rii' vew've kissed me. an I'm happierthan ever I wo8,;cos Pve told yew whatyew onghtto have kuovredyeais agone." Bte ytomdher and drew her to his breast, and enfolded her slight frame wife his great strong . arms, and pressed her to Me heart, arid neither ef taem uttered a whisper for the space of a minute or two. " Do not speak of tiiis again, daddie darling," tot breathed. r I want to know no more about it, I am deubly your child; for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and ! am beginniiig to fori how mutol owe to yourlove, But for you I might be a poor, wrefohed. forlOni waif of the prairise— a strew cast before tiffiwtens —mid here l am rich; respected, " cared for. I have not yet oeen able to arrtve at a foil appreciation of my debt to ybu, hut I will soon, daddie dear, ! will. Bui I'll lava you ail fee more, if fest be possible. Fm a frighV1 fee, exclaimed wife changed counte nance, jumping up and regarding herself in fee mirror, " and Mrs. . Mortimer wfll think you've been scolding me, tod have made me cry. . 1 don't care," toe added brightly, smoothing her tremto and cooling her glowing face wife her handkerchief, " let her think what she likes." She blew a kiss to Mm as toe paused fox a moment at the door. "Gq£ >less you, daddie darling," she wMs- pf?ed, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled fee burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower that has -refreshed the sub -scorched plain. . Hons like blessed cbsritv that leavea i fn bannt. ness in its wake. Gone as leve does go it has brought lifB and Lope, and ho promised to return. The pioneer was sitting in his arm-chair dreomfly, as he had never remembered himself before. A doubt still battled in his mind. Ought I to have told her all? he deliberated wife himself. Ought I to tell her still? No, no, no, no ! came fee answer of Ids conscience, clear as a clarion; you must not break her young heart and blast all her life with the cankaxing thought that her father was an assassin. At that moment young Underwood appeared at fee door, paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. "What's the sign now?" asked Kershaw. " Is thar a painther loose ?" " No," gasped the youn« man, " but a creature that's for worse. My father has got away again." '004 away!" exclaimed the pioneer. "Waal!" "He has nearly murdered fee landlord of fee hotel," continued Underwond. " He made a ghastly horrible sling-shot by filling a heayy tumbler with fee iron top? screwed off from the fire-irons, and tying fee tot in a handkerchief. He lay in wait btoind fee door for the poor man, and when fee latter entered to give him his luncheon, he struck him a fearful blow over fee back of fee head, breaking the tumbler into half-a-dozpn pieces aud fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not fee wounded man wlU live, and in the hurry and skuxiy my father got clean away." " Waal, boy, what do yew propose to do?" asked Kershaw. " Heaven only knows," replied the journalist. " There'll be a trial now, and an exposure, and Miss AUgsSca may hear all about it, for fee old villain will certainly not hold his tongue. O God," he cried, " is it a Bin to wish one's own father dead ?' ' (to be cojttinved). Published by special arrangement with Messrs Ward, Lock and Co., publishers. 