WHAT THE GREAT HEIRESS IS DOING WITH HER MONEY. The New York Freeman's Journal of 10th January says:—Sister Catherine, formerly Miss Kate Drexel, of this city, who is about to devote her immense fortune, between 7,000,000 dollars and 8,000,000 dollars, to the moral and intellectual elfevation of the Indian and negro, has" been here during the past week in the interests of the new order of Sisters which she is about to found, and looking after the new* mother-house and novitiate, which are now being built at Andalusia; ' a. few miles outside Philadelphia. While here she spent the greater portion of the time with the Sisters at 'Tortrodale, and shunned all ; publicity. " As she pasBed alopg Chestnut-street no one seemed r^cbgnise her, and she, on tae dther hanff, jfeid do attention to the titrfaber tiffaitoilia* faces that passed her by. Sheseemed tobe entirely wrapt in her .own thoughts, utterly unobservant wd^hidifEprfent to the bus^ scenes of the : PaSttsihg foi!W moment, as if She jiislt, remembered a' dirty ct' charity, she entered a book store and purchased a' number Ufiittle pictntes'llfastrative ojf' sacred subjects. The store was crowded ait the time by * select andftshi«nbl» circlfe «fpeople, matty of' whbntf were'old acquaintances of Mhs Drexel; Yet nph«. vb&tit;^M .fotmble- wifch her at the ball-room and the banquet hall. After she had made her purchase she walked quietly out and continued ber journey. Apart from the mother-house, which is now rapidly approaching completion, Sister Catherine has founded during the past year a mission, school, and orphan asylum for the coloured Catholics of the city, all of which are now in the charge of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost and Sisters. She has also purchased a site near Washington, where a convent and school for coloured children will be immediately erected. The name which Sister Catherine has decided to give the new Order is that of the Sisters of the Most Holy Sacrament, and their mission will be the evangelisation of the Indians and negroes. The habit which Sister Catherine ha? selected is similar to that worn by the Sisters of Mercy. Sister Catherine will make her vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience in St. Mary's Convent, Pittsburg, about the middle of next month. A number of the leading Catholic clergymen of the country will be present. Archbishop Eyan will receive the vows. After her profession Sister Catherine will begin to receive a number of young ladies into her Order, and take steps for the ereotion of a number of schools and asylums throughout the country. Sister Catherine has returned to her home in Pittsburg, and will spend the next few weeks in solitude preparing for her final vows 