Theatre Royal. "Rip Van Winkle." WASHINGTON IRVING'S delightful legend of the Catskill Mountains, where Rip Van Winkle indulged in his prolonged sleep of 20 years, was presented at the Theatre Royal in a dramatised form last night. The house was not a particularly good one, and the cold draughts which swept through it, though delightful compared with the sweltering heat of Saturday night in the same place, might have been modi- fied to considerable advantage by the closing of a window or two. There are three or four different dramatisations of the story of the sleepy Dutchman extant, and though this is reported to be the latest London one, its raison d'être does not manifest itself very emphatically. No drama founded on a legend in which ghosts and demons abound can absorb the interest of matter of-fact people in these practical days. Goethe's " Faust " lives only as an opera, and Byron's " Manfred " was as dead a frost as Drury Lane ever witnessed. Everyone knows the story of Rip Van Winkle, the good natured, lazy, drunken Dutchman, who, upbraided by his wife, wanders off to the Catskill Mountains, where he meets some worse spirits than he ever had experienced of before and falls asleep for twenty years. Old, stiff-boned, and grey bearded. Rip creeps back to his former home in search of the faces he loved when " all the world was young." The complications possible are of course numerous, and it is with a feeling of gratitude one observes they have not all been taken taken ad- vantage of. Rip's daughter Rowena is about to be forced into a distasteful mar- riage, or have her fortune confiscated, when the old gentleman makes his appearance, sets matters right, reiterates for the last time that he has "sworn off" for good, and the curtain decends on a picture which should gladden the hearts of the sons and daughters of temperance. Mr. Taylor takes the part of "Rip." We have seen better and we have seen worse. Jefferson was infinitely better, but he is unapproachable, and made a speciality of this particular part. Mr. Taylor is a very capable and versatile actor, but pathos is not his strong point, and when he en- deavors to become very intense in that way a portion of the audience snigger, and the effect is spoilt- Miss Ella Carrington is very good as Rip's wife, Katrine, and a great deal better as " the daughter of the same," Rowena. She warbles a pathetic little ditty in the fourth act about the " Old Home," the sentiment of which causes one to overlook the occa- sionally abrupt change of note. Miss Beatrice Lyster has a similar character tc portray as in " Tricks" the other night, and she is eminently successful, first as the sweetheart and then as the much better half of the pompous legislator. Mr. Ennis assumed the latter role with much aptitude. The rest of the cast were very efficient, but do not require particular- ising. To-night " Rip Yan Winkle" will be repeated. 