SPORTING NOTES FROM VICTORIA. (»y WniE.) , Meliiouunk, Tuesday Night. Oh tho Flbuiiiigton training tracks this morning, Lottio, looking oxcoodlngly well, waa given a turn ovor tho hurdles. Knight of tho Clarter did ditto, but only wont fairly well. Star of Erin, after jumping badly, wanned np to his work and por formiid creditably. Frolic, Tho Victim, Littlo Arthur, Klloralio, rorcius. Pentagon, and Coral workod. Bpllringor.Marmion, Goldloiif and Yabba havo arrived from Sydnoy, and Dillon from Adelaido. . Betting is fairly brisk. Aa showing how open tho Grand National Hurdlo Baco is considered, 100 to 8 is ollorod on tho flold. Buanco, Tradition, 'Bollrlngor, Prolio and Lottio havo each been . backed, at. that ilguro; Redloap, PHsoilla arid Dillon aro at 100 to 7, Ho3porus, Havilah, Ixion, Pen tagon and Eliio lit 100 to 0. ... i*or tho Grand National Stooploohnso Fearloss II. remains fivvorito ttt 0 to 1, Sir Wilfred and Tyi-o have boeu siippdrto'd at 8 to 1, May Bo and Blister at 10 to 1, Blair Atliol, Whisporpr II., and Coral at 12 to 1, uud Busaco at 1-1 to 1. Tiio bo3t prico against Bungobali for tlid Caulfiold Cup is 100 to 8, Malvolio being next in dotuimd at 100 to 4. For tho Moibourno Cup Carbine re mains liivorits at 100 to 11. Mr. .T. K. Crooko, proprietor of the AspGiidalo racoconrso, to indued owners to run thoir lioi-sos 'out, is offoring it priwi of i!o0 to tho owner whoso horses ran into n place tho largest number of tiiiios from' tho July to tho next January meeting. Mr. W. C. Cullen, proprietor, of tho Oftkleigh Park Kacecoiirso,- 1ms filed his sdhodnlo. Tho liabilities aro ^30,385, aaaote v£29,920, leaving a iloiicit of, S6t63. This hna considerably complicated mattbrs in connection with the purchase of tho Oak loigh 1'a.ik Course by the Victorian Trot ting Club, tho purchase not having yet been comploted. ' Tho matter of the . appointments of stipendiary steward and haudicapper was considered by the V.R.C committee' this aftornoon, but in view of tho near ap proach of tho annual meeting; it was decided to leave the question of both ap poiutmouts over for the iricouiiug c'om mitteo. It will bo remombored that in May last tho Wyndham Kacing Club stewards, after disqualifying tho jockey Banvard for six months in connection with tho running of Partner, re-opbned the easo on the confes sion of tlfb jockey that he was instructed by tho owner to pull tho horao, and ' the disqualification' of tho jockey was there upou removed, and tho trainer and owuer each disqualified for ten yeara The V.B.O. Committee, at their meeting to-dny, decided that thq: stewards had no porfer to re-open n case once a decision had beon given. Thoy therefore endorsed thd original disqualification of the jockey, but refused to endorse the ten years' disqualifi cation of tho owner and trainer. A similar decision was also arrived at by tlio : com mittee in the case of the disqualification of Wasp and her owner by the Ballarat Miners' Turt' Club uudor similar circum staucoa. . The V.K.C. Committee this afternoon upheld the appeal of B. Bayley, owner, aud tho jockoy Bryans against tho dis qualification of six months inflicted on them iu connection with the running of Miss Tasrna at Aspendale: Tho committee refused to endorse tho disqualification. The disqualification for 12 mouths of the jockey Flood by tho Caulfield stowards for toul riding was endorsed. The V.11.C. Committee decided to-day to agree to recogniso tho disqualifications of the English Joelioy Club. ; A circular on tho matter waa received from the latter body. Melboubne, Monday. me 'iurr. Tlie V.R.C. drand jfational meeting will commenco on Saturday next, and though, there does not appear to bo tlio same ' amount oi' interest taken in the fixture aa iii previous years, judging by tho amount of wagering taking place, I dare aity tho meeting will be a very successful one. The fact is that bookmakers, like everybody else, are suffering from the bad times, and where a short tnuo ago peoplo backed in hundreds they lire now content to invest tenners and ponies. Proceedings on Satur day next will commeuco with tho MAIDEN HURDLE KACE, . which is run over two miles. Thoio aro a number of promising candidates for jump ing houors engaged. Tho pick of the lot are, I think, Westminstkb and Labby Then will follow the TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP, which ia run over six furlongs. Thi3 should go to The Rebel or Lal. Tho third ovont on tho card is the GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE, wliich, in all probability, will attract a big field. Lottie is top woight with 12st 111b and she ia not by any means out of it with that impoat. Tradition, list alb, must havo a show if ho is well, and ii'rolic, list, will take all tho beating that they can give him. Birdie lOst lulb, and Loroy lost 91b, aro a well handicapped pair, and Harbinger, lOst 9lb, it is said, can jump liko a deer. ? Bothwell has plenty of pace, and if ho can jump lOst 31b should not trouble him., Tho Pioneor and Dillon on tlio sauio mark 'are a good deal fanciod. Hesperus, 9st 121b, i3 being trained by Foulsham, and 1 hoar_ great accounts of this horso, though there aro whispers of hia having gone off. Of tho othora'l liko bost Klliij, Goldlouf, Pentagon, Crusoe, and Tho Student. I^-ill placo DILLON ? ... ... 1 Bothwell ... ? 2 . i'uoLic gkBiudie ... ... ... 3 The succeeding event is the MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, in which I liko best tho chances of Tkojan and Gbandwinq. The day's racing will be brought to a conclusion with tho ; . WINTER HANDICAP,' . (ljmile). . '' This may go to : ; , Accident or Raool. '' -. :' ,\ A, promising filly named Tholraa,. by Nowminator, from Harpy, owned by Mr. S. Miller, and ougaged in the Grand National Steeplechase, injured' horsplf so-much by boing brought . down in the Maidon Stoeplechasu at tho Oaklmid ' Hunt Club meeting ou Wednesday that she had to bo destroyed. She was only throo years old. 'The Oaklanda Hunt Club brought off their meeting on tho Caulllold courso on Wedndsday last. Tim weather was fine and the attondanco good. Mr. J. O. Ingli3 started operations by riding Beau Brandon, 12at, to victory in tho Huutors' Hurdlo Raco, in^which his mount started favorite. Kororoit canio down in this men and rolled ovor his rider, Mr. J. E. Brewer, aud it was at first thought that ho was soriously in jured; but ho escaped with a shaking. Tho Maidon Stddplechaso wo» won by a grey golding named Dolphin (by The Diver— Alice), ov/nod by P. Bolger, but ho had ,yory;,littlo;to sparo nt tho finish from Sugar,- who is , rather n proiuiaing jumpdr. J'h-),Opon Hurdle _JKaco foil to Knight of ? the .Glarter; this being UJs first uppearance in'a hurdlo raco. ThisW' of King of tho Aiiglerawag backed for a lit of money in Bnivd'a Melbouruo Cup, and there is no doubt that lie has plenty of-paco. His Victory over the littlo Bticka ut the first at tnmpt, oven by hiu owner, Mr. A. M'Cmckon, win hiWdlj- oxpocted, and ho wont out at a long prico. Ho uurriod lOsfc 'Mb and won vory comfortably, bnt ho will probably bo woll looked after by tho han dicappor whim unit nutnrod for a hurdle raco. Mr. Brewor redo .Luonit into third plftco in this raoo, having roeovorod from hia fall. Ho wuub ono bottor in the Woodlauda Amateur Stei- pleuhnso, in which ho rodo Snip (lliit ^lb) to victory. Aliou, viddou by Mr. Godfrey Watson, looked all over n winner -coming up tho straight, but Snip caught her on thd post and won by. a nnulii Unlp Wiis tho Jtors'd ?Uuib young Mr. K/irqulinf&ifi; via /idlrig in tho. Amateur SteOplefihaso Aiihij Oivk lSinils M«otin'(- last j'ofir wh'oA lidniot with hid dentil, owing to1 his horSo tallingV T''o Selling Riico only brouglit biitthreb star tora', aiid Robiuapn Ortiaoa a daughter) Ayahi woii easily; being afterwards sold to Mr., Gill, for 1U0 soys. :? Knight; witli Martin Burkd in ,'t.lid sftddld; won the Stqoplechaee with I'M 311} lij*, .tllfa ptYi&r; thfco stafterS lliivini nfl slibW hgiiuwp liiiii. Thd last ovont of jth« day'.vjy .'.the' Qloflara Handicap, b'r.l mil&ju;' wHicli Mr. T. Samp son at last sutfeoodod iii gainipg a. irinuiug brackot, hls.well-Br^d but hitherto. disap- pointing mnro Maggie (7Bt, lib) gottlng hdine froiuRofuso. iMaggie.ia by Darobin from Margaret, and her rMoiifi p6rfor mniicdd hrtve been sb bad 'that her Swfio'r ddcided. to' soiid lidr'ito tlifl, stud uftdfjior poor 'display nt SJ^torniCii'J:, liiifc' .gavo lie'r ,0110 last cl|aucd. of ...retrieving her reputation oh tlip turf.; Now tlmt she lias proved that slio is not' such a duller ns was generally thought, I suppose Mr. Sampson will give ttio friaro other oppor tunities of proving wh'aii slto is' made of. Corrigan had hiscollar-bone brqkdn by Stowpan falling with Tiim in tlio Hurdle Race; and ho irinj* iiofc bti able to tKlto piir't in thd V.R.C Grand Natioiml; Meeting. Corrijjan wi'isdraggod albng;tho ground by tlio uiiirfi. foi^ .soiao di^'taiicd, .and only cscapod sbrioua injury Cjr.iiis cle'vorhosa in regaining his feet. IfiSvas sfrmd time after tUti aceidorit thn'fc'it was discbVorbd liis collar-bohe was broken. That cloyor ydiing ljglit-^bigiit jockey. Flood, baa at last conie to ' grief. Jdik'o a good many riders' before him/ ho has been spoiled by success. . That ho is a aplendid horseimm there.can bo no donbtj bnt the succoss that has attended his efforts of Into has hud rather a bad effect updre his head; which lias bee'bnie tbo large for an ordinary sizfcd hat. Ho rbdb Raoul iii the Richmond Handicap itt Caulfield oii the 30th inst. in rather an erratic, fashion, tho chances of sa'veral libraes in tlio, race being interfered with, ithereby.. The. stewards inquired into the matter . on AVednesday last, and* decided to disqualify him for twelve months for foul riding. . Another clover Iiglit:wiSight jockey, John Hayes, has also been put oir tho hoif'fb'f tweh'd months': He' rodo Drif fiold in tlio Jlidwinter Jffaiidicap nt the Monto^iio Meeting on Friday, and, the stewards coiisidered. the running of the colt so suspicious that they decided- to dis qualify him, thn rider; and tlio owner (J. B. Ronnison) for a year. The' face was won' by PtSki'iha's brother; Briton, isp 121b, who started an fcv'dn iuoney t'aS'o'rite, and got hoViip on the post a head in f roilt of Adonis, list 71b'. I'hd' Selling Hurdle Baco foil to Baiigio, who] beat Gulpha, the favorite, by a head only. Mr.S. CJ.Gook's colt, The Jester, followed up hia Aapondale success by pulling off the1 Trial Stakes,- for which Rossall, who' . started- pr6tty hot goods, was second. Mr. D. Greohiiwa'yj tho owner of the tatter1, pnf ,£00u Sii Him: Tho Hiuidicap Hurdlo Race proved n' soft thing for The Dovoj; Ost 1-alb/ riddon by Barbour; The winner is- a irveiyear^ old golding by Hamlet, hailing fibnr tho 'SVe'storu District^ which lias providod tis witrr so niniij' JiurVile'^actfrs a'nd ateop'le clinsSrs.' ..Mr., H. i OxoKliaui's cliescnut gelding Handover, ;llat., 'lib, ran Becoud, and though _, he cauie with, a great run at tho finish, he liadu'b a ghost of a show against tho winner, who promises to turn out a- clinker; C-'olleen Jiinay by Giofious; Waa retnrned the; winner of the Disposal Stakes, and wnav nfterwar'da bfiuglit in By Kis1 ownor, Sir. W. J. Buck' (of bdxuig fame), for ..£95. \ Tlie '' last event of'.tho day, the Meiitpne Handicap, resulted in a dead heat between Occident 7st 3lB,n-nd Mastar Walter 7st 01b, the lattor winning the run off. Mr.- John Whitfctrigha'ui; owner of Propounder, Prattle^ Spokes man, &c;, gavo ^£2-15 for Msistei' Walter in May, and tho ex'-Queohs'lauu'ei' has' won for his new owner at the first time of ask ing. The son of Newbold haa 7st in the Caulfield Gup,' for which he is vory often nibbled at nt a long price. Maggio filled third placo to the dead-neuters. Knight of the Garter has incurred a 101b penalty in the Grand National Hurdle Race, and Knight haa a- similar penalty in the Grand National Srao/jleelmsd. The Governor patronised tho Bendigo meeting last week. Tho prinoipal event, tho Handicap Steoplechnse- fell to King Tom II, 'Jst 111b, who was ridden by the English (or rather Irish) jockey Brazil, and His Excolleaey afterwards compli mented Brazil on his plucky riding. Lady Wildo was returned tho winner of tho Handicap Hurdle Race, and Master Jack (by The Diver) was successful in the Soiling Hurdlo Raco. Approbatldn continued iii a winning vein, and the Selling Race full to him, while Forest King (by First King) appropriated the Winter Handicap. Tho V.A.T.C. stewards at a meeting to day (Monday) decided that in future liorses must not bo trained over the Steeplechase course proper ut Caultield, as horses using that courso havo advantagd ovdi? animals trained at other places. The schooling fences only may be iisod in future, i Football. A cold, biting wind, accompanied by drizzling rain, which blow on Sutnrtlay a'tornoon, mado things anything but comfortablo for tbo spectators at tbo various football matches, but tho players themsolves didn't seom to mind it. Chief mtorost centred in the meet ing of tho Gcolonjf and Fitsroy. Tho lattor club ba-vo been playing very consistently^ but thoir bost frionds hardly thought thorn capable of putting down Goeloir'ij ? but they did, and that pretty easily, tho final result being Fitzroy 5 goals 0 bohinds, Goolong 3 goals G bohimlB. The Goolong boys wore at ono timb lookeJ upon aa ' doad birds ' for tho Premiership, but thoy appear to bo out of -' tho running altogether now, having lost throe matches out of seven. Sout Melbouruo and Eascndon have eich played ton riiatchea, llio former only having a draw ^representing two points) againat them, and the former a defeat and a draw (ropro«enti%' six points). Carlton aro only two points beliiud Eoaoudon, having won sovon'out of nino matahos, while Fitzroy aro two 'points' belling Caritbn. Tlio othof matchoB on Saturday resulted : Emondon beat Port Jlolbourmr'jyU goals to 1 goal, Carlton boat Richmond by 8 goals to '1 goals, Mel bourne beat North Moibourno by 9 goaU to 2 goals; South Melbourne boat Kootsoniy by i goals to 1 goal. St. Kilda boat Wil liauistown by 3 (?o»i(i to 1 coal. .Tlio big match of llio saason, that botwoun Carlton and South Mblbourne, will take Elaco on Saturday uoxt ' on ? the Mol ourno Cricket Ground. If tho weathor bo flno thoro will bo cloao' on1 30,000' pooplo present to wiluc»a it. I fauco Cnrltou will Golf. Tho nowly-introducod Sootch (jamo, golf, has caught on wondorf ully in ; Mulbounio, u largo number of intluontial pooplu tnklng-.un. ititoroat in it.'« Tho giiino is simple, enough. Small holes about 4in doop aro madovdn.a suitabla strotah of turf at iutorvalF) of from lOOyds to SOOyds, and the objoct of tho player ia to drivo a small gutta-percha ball from ono hole to anothor with ft club. The pltiyor wlio Buccoodn in, holing his ball in tho fowo* number of strokes if) the winner. Tho formal opoulng of tho ceoontly. formed local olub took place oh Saturday on a suitable pises of ground lit CfinlSold, lent by Sir Matthew DaviuB,{ths Bpenkor of tlio LcgialativotAa Bombly. A suooessful luncheon, ut which congratulatory apoebbes wore mado, waa hold boforo tlio commoncomeut; of play. Tho various games during tlio aftornoou woro Watched by a lAryo orowd of p»-*)lo. 