[host; (THE -AMAinilTE CASUAL). CHAPTER I. 1 ; J A M ^ G ^ E N W O O D ; Mrs. QJiirard was .••a-* wise woman.? ^Enquire —' "quietly, mind yon, and as though you were aware tbat her whereabouts was something Of a secret and one to be respected—enqniro, I say, in the locality'Where Mrs. Glizzard resides' and you would find fifty, people ready Id xjg^rrobofBte my assertion. j I am not myself a> believer in wi tchcraft, or in any other form of devilry, nor! am I inclined to put faith in the opinion popular in Popsbort-street, Eotherhithe, that the old la !y in "^ueBlion eouldr Oot possibly encompass;ifi^ ^arioua r ticklish jobs she took in hand,di<J she not receive direct assistance Irom the father of enU - All the Bamcior ithat,"8he was ' wise.' How else could it be accounted for that, having nothing but her wits to depend-oh for a livelihood, she managed to live so much , better - than anybody about her. The entire neighbourhood, generally speaking, was comprised-of the unfortunate Drudge family, the sweating members of •whieJi grind their btmea to make their bread, morning, noon, and night, and Sunday's as well as week-days, one room being as a rule apportioned to each family. But lire. Glizzard, though living alone, could ffford to pay rent for two rooms. Her sitting-room.' where she saw her •clients, was cosily furnished, including a brass fender and a hearthrug. Her bed •was a feather one. The potman from , the "Weaver's Arms brought her a pint of the best stout at dinner, and again at Euppcrtime; and when she sent to the butcher for a chop, that tradesman, on being' infarmed who it was for, invariably cut one from the middle of the loin, and unhesitatingly charged a shilling a pound for it. It n ight be that it was somewhat in the ophidian sense, but that Mrs. Glizzard was a wise woman I maintain. Among the other luxuries Mrs. Glizzard indulged in was a morning newspaper, and at the time she is introduced to the reader, she is comfortably eneconsed in her: easy-chair, by the window, reading the same. Probably it was her being such an ugly old woman that first put it itrto Mrs. Glizzard's mind to"set up as a witch. Had they lived in the same age, she might, from her appearance, have been Mother Shipton's own sister. She had a peaked chin, with a hooked nose overhanging her retreating lips, a moosecoloured moustache, bushy eyebrows, and such a pronounced squint in her left eye, that, as she sat in the window perusing the newB, it seemed as -though the last mentioned optic was all the time on special duty to see that no intruder wept in at the door. In strict privacy, and eepecially of mornings, Mrs. "Glizzard wore as a daytime head-dress the same 'frilled nightcap that covered her cranium during the nocturnal hours.; but when sho -was visible .to customers, her head-gear consieted of a blood-red hot, with a steeple crown, of precisely the pattern of that ef the mother of witches. aB she is depicted on the cover of the -fortune-telling book, bestriding her birch-broom steed on a journey to the moon. Mrs. Glizzard was not so deeply interested in her newspaper but that she could spare an occasional glance from the window, to note what was going on in the street below. And presently catchicg up her crutch-6fick she shook it vengeful lias she muttered, squinting down into the roadway below— 'Ah, you hateful hound! To strike the poor little girl so brutally! Your own little daughter too! It is well I have not the witch-power fools give me credit for, or I would make it hot for you, Phil Pilbeam, for that cruel act.' Nor was the malevolent adjuration inexcusable. The individual she called Phil'Filbeam wrs an unwholesome looking fellow, shabby and slipshod, and of unsteady gait, although it was not much past ten o'clock. Be was stogge ing along the pavement, and holding on by the skiit of his slovenly long jacket, a child—a little girl—of three or lour years old, trotted by his side. Sho was wcetully ragged and thin and negleetedlooking, poor little creature, and she was crying and looking u.p in the man's face as* though begging for something. Perhaps it was fofeome breakfast. Anyhow, turning suddenly on her with a scowl and an oath; lie shook her off, at the same time administering a cuff to the fair little head, that 6ent the child staggering to the wall. And then, -with both hands thrust deeply into his trousers pockets, Phil Pilbeam went slouching on alone. 'A drunken, shiftless wretch,' continued Mrs. Glizzard, istill peering after him through the closed casement. * Who would think to look at him now/ that five years since he was a smart man— smart enough, more is the pity, to win the heart of that silly little gad-fly, Lucy Thorne. It waB so romantic to fell in bve with a sun-burnt sailor fellow who had beetf wrecked, or so he said, in the Indian seas, and his life spared by the savages who captured him, only that they valued him' for his skill as a carpenter, l'oor Lucy! It seems not so long since that she was a little child, not; bigger than that unfortunate babe by the wall, and I -was her god-mother! / '' ' : ' That was belore—he 1 'lie!—before" I studied the black -art. She never knew; it as a grown up girl, and her mother never told her." Well, well I a witch god-mother was not much to brag about, and she died rever knowing who it was that sent her many and many a meal while she was lying ill ond half-starved with that brnte jack Gbmp&tz;—I beg his pardon, -Phil Pilbeam—wasting his paltt y earnings, at. a public, house.' And then "MIB. Glizzard went on with vf-, her breakfast, • which was; spread on: a 1 email table by her chair, reading her paper between whiles. y ' .„."'";" (She -was glancing through" the advertisements, when pr^aently she gave a start, and uttering!the unwitch-like ejaculation of '.(teod Lord A'mighty,!' dropped the' newspaper infl aftV Hari"! blanHylieibre her. Tlien she wiped her spectacles on a corner of the tablecloth, and took-up the paper again. j irfi ^mm ~ "'It iS'jnst abont the mostTastonisliing thing lb at I ever heard of!' shB exclaimed, when having fully satMed herself that her eyes had not deceived ^©r, /sh tromher chairand paced the room) yfjBi, of all pbdplej xjkglUiaitSe? iritlt his battered old hat and his old boots, shuffling through the mnd, most likely without a sixpence/in ^iis pocket. Can he read, I wonder ? But that will make no difference. Somebusybody is sure to tell him. But no one about here knows him by his proper name, and it may not be noticed. Oh, if I could do him a good turn!' \ , | And. still pacing the room, ' with' corrugated brows and her lips so tightly compressed that her nose and chin seemed scarce an inch apart, Mrs. GliaKard pondered the matter. - -At length it appeared that her cogitation" took shape, though in -an'odd Bort^f'wsy, for, she went to a cupboard inff'brotojght'-oiit a footstool, two of the legs of -which were broken short offL jlhen she sat at the window again, pot^o res^ ^he-newspaper, b\\.t to. watch, and, after some- time,"'who should she see returning but Phil Pilbeam. It be had sixpence in his pocket when he passed an hour before, it was'probably reduced to fourpence by this time, for Phil was lesssober,by atlea&t; a 'pint' now than then. Putting onherpleasantest look, Mrs. Glizzard opened the window and called down to him. She, had not spoken to him'.for a couple of years or more, nor did . Mr- Pilbeam care to Buliivate her acquaintance." (•Abignorant and superstitious man, be had the' fullest belief in her necromantic ability, knd was afraid of her. * She called to him by name, and he pretended not to hear, and would have £assod on his way, despite a second calling, only that he felt it would pertmps be all the worse for him if he offended her. . • . I have got a little carpentry job for you, Mr. Pilbeam,' she said, when he at last looked up, ' if yoa are not too busy to'do it.' And on that he knocked at the door and was let in, and went up to her room. The footstool was-the job, and as she promised him. a " shilling _ for doing it, and it would take him scarcely an hour, it put him in a talkative humour. ' And how do you find business, Mr. PilbeamT' she asked him, affably. ' How do I find it, ma'am ?' and he converted, a rising hiccough into a sigh, 'I don't find it. I am just sick and sore looking for it. I am not one of the lucky ones, ma'am. I am not one of those—as the saying' is—who have the devil's luck and their own too—if you will excuse me using such an expression,' he hastily "added, bethinking him to whom he was speaking. ' No ; things don't seem very flourishing with you,' remarked Mrs.-Glizzard. You had best kept single, perhaps.' Phil Pilbeam caught at that at once. ' That has been my ruin and downfall, ma'am!' and his tipsy eyes growing watery, he dabbed them with, what looked like a dirty old duster be took froai his jacket-pocket. ' She is dead and gone now, and I've no wish to be hard on her ; but it was my misfortune, ma'am, to be cussed with a bad wife.' Mrs. Glizzard poked the fire with unnecessary violence ere she made answer. A bad one, was she?' Well, perhaps not what might be called a regular wicked one,' said the drunken rascal; 'not a fighter and a scratcber and one given to kicking up rows; but wuss than that—leastways to my way of thinking. A fighter and a scratcher a man can cope with, giving it her back in her own coin. But what, ma'am, is a poor fellow to do with a wife he can't as much screw a complaint out of? A woman who, when she finds herself growing a bit weak and queer, gives way and throws up the bit of work by which she was earning a few shillings, and, as I may say, maliciously places herself on a sick-bed, and there she lays, not wanting vittals herself and not caring a cuss if I got any or went without.' ' Uetter dead JI hundred times,' remarked Mrs. Glizzard. 'Better dead five-hundred times, I say, ma'am. And'then, ackshally, on the" lying pretence that I could get work to do" if I liked,, the.parish won't give her a funeral and I have to take a job. a penny an Tiour •under ' t^ade-union prices, to nay the undertaker.; Abd knowing ^ atoutthali Jh'ey chuck; it in iny teeth to tSus day about my not going to my wife's funeral!' 'It would have been a mockery ifyou had done so, I think.' 'Of course it would, Mrs. Glizzard, and I am very glad that you hold with me. It'is pleasant to find somebody., one can speak his mind to. I'll tell you, though,' and he laid his hand con-' fidentially oh the -witch's; arm,- ' there v&b;'om thing I was' sorry -for as/to that funeral.' —•' ' And what-was that? Don't mind „ to pie.' . ,, I was sorry. and have been to this 4ay, tkatehe didn't tnfee the yonng tin witfijwr.*•" : - ! ;» -J- ; ' Ton find the fchild am encumbrance, eh?' Pilbeam laughed derisively. •Encumberance isn't the word, ma'am. I find her a cuss, gee the drag she is on me! And just like her mother, with Her mild-eyef snivelling ways. 8ho don't -even yell out when she's spanked, like another child^wfiuldr but sits sobbing to herself—confound herl: I wish she was dead!' ----- t « Well, why don't you kill her ?' . Mrs, <Jlizzard never looked 'so mlich like a witch as when Ihe contrived to tning her squinting eye to bear on anyone to whom she was speaking. As che deliberately asked Pilbesm the above question, she fixed him with her ebatic optic. He changed colour, but taiade no reply. [« Why not ?' continued Mrs. Glizzard 'ffou have thought about it times enough, I know that! Why don't you db it?' ' (Phil moved his head so as to get out range of the diabolical eye, and then th a short laugh he replied— ; < Hah! its one thing to wish it done, a^d another thing to do it. D'ye w undar8tond^what l mean, mum? Pd be glad enough if it was done, bat— 'Yoa are afraid of the consequences ?' Phil nodded. 'And shall I tell you what thecoj sequences won!j"be—if it was pnijjper managed, mindl' * 'Ah! teU me? - ' You would have the devil's luck, and your own as well—like those you were speaking of, and envying a while ago.' Phil looked over his shoulder, and finding that the room tfoor was a little way open, hejin^rpt^ /s- tw^ - a ' Why hpwdo jrou malc^liiatoafc' said he, ' that tho one thing links along with the other?' ^ ' It doeWt matter how,' but so it is, I tell y<iu. Not bwt that it* ih easy to give you a reason. If yoa want favours from any one, you take care in the iirst place to please him, don't you!' 'And what makes you think that,' (he did not say what) ' ybyTd .plaaSe' him,' Phil asked, with a^nervoue grin*- Mrs. Glizzard chuckled in a way that gave Pilbeam a sensation of 'gooseflesh J down the whole length of his back. ' I've had dealings enough with him to know his likes and dislikes, I think ?' she made answer. 'There is money enough in store for you, I tell you, if you have got courage to show •ywupelf worthy of it. Til answer forJhatJjQypu could do it easily ? A weakly poor little mite, with no more life in it tEftn a rushlight!' She had long since brought- 'the squinting eye to bear on him again, and while she was speaking, he was under the baleful influence. Ho was sober enough now, and knew perfectly^ well what she meant - \\\ *•'. > . ' How could you answer for it,' he asked her, as he again took out the old duster not to wipe his eyes, but to brush away the beady drops from hie forehead. 'Since it is. so certain/ hp added; cunningly, ' and you can answer ior it, would you advance anything on account ? A bit of gold, I mean ?' Mrs. Glizzard chuckled again. ' Why what a red-hot man of business you . have become all on .a sudden ? Money down," eh ? Before the work is done. Before it is seriously thought of! There! We won't talk any more I have said too much already. Take this old stool, Phil Pilbeam, and mend it, and bring it back, and you shall have the shilling.' ' * "> ' No, let us talk about,the—the other,'; and Phil put his tongue round his mouth to moisten it.; it had suddenly grown dry. ' Let us talk about it I have heard all about you, Mrs. Glizzard, but I only half-believed it. Can a man get the devil's luck and his own by bargaining for it ?' ' That's a plain question and shall have a plain answer. He can !' ' And would that be bargaining for it; the child I mean ?' ' That would make it a bargain; as good as signed and sealed. ' You, are sure ?' ' Quite sure! As I have already told you, I will answer for it.' ' Then,' whispered Phil Pilbeam,' Fll do it! Tell me how. And what about the—what about her after she is dead ?' ' The body you mean ?'• ' Yes, can you help "me ? I'll pay you well when my new luck brings me plenty of money. I'll agree in writing to do so if you like.' She got him pen, ink and paper. ' Write as I tell you then:—' Thereby declare that it was I who killed my child, Lucy. Now sign it, • ' Ph il Pilbeam.' Now I will lend you the bit of gold yon asked for!' And she took out her leather money-bag and gave him a half-sovereign. * And I'will tell you what-to do beside. Wait until it is dark and give her this powder. She will be lifeless ten minutes after she has taken it. And I will help you further than that. Put the body—it is a very small one—in a bag or Eack, and bring it straight to me here.' They talked no more about the broken footstool. Leaving it behind him, Phil Pilbeam, having pocketed the half sovereign, took his departure without -a word. ' After dark Mrs. Glizzard kept watch at her window, and "between nine and ten o'clock, Pjlbeam came down the street with a bulky parcel,'wrapped in a canvas Lag, under his arm. Mrs. Glizzard slipped down the, stairs and noiselessly opened the street door, just as Phil came up, with a face the hue of wood-ash, and took the parcel from him. For a person in the pay of DiaboluB, she had an odd way of preparing for the reception of the bodies of the foully slain. A bright little saucepan, with some delicious beef-tea in it, had been simmering on the hob for an hour or more, and within a^quarter of an hour the dead child was restored to life, and, none the worse for the powder, seated on the warm hearth-rug hungrily eating her supper. (To It continued.) 