Parliament re-assembled on Tuesday with, much pomp and parade. The session has come in like a lamb ; but it is quite possible that the roaring of the lion, and very possibly the braying of the ass, will be heard before it is many weeks old. As a cbcir;st watches with keen eyes the various combinations which his liquids undergo when ming led together with new and ncertain | constituents, so watch the leaders of the political parties to see the effect of the introduction of a new Government programme, and of those elements which arc introduced from the background, unobserved by the public' eye, but often with the most potent effect. The atmosphere of Parliament was sunshiny. The Ministry had a very fair programme of public business to present, and the direct opposition had decided that it woold not delay pro* ceedings by uselessly debating the address in replv- Hence there was very little show of fighting, and for the day peacc prevailed. But how hollow that peace is likely to be is indicated by the state of the three parties into which the House is now divided. The Monro Mir;stry met Parliament with 26 -?;rect sup porters ; the straight Opposition num bered but 11, while the corner benches — the seats of the Independents, were crowded with no less than 42 members, i The control of Parliament is, therefore, in the hands of the Independents, who number more than both Aliristcrial and Opposition members put together— pro- vided that there is any cohesion be tween the members. We are, however, sufficiently cynical to believe that the couers at the present time form only a cave of Adullum, in which are gathered together those who are disaffected, tbose whose hands are against their feliow men, with a small sprinkling of those who consci nnffnnslvmlnDt an indenendent noBition. I Evidently enough there are no parties I in the old-fashioned sense of the word, I for the freetrader and the protectionist lie down together, and the conservative , and radical pin their cards on adjacent seats. The 13 members not accounted for on the opening day will, probably, sot alter the strength of parties to any gre&tdegree.; its. candid friends without committing themselres to actual support ; while the labor representatives who . sit behind the treasury benclies are rather a source of weakness than strength, if we may take the maiden speech of Mr. Hancock as a criterion. It is possible that if the Ministry stick clo6e to business on. the lines of economy and efficiency it will command respect ' in the country, with a corresponding I support in the House, enabling it to pull through the sessions, and to go to the country next February with a greatly improved following* Yet it is morally certain that if any weak spot is exposed by Mr. Munbo or his little camp the guerillas of the corners will take advantage of it to make an attack in force upon the treasury benches. The safety of the Ministry lies, as we have indicated, in proceeding quietly with practical legis lation, and in the internal divisions among those who may be disposed to rank themselves as foemcn. The great want of the Assembly at the present time is that of capable leaders. Mr. Gillies has had his day. I His long occupancy of the treasury j benches lulled him to slumber, or rather j to a dreamy existence akin to that of the Lotus-caters. ! 'Ab.why 1 Should life all labor be ? Let us alone. Time driveth onward fast, And in a. little wh;ie our lips are dumb. While to him the treasury benches from his distant side of the House mftist seem difm and shadowy. ' All Inth suffcr'd change ; For surely now our household hearths arc cold, Monro inherits us ; oar looks arc straugc j And vie should come like ghosts to trouble joy Or else the treasury fledgeling over boldj Have cat oox substance, aud the minstrel sings Before thum of the eight years reign of power, And my great deedp, as half-foisot^en things. Is tbeic confusion in the busy House f Let what is broken do retnsiu. The Gods are bard to reconcile ; 'Tis bard to settle order once & :ain.' Alfbed Deikin, with his brlliaucy of spcecli, his capacity for manufactur ing newspaper copy out of the flimsiest material, is too unsubstantial to lead, the House, He may charge like a Bupcrt, but he lacks the judgment and solidity of a Cromwell. Sir B. O'Loghlek has many good points, but it is notorious that he cannot command the confidence of the Assembly. Lieut. Colonel Smith lias retired into the rank of the veterans, while Mr. Wrixon is, as he always has been, too flexible. It is self-evident that for the immediate future we must anticipate comparatively weak ministries, led by inexperienced generals. The old campaigners h&vc; gone; the young ones have but half won their spurs. The electric light has now been in stalled in Prahran sufficiently long to enable the public to judge of its merits in contradistinction to those of gas. As to the arc lights there will be no differ ence of opinion. Their brilliancy has given quite a new feature to our streets by night, and that once gruesome road leading to the Church-street hwdga *= now altogether transformed. Where the incandescent lights have been intro duced into shop windows the result has also been an unqualified success. A new lustre is added to the shopkeepers' wares, and especially in the case of a jeweller's stock, the brilliancy with which the window sparkles really adds to the sell'ng value of the goods. Hut there remains yet much to be desired so far as the incandescent lamps which have replaced the street lamps are concerned. Possibly the light, if tested, woi^d be found sot inferior to gas light ; 'but for practical purposes it certainly appears inferior. The electric light may diffuse itself more in the air, but it lacks the clear ness of the gas. Standing under a gas light one may read tolerably small print — we are speaking of the gaslight which Ihe company have supplied since confronted by electricity, and not of the dim apology of 12 months ago ; but tL'*s with the incandescent light is impossible. The Jight burns with a , dull glow, instead of with that clear- ! ness which we are accustomed to' associate with elecl.-icity, whether be cause the carbonized wick is insufficient, or that the force of the current is not sufficiently strong, we, in our technical ignorance, cannot teTf. Electric lighting prozr:ses to be in the long run the cheapest, as it is the easiest managcdilluTr:nant. The multi plication of ? rghts will result in a gradual reduction of the cost, while it is certainly a novelty to dispense with 1 the lamplighter's sen Ice. We call I attention to the defect we have men- i tioned so that, if possible, it may be remedied, rather than the incandescent ' light shorM be rendered unpopular. j ===== I The forthcoming manicipal election campaign, wl''cb has been so freely dis cussed during the' past few weeks, has at last began in real earnest, fill-. Charles B. CoQQBel being the first to enter the arena. Oo Thursday last a number of influential gcatlewcu waited upon Mr. Counsel and ; presented him with a requisition signed by 250 ratepayers oE tbe city of Prahran, askjnxr l*im to allow himself to be nomin ated for the Prahran ward. The deputa tion assured him of their hearty support, Aud Mr. Counsel acceded to Lberoqocst, feel- ing that he could not do otherwise in the face o C such a flattering requisition as that with ' which he had keen honored, la our advertising columns Mr, Counselannonnces : his candidature, Next week it is expected j that the battle will be in fall swing in the oiher wards of the city, as well as at St. KiJda and elsewhere. j Wednesday last was the anniversary j j of the birth of one of our most respected I I citizens, Mr. Joseph Crook, Ibe well»knowa J architect, of Prahran, who reached bis sixtieth year on that day. His old friends j anxious to congratulate him ; but they were doomed to disappointment as Mr. Crook preferred to cclebratc the anspicious oco&elou; in the bosom of his family. May _.JVe lgabn TH AT/Major Hoad, who was recently elected president of the Prahran branch iif the Australian Natives^ Assocla tion, lias resigned the position, some .outside influence, at which we arc unable to jget at the bottom', being, it is said, the cause, fresh nominations for the position will be taken at the next meeting of the branch. Who ib to be MAyob I is a subject now being discussed by the local council lors, At Prahran. .there is likely to be a division of feeling, and of the three names mentioned, vis., Ors, Jones, Watson, and Skinner it is difficult to form an opinion as to the result. Or. Watson who has un doubtedly the first claim by virtue of seniority as a councillor is not likely to accept the position on this occasion for private reasons ; so that the honor will , fall either to Crs. Jones or Skinner. Both are good men, and cither would fill tbe ' important office creditably. At St. Hilda | it is generally believed that Cr. Marriott is I the favorite, and in all probability he will ' rece»re the highest honor at the disposal of bis brother councillors. The Pbahrak codat on Thursday had a very small charge list to deal with, and only one debt case ;and yet the business was strung out for over two hours, a con siderable amount of this time being wasted over the hearing of a charge against a man -for stealing a bag of oats valued at 6s. Despite the paltry nature of the charge, it was made a 'deposition' case, and Mr. Dwyer, the clerk of the court, had to write out in bis very best hand every material word, uttered by half-a-dozcn witnesses. Thifi nmra tea it naturally nf thp mnct. tedious description as witnesses will blunder and gabble over perfectly irrele vant matter, and, moreover, shorthand being rigidly eschewed in law courts — possibly because it would expedite business — the effort of taking down the evidence in longhand necessarily wastes precious time. In this instance the proceeding was simply farcical — even though strictly legal — as after hearing a weighty mass of evidence, the bench put their heads together and curtly discharged the prisoner, We suppose the depositions were taken for fun. That French cbitique on Madame Uernhardt's acting in ' Camilic ' which coruscated in these columns last Wednes day has been much canvassed bythe?W-£ nunc* of tbe district, sever, il facetious friends having even gone so far as to send in what they term the ' correct solution.' This is crueL Our French reporter has no connection with the puzzle editor. Other readers have been 6cen in the public library with this journal spread out before them, and ponderous big enough for tombs — scattered in wild confusion in a determined attempt to find out our French* polished opinion of In divine tragedienne. We arc not in tbe habit of going behind our words, and, therefore, we have no hesitation in repeating our italicised asser tion that Qitand nous auron* fcrit que Sarah est vn genie nou* auron* tout dit, and we defy the most prcsamptuous to deny it. Translations of the critique will be forwarded on receipt of a bank note. Sea that you get none but the genuine article. Our Wednesday's issde conMincd, amongst other matter, report of the St. . Eilda council meeting ; Armadale Quad I rillc Assembly's ball and list of ladies' I dresses ; critique on Madame Bernhardt, ' written in French; report of the Bible 1 Christian Church anniversary ; social at the South Yarra Home ; leader on the ' One man, odc vote 'principle as applied to municipal institutions; correspondence on 1 the same subject, and also on St. Matthew's i and All Saint's Church squabbles j numer ous topical and pithy notes. A large deputation representing nil the municipalities in the metropolitan area waited on the Minister of Health on Wednesday to urge that a bill should be presented to Parliament as soon as possible to provide for tbe construction of i desiccators or destructors, and ensure a ; better system of dealing with the nighUoil question thAU exists under present circum stances. The deputation was the outcome of a conference called together by the St, Kilda council; and Cr. Jacoby as a delegate from that corporation urged Mr. Turner to give tbe municipalities the benefit of his experience, and formulate a bill which should be both practical and satisfactory. The delegates, amongst whom were Crs. Tutjcr, Skinner, and Maddock, of Prahran, and Cr, Stillman, of Malvern, had previously taken part in the conference on the subject of providing suitable sites for the desiccatois* As the conference had adjoorned for a month, the Minister said that a bill which was in course of preparation would receive his careful consideration ; but he world prefer to do nothing in the matter until the conference had decided on the question of sites, which it is expected it will do in about a month. Mr. James Mason, who some time ago generously made an offer of £1,000 towards purchasing an organ for tbe St. EMda Town-hall, has made arrangements to confer with the council on the subject, to endeavour to devise some means whereby that sum can be made available in a manner satisfactory to all concerned. Tbe offer was originally made consequent upon the town hall being crected on the present 6itc ; but owing to certain complications which subsequently arose, the matter was ; shelved from time to time. Mr. Mason is desirous of fulfilling his promise in such a manner that the most benefit to the city may -be obtained from his donation, and he ; will attend at tbe next meeting of the council when it is hoped a satisfactory settlement of the difficulty will be arrived . at j Cb. Skinner, at the last meeting o( the Prahran council, made a strong complaint against the neglected etaU of theapproaohes on the north side of the Hawksburn railway station. Cr. Skinner is not alone in his condemnation. Everp passenger compelled to traverse the portion alluded to will endorse the co jiplaint with three fold force. After a little rail the thoroughfare i& simply a sea of mud owing to the ineffective means of carrying off the water. If the commissioners could be compelled to wade through this filth twice a day at the present time, as so many hare to do, there is very little doubt but that an improvement would be effected ; but to merely throw down a few shovelfuls of loose metal here and there as at present is simply to add insult to injury. An imDortent station tike this, at which over £15, GOO per year is taken, ccrfainly deserves to be kept in something like decent order. WE have Nor been able to complete , our arrangements for the production of ( another addition to Our Gallery of j roriTaitB'io-dny.ias j-romiBcd ; so that its j The TaANKs op oub local bank mana gers at Prahran have just been recruited by a worthy addition,-ia the person of Mr, W. M. Wesslink, who, as we havc'prevlously. announced, has assumed the maiagement of the Federal Bank of Australia, vice Mr. George Ciipperton resigned. Mr. Wesslink hails from Haymarket, animportantsuburb of Sydney, where he has held the manage ment of the local branch of the bank for the past; two years, and with considerable success, judging from the manner in which he was feted prior to removing to Victoria. By the customers of the bank he has been particularly appreciated, and in the social world he has also won the esteem of all classes of the community by his urbanity and straight forward manner. The gather ings held in his honor at Haymarket, wc learn from a Sydney contemporary, took the form of a farewell outing at Sandring ham ; a Masonic gathering arranged by bis brother members of the my6tic craft, with whom he is very popular ; and a public banquet given by his friends and constitu ents of the bank, at which the highest en comiums were passcd upon our new citizen, a cheque for £25 being presented by his friends in appreciation ot bis worth ; and finally, he was entertained by a few Syd ney admirers just prior to leaving for Melbourne. In responding to the kindness shown to him Mr. Wesslink expressed his regret at parting from the many warm friends he had made in Sydney ; but stated that the delicate health of his wife neces sitated a change. Wherever he had been he had always been treated with the utmost kindness, and he would always look back on his days at Haymarket with the most pleasurable feelings. We can only say that we very heartily welcome such a valu able citizen amongst us. The TbespjAns, that bright little comedy, dramatic, and musical club which is so deservedly popular in Prahran, have completed arrangements for the production of Burnand's farcical comedy ' Betsy,*' to be given on Thursday evening next at the Prahran Town-hall. For some time past those in the caste have been assiduously rehearsing to such advantage that it is anticipated they will eclipse all previous performance; on this occasion. The caste, an exceedingly strong one, by the way, is as follows : — Dick Talbot, Mr. D. Logau ; Mr. Birkctt, Mr. W. H. Bishop ; Adolphus, Mr. R. H. Scott ; Captain McManus, Mr, E. Varley ; Mr. Dawson, Mr. W. B. lnirwell j Betsy, Miss Bits Leslie ,* M23, Birkctt, Miss Josephine Sainuell ; Mrs. McManus. Miss Maggie Corcoran ; Madame Polenta. Miss Lilian Leeds ; Clara Peyton, Miss Alice Walker, and NcU'e Bassett, Miss Eva Sylvester. The vexed question with municipal councillors regarding the appointment of trustees of public reserves was the subject of a conference at the Melbourne Town hall on Wednesday, when it was resolved to induce the government to effect an amendment in the present usage, qualifying a councillor for office as trustee of public reserves or institutions only so long as he retained the position of councillor for tbe municipality he was elected to represent At Prahran and elsewhere, trustees who have long since abandoned muivcipal lifot persist in their right to the office of trustee j and thus is held to be as uojust as it is uu. satisfactory, ex-councillors not being in touch with the local requirements of the day. It is to be regretted that these gentle should so stubbornly refuse to yield to whit *s prudent, thereby necessitating the amendment now suggested by the munici palities. St. Kilda possesses in young Harry Waugh, stepson of Mr. Charles Prince, a bom artist, as has been evidenced by the many productions from his brush and pen cil, his taste and handiwork haying frequently been called into requisition when illuminated addresses have been re quired for local presentations. He has been successful in carrying off the gold mcdnl at the Baliarat J uveniie Exhibition for the best watcr-color drawing. The picture is executed in a highly creditable manner, and represents the four seasons, the three winter scenes bring very pretty designs, while the floral display is most effective. Mr. Waugh is to be congratulated on the pos session of talent that should bring him into great promincuee. A matrimonial gase was beard on Thursday before Mr. O'Meara, P.M., the Mayor, and Messrs. Batcman, Sykc9, Michell, Church, and Hornblower, J%P. The defendant was George Turner, a cadavcrous-look*ng man, whose wife, Margaret, told the bench that he had tried to choke ber, and had chewed her fingers. The squabble started over the sum of six pence which Turner wanted from his wife to buy beer with. Turner described him self as being ' solid and sober ; ' but a witness declared that he was drunk, and wh^'n in that condition ' was not fit -0 be at large.' Turner wanted his v.lfe to withdraw the charge aud give him a chance to reform ; but she refused, and tbe bench sent him to gaol for one month, the last week to be spent in solitary confinement on bread and water to reduce his turbulent spirits to 6omctbing like order. Mrs. Swinborn, of the Elizabeth Fry Retreat, South Yarra, brought a fiery damsel, named Alice Lester, before the Prahran court on Thursday, the charge being one of insulting behavior with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. As Mrs. Swinborn belongs to the Society of Friends she wos allowed to make an affirmation instead of taking the usual oath, and gave evidence that the defendant, who had been an inmate of the Retreat for the past five months, seemed out of her mind, and had been most violent, threaten ing to smash faces, and break windows, and using obscene language almost con stantly. Mrs. Swinborn desired to have the girl placed under medical care. The defendant acted in an idiotic fashion in the dock, yelling out incoherent remarks and endeavoring to scale the side and get across to Mrs. Swinborn, The bench re manded her for a week. Good news for the public— law is dull, from a trade point of view. There was not one solicitor present at the Prahran court on Thursday. Mr. Scton Williams did put bis head in for half a minute but very quickly disappeared again. Consc*. quently the court was comfortably quiet. ! A LITTLE incident which will surprise those who know anything about horses occurred yesterday. An animal fell down in .Chapel-street, and despite tbe efforts of the crowd of knowalls, it remained there for over two hours. Evidently one of its leg.? was broken, as every time it was dragged np it immedi ately tell down again with a fcarfui crash. If any member of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals bad been present ho would have bad a ceriai-i case The m AToa AND A£AYQEES8 of Prahran, Mr. and Mrs. T. ElliB, expect a large gathering on the occasion of their ball which takes place on the 9th prox. Every preparation is being made to ensure the enjoyment of their guests, and from the popularity of our genial mayor and his good iady a brilliant success may safely be anti cipated. At the Iieeting of the Prahran coun cil on Monday next several important mattcrB will be disenssed,and the anxiously awaited result ot the election of an assist ant town clerk will be made known. If a toukd and a half of cheese cost td., what will two pouuds cost? Such is the arithmetical problem given in Our Young Folks column. Adult survivors of the last little poser wi(I find comfort in this onci which really can ' be did,' this li'ne. The balance-sheet which has just been published in connection with the Irish Plan of Campaign shows the total amount subscribed as follows : — In Ireland, £80,000 ; in Australia, £30,000 ; and elsewhere, £10,000. The espenditure in cludes £-17,000 in law, £27,000 voted to Irish tenants, £40,000 in connection with the establishment of the new Tipperary settlement, and £3,000 in general expenses The sum of £3,000 is not aecountedTor. The winter season is accompanied by so many ailments of a more or less distressful nature, which without always requiring the services of a doctor haveto be ver3' closely watched to prevent undue developments, that we take this oppor tunity of di-avi Ing attention to the remedies for the various cJmpls'rjts so prevalent at Ibis time of the year specially prepared by Mr. G. Pleasanrc, the wull-kuown j homoeopathic chemist, of Chapel-street. Preparations of recognised efficiency for coughs or coldf ; eucalyptus jubes for sore throat, a remedy, by the way, invaluable to singers for its clear and free action on the vocal organs: cures .for bjonchilis; spccia'ly invented chest protectors, and innumerable other mvaluublc and season able preparations arc the great features of Mr. Pleasaucc'e establishment. 