BALZAC'S FRIENDSHIPS. (London Globe.) The life of Honors de Balzac tells us once again that although people continually cry out for originality they invariably scrub it when it does appear. Originality is an acquired taste, like the eating of olives or garlic, and originality to a large section of the public is distasteful. This fact was apparent to Balzac at a very early period of his literary career. And, as he refused to the end of his short life to follow Byron's practical wisdom expressed in the following truthful lines- . - This is an age of oddities let loose Where different talents find their different use ; You'd best begin with truth, and when you've lost your Labour, there's a sure market for imposture he had the doubtful satisfaction of experiencing the "cold, pain, and hunger, and all fleshly ills," which stared Words- worth in the face and awoke him to moral cowardice during his year's residence in France. Balzac's genius, in fact, had a strictly artistic tutoring; poverty inspired him, and duns whipped up his spirits with quite astonishing regularity and patience. Debts with him were deeds to be done. Very faithfully he did them; but the struggle of his art with the artifice of the time never reached a quite successful issue during his lifetime. He died when Paris opened her stepmother's arms to him from the effects of overwork, and his books were a posthumous victory. He, as an artist, needed a touch of the charlatan. He loved Englishmen of talent, but he forgot to follow their example in this respect very unhappily for himself. Balzac was well aware of this and many another sign of the times. Yet he preferred to battle with his own canon of truth, turning to many noble women to find that sympathy for his labours which the critics of the Press denied. Born at Tours on 16th May, 1799, he, after qualifying for the law, was established by his father in a Parisian attic, near the library of the vessel, where he made a bold shot for poetic honours. He chose " Cromwell " for a subject ; but to use his own words, he had a lack of any gift of verse making." The critics were quite of his opinion and one of them remarked that the eminent regicide had received a merited, though posthumous, butchery. The poem, however, is certainly interesting, because the letters he wrote about it to his sister Laura give us a side glance at the young poet's life and thoughts. " If you only know the difficulty of such work," he writes. " The great Racing took two years in polishing . Padre ;' and it is the despair of poets. I seek for inspiration in long rambles. Up the heights of Pore Lachaise I go, and in these walks I find good fat inspiring thoughts, and make studios of sorrow for Cromwell. True sorrow is so difficult to paint, for above all things, it demands simplicity." When the poem proved a stillborn creation, he wrote again to Laura : " What use will good fortune and pleasure be to me when my youth is gone? What is the costs to the actor if he cannot perform the part The old man has, when all is said, had his feast ; he can afford to watch others while they eat. But I am young and hungry, and there is nothing on my plate. Laura, Laura t My two immense desires, and my only ones to be famous to be loved-will they over be satisfied?" This union of fame and friendship was the haunting peculiarity of Balzac's mind. It is found in all his' letters. From one frenzy or fever of affection he fell into another, with quite startling rapidity. And all his friendships stood on a " basis of intellectual sympathies and instinctive liking." Of course there there was an egotistic side to his " intimacies of the heart." He found women had more time to bestow on every detail of his busy life, and more patience in listening to his outpourings. Mdme de Girardin listened to him, and, although there is no proof of any particular intimate with Georges Sand, it was his firm conviction that she would not have failed to understand his circumstances as so many did. " She knows no small rivalries," said he. He saw in her that large mindedness which frequently comes to women who out the traces of the wedding ceremony. But the intelligent Mdme. de Morny was the first friend in whom he felt a passionate interest. She was several years older than he; and in 1825 she saved him from ruin by paying his debts. This he never forgot. The action transformed her into " an angel" in his eyes. "In my greatest troubles she sustains me by word and deed of devotion." In 1885 she died and the deep affection he ever felt for her became so sacred to him that he rarely spoke or wrote about it. Not even to Mdme. Zulnia Garraud, a girl friend of Balzac's sister, did he mention the name of Mdme. de _ Berry ; yet there was no romance in his intimate relations with Mdme. Garrand, and everything else. be it of love or of business, was duly brought to her notice. This unimpassioned friendship was an immense rest to the restless writer. Her calm advice was always followed, and much of the best work that Balzac has given us was done during the long visits' which he made to her country houses at Angouleme and Fraperles. His mad passion for the Duchesse de Castries must be particularly mentioned and carefully remembered. Scandal has had her venomous say ; but we prefer " to sympathise with Balzac, and not to condemn the Duchesse de Castries." Hers was a magnetic nature which drew the writer from his work to Aix and nearly into Italy. He came, he says in a letter to Mdme. Carraud, to seek little and to seek much-much because I am seeing a woman who is gracious and lovable ; little, because I shall never be loved by her." This "much" he enjoyed for a month at Aix-les-Bains ; but at Geneva the "little" realised itself in an inexplicable way. They parted, without an actual quarrel ; the " fire of friendship had gone out." And although she wrote to him again proposing a renewal of the old understanding, whatever it was, Balzac wisely but very delicately refused, the invitation, because he " felt that it would be to risk an esteem which he desired to keep." . Then came a purely literary camaraderie with the Duchesse d Abrantes, and then an epistolary interchange of wild words and vows with an anonymous lady (Louise) to whom Balzac wrote rather like a love stricken schoolboy in answer to many letters of admiration from her. But he never saw her, and the matter ended. And now we have reached his friendship with Eveline de Hanska, a Polish lady, to whom Balzac was married a few months before his death. She was married, of course, for the sequestration of the un- married in France thrusts the office of womanly sympathy on to the shoulders of the wedded. It is supposed that they met at an N hotel at Neuchatel in the September of 1885 ; but the first letter from the one to the other which we know of is that from Balzac, dated 1886, in which he says "You, who know my whole, life for the great novelist loved to babble about his life, his past love affairs, and the continual state of climax or of anti- climax of his money affairs. Mdme. de Hanska travelled much, and wherever she was a letter would certainly reach the hands of Balzac. Sometimes her husband was with her but generally she was alone. But her daughter was always with her. The Count was generally detained by the administration of his great estates at Vierzsebovnia. He knew the writer, however, and, liking him, had asked him to the Russian home. Balzac refused. Years passed on, and in 1843 the husband died, and Balzac's protestations of affec- tion became more urgent. Strange to say, although the charming widow travelled with him and opened her house to him, she waited seven years before she relinquished the weeds. The marriage took place in the March of 1850, and in the August of the same year Balzac died. The description of his death by Victor Hugo is one of the most harrowing in its realism that we know of. " On the 18th of August, he writes, "my wife, who had been to see Mdme. de Balzac during the day, said to me, ' Balzac is dying,' I made haste. After the revolution of February, he had gone to Russia, and had married there. Some time before his departure I had met him on the boulevard. He was complaining at the time, and he seemed to breathe hurriedly. In May, 1850, he returned to Paris, married, rich, and dying. His legs were already swollen. Four doctors examined him. One of them, Monsieur Louis, said to me on the 6th of July, . He hasn't six weeks to live. , . . Having left the table then, I took a carriage to theatre Fortune, No. 14." A weeping woman let him in. " The woman left me. The candle scarcely illuminated the magnificent Pourbus, the magnificent Holbein, on the walls. The bust of marble was like the ghost of the man, who was about to die. The odour of corpse pervaded the house. Monsieur Surville entered, and I asked to see Monsieur de Balzac. We crossed a corridor and mounted a staircase crowded with vases,' statues, and enamels. Another corridor-I saw a door that was open. I heard a sinister noise rough and loud breathing. I was at Balzac's bed- chamber. The bed was in the middle of the room; Balzac supported on it, as best he might be, by pillows and by cushions taken from the sofa. I saw his profile, which was like that of Napoleon. An old sick-nurse and a servant of the house stood one on either side of the bed. I lifted the ; counterpane and took the hand of Balzac. The nurse said to me, ' He will die about dawn. I came downstairs again, hearing away with me the memory of that livid face." Thus Balzac died in his 51st year, the greatest of all French novelists, to whose extraordinary talents Mr. Frederick Wed more alone among English critics has done fair justice. The power expended in the Niagara falls is calculated to be as great as would be provided for steam-engine purposes by the combustion of £56,000,000 worth of coals a year. 