Echoes. ¡ A ghost in Cairns. Fin» Brigade mooting next Friday. Salo of curiosities from New Guinea to-day. An energetic fit in-Messrs. Walsh and Co. The Fire Brigade to he firmly established next Friday. linrcs. Philp and Co. now have quite a suite of offices. Sfttling up at Ponrgan's to-morrow night-No. 2 sweep. Mr. Chapnel takes the town bell over from George Seymour, Esq. Good boy Harry, back again. Old pals roll up and get shorn. If you enter a craft in thc Regatta, don't let it take after the Index. Turn up and help the Regatta movement if its only a punt you sail in. Last and ody chance of securing New Guinea curios to-day at auction. Madame Mella's divorce case brings in the Due D'Orleans as co-respondent. Oddfellows trip to Fitzroy. Island next Monday in the fast and smart s.s. Victory. The collection of New Guinea curios will be offered at auction to-day. If unsold the owners intend sending them South. j The quantity of sugar exported from Queensland from June 20th to August 28th, was SOTO tons. : The ghost scare in Cairns is getting serious. Only those with the heart of a lion now go to sleep. One of the 100 ton guns of the flag ship " Victoria," of the Mediterranean Squadron has developed a crack. " Now sound the trumpet sweet and low, for that grand nag, Malvolio." Double prices charged for this. When are those baths going to be fixed up ? This hot weather makes one only fit for one exertion-that of swimming. A chemically manufactured ghost is more scientific than toe common or garden variety composed of a broom and a sheet. Everybody should take his consins and his aunts to the Fitzroy Island trip next Monday. Its proper, strictly proper. An Englisman named Mason has been sentenced to two years imprisonment for smuggling arms to the Chinese rebels. Tommy Nicholls has announced his in- tention of sailing to Fitzroy Island, even if he falls overboard and has to swim for 3li hours. Tho Eurimbla is reported to have run down a three-masted schooner near thc Clarence light. The captain and cook were drowned. The new Chappel bell (man) is now in full swing ; his barrow-toned voice may be heard at every corner. We hope he may long beer success. David Mackay has almost retrieved his lost fortunes. Iiis bright little shop in Abbott-street is well worth visiting if hand- some jewellery is what you crave. " Women are funny. Those two men fonght for Miss Z., and she married the one who got beaten." " Logical enough. She wanted the one she could manage." The Astrolabe Bay Company has been formed in Berlin with a capital of .£120,000. for tho purpose o5 expie r.iug German New Guinea. The eouipany will start operations at once. It is reported from China that a secret society in the city of Woobhaog have placnrded the place with an announcement -t..n»-««-I» o»tu^,,.in.i«!nn of the foreign missions. Anti-Jewish riots of a serious character have again taken place in Eus'ia. Thirty Jews are reported killed and 500 injured. The outbreak was caused by the ignorant peasants believing the Jews were responsible for the present famine. A Physiological Fact.-Teacher: " Owing to the difference in its muscular develop- ment, the female arm is rounder than that of a man." Young Lady Pupil (blushing, soíío roce): " Y-yes ; but men's arms are sometimes very much round, too." Madame Sarah Bernhardt has not ob- tained in Australia the triumph she ex- pected. One evening at Sydney the theatre was full of an elegant public, including the Governor, Lord Jersey, and his family. As soon as the acting commenced numerous ladies and gentlemen were seen opening books and reading thtm, and not paying the slightest attention to the performance. Young men and maidens laughed, talked, and flirted, as if they were in drawing rooms instead of in a theatre. The divine Sarah, equipped as the Egyptian Queen, gave a thundering look at the audience, and not being able to contain her passion yelled out " Imbeciles ! " which was understood by at lease half the spectators. The row which ensued may be imagined, cries, hisses from all parts of the theatie, so that the represen- tation had to be stopped, and Sarah swore never to return to Australia. - London Paper. 