f HE COSMIC BEAN ; Oil THE CRSAT SHOW, IN KOBOLLAND. : bv fnank r. Stockton. Chapter ji— The Two Thrones op Tanobar'; In by-gono days, arid in a distant land, there was a certain Bmall kingdom called Tanobar; ?lilch was governed in a manner not altogether satisfactory to tho poopio. About 10 years bofore tho beginning of this story thore bad sat upon tno Turooo vwu tviua nuv, u«iu(j H»I brothers, had an oqual right to rule. Being men of good disposition and of muoh the same mind, thoy had for many yoars governed tho country to th'b satisfaction of overyboily. AVhon these twin kings died, within a few days of oach other, one loft a son about 12 years old, and tho other a daughter of tho same age. Tho quoori mothers, both estimable women, reigned as regents until their ohildren carrie of age. And now, for more than ri year, tho two young people had sat upon the throno .nnd worn tho crowns of the twin kings, their fathers. j ; , Ohamian was the namo of tho yonng king and Millies that of his cousin, tho. queen. , It wad the liopo of all . who desired the good .of tho country that these two should marry- and .thuij forrii a united government, but it did .not seciri probable that this would evor happen. The cousins were of very different dispositions, and although they had not yet quarrelled or violently !K?.» each -other, thero was no sympathy what tha cither dkL oa: seldom al'P«vcd of Chamian was a bold! active and athletio fellow, and delighted wield spoils and all sorta of outdoor life, while ..JGUico was of an in- tellcctual turn of mind, and dovoted to the study of art and seicriec. "-During the timo that these two lmd.governed-no. questions of publio , importance had arisen, but it was feared that if it should bo necessary for the government to take any decided action it would bo difficult tb make the oonsins agree upon any course. If the two should marry thero would probably bo no further cause for anxiety, for tlio Queen, would naturally defor to the King and all would go on smoothly, but, as lias been said before, of this happy issue there was no reason to liope.' But thcre wns'ono man In Tanobar who did not desiro tho cousins to marry; who did not desire the government to go on smoothly and whoso earnest purpose was to effect a goneral revolution in public, affairs in order that he might reconstruct them'to suit his own plans. ; This mau was named-' Gromlino and ho was the Minister of Agriculture. Ho was a man of great ability and very much given to stirring up political dissensions, and the principal reason for making him Minister of Agriculture had been that -it was-- thought that- in that' depart ment ho could'do no mischief. But since he had occupied this position he had come very near in flicting upon tho country what most sensible people thought would be a'terriblo injury.' : ' ' Ho had dis'coverod'a plant which, after years ofr experiment and culture, he had now brought to what he considered perfection. Thisplant he named the Cosmic Bean, for tho reason that' it was capable of taking the place of all other food and becoming the universal nutriment of man kind. Cooked' in certain ways, it tasted like meats and afforded tlie same nourishment. 'Pre: pared in other- methods, it resembled different kindn of vegetables, bread and even cheese and butter. , It could be dried in various ways aud'sb used to make drinks resembling tea, coffee and chocolate, and' its juioes when fermented pro duced sovernl sorts of wines and spirits.. In faot, there was no article of common food of wiiich an excellent substitute could not be produced from the Cosmic Bean! A most important property of this plant was that it would grow in any soil, with little or no cub tivation, nnd that it was an evergreen mid pro duced its fruits in- groat abundance all tho year around. Gromline's experiments and exhibitions had satisfied tlio Government that his bean would do everything that lie claimed for it and that it might, indeed, take the place of all other food.- " 1 But from tho wise peoplo of the country, Gromline's efforts to introduce his bean had met with the most decided opposition. It had not been brought to perfection during- tlio lives of tlie twin kings; but thoy had both declared that should Gromlino ever succeed in his efforts the plant ought to be immediately eradicated from tho face, of tlie earth. Their wives, tbo queens regent, woro of tho same opinion, nnd when the Cosmic Bean was ready for cultiva tion and introduction, had forbidden Gromlino or anybody else1 to grow it and had ordered the destruction of all plants wherever found. The young king and queen had done nothing so far in regard to the matter. Noither of them' took any interest in beans or in Gromlinc. Tlio rensons urged against the production of tlie new food were very good ones. If this wore a plaut onpable of giving people, old and young; all the different sorts of nutriment they needed or eared for; and which would grow everywhere without troubls to anybody and yield fruit in nbundauce at nil sensons, it was quite certain: that a great part of tho people ot tlio country would he content to let nature provide for tliem and to oeaso to provide for themselves. If all persons could live comfortably who chose to do'ri little work for themselves, nobody would do any work for anybody else. This state of affairs, as the ofhoers of tlie Governmentplriinly saw, would soon turn oveiytllirig upside down; the upper clnssbs would soori e'ease to be upper if the lower classes ' ceased to work for them, arid so' this mischievous Cosmic Bean must be suppressed and, if possible, annihilated. \- Gromlino knew as well as nriyonc what might happen if he succeeded in making it possible for every man to 'be as lazy as he pleased, but lie still persevered in his purpose. If ho could in-; trodue'ehis universal food the greater part of the people ill tho country would look upon kimi ris a benefactor, accept him as a leader; and perhaps make him' their king. If ho should succeed in putting himself on tlie throne he knew how to treat peoplo who' would riot work for him. Hp had diicoVerCd a blight for the Cosmie Beriri ! : ' Since' the accession of the New King arid Qrieeri Grohtliiih had made noprbgrcSsinkis plans, arid lie was" getting very irnpatierit.' The worst thing that could happeri tohiiri would bo for these two to ninny. In that criso all would probably go on as before, end lib' would hsvb'no cfiarioe. ' But if erioh Of tho two were to marry some outsider there would .be two royal families, dissensions must soori follow, and these would give him' the opportunity to work out his own plan's. Not knowing what to do,' Gromlino went to a sorcerer to' ask advice. The old go'ntlomari liBtened to' the case with great attention. , " I see your point," said lib,' whon the Minister had finished. " Did yon ever happen to consider, in this connection, Prince Atto arid the Princess Lista?" ' .' '. ' "Never thought of th'diri!" e'xolaimed Groin- line. ... . , . ' . '. 1 " Ay ell; sir," sriid the s'orqe'rer; ' I believe these' two will answer your purpose, in every respect. ,NUstyHa;thbir'miserabie,stonjr country, adjoins this. ' Their patents will be glad for them to" marry anybody who will have them. Listri is a wild, h'arrim scaruiri, hdrsoyj rind doggey girl, , who would enter gladly into all tlie pursuits of the' King, arid Atto is a tliiri: legged, round shouldered, book worni, who dovoteB himself to tho very things that please Queen Millice. More thau.thi3 theso two hate each other heartily! rind if they : inrirried our sovereigns the dissensions you desiro would come on quickly enough." , "Admirable," cried Gromlihe. ' "Those two youngsters are just the' couple I want, but the' King and Qneon k'ivo never seen them. . The two nations tire riot frioridly, and bow will it be' possible to" bring' theso young people to gether?" J The sorcerer considered. "The simplest thing will bo," lie said, "to have them meet! on noutrnl ground. .AVHatdo jroit think of getting soino sort of a dhow in tho' lowdr part of Kbhbl; land in the Dimmer Glade, ' for instance, which lies near both countries y If you- make' it at tractive' -iii the proper way, I have rib 'doubt that bur King and Queen! as well 'as Prince Atto and Princess Listri would bo sure tb attond it." " '' Groinlina waved liis hat. around his head; "Yon hit the mark," he cried; "aid I know oxaotly what I will do. , I "will get rip a great flower show, arid iri'cbnndotiou -with it there shall be athletic 's'pbr ts; - Qrieeri ; Millice ' adores flowers arid 'so'; does: that, young. Atto.'1 The sports will bring the' other . two, and in Kobol- land we fcaii db - as' we please; , "No- laws can interfere with 'us there, f I shall oxhibit my. bean. My friend; I owe you everlasting grrititudb." ' ; " Arid 70 sequins," said the sorcerer, i Whbri the- Minister' of AgrtouUnre had do-, parted, tho koroorer 'snt Slid smiled arid smiled and' smiled; His amusement was so great that it impressed itself upon hi3 attention; and! ho summoned his body servant. ".Gragliek," said he, " measure my grin.?' .Taking a tape measure from. his pocket, tho scrvarit.oboy.ed. ' , " Master,;' ho sriid,, "it'Bi iriclics long. : Ha !" exclaiined'the sorcerer, " that is my largest grin, and well might it' he. I shall have ri-fina joke on this follow with? his Cosmio Bcnn, rind his schemes for revolution. This royal match maker and1 throne upsetter. A flower show . nnd athletic sports in Kobolland ! Oh, there will be raro'times 1" The sorcerer bad good cnbso for expecting rare times. Kobollniid, which, rit its southern extremity, touched the two kingdoms,' extended far away into tho unknov.ri regions, and was thp homo of fairies, gnomes, giants, -genii, afrites, centaurs, nymjihs; dryads,, brownies, dragons, grifliiis and other wondorful and curious beings. Few people from either of tho adjoining countries had over wandered fir into Kobol land. But the Dimmer Glade; a beautifril region, scarcely ri mile from tlie 'southern boundary, had frequently beon visited by parties who were fond of lovely scenery and took an interest in the strange inhabitants of the place, who, even ' , those, with terrible aspects, had. always boon friendly enough to occasional visitors. ' Thero could bo no doubt that a great show, a short distrinco within, tho borders of Kobol- land, would, attract a' vast croivd of strangeis i of both high! and low degree,' ami riot only that- arid the sorcerer laughed aloud as Ilo thought of it— rsuoh' an 'exhibition would draw tb it . every queer creature of.' the land, from the biggest giant to tlio smallest pigwidgbon, and . if this rnrs.mixture of exhibitors , and spectators, at a flower show, ' arid, of " coriipetitors in, athletio grimos, did not result in.a high old time it would be wondcrfril indeed. '. But tho, sorcerer had hopes "that: tho show would have 'far more important, results than the fun,' tlie exciteirierit .and tlie surprising occur; renccii ' which , miglit be. expected, at, a great cpncburse where visitors from- ordinary countries would inirigle ori comriiou ground with tho strango iriiiahitants of Kobbliaud. He thought lie had reason to. believo that some thing of advantngo 'to liis country would result from tkjri exhibition, Tho sorcorbr was a' good sort of man, and knowing that the Minister of . Agriculture was a riiost dangerous plotter against the public welfaro, ho wari delighted to think that he had proposed a plan the influence and effect of which would i probably bo exactly the opposite to those for which Gromline was echoming. . . ,CnAriER: II.— The OrExiNO, op the. Great Show. , .. On, the next day after the conversation . be tween Gromline' arid tho, sorcerer tho ivhole .kingdom of Tanobar was gbrgeous with many colored' placards anriouncing tho groat show in Kobbllrind! and'very ; shortly afterward the walls arid trees of Nustyria were dbebrated with like brilliant .placards, which, tho. Minister, of Agriculture sent over the border by the waggon ioad.: . Tlie atinouncemerit created great interest and excitement, and early on the opening day, nearly everybody in tile two co'mitries who was nblo to do fa was ori; tlio road. tb tlie Dimmer Glade. People ori horses, yieoplo in waggons, people on. earnelsi 'elopltarits and ori fbot, with here and ! there a man bestriding an ox or an ostrich,, ; crowded tho highways and' byways leading to Kobolland. King Chamian, on a tall hunter, ' rode boldly tkitlier with a little baud of courtiers arid com panions, whilo'iri a handsome carriage, drawn by four oream colored horses, , and . followed by other carriages eohtiituihg the ladios of her court, the young Queen Millice journeyed to tho flower show! - From tho capital of Nustyria camo tho Prin cess Listri on a wiry bou tailed steed, , with wicked back turned oars, and a pace so swift that iicr attendants wore left behind long before she reached the Hirri'mqr Glndo. And frorii that city came' also tlio Prince Atto, stretched at full length on a cushioned, platform, .borno on" tlie' back of an elephant, arid busily, engaged iii.the' study of a' book of logarithms, while tin attend-, ant .crouched by him and' held ri sun' umbrella over liis head.. , , , . Tlie desire of this princess arid .this prince, ol Nustyria tb visit tlie' show., in Kobolland :litid been gieatly increased .vvlion thoy .heard that Kirig .Clirimiai riud ' Queen, Millice .ri- ould bo there. , Although Atto lirid Lisf a belotigcd to a royal'fairiily .they .werb'ri'bt heirs to tlio tlirone of Nustjiria, arid having but very poor piospeots in their native land would bo very.glad to'.make marriage's ' whibh' .would '..'briug " them . good positions and fortunes, arid what" could suit them better than alliances with the' rioBIe yo'iVug king and beautiful young quoen of Tanobar ? Lista had never met' Chamian, but slio' had heard of his deeds Of hbrsemaiishi'D rind athletics, arid felt, certain ho was. just the sort' of mriri she; would like, while; Atto knew all about Millice arid was quite as sure that she would suit" , liim as he wbb that she could riot find a bettor hus band than himself. . , - , ; Of the possibilities of a divided kingdom ?the nririco and priricess thought riot' at all, arid! hi fact, they gavojvofy littlo thought to each other; arid, when they did, Atto wished that the.Kiug arid Lista might' break, their ricoks together, arid Lista said to herself that if; Atto .ri-ould travel away with Queen Millice, oir with a&yhbdy; else, and go so far that' she would never, see liim rigairi, she would be veiy glad indeed. Arrived at the Dimmer',' Glade, tho visitors', found there' a grand pavilion erected for tlio flower show, while booths ririd tents of ' various sizes and colors dcooratcd the gtassy plain. A' wide Btretch of level' laud at the . upper end. of tho glado, arid nearly surrounded :by, low hills, . on which' thousands of spectators oouki, sit or stand! was act aside for, the athletic . grimos. ! As tlio show was to last three days, kings,; queoris, princes, pririee'sscs, rich people arid poor oiies pitohed tlieii- tents frir up riria down;tiie smooth expanse of tho Dimhio'r Glade. ' , ' Although tho news of tlio Show had'orcafod a great popular sensafibii throughout Tariobar. and Nustyria, the exciteriiCnt ririioiig tho inhabitants of; Kobollarid ivas .everi greater.. . Tho affair was so novel arid promised to' bo so , interesting that' evoii the inighfy giant "Jirg, who seldom criirio out of his lofty castlci. oxcopt to hunt, in the wild moiiritriiris of the north, dcoirired his intention of rittendirig the . show, Frorii the mysterious labyririths of tho, dark gofgos .oame ifritos, blaok, shiny, arid with : stealthy trcaih And froui tho mines arid tlio hills cropt "iriariy ri gnome, wondering whrit he was going to see. ', . .. As to fairies, there was no end of thorn. The quecri and hor court were there, nnd nearly all her subjects. A troop of dryads took possession of & groveof oak trees near the glride,nnd among some high rocks at the head of a quiot littlo lnko four syrens ouBOonccd themselves with their harps. 1 , As iriririy of the KobolianderS intended to exhibit in tho flower show and compete in tlie games, thes tnixod freely with tho othor ex hibitors and tho visitors, and it was not long bofore a general air of sociability pervaded tho glade. .... .. Queen Millico was in her royal tent sipping a cap of chacoirito when suddenly tlio tout was filled with a sort of smoky fog, so dense that she could' sec nothing about hor. Supjiosing that the furniture hail taken fire, she Was about to cry out for.asaistrince when the vapor resolved itself into the forrii of a tall gcuio; who seated himself- upon the 'divan, crossed . liis logs, and witli a'- blaml srailo iriquireil how she liked tho country.; .As this iridividiial had.ncver been presented to her, and for other- reasons, .the young, queen hesitated.. a littlo before entorihg into conver sation; . hut remembering where she", was,- and that. this was one of tho natives of. tlie soil,' Bho replied with her usual courtesy, and the two were soon engaged , in , n pleasant chat. Tho genie wns curious to know if this was her first visit to Kobolland, and how long she intended' to stay, and. with much animation lie tolii'lier of points of great inforest which she' should not fail to visit beforo leaving. _ The queen of tho fairies paid a royal visit to Chamian, and ho . was so delighted; with her that he said to some of his' courtiers that if sho were bigger, or he was smaller, lie worild'givo up his throne, and ask to bo iriudc kirig of tho fairies. : Princess" Lista rode directly to Cliamian's stables,. where she found acompaiiy of -brownies, combing and brushing the horses till they slione liko silk. This greatly pleased Lista, nnd sho was about to offer the brownies a permanent' engagement in her stables,, hut on second thoughts .she concluded to wait and sec how things turned out. . .-Prince At-to had always' doubted !the existence of griflitis, but walking near the flower pavilion lie behcld'orio of theso great .creatures descend ing from the upper air, and holding between . its fore paws a, large pot ' of chrysanthemums. Swooping down' close to'bim the griffin said to Atto :— ' .. .. " " Will you be so good, sir, to take lioid of ono sido of this pot so that 1' can, set .it', .on "tho ground without sbaking'the earth arid injuring tlie flowers ?" .... . Atto had'nrivor been nsked'to help anybody. to do any sort of work .and liis,. princely soul instantly rebelled at this request, but after a second look nt the giiffiii he took . hold of- one' side of the pot nnd hclpcd tbo .winged monster to set it gently on tho ground. lYlion the flower, pavilion .wns opcned.it waa rk soon filled with nu animated crowd. Tho dis- yiiay of flowers, and plants was so. .curious ami wonderful that even , Chamian ami Lists, who did hot care much for such things, were greatly, interested. Tlie. first thing that met the oyes of the people as they came. in at tlie grand cntrQnca was, a doable row of plants of the Cosmic Beari, brought from Gromline's secret green houses. Tlio ripe beans— which, mingled ivitU, the .blossotris, and pods in all stages of growth, hung in astonishing profusion from the tall plants- wore freely offered to tho visitors. And an these had a delicious flavor when eaten raw, tho peoplo were delighted with them, and eagerly, 'read tlie great placards on Which were printed tho wonderful virtues and advantages, of 'tha C'osmioBenri. ' " , . ' Around' tile great central space of the pavilion and up. and down its long passage wriya was arranged a collection ' of . plants! shell as never . ; before had been seen in thia world. ; . Tho plants contributed . by tbo Kobollandgra wore far' more curious .than any others. Thoi chrysanthemum brought by tlio griffin occupied a conspicuous place. , Its flowers were as largo' as saucers and of' a bloodred color. , "Whenever, the pirint wns watered .streaks' of,' -fiery, yellow- 'shot through the petals, and a shower of littlo sparks was thrown off In every direction. This chrysanthnmum was labelled Miss Sophia Hypogrif. . , Thero Was a very odd cactus, , vyhich was exhibited by two brownies, Who' had- takeii years to bring it' to perfection. ! Every quarter of an hour a' bad appeared on one of tbo lca'ves of this cactus, whioh grew and swelled for about ' two minutes, when it opeucd and dis played a' largo' encumber pickle, ready! to eat. ; \ , 111 a circular tank was a water lily, exhibited by an elderly mermaid! Tho leaves of. tlio lily, which Wore large and laid flat upon tlio water, were very, hot-, so that food could ue cooked upon' them, ; particularly grid'die cakes,' which wero fftSdri' in great numbers '.by some littlo black imps, who took a keen delight iri" serving them to the visitors who surrounded the tank. . Tho mermaid herself never rito griddle cakes, wliicii might be inferred from the fact that she Waa :t elderly. : The fairies contributed - a -grerit. riiinibcf 'of bcautifiil flowers, riinoug ivhich were; the eon vortible blossoms. A brid on one of these, iilants would open nnd disclose a rose. In an hour this would chango to a tnaiiguld, in auothoc liour to a chrysanthemum. It would , then become n zinnia, a tulip, and .sp change hourly- into other flowers,' riutil at the twelfth transfor mation it became , an immortelle, and lasted indefinitely. -. i. , Tiicre-was a species of dogwood, grown prinet- nallv bv afrites. the lone bronabes of- which Wero trained to haug oloso to, the ground, imd catch. rats. Thore , were .blossoms like, great, sunflowers,, each of which' revolved on n pivot, and dazzled tho eyes of the beholdors ; there wero egg- plants; the ; fruit of- which could be hatched in the sun, arid produced diiTerent sorts of barn yard fowlB ; arid .there was' the , 'ghost plant, misty,-, and; vaporous to; tho view, through, tlio leaves and stems of wliicii one, blight pass bis hand;. without injury to the:pirint. Thero was, the. tourist vine, which, growing under , a tree, would; send -up a long, shoot,, until, it reaohed. a - lowm - hranohl: Fastening itself to this, it would suddenly con tract and pull itgelf ;up uy tho roots, tliesii-wonld bo drawn up rind attached to the limb, andtbe- plriut - would agriiu send up , its . shoot, , reach a higher, limb, and draw itself -up as before, In this way it would '.olimb. to the top - of the'.trce, : Whero atttohirig its roots to the topmost -branoh. It would seud its.slioot'high into. tho air,.wfiora it would seize on the first large bird that passed near enough, and, loosening its root fiom.tha tree would be. carried to a foreign land. Thore were talking flowers which said, " good morning," "papa,", "mamma;" tiiero werri flowers contributed by the deriion ot the glncier whioh looked like roses aud dahlias arid otheii bloBsoras, but were really water ices of delicious flavors,- which whou plucked for eating, would quickly, bo succeeded by others upon tlio riairia. stems. Besides these nnnatural and cufioiiri plants there could be seen in this sliow eveiyc, Bort of ordinary flower, theBizo, fragrance and beauty of whioh had been so increased that it' could scarcely be recognised. 'H King Chriniian rind Lista soon became, of course, good frierids, and wandered together! through tho pavilion, and, although they could not fail to ho amused at the curious and won derful plants, thoy saw they wero impatienfj for tho afternoon and tho beginning of tha sports. . I Millico walked by herself, followed by somri of her ladies and watched by Atto, who iri£ tended to make himself known to her, but' wished to wait a littlo in ordor to find out" what sort of a girl she was. Gromline was bear by, rind seeing that tho queen arid prinoa Atto wero not likely to becomd acquaints;1 hastened to Atto, led him to Miilicd arid pfe- sonted bim. Tho qneon nnd the princo had walked together but a short distance, when they came upon a plant contributed by a Nustyriau gardener, which rivalled sotno of tlio productions of tbo Kobollandors. Ho had grafted tlio water lily, tho sugar cane, the cow tree arid the lire -j weed UDon a tea plant, and when one of tho largo onphke blossoms was pulled off and held under tho ond of too broken stem, it was Spoodily filled with fragrant and delicious tea. Although Millico did not oaro for many of the monstrosi ties sho had seen, this plant attracted her, and -Atto was also interested in it, for ho was fond ' of tea. After drinking two oups of tho borer- ' age, nn idoa struck him. "'Would you like a plant like this, Queen ': Millico ?" , "I should like it very muoh. X wonder if the soed can be procurod ?" "Tho plant itself would be much hotter," Bnid Atto, onil ' turning to the gardener ho in quired the prioo. - : i v "One hundred sequins, (your highness," roplicd ' the man. ; , ; . . .. . ."Nonsenso," said tho prince, . " twenty-five will bo quite .enough;", ' I will take"' the plant, 7 and you oan havo it carried immediately to my tent."- . ' : ' : .. "But,: your highness,": said tho poor man,, turning : a littlo paio, " I have spent more than .., that .upon it, and besides it would injure me very mneh to have' it removed from exhibition at the very beginning of tho flower show. With- -. out this plant my collection is nothing." ; ; v. . "Take it to my tent," said Atto, who wished ...to put .a pretty inscription on it and, send it to tho queen. " You hayo to be very careful \- with these fellows," ho said turning to Millico, " for they will oheat you dreadfully." i.'ixTho young queen answered not a word, but stepping baokward, called one of hor lodies, and . ... with her walked away, leaving Atto standing by . himself. . The prince was 'a good deaPdiscon- oorted by this proceeding, and after gazing a few : minutes after Millico, be said' to' the gar- dener that he could leave the plant where it was for tho present, as he might not' want it, and . then walked away to consider the situation, "I have made a mistake," he said to himself, "I have shown her, too abruptly, my habits of 1 prudcnco and economy! -I; miist do something to. make a good impression upon her," . By. this time lie reached ono of . the doors of , tho pavilion and ho' stepped into tho open air. At the end of the glade he saw the most lively preparations going on' for the games In the afternoon. Even now the people were leaving .. tho pavilion and flocking to. the hills to secure good places. At one of tho best points for observation he saw that thore had been erected two royal stands. " : "Aha 1" said ho to himself, '" the Queen in"-' tends to viow-thp games.. It might be well if I wore to take n part in them. Women, oven thb best of them tiro so foolish as to like that sort of .- thing. But the trouble is I don't know how to do anything athletic. I have never engaged in : such fatiguing and senseless exercises.. But . nearly everybody will be doing something, and I do not like to be left out. , 1 8 At this moment lie heard a sound like a groat .-wind behind him, "and quickly turning he saw VU.' the griffin swooping to tho ground. . : t, I am glad to .see you again, young man,',' said -.tho monster... " You were very kind' to . help mo with that flower plot, so that I did not 1 - injure n blossom of'my chrysanthemums; whioii \- will probably get the prize. I should like to db . something for you.' I suppose you are going to tako part in the games. . How .would you like to : tide me bareback around" the arena; That is a great chanoe for a' young man, and oho seldom \--offered." ..." " . < \- <:; j Atto trembled in ovoryfibro. . . , . : . " Oh,. I cquld.neycr do.that !' lie, exclaimed) , I cannot rido bareback, > or oven a horse, and it . would bo impossible on' anything flying.through " thoair."- ' '"- '- 1 'y' - ' ' ' - "Nonsense," said tho griffin, "it isos easy and .. as safo as winking., Yoiv can stand on my baok." f "Standt'l cried Attp, in horror,, : \- j. "Yes,", said the monster;" "you! will find that oven more secure than ' sitting, and it will make a mucli bettorshow.'1 I will curl my tail »> 1 high-over my' back and niako it as stiff as a bar ."..of iron. My, horney .lumps will givo you a good , > footing, and with your hands firmly, grasping the . - upper ond of my tail, it will. be. impossible for you to fall off. - Good !' "Tlio1 thing is settled; I twas looking for somcone'to ride me; and you Are -.i.the very man. You arc not heavy, and I want .->,to do you a favor. ,1 will go now; and . arrange .for- our performance, uud at tho pioper.timo I \- will look you uu." " " ' £ 1 - -So saying, tlie griffin surged away thfougU'the air, and poor Atto' remainod," shaking in his reboots, i-,-, I.,:.:: is ' : .. ... j v :« ' "Hers will be d blood curdling way of appear; , ing before the queen," lio.thought, "And there's no gotting out of it ; tliat wiuged " ihonstof. will bo.suro to look mb.up I" ' ' /'/ 1 . r . "(To .be continued)/ j 