A CATASTffiOPHE AT THE I ^ &1SJKO. Bi NATHAM D. UBNEBi Not long af;ar the Casino of (ha Oontral P.irk wua first thrown open to tho publio, Ibreu poxaons regularly visited its refresh ment talooua, who wero not long in exolting elevation by their remarkable conduct, liem* apoko a syllable, cither to oaoh oth.'r or anvnnn plan ? nvnn fchmr nrilflr hpina given to thu waiter upon a clip of paper by ono of tho three. Thoy wero certainly not deaf, because tho v/uU-jr'o opukon announcement of tho ex iifeurreii was always instantly as atxited ro by ;\ general bow of the head, nnd bu immediate production .of tho monoy de manded. II dumb, they naad no BignB of thn hands, cr oihem'i ??, to communicate with each r-tMcr, Tiiei* demoanor was invariably of tho om. The iool:s whioh they «-tfc:4?.ionrvly cai»t r.t each other boronotrace» ot ar:-:c:ion, nothing of th»: glow ol friendship »nv r.mi oold, aa wish mutual re ui repulsion, 'i'm-y appeared to tuka 00 pleasure in the ; Iimu iltoy ate, tlfaugh oon-iistiny ci the inosi | ueii'isuvaial tempting viand?, hut devoured j it wti;i tliu mechanical coldnissof phantoms | or Kiiouii. All ware clothed in tho deepest, ritthrst black, Thu faces of all wero utterly devoid of color ; that of tho lady was vory pretty, thcu.;h who was no longer young, and piwrat'cil of a figure inclined to tmbott ♦ points ..Oi cour?i tho appearanco of thia singular rio regularly onto or twico a week through ;.n - uitira Hea?on, at such a fashionable -':«n Ttt could not fail to command curioaity and Mention. Tney came to bo known among tho clerks tind o;iuT attendants an the three ghouls of the Cwtno, aud many wero the tpcoulaiions is .10 who they were, and what was tho ' manning 0! their singular demeanor. s- In ..tbo meantime, however, tho silent atr.ingera grew gloomier and more ghoul-like at overy visit : and tho dull cold glare of re butment in the oyes ot each appeared to daily increase in intensity of hato. At iait thoro oamoa catastrophe. It was 0 lovely afternoon, and the Caoino wag thronged. And then tho three strangers bsgan to adopt a most novel modo ol lan guage. Thoy bsnan to hisa at each other as if poanc.-sad by a multitudo of poisonous ser psnt*. Thsir eyes bla/.od liko basilisks; vheir teeth glittered through their shrunken fipg , und ?till they hissed and hisBod with tbo fury of fiends. Tney ware instantly fiurroandon by a wondering crowd, members of whioh could not forljear exclaiming, 44 Shame ! shame 1' at such an unnatural exhibition of serpen tine epitennd malevolence. But tlie three beinga thus unfortunately poe3C4-wd only hissed tho louder, and ac oomp.inifld their sibllations by fierce and threatening goatiuulation, The lady npuoarcd morn furious than either of her companions. Sho hiased-away liko a' pythoness, ond her faoe, usually so cadavorous in hue, glowed liko tho illumi nated rind of a ' Jack-o'-Lautern. 'Ia she mad?' 44 Aro they all crazy ?'' . 4* Send for an officer I' and similar ejacula tions fell from the lips of the wondering and horrified upeotatora ; but without any effeot ? opon the Hnako filled strangers. At last the mon worked themselves into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet. Ono of them drow a knife, and before he could bo prevented, thrust it into tho bosom of his opponent. A ory of horror rang through the saloon ; but this was changed to ono of wonder at tho conduofc of tho .wounded man. IIo simply drew his coat over tho hilt of the dogger, whioh still remained quivering in his breast, burst into a low, sardonio laugh, and strode from tho building as if he wero unhurt, But, beforo he departed, tho only words that had ever been heard to proceed from the mysteirouB trio fell from liifl hps. 'Fiends!*' ho hissed; 'by tho serpant Bpell that governs U3 all, I will yet haunt yo both 1 F.irawell 1 Yo may have destroyed my body, but tho cobra-spirit in my nature will follow you on, and poiuon yo for ever 1' Ho vanished, and thoao who followed him .to the door instantly lost night of him, aa though ha had molted into thin air. A storm of triumphant hisses from tho .remaining p:;ir was their only rrnly to tho imprecation of their defeated fellow; and then thoy resumed somo wine they had been dij?ojj.s5i;jj,ai)d becamo csfiombro end silent 03 ovor. 'Soiz3 tho murderer I Bun for a police man?' cried tho now thoroughly excited crowd, gathering around with threatening gestures, which, however, had no effect upon tho pair. A policeman was summoned. He happened to bo ortho ultra-phlegmatio and matterof foot variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily, 'After hearing tho atory of the desperate ; stabbing, and tho Bndden evaporation of the . murdered man, ho regarded the remaining ..man and woman with oonsidorable non ' obftUncc, and remarked : ' Looks, to mo liko a regular bilk. , Murdered men don't slopo out of Bight with . knivea sticking in their hearts, No need of a' row ohrmt- nothing.' . . Up walked leisurely off, muoh to tho dia '.satisfaction of tho orowd; and the silent VJDun, with. liis silent partner, coolly finished their wino, paid for it, and departed for | their carriage, as had been their custom. Thcsa wh? witnessed thoir departure averred that from the depths of the myster ious coach there was heard to issue low and .' multitudinous hissings, as trom a whole nest . .-of. wrangling serpents. As ths gentleman andladycontinued their ?. regular visit'i ,lo the Casino, the absence of thoir whilom companion confirmed many in : tho oonviclion that the murder had been no sham, but an actual and frightful tragedy; ..v.and the pair woro regarded with growing , - .sri^pioion and dtead. * , Ono day, when they were sitting at the table they uruilly oacupiad— as far apart from tho rest t.a possible — a sudden resump ? tion cf the hUning sounds instantly rivetted . upon thorn the moat intense and anxious scrutiny. .. J»ut this timo the Iilsscs wero neither ? ? fierce nor loud. They wore low, tromulous, and hesitating, aa of snakcain terror and pain. The man and tho woman drowto : gcther, shiForingly, as if strioken by sudden ; gusts of icy wind, and glanced at tho open ? i noor, with cxpeotant horror upon their oorpse likoiaccQ. ? ? All eyes were turned in tho same direotioa And so broathless was the suspense that a pin might hove been heard to drop, l'he ghost of the murdered man glided into . the light of the spaoiouo doorway, and stood i . motionloES for an instant, giving utterance' : simply to a low, sardonio sibilation, which ; \- -.curdled tho blood of all who heard, and ouueed the guilty oonple to oower and shud dor in abjeot horror. Tho ghost was attired precisely as when last behold in the saloon, maoh after the ? manner of Dion BoacioauU's 'Phantom,' iftTd^hat, ?' - 'His waist was bound with his waist-band round. His burnished stove-pipe gleamed on high, But his breast was bare, with tho red wounds there, And dark was the glare othia glassy eye.' ' The dagger romained planted in his breast. 'Ho. pointed to it withamovoless finger, and thou glided forward without a sound. The 1 r . -ladiea wore too much frightened to scream, . but turncd pcirfc^tly white'with terror. Tho .Vrr%-;'i.woiteM.bJanched to the oolor of their aprons, 'i,.rBut the guilty couplo presented tho most , ; pitiable sight. Thoy actually wilted beneath .. . tho avenging hands whioh tho phantom ox y tended monooingly above them. Tho tableau might huvo roachcd even a „? . moro ghastly extremity. had not a personago . at this moment strolled in, ^ for whom the supernatural, or its imitations, had but l':, Eoar.ty terrora, This was tho phlegmatio . : ? oftloor, . u What's this tom-foblery V* he blandly ^ romarkad; at tho same time giving the hiceoui phantom a slap on tho baok whioh made a mundane being of him in tho twinkl ing of an eye. , The man ol unpoetio phlegm then plaokefl *? the dagger from the phantom's breast, and sent him reeling back from a punoh in tho ribB with his Btalwart elbow. ' Now, bleed to death, if yoowilll'ho exclaimcd, with savago cruelty. ' Ton see, ladies and gentiomen,' he continued, holding np the murderous poinard, and working it with hia hands ; ' didn't I tell you how it was all & bilk, This ia a trick dagger, whose blade runs into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit.' A ory of rage burst from the crowd who had boon so ogregiously sold, and a move ment was made toward the u phantom' and his fiicnds, the latter of whom had arisen and began to hiss anow. ' No moro of that !' oried tho offloer, swinging his club, angrily, 14 Speak out, or come to the lockup !' They understood his gesture, if not his words; and straigthaway th0E0 mysterious Bud thoughtless onoa began to speak tfrench Qiarato that would havo alarmed an army of Germans. 'Who understands thoir linno?' roared the olficor, clapj.ing his hands to his earn. A littlo dapper gentleman, pnlo with trepidation, can:o forward and rxplained, in broken English, that he was tho agent of tho gentleman and lady, who wero French mountebanks (renowned artifit.j, hi; called them), wbom he had brought over to thia country. Pending their appGarance at u certain Bowery e.itnblitjhment, he had adopted this innocent modo of enhancing their importance, intending to mako a regular newspaper expopo shortly before thoir legitimate sppcarance, and thu3 innure over whelming houses. This explanation was made nnder nuch ludicrous terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and the diaoomnted acrobats and sword swallowero, with their littlo agent, were suffered to depart unmolested ; but thero wero many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how oompletoly they had been 11 sold' iu tho Casino. 