Her Sunday Bonnet. The organ pealed above her head, and while the [peacher spoke' Her heart was with her treasure, where There ues'ed on her shining hair A dainty fliwer toque. Her eyes were blue with present peace and dark with past regrets: The da:nty bonnet on her hair, IWhich made her look so passing fair, Was m.de of violets- That flower which, the poet sings, is "sweeter than tie rome." it looked as if she might have sank Upon some vio'et-codered bank, And decked her head with poses. But sweet simplicity comes high, and pastorals are still The most expensive tl:ings in life. I know, because she was my wife You ought to see the bill Husband: " I don't think much of that Bramble girl." Wife : " Well, you bad better not." "Is your wife of a sunny disposition?" "YXis, she makes it pretty warm, for me: sometimes." Maud : "George told me last night that I was ins little duck." Ethel i " lie prr bably discovered that you were no chicken." " Iam surprised at Charley's squandering so :nuch money on a phonograph." "Well, I'm not. He always did like to hear himself talk." Mrs. Peterby : Can you wash ?" Matilda Snowlall: -"·Ob course I kin wash. if it has ter be." !'"Can you cook?". ' If it-has ter be, ob course I kin cook." "Are you honest ?" " You bet l'se honest,:if I has ter be." Errand Boy (to jeweller): " What shall I savc :tanyone biings in a watch to be re patrea while you are out to lunch." Jeweller (winking) : "Pretend to examine it carefully, and then tell him it needs cleaning and a new mainspring." - "' My derr Ellen," said Mr. Softifellow to a young lady whose smiles he was seeking, " have long wishd-Tf6r this sweet oppbor tunity, bnut I haruly dare trusts myself now to sceak the deep emotions of my palpitating :heart. I declare to you, my dearest Elleh,' that- Ilove you most tenderly. Your smiles would shed-would shed'"--- S" Never mind the:wood-shed," said Ellen, " go on with that pretty talk." .Customer : * Why did you take your boy away from school ?'-' Grocer : " They were ruining him. Why, they were trying to teach him that sixteen ounces make a pound I" "I liked your sermon so much to-day," said the old lady to the clergyman. "Indeed ?" said he, evidently pleased. " Yes," she went on, " it reminded me so much of one I read when I was a girl." Mrs. Fatpurse : ' You:paint pictures to order. don t you ?" Great Artist : "Yes, madam." Mrs. Fatpurse: " Well, I want a land scape, with i.ts of deer, and ducks and quail, and reed birds, and cattle, and sheep, and pigs, and so on. you know; and put a lake and an ccean in-fresh and salt water. you know; and be sure to have plenty of fish swimming around, because it's for the dining-room." Little Nell : " Sister will be down in a moment, and I'm to entertain you till she comes, 'cause mamma said so. I think I'll go on with my knitting." Mr. Nicefellow : "What are you making, my little dear ?" "It's a birthday: present for sister, and she mustn't know anything'about it till herj birthday comes, you know. 'You won't. tell her, will you?" " No, indeed. What is it for ?" " Oh, it's just a little baglike mamma has, to put her watch-in at night: Sister hasn't any watch, but she can use it for--her hair' pins, or her bangs,' or her teeth,-or some-,: thing." i Customer '(purchasing a' fountainpen)' " What's this it is wrapped up in?" Clerk: ":That, sir, is a tract. Read it, and it may counteract the terrible effect on you caused by swearing at the pen." He (feeling his way) : "I-I wish we were good enough friends for you to-to call me by my first n?ame." She (helping him along) : " Oh, your last name is good enough for me.!' . " Intelligence has just reached me "---. 'began Mr. Biodger, as he sat down to the-. dinner-table. " Thank Heaven it has at last 1" exclaimed Mrs. Blodger. And the food was partaken of in silence. "Is Mlr. Jones-in ?"'asked the young maun timidly. " Yis, sorr," was the reply. " Then please hand my card to Miss Jones, and tell her.I'm sorry she is out,"returned the' bashful caller scurrying away, . "Haven't you forgotten something, sir f' ased the head porter of a guest who had patd his bill and was leaving the hotel." "Oh. no," replied the non-tipper; "if I have you can keep it." ' Much obliged I I notice you left youa -pocket-book lying on the desk." It is the small .boy who usually telhls things, -and the dinner.table is his'favorite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the dish at the head of the table, and el. ciamed. "What a little chicken for so many people I" The company smiled surrepti. tiouslgy, and his mother endeavored to quiet him. But he was like Banquo'a ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenlylit up, and clapping his hands, he shouted: "Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. Thisis the little chicken that was ill so long in the yard, ain't it?" 