Jim Crow "Wheeling: About. "We are told tliat sometimes in inter national difficulties and disputes it is ad visable to diplomatically dissemble trutb and misrepresent facts, which latter aro often truth in eonorcto form. But tho diplomatist who acquires reputation for cleverness at tho sacrifice of probity and veracity soon loses public confidence. Slipperiness wins neither respect nor con fidence. The names honoured in history are those of upright, straightforward men, not those of sophists, shufflers, or dis semblers. The man who rises to the top- most height of esteem is the man in whoso lips there is no guile. lie might gain his objects sooner by n fucile method of deception than he would by a slower process of truth. It is better to wait longer for results than to warp the character and corrupt tho mind by hasty action. It is better to miss or forego some desired object than win it by tho surrender of honour or tho suerifice of self-respect. Contempt, if not loathing, is felt for any man who tries to gain his end by gross inconsistency whero honour ana truth nro involved. This is a corner in the field of ethics where the "nsscs" who lead tho " lions" of labour seldom seem to graze. They shun it. "With them, apparently, tho end justifies the means. But this is a hick of Tartuffism, the play of eolemn mountebanks. So long as it contributes to their gain, any kind of gammon, hum bug, or evasion appeals to be justifiable. In private life, for ought we know, these men may be impeccable. In their official life tbey appear to think that any sort of tactics may be used to gain their ends. It is only of their official uetious that we write. These affect public in terests andpublicwelfure, and come within the scope oipublic criticism. They, in their own way, do far more than a fair share of unfair abuse of their opponents. They both impute motives and traduce character. But we are concerned only with the public conduct of the men who have by personal merit, or influence, or ambition, secured prominence as leaders of the ag gressive lubour movements of this ago. In the presence of the Janus-like atti tude of Mr. Temple can anybody for a moment dispute our contention? The way this great official of modern trades- unionism ate his own words was enough to choke any ordinary mortal. Ho must also have a powerful gastronomic fuuetion in his moral anatomy. Few men can maintain a moral crcctness on a dioi of fraudulence and word-juggleiy ; they would be doubled up by pangs of con science ; they would be pale-faced by consciousness of shame. But these junta men grow sleek and fair-faced by Brum magem quackery. They keep themselves in fighting condition by Machiavellian porridge. What they say deliberately to- day, they will dony with equaaimity to-morrow. They put a double meaning into their words, so that when tho super ficial implication is found inconvenient they remove the outer skin and n layer of opposite material is exposed. It is on medley pudding of this sort that they feed their dupes. Their dupes may see no harm in it. But those who are not easily gulled see a good deal of vice iu it. Honest people ure not oflen cuugLl by mere simu lation of truth. "When a man formally addresses them on a mutter of serious im. portancc they at least give him credit for honesty of purpose, uud sincerity of words. But when he promptly plays the role of Jim Crow, turning about and wheeling about on the first sign of danger, when be tries to divest his plain English of its obvious meaning, what intercourse can true and Bincere men hold with such a labour charlatan ? This is not the sort of Temple whose disingenuous tintinabu- lation will attract employers to a serious conference on the great principles of in dustrial relationship. They will give no heed to it. Tho Temple's bell is cracked. The Temple itself looks like an embodi ment of syntactical chicanery. Could anything he more insulting to a body of employers than such conduct as that of Mr. I). Temple, the secretary of the Amalgamated Shearers' Union ? He addressed a long official letter to the secretary of the I'astoralists' Union in Sydney, the kernel of which, after strip ping off the rhodomontade, was a request for a conference, as many believed, on the employers' terms as to freedom of con tract. Before his letter had been con sidered by tho body to whom it was addressed, bo became cuubuious o£ a disturbed nest of hornets making a fright ful buzz about his cars. In his zeal to get an open talk ho had, it was alleged, given away the essential principle of unionism — tho freedom of unionists to refuse to work with non-unionists. There were ghastly IooIcb of aghastness on the faceB of leaders everywhere. There were lightning fashes of alarm crossing and re-crossing the continent of Australia. There was perturbation heaving in hun dreds of breasts of men whose glar ing eyes saw the ghost of " Othello's occupation " vanishing in the day- dawn of freedom of contract. Temple was haunted by a host of the spirits of mischief. But he was equal to the occasion. Ho twisted round with the suppleness, if not tho subtleness, of a serpent. In trying to beguile the pastorolists he . had betrayed tho busb- workers. The former had drawn an in ference from his words that he never, no never, intended them to carry ; they were only to seem to carry it. The gossamer of words veiled the reid intention of tho w liter. Hid hie then try to impose on the pastoraliets hy dissimulation? HoeB he elect to stand before the world as a man who tried to decoy his opponents into a trap by a gilded bait? as a sinuous shuffler whose words may bo re called when' circumstances so - require ? It may, ; therefore; '.he' seriously asked whether any proposal for an open con ference with such men as he is likely to be entertained by men who have so lately beon beguiled, by ..him? Also, it may with not less reason bo asked whether any real and permanent good could come out of a conference unless both parties wont into it with perfectly candid and Bincere minds. Speedy denial has been given to suoh unequivocal words us t'nese : " According to your definition of freedom of contruct, there will bo no quurrol between us regarding tho samo. You define the term to moan — ' that an em ployer is to bo free to ongngo whom ho plccses, and an employeo to bo freo to engage, or to refuse to engage, to work es ho pleases.' Wo aro quite in accord with thatdefinitionas fur as it goes, and wo even consider that it should go further, so as to provido for possible disagreeable ccn- tingencies." When tho lettor containing this admission was made public thcro was consternation in tho juntas of labour. Mr A. Hinclicliffc was quickly to tho front. In thrpe days camo a wired message fiorn Mr. Templo as follows, — " No, will nevor accept freedom of contract us defined by the pastoralists," was posted up at Bar- caldine, handed in to the daily papers, made tho most of. The leaders were not in the least ashamed to proclaim in loudest tones and with utmost publicity the dissimulation of their Machiavelli. How, with the utmost seriousness wo usk the men who spoke at the meeting last night if thoy think that tho pus- torulists are likely to hold " an open un hampered conference " with men of tho Temple stamp ? Or, if they did consent to meet delegates of labour, whether after such opinions as Sponco has expressed, and such word jugglery aB Temple has practised, any good would como out of a conference ? 