THE MYSTERIOUS RED INDIAN "MESSIAH." (THE TIMES WEEKLY EDITION.) PHILADELPHIA, NOV. 21. For some time there have been coming from the far Western plains of the United States, beyond the Missouri Valley r tales of alarm and excitement. The settlers adjacent to the great reservations of the Sioux- Indians, along and southward from the line of the Northern Pacific Railway, are in fear of a general Indian uprising. iSome have abandoned their homes and withdrawn east of the Missouri ; others are forming military companies for defence and callinglondly for Government protection. The whole frontier seems in a ferment, and at all the military posts the army officers are apparently preparing for an active campaign. The Secretary of War has gone West to St. Louis, whither came General Miles, commanding the army in the Indian country, to meet him for cmsultation, and General Miles has now returned to his headquarters at Chicago and 6ent instructions to General Ruger, in Dakota and the Platte River region, to make every arrangement for protection and defence. A general Indian war is feared, which is said to affect some 31,000 savages of the Sioux, Pi-Ute, Cheyenne, and other tribes on the reservations, of whom 6,000 are active warriors and 15,000 fully able to bear arms. Whether the outbreak will come soon or be delayed to the spring is said to be a matter of conjecture. The officers say the situation is just now favourable to the Indians, who are well mounted and equipped with ample ammunition and supplies. The average redskin, however, is loth to go on the warpath in winter, and they add that "the salvation of the settlers in the Dakotas will be a' Norther' of the fiercest kind." The threatened outbreak is a fanatical religious war, said to be a crUBade against the whites, preached by a mysterious Indian " Messiah," who has appeared to them in Utah and Nevada. His whereabouts and identity Beem almost mythical, but he has stirred up the greatest excitement. Tndi'nno are always half ready for war, and the " medicine man" can easily work upon their superstitions and highly-wrought feelings. They are now everywhere performing the " ghost dance," and many of them claim to have seen and heard the " Messiah" who has taught it. He is said to speak to the different tribes in their own languages. He has told them that " they have but to fight for themselves a little and he will cause the earth to open and Bwallow the whites, and will bring back from the happy huntinggrounds all the buffaloes and dead Indians." Their " ghost dance'' is becoming a religious fever. Old " Sitting Bull," the great chief of the Sioux or Standing Rock Agency, has told the Government agent there that " they have no further use for the whites, and firmly believe it only a question of a short time when the whites will disappear from the face of the earth." The Indians are mysterious about their intended time of outbreak; but they have their dance, tap their guns, and, as a universal sign, when spoken to they, fiercely draw imaginary scalping-knives in a circle about their heads. They are roamine in small bodies along the neighbourhood of the Northern Pacific Railway nearMaudan, and one of these squads this week told a friendly Indian they belonged to " the army of the Messiah," and were going tc meet the rest of the army, when they would capture Fort Lincoln and pillage Mandan and kill the inhabitants. The " Messiah" would lead the army, and they did not expect to go out until Bpring; but when "' Messiah' says go, we go, even in the depth of winter." THE PERSONALITY OF THE " MESSIAH." That all this should cause a scare on the frontier is natural, and this week the copious reports from all along the border have attracted public attention and excited much curiosity as to the personality of the " Messiah." General Miles regards the situation as grave. Colonel Corbin, his adjutant, says they do not know who the " Messiah" is, but they are making every effort to find out—" he may be some leader of a band of wandering Mormons, and perhaps a cowboy full of pranks." He expresses hope that - trouble may be averted, for it is contrary to all Indian tradition for the braves to take the warpath in winter. The nearest they are able to come to his identity is a report from Lieutenant Robertson, at the Cheyenne Agency, who says he has learnt from an interpreter that the new " Messiah'' is a Pi-TJte Indian called John Johnson, intelligent, but not educated, who lives on the Pi-Ute reservation at Walker Lake, Nevada. TTta " Apostle," one Porcupine, has been preaching the religion of the new " Messiah" at the Cheyenne Agency, and Robertson sends Porcupine's account of his visit to the " Messiah," after a long journey last year to what is supposed to be the Pyramid Lake in Western Nevada, where he met a large number of Indians known as the Fish-eaters. Porcupine in his statement says:— " The Fish-eaters near Pyramid Lake told me th it Christ had appeared on earth again. They said Christ knew he was coming; that eleven of his children were also coming from a far land. It appeared that Christ had sent for me to go there, and that was why, unconsciously, I took; my journey. It had been foreordained. They told me when I got there that my Great Father was there also, but I did not know who he was. The people assembled called a council, and tjie chief's sons went to see the Great Father, who sent word to us to remain fourteen days in that camp and that he would come and see us. At the end of two days, on the third morning, hundreds of people gathered at this place. They cleared a place near the agency in the form of a circus ring, and we all gathered there. Just before sundown I saw a great many people, mostly Indians, coming dressed in white men's • clothes. The Christ was with them. They all formed in this ring and aronnd it; they put up sheets all around the circle, as they had no tents. Just after dark some of the Indians told me that Christ had arrived. I looked around to find him, and finally saw him sitting on one side of the ring. He was dressed in a white coat with stripes; The rest of his dress was a white man's except that he had on a pair of moccasins. Then he began our dance, everybody joining in, the Christ singing while we danced. We danced till late in the night, when he told us we had danced enough. " The next morning he told nB that he was going away that day, but would be back the next morning and talk to us. I heard that Christ had been crucified and I looked to see, and I saw a scar on his wrist and one on his face, and he seemed to be the man ; I could not see his feet. He would talk to us all day. That evening we all assembled again to see him depart. When we were assembled he began to sing apd he began to tremble all over violently for awhile, and then sat down. We danced all that night, the Christ lying down beside us, apparently dead. " The following morning the Christ was back with us and wanted to talk to us. He said,' I am the man who made everything you see around you. I am not lying to you, my children. I made this earth and everything on it. I have been to heaven and seen your dead friends and have seen my own father and mother.' He spoke to us about fighting, and said that it was bad and that we must keep from it; the earth was to be all good hereafter; tl.at we must be friends with one another. He said if any man disobeyed what he ordered, his tribe would be wiped from the face of the earth. " Ever since the Christ I speak of talked to me. I have thought what he said was good. I have seen nothing bad in it. When I got back I knew my people were bad and had heard nothing of all this, so I got them together and told them of it, and warned them to listen to it for their own good. I told them just what I have told you hereto-day." SEASON OF THE OUTBBEAX. Lieutenant Robertson says he closely questioned Porcupine and also Big Beaver, another chief, learning that some ten tribes had visited the " Messiah" at Walker and Pyramid Lakes, including Sioux. Cheyennes, Arrapaboes, Bannocks, IJtes, and all the tribes of Utah, who danced his dance, heard his preaching, and then had returned to their homes. Porcupine said that several hundred Indians were present when he saw the " Messiah," including women and children ; and he insists that all his teachings were of peace, good order, and industry by the Indians. Being asked then how it was that certain Indians had made the new religion a reason for neglecting their crops and for disorder, Porcupine shrewdly made answer, giving what Robertson regards as a very probable explanation :—That the Indians who had gone with him to hear the " Messiah" had hoped to hear him preach some incendiary doctrine, and were disappointed at hearing the new creed required them simply to work and behave themselves : that being known by their people to have visited the new " Messiah," they concluded, on returning home, not to relate strictly what this man had told them, but to put into his mouth doctrines more agreeable to the Indians. " These men," said Porcupine finally with earnestness, " are all liaTs, and they are responsible for any trouble that occurs, and not the new ' Messiah.*' " It will thus be seen that there are false prophets even among the Red Indians, and designing redskin politicians, who misinterpret the religion of the " Messiah" to make it a crusade against the whites. But, whether they or the apostle Porcupine preach the true faith among them, the frontier has been stirred up to an extent unknown foi manyyearB. At the Arrapahoe Agency the Indians excitedly dance the "ghostdance," and have destroyed many of their fences, some even tearing down their log houses, the Government agent having lost all control over them. At Pine Ridge Agency, in South Dakota, there is much excitement among the Sioux, the dances having wrought the tribe to so high a pitch that the agent nas reported the uneasiness, and troops in large force are now being concentrated there ; and at the Rosebud Agency, about fifty miles distant, also in South Dakota. This movement, it is announced to-day by General Miles, will afford ample protection. It is curious to_, unote the various versions of THE " MESSIAH" DOCTBINE OF EXTEEMIHATION OF THE WHITES, as interpreted at different Indian settlements. Thus, at the Standing Rock Agency, on the Cannon Ball River, about forty miles from Maudan, the Sioux are mainly farmers and cattle raisers, and live in huts and houses. They say the " Messiah" indicates that the whites are to be destroyed, but not by the active aid of the red men. " A mud wave is to engulf the pale-faces, but the Indians are to be lifted high above it, until it passes over." With them, the " ghost dance" is said to ue a preparatory ceremony or sort of communion, by which the Indians aim " to perfect themselves before the coming of the Master." This extraordinary development among the Indians, whatever it may eventuate, has created a genuine sensation throughout the entire Western countrv, and the universal prayer out there is for the coming of a " Dakota blizzard" of the most powerful description, that will have more influence for peace upon the India ns than anything that can just now be done. As I close this letter a telegram from Pine Ridge has just come in, giving the latest phase, the troops having gone into camp and bong in full control. The telegram says:—" Jack, Red Cloud, and a lot of the fanatics are at Wounded Knee putting the finishing touches on a four days'' ghost dance.' This is' the day set for the ' Messiah' to appear > in the form of a buffalo, but up to noon no stray ' Messiah' nor buffalo has been reported on the reservation." 