THE CATHEDBAL AND THE HEAVENLY TEMPLE. Rev. vii., 15, With xxi., 22. Preached at St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, Wednesday, January 28th, 1891, hy the Most Reverend the Primate of Australia. 'Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve Him day and night in His temple ; and He that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.' ' And I saw no temple therein, for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.' ' A Cathedral is of little value unless it lifts our heart upward. But used arieht— used, that is to sav. in a humble, earnest snirit — it may both beautify and inspire our secular life. Its sacredness, its sym bolism, its services, point to a heavenly sanctuary, and a perfected worship. \- We have had during this most interesting week of dedication, various aspects of the Cathedral presented to us. We have thought of its relation to worship and to holiness ; of the appropriateness with which the name of the great teacher and missionary, St. Paul, is connected with it ; of the tl living stones' which should be the result and crowning glory of the material structure ; of the compre hensive utility of which the Cathedral system is capable in building up the body of Christ. The topic allotted to me to-night is, ' The Cathedral and the tleavenly Temple,' and you will see that the two texts I have chosen suggest two different pictures bearing upon the subject of that heavenly life, for which we profess to look as the goal of all our feebler and imperfect endeavours to seive God here on earth. The first picture is that of a sanctuary, wherein there is ceaseless worship. The second picture is that of a city, in which there is no temple, the idea of a visible or external sanctuary being absorbed in that of the beatific vision of God Himself, who is thenceforth for evermore the Temple of His glorified people. There is no contradiction here. The temple in which the re deemed and purified people of God serve Him day and night is not a house made with hands. It is a heavenly temple ; and may, in deed, be regarded as but another name for the heavenly city, viewed as the place of unceasing adoration, where God's people are the fitly framed and symmetrically completed holy temple which is an habitation oE God through His Spirit.. In this temple it is that every one that overcometh in the conflict with evil is made a pillar, in scribed by Christ with the name of God, and with the name of the heavenly city, and with the new name which Christ Himself confers. In the later vision which St. John has presented to his rapt im agination, the new heaven and the new earth and ' the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God,' the inspired Seer beholds a mystic city, .foursquare, with walls of jasper, and gates of pearl, and foundations garnished, with all manner of precious stones ,? but he sees ' no temple' therein, for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.' Here the figurative language is used in a reverse, but not a discrepant, applica tion. It is not now God's people who form a habitation for Him ; but He HimselE who is the sacred habitation for them. All lower, limited sanctuaries and shrines are needless. He is with them, and they with Him, in the absolute communion of eternal joy and love. Taking these two pictures together, we think of the Heavenly Temple as the final goal of all the imperfect and inadequate attempts, which we make in earthly sanctuaries to show forth fittingly our Maker and our Redeemer's praise : we think of the Heavenly Service around the throne ot God and of the Lamb, and of the pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, symbolising the everywhere diffused Spirit of 'truth and holiness ; and the ultimate resting-place of our thoughts, our aspirations, our hopes, is God's own Presence, mani fested and realised as never before ; for the name of that city is, ' The Lord is there.' This Cathedral — the completion and consecration of which may well send forth a thrill of gratitude and gratification, not only through this diocese, but through all the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania — is a' noble edifice. It is solemn, magrii fical, beautiful, ample. May there be in it much of helpful and reverent communion with God, aud with the Lamb that taketh away the sins of the world. But, how little and limited, how poor its ut most capacity of beauty and glory, of worship andiservice, wbemcon trasted with that which shall be revealed in the city where there is no temple, and the former things are passed away ! Yet, has it its preparatory work for that future consummation of blessedness; it is a witness to the soaring hopes that reach on and up to the throne of God ; it is a warning to those that go by, immersed in cares or pleasures of this world, that the fashion of this world and the desire of this world pass away, while he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever. From the ' material' Cathedral we rise to thoughts of the 'spiritual ' House; and thence we are carried on to the' Heavenly ' Temple ; aud so to the culminating glory aud joy predicted through Jewish prophet of old delivering God's promise, 'I will set my sanctuary in- the midst of them for evermore. My tabernacle shall be also with them ; yea, I will be their God and, they shall be My people.' And even this vision of heavenly sanctuary and Divine dwelling-place is merged into the all-absorbing glory of the Divine Presence in the Celestial City, where we see no temple thereiu ; for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it. Several lines of thought suggest themselves as we contrast the associations and use of an earthly Cathedral with the prospect of the Heavenly Temple and the City of God on high. One thought is that there the local limitation of worship will ripen into ubiquity of holy service. . What is symbolic and partial in our human conditions of service upon earth will become real and universal there. Sacraments, i ministrants, the font of cleansing, the table at which the symbols of a spiritual banquet are set forth, will be no longer needed. All the inner significance of outward emblems, all the spiritual realities which struggle for expression within our poor prayers and praises and preaching here, shall there no longer be confined and narrowed in earthen vessels; They will shine forth in the perfect righteous ness and holiness of those who see God's face, and serve Him day and night in His temple, and in their service are kings and priests for evermore. Another and a kindred though b concerning the future life is that the secular and the sacred, the civic and the ecclesiastical distinc tions which are necessary here will be needless there. There will be no difficulties or dissensions about ' Church ' and ' State ' there. There will be no banishment of religion from civic and educational activities ; there will be no disseverance of worship from life ; there will be no dissonance between the Sanctuary and the Throne. The temple is the city ; and God's glory in the midst thereof is the all-comprehending shrine of universal praise : where not alone in mighty ihunderings of triumphant acclamation, but also in manifold re-echcings from every heart and home in the many mansions of the Father's House, shall continually sound forth the chorus, ' Hallelujah ! for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth I ' Allis holy in the heavenly city. ' In that day,' as the Prophet Zechariah says in the remarkable close of his remarkable book, ' shall there be upon the bells of the horses, holiness unto the Lord ; and the pots in the Lord's house shall be like the bowls before the altar. Yea, every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the Lord of hosts. . . . and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanile in the house of the Lord of hosts.' And St. John says that the glory of God lightens the'city,and the Lamb is the light thereof. ' And there shall in no wise enter in anything that defileth, neither whatsoever vvorketh, abomination or maketh a lie ; but they which are written in the Lamb's book of life.' Science, Art, Religion will then be blended in holy and indissoluble union.. Research will never be conducted without reference to Him who sitteth upon the throne ; the citizens of the heavenly city will never separate the true from the beautiful, or debase art by selfishness and impurity ; and in the full grown energies of heaven, all life will be one continuous Tc Deiivi Laudamus — nothing secular which is not sanctified ; nothing sacred which is not also part of the normal life of the City of God. '? Can we think of commerce in that Holy City '! Yes, but not of the commerce of selfish rivalry, and of covetous desires, and of incon siderate speculation. We think of perfect interchange of kindly courtesies and mutual love : of the intercourse between one and another department (so to speak) of the multiform heavenly inherit ance, leading to a thorough use and enjoyment of the whole. The kings of the earth bring their glory and honour into God's city. The nations of them that are saved walk in the light of it. And all is prosperity and peace, because the Son of Man will have gathered out of His kingdom all things that offend and do iniquity, and eveiy citizen is righteous, and they shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father. The crowning though', however, concerning the Temple and City of God is the thought of complete communion with God Himself — the thought of God's presence, realised as a Temple of Light and Love, in which we shall enjoy united fellowship with Him, render Him united service, do Him united homage, and receive from Him a fulness of joy for all and each, which will knit us to. ether in a perfected society for ever. -: 0 then the glory and the bliss, When all that pain'd or seem'd amiss, Shall melt with sin and earth away. And saints beneath their Saviour's eye, Filled with each other's company; Shall spend in love th' Eternal Day.' This is the goal of Christian hope; this id the- goal and final signifi cance of Cathedral worship. But, brethren, remember not to view this matter too abstractedly. Christian hope implies persons who are longing and striving for the High and Blessed Ideal which is the top-stone of human history, as God presents it to up. Cathedral worship means worshippers — worshipping God in spirit and truth ; for the Father seeketh such to worship Him. And the society of Ransomed Saints above, wor shippers in the heavenly temple, citizens of the heavenly city, is made up of individual souls. 0 do not let us lose, in the contemplation of the glorious com pleted structure, the necessity for the preparation, the shaping, ihe placing of each part ! The individual conversion of heart and life to God, the personal grasp, by faith and prayer. -i' God's hand stretched out to save and sanctify each soul that hungers and thirsts after righteousness, is the needful pre-requisite for the building up of living s'ones into the spiritual temple. The Church, like the commonwealth, must weld together all tint is good in the individual member with all tint is required for the combined social organism. And our ultimate hope of joint com munion with God in the city above is the communion of the indi vidual soul with him begun here. The proclamation of the Gospel by Apostle and Evangelist is in order that those who hear may enter into fellowship now with the Father, and with His Son, Jesus Christ — and ' if we say that we have fellowship with Him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth ; but if we walk in the lijjht, as He is in 1 helight, we have fellowship ( He with us, and we with Him), and the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all t-iu.' This fellowship is only entered into by individual faith — the faith which can in some measure, at least, lake up St. Paul's utterance, ' the life whic'i I now live in the flesh 1 live by the faith of the Son of God who loved vie, and gave Himself for vie.' '? Follow tftou me,' is a preliminary to 'our Father:' 'Lord, what wilt thou have me to do? 'is a pre liminary to ' ovr citizenship is in heaven.' Do not let what may be termed the glow and glamour of a grand gathering and occasion like U is week of solemnities, blind us to the fact that without individual zeal, and faith, and love, and self sacrifice, neither can a Cathedral be maintained, nor the Church be really built up. We shall, after to-morrow, be breaking up our grand gathering, and our special services will cease. What then ? Will each of us be holding fast the high ideals, and holy hopes that have been set before us in connection with the meaning and the use of a central sanctuary 1 We have joined in consecrating a Cathedral ; have we consecrated ourselves to the Lord — all that we are, aud have, and hope for ? Are we building ourselves up on our most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keeping ourselves in the love of God, looking fcr the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life ? It seems to me that this solemn inauguration of a grand earthly temple is a challenge to us to serve God better and more devotedly. The Cathedral, standing stately in the midst of business thorough fares, and all that betokens restless earthly life, and varied earthly distractions ancl temptations, reminds us, as Joshua did the people of Israel of old, of the holy requirements of the Holy God. And we, joining in its dedicatiomto religious worship and teaching, have said, ' We will serve the Lord.' And from the Cathedral, the mute yet meaning message, still proceeds, ' Ye are witnesses against your selves that ye have chosen the Lord to serve Him.' There is yet another word which I may imagine the Cathedral to have inscribed upon it, to be read by all who hold the Christian hope, and join in the Cathedral worship. It is a word of the fore-runner of the Christ, a word of humility and a word of on -looking expecta tion. ' He must increase, but I must decrease.' Yes, brethren, the Cathedral is a means, not an end ; a scaffolding, not the real building ; a typical sanctuary, not the heavenly temple. It points you to the Christ, to the Lamb of God. It bids you lift your hearts upward. It bids you look beyond the symbolical to the real ; beyond the local to the universal, beyond the earthly to the heavenly; beyond the finite imperfection of man, to the infinite perfection of God. My exhortation to you at the commencement of these services was based' upon a word of St. Peter, and that was supported by the' testimony of his brother St. Paul. To-night I have spoken to you from words of St John. Do not these three great Apostles of Christ combine to teach us the same lesson of patient, persevering hope, such as shall animate patient and persevering effort in Christ's service ? ' We look for the n'W heavens and the new earth, wherein dwelleth rightejusness.' We look for the ' Heavenly Temple.' We look for perfected com munion with God. May God All-Mighty, All-Merciful, All-Wise, bless this Cathedral and Diocese 1 May He stir up more earnestness, more spiritual per ception, higher spiritual longings here, and elsewhere,. among all who call themselves Christians, so that this and other earthly sanctuaries ? which in themselves are, even at the best, but of local and limited USe — may be so used as to deepen Cnristian hope in those who have it, and kindle it in those who have it not ! May the living stones be multiplied for the spiritual house ! And may we — with others gone before, and multitudes yet to follow ? be amongs' those who have washed their robes, ancl made them white in the Blood of the Lamb, who stand ' before the throne of God, ami serve Him clay and night in His Temple ; and He that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them. They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat. For the Lamb which is in the midst of the Throne shall feed them, and shall lead them into living fountains of waters ; and God shall wipe away all t'ars from their eyes.' - 