OUR NE'W YORK LETTER. KllC/St Ouil COKHKSroNOENT. NEW YOltK, 3hd jantiaiir. Tho Indian wnr, which I mentioned in my last us being threatened, hns broken out, and , no one can foretell tho end with any degree of certainty, hike many nifairs of tho kind, the outbreak came just as wo supposed the troublo was nearly over. About three weeks ego the leader of tho revolt, a famous Indian known as Bitting Hull, was ordorod to bo arrested. IIo had not actually gone out to war, but was pre- paring to leave tho ngenoy and tnko tho field against tho whites. An order for his arrest was mado, and tho Indinu police, who arc enlisted in tho scrvioc of tlio Oovornmont, woro sent in chnrgo of whito officers to take the rcdoiibtnblo chief into cus tody. The arrest was mado ill his camp, and immediately tho supporters of Sitting Bull set up a howl and began firing upon the polico. The latter roturned the firo, and one of tho first bul lets from their rillcs wont through tho lioart of Sitting Bull himself. It was boliovcd that tho death of the ohief would lead to tho surrcr.dor of his followers ; and so far as his band was con cerned this was the result. Other bands fol lowed thoir example; a wcok ago tho last of tho hands who'had gone out was reported coining in nnd roady to surrondor. It was mot by a cavalry forco which outnumbered tho band throe to ono, and the chief announced that thoy had come to givo themselves up. They woro sullen, ne might naturally bo expected, and thorcfore nobody was surprised. While thoir tonts wero boing searched for arms, tho lino of Indians that was squatting on tho g-n'iml oiuplanly, n. hv a nroonnoortod sisna, drow thoir rifios from bononth tlieir blankets and began firing at the soldiers. Twenty-fivo soldiers woro killed or mortally woundod; the captain of the cavalry detnehmont was among tlio killed and tho lieutenant was mortally wounded. Thon the soldiers went at work in earnest, and tho hand of Indians— -men, womon nnd ohildron — was prnncticnlly annihilated. Perhaps a dozen may liavo mado thoir esoape, but tliis is by no means cortain. This fight had tho effect of sending hundreds of Indiana on tho warpath as soon as news of it bad boon sproad abroad, and ovory day sinco then roport oomos of a fight moro or less daspor- ato. Sevorai settlements aro in dnngcr, espe cially thoso in tho neighborhood of tho agencies, and news may coino at any moment that the agencies have been attacked and all their dofendors killed. Most of tho eilcotive troops in that part of the country are in tho field endeavoring to sook out tho Indians in thoir haunts among the rooks, and the gar risons at tho posts are vory small. By rapid concentration tlio Indians might destroy one or moro of the ngonoics lieforo relief could arrive. Tho war will probably last throughout the whole winter, nnd perhaps longer ; some of tho high officials of Govornment are hopeful of beiug able to bring about poaco, but those who know tho pooplo with whom we aro contending aro far less sanguine. Bike most of our Indian wars this ono was brought on by tho bad policy which has boon pursued with tho Indians from time immemorial, with now and thon an exception. Tho Indiana are treated like your aboriginals iu Australia, as tlio wards of tho Government ; thoy are assembled on reservations and supplied with food and clothing, and it is tlio theory .that thoy are to ho fed and lodged at Government expenso as long as they continue to exist at all. Tho caro of thorn is outrusted to agents who aro politicalappointcos, and aro generally ignorant of thoir duties and iinucquaintod with tho oharaotor of tho aboriginals whon they enter on thoir important offices. Thoy arc in thoso offioos to make money, and thoy make it by starving tho Indinns and appropriating as muoh as possihlo of tho money entrusted to thorn ; ovory ohango of Administration at tho national capital seas a chango in tho Indian agents with all the train of evils that follows, and no ono politioal party is better or worse than another in this respect. An honest man is said to be tlio noblost work of God, unquestionably the noblest, and also tho rarest work of tho Supremo Being is an honest Indian agent. Tlmt tho Indians wero starving is admitted by all ooncernotl; their con dition of starvation, nnd tho faot that thoir appeals for justico rcceivod no attontion, caiiBod the unoasinoss tlmt lod to thoir ghost dnnoos and tho roported coming of a Messiah ; the ghost dancos led thorn to the war path, and tho going of tho Indians on tlio war path hns lod to tho prosout stato of affairs. Occasionally tho Indians have boon placed for a few years in ohorgo of tho 'military department, and whon such is tho enso thoro is no troublo. But political influenoo invariably has taken tho businoss out of tlio military hands, and then oomcB tha robbery of tho Indians to fill tho pockets of agents ; afterwards comes war with all its horrors. From taking life let us turn to methods of Baving it. Sinco my last letter several physicians who went to Borlin to study Pro fessor Koch's now system of curing con sumption and its kindred diseases have roturnod, bringing vials of his wonderful lymph. It has been triod in our hospitals, not only upon oonsumptivos, but upon pationtB sufforing from lupus and various forms of tuberculosis. Tlio time is yot too short to say if any of thocousumptivos have boon permanently oured, but thoy certainly appear to be relieved and in tho way of boing oured. Tho groatost success thus far lias boen in tlio treatment of lupus ; all the lupus pationts inoculated with the lymph have improved rapidly, and ono of thom was dlsohargod from hospital yesterday and pronounced cured. Others will be discharged next week or in a few days, so tho physicians roport, and altogether there is q groat satis faction at tho result of tho now trcatmont for this vory disagreeable disoaso. A few days ago at tho solicitation of the friends of a young man who is sufforing from leprosy tho doctors bogan oxporimonts upon this dreaded disease. The offeets thus far have boon bono- fioinl to an extent hardly expected by tho physi cians; timo alone oan toll if thoy will bo permanent. Tho young man under troatment is of a woll known family of New York, and has travelled cxtonsivoly in Asia and South America. IIo roturned two yours ago sulforiug from what was supposed to bo leprosy, and has sinoo lived quite secluded. Ho is in rooms whore ho is completely isolated from all otlior persons, nnd only ventures out of doors at night. Tlio result of tho new troatment in this ease is watched very olosoly by tho phy sicians, and should it turn out that a cure for this hitherto inourablo disoaso has beon found, it will be suro to make a great stir iu tho scien tific world. ' There Booms just now a prospoot, perhaps I- should say a possibility, of a race for the America's cup in tho season of 1891, Lieutenant Henn, the owner of the Galatea, who camo liero and racod against us four or five years ago, arrived throo days ago and brings n commission to explain to tho Now York Yaoht Olub the objootions of tho English yachtumon to tho American docd of gift of tbo cup and the diffi culty of getting up a race under it. The pro positions which the nontenant lias brought will bo considorcd by a committco of tho N.Y.Y.C., and perhaps a way may be found whoreby a raoo can bo arranged on modi fied terms. If tho conditions of the. deed of gift aro adliorod to a race is not likely to come off, but if a modification can bo mado nndor the "mutual consent" clause, then tha lieutenant promises wo may look for a ohallongo. 'Whether it will bo a now boat or ono of thoso now in oistence ho is.unablo to say, nordoos ho namo. the probablo ohallonger. It is whispored that tho challenge may como from Colonel North, the Nitrate King, who has turned his attention to yaoliting, and talks of building a larger boat than any of those that havoyetcontestod for tho. cup. Tho Americans will probably entrust the defence of the oup to the Volunteer, whioh has proven itself tho fastest boat of its size, ever yet floated. Lieutenant Hcnn was most cordially welcomed by tlje members of the Now York Yaoht Club, among whom hp made mpny frionds at his. previous visit. It was owing to his efforts after his return home that the British yacht clubs re moved thoir restrictions against the American centreboard. Ho sont circulars to ovory recog nised yaoht club in Groat Britain asking thom to vote upon tho question of allowing qontro- board boats to compete in racos under tho Yaoht Itaoing Association's rules. His arguments that acoompaniod the oiroulara were so powerfully presented that out of 40 olubs which voted 33. were in favor of- removing the restrictions. Savon were firm against tho oontrohoard, and among thom was tho Royal Yaoht Squadron. BPpulai;i.ty of tho, for.ty-footors, tlmt I doseribed during tho racing' and cruising season last yoar oontinuos as great as over, and several now boats of this class aro now on tlio stocks. Somo aro intended as mugdiuntors, and will bo specially devoted to racing and very littlo elso ; others will ho racers or cruisers as circum stances justify, and still others will stick entirely to cruising. The old stylo of centreboard' whioh rises in the middle ot a boat's cabin, and greatly restricts tlio comfortR of tho craft, is boing replaced by tbo now stylo, which rises only to tlio cabin lloor mul therefore is not in tbu way. Boats of this clnss are not ns fast as thoso of tlio skim ming dish pattorn in a light wind, but they aro vastly moro comfortable for cruising purposes, as can readily be seon. Yachts will bo oheap next season, unless all Bigns fail. Their olionp- ness will ho duo to tbo circumstance that several of tliem must he thrown on tho market on account of tho businoss troubles of their owners, who have gone to tlio wall financially. Yory few want a yacht that is thus put up for sale, and who ever is willing to buy oan linvo it vory much at hiH own price. Thoro are two yachts whose history is curious. Thoy wero the proporty of men who speculated in tlio stock market ; they both dealt through a cortain hrokerago house, nnd thoir yachts woro held as security for money which tho brokers had advanced. Eventually it came round that the yachts bcoamo tlio pro porty of tho brokers. Thoro wore two momhors of tho firm and two yaohts, and so each member took a yaoht and becamo a yaolitsman. Now the whirligig of timo has brought about tho failure and enforced liquidation of this broker age Ann, and the two yaohts aro consequently on the market. Thoy have been mixed up with so much ill luck that it will bo no oasy matter to give them awoy. A fraud was recontly unearthed in New yorkthatis oausing a groat deal of domestic disturbance, and will land some of tho parties concorned in it within tho walls of ponitontiary. A firm of lawyors, Hughos nnd Buttnor, was engaged in proouring "divorcos without pub licity " for suoh olionts ns found their mntri- monial yokes irksomo. Thoy did a good busi ness so far as rovonuo whb concernod ; they ohnrged fees according to tha nbility of their clients to pay, and never failed to obtain the divorce required. They oxtrncted various sums of monoy from their patrons, some of thom paying as high as 500 dol (£100), and others securing divorces for a half, n quartor, or cvon a tenth of that amount. The divorcos purported to be granted by courts in cortain Western States, where tho severance of tho " tio that binds " is easily performed. Tim business has boon going on for three or four years, and many of tlio olionts have marriad again, as divorced parties gener ally do. By an aooidont it was revealed that tho business was altogether a fraudulent ono. The papers with the offioiai seals upon them wore forgerios, and wero gotton up in tho offioes of tho lawyors. Thoy took a would- be divorooo's monoy, and at thepropor timo issued tho necessary papers which woro tho work of their own hand and soal, tho seal having boen mado in this city, and tho printing being dono here. If tho customer was a promising ono there weredolays and hitches in tho procureinont of the decreo of divorce, and cnoh delay callod for moro money. "When the victims had beon bled to the extent of thoir purses or patience they wero supplied with tho oustomary docu ments and generally hastened away to marry again. When tho ease of the swindlers was called in court, no fower than 20 of tiie viotiins of tho swindle were present to testify, anil thoro are " many wards yot to hear from." The lawyers kept no books, but divided thoir foes as fast as they took in tho money, so that their accounts liavo not falion into the hands of tho police. It is now known that thero aro moro than 100 victims, many of whom desire to koop out of sight, and aro willing to withhold their cvidenoo through foar of boing cross-examined in court. Thoso who liavo marriod again aro vory awkwardly situatod, as they aro Iiablo to arrest and punishment for bigamy, an offence whioh is not lightly treated by tlio law. Buttnor appears to have boon tlio head and front of tho swinillo, and ho is now trying to arrange w itli tho courts to pload guilty of larcony, nnd thiiB bo lot off with a fow yoara in prison. Ho says that if ho is obligod to stand trial, lie will mako it lively for tlio witnossos against him, and " liavo lots of fun " when lie comes to oross-cxamino thom. Ho ifi in possession of many of thoir domestic secrets, which thoy cer tainly would not liko to soo in print. Another swiudlo, whioh was based on a ficti tious document, has set tha wholo country to laughing in conscqucnoe of tho exalted charac ter of tho viotiins. About Christmas timo somo 20 or mors of tho gravo and rovorend senators of the United Btatos received arlottor from a fellow named Duval, in Baltimore, oaoh letter onolosing a baptismal certificate, which was avidonce that tho writer had named his infant son after tho recipient of tho dooumont ; tho lettor expressing tho wish that tlio infant horo of tho certificate would strive to ho as groat in tho sorvice of the nation as was the man after whom ho was named. The letter to Senator Evarts, of Now York, said that tho baby had boon named William Evarts Duval, that to Senator Hawloy, of Connecticut, named him Joseph Hawloy Duval, and so on through tho list. Nearly everyone of tlio senators thus honored sent something to his namesake. Somo sent gold or silver oups, either with or without suitable inscriptions ; othors did not take tho troublo to order these articles, hut onolosod sums of monoy varying from 5 to 20 dol.; and altogether tho swindler mado n rich haul. Tho affair leaked out through tlio accident of ono senator showing his letter and the enclosed cortitioato to another senator ; inquiry was made all around tho senato, and a .comparison of notos showed tho result abovo stated. Tho address to whioh replies woro to be sent turns out to bo a drinking saloon ; tho swindler is a former post offioo employi named Duval, but the much named baby doos not Beem to have any oxistencc. Tho fellow will oBcapo arrest and punishmont for the reason that none of his victims can bo found willing to tako time and trouble for n prevention, Tlio wonder is that this modo of raising tlio wind was novor thought of boforc. A wedding occurred recently in Philadelphia which attracts attention owing to tho ciroum- stanco that tlio masculine half of tha pair is a Japanese, wbiio the other side of tlio houso is a fair Quakeress. Tho bridegroom is a man ot good family in his own country, and this fact was cloarly proven to tho satisfaction ot ail concerned, but, nevertheless, tho brido's parents did all they could to prevent the marriage and also to prevent tho opening of their meet ing houso for tlio ceremony. They had no objection to Mr. Nitobe, tho groom, as a man, but they woro opposed to their dauglitor going awny to Japan, where they wore little likely to see her again or know tiie oxaot way in whioh she would bo obliged to live. Mr. Nitoboliad recently joined tlio Society of Frionds, in ordor to facilitate hie relations With tho young woman, and also with hor parents, but this did not mend mattors bo far as they were concernod. The society held a meeting to decide about opening tho meeting house for tho ceremony. Thoy hold two meotings in faot, tlio first of them being opposed to tho ceremony and tho second in favor of it. "When the wed ding camo off tho liouso was crowded ; tlio parents of tho bride wore absent but hor brotliors woro thero with thoir wives ; many prominont Quakors of Philadotphia wore also present to givo thoir sanction to the union of a Japanese with one of thoir seat. Tho ceremony was in strict Quakor form, no clergyman per forming it, but each ono giving proiniso to the other to bo " faithful in ovory way until death shall separate us." Thon tho cartificato was signed by tho higli contracting parties and by others of tho congregation, and after the signa tures woro affixed the document was redd aloud by one of tlio eldors. Tho young couple will leave shortly for Japan, aud it will remain to bo soon how tho lifo of the Far East will agree with the tastes of this damsel of Quaker extrac tion and Amerioan tastes. Mr. Nitobe speaks English fluently, but liis wife has yot to lcara \- the languago of liar husband and his pooplo, nnd this will givo her all tlio occupation sho wants for many months to como. No progress has beon mado towards tho ad justment of the dispute about Boiiring's Sea and the right to catch seals therein, and thoro does not soem to be any prospoot of an adjust ment of tho difficulty in timo to savo seal lifo from dostruotion during tho approaohing soason. Ono or two seasons moro liko tlio lust will wipe the fur seal out of oxistonoo so far ns American waters are concorned, and the only remaining spot where seals can bo taken is on tho islands belonging to Russia. Sealskin garments will booomeeohigh in prico that nlv. kings, prinooa and millionaires oan afford to own thom, and tho diiliouity will further ho that there will not, bu enough to go around nmong thoso who oan afford to pay for thorn. Tlio latest proposal is from Canada, but thus far It is not official. It is to the effect that sho will purolmso tlio terri tory containing tlio Seal Islands, and thus tho trouble will bo removed. Thon hiio may allow her j. anchors to exterminate tho seals, or possibly may establish a closo soason of 5 or 10 yours, during which the fur hearing animals can increase and mdl- tip'y, and meantime tho fur oan advance greatly in price on account of its scaroity. This was tlio polioy that tho Hudson's Bay Company pursued during nil tlio timo of its oxiHtcnco, from its cominoneemont in 1670 down to tho sale of its powora and monopolies exnetly two centuries later. Some such system is impera tively needed, or tlio fur seal will follow the career of tho dodo, tho dinoris or tlio American bison. Thirty years ago millions of bisons roamed our western plains ; to-day less than 500 of thoso animals are in cxlBtenoo ; and within another 10 years it is probable that those will liavo breathed thoir last, as thoy do not thrivo in captivity, and thero is no moro room for wild herds. Tiie yoar that has just closed has boen on the wholo a good ono for business, though towards tlio closo of it thoro woro disasters in various branches of industry, anil especially in that of stock speculation, whioh perhaps can hardly lie entitled an industry, and oortainly does not add to tiio material products of tho land. In tlio yoar 1890 tlio United States mado more iron and raised moro cotton than in any previous year. Statistical say that tlio American iron product was greater than that of England and the prices wore exceedingly low, so that the profit to tho rnohoro net cic"""' Tlio manufacture of cotton goods has boon vory great, considerably in excess of tlmt of any pre vious year, and tho samo may bo said of many other industries with the oxooption of that of woollen manufacture, whioh has been in a condi tion not at nil prosperous for somo timo, though it is now brightouing. Opinions vary ns to tho probablo effect of tho rocont inoreaso in tbo tariff on wools and woollen manufac ture, nnd tho result oan only he cer tainly known some months honoe. AVhilo tho cotton crop has been tho groatost ever known, tho samo is not tho case with othor agricultural products. Somo of our crops woro scanty by comparison with formor times, but tho farmers aro obtaining good prices for most of thoir produce, owing to the recent application of the protectivo tariff to their industries, and preventing ruinous competition from other countries. The aggregate of domestic busi ness is about ono-nintli greater than in any preceding yoar, and that of foreign trade shows an advance of fully 6 per cont. In nearly all material mattors tiie country ib prosperous, and tho friends of tho new tariff believe that we aro now entering upon an era of greater prosperity than we have ever known. From ovory direction come tho reports of new establishments for manufacturing purposes in consequence of the tariff whioh tho M'Kinley bill has givon us. A fow days ago n gentleman arrived in this city on his way to a western State, having contracted abroad for the erection in that Stato of a complete mill for tho manu facture of linen goods of a kind hover before mado in this country. Iu a recent issue tbo Pitlsburrj Commercial Gazette gave detailed information of seven companies or establish ments which have undertaken the manufacture of tin plates, an industry heretofore mono polised by Great Britain. Thoso seven estab- lUhmcnts will havo a productive capacity of ono half the amount of tin plate consumed in tho country, and will reduce our importations to just that extent. "What is true ot the tin and linen industries will be true of othor lines of manufacture, and a compilation from tho various trade papers of the country gives an aggregate of moro than 50 new works in progress or about to open. In addition to these thore should bo included many that havo not been in operation for somo time, but have now started up again or are about to start in consoquonoo of tho impotus given by the new tariff. The disheartening effect of the elections in November is passing nway among the friends of protection, and thoy are rapidly regaining confidence that tho country will como to its senses before tho next Presi dential clootion in 1892 and voto nccoril- ingly. A good story comes from a mining town in Pennsylvania, where many laborers woro em ployed and a curtailment of business required somo of them to bo discharged. Tho employers deoidod that tho single men must go first ; the latter immediately mot in a secret conclave aud voted that thoy would get married at once in ordor to rotate their placoa. Thore wero hurried calls upon marriageable women, the services of the clorgyman were very much in demand and the marrying business recoived a "boom" such as it had not known for a long time. Somo timid fellows backed out and pre ferred idleness to matrimony, but tho majority of the miners found wives and expoct to retain thoir places. Since the Btory becamo known several spinsters from other parts of tho State have gone to that mining town, but on arrival they found that the bridal market was already well stooked and their prospects for matrimony wore no bettor than in their old homes. 