CHA.PTER XXX. Calm and mot'o ileis the figure stood. The hall-breed stood equally motionless, but his contorted features were expressivaof anothor mental condition than that of oalm nC,SSpeak to it,’said the blonde. 1 Do you sea it ?’.oried Jaok. > No. but from your notions I imagine that you do,’was the reply. . ■.•■Oh, it’s there 1’ murmured Jack. • Well, epeak to it; you will never have a better chance.’ .... i. ■ Dropping upon his knees and raising his. hands in a pleading manner, Jack began to move bis lips, but no sound issued from them. ' ■ 1 , • ■ Tho shadow still stood silent and motion-1 Jack at length contrived to mumble: ’ ‘ you speak to mo ?! The apparition bowed its head. Jauk’s faoe became livid and hie features worked with nervous twitches, whioh were painful to behold. uM 1:0 At laet he managed to gasp: • What would yon—you—’ Slowly the figure raised its arm and made a Bwaying motion, indicating that it deBired Jack to follow it. Jaok shook hie head involnntarily, aa mnoh ae to say, ‘ No, I will not follow thee, thoa horrid shape.’ ■ Why don’t you speak to it if yon see it?' said M'Darragb. • 1 have epoken to it, and it is motioning me to follow it.’ I Don’t yon do it.* • What shall I dot' ‘ Tell the thing to apeak ont, and that yon will promise to obey its behests.’ Jaok managed to artionlate the words: • Speak to me, and I will obey yonr com* mauds.’ The lips of the ghoBt moved and, in a sop ulohral voice, oame the words : ‘Willyon swear?' ‘ Swear,’ said the blonde, eagerly. ‘Did yon hear the voice then?'asked the halt-breed. JI'Darragh eaw that he had given himself away, but quickly recovered his ground by asking, innooently: i • Didn't yon- Bay something abont swear ng?’ • It was the ghost.’ • Well, if the ghost wants yon to swear, why swear away; you'll have to do it sooner or later.’ ' 1 will swear,’ said Jaok. The ghost raised its hand and,in Btrangely awful tones, said: ‘ Swear that you will do as I instrnot.' II swear 1' said Jack. ‘ Your oath is recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant’s silenoe followed. O'Neil innooently ached: ‘ What is going on now ? What is the ghoBt doing ?’ ‘ Nothing.’ ‘ Ask what it wants you to do, man; there must be something wrong.’ ‘What would you have me do, Harry I’ said Jack, ‘ You murdered mel said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause tho phantom proceeded; • You murdered me, and unless you do as I command I will haunt you until the evi dence is secured that will lead to your exeou- j ‘ What am I to do ?’ asked Jaok. ‘ Go to some one and reveal the hiding place of Hiss Edelin. •I will I’ <\- ' 150 ‘ Do it, or you die 1’ Again there was a pause, when the voioe. repeated the word 1 remember,’ and disap peared. ‘ Thank heaven,’ muttered Jaok. • Is it all over ?’ said O'Neil. ‘It’s gone.’ • Well have yon got a hard job ?' ‘No.’ The half-breed’s nerves ware completely unstrung, his fierce, stubborn nature quite subdued. After a seoond he said: • Close the door.’ M-Darragh did as requested.^ No suspicion osemed to haYe]crossed Jack s He evidently appeared to accept tha scene as real. ‘ Take a drink I’ said the blonde. Tho half-breed had just managod to raise a glass to his lips and drink-it off, when the word, distinctly .pronounced, fell upon hiB eer: . ‘ Brmember 1’ 0 Neil acted la a perfectly natural waj and ‘ Now that you have got through with your ghost we aan talk about the business we have in hand.’ • Not now,’ said the hali-breed. • Why not ?’ I Are you a Iriend of mine, Tom ?’ enquired the half-breed. • Certainly.’ • Can you hold a secret ?' • Certainly.’ • Would you oare to hear what the ghost •Well, I am not particular, bus I will listen to your story if it will eaee your mind at all.’ II have a eeoret. •Well?’ • The ghost commanded me to reveal that ’ Well, you had better do as the ghost told you,’ said O'Neil, oareleBBly. I That is what 1 want to do.’ • Uo you wish to oonddeyour secret to me, then ?' ‘Yea. ‘ Well, go ahead.’ II had a hand in the abduetion of a gal.’ ‘That is many a bad man's case.’ 11 am to reveal the plaoe where that gal ie concealed. • To" whom}’ ‘ The ghost didn’t say.’ ' Well, you must interview the ghoBt again and find out who it wants you to reveal the' secret to.’ ■It said someone.’ 11 am some one.’ 11 will reveal the aeoret to you.’ ' I am a good man to learn a secret.’ ‘ The gal's name is Marian Edelin ; she is supposed to be dead, but she still lives and n kept a prisoner. * It was hard for M'Darragh to avoid an ex clamation or expression whiah would have betrayed him. \- Ha managed, however, to keep both tongue and face, and remarked in au indifferent manner: ‘ Is the girl a relative?' ‘No.’ ‘ The girl yon are engaged to ?' 1 No.’ • Well, what have you to do with the mat ter?' ‘ She is the girl the ghost was to have married on the day he died.' TYou have heard oF“tho jewelled corpse' that was found a few days ago ?’. • Well, that was the body of a gal that died in the hospital, and Bhe was dressed m the teal gal’s clothes.’ * Oa, let me ese,’said O’Nsil, reflectively; 1 It strikes mo that I read something about Lho oase. First there was a man miBsing and then a girl.’ • Well, the girl is not dead, then, after all ?’ ••No.’ • Where is she hiding ?’ ‘ She is a prisoner in the “house of some people near P-.’ • What do they want to keep her a prisoner or ?’ • To get' her property.’ ‘ How aan anyone get her property as long ihe lives?’ . "'' , •As Boon as the exoitement hae blown >ver the gal will be poisoned and never seen ,r heard of more. It is a deep geme, and yhen it is all played out I am to have a big iteko.’ ■ And that is the reason yon held yonr jeoret so well, you scamp If said the detea .ive in a tone that caused the half-breed to leap from his feet and utter an exclamation of astonishment. 1 Your game is played out, *a,<Who are you?’ asked the half-breed, in strange tones. ‘I am a chap who has been on-yonr track for tho last lew months, and at last I have run youtd earth.’ A certain revelation' seemed to.flasht>ver the halt-breed’e mind and he oried: • Yon'are a detective 1' 11 am, and you are my prisoner P Jack clapped his hand behind him to. drBW a pistol, but before he could make a: move ment: to nse the weapon was seized from the rear, •; - =--\ •: In a tone ol absolute despair he groaned: • I am sold !’ vM i!;2 ‘Yes, you are, you scoundrel 1’ The Indian turned his nead and found that he was in the grasp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not seem muoh like a phantom at the moment, and yet his pre sence in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve hie prisoner more than it he bad been an ap pantiOQ i 'Harry Trendalli alive 1’ ejaoulated the halt-breed. 1 Yes, I am; but no thanks to you, you sooundrell’ . . M’Darragh stepped forward at this instant and before Jaok was aware ot what was to transpire he found his handB olasped in a pair ol steel bracelets, ' Your race ol crime is run, my man I' said M'Earragh. Jaok was perfectly mute for a few seoondsj at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hue as he said : • You haven’t got your game your own way ^ • Ob, yeB, we have,’ said O'Neil. • You think the girl lives?’ ‘Yea.’ 1 She ie dead,’ Baid Jack, in a tone of joy. ‘ I lied.’ Harry Trendall sprang towards the miser able wretoh, when the detective intervened and said: ■It is no nse for you to tell any more lies, Jaok; I secured the girl before I scoured ^ • I am not lying now.’ • I know you are.’ ' Why did you ploy the ghost on me 11 wanted evidenas to hang you, and I wanted a witness, as you were the only wit ness of your dreadful crime.’ The half-breed saw that his whole game wbb up. The oalm, resolute man, who had been following him day after day under various disguises, had played hiB game carefully and There was no escape for the fellow, Jaok was Bilent lor awhile, but at last he ' Will you grant me one favor ? If you will, I will oonfeee everything you want to 