SCHOOL SPEECH DAYS. QUEEN’S COLLEGE. The annual demonstration prior to the breaking up of Queen's College for the Christmas holidays was held last night in Christ. Church schoolroom. Canon MacMurray occupied the chair. The room, which was prettily decorated (or the occasion, was crowded with friends of the pupils. The chairman apologised (or the absence of the bishop, and spoke of the high ideal aimed by the principals of the col lege (Misses Larritt and flayhoe)—an ideal that to a very great extent was attained. He con* gratulated the pupils on their succes, and expressed a hope that it would prove an incentive to even greater diligence in the future. Archdeacon Green also addressed the audience, dealing with the qualifi catiens that go to make up a successful school, and which were apparent in Queen’s College. The follow ing report, drawn up by the principals, was read:— “We fc r l pleasure and gratification in again placing before you our annual report. The year now ended has been one of increased pleasure in our work, for we know that thoroughly good work his been done throughout the college. The quuterly and bi-quartedy examinations have shown marked improvement in all subjects. We have had □o matriculation class this year, but this has not troubled us, as,‘ though by no means depreciating matric, examinations, we feel that there is room for moreall-round work when the time is not given up to matric. subjects. It has been with us a matter of regret that so many branches of education, at any rate for girls, are of necessity left out when studying for these examinations; and we cannot help hoping that the time is not far distant when there will not be so great a rage for them, but that sending a girl out from college thoroxujhly furnished will be much more valued. We should like to say a word in common with Principals of other colleges in depreciation of excuses given for unprepared lessons, and for absence from school; of course these are unavoidable at timet, but the times, in some cases, occur so often that (he pupils’ education is materially injured, by them. A .pupil who is constantly staying away, or is constantly bring ing excuses for unstudied lessons, cannot keep in the swing of work; her interest weakens, her energy flags, and she finds herself at the end of the year so much out of everything that great disappointment accrues both to herself and to her parents. The lower forms in the college are working up splendidly; and there are girls Iti them who will make their mark in the future of Queen’s College. Again we ate pleased to thank the following kind donors of prizes:— MrsTremearne for the “Avenel” prizes, Mrs Rad cliff and Mrs Nevett for needlework, Mrs Lyon for special mapping prize, Mrs AlSender for mathematics, Miss Eyres for drawing, Miss Leslie for French and English, the Archdeacon for scripture, Canon Mac- Murray for special recitation prize, and Mr Lyon for mathematics We specially wish to thank the Arch ieacon for his kindness in givingscripturelessons in the college notwithstanding the press of his many duties. Our thanks are also due to those friends who have so kindly judged some of our competition work; Mrs MacMurrayand Mrs Green, forjudging the needle work; Canon MacMurrayand Mr Robson, elocution; Mr Wanliss, essays; and Mr Oldham, drawing. We may venture to say here that the judges, one and all, were pleased to say that the work done was of a superior order, and reflected great credit on the pupils. On our disappointment last Xmas, with re gard to removing from our present very unsuitable premises, we need not enlarge. <»ur efforts since to procure premises which will enable us to carry out our plans for the college have been untiring, and we confidently hope they will be very shortly crowned with success. We can not close our report without thanking our staff for their continued zeal and harmonious work. Miss Leslie and Mr Aikins have been especially earnest and indefatigable. We should also like to express our very warm thanks to MrJ. J, Bailey for extra time and trouble given to some of the music. Tire dux of Queen’s College for 1891 is Miss Mira Bull; first in history, English, geography, German, map ping, and Miss Hayhoe’s Scripture (senior divi sion); second in French, phj siology, essay, and the archdeacon’s s cripture. (senior division) Cur only regret is that we are to lose Miss Bull; hers has been an influence felt throughout the college, and we fee! glad to say that for the tw*» and a half years she has been with ns there has never been one little rift In the harmony existing between u-; her residence with us has been a great pleasure from first to last. It only remains to thank our friends for their kind hearing and to wish all a very happy Christmas and New Year. The new session commences on 9th Feb ruary, 1892.” Archdeacon Green haring distributed the prizes, the programme given below was gone through suc cessfully. It is not customary to single anyone out for special praise on such an occasion, but .Miss II Trewin gives promise of great future excellence histrionically. Programme:— Pianoforte duet, “ Mafitana,” Misses P, Bailey and 11. Trewin; song. “ Tlie goat bells,” Miss Bull; recitation, “My dolly,” Miss Edith Cornell; pianoforte solo. “Theblue bells of Scotland,” Miss L. Whitelaw; reci tation, “The careful messenger,” Miss <sa Moffatt; song, “The fairy dance,” children; pi 4 noforte duet, “ Quatre Bras,” Misnea Bull and Acton; recitation, “The king’s temple.” Miss Oliver Wittkow.-ki; song, “Will you walk a little faster,” children; recitation, “The ghost,” Miss P. Papenhagen; vocal duet, “The broom girls,” Misses Bull and P. Bailey; recitation, “Karl, the martyr,” Miss H. Trewin; solo, “Die Nacht Schildwacht,” Miss P. Bailej*; tableau and song, “Britannia.” The Misses Grace held their annual distribution of prizes in the schoolroom, “ Cora Lynne,” on Thursday afternoon; Mr Hunter, J.P., presided. There was a large assemblage of parents and friends of the principals and pupils. The chairman congratulated the pupils and teachers on the work done during the year, and spoke kindly words of commendation to the pupil*. A varied and interesting programme was gone through, consisting of pianoforte ducts br the Misses A. Strickland, J. Kenny, M Lakeland, E. Lakeland, and Master J. King. Songs by all the pupils, ami also recitations by the Misses V. Glenny, L Kenny, S. Kehfisch, P. Lakeland, D. Richards, B. Robertson, and Masters T. L:>kela and, H. Kingsbury, and P. King. The report was read by the Rev. Canon Mac Murray, who, in a most able and in teresting speech, referred in high terms to the nature of the leaching given; to the success of the pupils at the recent Ballarat Juvenile Exhibition in obtaining certificates for drawing, mapping, and painting, and a special priz* for drawing; and also treated in an ex haustive manner the various items mentioned in the report. The Rev. J. East-HaHson wished the school every success, and said he had very much enjoyed the entertainment, and felt how highly favored the children were in havi* g such a school to attend. The prizes were distributed by the chairman, to whom thanks were tendered for his kindnes* in giving six prize* and again presiding. The National Anthem was then sung, after which refreshments were banded round to the visitors and pupils, and thus a very pleasureable afternoon was brought to a close. 