1'ORTHI-WESTERN HOUNDS. BY TALLY-Ho. Farmer Hedge to his dame says " I'm sixty and Inme, Times are hard, and my rent I must pay; But I don't care a jot If I raise it or not, I mnust go a-hunting to.day." In the annals of Elizabeth Town and Whitefoord Hills last Saturday will surely be marked with a "red letter." One thing is certain, that Saturday's bunt will long be remembered and talked over by all who had a part in it. With what might, even in this district, be called a stiff country, and there was no shirking of big fences, I may say that a better exhibition of jump ingin the bunting field has niever been wit nessed in Tasmania; indeed, the straight going of many of oer younger members speaks well for the future of the club. As I have alluded to these less experienced huntsmen, I may say that it would be well for them to remember the advice of Adam Lindsay Gordon Look before you leap, but if You mean looping don't look long, Or the weakest place will soon grow stiff, And the strongest doubly strong. The greatest difficulty will be to get them to look before they leap. To resume, it had been intended, as per advertisement, to meet at the Dunorlan state school, but at the last moment this place was found to be inconyenient, so our rendezvous was changed to Elizabeth Town'. 'Ihe "throw off" took place in the paddock opposite the police station, by kind permission of'Mr Bonnily, through whose land the hounds led us during the first part of the run. Passing through Measrs Alex. Duncan's, Smith's,andFisher's properties over several good fences, we cross into Mr Joseph Conroy's farm, the hounds taking us through his yard, and thence over the Whitefoord Hills road, doubling back into the same road lower down, when a cheek is ordered. Starting again into Mr 3. M. Griffin's, one of the ugliest fences of the day is safely got over by eight or nine of the first flight. In the white streak of rail not theo ghost of a gap. landing us in the farm of Mr Jas. Sullivan, towards whose homestead the hounds head, where a double, the greatest obstacle we encountered, is negotiated at a rasping pace by the chosen few. We now cross Mr Sullivan's land into Mrs M. Griffin's, then turning back over a few of the same fences, but on higher ground, we come into i the property of Mr P. Conroy, and thence to the White Rock road, and finish up through Messrs Jno. Flynn's, Joe. Wood. berry's, and .James Everett's farms at Host Spicer'., where well-earned refreshment awaits us. From one who counted them up, I learn that during the run of shbout 12 miles 55 fences were jumped, some of which would make many a tough old "sport"think twice before tackling in cold blood: however, I am glad to say thathlthou) h spills were numerous no serious accident occurred, and barring a few abrasions and bruises, no one was one whit the worse, and all would, I'll be bound, willingly go through the same again for such a good day's sport. The drag was taken during the first part of the hunt by Messrs E. Beams, W. Evans, and Jae. Tuthill, and in the second by Messrs J. Griffin, jun., and M. Sullivan. At least 150 were present at the "throw off," amongst whom I noticed the deputy-master (Dr. Cole) on Maud, the huntsman (Mr W. Gilbert) on Scottsdale, the whip (Mr A. Jordan) on Electric, Mrs Cole on Paddy, Miss Conroy on Shamrock, Miss Aaa Conroy on Primrose, Miss Plapp on Beauty, Miss Cope on a bay, the Misses Bonnily, Miss Carr and friend, Messrs E.J. Sullivan on Random II., Jno. Flynn on Tyro, W. Briclkhill on Killarney, Jas. Griffin, jun., on Mia Mia, M. Sullivan on Leona, Geo. Field on Linne, Gee. Bennett on a brown, Jas. Tuthill on Curiosity, T. Caldwell on Tim, E. Beams on Deception, W. Evans on Skylight, J. Caldwell on Mick, H. Gilbert on Warrior, T. Kirgan on Forest King, L. Henricks on Fenian, W. M'Near on Rocket, Von Bibra on Highlander, Rookley on Prince, J. Wyatt on a brown, W. Smith on Rambler, J. Nugent on Creeping Jane, Roberts on Ponto, W. Conroy on a chestnut, R. Kea ting on Razor, A. Tuthill on Grayling, M. 1Nuent on Moonlight, D. Griffin on Mad cap, Powlett on Cyclops, P. Conroy on a bay, John Speight on Determination, Rad ford on a brown mare, Tiemey on a bay, J. I'Cormack and party, and many others whose names I cannot recall. The next meet will be held at Deloraine on Saturday week, October 10, and as it will probably be the last of the season a good muster may be anticipated. Deldraine, Sept. 29. 