THE MERCURY. HOBART : FRIDAY, DEC. 25, 1891. EPITOME OF NEWS. ¡ Cable communication with England inter- rupted. ' Lawyers must take out their annual certi- ficates before January 1. Dr. Bingham Crowther has boen arrosted on boord tho R.M.S. Arcadia at Colombo. Special choral services in the Anghcau and R.O. Churches to-day. i Lecturo-hnll at Green Ponds destroyed hy Ure. Contents all lost. Adjoining tenements damaged. The Messiah, by tho combined choirs and Miss Colbourne Baber, at tho Town Hall to- night. Czarina visits France in February next. ' Sir E. Braddon appointed director of Fioo hold Investment and Rankine Co. ' ' ' American visible Bujiply of broadgtuff* still iiicraasiug. ' 1 Watoiford oloction ia expoctud to roault in Mr. Redmond's favour. ,n,< Syndicate formed in Len Ion to bring water from Darling Rivur to Broken Hill. , < , M. Jules bimon lu a precarious state of health. . , i Canadian Liberal Press accuses Governor" of Quebec of gross corruption. Victorian Parliamentary prorogation ou Tuesday next. < > Diplomatic relations between France and Madagascar abruptly broken off. CeSHion of Formosa to Great Britain by the Ohiiieuo Government spoken of. Lord Carrington says no matter how satis- fied Lord Knutsford nuy bo with the Colonial Office, there must soon hu a chango. Charitable contributions to General Booth's schumes materially reducing London Hos- pital revenues. The Cniliau Judge appointed to maka in- quiry las to the Baltimore affolr *ays tho American sailors wera drunk, and thora is Itttlu proof that tboy wore illtroatud by the policd. _______________ Hark, tho horald angola slug, Glory to the new-born King. So the old Christmas carol breaks upon our ears once mora as wo draw to- wards the close of this year of our Lord, 1891, and we feel our hearts lifted, for a little space, above the usual level of our common daily life ; lifted into a purer region, alas strangely at variance with our usual aims and all absorbing occupations, and turning our thoughts buck into the past ages wo feel that we, and those w ho have lived befoie us, aro drawn together by a bond stronger than that of our common liuumnity, its we gaze upon the " manger cradle," .theJirat,resting piano- in time ofHbe " King of Glory," the Ante-Chamber of Eternal Peace. What is it that holds us spellbound in presence of that humble Birth-place, while our hearts are stirred with suuli a forco-of old associations, and our eyes flooded with tears, and we realise Dante's words that, Sorrow's crown of sorrow is romombering happier things ; as we see through the vista of the past tlie forms of loved oues who have trod this all alluring earth before us, or have struggled aud fallen upon its thorny ways ? Mothers who held our little childish hands in theirs, and guided our first trembling steps upon 'the nursery floor ; fathets whose kind hands shake, and loving greeting on those far' away Christmas mornings, can only bo in memory recalled, but never realised again ; loved ones, who haye' 'wandered from the , path of honour, and upon whom the sun of life lias suddenly gone down obscured iu clouds' and darlcoesS ; dear' friends whose sympathy , Jias cheered elie darkest hours of life. AU1 those whom wo have loved, those whom we have ¡ neglected, those whom, (perhaps,, we have -¡e^en,despised, come .back, and, stand b'osidaius, while our ..tears iflo'w i fast, and we long to be >able to tell them that they are not forgotten, and to i ask (their furgiveuosSpfor,allKÓuri shortcomings, -and'the pain* we .Hiiiy^ I haWcaused them. ''' '" ',5/'¡i1./ King oniswoot Christmas chimas ! ¡ » i Wiiile we look back ihrpúglí 'tile'year, now so'quickly drawing to a close, to ' the ' time since the Christmas bells Jiu^fc heralded'" the, jdifyra of the -joyful season, and call to mind -the many whose1/ places i in life shall know them ' no " more. How many have answorod ;ito the inevitable call since Christmas 1890 ! One by one they have ' an- swered to their names, have left their homes, have left their work, havo gone, and the door ol' death has softly closed, and they return no more. Mun whoso names have been the rallying cry of thousands iii the great busy European world,' as well us those whose forms have been 'long familiar 'in' our own fiity streets. The great Irish leader, CHARLES PARNELL, hits been called ' from the boat and turmoil of his1 long and desperate struggle for ( his country. WILLIAM SMITH, the strong- hearted, honest leader of the English Commons, has for ever left the broad acres of his cherished homo on tho banks of the Thames. Rich and poor, high and low, the learned and the ignorant, no ranks of life have beeirexeinptedjSorrow and sickueas and death have been amongst us. Earth- quake and lamine, tompo3t and pesti 'lence, have made unwonted havoc through the wide world, death in its inost terrible forms, self-sought aud sudden, has ended many a life iof sin and sorrow, since wo last heard the Christmas bolls, and yet wc 'hail agaiu with joy, mingled willi saduess, the return of tho Christinas season. And, strange as it may seem, ,itib the serions of life that touch oui heurts moil forcibly ut Christnn'8 time , it is sympathy with sorrow, nut joyj that opans our hearts to wauls I our fellow mea at this season of peace áiicl goodwill. i 'j ' ; A \ " A writer' in Lux Mundi says : " There is something under our pre- sent condition, in the very expausi ve- ness of joy, which dissociates, while sorrow seems to wold us like hammer strokes on stoeir It is thö nationality nho.no members have togethor struggled for existence, the soldiers who have faced the bhock of battio side by side, the persecuted party, the husband and wife who have known common suffering that aro most inti- mately, indissolubly ono. Nor is this union merely negative liko the bond which fellow piisonors fool, and yet would eagerly escapo from if tlioy could. It is duo to a distinct sense that the common crisis has aroused all that is highest and noblest and most spiritual, and therefore most sym- pathetic in the soul." And so it is, sorrow not joy thut is nearest to our hearts, it is sympathy for the weary and heavy laden and the helpless and lonely among our fellow men and women that prompts the kindlier thought, the wider sympathies, that are so closely associated with Christmas time, and its message of goodwill. Chimo on, O,' Christmas bells, chimo on I While we pauso before the lowly manger and consider the stupendous I fact with which its simple story brings us fuco to face each Christmas sousou year by year. " The history of o'certain humau life which purports.to bo-whioh cither is or is not-the hinge-point of all history whatever." What is the interpretation to us of that marvellous appearance upon tho 8tuge of human existence ? What is the meaning of that soul , stii ring which every year wo feel as I the Christinas season returns ? Is it | not a edi to each oae1 to ariso to a i bettor life I ' To tuke our 'part in life's ' real drama ; to interpret- to the world the message ' of1 ¡ good- Will and love to our neighbour ; to deter- mine that as far as lies in our power, the sad lessons of the past year, the sorrows, the frauds, the failures, the 'sudden dying out of life in hearts that 'after years of toil have been broken Hy disappointment, shall not bo re- peated in the years that are to corno? .That GOD'S , message of good-will to men and peaco ou earth shall be pro- claimed, not iii joy ] bells,' not by Cathodral1 choirs,t not in graceful sentences from the pulpits of oui Churohes by white-iobed priests, but in the purity of our" domestic life, in the honesty that shull guide our trade', j by the integrity und not self- seeking I that shall rule 'the men É/W1IO guide the helm of Slate, by tho fearless utterance of truth fiom our pulpits by mon whose lives do not belie the truth that they ' proclaim ? ' And,! let the humblest of GOD'S cieatures roceive their share of the (blessings ofi good- will-the message was for them as well as us ; the cattle upon a thousand hills, as well as their owners, aro in GOD'S sight ; the faithful, patient, loug suffering, dumb creatures, who live, and toil, and give their lives foi us ; " the swallow twittering 'neath tho straw-built shed ;" the hen that gathers her chickens under her wings ; let thein all feel the good-will, in wholesome food, in necessary shekel, in protective laws, and Sabbath rest. Aud poace shall reign and Christ mus joy bells ring, and earth's thousand voices echo the joyous caiol " Hark the herald angels slngr " ~~ Glory to the noH-born King," 'Ring on, s«eet Christmas chimes, ring on ' Ano VE we liave touched upon one aspect of the mind which naturally occtns at this season, when reflection and ineclitatiiiu are, or should "bo, more earnest than ever. It has beeu remarked many times and by many persons, that the most joyous natures are those which aro prone to melan- choly, and that the loftiest minds have a deep under-current of sorrow, born of the keen perception of the woes of " this unintelligible world." SIIMEEY has told us that " the sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought, j and so it has eror beon. The literary models of the world, the Greeks,' de- lighted, if we may -use the word, in plays which awoke the deepest melan- choly aud even horror, for their theme i was'most frequently the relentlessness of j fate, aud ¿ho ¡to_rriblo',raiseiies'to which so mauy brave meu were doomed. Even the very latest papers from .Europe contain speculations as to wliy"^'liuigliter is' 'dying 'out' of the world, the'conclusion''being reached that kunwled^ulbtiugi with it sorrow/ anti that as'tue world gro'ws-wisor-it becomes' móije1 íhela'úchply,, '"Whether this is so i or not we ueed not now speen-*' 'late. At this season 'we should be ,'supi,emqly foolish to' meet troubles (.half-way,, or to turu J our minds solely On « the night side of Nature, iii ^org'elfuludss , of 'the ' brighter one, andi oh ithe thousands of good deeds quietly done which ' help to rocjeem much that might, well other- wise make us " shut the book and sit (its down and' die." We' have, as our leaders haye no doubt,observed,a very 'clever Now York correspondent, who contrives in each of his letters to give us au account of ¿tattling events, his favourite thorne being, the unmasking of religious hypocrisy, or n vivid con- trast betweou the splencloiu of somo man or woman a fow years ugo aud their misery, poverty, and degradation now. The readers of these letters in this distant part of the world might well conclude that New York is a veritable hot-bed of sin and sorrow, where tho heat of society and custom fotces hmall vices into a gigantic growth, until they become absolute mo'nsters of shame and iniquity. But, it is not so.'' All huge communities have, as all know, their share of sin, misfortune, and crime, but he who sees no other aspect, is like the globe- trotters who write about our morals and our manners, one of whom has discovered that the language of bul lock-di ivers is the language of tho poople, and that native of Riverina, who has beon the best patt of his life on ¡horseback, the new Australian type of a man. Lotus have nought to do with such warped judgments as those, and lot us, also take I care that our own jndgmouts i aie not warped by dwelling too much on one side of the ptctutej and that the dark, and for that ie.t-1 son, the most attractive one to mauy minds. Let us remember, too, whether we read disnertatious 011 morals, mauners, or on political action, that i the rarost of all things in this world js a niau who can see things as they J are, which is, in truth, but to.be the! possessor of the supreme development of common sonso. Lot us turn, thon, to tho other sido i of tho question, and __ ask__ourso\vos how much wo havo to bo thankful for ? This small island of Tasmania, in- significant to the groator part Q( tho world, yet all in all to us, has escaped many of tho woes that other parts haye undergone. There havo been no convulsions of nature, no furious storms with their horrors of tho loss of property and lifo, no malignant diseases ' such as other placos havo suffered) and do still suffer, from. Wo havo had moro than our usual share of sickness in the past yoar it is true, but wo havo been but lightly tonchod as compared with our neighbours, whilst wo may say that wo havo had immunity when wo consider what has happened in moro distant parts of the world. In our public lifo, albeit there is much', to reform and something to regret, wo havo had no fierce struggles, nor are wo torn with factious which do not reason but only abuse and fight. This state of affairs our neighbours aro apt' to terra slow, fancying, apparoutly, that there is some special merit in political discord, but wo need not onvy them, oven though they aro inclined to decluro that thoy aro much better than our- selves. Even our financial misfortunes, which have been to a certain extent calamitous, havo not loft much visible trace, though, doubtless, many a home will havo loss merry and a less pros porous Christmas by reason of the blind folly of a few men who wore trusted with the management of the interests of many. Still, with all theso draw- backs, with all our difficultioi, our troubles and our incapacities, tho holiday season comes to us and find us iu holiday mood, happily à modest, quiet mood, but none the less one which proclaims that thero is much content and enjoyment of a îational kind. Most of our troubles in this'life are of ' our'own making. Most of the troubles of com- munities arise from their not taking "tho 'good the gods tprovido,"> but seeking to seem rather than to be, to do more than' their "means warrant with comfort and satisfaction to thom1 .selves. -Yet, ns we have said, in spite of all drawbacks, he who' will go forth during this holiday season and observe for himself, will see a people quiet and* orderly, even, perhaps, as some may I think, to the verge of duluess, showing all the marks of comfort and coûtent, all the signs that they find life at least not a burden, and that they have the means 'to live fairly well. Our streets, our convey - linera of all sorts will be crowded with parents and children all well dressed, the children showing ''unmistakable proofs that they are not neglected in any way, and with fewer evidences of poverty than aro to be observed'iu any other part of the world. To all these, the vast majority, Christmas comes os a joyous time,1 when there are reunions of families, when , care is thrown to the winds, when it is felt that the past is au earnest of a pro- sperous future, and when " hope rules aud land fur ever greeu." Wo may, therefore, wish our readers, what we beliovo the bulk of them will have A MnnitY_ CHRISTMAS. Si.LiNO ouisolves as others soo us is not always pleasant, but is admitted to lia usually proiitable. In financial matters, ut all uvo its, this ia most desirable, booauao what wa s'iall gut from others depends upon what viuw they tako of oin position und our Integrity. Judging by a letter willoh is published by the Melbjumu Iniurance Jiecorcl, said to bo written by an English Statist, the way ia which our üuuuoiul uflaiis uro looked at in Loudon is by no means coinpllin-ntary tj outsohos, 01 to tho manner in which our busi- ness has boen dono. The wrltoi speaks of " the rouklosj in innor in i which the Au» ti alian fmauooB gouorally have boon admiaistorod, and the Govern inont lodgers have buen kept," und thinks that this may ilutar investors fiom lending to ,tlio colonies ou any terms, Ho rovie ws ] the ilitloreiice botwoea promises and per- I formancos, allowing that what was solemnly engaged to bo elono wlioii the last Victorian loan was issuod has not been done-that is, overdrawn accounts havo not boon stjuai od. Bul, wliit uppoars'ta bi) the re ii cause of miieh of till) ¡loubfc tint exists, apart from thob.d mauagoment and appareut roakloss. uess, is the faofc, now made plim, that a gioutdeal of tho boriouod money has liol 'boon spuntiu repioductivo works,'Tho rook loss lailway melting ia Victoria, with the consequent idulioit, the failuro to-obtain tile'payment of inteiest ou the cost of water 'wocks, are all toforicd to, und wo eau gather itluij, the most miuuto¡détails ,o£ our fiuuucoB uroi actually j known in Loudon. Both Mr. 1 Munro and'Mi. Dibbs como in for heavy censure, us both uro shown to bo inóiipublo finuucluis, tho plain conclusion drawn |hoing', that tile colonies and thoir M ¡matins cannot bo trusted. Wliat the writor would have bj.i j had ho known that tho oolouios proposed Treasury bills for many millions, nu oau mu illy vont mc lo gueis, but'tho telogiaph has already informed us us to what is thou ght generally of thu pioposal. It is ovidout lliut tlioro is a feeling existing which will pu veut the colon es gotting olf their loans fo, a considerable tuno, windi i-i based ou the fact that tho ro^uils produced uro not sulh cicut to warrant tho expenditure ah emly made and now proposed. It is cvea pjiutod out that the Government uuditois do not 8ui-m,to be any chock on tho loosu method of keepingaocountB, whilst their warnings ate ultoguthoi disiuguidoJ. Tasmania is not moutioued in tliese cuticisms, but It is ulcui that thu colon len ure looked on as being in the samo stato, from which we may oxpoot to anuru the odium an 1 distiust cast upon tha otlieij. Tho w itorhnishos by doclariug that the bankers assure lum, that " uulosa, during thi next fivo years, an Asout-General is appointed who thoroughly uu-lorstauds finalice, it will furn badiy with the colouy oi Victoria, and a similar qualification is urgently demanded m the othoi Australian Agents-Gouoral " ' Tim SuiTLKMENT to-day contains Inter- colonial Telegrams, Launceston, Tasmanian Kxhibitiou, Mining, .Stock and aliare, Country News, Strange Story of Fraud, Nowa and Notes, Advertisements. OAIILE INTKHKUI~ION. - Tho following memo was received from Adelaide by tho Tolegraph Dnpartmi-ut lust evuuing : - " Sever« storms Fort Darwin line, north of Alice Springs, delaying cubic luiaiii. nj. Cunuol got uoything through, na Roebuck linu working badly. TKUEOUAI'IIIC'.-The Victorian tolcgraphic holiday arrangements aro us follows : Boxing Day and JS'oiv Vcar's D¿y oflioeu open H.'iU a in. io 10 a.tu und dom G p.m. to 7 p.m. Christinas Day same us Sunday. The following memo, from Ade'aidu was ie ceivcil ut tho Teleg uph Odiceyesterday ; " üomliay notilies l'oliurun ronlo restored." U.NÜI.A1MEU XubEuitAnid. - Messages ud dresuud U. Tuulier, Jîast View, Miss Wells, 51, Diivoy-sLrcet, Mrs. Shelton, Jleury street, await claimants ut tho Telegraph Otüce. : ' ; ' ' ' MAVOR'S COCUT. -There was no Utting at the Mayor's Court yeeterday. TBNDKHS ACOKPTKD.-Tho foil .wing t,". ders havo boon aocoptod for puhlio work« ¡_! Road, Victoria to 1'ort Gygnot, contractT Grace and Murphy, «i'4u Is. 8d. Roa(]' Campania to Swausoa (Thumh's Hill dcvia'. tion, contract 2, P. C. Wagner, £184 10,"" Road, Upper Broadmarsh through Hunting Ground to Croon Ponda, contract l,í)ntúi Bros, und day, £217 11s. ¡Id. R04(j Prossor's Forest-roiul from Pipir's River road, contract 4, D. Callaghan, 1272 5s, 8il Roads, vicinity of Cam mid Scabtouk, rona lo.ding to C. Burni'll's seluetion, oontract 28, .1. Gadshury, £¡15 7s Roads, l'uiishcs of AsliHiitor un « Stowport, road to lota of Messrs. M. Hayos und others, contract 4!) \V. J. Elliott, £12 10a. 2d. Road, Unnor Piper, road west from Lilydalo station, coi,. tract 57, Hardonbagon and Somerville, £87 2s. 7d. Ro«d, Pariah of Kay, road to selec- tions of Messrs. Peniiefathor, Harrison Outline, ami othors, contract l8, Copple*. stone Hros., £270. Thu fol'.owiug toudcrs uro cancelled :-J. Harvoy.for contract 1 roads, deviation at Blue Anchor Hill {Xow Norfolk to Gretna) J, Harvey, for contract 1, rond, dovîati ,n nour lliidvy park to Gobboy's Crook (Uxbridgo- rnad). Tho ten dor of J. Boworman, jim., for contrnct 2, load, Ouse to Victoria V-illoy, iratisfcmd to Davis, Davis, ami Oray.| CiiittsTMAS EVK.-For »orno time post thrre has cuun gre it financial depression m Hobart, tho cause of which is well know« ; ? buta visitor arriving boro within the hint few duya would havo some difficulty ¡n recognising tho fact, judging by tho bright and busy aupcct of the streets. L'ist night thu dillijulty would havo boen »till greater, bucuuso the principal thoroughfares have runly, if ovor, pros anted a moro uuiinutcil or i-huorful *pp arunco Crowded with well, dressed citizens and with Bhop« on each side that wou d do ciedil to any city in Aus- tralasia, Livoi pool-street was quite a picture, tho shops apparonlly doing an excellent business, und Hie hotels diiving a brisk but still will- sonducted trade. Though tho display in the shops of the citygeuerully Wus uot equal to that of pioviou* years, yet there were s uno uotablo exceptions, and it is not too much to say that as for as the butchers und provision merchants are con- cerned the ' show has oiTtaiuly nevtr bren surpasbod. Beef and mutton, pork and poultry, wore very fino, while tho display of fiuit und vogotublos WUH a good way beyond thJ ntaudard of paBt yrars. Sumo ot the fruit shops in Elizab'uih- slreot, aa well us those in othor thur.uglifarcs, woro most tastefully decorated, und the splciwlid l/oo churrias, strawliorrits, raspberries, oherricB, etc., showu equalled any. thingi previously Boen in the city. Tim good old custom of decorating tim fiont of tho establishments with hushes has not ahogo1 her died out, though shorn of tho grandeur to which it once attained, and the result was that tim aspect ' of thu streets wai materially ¡ln. proved. Iho crowd continuad to peram- bulate'tho streets till a lata hour, und jokes and laughter, music und song, were beard on all Bides, show mp that in tuts as in otlnr lcspucts Christmastide is a, heartily apple ciated in this fair city ui in any plaou in tho Quoon's Dominions, During the eviniug variouB baudu of musio pat aded the streets, and pi .ymg/lively' airs added considerably to tho plrasuro of the puradrrs as well as to the uttruetivunoea of the scene. ] Tniä IiurEliiAL1 iNHTiTorH.-Tho scorotary to the Tasmania» committee lina received from tho Institute' uutlioiitles, a coloured -p|an und tkoteh ulovutlouB, Bhowing the pie llminury allutinaut ot upaco iu tim building to be ocoupiod by thu purmnnont uollootions of tho économie' aud iudu.tilul pioduetsof 'tho Unitod Kingdom, the colonies, and Indiu, Thirty-eight d fib eui colonies and dependencies are located in tho oaatcru aud western arcados and iu tin iutei modisto ga lory, which muí right across the build- ing, and has a length of 750ft., the gallery being ,'IOft. wide. 1'asmania is well situated in the eastern ? section nf this gallery, third "ii om tho grand entronco hall, uud heading the othor Austral si in colonies. Enumerat- ing the colonies iu tliis section they staud as follows:-Now Zealand, Now Guinea, Tus mania, Western Australia, Queensland, S mtli Australia, Victoria, and Kew .South Wales Tho Court ia ¡loft. lOiu. x 30ft. and affords accommodation for a compaut and intcrosliug disp'ay.' About 15 largo canes of exhibits uic on their way to Kngluuil, par- ticular* of which will bo given slim Hy, but thoio who dcBiro to be noticed iu connection with tho opojiug CM antony should forward thuir samples to Mr. Creswell'« Blore, Murray-street, at once, so that they may he Hhippod during tho coming month. SCIENOC CONGRESS.-The, General Secre- tary to tho Austra,uBiuii Association for the Advancement of Sciunco (Mr, A. Morten) ycstoiduy received from the several colonies a list of members who intond being preeeul ut the Cougrovs, which ia to begin ut Uobait on Jauuuryi7 next. The Kit includes uti tho leading srioutifij men in Australasia and ? many others interested in soioucu. Every- thing is in a forward stato for the forth- coming meeting, and as none but members will bo admittod to the various suctions a vnry large number of residents of Hobart huvu joined the Hoyul Society. Ladies ure admitted to equal privileges with full mem- bers for a foo of Ga., and many havo joined. On Thursday, January 7, when Sir Jume« Hector, the present President, will resign the President-elect (air Hubert Huuiilton) will deliver the Prcaidoutial adilieaa. During that ovoning Mr. F. A. Packer, lion, city orguuist, will play tho National Anthem, uni also a selection uf music, wh.ch he hue specially composed fur this gathering. A Bia SNAKE.-At theTasmuuinn Museum yesterday wo saw u large black or carpet snake, ho]>locepitalu* curtas, which bad been sent to the Cuia or (Mr. Alox. Morton) hy Mr. Jb\ S. Kendall, the woll-kuown druggist, of'Oatlands. Mr. Kcud.,11 stated iu his letter thai tho siiuko was killed by Mr, D. McDonald in Mrs. M. Bevau's guidon, which is just outbido ibu township, und when killed measured Git. Tin A rabbit proof fence surrounds tho garden, und it is supposed that his suakchhtp must have boon living in the gardeu bofuie tho fence was erected. When Mr. MuD nuld saw him ho made au effort to get out, hue Itudiug ho could not, he turned on his io.', aud rearing himself on his tail, made uti night for Mr. McDonald. A good stout rail that Was handy eUscluulIy quietened the reptile, and lie was soon packed for trim mission to Hobart per ex ,prrisi., In the couran of e. day or two visitors to .tho Muuuuni muy see how ho looks in spit ils. Puru. TKAOHKUH' EXAMINATIONS.-Tho following is tho result of ilio pupil touchers' examinations I-Fourth your: W. Wright, 870 ; ¡f. Ü. littleham, 78.2 : P. CurUon, 7-10 ; Miss Cautos, UU3 ; Miss T. J. ^ule, 083; Miss L. M Smull, 074 ; Rheuben > Judd, , 005 ; F. W. Page, 587 ; B. Swuiuston, 624 ; Alies ti. M. Kalloity, 434. Third year : Alias Jf. JÎ. MoWiliiums, 508 ; Miss A. J. Coates, 560 ; Miss'A. V. «lack, 530 ¡ Miss C X, Maron^y/öSB; Stoplien Wellington, 514; A. G. Wilkinson, 340. Second year: Miss D. M. Proctor, 450 j Miss F. M. Jillcll, 449; Miss M. Mowutt, 443 ; MHB K. Judge, 404 ; W. D. McFuiluue, 397 ; Robert LOP, 3113 ; MisB A. Liviubston, 380 ; W. ii. Grath wioko, 344; ii. H. Uointoy, 317; Miss li. .Norman, 312; P. J. Huyo«, 202; Miss N. Ü. Donnolly, 231. First Ycr : Miss N. K. llannilo», 414 ; Miss K. G. Kemp, 309 ; Mi s M S. Thorp, 303 ; Miss G. Kalbtoll, 339 ; Denis Maloney, 330 ; H. (J. Simpson, 288 ; VV. \V. McGuigitu, 209. lim mirk« obtained by Wright uro tho highest ou ivcord iu Foin til Year OAUininuiious. It is woithy of intii tiuu tlial the tsvo young ludios who aro st tho hoad of tlioThud Ytar candida tea base all through tim omine come out at the examination» lomarkubly close togetliei. 'J'lietliat yuur they tied, tho sccoud your Miss Coated obtained tlireo maka more than her uval, and in tho Third Year exam nation, as mil bu uoticed, Mils Me Williams beats Miss Coates by two marks Miss alo Williams has obtained uullin 83 marks of tho possible. MABOWO - KM Bro. Steane i>irived per express last evening, and was met at ttie a at.on by several Past Masters. Bro. Steane will leetuie at the Muuouio Ball on Weduesday evening next, when, no doubt,' us many of the fraternity na eau make It convenient to attend will avail themselves »f thu opportunity of lioaiiug this well known leotui cr. iill Masons of any degree aro cordially invited. It io expected that tho Deputy G.M. will preside. ÏMB ROSSKIJL'S FALLS COUMKV.-A speci- men of cocksfoot, or as tho Americans call it, orchard grass, grown in the Kufsell's Falls country, has bet u left at this office by Mr. W. J. J. Ruyuolds, who ic'.urucd from that picturesque spul yesterday. It was grown ou laud owned and tee ntly suiubbcd by Mi. Macuolt, uf Tyenna, ami is 5ft. Oin. i i length uml stands bo Illicitly upon thu gi omul that a couple of " blows" with a ney tho outs enough for a good food for a home. Mr. Reynolds iiifoimu us thal hu illino through frun Ijeunii to Hobart iu on, duj without in uny way (IU-UCIHIUK hid pony. The ion IH in the' Kubsell's Falls Valley ho describo-i us e-xociublo. ISI'NUAV JOxvitths TiiMN.-lu anticipation of a luigu nuiu'.or of pusBcngcrs arriving in Lauueca on on Sunday by u.s Pateena fioin Medboumo tlie General Mnnpgcr.of Ruilw,aj;s , hasurriuiged for'u train to tuu fioill Hptyac.t .* -to meet the steamer aad return« 'the "««ne tint u the weekday express. REV. THOMAS GHENT, R. A.—This gentle- man left Hobart yesterday , in the s.s. Talune for New Zealand with Mrs. Ghent, the Bishop of Auckland having offered him work in his diocese. During the two years he has been curate at St David's Cathedral, he has formed many personal friends, and his duties of precentor and connection with the parish council and other offices have been marked by much ability, so that his sever- ance now from the Cathedral parish of the colony will be a loss to many worshippers there. The members of the congregation therefore were desirous of bestowing some mark of their esteem upon him before he left, and in a very short time a willing con- tribution was made towards a purse of sovereigns, which was presented to him, to- gether with a nicely printed address on satin, by the Mayor, Mr. T. A. Reynolds, who is a member of St. Davids Parish Council, conveying an expression of the appreciation his services were held in, and signed by the members of the Cathedral Board. When the steamer left the wharf, amongst the large number present were the Bishop of Tasmania and some of his clergy, Mr. and Mrs. Ghent's friends amongst the laity being there also to take part in the final leave-taking. CHRISTMAS nmiiton SLRVIOKS.-Special olioral »cn îconhavebeen al rai-gcd to takepliice al llie vin iona A ml oan and Roman Catholic Churches to day. , At i>t. l>m id'-s,CuthodiaI Hhly C iiiiuuiiioii will bo 'ccltbrut d atv 7 a m. and at 12 noon ; matins lind sertnon by the Bishop nfc 11, and carol service with »udicst by tho Deni ut 7 pin At St. Miuy's « C. Catlir-drul in liiatcdat 7,8 anil ') o'clock, nndatl la. m there will b» solemn High Mass, whin ihe cho'r. assiBioil hy lending amutcuis und with full orchostnl iieomnp miment, will, ' render <|onnod's Mawe SoleuniUe. Sermon* will he preached nt inri'ss 'an .' 'at Vespers. Trio' re- opening of St. JIB pii's Churoh in connection with its (¿olden Jubilee will ituko.plncn to- day. Masses will ho' ctlobratod at G, 7, 8, !» 30, 10, and High MUBS Coram Pontífice at li o'clock, ltev, FalherJCclsh will preach and tho choir will render, d/csxe Soltnntllc mid oilier sacred1 muMa appropriate to the festive season., At AU .Saints' Church the services will'lie: Holy, Chnni/unioii ut 7.45, a.m., morning pmycr and Holy Communion (choral) at 11 a ml',. bat'no aeruee in'the evening. At Holy' Trinity Chu'eli,'Com- munion nt 7 30 a.m., choral matins aud second celebrulions at, 11 n".m , evensong nt 7 p.m. Sr..; John's, Goulliuni-strcot.Coin inunion (choi'iil) at 7.40a. in., morning player, Ncrmon, and Communion at 11 n.m,, ami choral evensong with ai rmoii at 7;p m. ST, JOHN'S, Got'LiiDitN-sTKEET. - The musical so vices to-day will bri :-At'early choral cruV'tation, old Christmas carol, " Christians awako, suint« the happy morn," ftirsiim Gorila, Sanrlwi;Gloiia, D.kcs in F ; «luting ollcrtory.'/olo, ".lllossod be He that cotuoth " (Barnby). Matins, 11 o'clock, Christmas hymn, " Hark, the herald augols," Te J)e\un and Jubilólo. Hru'eoy- Salt in G; nntnem, '"roll y-< the daughter'of Zion" (K. ,'A. Packer); concluding i with "Adelte Fidel a ¡" sonc of tho angfls, "While shepherd« watohetl " (C 'S.'Picker,); "Sevenfold'Anieii ". (Stainer).' 'T)urlngoffor-J, tory Gounod',p"-Nuzaretli;" TallU'ii festival Responses throughout. Kvo.naing/ 7 o'clock, tiingran in E flat ; antlu-nv'f Ari-o,1 'shine, for thyi lightf is »come1' (B vy); Staiuoi's " Sovcnfold Amen." Tho rorvicos will b'j the samo on Sunday, next, with tho exception of the evening nntheut, which will be Sullivan's " It carno upon tho midnight oloar." 'After the service on Sunday evening the choir will render soiie of thV Nativity : music of Handel's MrMiah, including the soprano solo, " Rcj deo ''greatly," ul o . Gounod's " Nazarolh." Tim organist of the ohureli (VIr. F A. Pucker) will also give a short organ recital. ' SUNDAY Suavices.-At . Hie Weslcynn Churches on Sunday next tho ntrvioos will he as follons:-Melville Btroot, 11 a.m , Itev. D S. Lindsay ; 7 p in , Rev. D. Auncar. Davey-strcot, 11 .a.m.,, Rov. 'D. Anticar ; 7 p.m., Row D S. Li'idnay. Hiifh street, Hum, Mr. G. \V. Ifu j 7p in., Mission Band. Broan's River, 3p.m , Mr. WV Smith, Luisdowiio-crcBoeiit, 7 p ni., Mi. C. Johuiaui. At Chalmuis 1'rciby tollan Church tho . Rev. C. ft, Talbot is to preach on Sunday morn iug and uwning ., at St Andrew's the Itov. Dr. Scott conducts both Bcrvicos. At the JIi motlal Coiigregiitioual Chinch the Rev. G. W. Sharp c uducfci worship at 11 a.m. and 7 p.iii.,"tak ng fur his Biibject " The Tide of the Year." The " Adesto Pídelos," urr.Higoi] by Novello, will he sung at the evoiiinii service, and Jackson's Te Dtnm on iSuiiiluy morning. Pastor McCullo'ieh takes both services ut the Hobart Tubornntlo, and the Ruv I. K. Mcintyre ptoaehes nt St John's Presby- terian Church, Macquarie- ti cot, morning And evening. Mr E. Iluthoit will deliver a (impel address at the People's Hall at 7 p iu. " Tttoii. CHRISTMAS BEIÍIA - HOI ouring an | old Ungfish custom the mcnibois of the Uohait Bullring, ra1 Association at midnight Uti night null, icd in Chi hitman "morning iiith a puil on the Ti ¡nity Church bell«, ll'c tones of those bolls, "deir old bells" AS many Hobai tiuns have ltaruod to call Hiern, spake of inuch solace amid prêtent tabulation. SfcAsoNAiiLK CiiAiim'.-The relieving depot was yeaterduy morning the seine of a \o'y pie saut gin boring for thoao principally concerned, thu récipients of Goveriimoutaid lecelviug Lli> if neu ii allowances for the du ¡stilus season Each, man and woman nassupplloil wi'h 21b. of meat, 2 b. of Hour, lib. of currants, lib. of laisins, Jib. of eocou, pa, ket of spica, ¿lb. tea, and two pieces of candied pe< 1\. Familiosweiesuppliod mtli double luttons anil 81b. of meat, und mairicd couples ficcivcd un extra pound of meit Thete are now 127 persjus leeeiving liovcrnuictit aid from the d-put ; aud among those who Were us-istod ycsteiduy «oro a unmbcr of pei sons iu r< ocipt of wcokiy redi f from the Benevolent Sociotv. Ila BINGHAM CUOWTHISK ARUKSTCU. Mr. Brruurd Shaw, Commissioner of Police, leceivcd a telegram li oin the police utttho titios at Colombo late on* Wediieslay even- ing, iufoiming him of , the, at ri'st of Dr. Bingham Crowthei' ut,lhut piuco during(the day. The absconding inediorf was on bo»r|l' the R.M.8. Arcadia und as it was known to the police anthoiitioä hero that lie leff, Adelniilchy that vessel ob tho ICtli iusk.'steps nero'taken'to 'have him''arrostod iipin' airli'al at Colombo.' It will be renieinbeied that n charge ot malpiuctioo liad been laid against him and thutJ whiUtwot» bail ¡ hu absconded.' On receipt of tho oablegi'am the (Joimni-Bionor forwarded il'uopy of it to Mr( Superintendent P dder, oí the Hobart Ci|y I'olicc, whoso duty it is ib talco any furthtr luocofdiugs. Wo .undoi'stlind tbut Mr Pedder ¡monda" despatching nu ollicc-r to Colombo to bring , buck i tho , accused, but before ho can do> so 'it ¡will bs nocoBS»ry.to tat>o the depositions of the wonun Annio Jordan Cope, Dr. Put dey, and other witnesses in order that tho mnpistratcs of that placo may decide whether the evidence is stiUicicut to wai i ant thom in committing'him "to the custody of the olti, er. This will piobably be doue ou f donday .next, s > tliut the constable may leave by the liist boat. CITY POUCH: Coom'-Tho Bench was occupied yester lay by Mes ra Tarleton, Po'ico Magistrate, und .Riddoch,1 J.P.' Willi un .Kennedy, plojded guilty to ,being drunk in Davey.atiett on Wednesday. ' Ho vos fiii'd 5)., or in default seven days. Mrs. Noblo appcircd to prosoouto her husband for neglecting to support her. It was poin od out that an application was tunde in tliW C.16D on tho 10 b ins t., and Noble uAS ullowo 1 time to ni'-ud his wuys He did not do Ibis but oto i ted ii disturb- ance, and u'oB imptisoncd for ii fortnight. As ho na« still in gaol t'io Bench was unable tOHi\Ue«u order. The ouse was adjourned «»til Tiicsiliiy next. Gooige Doddendgo «?is uliaigcd willi obtaining goods undct fiteo protonoos fiom Heury Vautin OM tho 23th ult. William Court, shoemaki r, Ros«, , kuewDoddeiioVafroiu a hoy. Had taught I him his trade. Piismiot had no nuthoilty to sign iiuy iloctimouts on bib (witness') behalf. Ttiey,»cre not ni partnership Mr. Oiiep (or Hie ditfenuo : Js not prWonor a rilotiveof yours! Huve you not given hiinuuthorlty to (irdoi leather on your behalf? Wilnc-s íoplied tjiatDoddoildK« had prdend grindery goods through him, but not without his permission. Henty Vautin deposed to li iviug addi cased certain materials to one Win. Court, a fenner cuitoinor, ou tho strength of uu order purporting to huve como from Court. Ue wotild not swear the goods pioduend were the same m ordered Had not, been paid for I horn The value of the gnods wag £2 12s. J.v. Willums und John Coffey »ero also examined Owing to the iu complete niiluro of the ovldouce tho cus>> was lotnitndod until Tnursduy next. Hail «aaiofuscd. CuitlAOB POMCE Couit'l' -The bench wita occupied at tho Olarcuco Police Court ycsiot'day by tho Acting Walden, Mr. C. Chipman, Ohaigcs nguioBt l'>co rnd Daw lou for non-payment of rates wci o heard ex IK» te. Th« di f mdiuu s wereoi dei ed to pay the «mount c aimed and 5s co t«. Four similar canes «oic uithdiuwu, tho patties summoned haiing paid their rates. One Beck was lined 2s. Od , coo's'remitted, for diiving will out light* ui IWlciivc ou the 18lh itiat tiioliolun Cunsloti waa chniged with using obiconc language at Cumbriilgo on the 3rd mot. A flno of 10s Od and 12a. (iib oosls waa imposed, or jn dofault ,14 days' im pnaouinou t, Thd CoitrtTthon rose. * Í OFPi.Tïronus ?-AtnSt.*Gborgo,«|cBatttry l'oliit, suit at St. Stephen's, Sandy Buy, the offortory this morning will be devoted to the Melanesian Mi- slcn. ) ': HE LAWTEHS' Hoi.iriAV.-Tho opponents to the long holiday in'legal circle, did lint give in, and so the lawyers will hu back ia thou offiocs again on Tuesday next, How- ever, as almost cv.ry firm iu tho , oily favoured tho proposal it is' ti' bn tdcW'np by tho Liw Soeioly with tha^ibioot of mak- ing the Christmas holidays in future yours ex ond from ChrUtmsB Mvo to Jannsrv 2. I OLD Fatr.Niis "NOT" FOUSAKKNI"-A or-' rospoudont writes :-','.In a gai den about,» milo t rom the towndiip of Bothwell can( bi viewrd two hushes eich of >tho,Jfavouritb K gindi roso?, Monthly and Maiden's Hush, in nil thoir blooming bniuly, cultivated by en old English woman." t / O ,s / i ii ' ¡, 1 A CONTHAIHOTIOK.--"Ju»lico" i,writing from Sorell says a eorrespjndont'a report oil a ball r.ccntly hold llipie W,IB in.enor in roferring to Mr. Pritchard as tho'sccrctaiy. Ho hud resigned that poiition tome tuna hofnre the bull touk place, and was certainly not u inoiig tho ladies and g> iittumeii WHO ivoi keil hard to bring the bu'l to a successful issue. ' i \ i * , i ! ' I i CiiKAf Tiiirs OK MAIN LIMI;.-Mr. Back notifies that tho,timo.for,Uii rolurii jourm-y. o' cheap tiip tickets, issued betwcenlb'liari and lisunocston yesterday and 'to/day, nan been extended from the 20th i nut. to Monday, tho 28th. ' ' ' ' i ?" KfcMiTON FLOWER SHOW--Tho Kempton" Horticultural Society's summer Î xnibltion Is t'i tsk« pisco on New \ euVO.y. '"As ilia T, clure Hall has beon dcstioyed by fire, the railway goods-sheds,havo' bceiijSOCurod for tho purpose of holding 'tho show,'« lilch will bo openo I at 3 o clock on tin day named. Entries must bo sent to tho tear . t.ny, Mr. John Lumsden', >on' or biifore Monday next. SUNDAY Cosen«. -Tho City Hani have anangod a progiumme of sauivd music foi their promen d* concert on Sunday night at tho Kxh bition-buildlug Tho''Chiist-, mas Hymn," tho " Hilleluiuh Chotus," and the " Hoivens are lolling " are sumo of tho pt iucipal items sot down for the evening Tun MESSIAH.-This evening Iho Com binod Choirs, with the usBÍstunco of' Miss Colbourno Babcr, will pet foi m The ¿Icamah at the To» n Hall. As the oratorio1 has bean in active and enroful rehearsal for somo con- siderable time, the performance is expected to he a gnat musical treat. *" COACHING.-Messrs Fisher anti Rule, piopiictors of tho Brown's RivcV coaches, liuio laid ona coach hctwcin Pepporm'nt Bay and Hobart. Tho first trip will be mad« on Tuesday next, the 'couch loiviog the Biyat CIS a.m., and io turning from Hob ii t at 4 p ni. . ' ' ' l OI'FIOIAL SHIIKDS ASD PATCHES.-This Is from the Melhoume' Erening Standard "Tncrcaro people « ho say Ihut tho Hon. the Postmaster General ' is nt his old'gainés again.' Christmas is coming with ^mas- querade and pantomime, and it may be that toe lion, g'litloman is looking np 'props' and ideas. Otherwise, what does ho «ant with the postman's torn bri cebes! jTliç postman, in the way of duty, usltcd'a' subuthan house, and was assailed there by an unrestrained dog, who, happily, satisfied himself with onebi: of that nlhccr's m thor Sarments. The postumster ' iialnrally de mandod compensation, and compensation, it appears, can only follow un official ,iiisoeo lion by the head of the department. It is the making of a vriy pietty story-not tho first, by Iho w iy, that has he-n made ont'of similar tnatctial. The wonderful story oi 'Fishei's Ghost' Ind its origin in Fislnr's old breoches hanging on a fonc > And what may he expected from the postmtn's troiï seis when at length they pass under tho M In islei ¡al notice, and the consideration of our brightest of professional wit ?" ^ 