The Headless Ghost. Localities where any fatal accident has happened, or murder been committed, are frequently supposed to be haunted by that uncanny apparition known aa the " headless ghost." Many curious tales arc still told by the peasantry of this mysterious spectre, whose weird movements have long been the subject of comment. Sir Walter Scott, it may be remembered, speaking of the Irish dulkhan, thus writes : " It puta me in mind of a spectre at Drum ranlick Castle, of no leas a person than the Duchess of Queenaberry-' fair Kitty, blooming, young, and gay'-who, inatcad of setting fire to the world in mamma's chariot amuses herself with wheeling her own head in a wheelbarrow through the great gallery." It baa often puzzled the folkloriats why ghosts should assume thia form ; but the idea ia by no means a modern one. Sir Thomas Boleyn, the father of the un- fortunate Queen of Henry VIII., resided at Bück- ling, about 14 milea from Norwich. Accord- ing to the local belief, he ia doomed annually, on a certain night in the year, for a period of »ne thou sand years, to drive a coach drawn by four heedless horses over a circuit of twelve bridges in that vicinity. He carries his head under his arm, and few rustics are found loitering in the neighbour- hood on that night. A similar story is prevalent at Caistor Castle, the Beat of the Fastolfs ; and at Beverley, in Torkshire, the heedless ghost of Sir Josceline Percy drives four headless horses nightly above its streets, passing over a certain house which was said to contain a cheat with one hundred nails in it, one of which dropped out every year. This reason assigned for this nocturnal disturbance ia attributed to the fact that Sir Josceline once rode on horseback into Beverley Minster. It was considered dangerous to meet auch apee tral teams, for feai of being carried off by them, bo violent and threatening were their movements. " In ' Eambles in Northumberland ' we are told how " when the death hearse, drawn by headless horses and driven by a headless driver, ia seen about mid* night, proceeding rapidly, but without noise, to < wards the churchyard, the death of some consider- able person in the pariah is sure to happen at no distant period." According to the general opinion there is no authority to prove that headless people are unable to speak ¡ on the contrary, a varation of the story of the Golden Mountain, given in a note in the " Kindermiirchen," relates that a servant without a head informed the fisherman (who was to achieve the adventure) of the enchantment of the King's daughter, and of the mode of liberating her Many spots where suicides have been buried are said to be haunted by headless ghosts, attired in white grave clothes. Some few years ago, as a man was passing in a waggon with three horses a " four-lane-end" in Lyneal Lane, Ellesmere, Shrop- shire, where a man was buried, he saw a woman without a head. The horsea took frigh t and atarted off, overturning the wnggon, and pitching the man into the Drumby Hole, where the waggon and shafthorae fell upon him. The other two horaes broke loose and galloped home, and on a search being made the dead body of the waggoner waa found in the hole. Exactly twelve months after- wards his son, it ia said, was killed by the same horaes on the same Bpot. One of the ghosts of the Baschurch, in " Shropshire Felklore," ia that of a man who hanged himself at Nesscliff, and who is to be seen " riding about in hiB trap at night with- out a head." There ¡s, too, the ghost of Mary Way, a now al- most forgotten spectre of more than a hundred yeara ago. The figure of a woman waa commonly aupposed to haunt the spot where a suicida was buried, at the cross roads about two miles from Wenlock, on the Bridgnorth road, which is known as the " Mary Way" no doubt " ijrom some chapel or proce8Bional route, in honour of the Virgin." An- other inatance ia given by Crofton Croker : " Many years ago a clergyman belonging to St. Catherine's Church, in Dublin, resided at the old castle of Donore, in the vicinity of that city. From me- lancholy or some other caneo he put an end to his existence by hanging himself out of a window near the top of the caatle. After his death a coach, some- times driven by a coachman without a head, same times drawn by horses without heads, waB fre- quently obaerved at night driving furiously by Roper's Rest." At Dalton, near Thirsk, writes Mr. Baring-Gould, " ia an old barn, which is haunted by a headless woman. One night a tramp went into it to sleep. At midnight he was awakened by a light, and sitting up, he saw a woman coming towards him ,from the end of the barn, holding her head in her hands like a lantern, with light streaming out of the eyes, nostrils, and mouth. He sprang out of the bara in fright, breaking a hole in the wall to escape.'' Hunt, too, in hia " Popular Romancea," notices this superstition as existing in the West of England 3 and Mrs. Latham, in her " Sussex Superstitions," tells na how Bpirita are reported to walk about with- out their heada; others carry them under their arms; and one, haunting a dark lane, is said to have "a ball of fire Hpon its shoulders," Connected also with the legends of the headless ghost is the old belief that persons, prior to their death, occasionally appear to their friends without their heads. Dr. Ferrier, in his " Theory of Apparitions," tells of an old northern chieftain who told a relative of his " that the door of the room in which they and seme ladies were sitting had appeared to open, and that a little woman without a head had entered the room ; that the apparition indicated the sudden death of some person of his acquaintance." 