Che _5_&nt;_ burning Birralee. TBDHSJJAi; JANUARY 15, 1891. -s> THE RMS. Carthage is expected to arrive in Port Jackson about 9 o'clock this morning. THE Earl of Jersey sjriU remain, on hand side near mid-day?, when be will land at Prince's Stairs, Circular Quay. A SALUTE of 17 guns will be fired from Dawes Battery on the landing of his Excellency, and another of the same number of guns immediately after the oaths of office have been administered. a LEVEE will be held at Government House at 8 o'clock this afternoon. LADY JERSEY left London for Brindisi yesterday on her way to Australia. THE Town Hall of til ces will be closed at 11 am. to-day in order to give the officers an opportunity of witnessing the landing of the new Governor. THE Earl of Jersey is nearly 46 years of age, and was married in 1872. THE number of men on strike in Scotland is increasing.' THE Lord Provost of Edinburgh has come forward as a mediator in the railway strikes, in Scotland. THE Scotch railway companies have refused to agree to arbitration. A MESSAGE of sympathy is to be cabled to the strikers by the Victorian Railway To alfie Employes'' Union, THE Bishop of Winchester has now resigned his See, and has been succeeded by the late Bishop of Rochester. THE Liberal leaders continue to maintain a quiet attitude in England. Sir Vernon Harcourt declares that he prefers his fireside to the present turmoil of politics;. Ms. Jones HOBLET intends shortly to address his constituents at Newcastle, and will make an answer to Mr. Parnell MR. J. E. SALOMONS, Q C, M.L.C., has left London on a visit to Canada, where he intends to study the Federal government of the Dominion. ' THE date of the paper on Australia, to be read by Lord Carrington before the Royal Colonial Ins'i tute, has, in deference to the wishes of the Prince of Wales, been altered to January 26, the Anniversary Day of the colony of New South Wales, OWING to the severity of the winter in France, the river Seine has become frozen. By a break in the ice, nine persons have been drowned. in connection with the revolt in Chili caused by the collection of unjust taxes by the Government, it is reported that three of the Chilian men-of-war at Valparaiso have joined the rebel faction. THE Mayor of Newcastle in reply to a notice received from Mr. J. Williams, Crown Solicitor, that the Electric. Lighting Company's wires are dan gerous tariffs and that the down will hold the council responses c for any accidents, states that the contractors agree to take all responsibility, A KEW source of wealth for the Illawarra district will be established by the opening which is shortly to take place of a natural coke mine at Bulli. The proprietors have obtained a long contract for their product from the Tramway Department THE coke has been found to be well suited for steam locomotives, and the mine is estimated to contain 800,000 tons of the new fuel, besides learns on good coal. AT Wollongong to-day, representatives from the miners meet the coalowners in conference, a step that has never previously taken place, though solicited for many years past DELEGATES to attend the approaching con conference in Adelaide have been appointed by the Bourke Shearers'' Union and Woolshed Labourers' Union. AKOTBEB case came on at the Central Police Court yesterday for a breach of the Betting houses suppression Act, the accused being charged with receiving money on the totalisator. The case was adjourned till to-day. THE inspector of weights and measures proceeded against a number of shopkeepers yesterday, at the Central Police Court, for having unjust weights, and fines were inflicted. BETWEEN Gilgandra and Dubbo and between Girilambone and Coonamble rabbits are reported to be plentiful. THE Director-General of Forests is visiting the West to enable him to form some idea of its suitability for forest culture. THE Began country is reputed to be in grand condition on this side of Louth, but below this the grass as soon as it appears is eaten by myriads of rabbits. To assist the local shopkeepers in their efforts to gain shorter hours of work an open-air mass meeting was held in Newcastle last night, and it was decided to withdraw patronage from the establishments that did not fail in with the movement. THE R MS. Alameda was yesterday floated into dock for overhaul NEWS from Port Stephens reports that the schooner Susie has gone ashore and become a total wreck. An action for libel brought by a Chinaman against the Border Post newspaper came on at Albury yesterday, and resulted in a verdict for the defendant. A somewhat severe shock of earthquake was felt on Tuesday night at Wellington, New Zealand. IT is probable that an alteration will be made in the date of departure of the San Francisco mail boats from Auckland, enabling the mail to case, the feet steamer at New York, and effect a tering of three days between New Zealand and London. WITH regard to the Goulburn Cathedral dispute, it is reported that Captain Rossi erected his tablet in the cathedral on Tuesday night. IT is estimated that there are about 800 men out of work in Brisbane those in the building trade being the worst off The unemployed held an open-air meeting yesterday. PERSISTENT rumours are afloat in New Zealand that the Government will resign before the meeting of Parliament. A GATHERING of Lancashire men took place last night at the New Masonic Hall, Professor Threlfall presiding. MEMBERS of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron will assemble their yachts in Farm Cove at half-past 10 this morning to take part in the welcome to his Excellency the Governor. A BAD impression has been created in London with reference to the Victorian loan, by the Government increasing the amount of the loan to £3,000,000, and it is stated that the issue of the loan will be delayed for a fortnight. is the opinion of the Victorian Treasurer there is little probability of the £3,000,000 loan being placed on the London market before the middle of February. ACCORDING to the statement of a syndicate, all the Victorian loans for the last four years have been profitless. As extraordinary general meeting of the Victorian Pastoralists' Union is to be called for February 15 to adopt a constitution establishing a federal council for Australia. THERE is a great demand in Adelaide for miners for Western Australia. THE Inter-University cricket match was begun in Melbourne yesterday. The New South Wales team made 216 in their first innings. A MEMBER of proposed amendments to the new Housing bill have been decided upon at the monthly meeting of the Good Templars. Among them are, that publicans' licenses be limited to one year, and that the vote embrace brewers', wine and spirit merchants', distillers', and grocers' licenses, and be made to apply the club. THE consumption of water in Melbourne for the year 1890 amounted to 8-933 million gallons. THE number of persons who arrived in this colony during the past year was 70,018. Is Victoria the parcels post returns for the past year show a large increase on the previous year. During 1890 the total number of parcels received throughout the colony was 153,008.' Is this issue is published our Fiji letter. STEPHESSOS gained an easy victory over Bubear in the sculling race on the Parramatta yesterday. THE death is announced in London of Mr. George Walton, a Victorian artist. Bar silver is quoted at 4s 6d per or. Is the mining market yesterday only a moderate amount of business was transacted. THE Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £6701, Our new Governor, the Earl of JESSEY, will land in Sydney to-day. Official preparations have been made for his suitable reception, and he may be assured of a cordial welcome. That is secured to him in advance by the high office which be Ulis, the representative capacity in which he comes, the living ties of association with the great old land, the home and swarming point of our race, which his arrival brings again in vivid form before our recollection. This friendly and respectful welcome is the due of our new Governor ex officio, and it is in that sense that it is paid. We cannot in the first instance pay it in any other. The personal estimate which will spring from experience of the Governor's fulfilment of the lofty duties entrusted to him will be gained as a result of familiar knowledge, from observing how his important political and social functions are discharged, and how he succeeds in understanding, sympathising with, and sharing our national life and patriotism and aspirations. This estimate, to be just, must necessarily be a gradual growth. It is not tested by the welcome, but by the farewell, when the term of honourable and stately office has expired, and the time is come for the peoples to demonstrate by the manner of their leave taking their sense of the way in which their Governor has discharged the duties of his 'post. Could it have been possible for Lord jERSEY to have witnessed the scene which marked the departure of his predecessor, Lord CARRINGTON, and to have compared it with those attending the departure of some former Governors he would not doubt that if the people of the colony feel warmly they do not feel without discrimination, or that they are ready to give a grateful and generous recog >ition to service loyally rendered to the colony in the important post of Governor. This implies, of course, that a Governor on entering upon the duties of his position assumes responsibilities not only to the Imperial Government by whom he is sent, but also to the people of the colony over which he is called to preside. On that point there can in the present day be no doubt whatever. Our governmental system makes the Governor at once a part of our political constitution and legislature, and the head of our executive. In both capacities he has duties to perform for the colony, and among free Englishmen duty is inseparably connected with responsibility. The official and political responsibility of the Governor's acts is of course borne by the Ministry, by whom they are advised, But, apart from this, the Governor has a large and important sphere of action of his own, lying partly in our political life and partly in our social life. Some duties of a critical nature are placed upon him by his constitutional functions in our political system, and also as an in- termediary link between the colony and the Imperial Government. Others fall to his share by his representation of the highest point of our social life. Both call for the exercise of tact and judgment for their proper fulfilment, and for their successful fulfilment they call for something more. Tact and judgment prevent the commission of mistakes, but after all there is a higher ideal of duty than that implied in the mere avoidance of mistakes. It is possible to imagine a course of colourless correctness in which it would be impossible to point out a positive blunder, and yet which, as a whole, amounted to nothing but failure. In a generously minded community a man is judged less by his mistakes than by the kindly human nature, the cordial spirit, and sympathetic interest which he brings to his work. In one respect the colony may be said to be very exacting in its estimate of its Governors, and in another it may be spoken of us lax and generous. Upon any mere shortcomings in action or diver- gence. of opinion its judgment would never bear hard, provided these were associated with a hearty participation in our interests, a sympathy with our progress, and a loyalty to our patriotic ideals. But if these congenial elements were wanting nothing could or ought to make up for their deficiency, and the relation which was but one of chilly and formal performance of duty on one side would meet but with a similar response from the other. It is the fortune of Lord JERSEY to come to us at a period of transition, the outcome of which it would be premature to try to estimate. In little more than a month will be assembled in Sydney the most important gathering ever held in Australia-a convention of authorised delegates from all of the colonies, called together to draft a scheme of federal union providing a General Government and Legislature for the Dominion of Australia. In nothing has the generous treatment of the colonies by the parent State been better exemplified than in the kindly encouragement which has from the first been given to the project of federation. This encouragement is certainly disinterested, and it involves what we can hardly refuse to regard as sacrifice. The attainment of federation would do away with many of the political ties which join us to the mother country, and would replace these by the single one involved in the appointment of a Governor-General for all of the colonies. Not only this, but, as we see by the case of Canada, it would involve the relinquishment by England of many powers which she now exercises, but which would then pass to the Federal Government, and the abandon- ment of some powers of interference and of veto which she at present possesses, though they are seldom used. Many of the most important powers possessed by the Government of the Federation will be powers that are now held not by the separate colonies but by the Imperial Government. One of tasso, for example, will be that of nominating or providing for the nomination of Governors to the different province?, and others will readily occur to the reader. The attainment of a powerful representative Government for the federated colonies may be counted on with certainty to evoke a strong sense of self-government and a desire more fully to control our own destinies than we do at present. Yet, with this certainty before it, the Imperial Government has nothing but favour and kindly encouragement to give to the work of federation. It is quite possible that when it devolves upon Lord JERSEY, as Governor of the mother colony, to open the Federal Convention, he may prove to be the vehicle of friendly and encouraging messages from the Home Government. In that case, we may be sure that they will not be compared with any less cordiality from the consideration that one effect of the movement then in progress may be to make Lord JERSEY the last of the U over- here who have for over a century presided over the destinies of New South Wales. With respect to his several duties Lord JERSEY at present enters upon them at a disadvantage, from a cause which the colony heard of with regret and sympathy. The sudden and serious illness of Lady JERSEY, which somewhat delayed his own departure, prevented her ladyship from accompanying him, and, as a result, Government, House will for a short time be wanting in the presence of the lady by whom the Governor's social duties will have to be shared. It is gratifying to learn from our cablegrams that Lady JERSEY quitted London yesterday for the ship that is to bear her to Australia, and all will hope that she will in due time re- join her husband in perfect health and strength and able to take up her share of that part of the work devolving on the Governor which must rely for its due performance on the kindly and graceful tact of the lady who presides over Government House. The loss of revenue that will result from the abolition of intercolonial Castora Houses has been one of the principal difficulties raised by those who have had their misgivings respecting the federa- tion of the Australian colonies. Indeed, when discussing the " lion in the path which was the apt description given of the tariff difficulty in the way of complete federation, even the warmest friends of the movement have been in a sense appalled by the magnitude of the deficit in the Treasury which would accrue from the surrender of the border Customs. A deficit which at the late Federation Conference Sir SAMUEL GRIFFITH estimated at an average of half a million a year for each of the colonies, Sir J, G, LEE-STEERE considered would amount to an aggregate of two millions a year for the United Dominion, and other delegates agreed in placing at a very embarrassing figure. Coming on the authority of statesmen of such standing and accustomed to deal with the area of colonial finance, such a representation of the immediate financial results of union not unreasonably tend to enhance the general sense of the gravity of the position about to be created, and it will be gratifying to all the friends of union to learn that a careful inquiry into the whole of the case goes to show that the total loss from the abolition of the vexatious intercolonial tariffs must be a much smaller amount than has been anticipated. From an elaborate and lucid statement furnished in a paper contributed by Mr. P. H. BRUFORD to the Melbourne Argus it is shown that these exaggerated estimates have resulted apparently from calculating the total amount of Customs duties received on good is of every kind passing from one colony to the other without making any distinction between what were really foreign imports and what are the actual produce of the several colonies. In the case of foreign imports, it is obvious that the abolition of border dues per se can have no effect in lessening the aggregate of Customs duties and the only class of commercial inter- change in which an alteration can be effected by the abolition of intercolonial Customs tariffs will be in the transmission from one colony to another of what may be described as "home pro luce." Viewed in this light, which is evidently the correct light in which to consider this question, it is found that, instead of mounting up to millions a year, the total deficit for all the united states of Australia would amount to the comparatively small sum of £300,943. The duty collected on colonial produce passing from one colony to another during the year 1889 was-in Queensland. £73,885 in New South Wales, £89,302 in Victoria, £150,212 in South Australia, £40,450 j in Western Australia, £18,987 and in Tasmania, £18,101. It might be needlessly raising the question of Protection v. Freetrade to say that this would be no loss at all, and that producers and consumers, having the whole business among themselves as the citizens of one commonweal, can hardly suffer any damage from the abolition of the present system. But looking at the sum of £390,943 as purely revenue lost, it is clear that either by a small measure of excise in certain cases, or by a very slight addition to the duties, say, on spirits and tobacco, it would be a mere bagatelle to the united states of the Australian Dominion to make good the deficit caused by the abolition of these hostile tariffs ; so that this " lion in the path " is only formidable when looked at through the haze of misapprehension. It is true that this does not constitute the whole of the objection that may raise itself against a common Custom House as an essential element in a perfect federa- tion of the colonies, but it does count for much that the first steps of the new Dominion need not necessarily be embarrassed by a huge hiatus in the income. For it is only in the preliminary adjust, meats that friction will arise, and the non-existence of a necessity for new methods for raising revenue to supplement a deficit will leave the public mind in a better state for mutually arranging dig. culties. A glance at the amounts of border duties collected on " home produce" as above, shows that the loss will be to some extent unequally distributed among the several colonies and though there is little doubt that, after a few years of union, the lines of differing in. forests will be entirely obliterated, it is not unreasonable to expect that in the earlier arrangements it will be necessary to have respect to the several local claims of the States in the distribu. tion of revenue. Probably claim will be preferred that account should be had of the unequal loss entailed by the abolition of intercolonial duties and perhaps, that each State should have the revenue, or a fixed proportion of the revenue, collected within it for expenditure within its limits. To meet the difficulty of duties being paid in one State, and the dutiable articles being con Burned in another, an ingenious method of adjustment is suggested by the writer of the paper referred to and it is possible that at first, to meet the not entirely defunct exactions of the spirit of localism, a board of distribution might be a necessity, which could take into account all the niceties of rival rights and claims. But difficulties of this class must disappear with the inevit- able growth of the national sentiment and the time will sooner or later arrive when it will be competed t, if not imperative to have the distribution of the revenue apportioned for local purposes on the simple basis of population. The difficulties are all in the immediate present, and most of them are merely apprehensions that will disappear of themselves. The " lion in the path in the form of tariff hostilities, has virtually left before the earnest and generous spirit of concession that has been shown by protectionists and freetraders alike and if, as it now appears, the financial loss in the abolition of border duties will be immaterial, it furnishes but another illustration of how rapidly and surely the ghosts and hobgoblins conjured up by affrighted imaginations are vanishing before the dawn of national life. The present result of the adjourned discussion in full committee of the City Council on the improvement of Moore street can only be regarded as most unsatisfactory. The matter, after so much, trouble has been taken with it, could not be allowed to end with a drawn division and a consequent lapse, and the Mayor took the right course in so giving his casting vote' as to ensure that the question should again come before the City Council for final decision. The point that will surprise the public is that such opposition should exist in the council to the execution of work on the necessity of which that body was agreed three months ago, which it urged the Government to perform, and which, on the Government refusing to undertake it, is requested it should itself be empowered to carry out The request was promptly granted, the council received all the powers it asked ; but now, on a mixed compound of reasons and pretexts, including one that the council was refused certain general powers which it never asked for, it is unable to decide either way, and stands in the characteristic position of equality of votes, aye and no, for referring to the whole council the question of exercising the powers now conferred. It would be too much to say that anyone in the community is disappointed by this result It certainly would be within the truth to say that the citizens of the capital will feel humiliated by it. In any case, apart from the question of the execution of the work, and the further question of the reform of the municipal government of the metropolis which this poor business raises, it is desirable, as even the City Council may see, to come to some decision on the question before it, and to settle it some way, either for or against. The matter so far has very much chilled public feeling with regard to city improvement, and shown, if we wish to proceed to any effect, that we must first begin with improvement of the city government Perhaps, under existing circumstances, we cannot do better than keep Moore-street in its unimproved state, as a fitting and characteristic memorial of the wisdom and competency of the civil government of Sydney in the year 1891. Thespiiitof competition is awake in the United States in respect of Australian trade, and the probability is that we may reckon on a trans-Pacific cable from San Francisco, as well as one from Vancouver in British America, as among the commercial adjuncts of the near future. Senator MITCHELL, of Oregon, has introduced a Cable Bill to Congress having for its object the laying of a cable to connect the Pacific coast of the States with Honolulu, Samoa, New Zealand, and Australia and by latest advices from San Francisco, the Chamber of Commerce of that city, its press, and people are supporting the project with characteristic American earnestness. It has been estimated that the work can be done for 10 m'.llim dollars, and, as put by the Alta California, ''the men in San Francisco could subscribe it in ten minutes, and feel no inconvenience." The demand is that the Government should undertake the immediate survey of the ocean bed by detaching several surveying vessels of the American Navy for the purpose ; no doubt being felt that, on proper concessions and security being obtained, the requisite funds will be forthcoming, San Francisco itself having 15 million dollars' worth of trade a year with Honolulu alone, and being very ambitious of extending all the feeders of its commerce to the Australian colonies, It is clear from this and other recent events that the wide expanses of the Pacific, which has hitherto presented such a barrier to the meeting of East and West, is likely to be fairly " scrambled " for as a sphere for commercial enterprise, is the waste lands of the globe have been lately the subject of competition among the nations. While the Marquis of H_RTIN8 TON and his syndicate have negotiated successfully with Canada, and at least one of our colonies, with the hope of having substantial help from others in raising an active competition with the existing Trans Pacific mail steamers, Mr. SANDFORD FLEMING, the moving spirit in the projected Canadian-Australian Cable Service, will now have an additional stimulus to his energies in this rival cable project. It will, of course, be entirely to the interest of Australia if both the enterprises ever prosecuted to the' finish, and while the more rumours of coming competition have already given us duplication and application, and even quadru- plicating of subject on the Eastern s. tension Cable Service, every colonist will have reason to rejoice in this multiplica- tion of competition, which cannot fail to be the very " soul of business." BECAUSE of the arrival and official landing of the Earl of Jersey to-day, the whole of the deputations previously arranged to meet Ministers this morning have been postponed. THE new Courthouse building at Newcastle is rapidly approaching completion. It is expected that the building will in the near future be utilised for the holding of quarter sessions. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH, Minister for Mines and Agriculture, has received a report from the Pathologist of the Department of Agriculture on the disease known as the bitterest of the apple (Gloeoipormn versicolor), which does not, how ' iver, attack all varie- loss of the apple, certain sorts left comparatively free, and others again being so subject to it that the entire crop is uniformly a ia lure, It has also been observed to occur naturally on the peach, and can be easily propagated on other fruits. This has been done by treating a sterilised needle bearing a low bitter rot spores through the skin of a peach, plum, nectarine, and cherry ; from the puncture thus made a diseased spot appeared after five days, had passed through all the stages which occur in the ore of the apple. This disease appears on the apple about the time the fruit commences to ripen, the first symptom being a small circular brown spot on the surface, which rapidly enlarges and assumes various shades of brown, the different shades appearing in concentric- rings, After four or five days small pustules, also arranged in concentric rings, appear on the brown spot When the. spot has reached the diameter of a quarter of an inch the pustules burst and emit a light salmon-coloured mass composed entirely of the spores of the fungus. The pUstules of a single spot at this stage contain several hundred spores, and a little later increased to several millions, for the diseased spot keeps on increasing its size by throwing up ring after ring of pustules until the whole apple becomes brown and rotten, The entire process requires about a fortnight for completion. The Department of Agriculture has issued a recipe for the treatment of this disease, and it is as follows: Instead of allowing the diseased fruit to rot on the ground, it should be buried or burnt, as each rotten apple has on its surface several million spores, each capable of generating the disease and affecting the crop of the Beit year. The Pathologist cites the case of an orchard where the crop uniformly succumbed to this disease. As the owner allowed the apples to decay under the trees, " so as to fertilise the ground," his crop was year after year a total failure. By removing all the rotten apples he found that the disease even in one season was perceptibly decreased. The second season the trees were sprayed with ammonia carbonate of copper three times, at intervals of 10 days or two weeks, on all parts of the fruit, especially the blossom end, This will cost with proper apparatus not more than 9d for each application, or 31 for the whole season, provided that as many as 100 trees are treated, Ammonia carbonate is made us follows For quart of aqua ammonia (22 per cent Beaume) and \- 8oz. carbonate of copper Shake until a clear solution is produced, and then dilute with 22 gallons of water. It is hoped that orchardists will report to the Director of Agriculture what varieties they find to be most subject to the bitter rot, for from data thus collected the Department hopes to be able to discover the rust-proof varieties suitable for our retards. BY this evening's mail train Mr. Sydney Smith, Minister for Mines and Agriculture, will leave Sydney for a few days' rest at his country residence bo and Bathurst. While absent it is possible the Minister for Mines will visit Peak Hill and other mining fields in the same food ity. THE meeting of the Finance Committee of the City Council yesterday was unprecedented in point of duration. From 2.80 yesterday afternoon until 10 o'clock last night the proposal to widen Moore street was debated. Those for and against the (demo were equally divided, nine members voted for the motion and nine against it. The Mayor give his casting vote in favour of the resolution in order that it might be referred to the council for further discussion, A no ice to rescind was handed in by Alderman J. D. Young?, and under the bylaws it will be necessary for the proposal to again pass through the committee before it is fully dealt with by the council. Considerable interest was displayed in the proceedings, a number of the public being in attendance throughout the sitting. J A GENEral, meeting of members of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron was held last evening at I Baumann's Cafe, Pitt-street Present : Common I dore J. Mitson (in the chair), Vice-commodore J. F. Hoare, Captain Castle, Mr. G. E. Fairfax, Mr. W. Willis, Mr. H M. Cockshott, Mr. Stanley Griffiths, Mr. A. J. Soutar, Mr. Olive Smith, I Mr. 0. D, Pinnock, Mr. J. W. Manson, Mr. Otto Bauer, Mr J, V. Ferguson, Mr. H. T. Carter, Mr. J. McCabe, Mr. F. McCabe, and Mr. T. Busby. Having din' d together and honoured several toasts, including "The Queen," "The Commodore, and "Captain Castle," the members proceeded to the transaction of general business Captain 0 Turner, who was nominated as a candidate for membership at the last monthly "scarf, was declared duly elected. Mr. Charles Robert Dean and Mr. James M'Donald were nominated as candidates, and will be balloted for at the next general meeting. The sub- committee appointed to revise the rules of the club reported that the work had been completed. It was decided to call a special general meeting to consider and pass the rules In their amended form. The commodore invited members of the club to assemble their yachts in Farm Cove at half-past 10 this morning, with a view to taking part in the welcome to be extended to his Excellency the Governor. Upon assembling in the Cove yachtsmen will receive directions as to where the craft shall be rationed. The Commodore also invited members of look out their vessels with bunting. ,M_ RUSSELL, Government Astronomer, last night informs! us that he had received a telegram from Walgett to the effect that it commenced rain as there h> daily at 3 p.m. Later it was reported to be raining Heavily in all directions, and it is provide that a flood will ensue. A SMALL collection of oil and water-colour paint rigs will be sold by auction by Messrs. Newton and lamb, at their rooms in Spring-street, to-morrow. as most important of the pictures are the water colours by Messrs. W. J. Wadham and J. T. Fraser, 'hose by Mr. Wadham, the clever son of a well known English painr, are particularly to be con tended. One of the best of Mr. Wadham's 'water-colours, the majority of which are illustrative of Australian scenery, is No. 81, a coast view t Brighton, South Australia. "On the [ills, in.," No. 3, is also good. A Ula bit, No. 2, a view from the rational Park of New South Wales, in capital, Mention should also be made of No. 24, "Old Road near Penrith " of No. 38, " On the Onka aringa ¡ " and of No. 48, " After the Storm " Mr. Badham excels in his skies and in the delicacy of is work. All his water-colours are interesting, lose mentioned being especially worthy of more rain a passing glance. The collection will be on view to the public to-day, and to-morrow prior to the sale. ACCORDING to recent reports, notably those of the assets from the Navigator Group, the bad weather won in the South Sea Islands has set in early, only a few days ago it was stated that one of the ships at Samoa had gone to Pango Pango to ia! owing to the severity of the weather at Apia, of doubt since the calamitous March hurricane at the Samoan capital the risk of staying at Apia in mbtful weather is not considered a god out by shipmasters, and a blow that would have been regarded by shipping formerly is now a source ! anxiety. But now came to hand by the earner Rookton last night that very heavy weather is occurred in the windward part of the Fijian group, and that during the storm several small users were lost. The particulars are re- erred to in our correspondent's Fiji letter in another column. The steamer Rockton this time ks on board a full cargo of Fijian products, the chief item, as usual, being bananas, of which she rings 17,000 bunches. Aneityum, in the New Hebrides, was called at in the course of the round wage, and passengers to the number of 20 joined the steamer at the various ports touched at. j A MEETING of the Board of Health was held yesterday, at which Mr. Seager, the secretary, pre- dated g report showing the number of typhoid fever patients admitted to the metropolitan ara pals. During December, 1890, there were 88 Missions. and 6 deaths, as against 114 admissions id 10 deaths in the corresponding month of the previous year. For the year ended December 4RK) there were 447 admissions and 85 deaths, due to a mortality 14-54 per cent, as against 851 sions. and 88 deaths, equal to a mortality of 4 per cent, in the year 1889. A considerable case, therefore, is shown in the number of Mienta admitted last year, but the death rate has been greater, proving the severity of the met. last year the (greatest number of l.____HMHHa admitted in the month of January, whereas in previous years the disease has been most prevalent in the months of March and April. Of the cases treated, 140 were admitted to the Coast Hospital, where there were 21 deaths, equal to a death rate of 15 per cent.; Prince Alfred Hospital, 120 admitted, 10 deaths, equal to 12" per cent ; Sydney Hospital, 05 patients admitted 16 do iths, equal to 16-81 per cent. ; St. Vin' cent's Hospital, 09 admitted, 11 death, equal to 15 -94 per cent and Children's Hospital 17 patients admitted, 1 death, or equal to 285 per cent, of mortality. THE first gathering of Lancashire men in New South Wales was celebrated last night in the New Masonic Hall, Castlereagh-street, by a banquet, followed by a musco laneous concert. Professor Threlfall was in the chair, and the vice- chairs were occu for by Mr. Schofield and Mr. Berry. There were about 200 present, and the proceedings, which were under the management of Mr. W, Twist, paid off in a satisfactory manner. A few toasts were given. The chairman proposed "The Queen," and followed it by that of " Lord Jersey," for whom he predicted a most hearty welcome as Governor of New South Wales. The " Parliament " was next submitted, after which Mr. Schofield gave "Lancashire and the Old Folks at Home," Mr T. W. Craven remembered the "Lancashire Witches," a toast which was ric lived with enthusiasm! and several others, including "The Press" and "The Chairman" followed. During the evening Mr, To nausea read a report of the subcommittee, in which he laid down a scheme as to the formation of a club to be composed wholly of Lancashire men and ladies, the objects of which were to be purely of a social character. The proposal was received with You thusiasm, AT a recent meeting of the Municipal Council of North Sydney, a resolution was arrived at that several aldermen who had not attended a call of the council and had not sent explanations as to their absence should be used, in accordance with the terms of the 71st by-law. Arguments ensued regarding the legality of the call it having been made by the Mayor merely at the request of an alderman, The power of the Mayor to enforce the payment of fines by the absentees was also questioned. The Mayor referred the points in dispute to the council's solicitor, Mr. W H. Pigott, whose reply is that it is not necessary that there should be any order of the council for the call of such council for the consideration of the matters referred to in a bylaw particularised, but that on receipt by the council clerk of any notice of motion room as within the terms of that by-law it is the duty of the clerk to make a call of the council. The question as to whether the council has power to impose the penalties provided by the 71st bylaw, which says that every member of the council who does not attend a ball and is not excused shall, for every such offence, be lish e to a penalty of not less than 10 shillings or more than five pounds, involves some difficulty. He is, to cover, of a union that the 71st by-law is ultra vires and invalid. By the 153rd section of the Municipalities Act the council is empowered to make by-laws (among other thing for the purpose of regulating their own proceedings, and, under the 107th section, power is given to the council by Bligh by-laws to state minimum and maximum penalties for any neglect or breach thereof ; but, notwithstanding that at first sight it may a pear that the 157th section authorises the imposition of penalties by any by-law regulating the proceedings of the council, he is of opinion, upon careful examination, that it will appear that no such power, exists, It is difficult to assume that the Legislature intended that the council should have power to inflict penalties upon alderman for non-attendance at any council meeting, whether in answer to a call or otherwise, and the Legislature had, by section 37 of the Act, expressly provided the penalty of disqua ideation for such a length of absence as in its wisdom was thought reasonable, viz., tor three successive months." A nETüiiN has been published by the Customs Department showing the number of persons who arrived in a id departed from this colony during the past year, The number of adults who arrived were Male, -14,21)3; female, 18,005. Children arrived : Male, 4034; female, 8020, Chinamen arrived, 11 ; making the grand total of arrivals 70,012. With regard to departures it appears that 20,051 adult males and 13,557 adult females left the colony. The departures of children were 2107 males, and 1582 fournies. Of Chinant-n 712 left during the year. This makes the total of departures 45,230. The return apparently does not take any notice of arrivals from the other colonies by land, and no distinction is made between those coming from foreign countries and from the other parts of Australia, The increase of population owing to immigration, as will be seen by the above figures, amounts to 25,073; and it will also be noticed with satisfaction that the Chinese population of the colony has diminished, owing to the excess of departures over arrivals, by 781 during the past year. THE shearing difficulty in Queensland appears, according to a telegram received by Mr. Whiteley King, the secretary of the Pastoralists' Union of New south Wiles, to be growing less serious. Mr. King informs us that her son of the following message yesterday from Brisbane: "Shearing; at C. oil Plains (Q.) now progressing satisfactorily, shearers having signed Pastoralists' Union Agree- ment." Up to Tuesday, Mr. King adds, the men had refused to sign the new agreement, so that this telegram indicates an entire change in the shearers' attitude, at any rate at this particular station. MR. li, 0. NOTTINGHAM, of the Federal Bank of Australia, Limited, writes to us, giving the following particulars of the manner in which he was falsely arrested by the line. He states : " On Wednes-. day after noon last, at 3 o'clock, I was arrested by two men styling themselves defectives, in point of fact two policemen in private clothes, in the arcade which runs from Pitt to George street. I noticed three men dogged me every where I went, but had no idea of the reason of men following until one laid hands upon me and made known his business. I told them that they had made a most serious blunder, but to no effect. I offered to take them to the bank in which I have held high and trusted positions for the past five years. They refused such identification, but dragged me through the public streets of Sydney to no less than three lockups, finally landing me at Darlinghurst The crime of which I was suspected was that a man in defence of having passed a value- less cheque for £45 purporting to have been signed by a Mr. Archer, said that another man who talked in a slight degree to me in manner of dress had given it to him." Mr. Nottingham further states that he was detained for four hours?, and put to considerable trouble and expense through this mistake. in the St John's Parochial Day School yesterday, in the presence of the committee, visitors, teachers, and scholars, an address of welcome was presented to Mr. James Hole, the head master, on his return from Europe, where he had been for the benefit of his health. HOV. A. W. Pain, B.A., alluded to the pleasure all felt in the safe return of Mr. Hole, and at his restoration to health. Colonel Airey, U.A., read the address. Mr. Hole in reply, that ked them heartily for the enthusiastic welcome he had received. AN albino, said to have been born of aboriginal parents, may be seen by the curious at No. 2 Park lane, off Francis-street, Hyde Park. The child is on the male BOX and was born 10 months ago, at Maytown, a township some 50 miles from Cooktown. Mrs. Smith, who resides in the district, adopted the baby. The child has a white skin, white hair and eyelashes, features of a modified aboriginal type, and eyes that change in colour from blue to a red fish tinge of pink. ACCORDING to the iS'f. James's General, Sir Joseph Lister, speaking at King's College Hospital on December 3, on his return from Berlin, where he has been studying the methods and investigations of Dr. Koch, made a very remarkable statement. He declared that, in the course of three or four weeks at the utmost, the world will be startled by two new discoveries on the part of Dr. Koch, which will transcend in importance what is popularly termed the famous consumption cure. Sir Joseph Lister has bound himself not to disclose the exact nature of the discoveries in question. According to his statement, however, Dr. Koch has apparently discovered some substance which will not only cure but prevent two of the most terrible contagious diseases known. What diseases there are is not known at present save to a very few, Sir Joseph Lister being among them. During his stay in Berlin Sir Joseph Lister spent the greater portion of his time in Dr. Koch's laboratory, where he witnessed a series of experiments on living animals which he considered no exaggeration to term " marvellous." A number of guinea-pigs were inoculated with the newly discovered substance, and then with injections of the diseases, the names of which are not made known. Yet the animals remained unaffected. Sir Joseph Lister had ample opportunities for examining the animals at every stage of the experiments, and be came away of m vinced that the German savant is on the eve of perfecting a discovery which, in importance, has not been equalled since Jenner made known his system of vaccination. The chemical substance which is to stave off the two diseases is, it is said, of a very simple nature so simple, indeed. Sir Joseph Lister remarks, that any one will be able to prepare it A STATEMENT was recently made at home to the effect that Sir John Pender was prepared to carry out the work of laying a cable between Australia and Canada. This abortion, according to the Pall Mall G acetic, is somewhat premature, for what Sir John Pender is bent upon doing is the perfecting of the cable communications by the present routes to the East and the Southern hounds here. Just now the fourth cable has been laid by the Eastern Telegraph Company from Suez to Allen a distance of 1400 miles and by May next a third cable will be laid from Aden to Bombay, a distance of close on 2000 miles Teen the Eastern Extension has duplicated its cable from M Madras to Penang, which are 1500 miles apart. There are now three cases bottles con London and Australia, two extending from Java to Port Darwin, and the third, which was laid last year. from Java to Roebuck 'Bay. There recent additions have been made in anticipation of the increased traffic expected on the reduction in rates u der the scheme laid by the companies before the home and colonial Governments, but that proposal hangs Dr'. The home Government, as well as Queensland, and New Zealand, have refused to contribute to the guarantee, and it remains to be seen whether the other colonies will take the burden upon their own shoulders. Changes in Government have caused delays, but we ought soon to have a final decision on the point. Besides these extensions, negotiations, we believe, are in progress for the laying of a cable to connect Madagascar and the Mauritius with the Eastern and South African Company's cable at Zanzibar. This is a matter which affects both the French Government and the Government of the Mauritius, and it is possible that some time will elapse before a definite arrangement is come to. On the coast of South America the Western and Brazilian Company are doubling the lines from Rio de Janeiro to Buenos Ayres; and nearer home we have just had 600 miles of new cable laid by the Great Northern Company between the north of England and Sweden, thus it will be seen that in an unostentatious way a great deal of activity is being displayed by the creators of the world's sub- marine telegraphic communication. Business is being done more and more by telegraph, and as it must be compressed into a few hours each day this multiplication of cables becomes a necessity. All the Amoriom m 'Stages, for instance, are confine 1 practically to six hours out of the 24, and for the other 18 the cables may be said to lie idle. While they are at it it is a rush. Messages and replies cross and re cross the Atlantic in a few minutes at that busy time of the afternoon, when the Stock Exchanges of London and New York are fooling each other's purses, and the arbitrage dealers are striving to grasp the turn of the market From the Far East and Sydney it is possible to get a message through in a quarter of an hour, but in practice the time is about three hours. The sun is to have all the business through by 4 or 5 o'clock, so that the senders may have replies before the man the morning. While the companies are showing energy in meeting these increasing wants, they find that the cost of cables has risen something like-) 20 per cent. in consequence of the deep loss of gutta-percha i. The supply of that product is comparatively limited because of the destruction of the tree from which it is derived. Unlike indiarubber the gutta-percha juice is extracted from the tree after it is felled, and, as only a hundredweight is obtained from eight to ten cross, the destruction is on a wholesale scale. Planting is being carried on, but the trees come very slowly to maturity. No other substance protects and insulated wire so well, and therefore it is a necessity at almost any price. The quantities imported have increased, but the values have grown at a much greater rate. AMONG the hill tribes of the Wynaad There is a novel method of potting and destroying a tiger, which has somewhat of the character of a religious festival, and which is attended with much excitement and some danger. Quite recently there was (reports a Madras paper) such an exhibition at a place called Kunticbadi.not far trout the borders of the Boer wood Estate, at which, the paper in question informs us, several European ladies and gentlemen were pro year. It was determined by the Crmttiar and the inhabitants of the neighbourhood to get rid of an immense tiger that had already destroyed several head of cattle, and a carcass was traced into the midst of a neighbouring mines of jungle on the slope of a hill, about a mile and a half from the hamlet Along the lower sides of this jungle a line was cleared, and pots, made of coir rope, were not upon pests some 3ft apart, while above an entrance was Mr for the river. At night the villagers and their friends mounted trees and other points of vantage, and waited, armed with spears some 15ft. and 12ft in length, for the advent of the tiger. He did not disappoint them, but appeared during the night, and entered the enclosure of news through the opening left for him. Alter invoking Divine assistance, and encouraged by one who was believed to be under inspiration, the butchers descended from their posts, and with yells and shouts drove their royal victim into the middle of the enclosure, when they closed the entrance with more posts and ropes nothing. The man remained round the jungle all night, lighting fires to prevent any attempt at escape. and at noon the following day, after more ceremony and much feasting, the whole country turned out in holiday attire to witness the w >rk of destruction. The letter, which was a fine brute, measuring about 30ft, was then roused up to bestir itself, by very dry insults from stones and sticks, and it made several furious rushes at its tormentors, only to be told by the not. It was a magnificent sight to see it spring forward, with a mighty roar, and dash itself against the not. After several charges, however, it got disheartened and retired to the middle of the enclosure, from which nothing would induce it to move. The circle of rope-net was than drawn closer round it until the tiger could be reached with the spoon. It made one more ing My charge, after demolishing several spear handles, and was pierced below the neck and fell dead I. The beast was skinned, and the skin retained by the head man of the hamlet as a trophy of the event. a 