Stage Gossip. J The return to the stage, after a long.illness,.oi the popular London comedian. David James, hae taken plabe in the famous old comedy of " Wild Oats." By-the- way, it has seldom been acted in these colonies, and never of late years. The last time was as far back as 14 or 15 years ago. The part of the hero, Rover, was then played by the American actor, Edwin Adams, who, poor fellow, soon after returned to his own country to die. Annie Rooney appeared at a Glasgow police court the other day, charged withcreating a dis turbance. But no Joe turned up to : pay the fine. "Orfeo," a new ballet divertissement in twc tableaux, recently produced at the Alhambra in London, is said to be one of the prettiest things of the kind ever seen on that stage.- , The popular English playwright, Henry Arthur Jones, recently acted as one of the stewards at an entertainment given in aid of the Commercial Travellers'Benefit Society. MrJ Jones was him self a "commercial" before he took to manu facturing plays. The Indépendant Theatre Society, of London has been in a fix for want of à play for its second performance. The difficulty is now happily solved by no less a person than M. Emile Zola, who cordially permits Mr. Grein to produce his drama of Parisian shop-keepers'-life, "Theresa Raquin." The heroine of this kills her husband in order to enjoy the society of .her lover un disturbed, and thereafter is always haunted bj the marital ghost. It is understood that the Marquis of . Salisbury invited Messrs. Irving, Wyndham, Hare, and Beerbohm Tree to a conference on the Theatres Bill. A clever troupe of musical dogs made their firsl appearance in London recently at the Cagliostro mantheon. Conducted by M. Louis Lavater, thej Serformed on violin, 'cello, trombone, big and sidt rums, and cymbals. The effect was very droll, and was heightened by the parti- colored costumes worn by the performers. A company which includes 60 artists, of whom Miss Leonora Braham, who, a few years ago visited Australia, is one, has left England foi South America. Its specialty is English opera. .Sir John Vanbrugh's comedy of "The Relapse" has been altered and modernised by Mr. Buchanan. In its new form it will be produced as " Miss Tomboy." The Vaudeville is the theatre foi which it has been prepared. Somebody has written from Christiana to a London morning paper to correct a statement re peated in several English journals to the effect that the dramatist Bjcernson is a Swedish author. It seems that he is not only a Norwegian, but that all his plays are written in his native lan guage. Miss Mary Anderson (Mrs, Navarro) has be come a mother (says the New York SUNDAY MBBCUBT). ' V/' : A correspondent in Naples writes :. Pietro Mascagni has composed a new lyric drama, " Suzel," the libretto of which has been taken by Signor Nicola Daspuro from Erkmann-Chatrian's " L'Ami Fritz." The operetta is in, three acts, and was composed by Mascagni with great rapidity. The writer of the libretto. ia now in Naples. . ." An Australian tour is said to be at last seriously contemplated by Mr. Henry Irving and Miss Ellen Terry. , ; ? A Miss Jessie Millward has taken the part of the herione in the revival Of Dion Boucicault's '.Formosa" at Drury Lane, which was to have been played by Mrs. Langtry. The references to the beautiful dresses worn by Miss Millward are more direct than the compliments with respect to her acting. The Drury Lane revival has reminded playgoers of the fact that Henry Irving was in the original cast of '" Formosa " 22 years ago, at the same theatre. He created the part of Compton Kerr. Adelaide Ristori, though 70 years of age, is still in the bloom of health. She goes to bed early, and, as a Cockney punster puts it, attributes her good health to nature's sweet Ristori. Mr. Locke Richardson, the American elocu tionist, who visited these colonies a few years ago, has published a book, which he has entitled " Round the World with Shakspere." From choice specimens of its contents, which are quoted in a review leader on it in the DAILY NEWS, a considerable number of its pages would appear to be filled with enthusiastic notices of Mr. Richard son's entertainments. To some of us in Australia who remember the readings of poor Walter Montgomery, Mr. Richardson indeed seemed-to use ä popular phrase of his own country rather small potatoes in that way. However' he was fortunate enough to find admirers in many quarters who lauded him to the skies. But evi dently the DAILY NEWS has its doubts respecting "the prince of Shaksperian readers," as he is styled by Mr. William Winter, of New York. In fact it unmercifully chaffs himself and his gushing eulogists. Summarising the record of his experiences, it goes on to say in' its concluding paragraph,:. "At San Francisco, the very elect of refinement and taste," thronged to hear Mr. Richardson in a church ! At Honolulu tho " rainbow-tinted waters tumbled and foamed over the coral reef until they lay at rest at the door of his bungalow." Bungalow is apparently a Honolulu word. The rainbow-tinted waves, however, did not furnish a testimonial. But Kins Kalakaua " listened with evident delight " to " Merry Wives of Windsor," a piece singularly calculated to enliven the leisure of King Kalakaua. In Australia Gil bert Parker wrote a poem to Mr. Locke Richard ' son, who also lectured in Kandy, near "that sacred relic, the tooth of Buddha," which maintained a jealous silence. At Calcutta alqne, there was a dissentient voice. An A.D.O. said : " This is an awful bore, don't you know !" Dear A.D.C., across the" great gulf of space and salt .water, we salute you, thou unaffected child of-nature ! For recitations are not equally de lightful to all men ; and there be some, nay many, to whom the A.D.C. speaks in the very-accents of their proper hearts. Yet it is recorded that the very A.D.C. was almost persuaded to admire Locke Richardson. In England-well, "we clo not hear much about England. Lord Tennyson did not write: "Sir,-You have enabled me, for the first time, to understand the supremacy of Shakspere." The Dean did not ask Mr. Xocke Richardson to preach, recite we mean, in Westminster Abbey. In fact, Mr. Richardson merely enjoyed " a much needed rest," but he is going to make a tour in England; Scotland, and Wales. Our expectations are naturally high, after all that King Kalakaua has thought and Wm. Winter has said about Mr. Locke Richardson. It will. be hard for hind, to live up to the eulogies of Wm. Winter. But we doubt not that Mr. Locke Richard son-'deserves all his laurels, and that he .will wear .new trophies with a graceful modesty-ol triumph. , But it ¿is fair to add that A.D.C.'s are very common in England. " ' ! 