DR. TALMAGE'S BROOKLYN TABERNACLE. [By CHAS. H. MATTERS.] Being in New York on Sunday, May 10,1 determined to hear the world-renowned Dr. Talmage. So I crossed over the great Suspen- . sion Bridge which connects New York and Brooklyn, and found my way to the corner o£ Clinton and Green avenues. Though half aa hour before the time, for service _ a crowd was waiting outside eager for admission. Sooa after the doors were opened and we entered. The building is not yet complete, though opened for worship two weeks before my visit. A tower at the corner will be carried consider ably higher than it is yet built. The church waHs are of brick, on granite foundations. Chiselled in stone at the corner is this inscrip tion 1"Brooklyn Tabernacle: erected A.D. 1890." The internal appearance is almost octagonal. There are two galleries arranged in the form of an amphitheatre. The roof i3 constructed somewhat in the form of adoma about 90 ft. above the ground floor. An opea dais," 60 ft. long, and semi-eircular m shape, is reserved for the preacher." At the foot of tha platform six tables are set aside for reporters, of whom three were present reporting tha sermon on Sunday morning. On the ground floor are eight aisles by which access is gamed to the pews. The whole building provides seating accommodation for 5,600 persons. A ^magnificent organ, which cost 30,000 dollars, is placed .behind the preacher, but tha keyboards, in four rows, are in front of_tha preacher some distance from the organ. Pro* ;fessbr Browne is the organist, and an excellent musician. He is assisted by a gentleman who leads the "psalmody with a cornet. At tha waving of his hand the whole assembly rises ta join in the praises of God. There is no choir, but some grand congregational singing, never The preacher is apparently between 55 and '60 yeais of age,* tall, sparely built, partly bald, with no flashingeye or massive head, but lias a - high forehead. Hereis a man destitute of the arts and. graces of oratory, with plain features, harsh, unmusical voice ana unattractive manner, and yet possessing some magic and magnetic power capable of drawing crowds of people at every service. His earnestness ana sincerity are genuine, and he evidently believes what he preaches. _ About 10.-30 a,m. Dr. Talmage enters by a side door on the .platform, places his Bible on a small table beside a vase of flowers, takes his seat (there is ho pulpit), engages a few moments in silent prayer, and looks around on the multi ' tude of faces gathered from almost all nations on earth. Immediately afterwards the entire audience rises, at the flourish of the conductors hand, to join in a grand paan of praise, singing "Praise God from whom all blessings flow. It was good to be there and hear such a bursa of harmony. Then the doctor rose and offered a short, plain prayer. Next followed reading the Scriptures, part of the 11th chapter ofc Hebrews, termed by the doctor "The roll oS the martyrs," with short expositions and com ments on the verses. After singing and prayer again a host of announcements was made by the preacher and the . collection toT11 UP» followed again by singing. The _ text of the sermon was Luke ch. xiv. v. 17, . Come, .for all things are now ready. lhus the preacher began-"This is not an invi tation to the funeral of a dead Ghnsfr, but to the marriage of the King's bon. Then in flowery language arid poetic style na gave an historical description of the visit o£ Queen Elizabeth to Lord Leicester at Kenil worth,'' where a sumptuous feast was provided, accompanied with the burst of music, amidst enchanting scenes, in which the guests wers wafted from joy to joy and from rapture ta rapture." The entertainment of lords and ambassadors who feasted and drank, .was also graphically described. "This morning, say3 the doctor to his congregation, ' you are in vited to a richer banquet. The invitation is written in red ink, and with the _ tremulous hand of a dying Christ. _ He is waiting, and to make preparation for this He passed through a lake of sorrow and oceans of agony. He next proceeded to show that .Christ is ready ; the Holy Ghost ready; the church ready; angels ready; departed kindred ready; and all are interested in sinners accepting the invita* tion. At times there was profound stillness, ? heightened by emphatic pauses, especially when detailing some thrilling incident. _ One was that of a mother and child caught in a snow- ' storm. To save her child the mother wrapped it in her warm clothing and put it in the cleffj of a rock. The mother perished, but the child was saved. Now the preacher pleads most earnestly, "O, man immortal, put thy soul in the cleft of the rock. Then all will be well safe in the Bock of Ages." "The mightiesft name on earth to-day," says Dr. Talmage, is Jesus. . The most popular book in the world to-day is the Bible. Let no one depart this -morning saying, 'I have not been invited. I invite you now." He closes by calling the whole assembly to witness that he has offered salvation to all. The sermon occupied 49 ^ After'the service large numbers still lingered listening to the organ, viewing the new taber nacle, and inspecting a tablet of great interest to all. This tablet is carefully guarded. It comprises four stones set in the wall. Tha upper stone is from Mount Calvary, signifying "Sacrifice." Two centre stones are from Mount Sinai, representing "TheLaw." And the lower one is polished dark marble from Mars Fill, representing "TheGospel." Dr.Talmaga stands m the midst of the people and requests all to be seated while he performs the ordi nance of baptism for a child of one of his ielatives. A fair-haired boy is presented, re ceiving the baptismal name of De Witts Talmage. A short address and prayer closed the second service. . 7 At 7.45 p.m. the church was again crowded. Every seat was occupied and many people standing. After singing, prayer, reading the Scriptures, &c;" the textis^vcnoutfromir. Samuel, 12 c., and 17 v.-" I shall go to Him. On this be based and reasoned out the doctrine of "recognition of kindred and friends int hpaven " The doctor thoroughly believes and pnrnectlv advocates it. Por 44 minutes, without a single note, he held that vast "'?Hence, and at times there was perfect silence as he paused in his march and down the platform, while all eves were intently fixed on the speaker. I left the Brooklyn New Tabernacle more fully con vinced than ever of the sufficiency of tha Gospel for the deepest needs of humanity. At the close of the night service I had aa opportunity of shaking hands and speaking a few moments with the doctor. Ho expressed his plc-asure in meeting a family from Aus tralia, and enquired whether our home is in Melbourne. On learning we had come front Adelaide, he said, "Oh, I've heard of that, beautiful city." I then enquired whether ha intends visiting Australia. He replied, Oh, ye.s. ahbiuedly ; that is one of the pleasures J. anticipate." * 