NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Warm. Sunny. Football. Vosz Home. Musical ghost. Fasting Felix. Hudson happy. Ports punished. Widow O'Brien. Influenza at Quorn. Fitzroys victorious. Canon Dendy dead. A hunting accident. Rally up Norwoods. Freedom of contract. Sad death at Quorn. Fitzroys leave to-day. "Fun on the Bristol." Sudden death at Gawler. Liedertafel smoke social. Good-bye to E. J. Clark. Another win for Boonoke. Shearing difficulty settled. The Widow herself again. Peninsulas beat the Ports. Shearing Conference ended. Australian Natives to-night. Threatened strike at Moonta. The plaintiff made defendant. Funeral of Dr. Dendy to-day. A loss to the Anglican Church. "The Australian Sims Reeves." "The Voice of the Flying Day." Lord Rosebery returns to politics. Mount Barker starting a rifle club. Spring weather at Mount Gambier. More railway accidents in America. Lord and Lady Jersey leave to-day. Visitors still flock to the Cyclorama. A permanent orchestra for Adelaide. Dinner party at Government House. Pleasant homes for old folks at Glenelg. Last "pop" of the series next Saturday. More about India by the versatile Deakin. University footballers head the Sydney list. A case for the charitably disposed at Quorn. Walkerville bells rang muffled peals yester- day. The Austral will be at Largs Bay on Tues- day. The mayor entertained the Governors to- day. Broken Hill picnic party returned to Ade- laide. The Austral left Albany yesterday for Ade- laide. A satisfactory ending to the shearing diffi- culty. Arbor day at Mount Barker was a great success. Mr. Stock made an excellent speech on Saturday. A take-down for the Port Adelaides on the Peninsula. The Widow O'Brien practising her ''Chromo" scales again. O'Brien says he doesn't owe that money to Lord Salisbury. The Theophane expected to be got off on Wednesday week. Mr. Cornelius dislocated his shoulder at the hunt on Saturday. The Norwoods beaten on Saturday. What price the Ports now? Russian agents in New York are buying con- siderable quantities of wheat. The Queen has invited the Admiral of the French Fleet to dine with her. The Moonta miners threaten to strike unless the contract system is abolished. Another win for a South Australian horse at the Wyndham races on Saturday. The Governor of New South Wales and Lady Jersey leave for Melbourne to-day. Lords Kintore and Jersey, with Mr. Goschen, visited the poultry show on Saturday. The once-reverend W. T. Carter is about to resign his seat in the Victorian Parliament The Achurch-Charington Dramatic Com- pany will appear at the Albert Hall on August 22. The Mayor of Adelaide and party inspected the Stephen's Creek waterworks at Broken Hill. A Parliamentary return shows that there were 31 deaths from starvation in London last year. "The burning question of Victorian politics continues to be the management of the rail- ways." The Romanian authorities are sending back to Russia the Jewish refugees from that country. Mr. Cohen, Mr. Hawker, Mr. Gwynne, and Sir E. T. Smith showed the Governors round on Saturday. Another railway accident in America, in which two people were killed and several seriously injured. The plaintiff in a sporting action lost his case through prevarication, and was then sent down for three days. The London Daily states that the American surplus wheat yield will save Europe from a bread famine. The Church of England in South Australia has sustained a severe loss by the death of the Rev. Canon Dendy, D.D. It is expected that it will take £25,000 to re- pair the injuries to the Victorian railway lines caused by the late floods. Mr. Ralli, who was injured at the hunt on last Saturday week, is gradually recovering from the effects of his fall. A full dress rehearsal of Mr. Guy Boothby's new drama "The Jonquille" was held at the Theatre Royal on Saturday. Lord Rosebery, who has for some time past retired from the political field, will shortly re- sume his connection with politics. Madame Sara Bernhardt made her last Aus- tralian appearance in Sydney on Saturday night. She leaves for 'Frisco on Tuesday. Weather forecast for to- day—"Continued fine weather. Frost in places. Light winds, chiefly from north-east and north, and calms." Probate has been granted in connection with the will of the late Dr. Magee, Archbishop of York, the personalty being sworn at £18,500. The Jubilee coinage is said to be doomed, the Royal Academy having been asked to fur- nish sketches for a series of gold and silver coins. The officers of the French Fleet about to visit London have declined an invitation from the Lord Mayor to attend a banquet at the Guildhall. The Kensington Literary Society has blos- somed into the Kensington Mutual Improve- ment Association, and has an excellent pro- gramme for discussion. Mr. Rudyard Kipling will probably visit New Zealand shortly, and then will extend his visit to Samoa, where he will be the guest of Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson. The course proper was thrown open to two- year-olds on the Adelaide Racecourse on Satur- day morning, and some interesting gallops took place, the riders being in colors. Mr. E. J. Clark, the late sub-editor of the Register, who is leaving Adelaide to take the position of editor of the Kadina and Wallaroo Times, was banqueted at the Selborne Hotel on Saturday night. "The principle of do ut des, on which Bismarck avowedly acted ramifies through nearly all social relations from State diplomacy down- wards, and the work of the world is earned on by an infinite series of compromises." A parachutist has been killed at Leeds. He was performing some foolhardy tricks on the crossbar when his foot became entangled in the wires connected with the parachute. He fell from a considerable height to the ground, death resulting from a broken spine. Mr. Chapman, the well-known violinist, was absent from the ranks of the Adelaide Orchestra on Saturday night owing to illness in his family. This is probably the first orchestral concert given in Adelaide at which Mr. Chaputan, who is an enthusiastic musician, has not been present. "It is not surprising that the agreement arrived at between the Pastoralists' and Shearers' Unions of South Australia attracted a large amount of attention in the other colonies, and it is gratifying to find that it has been followed by the imitation which is said to be the sincerest kind of flattery." "It is not to be supposed for a moment that the existence of the Shearers union will be threatened by the fact of its members working in the same shed with non-unionists. The union men may feel that they are fighting the battle of others as well as of themselves, but the substantial advantages they have already gained will not be without their effect." 