THE PBEMIER OF THE" CAPE. (sr. james's budget ) - By this tune the Hon. Cecil J Rhodes, : Premier of the Cape and member for Barllyt -West; must.realise-what it-is vohiare per or£. mrum. His career 19 rapid as it is remarkable. He is not-yet-40 -years of agej and:nnmarried, and he holds the. destinies of largeportions of'South Africa in his hand. • Born; in IS53, son -of - the Rev. Ganou-Ehodes, rector of, ISishop: Stortford, Herts, he went; •out>atJ5rsfc to Soath Africa as.a weakhng 1 lad •of twelve, in- search - of .health., - It:, says a. good: deal for the revivifying climate of the Cape and South Africa, that such- a. sturdy" and robust Eughshman. should have • developed as, the: Premier- of the Cape undoubtedly is. Mr. Rhodes has had many experiences andmany-occupations.-,^- His,.first, -venture• was -cotton-planting- in. IS T atal -oh. 18GH-70. Even when the rumours of the diamond mines filled-the land he exchanged; the warm slopes of the Natal coast for-the diy veldt of Gnqualand West, and was one. oi the earliest diggers: htUe dreaming probably at that time what -a , great o part he was destined to take m shaping - the ultimate fortunes of the: diamond- mines.:-- Whenv :20 .years, of.; age Mr. Rhodes^proceeded to England, after having lived nearly a vear in the Transvaal, -and was ^uly- admitted m -statu- .pupillan . a an Oriel; undergraduate—an undergraduate with almost unique experiences. South Africa- had-cast her ; peculiar -glamour over: him . as . it has over so :.. many, minds,: and his instincts, still led him: there; -Eor five years Mr: Rhodes gravitated between Oxford and South Africa, cultivating the -Muses and learn:n^' finance simultaneouslv.-,'-. Even long -vacations-- have .their uses-.- .occasionally, it- would- seem; When Grioualand West: was annexed to the-Cape Colony hy . Sir -Henry Barkly, the' hrst ,member for Barkly West "was tile rising Oxford man. AVhen Sir Thomas-Scanleh formed his/SIinistrv in- 18Sl-i. and Mr. C, .W^ , Hutton retired , from . the ,Trea-«nrer- GeneralsbiT) of the colony, Mr.: CeeiUlhodes. took 3ns place. -No two - mencould possibly have , been more: unlike. The amiable but slightly discursive member for-Bedford;, who was the chosen one of the Eat River Hotten- tot electors, gave way to the energetic representative of the bustling Diamond Eield electors. . The true -character of. Mr. Rhodes diBr playediitselE in the responsibilities ot office, -His hold on. men and events -was vigoious and decisive. He played a leading, part in : the: amalgamatiou of the -diamond- mining companies, he was chairman of the De Beers • Cocsohdated Mines, founder of the Gold- Eiclds bouth Africa Companv. - . His •sympathies were wide and universal, - and in' the plentitude of his wealth he gave £10,000 to the. . Home ; Eule:.; funds... Associated with Mr. Hofmevr, the: leader; of the Dutch party at the Cape, he wan favour with the country, party and the ;Dutch electors. He-became a,director of the South Africa Company, and connected himself with Bome of the wealthiestoapitalists of England. In July; 1890,; he took his place as Premier m the Cape House of • Assembly ui place of Sir Giordon bprigg, who had. somewhat alarmed his. constituents'bv proposing a most -:extravagant and costly Railway- Bill, Over, all his companions in the- hfonistry Mr. Cecil Rhodes is likelv. to exercise a.great deal of influence, and to induce them to work as a compact party. Mr. Rhodesia career is, of course, marrellous. He is both versatile and strong. -Heseems to be all things to allmen. In Africa negotiator, he rs a friend - financier-general; of the Dutch ,pohticians,-the •and -Premier,. a. persona .grata ..-with all men and with-all nationalities. . At- home, he is the guest of royalty; the compamon of dukes;, and the ministering angel to • Irish- Nationalists. . • Yet -somehow or other - his position'- is an anomalonsuine as Premier of the Cape and 'leading spirit of -the British South -Africa; Company; -There was -a- phrase, attributed to-Mr. .-Cecil-Rhodes -some years ago r 1 and' that was, " the elimination , of the Imperial factor" in the northward advance of colonial enterprise. There isia ghost in every man'B .cupboard, .and the. particular ghost •for- Mr.. Rhodes may yet arise for him from the ground of, the chartered company's domains. There must be; sooner orlater^ a -conflict of interests between the Cape Colony and the South Africa Company. Colonialism is one thing- and Imperialism another'in South Africa.. Ib England, or are England's' Ministers, willing to acknowledge thatthe British-South Africa Companyia simply " a.n advance of the Capo Colony into the interior ? " It -may. happen.-that Mr. Rhodes'? northward -.extension .may bring, -back a Nemesis, and that the. Gape constituencies, which are, after all, the ultimate referee on the matter, may. be ! disappomted in their aspirations and their ciy for Africa from t£e Zambesi to Cape Town:" Especially may it he so .if the gTeat route of the interiorhas an-ontlet where they never imagined, and P.ungwe ; Bay becomes a thriving : seaport at ;the - expense: of , Table -Bay.;;- Like Venice, Cape Town may find herself - - desolate upon the waters of - Table Bay—the bride; indeed, of -a noble .ocean, -but -bereft -or her dowry, and .mourning.:- for the days that are no more. The inevitable- necessities of geography may be pleaded-; but this will be no more s consolation te the Table Bay shippers:thanit was to Venetian -merchants of .the.Rialto..-.- In chastened moodthev : may, abandon :the Grand Trunk railway to the Zambesi, and cease to dream, of Ophir and the wealth passing the imagination of man. 1 Sir Gordon Spriggs's .scheme- may see the -light againthe. cautions Dutchmen mav. -.confineItheir attention to the - Cape -Colony,:, and cry- out .for a. more purely, colonial .policy :.ofinternaldevelopment;.agnciilturalimprove- -ment/irrigationschemes,- tree-planting, oorn;- growing, and other .such scoinmonplace »but useful-matters, .instead of -blinking their c»-e« coutuiually. at the; dazzhngtnorthern.Eldorados, which after all are rather beyond the: sphere of -their own-particular influence.- Mr. ; Rhode.s's pohtical pedestal rn the Cape Colony itself is, no-doubt, a lofty one: but "it is 'not without- the ;nsks of - falling; nor can'any colonial Premier he said to command a very stablepositronso longEsmterestsare So-eon- .flictnifi-and- pqpiilationsoiiiieertamas ia'; the Cape Colony. , 