A TRUST BETRAYED. BY JOHN K. LEYS. BOOK m.—IN THE DARK. CHAPTER VlU.-{Conclxided-) "{I will Bend the papers to you by one of ourselves," be said, "ami then you can check them, and mention any you can think of which are not there. Let me see. You know O'Brien, I think. I will Bend him. He will be in the neighbourhood of Westminster to-night. Could . you meet him there t" "Yes." " What would be a quiet place to meet inf' (Guy mentally resolved that the place should not be too "quiet.") "The New Palace Yard would do vety well. Do JXJU know the passage that runs from the Westminster Bridge Station on the Metropolitan Railway under the street into the Yard, ending in an arched corridor, open to the square on one side?" "Yea; I know the place very well," 6aid <j'uy. "It is quiet," said Armini, "sheltered from the weather, and tolerably well lighted." "The place will do very well," said Guy, shortly. "At7.45 he will be there, then. He will come through the passage from the railway station, and will probably meet you just under the Clock Tower/' Gny remembered that he would have to be close to the place mentioned about that very time, in fulfilment of his engagement to escort his. sister and Constance to the House of Cotamona; so he raised no objection to what was "proposed, and merely saying that he would keep the appointment, he left the hotel. As he went along the street his thoughts were sot so bright as they had been in the \- morning. He had obtained, almost without asking it, all that he desired, at the price of what he' would have given for the asking, a promise not to betray his old associates. There was nothing to regret; but he felt dissatisfied, nervous, and apprehensive for the future. He even stopped in the street and considered whether ne should not go and see his friend Frost, whom he had not met for a few days, and tell him what had occurred ; then, remembering that he had work to do, and that he woula^probably have to dance attendance on Kate and Constance aU the evening, he went on to his lodgings, and found himself busy enough till it was time to go to meet his friends at King's Cross. As for Armini, he first of all went to a gunsmith's, and, finding that his broken revolver could not be repaired at once, he sold it, and bought a sew one of the same size and construction. Then he went to several places in the city—to all of whioh, by the way, the faithful Robins followed him—and then he went home, while it was yet early in the afternoon. When he got home Mrs. Armini found her husband in capital spirits, and in a particularly amiable mood. "My dear Rachel," he said, "I find that I must go a little way into the country for a short time. ' Mrs. Armini heard this announcement with more equanimity than she would have done some time before. She was at last convinced that she had been mistaken all through that matter of Constance Holt, and that her husband did not even know where his ward was staying. "Shall you be long away, Bernard?" she asked. " Long enough to make mo sigh for your presenoe, my adored one," responded the Italian. 4 " What nasty job do you want me to take in hand now?" said the lady, grimly. She curled her lips at her husband's flattery; and yet it pleased her. " Oh, none whatever. I am merely going to pack my portmanteau. Would you mind Wpinjgme?" When the packing was nearly finished, Armini said he would go to the library and select a few books to be companions of his solitary journey; and his wife accompanied him. He pulled down a heap of old' novels^ and selected half a dozen, slowly looking over and dusting them. While he was doing this, he said— "My love, would you mind writing a note to my dictation? My hands are covered with dust; and I want an hour's rest when my packing is done." Mrs. Armini had no objections to this, and the note and a second one were written and addressed, while Armini collected his novels, and one or two works on mathematics, with aome sheets of writing paper. "Nothing like mathematics for whiling away a dull forenoon, my dear; that is, of course, next to your amiable society." "I can't think why you are in such a good humour to-day," said Mrs. Armini again. " What can it be yoa want me to do ? Something disagreeable, I know." "My siigel, you wrong me,"— You have done it already, silly creature," he ,c added to himself. Then Mr. Armini rested for a short time; and then he dined. After that he sent for a cab, and had his portmanteau carried out to it. " Good-bve, my dear," he said, more serioudy than ne had yet spoken that afternoon. "You have been a good wife to me on the whole; much better than" "I expected," he was going to add, but he checked himself in time—"much better than that Italian girl would have been. Did I never tell you about her? Well, I will some day. Don't be alarmed if you should not hear from me for some weeks. I shall be all right. And, I say, Rachel, if I should write to you to come to me, obey my instructions in every particular, to the very letter, else it will be the worse for both of us. You understand ?" "Yes, Bernard, I understand. (It was not the first' time Mrs. Armini had had to change her quarters in a very unobtrusive manner at very short notice.) " But don't ronintodanger, I bee of you." "Certainly nst, my adorable Rachel," reajxindecl the Italian lightly, as he jumped into his cab and drove off. By this time it was night, and the watch kept on Blackthorn House from the back windows of the neighbouring street was considerably relaxed; for, as a nile, Anaini spent his evenings quietly at home. His departure, therefore, was not noticed. In the meantime Colonel Graham and his little party had left Muswell Hill. It was a new sensation for the Colonel to be the protector of two ladies, [even for the short railway journey between'Muswell Hill and Kings Cross. It seemed to him a privilege even to take their tickets and carry their wraps. At King's Cross Guy Oldridge met them, and soon they were all shut up in that worst of all possible conveyances — a London fourwheeled cab. " I hope you won't mind my asking you to stop for a moment at New Palace Yard," said Guy. "I have to meet a man there at a -quarter to eight, so I shall be just in time. I shan't keep you waiting a moment; I have only to take a packet of papers from him." '* How very beautiful!" exclaimed Kate, as «he alighted from the cab at the entrance to New Palace Yard. And indeed it was, if not a beautiful, at least a striking scene. The ttioon was shining full over street and square, silvering the pinnacles and fretted stonework of the great palace, causing the gas-lamps in the streets and on St. Stephen's Green to look yellow and vulgar, and making the turrets and pinnacles of the great Tower seem misty and aim. To her right was Parliament-street; to her left lay the silent square called New Palace Yard, down which her brother and Constance were already proceeding; while in front at a little distance she could see the outline, shadowy and ghost-like, of the most beautiful building in England — Westminster Abbey. The contrast between the rattle and noise of the street and the silent square into which they were passing—between the pale, •misty radiance of the moonlight resting on the white carved stone and the everyday crowd of omnibuses, carts, cabs, and passengers on foot—was so striking to the eye of the country-bred girl that she lingered for a moment to look without noticing that her brother and Constance had gone on a little way aud that the Colonel was waiting for her. With a blush that the night hid sne joined %im and followed the others. She would have liked to tell him something of what she -felt. She knew he would neither laugh at her nor misunderstand her, but the words would not come. She felt the silence, short as it was in reality, a little awkwardt and yet &he; could not break it. And on his side Colonel Graham was thinking how dull and stupid his companion must think him; and how difficult it was to say anything that would be neither too «lly nor too pretentious. He, too, felt the silence a little awkward, and hurried after the others as fast as politeness would allow him. They passed no one on the way except two or three policemen. As they neared the southern front of the yard—the arched corridor of which Armini had spoken, the bells above them, in their deep, soft tones, chimed the hour—a quarter before 8. " I am exactly in time," said Guy. " Now, Colonel Graham, if you please, I will leave the ladies with you, while I go forward and speak to this fellow. If he is not there, I shan't wait for him." So saying he went forward alone, and turned towards the passage which leads under the street to the railway station, while his companions followed a few steps behind. But before he entered the arched passage and while he was still in the cloister of the Palace he met the man whom he was coming to see, emerging from the underground passage. He carried an overcoat over his left arm, and a large black portmanteau in his right band. "You are punotual, I see, Mr. O'Brien," said Guy, advancing towards him, "Have you got the papers?" O'Brien looked at him, he thought, as if he Were uot the man he expected to see. "Did Armini tell you to oome here?" he asked hurriedly. "Certainly. He told me you would give me the certificate of my discharge from the Society, and all the papers which in any way connected me with it. Haven't you got them ?" For a moment or two O'Brien said nothing. He seemed utterly confused by what Guy had said to him. Then he stammered out— "He never told me; but if he has arranged it with you, it's all right. The papers must be in a parcel he gave me, but no message came with it ^perhaps the man forgot it, or lost the note. How provoking! Ive left it in the cloak-zoom, in my little bag, Just keep your eye on this portmanteau for a minute or two, won't you? while I run back and fetch it." And almost before he had ceased speaking, he had laid down his large bag close to the wall beside Guy, and run off down the passage. " Hullo !" cried Guy. "Mind you come back at once. I can't wait. I'll have to leave your bag lying here if you're not back in a minute or two." "Leave it then!" came up the passage for the answer. " Did he say 'leave it then? " said Guy to himself. " He can't have meant that. It would be stolen very likely. But I can't keep the Others waiting much longer." The place was perfectly still; only an echoing footfall now and then sounded in the subterranean passage, and the far-off rumble of a train in the tunnel below. His friends were near at hand, saying only a word to two to each other now and then. They had drawn a little nearer since O'Brien had disappeared. At this juncture one of Guy's shoes happened to need tying, and he stooped down to fasten it. As he stooped his ear was not far from the portmanteau he was guarding, and he thought he heard a faint clicking sound inside the bag. At first he thought nothing of it; but suddenly a suspicion darted through his brain—O'Brien's confused manner and sudden flight took a newmeaning—and in an instant he had applied his car to the side of the portmanteau. For one instant he felt literally paralysed. Then he started up and was at the Colonel's side in a moment. "Take the girls to the other side of the square as quick as you can." He spoke very rapidly, but as quietly as he could. " What is it?" asked the Colonel. "Oh! what is it, Guy? Why do you look like that? You are as pale as death," said Constance, clinging to his arm. "Run 2" he shouted with a stamp of his foot and a savage glare at Colonel Graham, throwing off the girl's clasp as if it had been that of a serpent. The Colonel could not in the least understand, but he was accustomed to obey without asking a reason and to command without giving one; ne seized the two girls each by an arm and hurried them across the square. Guy darted back to the portmanteau, which he felt certain contained that awful agent of malignant rowardice, dynamite. Almost before lie reached it he- bad pulled out his penknife, and with one stroke he drew it along the top of the bag, ripping through leather and lining. The click of a clock was now audible enough. He felt for it carefully and found it. He tried to lift it, but it was wedged in between packages of the terrible compound. There.was nothing for it but to lift out the packages, and this he'did one by one till tne clock was reached. He said afterwards that he felt no fear, only a little trembling from excitement, the one thought in his mind being that that clock must be got out of that bag. Carefully, slowly, he lifted it out, and, feeling for the hammer which he knew must be there, tore it away with his fingers. The clock, harmless now, was still in his hand, when two stalwart policemen, coming rapidly from Palace-yard, roughly 6eized him. Rising suddenly to his full height, Guy shook them off. " Take care!" he shouted, hoarsely. " Min 1 your feet. That's dynamite!" "We know it is, young man," returned one of the constables, as he seized his prisoner again. With the natural indignation of an innocent man, Guy . dashed his elbow into the man's chest and freed himself once more. " It's no use," said the other constable; "better come with us quietly;" and as he spoke he blew his whistle, and the tramp of running men was immediately heard, as two or three more policemen came to the assistance of their fellows. Guy looked this way and that. To his right was the underground passage, where escape was practically imiwssible; to his left were the advancing police. If he ran, he was certain not only to be caught, but to make the case against him much blacker than it was. So, exclaiming, "I knew nothing about it! Iliad no idea what was in the bag till this moment!" he yielded himself a prisoner. 