LADY PEAthL. The listeners, Ribston excepted, started and stared at him in loathing and dismay. The face of the detective never moved a muscle. 'He offered me five hundred pounds and Gaunt House as a home. 'You did the trick well in your own wife's case,' he said; 'do the same for me." 'And you assented?' said Colonel Dashwood. 'Apparently, for I was in need of money, but he made a stipulation that I should not claim it until six months after her' ladyship's death. He was cunning enough to know that the payment of so much money from him to me might give rise' to suspicion. I assented, and then sat down to think what I should do.' 'Stop a minute,' said Ribston, ' I am a .little behind. 'Sat down to think what I should do.' All right; go on.' 'Gentlemen,'. continued the doctor, raising his voice a little, 'whenrr a man has once stood in a felon's dock on a charge of murder and escapes the rope he does not;want to rue the risk again, and I least of all'desired to do so. So I concocted a little scheme. I chose a vegetable poison of slow action and fatal, save for one par. ticular antidote, and gave a dose of it to her ladyship.; Please, gentlemen, do not shrink from me. ' I never meant that she should' die. I only wanted to make my five hundred pounds sure.' 'Be as brief as you can,' said Tommy Dray, and let us get this. horrible story over.' 'Amehe, miuriurredBarnet Claverly. ' After I had administered it, gentlemen IQsought and obtained an interview with her ladyship, who seemed at the time'to be on the m6st'affectionate terms with her husband, and he being absent at the, time ii t ldl h?i e( everything: : She' refused -to believe .meat first, but. I:.soon. gave her incontestible proof- Having done that I mad.' iiy;:stipulation-that she :should obey me for six months,-doing just what I willed, live w?ieie I pleased, and if obedi entTS'Was'td give' her the antidote.'J ' Steady,' said Ribston. ' I must put all that down very carefully-hum, 'To -give liif the :antidote.. Yes- ready.' ... ' At first she waas almost as bitter against me as she had become against him, and vowr'd thatashe would die if only'to"hbring us.tp,the gallows. But I.pointed out to lier that the pmison could never'be traced; and then she yielded. I knew her to be a womran who could be trusted and took her word. ::Then she had the antidote, and: I made it:'of that. nature that she seemed:.to die, and lay for two whole days in a state-that.was as like death;:as: any thing living could be. -'To carry this out Ibrought, in' mesmerism to my aid.' . 'And where is this unfortunate lady now ?' asked.the colonel. . .'.At Gaunf.H-Ioiise.' 'A prisoner?' . . . 'Nb. I:She can, aith certain iestrictions walk 'abhoii ait her will.' " S'.Thut accounuts for'the ghost Meg saw, said the colonfel, addressing 'Barnet Clav erly in an undertone. 'A' silly woman playing the ghost, and natural fear, gave such, aid :to :the imagination as'. .was needed..:, ' If you will permit me to return home,' said:the ddoctobr,; ' I will undertake to have Lady Friarly'here by nine o'clock.'; ' Can't be done,' said' Ribston; briefly. ' Could'nt let you'go'at any price.' '!Will -ou 'detain me now ?' - 'Yes.sir; sorry to do it, of course, but it"timstH beidodie., You've doverlooked the conspiracy business. -. That's something serious, you'-know, and you did give poison'tithat's more against you. "We can prove that through Lady Friarly. Per haps you' miay"be admitted as Queen's evidence against Sir'Charles,'but I am not sure we'shall want you.' - ' Gentlemen,' said' the' doctor, appealing to the others,' is this fair? You entrap me into a confession and then you Band id over to the tender: mercies of a police constable.',':. ' YOiu''were not 'entrapped;' 'said the colonel,curtly, "and wer made you no promises.' ' Besides, I warned 'you, you know,' remonstrated Ribston,. ':I recall 'all' I" have said,? cried the doctor, leaping up, 'it is'not a jest. I I Ribston.was,by his side, and a clicking noise bore- witness to a very dexterous adjustment of the handcuffs. ,Now. we're quite comfortable,'.,said 'the defietiVei,'"ard have nothing more td fret about. .:!If, you.don't object,; colonel, I should like to.have him kept here for a :-ei f hours while I ride' over to 'Gaunt House . : . 'I will guard dim myself,' the colonel said": T. i l::.. ,j ' And if any gentleman cares to go with me,' muttered the "detective, ' Ishall jbe gid ,of; luisit 'npan}, if` only tA'obear witness to what .I find there.,, 'I'll go,' said'Tommny Dray '' Thiatik youti sir,' said the officer,' and id''thefis'ilio timie to: be lobst, ie ill go ~t'-'o'nd', .?i will lookweill a'fieir the doctor, colonel, won't you ?' "': ' He shall not ie lest sight of, for a domen$t,' ieplied the colo'nel 'I'm a little particular colonel,' said Ribston, 'as .it is a very, nice little case and I don't want it spoiled. In the ordinary way of-duty.I:ought to send -for some constables to take charge of him, butImnighltget' a mari here who would o;6h'ile oif tief lidglory.. It's myambition to' liat'eill tle ijrofeisional credit attidclied i ';:havye no desire to share it withlyou,' the colonel replied, with a smile:. Horses were scarce at Dumbedikes, but Toninly tiad itwo of his own just fit for the service required, and he and the detective set forth with all sped 'fdr Gaunt House, the latter sitting straight and square in the saddle, bumping in true military fashion.- - ,t.Yibi hAve been in the service ?' said Tommy . .' : b s-When. a young fellow, . sir,' replied Riblston, 'I-was dissatisfied -with a good home and ran away from it. I had three yIei'rswithl th'e Seventeeith Lancers and that was quite enough soldieringfor me all hard work nhd no profit.' 'You can take the dykes, then,?' u '.I'll'take an-'thing after yon, sir. 'Then we will go straight away for Gaunt House.' And straight they went accdrdingly,. .It.wivws stil :daylight when : Ribston reined up atthe igate,ad, and, dismounting, rang th'i bell with no very gentile hand. ' The iron clapper gave out a sound that wais heard far over the marshes, .but it soon ceased. The two men ivWaited several minutes.but there was no response. 'There!must:be somebody elsec in the house,' said Ribstomn. " Ring again,' said Tommy Dray. The detective rang again, louder than Before, but the minutes passed and the sun.now' 'near the horizon was going steadily down. SWhVoever is inside seems to smell a rat,' said Ribston; 'hut we must not be done. We must get in somehow before darkness comes on. Kindly hold my horse, sir, while I see if I can climb over the gate,' CHAPTER XXVII. The gates of Gaunt Iouse were made at a time when it was occasionally necess ary to defend the place against a foe, and on the top the cunning artificers of the time had arranged some revolving spikes that would have baffled a better climber than Ribston the detective, He saw that before he began the ascent but he trusted that time had rusted and fixed them, forgetting that what time bad done could be undone by man. Doctor Sabotson had noted these spikes, and knowing their usefulness, had given Crewel the task of putting them in order and oiling them-a task that .had been per-. formed with great care. ' No go here,' the detective called out, as he laid hold of the spikes and they began to revolve. 'It would puzzle a monkey to get over them.' ' Shall I ring again ?' Tommy asked. 'Ay, do sir, and ring until somebody comes,' The bell was set clanging- again, and Tommy Dray pulled until his arms ached. Then the detective had another turn, but the result was the same-nobody respon ded to their summons. 'What's to be done new?' Tommy asked. I 'I don't know,' said Ribston, puzzled, 'It isn't like an ordinary house, and unless we had a piece of artillery here I dont see how we are to 'force our way in.' 'The people in the..house must have had orders' to admit nobody.' 'That's it, sir, but 'I wonder if there is not a way of making them. Hallo ! house there-- hallo I' ~"The sun is down, Mr. Ribston' '.Yes, and there's no moon to-night worse luck. I'm afraid there's nothing to do but to ride back to Dumbedikes and wait until to-morrow, when we must bring some help. A few sacks fixed on those spikes will enable us to get over." 'I don't think there ought to be any time lost,' said Tommy, resolutely; 'ypu ride back and bring the help. Lanterns and torches can be got, and there are a lot of servants about. For all we' know Lady Friarly may be murdered.' ' - !And you really will. stop here 'alone, sir?"' asked Ribston. 'Certainly. S'Then all.-I can say' is that you are about the pluckiest gentleman I ever met.' ' Dont waste time 'in paying compli ments .to me,. but get along to Dumbe dikes.' :Ribston touched his hat and put spurs to his horse. If he wished to take a straight course home there was no time to be lost, for the sun was down and night fast coming on.' Tommy watched him as he rode away until the forms of both horse and man were lost in the gathering shadows. Dismounting he tethered' his horse to the gate and walked to and fro. The nights were chilly and the marsh was inclined to be misty, but not so covered with haze as it usually was in the autumn evenings. ' 'It is a good job that the niotion of Lady Friarly's ghost is exploded,' thought Tommy, ' or for the life of me I dare. not be here now. What's that-somebody shouting.' He paused and listened, and something like the muffled cry of a human being reached his ears, but whether it was from Gaunt House or the marshes he could not tell, - ' I wonder if it is any use ringing again?' he muttered ; 'perhaps if I do some big brute of a fellow will rush out and either pound the life oat of me or cut my throat or shoot me. No, I think I had better keep quiet.' The darkness soon came and the night being a cloudy one, the lone watcher had not even the stars to cheer him. Any thing more wretched than being sentinel at'such a spot ban scarcely be conceived. But Tommy Dray had a stout heart in his little body, and having some cigars in his pocket he lighted one and sauntered some dozen paces up and down the bridge that spanned the road, occasionally pausing to look or listen for anybody coming. .Time lagged wearily with him, and he was surprised when he examined his watch' by the aid of his lighted cigar to find that he had not been there half an hour alone,.and yet it seemed to him as if he had been there.five times as long. 'They can't be here anyhow for another houir,' he muttered. How differenti the momtents fly'whenI'm with Lucy, and yet they are the same length. What an odd thing. I'll 'try' to solve the problem.' '"He wias not to solve the problem for at that moment he'again heard' the muffled sound ofa human voice, and this time he was sure it came from Gaunt House. :'And it is like a cry, for' ielpi' he muttered, .shuddering. 'Perhaps some body 'is, being, brutally murdered;. What an awful' thing it is to be here and not able to help' them.' But I can 'ring the bell again. That may cause a diversion.' ,Tihesound of the bell on the still night air had a terrible effect, but Tommy :kept pulling until he saw a light.flashing in one of the'lower :.windows. . 'At-last,' he said, grimly. ' LI thought Isshould rouse thenm. Now for it-peace or war. A stout riding-whip is better than nothing in such a situation as.this,' The light moved away as if carried by some person with an uncertain hand, then it suddenly brightened until the bar of the latticed window stood out bold and black, then died away a little, and finally broke' out into a deep red; accompanied by a roaring and a crackling sound. 'Great Heavens !' exclaimed the watcher, ' the house is on fire.' , Of that there was no doubt, for suddenly thia flames leaped up, apparently from the floor, and one of the windows being open a tongue of flame burst forth with a hiss, and winding itself about the latticed pdanes, speedily melted thie lead and. set the woodwork on fire. 'The place was' old 'and there being 'a vast amount of. woodwork in it the fire rapidly spread, and Tommy Dray, stanid ing dismayed at the gatein utter'helpless ness, saw it run from room'to room and ulirst successively from the windows with incredible rapidity. It may be that in the intense excitement he laboured under, he lost all record of time, b't when thipking over the dim event in after days be was impressed with the belief that it only tooek five minutes to iwrap the ancient mansion in a blaze. No matter how long or short the time it took, there it was, alight from end to end, burning with a terrible fury, thie dry wain scoting and the old flooring crackling and sputtering as the flames rapidly reduced them to ashes, ' My God !' exclaimed the watcher, ina hits agony; where are the people inside ?, Why don't they come forth ? Are they asleep ? I'll halld--fire ! fire !' The darkness of the night was dispelled from the spot, a rich red glare lying on the flat lands for miles around. High in the still air rose a great column of flame, awe inspiring in its vastness, terrible for a lone man to gaze upon. He stood with his' eyes fixed upon the. porch of the house that faced the gates. hoping and praying that the huge oak door might open and let out those whom he believed to be inside. At such a time no man could have gazed on uinmoved or indifferent to the late of the most con temptible wretch or hardened . crininal shut in between these fiery walls, and. Tommy Dray shrieked and halloed for the inmates to come forth as if those he loved most dearly had been in peril. His frightened horse, after wildly plunging, broke loose and galloped away over the marsh.unheeded. All Tommy's thoughts were now con centrated on the blazing house and those within it. With nervous hbands he shook the all resisting gates and shouted until he was hoarse. The bars became hot to his touch, showers of sparks fell thickly upon him, but he still held on, and shouted, when it must have been apparent even to him in his excitement that all hopes of saving anyone was gone. At length he let go his hold and went staggering back over the drawbridge, for a light breeze had sprung up and blown dense volumes of smoke, bearing in their bosoms hot tongues of flame towards him, and half-blinded and with blistered hands lie stood at a safe distance, looking on the conflagration in a state of helpless horror. " From this he was soon awakened by the clatter of horses' feet and the shouting of men's. voices. Then Barnet Claverly came riding up in hot haste, and close upon him was the colonel, half a dozen servants, and Ribston, the detective. ' What has happened? Who did it ?' cried Claverly. \- 'I-know nothing more than that the fire suddenly burst out and has run through the place with awful rapidity,' replied Tommy. ' But the people within ?' 'I have not seen one of them.,' How many are there. ?' 'There,' groaned the colonel;: 'that fellow Sabotson has made what he calls a clean breast of it, and confessed to having Lady Pearl there in confinement. He did it at the first instigation of that scoun drel Friarly. Merciful Heaven! can it be true ? but surely they have escaped I' 'Nobody has come out by the gates, but-but there may be some other outlet.' "None,' groaned the colonel. ' I know the place well. But did you hear nothing -no shouting for help ?' 'Yes;' said Tommy Dray, 'I heard some muffled cries, such as might come from a person shut up in some inner room. 'That was Lady Pearl in her prison,' said the colonel. 'What an awful fate, poor thing, and what am I to -say to Blackfern? Will not he and others curse me for inviting them down here?' 'I don't see that. you are to blame,' said Barnet Claverly. 'Of course you are not,' said Tommy. -'Du-nbedikes has always. been.. most confoundedly unfortunate,' said. the colonel. 'Only three years ago young Patterson broke his neck when trying a half-broken horse at the dykes,, and it .was here that my father got a' fall that made him an invalid during the last seven years of his life. I'll shut the place-up and leave it to-morrow for ever.' His usually genial face was marred with the sorrow that had hold of him, and the hand that held the reins of his horse trembled as he turned his horse's head so that he might hide his emotion, Strong men do. not care to be seen with tears in their eyes, and the colonel- all honour to him-was weeping like a woman. Very little more was said, but in silence they watched the progress of the fire, which soon reached its climax and spent itself. The old walls split and.cracked, and some of the ceilings fell, but the stonework stood the test more bravely. Floor after floor and the roof fell in, shoting myriads of many coloured sparks high' into the air, but the massive walls; though charred and broken here and there, remained standing until an explosion was heard, then the whole structure outer and inner walls, iron gate and draw bridge-collapsed, and Gaunt House was a thing of the past. The noise of the explosion, coming so unexpectedly, started the horses and sent them galloping off furiously in different directions. The men were all good riders, and with the exception of two stable helpere, who found themselves rolling with their steeds in a dyke, speedily reined up.: Gaunt House was now nothing more thafn a heap of smouldering ashes, giving' out a light similar to'that which emanates from a lime kiln, but the men had brought torches, and having lighted them the whole party turned homewards. One of the helpers gave up his horse to Tommy Dray, and the three gentlemen and Ribston rode forward, leaving:the others to come on at their leisure. 'Some devilishl work has been done here,' the colonel said, "and Sabotson is at:thebottom of it.' ' Ar man would scarcely burn.his house dorwn inless he had 'some betteri reason than I can think of thle doctor having,' said Barnet Claverly. 'I-His subordinate may have had something to do with it;' '.Sabotson said be was a man capible of anything' ' ' Trying, of course, to shoulder his sin upon him.' '- He seems to lhaste been a 'bit in the man's power. But what a horrible affair it is. Who is to tell it to Blackfern ? And to think that we have all this timeo been indulging in blaming Lady Pearl for mis conduct.' . ' sliotld go to Lord Ardinlaun and get him to break the news to the duke,' said Tonfiny Dray. Slill' I: ygo up to. morrow ?' 'I wish you would, ihere's a good fellow,' said the coloniel. !I am' not so young as I svas,. and my nerves are tIhorouighly unstrung. The girls too will take this to heart, for they were fond of Lady Pearl.' 'She was a very handsome woman,' said Tommy Dray, meditativelyi. 'I used to be awful spoons upon her, poor thing, and now to think she is nothing but a heap of charred ashes. Oh I it's horrible.' . On reaching Dumbedikes they found Meg and Lucy, who had watched the fire from the distance, anxiously expecting their reture. They wanted to know what had taken place, but none cared to tell them. 'There Ihas been a fire at Gaunt House,' the colonel said, ' and we will tellyou all about it to-morrow.' 'You are keeping something back from us,' said Lucy. 'Where are they whom you were going to bring back with you ?' ' We hIave not been able to find them,' said the 'colonel. 'Not find them i' The eyes of his daughters were fixed on him, and the colour was fast leaving their cheeks. Already they had no inkling of the real nature of the disaster. 'XWe were unable to get into Gaunt House,' said the colonel, ' the gates were closed-and-and---' ' Is the house completely burnt down I' asked Lticy, impatiently. 'Tell me the truth-don't deceive me.' 'It is,' ' And has nobody been rescued ?' ' We have seen nobody.' 'And to think of the hard and cruel things we have said of Pearl,' said Lucy 'Oh ! Meg, how can we ever forgive our selves ?' The hard and cruel things she had said had not been particularly spiteful, but they seemed to be so just then, and the sisters shed many bitter tears together ere they went to rest. Ribston, the detective, meanwhile took charge of the doctor, who had been guarded by a couple of stalwart footmen, and told him of the burning of Gaunt House, The doctor flew into= a state of fury. 'That is Crewel's work,' he said.. 'I always feared the fellow would play me some devilish trick.' "'' And what do you think he has done?' ' Robbed the place-I had two hundred pounds in notes in my desk-and set fire to it.' 'But the ladies-surely he would set them free.' ' Not he,' said the doctor, curtly,' he is a:man who will havenbobody to share his secrets. . If -he had set them free he would have left witnesses of his:crime. I should say he fastened" them in a; room and,left them to the mercy of the fire.'.. ' But surely hle could not be such a brute.' SCrewel,'--said the doctor,-' is- brute enough for:anything.' CHAPTER XXVIII. Whesn Crevel brought to Lord Raiden store the news of the escape of Emilie de Launay and.warned him to. fly he turned his face from the little fishing inn where he had been staying and set out :on 'foot, walking inland. 'In a wandering life, going hither and thither,'.he said, 'I shall find distractioti from my thoughts and rub the risk of meeting with her. Poor Emilie.l I have used her shamefully ! When we do meet what' will she do ?' ' It is ridiculous for a strong man to be afraid of a "woman,' he muttered, as he tramped along the dark road, ' but I am a'frid of her, and it would be a folly to attempt-to disguise the fact from myself, She is desperate, for she suffers from a triple; source-defeated ambition, pride humbled, and a.trust betrayed. Any one of them enough to make her dangerous,' ..He filled his pipe, and lighting it walked along the road at a brisk pace without 'any definite knowledge of whither he was going. He believed he was bearing towards Ipswich, but knew that 'the cliief town of Suffolk must be many miles away, and that. he would have to pass through minor ,towns before reaching it.. At any one of them he o'ughlt to be able to get what he wanted a tourist's knapsack. 'With that,' he thought, ' I can live a life of,.freedom-going here and there. It ~vill 'lbe jolly enough foi a time, and perhaps her fury may blow over-or she may die. No,.t.I don't wish that. :I've injuried'i he too much already'ever to'wish lie'a any);further'injury; Apart from his 'fear he was as truly. sorry'for-the crime he had been guilty of as a man can well be, He had been sorry froin the moment'when be saw hler writhing in the strong arms of Crewel and realised ihe fate to which he had con signed her. Thiekeeper showed her no. mercy or tenderness, no more than he would have shown to a mad dog. 'They. must be kept under with a strong band,' he said; and the look which accom panied the words haunted .Lord Raiden store from that hour. That lonely walk in the -night gave him excellent time for reflection, and he recalled much of the past and. dwelt particularly upon that interview with Emilie in which she had spoken of her self as a woman wronged. ' Was it true that the people frdm which she sprang were of. the same flesh and blood as hiis'elf ? To some exterit he had always' admitted they were,,but he:and men ;like him had' the advantages of culture which is supposed to .mike men more honouribles than the uneducated could ever be. The it suddenly flashed upon' him that'he, with all his advantages, had not exactly. behaved like'- an honour able man. " SIt' was part of the creed of his class that women of the lower classes can be had for the asking, used for playthings for a time, then tossed aside and thought' no more of, and the fallacy of such a creed wais beginning to dawn upon him. :He called to mind when first he met her, a pretty, vain, rather clever, but not highly educated or well-trained girl.. She answered' the theatrical manpager's purpose hnd' filled the.stall. witi admirers. Lord Raidenstore was one of them, and laid siege to a fortress not too well defended. Vanity kept the gate, and wild ambi tion sat upon 'thes watch ?ower. -:VWhat could he havaeexpected then? She lis teiied to him with .greedy eiiars and lie came what our story has recorded her to be. . ' He walked manymiles that isight thinkr ing of her, and sat dbwn when be came toea small markettown where hewas thinking iof her still. In vain:'he sought some solace" for himself. If hd escaped froni her he never could escape from the accus ing spirit within him which called him "scoundrel.'" It was market day, and the ostlers of the chief mins were already astir pre paring for the visitors to come, filling troughs with water. and.big baskets with hay and putting the stables in order. He pulled up at one of the best and asked'an ostler if he could have some breakfast.: The man was sure be.could, but not just-yet. The girl was lighting the kitchen fineand wouldgit him somei presently... 'But'youarce uncommon early, to be sure, sir,' said' the man?, eyeing him curidusly, 'riot that' if.matters to us, for we've'lhad an'earlier one than you. 'An earlier visitor I' exclaimed Lord Raideinstore.. i Yes, sir, a'ntid a rtum.oiie, butitheri~d-' ' George; youilazy vagabond, where' are yoti?: There's not a bit of firing- in the coffee-room yet.'. i 'hat's me, sir,' said the ostler, .touch ing -iis forehead. 'I'm jack-of-all-trades on market day. You stay here a minute and I'll have a nice comfortable fire, It do get cold, to be sure, and we are bound to have an early winter.' He went away rubbing hi: elbow e ith his hand and uttering those sibilations ivith which all who know anything of ostlers are familiar, and Lord Raidenstore walked about the stable yard until he was summoned within. He intended to ask the ostler more about the stranger who had arrived befors him, but the man did not reappear. In his place there came a great, gawky maid with a simpering face, who blushed and stammered as she told him that the room was ready and asked him what he would like for breakfast. 'Anything,' he said. ' We have ham and eggs, sir, and- -' ' Haan and eggs will do.' He went into the coffee-room, which looked cheerful with its blazing fire and carefully sanded floor, and drawing up a chair he sat down and warmed his hands. The girl laid the cloth with more neatness than might have been. expected, blushing and simpering still before unheeding eyes, and as soon as she had completed her task disappeared in search of the ham and eggs. She brought him.a dishful, enough for Goliath of old, or the most inveterate gourmand of modern days, with a large coffee-pot filled with the decoction that passesfor coffee in this country, and he fell to with the appetite of one who could still boast of sound health. A hearty meal and the warmness of the fire following so closely upon the. recent exertions brought on a drowsiness, and after falling asleep before the fire and nearly falling into it, he rang the bell and asked if he could have a bedroom for a few hours. ' The fact is,' he said,. ' I lost' the last train last-night, and not liking to 'trouble my friends to get up I walked about until this morning. So-I must take my sleep now.' : This request brought the hostess upon the scene, who at a glance assured hersell she had a gentleman before her, and not one of those wandering rascals who plunder inns on market days, and in personi ushered him upstairs. ' This is a fine old house of yours,' he said, looking round upon the corridor above, rich with carved woodwork a couple of centuries old. 'This is quite a show house, sir,' she replied, with a gratified smile. ' We often get gentlemen of the arky-something society- ' 'Archmological Society.' ' That's it sir, We often, get them here, and some of 'em -go into fits over them wooden figures on the panels, which I consider to be as ugly as sin, and would sell dirt cheap if our lease permitted. A nice new paper would be much better. ' That is, of course, a matter of taste,' Lord Raidenstore remarked. "So it is, and I think I have some taste, as you will see when I show you your room. But don't talk loud, sir, as we have an .invalid here, in that room next to yours. Come in, sir. There, what do you think of it ? Nice, isn't it, sir?' From an msthetic point of view the room was an abomination in the land: the wainscotted walls had been canvassed and papered, the latticed windows orna mented with flaring curtains, and the room stocked with a lot of modern cheap fur niture; but everything was neat and clean, and the sight of the bed welcome to one so tired as Lord Raidenstore. ' It is very pretty,' he said. ' But what is this, by the mantelpiece?' 'Oh ! that's a sort of sword or dagger that my husband brought from the Indian Mutiny, sir. He's been a soldier and fought and got medals, but I don't be lieve in glory. He had a lot. of them weapons,- and I've put 'em about the house to make ornaments like.' ' Rather dangerous weapons,' -yawned the listener. " . . . ' That's the worst of the lot.-ir,' replied the landlady, 'for most of 'em are only stich daggers-as you see men have in the play. Ijust hang 'em out of the reach of the children, and there they are. to look at.' - 'Handy in case of burglars or thieves at all events.' - . ... 'Why,.yes,. sir. ,.But.we've never, had occasion to use themri. - We .have'- neither burglars nor thieves here at night. - Now and then on market'days somebody sneaks up and steals a something, but we keep a pretty close watch. Is there anything more you may want sir ?' ' Nothing, thank you.' ' Then I'll wish you a good morning, sir, instead of good night, and pleasant dreams to you.' ' Thank you, I'm'sure." Left to himself Lord Raidenstore took off his coat and boots, and. turning back the coverlet of the bed lay down.- It was not his purpose' to take a long rest, as there was on him a desire to get-further away.from. Gaunt House and all its surroundings. :' Before closing his eyes he remembered the door and thoutight heI would get. iup and lock it, but fatigue and a sense of the ridiculous conspired to keep him still, SWho on earth should come in. here ?' he thought. ' Anrid if they. do, what is there to steal? Besides, it is daylight, and in another hour hundreds of people will be running to and:fro . ..... And so he lept quiet and 'iulfilled the decrees of fate by falling asleep and leaving.his door unlocked. . For a timnd he lay still, so sound asleep that lie bhid no dreams, but presently .ie experienced a sensation of coming out.:of deepdsirtness and returning to life. He thought he was in a ctvern wvhere a huge b'at -wast moving to and frd' flapping, its dusky wings. Hre could not see it, only lear it, and the awful terrors of nightmare came upon him. " IHe tried to fly but -his limibs were fixed; hIe felt invisible hands clasping his ankles and wrists; he wras powerless, arid the bat still flapped its wings about hisi head, slowly descending and drawing nearer and neater. Then he felt the soft, web-like mass fidl against his face and clasp liim about the mouth. He could not breathe, he was stifling, when he made one great effort and -awoke to find a woman kneeling by his side with one hand upon his mouth, and the other raised aloft wiih a dagger in its clutch. 'One word, one movement,' she said, 'and you are a dead bird.' He lay quite still and stared at her as the fascinated bird stares atthle basilisk haelplessly- for here was the woman he was flying from-Emile de;Lalinay. She was attired oddly in some coarse garments that did not fit her, but there was nothing ludicrous in her appearance, She was terrible in her wrath, awful to look upon in'the hour of her vengeance. 'You fled from me,' lshe hissed,'but you could not escape nme., I was, indeed, here' before you, They took me in last niglst, believing thle story I told them that I had been waylaid and robbed. So I have, of my peace, of my hope in man, of my chance of hIappiness in this world.' She paused, and a big sob of agony for a moment swelled her heart, but the next insltant she was Ihard and fierce a:gain. ' I release your mouthl,' she said, ' an'd you may nseak to toe, but not above a whisper or I strike. Now, have you any last request to make of me ?' 'None,'"hc replied, briefly. 'You will not beg for your life ?' 'No,' 'But you are afraid of death,' she said. 'I see it in your eyes. You do not cross the borderland that lies between this world abd the next--' 'If you have anything more to say,' he said, indifferently, 'say it and do your worst. I am tired of my life.' 'You tired of your life ?' ' YeS.' ' And what has made you so ?' ' What have I to live for ?' Am I not in the power of a woman who bhates me? I have no remedy stnless I take her life.' ' You sought to take it once,'. she said, fierdely. 'No, Sunny, as I live. I. thought you would simply be kept in very easy.confine ment and handsomely, treated. When I saw the mistake I had made I was truly sorry.' ' Truly-sorry,' she said, slowly. ' Ah, no doubt you were.' 'You can believe me or not, as you please,' he said, crossing his arms above his.head. ' You spoke of having little to live for the said, after a pause.. ' Tell'me if 'I am your principal burden ?' ''Can you ask such a question ?' he bitterly replied.: ' Our -liason was all a mistake. No good could ever come of it.' 'Unless you had married me.' . Why talk of that now ?' he said sadly.. 'Look.here, Emilie, I am no cur, and I don't really know why I fled fromi you.. I have done you an injury that is irreparable Your vengeance is.therefore only. justice. Do what you will-kill me.' '"Have you'never hoped for 'my death?' she asked, as site. raised her arm. 'Many times,! he replied. 'You wished it in your dastard selfish. ness.' ' Ay, in 'my itter selfishniess.' ' And what is your.wish now?' 'I have none to uitter.' 'She raised the dagger to strike with her eyes on his, and he met her look fearlessly. ' You are sure you are not afraid'to die?' she said. ' No,' he replied, in his usual calm tone. ' Then why; should I be ?' she cried. Raidy, see how an injured-woman can avenge herself. 'You are free. And bringing the dagger swiftly down she plunged it into her bosom, staggered back a pace, and rolled upon the floor. ' Merciful Heaven I Sunny, what have you done ?' cried Lord Raidenstore, leap ing from the couch, fully aroused from his apathy. 'Sunny-Sunny, will you not speak to me ? No, she is dead-dead, and I am her murderer.' CIIATPTER XXIX. SoRROW will hardeh sometimes, although its office is to soften hard hearts and teach the thoughtless to think of .others, and Lady Friarly was one of those who filled the less pleasant office, and for awhile she stood aloof from all sympathy with others, wrapped in the memory of her own wrongs.. She had fallen into the net spread by Doctor Sabotson-first, to save her own life, and, secondly, to have revenge upon her worthless husband. She knew that he must have some motive in attempting to dispose of her, and at the bottom. of this must lay ,a passion '.for another woman, . . Nor was 'it difficult 'for her 'to'guess what he' was' aiming at, and at onie time she had hoped to hear of his uniodn with her, and, when it would have too late: for him to escape his 'error she would have fallenl upon'him and her. ' With one stone she hoped.to kill two birds.' But when Pearl was brought to Gaunt House a prisoner, and she 'learned' why she had been brought thither, a revulsion of feeling, took place within her, heart and all her former hate turned to. pity. But'. she .hid it close, for had she. not given her word to Doctor Sabotson that she:..would obey hin 'in all' things until the six months had expired ?- :, It may be thought strange that Pearl did not recognise Lady Friarly, but there were many things that united to .make the recognition difficult. Pearl had seen very, little of Lady Friarly in society; she believed her to be dead. Suffering had indeed changed her, ind she, by a different arangement of hair and a plain dress, had made herself look more like a matron of the middle class than a'woman whose life had been spent within 'the charmed circle of the upper ten. .:-Pity is a thing that grows, and ere long Lady Friarly found that hers was not to bd.cliecke'd. She softened in spite 'of herself,' and 'abandoning the abrupttiess she had before cultivated the real. lady shone' forth' again'and Pearl' began' to1see id the ci-divant' Mrs. Newman one of her own. position in life. The rest was inevitable, and the revelation of the real name of i her attendant was made to Pearl on the very day that Dr. Sabotson was sent for..to the Dumbedikes. Then the twio :'womeii freely compare'dndtes aboidfiSii 'Charles with a result the bdaioaet :woiild no't, have been very proud of. ' , : :. The doctor: was also disgussed, and e'er long it was decided that he w'as a worth: less sdouridrel who ivould break any coni pact to serve his own ends, and therefore therewas hno need to keep a compact with him. ' ,* My time is drawing .short, said. Lady Friarly,"' and how do I know what he mai do to save himself from exposure? He told me onie "that heI trusted nobody, and I see no reason why he.s hould trust me.' 'Is there no chance of escap-?' asked Pearl.. '.None while he is in the house,' replied Lady Friarly, 'hbut if we could only get him avay for a few hours I could easily arrange .to keep that monster Cirewel quiet. I keep the keys of thecellar, and an admission to it ivill soon reduce him to a state of helplessness.' As if in answer to her wish Doctor Sabotson was sent for that day, tand Lady Friarly watched him go towahrds Dumbe dikes with a fast.beating heart. Here was the opportunity she had hoped and prayed for, and being a resolute woman she emr braced it.' ' ' Returning to Pearl's room she g'ave her the glad tidings and bade hier be ready to leave ina quarter of an hour. 'Then she sought out Crewel, whomshe' found in the hall walking sulldtily up and down smoking his pipe. e. , It was part of. his creed never to be very civil to anybody unless there was something to be got by it, and not seeing hisv way clear to 'anytsing just 'then he only gave Lady Friarly a sullen nod. Stilling what anger his insolence aroused site nsmiled and hIoped he was very well. 'Can't say I am, ma'am,' he said., 'I look a strong 'on, but I'ln as weak as a braly, There's nothting to keep mle up herc, IThe doctor is miuch too stingy.' 'tie is inclined to be economical,' said Lady Friarly, 'but perhaps he will h? more generous when he gets more patients. He looks well after himself, however, and as I find that his port dea canter is empty I think it had better be refilled. Will you kindly fetch me up a bottle? And now that I think of it the sherry ought to be shifted to another bin. Have you much to do io-day ?' ' Nothing, ma'am,' said Crewel, with sullen interest'in the conversation, 'Then will you be kind enough to d, it ? An hour will suffice for the work, and when you have done bring back the keys.' Crewel promised he would, and havies fetched a bottle of port he returned to tho cellar bearing a naked candle with him. ' Move the sherry,' he muttered. Ye;, I'll move some of it, and let Sabotson do what he likes afterwards. One thing is certain, he can't do without me, and I think 4I may have a good drink at his expense for once in a way.' The cellar was in a disordered state with packing cases tumbled here and there and straw strewn about, for only few days. before the doctor had ordered and received a fresh supply of wine for. the.cellars. On one of the cases Crewel seated himself, planting the candle on another close beside him. Then he selected a bottle of sherry, and having dexterously knocked off the neck with his pocket-knife lihe began to drink Despising the use of a glass he tilted up the bottle, and regardless of the sharp edges of the -broken part drank half the contents at a draught. ' That's good,' he said; ' there's worse tipple than sherry. I'll finish you in a minute:and then try what the port is like.' IHe had just finished the first bottle when lady. Friarly and Pearl left thehouse quietly ,by. the. front door,_ and having gained:the drawbridge closed the gates. 'The key- is here,' said Lady Friarly. ' and' I think we ought to make sure that we are not followed.' So she lockedithe gates and tossed the key: into the moat, unsuspicious of the terrible event to'tollow. Then she struck into the familiar road leading to the station, ' Where will you go to?' Pearl asked, 'Straight to London. We are not safe a moment here.' They, reached the station and found that they had an hour to wait, and a very trying hour it proved to be, Lady Friarly -who wore a veil to hide her face.from the station-master, who might possibly re member her features-kept a close watch upon the marsh for anything indicative of pursuit; but niothing was seen until the train was due, when a aman came running towards the station. ' He is only one,' said Lady Friarly, betiveen her closed teeth. ' Pearl, do you think you could fight for liberty ?' I would do anything rather than go back to that awful place,' Pearl answered. ' Then if this should be Crewel do not give in to him. Help me with all your heart and strength. I feel like a tigress to-day, and could tear him to pieces. Are you not shocked.?' ' No. You -have so much wrong to bear that it is a wonder you are not mad.' 'A truly mad woman mustbe dangerous.' The train was now signalled, and the man drawing nearer Lady Friarly pre. pared for resistance and coolly tied a stone round smooth in her handkerchief. ' I have heard,' she said, ' that this is a good weapon, when well used. I read once that.if you strike a man on the back of the head with it he becomes insensible. Stay here a moment and I will stop Mr. Crewel outside. If I'am not back when the train airives go on without me.' - Pearl trembled as the daring woman left her alone, and waited with the keenest anxiety for her return. The- small wooden shelter' erected 'for the use of passengers hid her from view, and Pearl could not tell what was going on, The train came puffing and snorting ii and drew :up. With a vast amount of scrdeching by the platform. The guard jumped'out;and nodded to the station master, but no passengers alighted, ' Anybody.going on?' he asked. 'Two ladies; they've taken tickets,' the station-master replied; 'but I only see one of them. Now, ma'am, take your seat.' 'I-I.don't think I am going. IMy friend will be here in a minute.' At 'that, instant Lady Friarly with a light step returned:to the platform and signalled to Pearl: to. enter the carriage. The guard gave them a compartment to themselves and the train moved on. * False alarm,' said Lady Friarly. 'The man came from the Dumbedikes with some telegraphic message for town. I asked 'hiin his business and with rural simplicity bes" stated it frankly. Heow dark it grows ! it will be night before we reach' town.;; but--once there I will find friends to protect us both.' ' Tihe line ran so that for a long time the land round abotit Gaunt. House Rua ikept;in view,'and presently the fire that was :s o awful; 'for 'Tommy Dray to look upon woas seen by Lady Friarly but she:dido nof understand its full signiicaece, '::The 'gipsies 'have returned to the marshes, she saiid; and are going to ha'. a merry night." ' . . So they rodoe. on and passed aey from the fiery tomb of Crewel, the keeper, ivho 'hhad druhk himself himself into a .ad state,. and while dancing about hal upset, the candle. fpon the straw. ' He saw it' fall,:and regarded it w'li a. drunklei smile as the little flame ignitel the,nstrawa?and 'thi work of destructioe began,. Thbere was something humoroca in the spectacle, discernible only to tho?:e wh6o :are filled with strong drink, S.' Hhve a .good light now,' he mautterd and rolled on towards tile bia for another bottle-of'port, .IHe was a strong man and had already taken.enoaigh to send half a dozen ypeop iato-a state of insensibility, and ihe had drunk his 'last bottle of wsine, for ere he could get hold.uf another lthere came o rtishinig,?.nd'a roaring and he found hie. self wrapped -round and about with dnlm. The shock was terrific, and in a moment he was sober. Thepowess of drink er:e dispelled, and from a drunken, simnpein:, fool he suddenly changed to a terrield man fighting for his life, \- Ie knew hlis one chance vas to ,i.t bis way through the flames and escepy: b the staircase, but in hIis bhevildermeot he could not remember where the staircae lay. Plunging in one direction he fouod himself blundering over a heap of rubbieh the flames following him and laying hald of all that was inflimmable. He felt hit hair singe away, his skinI crackle with th: heat, and his clothes were on fire. S.ch torture as could not be conceived rilho't experience was hIis, aind like somer' agsniset beast lie bellowed andl roarel and d shi this way and that and he fell mo.ningi sd groaning until thle fthisas and smoke kald ended his wretched lif., Elre log notlehic; remained of hims but a few charred a?rbS and some calcined bones. rolr tsrlpt'r, at tOh /lt?I:eolw p?y fl) 'ilntssg (itue, ,Aultoae.etr.., moallib 