Speculations on Humanity. [Br H.-XXIII.] While it would seem that far too great an antiquity has been accorded to certain phases and conditions of the human race in the past, there are some arts and sciences, claimed by the moderns as new dis- coveries, which are in fact, so to speak, as old as the hills. I allude more particularly to those psychical phenomena now attracting so much attention in the civilised world, namely spiritualism, clairvoyance, hypnotism, etc ; for, what is spiritualism but necro- mancy, or consulting the spirits of the dead under another name ? hypnotism is but a phase of that art of divination, through the exercise of which the piiests of old held the people in subjection, and compelled them to yield a superstitious obedience ? The priests of Iris, five thousand years ago, and the' priests of Delphi, two thousand years later, were no doubt expert hypnotists, and with the aid of their subordinates, the magicians, sorcerers, and witches, lorded it over the people and ruled and fooled them to their hearts' content. Judging from theactsof the spirits that modern necromancers have succeeded in raising, we can only come to the conclu sion that they are the spirits of lunatics escaped from asylums in the lower world for the purpose of preparing their patrons for a like mode of existence in the world to come : the puerile and absurd acts they spend their time in performing ere so very childish and meaningless that no sensible ghost would have anything to say to them. The Mosaic penal code alone among the natives of the world denounced these "curious arts" and strictly pro- hibited their practice. No particu'ar reason was given at the time for the denunciation. But modern science has vindicated the wisdom of the law, quite apart from its religious aspect, and has shown that this stern prohibition by the Jewish legislator was justified in virtue of the misery that indulgence in these "arts" produces, not only on the body but on the mind a fact to which the unfortunate inmates of lunatic asylums in this world bear eloquent witness. The effect of this indulgence on the mind is in fact much the same as the indulgence of the opium habit on the body ; it causes atrophy of its powers, and brings on premature decay. As the pursuit of these " arts" seem to possess a peculiar fascination for some minds, unacquainted with the risks they run in following them out, it would seem to be the duty of the Legislature to interfere and to make the exercises of these " curious" arts penal to the irresponsible operator ; for, while it is only right that skilled and trained scientists should investigate the nature and action of these phenomena, just &a; it is their duty to examine into the nature and action of deadly poisons, it cannot be for the wel- fare of the State that self-constituted and irrespon- sible experts should be allowed to inflict grievous wrong on their deluded victims. Referring again to a fact mentioned in a former letter, namely that human remains have b^en found mixed up with the remains of extinct animals destroyed by the deluge, while the discovery provea that man was contem- poraneous with the mammoth, the exceeding paucity of these remains compared with those of other animals, whose bones were certainly not more durable than those of man, is very remarkable. So small indeed is the number yet discovered that it is difficult to see how the race could have continued to propagate itself. While the bones of other animals may be numbered by hundreds of thousands, the bones of mon can scarcely be counted by hundreds. It is not at all probable that human beings escaped from a catastrophe that overwhelmed all other ani- mals with sudden and complete destruction ; for, if they could have escaped by ascending to heights not reached by the flood, the cave bears, tigers, etc., could have done the same. Their habitats being caves, which must necessarily have been in the sides of mountains or hills, and there would certainly havo been no lack of food for them in the drowned carcases floating about on the surface of the water. Perhaps the paucity of human remains may be accounted for in this way. In most of the traditional legends of the flood the cause assigned for the catastrophe was the increasing imp'ety of mankind. The Mosaic account is a little more ex- plicit ; it says " the earth was filled with violence." May not this violence have been of the same nature as that which proved for so many ages after the flood tho great curse of the ancient world, viz., the tyranny of the strong over the weak-in other words the institution of slavery ? There could be no greater insult offered to the Creator than that of degrading His creatures, made in His own image, below the level of the brute, reducing, as far lay in their power, the intellectual gifts of their fellow creatures to the mere instinct of the animal ; and may not the few human bones found in the caves be the remains of bands of fugitives, who had sought out and made new homes for themselves far away from the centres of population, as they un- doubtedly did in after years ? With regard to the multitude of "celts" found scattered throughout the world, and whose number and geological positions have boen relied on as proofs of great antiquity, it seems to me that these proofs arp hardly sufficiently established to be reliable. As to the large number of these "celts," the brittleness of the material would in a great measure account for it ; stone spear or arrow heads on coming in forcible contact with any hard substance would be so damaged that it would be easier to make a new one than to repair the old. We know that the gunflint exports of bygone years conld chip out avery large number in the course of a few hours, and as among savages the probability is that every man was his own armourer, we can imagine that the number of stone imple ments that three or four thousand savages would work up in the course of a lifetime would be very great. Nor can the position in which some of these "celts" arefoundbooonsideredasconclusiveproofs of a hoary antiquity. The constant local changes that the " skin of the earth" is, and has been, under- going are so varied and uncertain in their charac- ter that it would seem impossible to assign even a proximate date to many of the occurrences. On the alluvial plains of the interior the huge cracks, or rather chasms, that open out in the soil during a prolonged drought, d»wn which the waters of an ensuing flood literally roar for daya before they close, would take in and distributo at different depths whole tons of " celts" if they were available, and the same phenomena occur in cold countries from the action of the fro3t. Landslips are con- stantly occurring throughout the world, where acres of land loosened by exceptionally heavy rains slide down the hillside and bury whatever they may eome in contact with fathoms deep ; in the course of a few centuries nature heals the sear, and mantles it over with verdHre, and then who is to tell at what time the catastrophe occurred. As to the gravel deposits, who can say when the burst- ing of the waterspout of the natural or artificial dam, or the falling of the avalanche, eventuated any particular deposit ? Then again, the sudden or gradual change in the beds of streams and rivera on the surface of the earth and the effects of volcanic action from beneath have all to bo taken into con- sideration. (To be concluded.) 