THE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HAS SEEN. In his weekly letter, Mr. Walter U. snat has the following:—'“ A very good ghost story one of a churchyard ami a phantom funeral — has been printed in the I.ir.-,-pr-rJ J'ns.\ and copied iu the Pull Midi where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first 1 figure’ 1 ever saw was about t> o’clock on an eveuing in Sepicmbnr. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too dark for mo to see aav longer, and I knocked oil; as I turned fmm the window I became aware that a female figure was in the room: it made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living a? a bachelor in chamters, and my outer door was closed, so that nobody could bo in the room except myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it—a village built round the quad* rangleof what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the buildings; part of the wall: the quiet village enclosed by the^ old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish church; there were only two or three hundred people living here ; outside ran and babbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. All ronud stretched the moor. At the iuu, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about the past; the place was filled with echo.'s of the post; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had beeu seen in the bedroom*. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England in there a more wonderful place. I drove back and spent the evening alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 o’clock went off to bed. My room waa I a very old room, and the inn itself waa at least 300 years old. All this in in troduction in order to show you why the I thing that I saw took the shape that it ! did. For in the middle of tho night l woke i suddenly and sat up startled. I found the I room perfectly light; tho door, which I had I locked, flow open, and there walked iu three j ladies, drcRseum the Queen Anne costume, with ! tho pretty old stiiF cardboard oraameut of tha head and everything. Never before had I j understood how beautiful was tl»o Queou Anno 1 dress. The ladies Hitting down on chairs round : tho fire (which waa now burning merrily) 1 began to talk, but I know not what they 1 said. Suddenly—it shames me to confer the tbiug—I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back tho curtaius, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to mv viritow; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of tho room; the fire slowly burned low : tho figures slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were thoy "Well. j ou ?co that I have seen things. Hut I have hoard nothing. No com munication has ever been ninth* to me from the other world at nil. except by tho spirit Kntit\ and she only talked rubbish through a medium, and I hail to pay a pound for it” 