jGhost Story up to Date. \----+- Ettraordinary Experience near :..A ,; .Liverpool, ':, , ':. tHAvinG been concerned in a most remiarlkable and altogetherinexplicable adventuro. the other evening, .which happened to me in Thomas Lane, K-nott: Ash, I have been induced at the e oarnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the follow ing particulars of. the same to the Liverpool public as being of more than ordinary interest.' &o; writes a correspondent of the Ziverpool Post : "I was prodeeding leisurely on foot to Broadgrcen (ho proceeds), when, on passing the church at Knotty Ash, my ettention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards.. The time would then be shortiy after midnight. The whole burying.ground seemed alive and glistening with a thousand small blueish lights, which appeared to creep in and out of the different graves, ' as - if the doparted spirits were takidig a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, not knowing whit' to make of it, at the same time eepcriencing a feeling of:'horro'r Which suddenly took com plets possession of me. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto beeri more or less obscured by a moving panorama of passing' clouds, came, as it would seem, to my assist ance, giving me for a very short time the benefit of her companionship. And now appeared the most startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair to stand on end with fright, a cold numbness of horror, paralysiag me in every limb -for advancing up the road, directly opposite to me, came a funeral train, the coffin borne along w·ith. measured tread, covered with an im nmense black pall, which fluttereduip Win the mhidnight wind. ' L." "At first I thought I must surely be dreaming, and therefore pinched my self in the arm to ascertain: if this were really the case. But no? 'I:cei tainly was not, for I distinctly felt the nip, and was therefore satisfied as to my walkefulness. ' What could i~'all mean?' I asked myself as the cor t6gb gradually approached me, 'and I began to distinguish the general out lines df the bearers. These appeared to be elderly men, and to have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in the:costume of the latter part of the eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some had swords, as well as walking- sticks mounted with deaths' heads. I observed only one really young man among the 'crowd of followers, Walk ing just behind the coffin:. Hisyouth, in'comparison with the others, 'per haps made me take especial notice of hini." He.:''as .dressed in what ap peared to 'le black velvet; the white ness of his :riffles' standing .ixt ii : marked contrast td the' so'nbre :natured of his general''attire. He caried a sword, ~liad diamond"bibuckles 'in his shoes; and ' wore his: powdered hair' in a queue. ' The face of'this yoj·ung man was deathly pale, asewere also the faces of all the sthers accompany ing him. ' Instead of the processioin advancing to the gate at -which I utood, it turned 'suddenly and entered the burial ground l b' the one situated at a few .yards' distance. As she coffin '. was 'borne through this gate," 'all the 'blue spirit lights seemed -to rise from the graves as if to meet the cortogo for the purtose of escorting the body to its last resting.phice. These awful lights added considerably to the ghastliness of thei'scefie as they floated over the coffin' tai'd' heads of the mourners. Slowly thoe procession glided up the pathway, passing the main entrandoe of the church, and, continuing its way: in a straight line; finally disappearedl at the back of the"edifice. TWheree this most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it, I canWnot tellj b?i this much I distinctly aver, thatFooffiu, nourners, and lights -even the pale flickering moonlight all disappeared as mysteriously as they :c'amo,'leaving me standing in the darkness, transfixed with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering together my s6minewhat' scattered senses, I took to my heelsand never stopped running till I found uiyself'safe in my own house, In fact, I scarcely remem ber how I'got nlime. 'After recov'erihg a little from the shock'I immediately aroused a feti1ailb. rolaiv6 Twho had retired for'then'fii;t, andhlrlated to her th abo; i'A d" particulars. Slidh assuredi?`ir to"ta Ii'mtu?st have been sufferihg ::froi iept?ihl': liallucilation,, but, seeinig the grebat'' pe?r?ir?lation of my mind,andiidat tli;esanim time' knlwi ong my niiatuEil'sceptic ism 'ith reard to all sdochll?ed sugpernatural.phone menan, sheaameto he concluhsizoni that, after all,: I:might possibly have seen what'lias been described above'. , ' Toeindext 'daj I made inquitibs: at the neighlbi~oirhood of Ktuotty.Ash, arid ascertained from a very ocld woman that she rememiibered a story in' her youth having refereince to the mysteri ous audiii udden dea8hi of an old occu pant of Thingwall Hall, who ,was hastily~ i aii ' luietly""buri'ed; 'she thoulit? ',t T;6dnight, in old KXAotty Ash chiuichyad "'If so, was this a ghast ly reetitidn of the event got up for my s~enial lbendfit, or ws it a .per -tenrni.itendd'tforeghadcsw'thomaceiuirg of the 'readi sitotoro myself? l ow, asIhfbefore sadteldI animobeliever in glihst. 'but. certainly th~is very remarkablei experibnce of mine has entir.ely' upset all my previously conceiviied 'iotions of 'the 'subject, leaving i'ifm ii • quanidary of doubt. On the evefni' upoi' which I saw the mysteSriliis miidnl g ht funeral at Kflotty Ash, I'iiwi. .xceedingly wide awalke had met' several 'oyclists on the Pres cott-road, with whom I conversed,' and had likewise refreshed myself at the pibli~driinking fountain plidced at the top of Thomas-lano. Strange th~a~ ?few ; h iuredyarda furitherI down.the.eoad I..should encounter-so ghostly an experience-an experience l?shall never forg~t to my dying dnil.'l 