AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA, &C;, It would bo difficult to define in what category of stago representations tho County Fair, pro duced on Saturday night at tho Opera House, should bo plaoed. It certainly is not a comedy pure and Bimple. Most of tho peculiarities of the melodrama aro carefully cBchowed. It is not a soolcty play, nor yet oven approximately sensational. It is decidedly neither historical nor tragical. According to the classification laid down by Polonius, it might be host dosoribed as pastoral-comical, but this might imply the intro duction of shepherds and shephordessos in clnssie habiliments and with tho inevitable pan- dcan pipe. Strcphon and Chloe have, howovcr, disappeared with the goldon ago of innocence, ns woll ns nil tho woodland nymphs nnd " tho graceful spirit people, childron of the enrth nnd son," who, in days now dim and olden, disported in sequestered glades, the fields and meadows, and rendered romantio a pursuit that is now prosaic indeed. The County Fair is snpposcd to represent lifo in one of tho agricul tural distriots of Now England, so that if wo wcro required to explain tho olass of play to which it belongs, wo would he justified in assigning it the rank of a modern bucolic. Tlio picco is at times amusing, if not intorcstiug, nnd it may bo said of tho author, Mr. Burgess, that ho is probably to bo complimented more upon his fidelity to nature than upon his powers of imagination. No American drama like it has yet been produced in Melbourne. Most of those from tho Pnciilo Slope, or even from the Eastern States, have been sheer rubbish, and might justly be oondemned off hand. Not so with the County Fair. It has tho morit of being likely to improvo with acquaintance. At present some mombors of the cast do not appear to understand the business. : "Were all the characters taken by AmorionnB in- stead of by a mixed — much mixed— company,1 the result might havo been otherwise; but what can bo expeoted whore ono lady goes in for tho pure and unadulterated Yankeo vernsoular, and. another attempts a compromise botweon Topsy and an Irish soullery maid, produeing what may bo designated a " confusion of tongues?" From a dramatic point of view tho pieoo laoks sub stantiality, incident, and that just counter poise of- interest that gives consistency and tho semblance of artistic excellence. The plot is so flimsy, or at loast It is so overlaid with commonplace dialogue, that it is difficult to follow. The central idea is not doveloped till theelosc, and tho inoidont or situation is thus viewed per te rathor than in relation to what goes before, which is a defect entirely opposed to tlio accepted rules of the histrionic art. Tho delineation of character is notinoisive, most of thoso introduced reminding ono of old friends with altored names and facos. At tho Bame time, tho County Fair is oreditably staged, sovcral of the scenes are pleasing and okarao- teristio, notably in the third not, whoro tho farm hands aro represented cam husking, and, as on Southern plantations before the war, indulging in songs and dances In tho intervals of work. Tho raoe in tho last aot, bowovor, may be con- sidered . as the piicc de resistance. By un in genious arrangement of mechanism four horses are mado apparently to gallop up tlio straight at the racoooursc, wliila the audience nro sup posed to ocaupy seats on the grand stand facing tho judge's box. On tho horses rush, the ground, as tho saying is, disappearing from under thorn, while the fauces, troos and similar objeets beyond seem to be rolling by as they are boing rapidly passed by the animals in full eareer, the viotor winning by just a nose. Wo explain elsewhere by illustration and description how this illusion is wrought. . It is suffioiont hero to say that it is worked out very realistically, and elioits nightly the applause of the audience. Apart from this oulmination of interest, objection may be taken that tho gcnoral tono of the drama is monotonous. Miss Abigail Fruc, (Miss Sadie Stringham) monopolises the business to an unoonsoionablo degree. She iBsoldomofif the stage during the ontiro play, and air the time her tongue is going like a bellows in full blast. She Is a benevo lent creature, who is never so linppy as when 'doing kind aets for those around or dependent upon her; yot she is made to figure in some strange gymnastics, suoh as falling down stairo in her night attire, which scarcoly comport with her dignity of character. Farther,- unlesB for purposes of burlcsquo, it seems the hoight of absurdity to sup pose that she could taka more than an evangclistio concern in tho welfare of old Otis Tuokcr. Tho lattor (Mr, Currier) is supposed to he a ricketty sexngensrinn, with a shambling gait, dull of intellect andslow of speeoh, and yet ho is supposed in his antique way to be making lovo to Miss Abigail. Thoro is also a Deacon Hammerhead introduced. He is a vory important local functionary, aud holds a mort gage over tho farm of the good lady, on the strength of whioh ho ondeavors to cecree her into marrying him. Miss Abigail indignantly rejeots his suit for tho reason that her matured nffeotionB aro engaged to that aneient work of art, Mr. Otis Tucker. Then thoro isTaggs.a waif sent down from Now York as a trust worthy serviceable hand. She turns out, how ever, to be quite the contrary. She is a liar and a thief by nature, and apparently no amount of moral suasion or legal ponalty osn make her otherwise. The part is takon by Miss Jenny Lee, nnd in it sho plays as usual to tho gallery. Tho business is tnkon for tho groater part, as well ns the character, from Uncle Tom's Cabin. Tho moio wo see of this Indy in suoh parts, tho more wo think she is taking an ill ndviscd departure. Had Miss Jenny Leo been content to develop her powers in suoli oharaotcro ns Dickens's Jo, her dramatio repu tation would have gono down to postority. By not having done so, alio may possibly outlive her popularity. Mr. G. I'. Cnroy, us Dcocon Ham merhead, givoB an excellent account of himself, aud proveB the truth of our estimate of his eapnoity as an aotor. Tho minor characters do not afford muoh scope for commoat, Ruy Bins at thoPrinooss's Theatre has oxcecilod anticipation as rogards its nrtistio and monotnry succobs. Prior to tho commencement of tho season there were many prepared with doubts on this point. It was argued that when the Gaiety Company were in Melbourne previously the land boom was at its height, money wns plentiful nnd pooplo proportionately willing to spend it. The prcsont winter is quite tho op posite—business stagnant, many out of employ ment, littlo spare cash and no disposition to throw away means upon mero onjoymont. Yot all these vaticinations havo proved erroneous. Mr. . Leslio and Miss Farrcn aro as attractive as ever. Tho houses are filled nightly, seats havo to be engaged six nights in advance and the exchequer records arc highly satifaotory. This gratifying result is attributable not alone to the abilities of the principals and tho excellence of the entortain- mont, but to tho completeness and magaifiacnce of tho miic en seine, which has not been sur- pusaeu m wuiuurauia uy any ini'Luru zor yoars. Tho staging of Ruy Bias is a lesson to mnnogors generally, some of whom laok tho taste no less than tho spirit of enterprise to do justioo in this particular to the pieces whioh they produae. , . Messrs. Brough aud Bouoicault find that tho publio appreciate the rovivals whioh they aro now giving at tho Bijou. Sophia is announoed for this ovomng. This was one ot the greatest suc cesses achiovcd by tho company previously, and with an augmonted company the result should be no less reassuring. Mr. Dumpier has been playing an edition of His Natural Lifo during tlio week at the Alex andra with considerable sucoess. Despite the floods and tho consequent depres sion the musio halls, especially the Viotoria, under the management of Sir. . BiUin, have suffered no diminution in the public patronage usually accorded them. Tho Gaiety entortain- mont is as attractive as evor. At the Waxworks also, the business has been livoly. Miss Fitzroy has varied hor programme, and has rendered her entertainment moro diver sified and, if possible, more attractive. A benefit performance is to be given on Thurs day noxt on behalf of Mr. G. R Iroland at the Opera Houso, which has been plaacd at the dis posal of the committee by Messrs. Maomahon. Few old stage identities deserve moro at tho hands of playgoers than tho bdnificiairc in this instance, and having regard to tho variety and oxccllenco of the programme, no less than the object of tho performance we have no hesi-- tation in predicting a splendid houso and most enjoyable entertainment. It is stated that Mr. Garuer has relinquished his managerial connection with Mr. J. C. Williamson, by "whom alone the Princess's Theatre will now be earried on. Tho Theatro Royal re-opens next Saturday night with a now oompany and a now piece. Mr. Amory Sullivan's recent mission to London in search of novelties has, it is stated, been vory successful, and the company he has -engaged will, it is assorted, become favorites with the publio in very little time. . Bland Holt has oonoludcd his season at Ade laide, and will, it isoxpeoted, open shortly in Melbourne. Miss Bishop is still his leading lady. . The management of tho Bijou propose to give a spcoinl performance for the sufferorB by tho latoflood. An entertainment for tho boncfib of tho families' of the seamen lost in the steamer Taramung was glvon in the Melbourno Town Hall on "Wednesday before afairly large audience. Tho programme was contributed to by several woll known vocalists and others, and tho enter tainment on the whole was excellent, though somewhat too prolonged. Tho best vocal Items wore thoso of Miss Josephiuo O'Brien and Miss Randell. Tho instrumental musio inoludcd a bracketed pianoforto number by Miss Alice Sydney Burvett and a violin solo by Miss Lilian Kerr. The lattor, who played a fantasia by Beriot, was warmly reoallcd. An interesting featuro of the entertainment con sisted in a serios of records on ono of Edison's phonographs, undor the management of Messrs. MaoMahon Bros., and worked by Professor Archibald. Our London correspondent writes :— Mr. Edouin and Miss Atherton, who has recovered from licr long illness, havo appoarod at tho Strand in a new farcical comedy, adapted from tho Gorman of Von Morot. The story is of the sketchiest description, but Edouin, as an old commodore, who lives in a houso whioh ho has made to look oxaetly liko tho cabin of a ship, and Miss Atherton as a fast widow of rank, keep tho audieneo in a roar for a eauple of hourB. A clover skit on Ibson, entitlod Ibsen's Ghost or Toole up to Date, has beeu produced at Toole's. It commences with a continuation of Hodda Gablcr. Goorgo Tosman, after tho suioidoof his wife, has married Thea, whose lovor, Lovborg, had also shufiled off the mortal eoil. Sho is as feeble and rabbit liko as for merly, and Teaman's trick of saying "Just fanoy " has grown on him. Thea lias developed a mania for kissing everybody, 'and she cannot keep hor littlo habit from her husband. "Judge Braok kissed mo yesterday," she tells hor hus band with an inane smile. Her grandfather eomos on a visit, and it turns out that tho kissing mania is hereditary, and arises from the old gentleman having kissed one of his wife's bridesmaid's. Thea persuades him to put viuo leaves in his hair and Bhoot himself, but meantime lie has turned iuto Ibsen himself, and Thea has been transformed into Hcdda Gablor. At last the grandfather, his wifo aud Thea all commit suicide, tho only remark of Tcsmnn boing when ho sees the tliroo eorpses, "Fancy that!" Toolo as Ibson is droll in tho extreme, and in no pait more so than when lie tries to express himself in dumb show, (I Li Enfant Prodiguo, and MlssVan- brugh was very tunny in hor pnrody of tho two Ibsen heroines. Mr. Robert Buohanan has written anothor skit on Ibsen, whieli he calls Tho Gifted Lady. The horoino, Bodolia Dangleton, is tho wifo of a dramatio author, and herself the writer of oomio plays. She is emancipated, and is surrounded by ser vants and friends who are in the Bame mental condition. Sho is attraotcd by the genius of a fantastia poet, Algernon "Wormwood, who haunts tho house,- accompanied by his two friends, Vitus Danco, tho oritio of the future, and Vergris, a fin de . lilcle French poet. There is anothor emancipated woman, Mrs. Felicia Strangways, who has. desortcd her seven 'ohildren, inoluding a -recent pair of twins, to follow the absurd poet — twins boing so- conventional. "Wormwood's dramas aro rojeoted, and.it is understood .that they'becomo masterpieces by the world's rejec tion. Finally Dangleton becomes himself an Ilisenito, whereupon his wife perceives her folly, bcoomes unomancipated, and dismisses Worm wood, who goes book to tho drapery business, which he had originally followed To persons who havo seen A Dell's House, Hedda Gabler and Tho Woman From tho Sea, the picco is very amusing, but I am afraid it will be caviare to the general. The effectsaro not so broad and intol- igible as is the caso with Toole's parody. 