A Fable for Young Writers. -4-- WIT, . HUMOUR, AND PUBLIC OPINION. WIT and Humour once had a quarrel "I," said Wit, "am the lightning of the mind that clears the mental atmosphere from the heaviness of literary stupidity." "And I," said Humour, "am the genial shower that refreshes the arid plains of literary commonplaceness." "I," said Wit, "puncture the follies of mankind with the keen arrow of ridicule. In this way I make men absurd to their fellows. They dread their neighbours' laughter, and growing ashamed of their foibles they cast them aside. I it was to whom Solomon referred as the friend when he said,' Faithful are the wounds of a friend, but the kisses of an enemy, are deceitful." - " But," answered the more gentle Humour, "may not a friend kiss as well as an enemy ? . Must a friend always wound to be faithful? 'Tis true you have corrected many a folly of mankind, but have not I also? In your path lie kindliness, stabbed by. your scornful words; self-esteem, dragged from its rightful throne by brutal caricature, your slave; good nature, stung to the quick by your jibes as its 'stupidity.' " " And you," replied Wit, the proud -"are there no ghosts in your •house? Have not men - your disciples-betrayed the secrets of each other's domestic altars in the name of ' Humour ?' Have not men - your disciples- -stolen my sharpest arrows, blunted them against the mill-stone of verbosity, and, shooting them from their ' amus ing' bow instead of my ' instructive' one, to which they rightfully belonged, sent them abroad as their own? You make men laugh, you say, and that men can enjoy your companionship' longer than they can mine, and come away refreshed from the fount of fun. Give me the quick, appreciative smile of the cultivated man rather than the loud, and often senseless, laugh of the uncultured boor." At .this moment Public Opinion WEALTHY SQUATTER.-" Young man, I'v- decided that it's about time for me to put a check to ybur aspirations toward the hand of my daughtcr. YoUNG FLY-A- WAY.--" Oh, thank you, sir; but wouldn't it be ,better to wait till after we're married, then the cheque could come as. a wedding present, It would save my feelings a good deal." appeared, and Wit and Humour each appealed to her to settle the dispute. "Alas!" said she, "by what dire mishap did I happen on the scene at this moment ?" "Ah ! " spoke up Wit, the quick, "that word mishap. It was originally a compound from misery and happiness, signifying something between the two. As you are to decide between us, and can only decide in favour of me- of one of us-you are a living illustration of its meaning." Humour was laughing heartily, and said, " That gives me some good ideas. I can have a first-rate article in answer to your question in an hour or two, when you are ready to decide." Public Opinion clapped her hands in delight at these two characteristic replies. "You shall have my answer at once, and it shall be both for and against each of you. You,' Humour, in this present day of many followers-some of whom do, indeed, follow so far away as to be unrecognizable --you, Humour, are too often laboured and heavy, and the work done in your service is too apparent. Teach your would-be disciples that 'the greatest of all arts is to conceal art,' and quicken your jests by the methods of Wit. A smile from the mind is better than a laugh from the mouth. "And to you, Wit, whose true dis ciples are daily decreasing, to you I would say, be not so arrogant in your pride of past memories. The days of Hook and Hood are no more, and that which was spontaneity in their work is to apt too be imitativeness in the work of your present followers. And the sharpness of an old arrow pointed anew is lest pleasing to the sight and more wounding when 'tis used. Blend the wider-reaching system of Humour with your own acuteness. Follow my advice, both of you, and each will be the gainer thereby." And as Public Opinion left them around and about a multitude of newspaper readers cried out aloud: "Yea, verily; let thy touch be lighter, oh Humour, in the alleged humorous articles, and let not thy arrows sting so sharply, oh, Wit, in the political satires."--AisTn E Ax DERSON. 