THE MERCURY. HOBART: SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1891 EPITOME OF NEWS. Pigeon match at Rokeby to-day. Candidates for City electorates nominated yesterday. . , My Sweetheart at tho Thoatro Royal a good success last night. ) Palace Skating Rink open to-night' for general skating. \-- Marian Willis Dramatic Company opens at New Norfolk to-night. .Prize poem " Tasmania" published in Tax manion Mail to-day. Maatsuyker Lighthouse to bo illuminated on 1st Juno proximo. Sacred concert Qby Railway Band, Laus downo-crescent, to-morrow. Bothwell pouy races ycstorday a success. Fine weathur. Good attendance. ' Regulations as to light duos received at- tention of Marino Board yesterday. .Eight aspirants for legislativo honours in Launceston, including the old mombors. ' Mr. Fenton, candidate for Wellington} opposes railway proposals of tho Ministry.' Handicaps for Richmond Annivoraary Sports, to bo bold ou 25th mat-, appear in this issue. I ' Hobart Criminal Sittings on Tuesday next. Football match, Holebrook v. It iii «-»j, thin afternoon. Mr. N. E. Lowis publishes letter of thanks to Richmond doctors for roturning him without opposition. Launceston Commissioner has decided that blacksmiths' hollows and anvil aro fixtures,' and not tools of trade. Mrs. A. J. Ogilvy, of Inverquharity, near Richmond, cruelly murdered near her resi- deuce on Thursday last. Inquest to- day. Arthur Cooley, charged with indecent assault at Brighton, and out on bail at the time of the Richmond tragedy, has been arrested for the murder of Mrs. Ogilvy. First locomotive on Sorell railway was got under steam yostorday at Pittwater viaduct Second expected to be at work on line within a fortnight. Martial law proclaimed in Corfu. Loudon tin quotation £92 15a cash. , Broken Hill Consols have gone up 9a. ? Victorian lilla team has boen welcomed in England. j '.An impending crisis jti London money market feared. Baltimoro lady named Dunkin battoi-od to death by hur husband. Mun auppoaod to bo voritublu Jack the Ripper convicted by Now York jury. I .'Uunii, .Shrewsbury, and Attewull- decline to .visit Australia o > a cricketing tour. < Trial of Colston, tho Narbethong mui'doverj, postponed until his sanity has bean tested. . .Defalcations of Bogg, lato accountant for Melbourne Storage Company; now stated at .£11,000. Agoiits-Geuornl, excopting for Queensland and South Australia, attend Vienna Postal Confeioiicc. ' J Anglo- Poi tugúese ngroomont for sattlomont of African disputo Ima been signed ' by both conti acting pamos. | Moilun i'/ioiirfi botwaon England ana Portugal with íegard to South Africa ex- tended for a month. ' ' j Victorian Govorninont Bonding to England 'an '?export to study method* of . making briquettes from brown coal. t ' , ¡ Tasmanian apples c.v Arcadia averagod in London, for ribstono pippin«, 11s. (id., and' scarlot pool-mains ¿Us. pur case. . .. j 'Chinese rioters at Wuhu, besides destroy- ing Catholic mission, destroyed Consulate and Custom-house, und wounded" Bi-itis!i( consul. - - | WHAT ' is called'tho seamy side| af Australia is receiving a great' ' deni1 of ttfcteution ,in England, appaioutly -to the greatsatisfactiou ofa number olpei sou's,' from whom the expression o!f other sentiments might have been expected. The turning inside out business ""seems to have been "begun by Mr. - CHARLES FAIRFIELD in au 'essay on "State Socialism in tho Antipodes," which has been followed by an article by the Hon. J. W. FOR- TESCUE, who has considerably botterod the instruction which he received from the previous writer. Mr. F/IRFIELD'S objections to State Socialism, as it is ' calleando not * affect us much, and with a great deal of wJiat he saj s wo are disposed to agree, for there is agravedangei in the way ni which the public funds aie fiequently used for what nie practically bribes to the working clashes Mr. FORTESCUE, who- ever he may be,does seem to require to be answered, or rather, ive should say, the facts require to be put side by side with his fictions, so that the British reader may have the means of forming a judgment for himself. Nothing is more easy than to point' out numerous evils in these colonios.or, for that matter, in any part of the world. Nothing is easier than to assert that the working niau " flits from loan to loan," and that money is being borrowed to set a lot of people to work. It is natural, too, as well as eiiby, to deduce Iroin the cry of " Nationalism," and the many foolish tilings that are said and written in the other oolonies, the con- clusion that the end will be repudia- tion, as separation must nieau tlüs iu regard to communities which have borrowed " up to their- eyes/' .-. By looking at one series of facts and by making those facts as bad as they well can be, all tho colonies may bo readily paintod as dark a hue as is.desirod,.but"we may pojut.out that this is neither a philosophical nor fair way of proceeding, but simplyHho. .method adopted by thosQ"wbQ_ desire to make out a case rather thau dis- cover and state the truth. Perhaps, however, the ronction h natural. So much has beeu said about the marvellous inches and progress of these colonies, so many tales havo been told of the leaps and bounds by which they havo accumulated wealthy that dissent is piovokcd, and some, folks are sure to be driven to pul ting the j other side, and making things appear less brilliant than they have boen usually supposed to( bo. We have not the least objection lo this, for we have once or twice done, something of the kind,(our solves, but we do object to English vviitcrs, and especially English corre- spondents of colonial papers.'assuraing that, one side of the question is the whole, lit «. is, indeed, sur- prising to seo how the sombré con- clusions aro' welcomed, just as if they wero 'pleasant if they were true, and to bo rejoiced at; rather than to bo deplored. "'But,4 as "á matter of fact they aro not true, ns anyone'canisee ntn glance who' Í9 familiar with1 the facts. ?'' 'It may bo admitted that in some of the colonies there'"has been a great deal of financial "recklessness. New Zealand has had her fling, Victoria' is having hers, whilst in most oi the colonies there has been too loose a jnbtliQd of'doling with' .loan moneys. .The recent doings "of Victoria lave, we think, given ri<>e< to inmost 1 of the present ttouble, for ' t>he ,was tho cynosure of' British eyes, which do not see many things at a time) Sho has been having a railway carnival, at which the local politicians danced merrily, and Bhe is buffering as a consequence. Instead of the profit which she used to show on her i ail ways she has for the last two years shown a'loss, and is, likely to Bhow ^ojie for some time to come. This,is, oi course, unsatisfactory to the British investor, and causes him to hesitate when a new 'loan ,for the colony is plíióedon the market. In New'South -Walcs,-as-our!- critics pomtLoû't,"lou» .lines have hecn, made 'which cannot pay i and it ia, even, now," proposed to make one" to Broken'Hill, in order to try and divert'the' trade fn>m,'Soutli Australia., All this may be admitied in its fullest force,'without any very| serions damage to the solvency,'of the colonies. It may also lae, ad- mitted that some of the borrowed' money has not boen spenç "jjn'repro-i duotive works at all, and, also," that it lias been used in a few instances to pay current expenses. We or-'othcrs, have said all this many times, but we have never seen cause to doubt the perfect solvency of thecolouies, or their entire honesty in the matter of their public debt. The ability t'i pay this does not depeud on the prout from their public-works, but on the power to bear taxation which year by year will grow in volume-as the population increases. Now, it ÍB estimated by Mr. HAYTER that in il901,~there will be in these colonies'"a population,, of nearly 6,000,000, and in J.921 over 11,000,000, whilst in 19«, thero will be over 23,000,000. These calculations are borne »out by the, recent Census. The Statistician of Ne»v South Wales has showA that the wealth of the eolonies'-has in- creased during the last 25 years by £G79,000,000, and is kno-va tD, be under the mark, and the iucrease certaiu'ygoes on to-day'as rnpidlyatj at an pievious period. These facts aud in jreuces show, beyond dispute, oui ability to pay all that we owe, and a great deal more, as in the future the 4pre«eut public-debt must sink into insignificance in comparison with our. wealth aud population. The other branch of Mr. FOUTESOUK'S indictment is, that we may repudiate, for that is what it 'amounts to. He calls attention to the National party in, Queensland and New South Wales! which, we must admit, does talk , very/strong tilings, and to the honour of 'whiúh it may ' not he i wise for loudcrs to (rust. Seeiug the doctrines now prevailing amongst working-men!, it is .but naUual that such a party should cause doubt and even alarm in the heart of the British financier,, though, after all, there may be only Isound and fury signifying 'nothing. The'iccent stake was conclusive,,to a i certain extent. All the foroesmof disorder4were allied on -that - ocj caáion, but they went do'wij rin ,a .single day as soon , as,,;the conservative streugth of the "colonies was',aroused. lu Queensland w^see something of the' same' kind at" the present time, for there order js steadily beating down disorder, which is hj>pb¡ lessly defeated. From all this we deduce the conclusion, which _ ia amply 'jvar ' ranted by experience, that whenever the question shall seriously arise as to the honourand the loyalty of these colonies, the conservative force will »)rove to be absolutely irresistible. There is no more chance of repudiation than of thp skies falling. The foam along the shore may be said to represent the National party, the ripple on the beach the one of repudiation, if there is one at all, but the deep ocean itself is the conservative force, moving with one steady and irresistible tide. The conservative, in the best sense of the word, power of these colonies is for honour in all financial matters, aud that power is tho one which rules, and will prevail whenever auy serious ques- tion arises. DICKENS in Pickwick gives an account of a soldier at Chatham, who having one eve- ning stabbed a btrmaiU with his bayon -t, went down in the handsomest manner the next moruing, and said that he wai piepured to lot bygones lu bygones Ministers are Uko thii soldier, Thoy are, iu the .hand so'iiOBt manner, pioparcd to let the past bo forgotten, indeed wo im\y siy that they long to hive it forgotten, and strange to say, most of the candidates ,*eem to bo in the same finnie of mind For, duriug the whole o'ectoral c\mpaign, few, if any, of the candidatos hiu-o asked ex- planations about various very shady, or worse than eli iay, appointments that, have boen made, whilst Ministers, we may bo suro, have preserved a most - solemn alienee. A cortespoudent, who says that ho is " THo Pundeier," whoso letter we pub- lish to-day, calls attention to these ap- pointments, asking, a, number of ques- tions which seem to require án' answer, and which Ministen should have been oiilkd upon to nnswor at thoir elco tion mootings It is not too late yet to Buok for ausucrs in South Hobart, where olootoia inny do a useful pi oo of work by loaming If Ministers have and if any what, rapltos to giio to th0 quonos Our coi respondent, being of an inquiring turn, does- not seem to have bud any fear of the Ministerial orushoi before his oyes, possibly hecate ho h is ulroady discovorod that its oflccls aio oiilj \ lsilile In tho speeches of Mmistars themselves, whoso paitiality for crushing luntuul of answ onng has now pnsBod into a piovorh. lïlootors of an inqutiing turn of mind may, wo think, vonturo to brtuu tho terrible woapon, wluoh Ministors ptoftsss» ofton that thoy' wio-ld, and keeping on asking until they got an unswoi Wo cm promiso thurn that thoy will liave to ask a great, many times, und with u great deal of poi-BO\oranco, nor ato v, o sure that they will get an answer after all Still it will lie interesting to seo how a Munster will deal with the sones of questions which " No Piuidoror " has propounded, and noto tho degree of crushing willoh is tho luult of i ho answers, that is if a querist is able to git au ausvtti. ' .*_ " Pr.vis G no un F. Hiüoi.f.siOM. " took rather a luiHruesB Uko Sicw of the boasted surplus with whioh Ministers aro trying to throw dust in the eyes of the eleutors, In lus m trod uo tory address asa candidate tor the lu Hi ages of the «lectors of West Hobart, ho said that he failed to sac where the handsome surplus uf £.15,000 Lame in, as .Ministers, according to their own showing, .had added ti the liurdens of the taxpayers byi£4.">,000. lhe point is u good on«, and ?hows that the candidato IB alive to the fact that so far as regards the ministerial surplus all iis not gold that is furbished up md made to glitter before the eyes of the electors. Besides, as tho same oaudulate pithily put it, lhere would have boen no surplus at all, but for the West ,Coast Ha coverlea, and because of thone ducot erics tliere'would'ha\e beena surplus no matter ,wh»^ Ministry was in power Of the truth of this theic eau be no doubt Had it cot been for the great and uuoxpectid returns lesultmgfrum these discoveries, Ministers would have been lu the position ujt- only of 'haUng burden d the ratepayeis to the tuno of £43,000 »ditional taxation, but would have had to face the electors with a deficiency greater than that which WBB left them1 by their' predecessors, .»ml about which tlioy made i such a melan- choly lamentation when they took office. Another reference in the speech touches upon the singular position of affairs duribg the present election. Mr. Hiddlestoue tindo hlmielf iu the position of not being able to -tell the elector« upon what side of tho House he will ait, becauso the Government has laid before " the country no pronounced .policy. The'àbsenco of any authcutio statement of ¡what Ministers intend to do, which it was the duty of the present holdora of office to 'make as responsible Ministers of the Crown, has narrowed the election down very much to question» of a provincial nature and per- sonal considerations, instead of the contest 'being fought out on questions of national moment. Although unwilling , or, unable to .propound ai policy, Mmistors are not slow to trim their sails to any popular wind that may happen to blow. In courte of the eleution campaign u suggestion was made by some of the candidates that a graving dock should be made at Hobart. This met with unanimous approval, and true to their in- stinct of keeping on tho popular side, Minis- ters have seized upon this idea.aud appro prutedit. A Cabinet meeting wouldappearto bavebeeii hastily summonedfortheappropria tiou of this popular morsel, as on Friday the Attorney-General announced to the electors of South Hobart that he had the authority of his colleagues for. stating that a sum of money would be placed on the estimates of nest session of Parliament to provide for its construction. Now it so happaus that the candidates who supported a graying dock did not advocate that the Government sdeuld forthwith rush blindly into thit speculation, but rather that information should be ob- tained as to its feasibility, and more parti- cularly as to whether the Australian squadron would dock''there, aud in the .rdiuary course of the busiucas-like conduct of officers it should follow that the mem- bers of a responsible Government, if they approve of tho proposal, should make due inquiry, und if »atisfied as to the practi- cability and feasibility of the project, place | the , necessary «um on the esti- mates, and ataud by Mut piouosil. That is how public busiucis used to he, con- ducted in Tasmania, but now at the first blush of approval from exciteduud clamorous public meetings, Miuisteis 'make a ' hasty l-osolution to place a sum ou the estimates to earry.out this large "üud, p\pousivo/uudor tukiug. ,,Thia ia^iot buHiucBB, not tq. say statesmanship. 'Let it not ,bu, ^understood that these temarles aro in any way against a gravIug-dock% It is n most desirable' udjuucfc to a shipping port lilce Hobart,' but tkero'is u .right und wrong wuy,of going about such mattera. A graving-dock is precisely ono of those" uùdcrtakiii'gitwhich,'if hastily cnicred into without counting the, cost and making sure of its reproduotivonosa,-, muy prove a white elephant iustoud of a pride and a joy to thtí oolouy. ' "i '< ' ' '-' - ' , id ii ,~T~:-~-T~r~ Tuiipeiils to pedostriaus.iu, tüvir ¡unfoiccd walks, or rattier stumblings, along Hobart streets aio ao flugruntly appuient, that surely 'none', billi ' Hobart ,'aldorinen would have the' temerity,' or'audacity, to assort ¿.that thoy,i|,U'v one siogje valid excuse for not commencing the work of repair. tPoopIe after nightfall 'walk the chief s ti cots of the city at the-péril of lifouu'd limb. Children growing up in our mldat'aro contracting a wobbling style of locomotion, their tender liUlolimbs adaptiug themael ves of ter Nature's own fushiouj to cirguinstancus and cnviion meuts. Addod toiuo distinct Tasmauian dia- lect in which acowis called a " keow,"amla "foino"day and a wet "noight," iudiçate extremes of weather, wo shall have, at'Jeast in Hobart, our childrou marked by a peculiar walk, half limp, half waddle, indi- cative more of the movements of lame duck- lings than of healthy well limbed human beings, and all because our sidewalks are so flsgrautly abandoned to disrepair. Perhaps our City Fathers will, when they least ex- pect it, sulfur a rude awakening. The Brunswick Couti ii, we note, has just been cast in damages, £200 and costs, for negli- gence in leaving a bolo in a street wherein a female pedestrian fall and bioke her log. For the dotenco it was domed that lhere was auy hole, but merely a alight indentation caused by the *jrating of a water main. Tho pica, UowMer, did not suliiue, ii'ir would it in Hobart in the bunds of any jury of ordiuiry intelligence. Hore, tho imlentutlouB in the pavements aro as plentiful as holes in a sieve, and if " not so deep m u » eil, nor so wido as a church door," are oiiough to place the limbs of even onie ful people m constant peril. ===== '; THE SUITJ.KMKNT to this days issuo con- tains leports of Election Meotings, Sujlroino Court, Sporting, Mai ino Board, Tragedy at Richmond, The Sandy Bay Tragedy, Stock and Shine Market, Mining, Launceston Lutter, und udvorliboments. .MuMcu'A!..- Tho Muncipul Council will moet as usual on Monday nc\t, (it ,the Municipal Council-chamber, at 4 o'elpck. T.R. RU.JME.NT.-A'garrisonparade, un- der the acting-Commandant, will takoplace on Monduy evening nt 7.80.' SAORKU CoNCEivr.-A sacred concert will begivon by tho Railway Band at Lansdowne .retcant ijjimorijow, under the conductorship of Mr. w.ElÍ¡aton,ui aid of u deserving case in the district. ~Tnn BHtoriôus -T»o following meetings ro announced :-ïhis day-Messrs Clark and Miles' oominitteo, at Stone buildings, lit 7 -IO . Mr. Hurgoss' committi o, at room over Lloyd's shop, corner Liverpool and Murray streets; Mr. Burrows, at Salvation Army Barracks, at 7.30; Mr. Leatham, at Odd- hKÄdl. Kow-Wfolk, at 7 ; Mi. Gill, at Sandy Hay, nt U ; Mr. Mugil« on, at lea Tree at .'1 o'clock; Mr Henry Johnson at 'Ten Tico, ut 4o'clock; Mi I Ullon, at Black well's il''k?l. Moiton Mowbiay, nt 4.30, "",1 at IA,tnro Hall,_ Green Po (Is, «t 7 30- Mc " Featherstone, at the Cas-, oj'diis, Tnsmaii's Peninsula. nfc 2 30, and» at Scrimgers, Dunally, al 7 p.m. Oni Mon- day Dr. K U. Ciowtlioi, at Garden Island 'Creek, nt 2 30,- Port Cjgiiot, at 8 p.m.; Mi li G- H Uiyá, at public school, Glenorn, lit 8 o'clock ; Mr. N. J Bro in, at Dundas ; Mr. John Henry, nt Now Ground, at 3 o'clock. Mr. Tiesso udilrusscs cloctois on vacant lot opposite Hock Hotel this oventng. Mr. James Hall udtlrossi-s the doctors oornor of Molle and Bathurst Btroots, and opposito Limekiln Inn to day, und on wharf to-morrow. ' IXÍJÍ ' J. .'' > SunKix EAHjWjtr.-ttt'Iio first locomotivo engine on this railway was got under stoiun yesterday on the Pittwater Viaduoi. Tho ongine was takcnirouud hy soa to tho Pitt- water lost wock.i and will bo employed by Mr Patterson in making up tho embanked rook upproach to the viaduct. The slocpors for this railway mro now being adaod by «team machinery ati Bcllcrivo, nnd< it is expected that the second locomotivo engine belonging to tho contractor will bol nt work laying the permanent way within a fortnight of the present time. CRIMINAL SITTINGS -The Supreme Court sits in Criminal Jurisdiction at Hobart on Tuesday next. The following is the calen- dar :-John Maitland, larceny as a servant ; Janies Hippit, housebreaklng ; John Sullivan and William Woolloy, burglnry ; Arthur Cooley, assault with intent; Edward Pearce, indecent assault. Othor cases will probably be added. CITY POLICE COOKT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., aud Mr. F. J. Salier, J. P., woroon tho bench at tho City: Court yesterday. Rose SaoderB, for distmbing the peaco, was fined 5s. or soven days. Win. Smith, for a like offenoí In Murrsy- straet/hlidi tb.tpayla similur amount. Mjchacl McDormott ad- mitted driviug a loaded curt a'ong the foot \- path in .Patrick-street.'J His defence wau. ignornnoo, .nod tho fine imposed a nominal5?one,"' 5«;'Mi.nd,'oosts.í! Thorfnrt Hogan, "on remane), Was-charged,-with having, embezzled , tho sum ,of(i£2,, ,tlie pioperty of Geo.' Cullen1; iii» employed ' "Ho pleaded guilty, and ,'prùforrod! summary treatment to a remand und ti ial by jury, It appears ho liad boon two years in Cullen's employment and travelled with t* o', stud horses at tho Huon. Whilst thcrp ¡ho(,,waB summoned for furious driving and cruelty to aiiimalB, and fined in all £3.' 'Thereupon ho absconded/having'with:liim £2TxilünginV .o Cullen, who lind topty-his fines. When arrested at Zeehan he had £13 in Iii» pocket, and now oiTcrei.to make.full amends. The Polico Magistrate considered it somewhat vin- dictive in plaintiff prcising the charge in face of that, us it was evident Hogan bud no folonious intent. Ho had already boon dome timo in custody, and would not therefore be sentenced to any further term, but Would be rcquirod to enter into his own.'recogni sauco of £50 for IIÍH good behaviour for tho next 12 months. ' Further, he wonld have to make good jail costs. Hogan was then put forward on a second charge of absenting him- self from Cullen's servioo. . Ho pleaded guilty, and plaintiff presBÍnq the eaBe, tho Bench impost d n fino of 40a. and costs, or two mouths' imprisomnent. Alb wages duo to him wore ,lo"bo for fated. T^ie bond was entered into, und the uno and other mon-ys paid.1' The Court thonVoBo. HOIIAKT | FttülT BoAiU) -; A meeting of this board wus held loBt evening, Mr. C. V. Creswell in the cliuir. After, tho minutes of the provious, mealing had been confirmed, thulnspoctor ,(Mr. Uigges) read his report explaining tho work dono since' tho rending of his last roport ; and it wns considered satisfactory. Soma routine business was transacted, and the mooting closod. MIDLAND AaniauLTuiiAL ASSOCIATION. The fifty-third exhibition of this Association will bo hold at Campbell Town on Wednes- day, Juqe 10, and liberal prizes are offered, i KEW NOBFOLK HOIOTIODXTUKAT, SHOW. We hive' received from un ost-icmed corre- spondent a detailed report of this show, which was held on the Gth inst. Heavy ÎircBture on our columns precludes its pub icution. The prize list has already boon published. Niiw NORFOLK.-Tho Marian Willis Dra- matic Company gave a peiformance of Saat Lynne in the Oddfellows' Hall ou Thursday evening to a crowded audience. The play , cieatcd a great sensation, and tho company stamped itself as the best that ever visited New Norfolk. Tho L»dy Isubol and Miulame.Vino of Miss Mariun Willis carried all before' hor, the olimax being readied iu the death scene, whon the audience visibly felt the t'influence of euch artistic acting. MisB Willis has played the characters in al- most every theatre in Australia and New Zeuhnd. The Archibald Carlyle of Mr. Alfred Boothman WHS a magnificent pour tiuyal. His perfect acting, fine figure und voice all' tended to make him a favourite at New Norfolk. The repeated and hearty manner in which theso artiBta were apnlaudod testified tiley lind completely pleased and secured the confidence of thoir audience. The villain, Sir jTrancis Levison, was, in tho hands of Mr. J. F. Keogh, aptly dep'cted. ' Nothing was wanting that could bo desired, and the audience wero vividly .impressed by his imperBoua'ion of the 'olmraater. The Lord Mount Severn of Mr. Al thur Stirling WUB good, and ' nt tiinea touuliing'; whilst the Tustico Haro of Mr., F. I'othoringham, - with ' bia blustering iiiumner,'was appi eclated. Mr. L'Harcourt looked and acted the character of Rialuudj 'Hine,, and cáriiod'lhe sympathies of the' .audience throughout. 'The Cornelia Carlyle. \flf Miss'Keogh, and1 the Barbara, -Haro of .Mina Nellie Howard, were bdtli well acted. SA\D.~OJD;-Aj.'ooweäpondent writos :-' . "A,mooting was ilield at Mr. \Vjn. Richard sou's on Suturduy, ,0t|i¿list., for Ijio pulposo, , of [forming a .football olub. ? Mr. 'Sydnoy' Moi risby was" voted., to the chair.! Tho foi-, , loning losolutiona >vere proposed, secooded, mill eiinicd unanimously :-r-',Thuta football; olub bo formed,vat iSitndfordij.thnt Mr. T, j Huxley bo scorottipy and trc(isurer ; that thoj .cpnimittco uomaiu the same ualaatycur; tliiit (thu membors' feo^bo 2s,i that tho, colqiua lo bo worn'bç i;ed and bjack ; that a¡ hall he held on Wednesday, 20th, in aid of! itlio olub," Tbo jneotiug tqrniinuted with tho i usual vote" of thanks to vtho i,ohaiiman.| I nuticotho. eontiaotois aro iniking rapidj piogiesa wiffbitlio,fencing in pf ,tho Waterloo, toiiife, wheretllcClarcnco r'accsniotobehold oiuhe'25tli. Withfincwoathéi-thecommittcoj no^loubt wililoo a good'm'anyl'pooplo thero, that day, us--tlid'entries for'all the events) aro pi etty good. The only (liu.wbtiok «ill bal the liiighton races on that dayluiiä it iaapityj that same arrangements could not havo boon' made ao aa to,prevent clashing, I have! Uûoitioqucstod.to'dritw the attention of tbo' correspondent that sent iu the account of tho' last Lominitloo. meeting that,, lio aent im wrong names, a'nd' ulao made omlasiona. I> do not u iah to give offence, but trust that' Lo y ill be more careful with his next re port. ' ' , CO.VCEUTAT BitKAia CREEK.-A concort in aid of augmenting the funda for prûoa for the scholars of the Bream Cieck school waa liold'on Monday evening, 11th inst. The onlertaininont hudi previously been post-, Vont A through the inclomonoy of the weathor., hut on this occasion it turned out a fine evening, and the room was crowded to excess Upwards of 150 tickets woro sold, and in every way the enteitainment was «utisfaotory. The pupils distinguished them- selves in hymns, dialogues, and recitations, and Mrs. Featherstone, with her customary kindness, rendered invaluable assistance at tile piano. . i CONCLUT.-Tho programme ot a concert to , he given in Chalmers Hall on Mpnday cvon uig next will bo found in our advertising I columns Amongst the perfoimcra nie »ovcr.ll woll known, including Mr. Hubert Arnold and Mr. William Mackenzie, who iu tlionycjves should be auiBciont to di aw n large ai,^ ¡once. L/iTY ivAND,-lins banu will givo a sooona couoert at the Kxhibition-building on Sunday night, commencing at 8.10. Au excellent progiammo is proinisod, including a giand ovciturr, spcoinlly arrungod by Mr F. A. Packer, und ¡toms by Mr. C. Wulliier uucl Bandmaster Hopkin?. BuiMlKllS AND CONTIIAOTOHS' ASSOOIA TKÍN-Asnecittl inoetiug of this association will he hold at tho tompoiunoo Hall ou Tuesday. _ SASD\ 'BAV SAILINU Ci.un -The follow- ing yachts have ontorod for to-day's lace : .Snftkf.'K. TJonnison; Caibino, J. Tinker; ilítlip), L Williams; Lteaid, S. Abiahams ; Umida, L. R. Rox ; Storni King, G- | Giogory; Jennie, J. Sliaip. Tho rulo re lifebelt« will.bo"Bti'ictly enfoicod. j u 1'HftoN MATOU.--A handicap swcopslakos o'£l, lilao othor snoops of '10a.,1 will tako place at the Horso und Jockey Hotel,' Kokeby, today. , , ,-. I FOOTBALL.-Tho Holobtook will nicot tho1 Railway on the ground of tho S.T. Football -Awiooltttlon this aftornoon. r-Trains dcavoi ' »tatiou.ut 2.10 and, 2.10, speoiul carriages iWtiï»i)8enieil wndiaaitonetande/ii't^J ,uo»iu-ehitai) j \ " TASMANJA,";ÍIIB'J'UIZIS, POKH.-In this wook*8 Tasmanian Mail tho pri?o poem on .Tasmanialis published.,-' The poom was'thor Biicccssfnl ono in tho contest for tho prize of ¡C5 5B, ,' offered by tho prop'riotor'of The Mail for tho best poom on tho subject nama 1. 'lVcnty-olght poon.s woro received nnd'anb in i ti ed to u very careful examination, with 'tho íesult that 15 «oie delected and sent in to the ]! li toi iul Committee for adjudication Tho contest must li" regard d from tveiy point of view na catisfnotory. Tho com .nineo found that tho work on tho -whole uns of a high statuliud. Mr. 15. A. Xiiinprill, tho winnor, is a thorough Tas- manian, and, niorcovor,' onn Who owes much to LhiKOolony. His pooniithoicfore mny bo 'taken as an cal nest of tho patriotic spiut ho ?possesses for the country, and nlso as an in- dication of tho return ho is making for the good Tasmania has dono for him. Mr. liimprill uasi at tho hoad of tho A A. ¡degree .examination hi J.883, cal rymg off tho_ 'goid modal j two y"iirs later "lio'took tho" (Tasmanian Scholarship, and last year ho ÍiisBod tho degree of B A. (honours) at Ox oid Univeisity. Every Tasmanian should jtnko an interest in his work, and no doubt .many persons other than subsciihcrs will sçcuro a copy of The Mail for themselves and thoir friomK Mr. Lamprill Binga of a (beautiful country in beautiful words, and no .better way of making Tasmania known to people beyond the seas could be devised ithan this. EDUCATIONAL. - The following appoint- ments have been approved by the Minister of Education: - Mr. and Mrs. Adams to be teachers at the Forth School; Mr. J. R. Locke, teacher, Hagley; Miss C. A. Davis, teacher, Broadmarsh; Mr. A. W. L. Southern, teacher, Bismarck; Mr. A Dyer, paid monitor, Ellenmore; Mr. and Mrs. MacAndrew, teachers, Jerusalem; Mrs. Miles, female assistant, Lefroy; Miss S. M. Fielding, teacher, Pine-road; Miss H. F. D'Arcy, teacher, Glen Gala: Miss E. Best, female assistant, Sheffield; Miss Jefferson, female assistant, West Kentish; Mr. and Mrs. Pywell, teachers, Parattah; Miss A. L. McWilliams, paid monitor, North Bridge- water; Miss E. Savage, paid monitor, Both- well; Miss F Fullerton, paid monitor, Lefroy; Miss Rose Teece, female assistant, Cornwall; Mrs. F. Spotswood, teacher, Koonya. Ciiültcii SEUVICKS.-Thefdllowingscrvfce» aro «dveitued for to-morrow :- Wes loyan, Rev. R. W. Thompson, at Melville Bttcot at 11, and at Davey-street at 7 ; Rev. D. S, Lindsay, at Davcy-etrcet in the morn- ing, and at Mehillo-atrect in the evening. Mp Sttutt conduct« service at the High street Mission 'at li o'clock, and in the evening the Mi-sion # Band, Rev. S. , Ironside preaches at Lan'sdowne-crcBcent at 7 o clock. At the Memorial Congrega- tional Churih the Rev. Joseph King preaches in the mo nins, and the , Rev. M?"'Pbilhps" (MiaBionary from ' Madras) in the, eveniug. Morning and evening cervices will be held to morrow as follows ¡-Chalmers Presbyterian Church, Bathurat-atrrct, Rov. C. H. Talbot; St. Andrew'a Church, Rev. J S ott; St John's, Macquarie street, Rev. 1. K. Mclntrye ; Hobart Tubcrilaclc, Pastor MrCullough. ANOMOAN CiinKoltSfl"- At St. George's, Battery Point,' to-morrow, Rev. Oberlin Harris, M.A, will preach at 11, and the Bishop of Tasmania in the evening. At the. Church of SU John Baptist, Goulburn-atreeJ, special "\Yhitsun services i will,lie held, j jAt St John's "Church, New Town, the service to morrow oyoning will be choral through- out, and the offertory will 'be for the organ fund. [ l,' j , "*" ST. JOHN'S 'CiinjionvGouiJiimNjSTpEET. -The musical portion of the" service at this church .tomorrow (Whit Sunday)* will bo Matin«,. Iii o'clock-prelude,, organ, " Andante in F",*(Hi!ñfy Smart), To Deum u'id Benedictos, Dyke's in F ; Whitsuntide hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost;", ancient plain song, "Kyrie," Dyke's in F (No 2); ofFottory sentences, "To do good," "He that so we tli," " lilessod bo the man" (Pucker); postlude, organ, Prajer in F (Henry Smart). Evensong, 7 o'clock, slow movement from Beethoven's first »ym Ïihnny in C (or^an) ; Magnificat and Nuno Wmittta (Packer), in F; anthem, "God, who commanded the light to Bhine out of darknes«, hath nhined in our hearts1' (Hopkins); poitlude, organ, "Hallelujah to the Father" (Engedi), Beethoven., Morn; ing service, Hopkins' accompanied Mono- tone icBponscs; evening, Tallis' festival responses CATHOUO CHOUGH es -Missions by two reverend fathers of the Order of Passionists will bo commenced on Sunday. The Very Rev. Father, Murcellus will commence a children's mission in St. Mary's Cathedral at 3 o'clock,' arid preaoh at vespers in the eveniog. j The yery Rev. Father Vincent Grogan will commence a miesioa at the SacredHenrtChurch,NewTown ntllo^clock masB, Tho mission will bo oontinued in the evening, and each morning and evening until \Veduesdaynoxt, inclusive. ) , CATHOLIC SVNOD -Tho annual retreat for tho priests of thc'dioccse hasTieen conducted during the past woek by the * Rov. Father Vincent G lugan, nearly all the olergy of the oniony being present at the exercises. ,On Thursday preparatory session of Synod was held in the Archbishop's house, and yester- day morning at ' 8 o'clock nil 'tho priosts, headed by crossbearar, and followed by the ArclibUhop, marched in procession from the Pallico to tho'Cuthcdrnl. Hore preparations had been made for the holding of tho annual Synod,'which took placo immediately after celebration of the muss of the Holy Ghost by the Archbishop, who presided at tho Synod, and the decrees of the Sydney Council of 1885 were read and ratifica, and also soma decrees affecting tho interost« ofi leligion in tho Archdiocese of Hobart. , The ceremonies, which lastod ovor1 two hours, concluded with the- Papal Benediction bestowod upon all present by tho Arch-, bishop. -, ', , , " jj LONDON MISSIONARY r SOOIIÎTV.-The an ni versar y services in connection with this society aroito bo j hold to-morrow,in tho city and suburban ; Çoiigregot''onnl churches. Rev. Maurice' 'Phillips proabhos . in *tlio Davoy- stroot Cliuroh in the morning undent | thol Memorial'. Church'in tho 'evening, raha addresses' a 'children's 'mbcting 'tit:,Davay streot in' the iiftornoou.' ' Rev. Joseph King, ' who visits Tasmania for tho "first timo s'inoel his app'oiutmont as deputation agent is at the ! Memorial .Church in the morning,' and D.i vo'y stroet in tho ovoning. Services will- also'bo held at Bellerive and Now Town, omi the public missionary meeting will"he held'on Tuesday oveniug in the Tcinporaude'-Hill. Collections will be m'ado'at' all tho "'meet- ings llfor' the Society's' funds." i4Of'" Mr. "Phillips "tho Victorian Independent '\ for May says t'-i-" Amongst- thó''missionUrios of the Loudon" MiKsiouu,ixSpcjpfcyiM.r. Phillips has gained no moan reputation. Thoroughly devoted to his "work, ho has giveu to that '4v'ork'i.of /'his.Xbosil energy; mid tho socd helms sown during 30 yours of toil.iu^Southorn Judja-(list at Snloin, tliéu'át'Mádras-has borne most eu oouraging fruit. ( His Welsh instinot for pro idling lins found a wide field in the cities' of Southern India,' in the streets of which! hi« voice has been so, of lou liuiril proojuim iug Christ's nios'ftgo to' the Hindoos, and .rosBoning with tho Brahmins to prove tho superior claims of Christ. Mr. Phillipa has not only masloi ed the Tamil language, but,| iu order to refuto Brnhminical sophistry, lie, has nmdo himself a ready S&nsciit; scholar, and so has access to tho sacred books. His stories of contests with defenders of Jim doojum arc full of interest. Mr. Phillipa is a member of the Royal Asiatic Society.". HOBART PARHAM KNTARY DEB*WI»O> As-! HOOIATION.-The usual weekly meeting of this society was held at the Masonic Hall lost night, a number of visitors being pre- sent, in addition to the members. Mr. O Lovell gavo notice that he would move next week as to the dtsirability of the State making provision for the higher education of the people. Mr. £. Harrison made a financial statement giving details of the' last year's transactions and the present' position of the colony's monetary affairs, tho debato thereon being adjourned till Friday' uoiit. Mr. W. 0. Wiso gsve notico of debute on amendment of the Law of Kvidcnce. Mr. Longmoio movod an adjournment for afort night in consequence of Friday next boing election day. This was agreed to, and tho mooting separatfd. ZEEHAN.-The Zeclian and Dundas Herald Buya :-Typhoid still prevails at Zeehan, and dissatisfaction ia expressed on al! sides at the delay in carrying out a proper sewerage scheme. Tho first load of aewcrago pipca baa an ii ed, und moro energy may now bo displayed by the authorities. The,Kov. A. G. King, the Chin eli oí lüngland minister, lins lettirnod from Hobart, and haa dooided to erect a temporal y building for church purposes Thu Rev. T. Kills, Congrega tioiml minister, Ima a'so arrived, and » ill oondnct Han ¡cea ut present in the .Zeohiin Iu atitutc. The Zeehan Water Supply Com- pany aro woiking « ith energy tit the cou ati notion of tho dum, und it is expected tho plant will ho in oporation within two montha.i , BAODAD.-On Tuesday ovening aonga and, rcadinga will begiveu in the Cougroga1 ional' Chut ob, in aid of («be futidB, by Mr. Stovon-¡ son und friends. Mr. J. R. Betts is to cou-, tribute,two.Bpecial reoituls, ' "SOKQB.OM Plias", Why,suttor PU«! Imrae-j dlate reUsf and oomplot« OOM giUtanteod. Ask Iori "Houfb on"i *« ^ Bun «ni* 1er «thing! psotiudlng,) BMWUH, or sar tonn of Wise. .'.ri,lnij') li 