The Seeret of Eelaip Tv ;;V' dHAPTER XXXVI. -MR. PENNING'S , . PROPOSITION. CHAPTER XXXVII. — THE FAMILY VAULT. CHAPTER XXX VIII. —W AITIN G FOR TERRY. CHAPTER. 'XXXIX. A SECRET EX- „ PEDITION. ' ' "" CHAPTER XL. —THE EAST WING. CHAPTER XLI.-A MAD .WOMAN'S "REVENGE. ' 'V ") ' CHAPTER XLIL— ANl'OINE'S NAR- RATIVE. ' ; .< - CHAPTER XL1II.-A GHOSTLY VISI- TOR. ' .>: ;- w., CHAPTER XLIV.— P.P.C. ' . CHAPTER XXX. —Continued, Lady -Spenoelaugh was sitting near the fire, with her' face so far turned away from the company that nothing of it was visible but the profile. Gas ton, chafitig inwardly, was seated near her. "What was all this bother about, he should like to know ? Dispute his title, indeed ! Was he not Sir Gastpn Spenoelaugh, owner of Belair, and of all that fair landscape which could be seen through the windows stretching far into the dim distance ? He had tilf a-imiiid-'to ring the bell and order reen to show these old fogies the door. , It was high time they remem bered who was master now. He was touched a little to think that Freddy, whom ho had always liked and loved" in his own careless fashion, should bo turning against him at such a time with some trumped up story of anothef heir ; but, ho felt so secure in his new position: that lie could afford to let her have lifer fling, and then be. magnani mous and forgive her. ' " The ovidence of ' which you speak in this letter,", said Mr. Grecnhoughto Mr. Penning, ' " will be, I presume, forthcoming without difficulty 1", " We are prepared'- to go. .into the question at once," said Mr, Penning. . . " Before entering into particulars,'' returned Mr. Greenhough, "you' .will . perhaps furnish us with the name of the, .individual in whose favor these extraordinary proceedings are taken." ". Willingly. The gentleman to whom you allude is known at present as Mr. John English." ' . ' "I should like to ask this Mr. John English a'fow questions. Oblige me . by producing him." " We are unable fo do so just now," answered Mr.. Penning, not without hesitation. "Do you, in fact, know where this Mr. John English is living at the present time 1" asked Mr. Greenhough. "We certainly do not," answered the London man of law. " Preciselyso," said Mr. Greenhough, rubbing his hands witli an air of satis faction.— " Gentlemen," lie added, turning to the baronet and the vicar, "from information received, as the detectives say, I am able to throw a little light upon the history of the in dividual in question. By occupation lie is a wandering photographer, and in ' this . capacity he seems to have inocked about- the world for several years. Chance or design brought him at last to Normanford, and he had not been '.there many days before ho obtained an introduction to Lady Spencolaugh, who with her customary liberality and kindness of heart, at once gave him sevoral commis sions. The -privilege of entree f to Belair which he thus obtained he systematically abused by ferreting out, from the domestics and others, all the information they could give him re- . specting the private history of the family, supplementing the same by further insidious inquiries among the old people of the neighboring villages, till having, as lie thinks, picked up sufficient information to serve his vile purpose, lie deliberately sits down an,d writes out a statement in which lie claims to be heir to the title and estates of Belair. The whole affair would be no more tnan a piece of wretched absurdity, unworthy the at tention of any sane man, wore it not for the nnnoyanco which, at a period of deep domestic affliction, it has caused a most estimable lady. But, gentlemen, the comedy, if I may call it such, is not yet played out. This individual, iu consequence of an acci dent, is obliged to take up his resi dence for -a while . at Pevsey Bay, from which place he sends his statement to Miss Spencelaugh, and is so far successful that he induces a lady, of whose good sense and dis cernment I had hitherto had' the. highest opinion, to espouse his cause. But, gentlemen, the climax is yet to cornel The very day after that on which he sends his statement to Miss Spencelaugh, this man, this impostor as I ought rather to call him, disap pears, and has never been, heard of since. But shall I tell you why ho disappears? Because ho is afraid of being arrested and taken to task for previous attempts of a similar kind. Yes, gentlemen, tho man himself - has gone, no one knows whither— has neither been seen nor beard of .for eight weeks ; and yet we are seriously called upon to-day to test the validity of his ridiculous -pretensions 1- The; whole affair is really too absurd for belief!" And Mr. Greenhough leaned back .in his chair, and glanced at Mr.. Penning with an air, .that seemed to say : U I think, my friend, your case has not a log to stand ,ou " ; at the same time refreshing himself copiously from the baronet's snuff-box. "Then I suppose we may consider this little " unpleasantness as at an end ?" said the vicar with a genial smile. " That's right ; let's make, every thing pleasant," said the baronet en couragingly. " I beg, gentlemen, . that you will not put us, out of court in. such a sum mary manner," said Mr. Penning with a. deprecatory smile. "What 5 Mr. Greenhough has just urged sounds very plausible, T must admit; but, pray, remember that as yet you have only heard one side of the question. Wo at' once confess that the disappear- , iince of Mr. English is a circumstance 1 for which we are unable to account, and one which,' at the first glance, may seem to prejudice our case. But, putting this feet for the moment on ' one side, I beg to state seriously and earnestly, on the part of Miss Spencelaugh, that we are prepared with evidence, whjch will go far to prove that many years ago, under this very roof, a heinous crime was per petrated — by; whom we do not say — and a good man most foully deceived ; and if right still be right, and wrong still be wrong, then does it most cer tainly rest with you two gentlemen, whom the dead master of this house appointed executors of his last will and testament,. to do what he himself would have done' had he lived — to mete out, so far as in you lies, simple justice to the living and the dead." " I really don't see," said Mr. Green hough. with emphasis, "that in the absence of the chief — what shall I call him ? — conspirator, we can proceed any further in this business. Lot this Mr. English come forward in proper person, and we shall then be prepared to hear what he may have to say for him self." Mr. Penning shrugged his shoulders. " Do you really wish to force us into a court of law?" he said. "Miss Spencelaugh thought, and I quite con curred with her, that it was advisable, in the first instance at'least, to :sift this, affair, which deeply concerns the honor of an ancient and ' reputable family,, before some tribunal of private friends ; and not make a public, scandal of .it, unlessafter- circumstancessliould render, sucil a .' course . . imperatively neces sary." , : ; "You are right, sir," said , the .vicar with . dignity. "In the position in which I and my colleague are placed by tho will of tho .late Sir ' Philip Spencelaugh we 1 cannot do otherwise than lend an attentive hearing to what you may have to say, and either nip this matter in the bud, if ' it be based on a lie ; or if it have ;truth for its 'founda tion, see that justice be done to all whom it may affect. Before entering, however, upon any of your proofs, I wish to know,, and I daresay my curiosity is shared by others, whom this Mr. John English asserts himself to be." There was a general stir and move ment in the room as the vicar ceased speaking. Lady Sponcolaugh's cheek paled preceptibly, but she shaded her face with a hand-screen, and gazed more intently into the fire. Gaston unfolded his arms, and lifted himself for a moment ou.t of the state of moody irritation into which he had fallen. Yague fears of some impend ing disaster were beginning to coil themselves round his heart. What was the meaning of this dark con spiracy which was gathering so omin ously about hini at the outset of his new career ? The Irish baronet paused, in the act of opening his snuff-box, to listen ; and the vicar himself drew up closer to the table, and leaned forward with one hand to his ear. Then Mr. Penning spoke. " Mr. John English," ho said, "asserts him self to be the eldest son of tho late Sir Philip Spencelaugh _ by his first marriage," "But," said the vicar, recovering from his surprise, "the late baronet had only one son by his first marriage, Arthur by name, who died in infancy, and lies buried in tho family vault." " Mr. English asserts that he is the child in question," said Mr. Penning, "and if this be true he is now Sir Arthur Spencelaugh, and the owner of Belair.'' ."Produce your proofs," said the vicar. " Things are not looking so pleasant as they might do,1" thought the baronet. " I wish I was well out of this." CHAPTERXXXV. evidence for the p1103ecuti0n. "The first evidence wjrich I shall bring before you," said Mr. Penning, " is that of Jane Garrod — a woman of excellent character, and well known, I believe, to several persons present." Jane Garrod was accordingly called. As tho servant who had ushered her into tho room was going, out, Lady Spencelaugh said : "If Martha Winch is-there, teil her to briiigme my salts." Once in the room Mrs, Winch took care not to leave it again. She sat down on a low stool behind Lady Spencelaugh, and was an attentive auditor of all that followed. J ane curtseyed respectfully to Lady Spencelaugh; and thon to tlio assembled company ; and then seated herself in tho chair indicated by Mr.' Penning, a short distance from the, table. She was a firm-nerved woman, and neither her manner, nor her voice when 3I10 spoke betrayed the slightest discompo sure. After a few preliminary ques tions from Mr. Greenhough, she began her narrative as under : " My name is J ane Garrod, and I shall have been married eighteen years come next Lady-dav. My father was a small farmer a few miles from- Nor manford ; but he was too poor to keep all his children at home, and when I was old enough I had to go out to ser vice ; and a few years lator I was fortunate enough to bo chosen as lady's-maid to Miss Honoria Barry of Dean's Manor — close- to where my father lived. Miss Honoria was just 17 at that time, which was my own age. She was as beautiful as she was good 5 and it was impossible for any one to bo near her without loving her. She took a liking- to me, and was very ' kind to me, and .treated me more like, a humble friend than a paid servant. Whferever sho and her papa went I went with them ; and we , travelled about a good deal at different times,- both in England and abroad. Miss Honoria had many friends and acquaintances, . as was but natural to one in her position ; but the friend that she loved above all others was Miss Eveleort Denner. They had been school-girls together, and now they were more like sisters than anything else, and far more devoted to each other than many sisters that I have known. Well, it so fell out, one Christmas when Miss Eveleen was staying at Dean's Manor, that among other guests invited there for the, holidays came Sir Arthur Spenoelaugh of Belair — at that time a major in the army, and his cousin, Captain Philip Spencelaugh, both over from India on leave of absence. They had not been 24 hours at tho Manor,, before Sir Arthur was head over ears in love with Miss Honoria, and his cousin was as deeply smitten with the charms of Miss Eveleen. There were ardent lovers in those days ; and before' two months were over the double wedding took place. , My . dear' Miss Honoria was now ; Lady- Spencelaugh, but that made no difference in her treatment of me ; she was just as kind to me as she had always been. We lived here at Belair for eight quiet happy months, and then both Sir Arthur and his cousin were ordered back to India in consequence' of some frontier war1 that had just broken out. Well, nothing would serve the ladies but that they must go with tlieir husbands ; and I, of course, must go with my dear mis tress.: When we reached Bom bay the war had been snuffed out, arid our soldiers were ordered to an lip-country station, and we, of course, went with them; and so three or four years passed quietly , and pleasantly away, marked with nothing in my memory beyond an occasional removal- to a fresh station., But, after a time, Captain. Spencelaugli's lady was con fined of a son; and a little while after wards my dear mistress brought her husband a sweet daughter — no other, in fact, than Miss Frederioa hero. We had-just been celebrating baby's second birthday when cholera of a very bad kind broke out at tho station, and among its first victims were Sir Arthur Spencelaugh and his poor wife. They were well in the morning, and dead, both of them, at sunset; and they were buried under the walls of the fort at daybreak next morning. The last words my dear mistress said, and they wore all she had strength to say, were : " Take care of baby ;" and I promised her solemnly that, -with Heaven's help, I would do so as far as in mo lay. The oaptain's wife was away on a visit at the time, but the shock nearly killed her when she heard tho news ; and as her health had been delicate for somo time, the captain (now Sir Philip Spencelaugh, the late baronet's only child being a daughter) determined at once to send her back to England, together with his own child, and his cousin's orphan girl. So we all went down to Bombay, and every thing was got ready for the voyage. But misfortune still followed us ; for on what was to have been the very last day of our stay, as Lady Spenoelaugh was riding out, her horse shied-sud- denly, and threw her. Her leg was broken by the fall ; and although everything was done for her that could be done, fever set in, and she was dead in less than a week. I thought for a time that Sir Philip- would have gone crazy, but it takes a deal of grief to kill, and, be sides, be had his little son to live for, so he got leave of absence, and we all came over to England together — the baronet, his son, little Miss Erederioa, myself and an ayah or native nurse, who was in charge of the little mother less lad, with me to look after them both. This ayah, who was never any favorite of mine, was sent back to India a few months after our .arrival, tho climate of England being too cold for her. We came to Belair, and I and tho children settled down here ; but Sir Philip soon loft us and went to London, and his melancholy got tho master of him in the country. At the end of about 18 months we hoard that he was going- to marry again, and pre sently he came down to Belair with his bride, the present Lady Spence laugh. As it happened after his first marriage so it' happened now ; scarcely was tho honeymoon over when he was summoned back to India. This time he went alone. A short time after Sir Philip ' had left England Miss' Erederica's health became delicate, and the doctors recommended change of air ; so wo went to Pevsey Bay, she and I, and were away for about six- months. This was two or three months after Mr! Gascon was born. Lady Spencolaugh drove over every fort night or so to see how wo were getting on, besides which'I had instructions to' write to her ladyship every few days so that she might know how Miss Erederi'ca's health, was progressing. It was while ive v ere staying at Pevsey Bay that news came to us of Master Arthur's illness and death ; and I re member as if it was only yesterday our mourning things being sent over by .the Nonuanfoi'dicarrier ; and after we got back . homo the first placo .Miss Froderica and I went to was Belair church, to see the marble- tablet which had. been, put up. to the memory of' the dead child. I . stayed with Miss Frederica a year or two longer, till she was taken out of my 'hands, and put under'. the .care of A 'governess; and I was then free to.marry, for I had been, engaged many years, and Abel Garrod, my present husband that is, was getting, tired of wai ting." "A -.very interesting piece of family history," said. Mr. Greenhough testily, as Jane paused for a mome'nt; "but really, I dpn't 'see' in what way it bears',, upon the.oase now under consi deration." " Mrs. Garrod, I believe, has not quite finished yet,"' said Mr. Penning, drily. .' Mr. . Greenhough shrugged his shoulders, glanced at his watch, and began to bite the end of his quill viciously. . " Captain Spencelaugh — that is, tho late Sir-Philip "—resumed Jane, " on his visits to Dean's Manor, was some times accompanied by a younger brother, named Reginald, who had been brought up to be a barrister, but who afterwards went out to Canada, and died there a few years later. I saw ,Mr. Reginald many different times, and had often occasion to speak to him, and . have had presents from him, "so that I could not possibly be mistaken. as to-- iiis appearance. One evening last autumn, as I was walking through the waiting-room at Kings- thorpe station, I certainly thought that I saw his ghost before me. I was quite scared, so striking was the like ness between the man I saw before me and my late master's youngest brother. I never thought of asking who the stranger, was! but set it down as a mere chance likeness, and forgot all about it after a few days ; that is, I forgot all about it till I . saw the stranger again. The next time I saw him was when he was brought to my door by the Kingsthorpe carrier, who had found him lying wounded and insen sible in the- high road. I recognised him again in an instant as the stranger I had seen for the moment one even ing, about, two months before;, but, gentlemen, I should .quite fail in ex pressing to you what I felt when the dootor, on. stripping the wounded man's Shoulder to examine his hurt, pointed out. to mo a strange mark on that shoulder exactly similar to the mark which 'I knew to have been on the shoulder of Master Arthur, who had died 20 years ago ; there it certainly- was, lino for line, as I so well remem bered it; I have, already said. . . that wo brought an ayah with us from India, who had- charge of Master Arthur, under me, arid who was seiit back home after a. very short stay in Eng land. This woman was passionately fond of the boy, and before she left Be lair, while I was away for a few days burying my mother, she contrived, by some means'- best known to herself, to mark 'him on the left shoulder with the figurfe of a coiled snake holding a lotos flower in its mouth, done in faint blue lines, which nothing could. ever rub out. I was sorely vexed when I got to know about it, and I scolded the woman rarely ; but you see it was done, and couldn't be undone. I men tioned it privately to Lady Spenoe laugh; but I never spoke of it to Sir Philip—I was afraid of his anger. Both the lotos and the snake, as you gentlemen are perhaps aware, are sacred Symbols ' iyhtong the Hindus ; and the ayah. said the mark was a charm which . would carry the child safely through many, dangers, and that would britig him back to life when everybody thought ho was dead. Of course I set no store by her gibberish; but I must say I was startled .when I saw on the shoulder of Mr. J ohn English an exact counter part of the mark which I knew to have been pn the shoulder of Master Arthur 11 Spencelaugh, dead twenty years, before. And I think, gentle men, that is all I have. ..to say at pre sent." " And quite enough, too," muttered Mr. Greenhough. The vicar had been. taking copious notes ; and the baronet had tried to follow his example, but had 'got 'the tail of one sentence so inextricably mixed up with . the beginning of another, that, after several, vain efforts to make some sense of what he had already written, he gave up tlie task in despair. Said the lawyer to the vicar : " You do not, I hope, my dear sir, attach much importance to the evidence of this woman?" " Not much, certainly, as the case stands at present," returned the vicar, " Her evidence seems to rest on no thing stronger than one of those coin cidences which are by no means so unfrequent in real life as some people - imagine. Still, I believe Jane Garrod to be a strictly honest woman ; one who would speak the truth consciear tiously, as far as she knows it." "Just so — as far as she knows it," said tho lawyer drily. " Half-truths are always dangerous things to handle." " Well, let Us proceed a little fur ther, and see what more wo can elicit," said the vicar. "Who is your next witness, Mr. Penning?" "What I propose to do next," said Mr. Penning, "is to read to you the evidence of one James Billings, formerly a footman at Belair, afterwards transported for burglary, and now just released from Portland, after serving out a second sentence." "Oh, ho!" said Mr.- Greenhough grimly. "Pretty company you are introducing us to 1 I wonder what value any jury would attach to the evidence of such a double-dyed scoundrel. But why is not the fellow himself here V " I did not think it necessary to produce him in person on such an occasion as this," said Mr. Penning. " I can, however, have him here for you by to-morrow morning, if you wish it. Meanwhile, I will, with- your permission, read this statement, which has been drawn up by Billings himself without any assistance." " Pray proceed, sir," said the vicar, whereupon Mr. Penning read ' as under ; " According to promise made and given, I, James Billings, otherwise known as ' Jim the Downy,' now pro ceed to put down on paper some recol lections of my. "early life. "'j£ 0 begin at the beginning. You know already that I was footman at Belair, but you . don't know how I caine to fill that situation ; and I inust add a few. words of explanation, so that you may understand what fol lows. My father was a well-known begging-letter writer, which accounts for my education, and all my family were more or less mixed up with the profession. But my governor got lagged at last, and my two brothers came to grief in another , way ; and I got such a sickening of the whole busi ness that I determined to try what honesty would do towards making my fortune. Not to bother you with what you wouldn't care to hear about, I got a footman's place at last, and two or three yearn later I went into the service of Lady Spencelaugh on her marriage; and so, in- course of time, found myself at Belair. I liked a footman's life well enough for some thing3 — there was no hard work to do, and plenty of time for reading the newspapers ; but, on the other hand, I seemed as far as ever from making my fortune. It was about this time that I fell in with Nance Fennel 1, who was living with her mother at White Grange, and I used to go there to see her as often as I could find time. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 