? SCKAT CH1KGS IN THE C1TT CBy A PisNcrii.1 Tbat every liue which written here may he Jjo to its mark straight and unerringly ; ± nat ^ve^y laugh be clean and fairly bought: i «rS + <son"emiiatton never go un6onglit: J ^A&t; cat, or thrust or lend approving cheer, i Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. I Mr. Kirkham Evans, tailor and social j : reformer, has started a crusade against the J foolish custom (now 'widely extending) in ' obedience to ■which tobacconists £11 up ! their windows with pictures of notorious or j celebrated women, whose whole dress might | be easily put within one's waistcoat pocket, j and whose character requires even less j storage-room. He runs a-tiit, too, against 1 the practice by tobacco-manufacturers of placing hardly decent photographs of almost naked women in packets of cigar ettes. Mr. Evans, as a tailor, may be naturally expected to object; to the practical j disuse of clothes, because if there were no [ clothing there would be no tailors; but J Mr. Evans as a. social reformer h^>n right on his side. You cannot see the crowd of gawky youths gloating open-mouthed over the pictures displayed in the tobacco-dealers' and hair-dressers' windows without feeling that they are not moved by any love of art; and it is only a reasonable conclusion that these youths buy the cigarette packets Partly to get the picture contained therein. Thus two evils are done. The smoking of cigarettes isa horribly baneful thing; atany rate, after I have smoked a cigarette I feel almost as depraved and reckless as a member j of Parliament after a political banquet, j When you add to that the damage done to i boys' morals by studying a shady photo- j graph you wonder whether you ought not I to send for the police. j Whilst Mr. K^rVha.Tn Evans is arrayed in j his war-panoply he may as well Mil off I another abuse connected with tobacconists' I and hair-dressers' shops—the abuse of J illegally running totalizators upon race J meetings. Parliamentary elections, and I many other games and sports. With I every one of these things is associated a | great deal of gambling with tobacconists' totalizators, and. the police know it per- j fectiy welL Detection of the offenders is j not the easiest thing in the world, but the I law ought to get its grip upon such wrong- J doers by some means or other. If I were a I gambler I would bet half my worldly I possessions that I could go into at least j a dozen establishments in one or two city ( streets and stake money "upon at least j twelve illegal totalizators, some of them I run almost openly. So upon the whole the public ought to be thankful to Mr. Evans j for flourishing his goose and plunging with j his bodkin at the heads of those enemies to j the commonwealth who try to live by 1 killing the morals of our boys. j The Austral, the monthly newspaper j which has been published in the interests I of the Australian Natives' Association and j Literary Societies' Union, has given up the j ghost, and the place which once knew it j will not know it again for some time, I though I believe there is some chance of its resurrection in another form. It is a J pitiful but a true thing that the Austral j was too good to live. The South Austra- j lian young man could not properly appre- j ciate it because it did not give verbatim j descriptions of football i matches, pugilistic j contests, and such-like lively demonstra- | tions of the power of muscle which they j chiefly worship. Past experience seems to j suggest a doubt whether the Australian j will ever be brought to read his own j country's literature except that literature should take the blessed form of a sporting j newspaper with full-sized portraits of " Nosey Dan, the light-weight champion," j or "Curly-Tooth Tom, the Football TT-iVW and Unrivalled Wrestler." The public } sympathy should be lent to the plucky promoters of the Austral, but really con- J ducting a purely literary paper in Australia is about as unprofitable as foreign j missionary work when there is no land to purchase from, confiding natives for ten penny nails. I I am sorry to note that the Bews' Family Fund is not increasing as the merits of j our dear dead friend Davie ought to it 1 increase. If a penny less than .£1,000 J should be raised for the education of Mr. j Bews's children South Australians will not j have done the duty. This is a public concern. When a politician dies almost j penniless after several years' association j with Parliament, that fact is one of the 1 most precious testimonies to the of his political record, and therefore to his service to the nation. We know perfectly j well that if a man choose to take advan- } tage of his opportunities he may mafa j money out of a public position. David | Bews scorned the slightest appearance of I evil in this direction, he even declined to I take office in circumstances conveying the J merest warrant for imputin g wrong motives, I and the straightest straightness was the j unvarying measure.. of his conduct. The 1 people should have a direct concern in the j well-being of the children of such a man; j I and knowing the facts of his life pretty j | well I should hope that his good wife will j not press too much her request that a fund j should not be raised—if not for herself at j least for her children. In such a fund I there is nothing pauperising. I A religious giant named Mark Guy j Pearse, a Wesleyan Minister from London, J is with us.. Mr. Pearse, being a Cornish- | m an, is a clear-headed man of the world; J but being a minister of religion as well as I a Cornishman, he is an eloquent preacher J and a vigorous eommonsense writer. I am j told that Mr. Pearse will speg,k at Kapunda. j If the news should fee correct Kapanda j ought to rejoice, and the people of the neatest town in the north, Sir, should make a great demonstration in honor of a man whose name is known all over the world, and whose actions liave properly caused him to be beloved by all classes of folk in London, from the poorest to the I owners of the largest wealth.. In Melbourne th<; other day I witnessed ! one of the most comical strikes of which I I have ever heard since the days of the paid ; labor agitator, uad of the man who climbs j to Paliamentary place upon ■ the eh.ould.er6 of the working man. That strike was amongst the .motley crowd t>f urchins , ■who sell the evening papers. One of those journals had increased the price at which, the papers are sold to the boys from 8cL per dozen to 9d- per dozen. Some would not accept the reduction; but others did so, and went on selling the newspaper at . the reduced rate of return. The fun began whenever one of this minority was seen disposing of a copy of the obnoxious paper. The crowd ran at him as >rith all the courage with which a mob of 500 unionists attack a couple of non-unionists when noboby is looking; and if you were not a policeman you might often see fifty news paper boys chevying under the very wheels of the cabs one luckless little ragged urchin whose brothers and sisters were probably waiting anxiously at home for the subsis-. tance which his earnings were expected to. bring to them. The offending newspaper wishes now that it had not reduced its rates of pay. 