LADY PEARL. It pained him to play the hypocrite, but he did not feel sufficiently'to abandon his project. It was all very well for her to want to bear his name, but what was he to do with her if they were married ? He was too fond of society{,to ever think of having its portals shut against him, and with a sophistry:peculiar to men who are doing wrong he argued that'.she had brought it on herself.. ' All I ask is,' he said, ihat ,you .will consent to 'a:'secret' marriage, down rat some quiet church, and let it be bidden for a time.' : r - ' I ;sh'all "be satisfied,' "she replied, simply. ' It is: not.so much.of the world's thoughts that I cared for, but vhat I have thought myself. To him the change :in: her: was. phe nomenal, but h was nriot a 'deep thinker and could' not.:detect the :action of , the spirit within. .Hoiw was he to know 'how much this handsome womanhad. suffered in times past, or how fictitious and hollow was.the mirth'she indulged in;.. Granted that she was lowly. born and had been lifted: up 'to 'a 'life of- luxury.: What' of' that ? "She:, had found, as many find, that what looked ;'so fair and palatable in the far distance was all .glare and glitter, the; fruit. all liusk, tie limpid waters bitter, and over all the oppressive pall that hangs above the for-. bidden thing. :: ,She might not, be.a .woman of, refined. thought, but slhe had hopes and. aspira tions like the best of women, The de velopment of. refinrement is a matter of association and culture. and the germ of it lies in- us all; . "There-is no sin in a °ioman being am bitious. The peasant:girl.mi iay aspire to become the wife of a duke, all foolish 'as it is, and do no wrong to herself:or others, if,she.does not suffer her, aspirations: to, lead'hefrdin th'e 'straighti road. : Unhappily'Ethiilie de. Liunay" was not so strong as imost of her 'sisters, but? even while she fell, she :~hoped, and. now.that she saw lafld' le; softer arid better dispo sition within her, hidden hitherto under the. mantle, of,secret care, came to::the! surface. ,,ShSe had not sinned: too',deeply,, for repentance and forgiveness. It would have been better for Lord Raidenstore ' if he'. could have rfefid:this wom'ariiight, even'if it'had enritailed some sacrifice of pride and position. It is men like' hiiriho"thin' lthat a'worman humbly, bori: is btit a iiy'to be picked lupan;d'cast' asidisat '!ill, and ',what: becomies' .f th' pretty' playthig: ithei'neither know, nora care to inquire.. - But the story ,ofthe; poor creatures,- the pretty 'mbothis who were so fond of the candle and flew;about until they got their, wings singed;, is 'oo well known and .too. oft repeated. T'here,?is?not' day-passes, in the great city of London withouit some hapless sister's weary 'spiit. is. b'eihg laid' down,'glad to'bE quit:of this world and its misery. ! ?,T1.>i T' - In lonely, ga'rets;in the public wards of the sick, they die, or seek oblivionin .ithi" bosom of the:dark.river. Alas! for the sin and misery of it.! :Anid:dwho! shall: wonder at. fraill:Emilie de Launay re joicing when she saw .land risitig out of the mist ? rShe: :was: willing :to obey " him: init all' thinigs, and was t as; tractable as a' ctiild.' When he asked her to go out with:bihilrto. dine at St. James's Hall she demurred a little solely.on iie'ground that shlieished to lead a quiet'life. 'I 'have :an engagement toiiceet twow friends;' he: said, ' elderly -fellows, ~'idsa quite different tho ihe old set.': ' She demurred no more; and tley weriti away to. dinet, meeting, the. two, broken down niedical mren;' knave~s or f'obls-it mattered not which so that thcydid.-their; wor?"lbolckii'g very different rin, neat, hired deveiiing dress to what.,they didaiii; the. morning in their faded clothes in tit?'ir dingy surgery dens.,(i ,?:. , , .r , , They did not' talklis inuhb;.'but "ate 'and drank with the resolute air of men. who see a' chance befort':tlem ithat ' ay not' be theirs again for'many a da.y Thlieymiht have spoken half-a dozen, times' to milie, but no more,: "Sl'a'e'ia idiffere'i't'i'"wihat they said.or,did, arid failed to notice, how oft thli.jeyes rested i'io'ii h~.::"'` :? ' After diseer the gentlemen left . her al6iie" fo[r ar',few`' -mintiee s:'?bb iord! Rsiden'storie camiie" backto' 'ber alone,. His two 'friends veie:' cceitrii' fellows, "l? totd-hier, Lnd'' had' g6nie 'hom'?y' :'ijt ilhe` had theI?e''r'ticficat'e tise l'hededi'lin ,i. pdcliet! find I for -all ::'h 'cai?ed tihey uimi' have gone anywhere. ' He took her toga -theatre, for. an-hour, theii'escorted her. ilibr?ikinid 'Parte'da i ith her'at the door. , .' i' .To-morrow :,he sasidi' we will go down,, tos aplace Iknow of,-;where ,locan make arragedamets, for,your ,happines, ,Good, night-dearest. The worda'ifucklin his tblroat, butshe d:id not notice it. She was too absorbed, in the nproee t of herlcomnm Nha ' ine' Y "5'he street'was'iiiet;i'afilt liftii "ipdj f fadkctbo h'is lshPi ref'i~ed a'iih'tl jud'&if; k iss . 't r". ri n .:. i d: vi a I O .: n ..' Good night, Raidy, de:il?';oi1" .a1I!a'I,;, 'Good night--Suupny-darlingH,'. It isrso easy tpogo down hill, and Lord Raidenstore had gone !too far tto ;stop. Each :mmnmeont m 'Jiaw himy lharden and bec;rome more, resoluteL.,jand .hisj. mainJ thought as he sauntered off to his club was odnde' of "congratulation6lithiatmall; this' acting.wvoild:soonhb, b over' v"":i i:;:i'leo' Early on the morrow he telegiaphedhtiit Gaunt House and gave the nearest post-, mnaster~iiwery triamf'p scros3?alie Yiith'a: ih to the sad, dismal house, where lhe was given some whisky' and ?ve?er; an addition al shilling .forhis tro uble, andca reply of' 'All will be ready.' "" By ?the llsiiist.trai'stht?i?nioht, juist' after the sun went sutnwent down, Lord,Raiden: store and the ('on? wh !o ;truisted lim station, where a.cuous,+.ol6d fashioned. phreton,, to ivilwihffiidsc liarnessi'edan oldli grey horse iawaited th?e ",A ' surly,: fitick set iai" sat^iontshe b"oa, -id 'he recognilsed the pairwitht"a.stifTsilent salute.1; ct ,; "As soon as they ,had.itaken ithieir seats! he lashed his horse and drove; off at: smart pace, ' , lhesunseaisunwas jsti.t lielow .tlh'onzoo, and a mighty hbank of dark cloud,:dismal: as a. pa?ll,,lshutd ouit the; after Iglowv.: iA solemn stillness r gneiredupoln:the: broad, marsh lane, no sound save the roll of the phl'ee ofwheelss:od she patter of i'h horse's lihoobls disturbed the air until Emilie. de-tiunsy->sp0ke.,m ? . u. :HooI\;quiet;dou are;, Raidy, d&i;'-' sle aId was thinking, he replied., ; . ", 'oi l3ii uid thin?,' sl said ightly' Ithat you were(taking me to :my grave instead of making the a happy woman..: 'To your grave ' he echoed, and the toneof his voice drew from hier a shbrie, sharp' exclamation of surprise. 'Raidy,' she cried, .'What does this mean ? are you deceiving mne?' ' He did not answer, and the alarm upon her face increased. ' Stop,' she cried,, I will go no farther with you. ' Go on,,coachman,' cried Lord Raiden store, hoarsely, throwing his strong arms around her. 'Drive for your life,' \- CHAPTrE XVI. The old?fashioned country fairs are fast dying away. For good or ill the heavy foot oftadvancing civilization is trampling them out; and six- legged calf, talkifig pig, and other pet exhibitions of our forefathers will be relegated to the shades of the des pised an'd lost, and the places, once so proud of them shill know them no"'more. But there are some institutions that die hard, and country fairs are one of them. ,The rustics are loth to let them go, and nurse and nourish them in their dying hours. Warblington is particularly rustic and especially loth to let go its hold of its fair, which is held in the autumn when harvest is over, and its people compara tively flush of money. . The principal promoters of these fairs now-a-days are the gipsies, whole-cast, half-caste, and doubtful caste, who, jackal-like, feast upon the remnants left by the lion Richardsons and Daylasses ofthe past, and at Warblington the gipsies in the, ear'iia which our story lies .were, paiticlt!l larly strong. FHarac and Lanah were there;with,, a sack of cocoa- nuts and wooden bowls for the public to' roll,'bowl or'pitch,' as they, pleased, and in.the outskirts of a' line' of dingy booths and shows they. shouted hoarsely. to the rustics to try their luck. Some fifty yards beyond the groundi.tihey had fitted up was the van belonging to. Countycella, and within it she sat with' two men,'Hugh Egerton, and his ,broiher Nesbitt. . . . .The door was a divided one,: and .the upper. halt was open.' Countycella sat by it looking out with a grave, contemptuous face, uttering no word:. Hugh, and 'Ne: bitt seated at,the far end;"well out of the sight of anyone b"issing by, were whisper ing; together. :: 'So "she .bids you hope at.last,'s'aid Hugh, wiith i sigh. Yes,'"replied Nesbitt, ' we are gradually getting near the coast, where we may._get a fislierman to run us over to France. If I sere stronger IFzwoid ld niake .the effort noiv. We could acover the =intervening: ground in a day and night.' S!The effort might be fatal to youi, and is not to be thought' of for a'monieit.' ' What if it is fatal?,you would be ridl of your burden ?n'the i .' :' 'Why will you always speak in that way, Nesbitt ? Have. I ever madteyou a iarden.' I God reward you for your kindness and; devotion. Hugh.' .: i ' Besides, you fborget,' said Hugh with ai weary sigh, ' that I..am..now one of you., Otily on condition of taking the oath ofi the tribe.and becoming"one ,of. them wvas] I permittedlto remain. .In this land' my: life would not be worth a week's purchase; if I left them.' IWhy did you not leave me?' asked Nesbitt, bitterly; : 'Every. day: I reproach; m)yself with being the cause of your ruin.': iNo mor'e 'ofit, I beg. Be silentf for one of those rascals is'at the door.' It was.Harac, and he ;was speaking to Counttcella' id.tones of quiet. but :urgent entreaty-sbe listening with an impertur badle lace? I 'Why don't you 'come out;' he;was say ing, 'and .do abit of fortune-telling ?- You couldLLdriw 'a pound 'while 'our othler woimen are drawing a shilling. ' i' SI'am'not comding,' she said.' S' There are a lot of young farmer sparks in the. fair,' urged Harac,:;:' and, .some. regular swells who :would listen to syou. They, like .a. pretty; face... Servant girls believe more in our old womeri.n - SI am not coming,! saidCountycellia' .again . ' I suppose ydou know that money is running short:? "said Harac, fiercely? "' ! The natural'consequence of drink and riot,Ishe.returned. 'There was a time,' he said, -changing his tone to a softer sne,";when you were our-hope.' Dob-you remember what our, imotiher said:of.you ?!'. i ',What mitter?, She is dea-d. ' : 'But her words, live in my heart, :he: said, fiercely, ' and I know why it is that they ?are not .fulfilled. You have given yourself to ihe :hbuise dwreller ! :He stands before yoIur tribhe' :. l ; ... o' Ify?ou thikti 'so say sob;she replied .' SIf he were gone, replied Harac, lower in?. his voice,;? you iwould'lfil;. our motbher's' prophecy and bring wealth to us.: i! Don't forget,' said Countycella; c-altnly, ' tha?lie 'foietold I should bring wealth or Harac .ground; his teetb,..and his. dark eyes flashed:;but :these signs ofrage :had nooeffect udpon"Countycell. ' "" i'You are wasting tour time here she satidh .,aGov-back i-to '.your: petty :game. Wiyshould Laiah do:all the ivork?' : i Hi'nedffiu gpiol 'his heel a'sloice'd look df a deeply dangerous minui·n. ' ... C ontycellsIt ada ie bbl'it'i't the bobidr't'i? leafni'inger}elbaw 'djadiiff'ih'h lif-'dbooi'til'd' resting icr headtiidupo'n hehand.au, j :" SYcu ,heard him ?'she said. Most "6f'hath't: hii' iedplied:Nesbitt, WVhy:ishealways .pestering ;you: to:exer f ise thatlabominable calling ?'. J, ,: ":'a: i ' Because he is'a Romany, and lookS:til th ? me:nvtio9i t bring him s'noieyyand"e~e' Tiihlitsh'iie' carries burdens :and?goes out to lie and fawi upori gaping?t;fools'for nioney)o give himn drinkis'.iiot 'sifiuci?ni -you4see he demanid thit hIis sise'rter dgso' likewise, even as our mother; didsupitio lhe hour of her death. 'r . d,Biut.you-shouldinever do it" saidtNes bitt, sa grily'..'.: ,'..-?:i . . . , no i 'It is tiine rwe. miide, an, effo~rtti get sway, ?t?id Contilt?illa, quie?ly ' Would" your, brothers:''harmn .you ~: asked,,Hugh. . ;: ; ; :: !. .: i.".'rPlirc is :niisclhief woirlki in ": Hirad and Lanah, and that means mischief ii the twhole tribe, .-,They are the: leaders.. What I-Iarae :and Iansah says i's to. be done-is: 'dcine.t They ar-e ttie binding power of lthb?t?ietrib. ' 'And if they were biroken? asked Nesbitt- iiiquiringly. .' : .. -' 'Our"Vpeople would fall iaway likd a broken butidle of' straw and would be scattered far.and wide.' SThere was a silence. The words of Countycella were of deep import to the listeners, and Nesbitt and Hugh with a ariation in their line of thought were' ihinking;': Nesbitt's thoughts ran titus: . i'If these iwo men are the bibdisi, pser-aind get broken-otherwise kIilled; and this tribe be scattered, would not Hugh and I be free?' b.And Hugh's mind put this problem before him : S'Could I by any stratagem get those two men into the clutches of the law? The.tribe without them would not act, and we should have ample leisure to arrange our plans and get away. Neither oe them had a disloyal thought towards .ountycella, for dark and passion* ate as her soul was, her love for Nesbitt was a thing past the love of women. For him she was prepared to sacrifice every thing--all family ties, her people, and her life, if need be. Nesbitt had always loved her, and Hugh's old repugnance had died away and given place to admiration and respect. Apart from the reverence her sterling devotios inspired, her beauty was not with out its power on Hugh. The well-formed, regular features, the rich dark hue of her. skin, the full red mouth, the glistening' white teeth, and above all, the lustrous. eyes, changing with every thought and.re flecting every varying light, were things that no man could be entirely insensible to. If.he could not love be must at least admire. S'I guess 'your- thoughts,' she- said, suddenly, '.'but it connot. be done-as, well tiy to bid:the sleeping panther as,to fall upon thetnin secret.' : 'Mine was a cruel thought,' replied Nesbitt,- ' theyare your'brothers ?' Countycella made; a gesture of indif ference, mingled witlh contempt; I ;.I'have no brothers-no tribe,' slie'said L-'inothing but--you:. I .have no room in myl heart' for m.niore;'. ' I)ear.Countycella, 'said Nesbitt, draw ing near-to her so that he could -take her hand 'truest atid most loving of w'omen.' ' If you were false to me- ' she said with a, fierce light in her eyes:, - SWhat wvould yodu do.?' said Nesbitt seeing'that she pa;used: If would kill youibotih she said, with an, indiscribable' mi.vemeit 6f the lie ad' thatiidicatdiced'botl to 'ean.',him - and 'some possible rival, and then tear 'myself to- pieces as a punishment for having killed you ' . Nesbitt smiled, and stooping" dbwn touched' her--hand with his lips -with-' a courtly grace that would have been pleas ing to any woman, and truly grateful'to her. who had seen the women of: her:. people used as beasts of bnrden. ' If there are many house dwellers like you,' she said, 'your women are fortunate.' :The day passed on, and except to par:' take of a frugal meal Countycelly never stirred, and the brothers remained prison ers, watching as only imprisoned souls can watch for liberty in the night to come. Then they could go forth and, breathe theb fre'slikar:: By day, when halting in public, places, HFarac and Lii-?' forbade them to leave the van, and. would, give no. reason for their restriction: . . - I -'-It is enough,' said Harac, ' that-I--am at ..the head, of the tribe and you areof my people. r.'Obey'r ',Better do it,' advised Countycella;, b'ear fodi.awhile with" him.' , The night came at last with awstarlit, peaceful sky above: and naptha lamps and coarse' revelry below. The jingling of bells,.beating of gongs and hoarse shout ingsriade the place intolerable to Hiugi: who turned from-the. scene and strolled towards-the country. .. . As Hugh hastened away a man came. oit of the shadow of a house opposiie aind took the same-road, unnoticed by Nesbitt or his gipsy wife. . ... It was the Duke of Blacklern, who had with tle 'aid .of: agents found out Hugh's biding-place, and had been swaiting hours to get him alone.-- With joy .he saiw him descend :frim t!ie 'van, :and after.a :few vords 'ina low tone vith his' companions .n';ke fortheis:' ntry . i ',I.cotild desire-niomore,? ? ih?' ht the duke, as he followed swiftly and silently' with a hea'vy~ hunting-crop?- ini his; liand. Once iisuficientlyl, removed, from:.- the people to be- safe from interruption iand He did not finish the sentence. Hugh Egerton was to die' or to be so beaten that life should be a: biurdeni tob:.him;_. There was to be no pity for -and no quarter shown Jto; the man -who .had .brought', dishonour on the House of Blackfern. i Hfei~i?walked on, little thinkingl ofj.ihe danger behind -him; nor would he perhaps have:caredd much for it if hei hadi knownin HIgh was getting weary"f, :hisi lo't and.wished..to ilay: down his- life-and bavedoine with it for ever and aye.-'':It ist a feeling common with tilhe young: when carking care steals ohn them all'too' eialy. :They.cry aloud, ';I cannot bear more let it end. Merciful lHeaven' I!'gi've mei oblivion I'.But with a 'fetw exceptions they bear on and gain the knowledge that ffrom' pain,comes the purest and greatest joys.`, { Witness the agony and joy of thiatgreat inystery-the birit6h- %of-'-abf child I! In suffering- is"it- brought" fo rth, but- the inoment the light shines'on' ts young life ihen a flood of joy comes $down on the inother's heart, and! the- pain?is iforgotton, Thder?&utst; eed b'e darknes'sso?hSit'haSe may know the' lighti ., a:.. -s .-;-,! - 3,iI 'Hugh -could -see no look-outs Tram?seIs:were around him ,jlichs5oild4 ionly ? ie 'shake °off'by exer?i~e, angd t-or himself there was: "'io"joy - abroad. -He cared not:'twot:straws:- fortthe rndeivl-life promised, and he was only going for Nes bitt's sake:L;:i.'j ;i~a . -t SOlilhi?strts above me !' he cried, stretehing his artisupiarls; 'sur'elyutlir'e is-peace- in your?bosoms. Draw me-up; mtoju"0 ta a"wa ihi..!s ,ff) allt ! lesorrow of A strong~ grasp;:waalaid. upon his shoulderq ad he felt himself syun. round'fpy no ceremooiuhd 0There, jwa.open5 groundiaround him,ha, jbtf'a, common,gand'i llght,!etiough ,about: ifor him to see that it was none of:the glp ese whtohad broken'up ioiin" hiiais"melancholy ,'mVhoi isit'?he, asked-.e, In ,:, in;m STheki.luke of _Blacklern,' wtsvas' - the ,zAiastrangle placend'a strange h nourtin which tonmeet,y0urgtace I'. ' The'darki'l?ihour thii bitter for. the worlk:I~i '" ?iod'- Hugh Egeiton1 dvier& is's?? 'siit'e' ? Hve,. you d?ared :io lrag her,down 'jo the companuonship of hose savages ?- .' ....... : 'You speak in riddles,' said Hugh, with composure;I..' Iknow nothing of'the .wh- eribbuos'Of-Lsdy Pearl, - - -" ' Don't- lie I' cried the duke, hoarsely, inow that you-are so near death.' ' Is it so-?' asked Hugh, unmoved. ' AiL! I have come to kill you ' replied the duke. -.. '..Do.what you please, but still I say. -I kniodsn?thing.of the whereabouts of Lady Pearl, save that I have believed hier to be htDuimbedikes. i 'I'Ecrtorit I beg of you to tell me where ' .Has she left Dashwood's place ?' :. 'A week ago, and nothing been heard of:he,?ince m ?' jN',othing.' i Believe me, duke,' said Hugh, in an agitiati?d voice,.'there is some mystery .inm this which I know nothing of. I ha-ie' hot seen Lady Pearl for eight days.' ' You were in the habit of meeting her then ?' ' We met several times.' 'That is no answer; you followed her down to Dumbedikes to keep an assigna tion.' ' I was there before her, knew nothing of her comning,r and our first meeting was an accident. I rescued her from the hands of that ruffian, Sir Charles Friarly.' SDare you libel a friend of mine?' 'I speak tihe truth. IHe offered her :iolence in the wood; I rescued her.' 'This sounds like an idle story,' said he duke, impatiently. 'I have only your word for it. What were you doing down by Dumbedikes ? Who are those gipsies with whom you are linked ?' ' Duke,' said Hugh, after a pause, ' the e?ilanation you demand is your righif;'`I will give it you,. Shall we move on ?. It is better.to talk as we go.' ' Not towards your vagabond friends,' said the duke. 'I warn you not to trifie with me;' 'Choose a path,' said Huglh, coldly, and I will take it; or -if you desire to shoot me -= SN, 'Egertonh, I mean to beat'thie life out of you-to thrash you like-a dog.' ` Oh, s"aid Hugh, drily; ' I might have objected to that; but',ve will talk of that anon Now .choose your path.' ,iThe .duke turned his back.to the- red lights of the fair-and walked slowly on, with his head down, while Hugh related his sory. First le spoke of his younger: brother, of the -promise he had made to help him through-all trouble, to be his firm friend, and' howa that promise had involved him in the Romany nest from which he could see no escape'except by flight abroad. '' Andyou think they would really kill you ?' the duke said, incredulously. A !A.Ay, and Nesbitt too,' replied Hugh; i it is of him I think more than myself,' and it would be done in such a way that it coidld not be brought home to them. Ve should simply disappear. But enough on'this>head, duke, I now come to what bears,more -on your coming here-my love foir'lady Pearl, and-what. has passed between us.'.' " :: : '1 SHe was thoroughly open in the stiry of his love. .-From. the first he had felt her influence and yielded perforce to it. 'To'tworship her is to live,':hes:aid, and I am but 'as other men.' The'iimeeting -in the 1irk he spoke of ivith aglow in his heart, for it recalld ito him the first great 'glad sensation that swept through his veins when he tnew that Pearl loved him, and he confessed that he was led'to. press his suit. 'I should have called,' le said, 'but Nesbitt, my brother, met with a accident and was believed to be dying. So I came to him and was glad I came, for reflection bade ,me recognise,the injustice of linking Pearl's'life to mine.' ' 'You appear to have. had some lucid intervals,' said the duke, grimly. 'Rare:to those who love as I do,' re turned Hugh. 'I would have kept out of her, road, but the invisible power that guides all things brought us together-.on the Essex marches. We met again and again,~ilauching our boat on the torrent and going whithersoever it chose to carry us. I know that I for a time.cared little whither I was going.' ' Caring as little for her as'for yourself?' '.Duke; there you wrong me. -It was the honesty of my love that checked our flight.' We had arranged to go; and but one night remained before our going. I la'ydown under the stars to think'of what this world calls my happiness, but I found no.realijoy in it. The present refused to remain witb'h me and the future thruit itself forivard in a way tlhat 'demanded recognition.:. . s' saw Pearl in after years,' he went on, speaking inhis earnest tones;' cast out from.all who knew her, I perhaps, dead; and,she holding my:memory, as in justice she might have done, in reproach. ' To misery and poverty have you brought me,' ishe 'as saying,; and see I im alone, numbered among:the friendless and the outcast.' The vision, or thought, or what you might;call it,twas as impressive.to me as a wanriingfroni the dead, and I resolved to abandon-our projected fight.' 'But you had made an appointment;; you-w?eretto:meet again ?' ' It was so, duke, but I would not go to that meeting, and nmade arrangements to send a trustwoithy messenger with a note early, in:the niorningeto 'be' given -her as soon as she set forth from.the house. I knewithat she so6iild be billterly .angry ,iiaiima'e, miht 'pssibly, nay, -probably, sintinterpret my motives and 'think sme false,tbut even that would be better than to"lead' -ids:'fiio riiiin :anid disgiface. I hoped that the consciousness of having done.right:would sustain une n I- ' iThere was a ,silence,, the two men walking on, the' oner'still looking down and the'other vith head erect;, strong in his true love and honesty. The silence was:abroketiby the'duke. `'Egerton,' lie said, , I have done you a gross 'injustice,. and ,my. wrong-headedness has piut*nie for days 'oil'thie right scent. It may be too late nois to save her., . 13? t, surely; pk uý'do.i dot ,think.,cthat' arm has befallen' her 2' said Hugb.;-' on raceipt b'ofmy leuter._he iay .''havd left Dumbedikes'd'in: angert to. godto& iile friends- .'.... ..- . S'gerton irsaidthe Iulke, !,Pearl'never received your note. Of that I am con-; vin€e~dir Se', lie iS"efsire n t''"t;' hand to us an hour after her flight. I will ligla taper so.,that you ;mayread-it..... ;y ' "There was no wind, and the wax taper burned steadily, wvhile Hugh with a livid face scanned the lfiesjof farewell. 'writt?en' bf Pearl: The mystery, of ,her disap pearance appeared unfaithbmalile. ' And nothing mdre was seen. of her, duke?,,.- - .; , I. I '." Nothing!' . ,.,1 . - " 'She did not leave b the railwvay ?' Y.-.hiee was no tr in:." ," et..--; ::.. ' And ,you have scoured the,country round ?' -'"All that could be done hlias been donrie" She has'left us; and we are iiow without 'i lrace'of the road she has taken.' - - 'A horrible thought has laid hold of hne,' said Hugh, in a hollow voice and shaking like an aspen leaf. . ' My messenger - may have have missed hler nistil after she had sent the letter back to Dumbedikes, and then - then - oli; HtIegven have mercy on me, -how,vshall 'I bear--' 'I. se .i'hit' you mean, Egerton' "aid he "dike', tiembling too, 'we nei~ir thouglit'if thit.' . . -' 'There are dykes and ditches where she might, lay down 'the swiveet life that I have blasted. Let us go and seek her ihehi, and. when we have found her, kill inme ilechisby inch, and I'll not defend my. self. There is no suffering too great tsr in.j de'serts'-. . ii, diBut youcannot leave here, said the duke gloomily: ?'Did you not tell me that you are bound:to these people ?' . curse'upeon their bonds,' said Hugh, I break them. W\Ve must go back now now-there is not a moment to be lost.' 'Can we get from here to-night ?' said ihe duke. 'Thire is an up train that stops at Barnby some time between eleven nod twelve. What is thie titie now? I have no watch.' The duke struck a light and looked at his watch. It was nearly half-past ten. SI-ow far is Barnby from here ?' the duke asked. 'Nearly four miles.' ' We must hurry then. Do you know the way ?' ' It is a.straight road.' ' Lead the way then. I have left two private inquiry men behind me at the inns but I daresay they will make themselves coinfortable for the night. I can telegraph in: the morning for them by return.. Go on, Egerton; don't forget that I am a good walker as well as yourself.' • Hught made no reply, but fell into, the, quick, swinging. stride of the piactised' athlete and, haunted by the:vision:of a. loved form lying in a dank; narrow dyke; with the sweet, still face turned up to tie blue arch of heaven, he:strode in silenice in the direction of Barnby station: CHAPTER'XVIi.": .:Only a man blessed with very strong nerves'could have lived in comfort and in a state bordering on loneliness, as D-. Sabotson did, at Gaunt House. If, the exterior was gloomy and. for bidding the interior was doubly and trebly. so-dark stair-cases, ill-lighted rooms, mysterious corners, and a pervading aroma of the supernatural being its chief. features. A misanthrope with the power and will to build a house in consonance with his morbid mind would have con structed such a place..... But Dr. Sabotson was not in'that way an impressionable man. ' He was 'mortal, and had his cravings, passions .and desires, but he had no fear of tbdhsuper-' natural, simply' because he did not:believe in it; °. He belonged to the school which have attempted to make the world believe that man is little more than a pinch of. phosphorus and a bucket of water,' capable irn its organic arrangements of certain' sen sations' agreeable and otherwise, set in motion like:a wound-up watch, to go a certain time and then stop for ever. S-The fool hathssaid in his heart there is no God,' and Sabotson was one of those fools.L 'Whatever ordinary fear or dread of death lie may have felt he attributed to an :involunitarily neivous contractioh' of the diaphragnm,"and occasionallj-' thoiight: it a' mistake in the construction of min for him to:have a diaphragm at all, "Notwithstanding this he was capable of loving as animals love, and had passions that give him a' great deal of troublg, inainly because he had not the means to gratify them. 'he' great object of his life was to amass money as speedily as possible, and then spend it in the 'gratification of his' desires, and it troubled him not b little to find the best years of his life slipping away' and he still nuimbered 'among" the cum-' parative poor. ' This thought was in his mind as he sat in a room he had chosen for "his special. use-an apartment in' the southern wing wherein the sun shone when" the day was fine, a snug, retired retreat; ivith a strong door on each side that' bolted and barred would have kept a dozen men an hour at bay. Oneof'these doors communicated with the' house, the: other with the neglected'gardei.' : It was getting dark without;: but bc had: no lamp, preferring the -glo"om"io: irssist him in the due enjoyiment of a good.cigar: and a bottle of wine, things he did not often indulge in utnless his'day's work'was: done or when'ihe was sure of being, iudis turbed. SWine,' he would say, ' is the friend of man, 'but it will. turn upon nim whsenit gets the chance, aiid" play himie into 'the bands of his foesa. .Wine and 'women are things for a lone life. In this world'trust them not.' :::.: The gloom deepened and he knew the sun had gorne down, bit he ouldstill :see' his bottle and: glass,' and he' moved'not-in ' his easy-chair; nior did he' stir' iintil 'he heard the big bell at the oiter gate clang: ing. Sooner than I expected, he uttered; by, hialf an :-hour. Crewel' must have diiven that liorse off its legs; coinfound: him.: : -- . - He got up deliberately lighted' a small lamp, and-. passed ;throtigh a'. series' of passages opening and shutting many doors behind him until he reached the hall' ivhere damp and mould ran' race t' riist' the'armour'and'ruin the pictures scattered about. Her'ehe set down the ilamp and went out. 'In' two minutes be was back again,' bringing: with"him Crewel, .'the driver of the cairidge, and Lord Raidcnstore. bear. ing a womiian boiind' hand and foot and gagged, It was the unhappy' Emilie' de: Launay--alias the Sunflower-and at one time' siimply Jane -Smith,; with 'her eyes glistening with ,helplessu'fury, outraged trust; and hop0eless despair Of 'all'things ih'at'she" hatd looked forwaid to as the end of her nistaken life, she had not dreamt I ord'Rai; enstore liad sllffered in 'thei striggle, for iere Crewel?could come to his s?sistanice thel'iad'denied Eiiilie .h'ad, set tlie:iecord of a wloinan's anger upoi': hini;" and-his h'~idsomnie' acewas scored by hler jails'?ind bruised by her hands and so'dis figured by blbod that he looked, more like a ntian'who lid'iuri :ihe :gauntlet of.an indignliant tmiobithan a'man who had sim ply been strugglig with a single woman. iHal' I' see,' said "ihe 'doctor, grimly, .you' inisarranged affairs a little.' 'She woke up:siiddenly, confound her,' said Lord Raideiistore, ' and fell upon me like fifty furies.' Creivel, ai: big,: burly mang, with 'the mi'scles "of' a gladiator, grinned': irid` appeared to look uponi' te .affair a'.anri excellent' joke until 'the doctor turned upodhinim and iinquired after the lhorse. I"' psipose'you have broken its .ivirid?' he 'said!':: ... SI:vi,:asobliged to' come along' hastily, Crewel :sid;r' sirlilt.y' I .could'nit 'tell' who' haiithiv? hav heaird her'icr'eami?'s' . :' Bring':herit6 my 'iooinm,' saidi t'he dodc toi',' 'then'go'aisnd look after your hibrse' Sgive hini a rub ddokn' and's bran '?, ash." i ' They cisrridd Emilie, with iio' signs of life but 'those' gleaining eyes, to the doc tor's ioom, where they liid herona 'scouch iti "a "~o0rner,: iand C ewel 'wasudismised.: Lord 'Raidenstore, with a w.retchel d woee begone expression, asked if tlieretwas any: place where he could have a wasti. "The doctor pointed to a basin 'nd 'eier in the' corner, without removing his .eye's froh' the new patient, wiho in 'ler tuin, never removed her glSeaming 'orbs fio'e I oid Raidenstore. 'I may as well tell yon, my dear :dchild,' said the doctor, soothingly,' ' thit"it:is i: use screaming here. ' There is'nobody;io' pay any heed to you.' So saying he removed the gag, formed of a piece of wood, wrapped round with a handkerchief, and tossed it into the grate. Emilie de Ltunay did not speak nor did she look at him. For one man alone had shte eyes. 'And you musut not think that we are going to do you any harm,' contitued the doctor, in an uncrtuous, oily manner, 'You will have a very comfortable home here if you will conform to our rules,' Still not a word, and the doctor, satis flied with hlving done his duty, turned to Lord Raidenstore, who had removed the stain from his face but looked very little the better for it. If he had been pitched head first into a fence of thick brambles he could scarcely have had so .many scratches. ' You will have to put me up for a day or two, Sabotson,' he said, turning his back upon his victim, '.I can't show: in society with such a face as this.' ! ' Crewel shall drive you to a quiet inn,' returned the doctor, ' where. you can tell what cock-and-bull story you please. I' cannot allow anybody to remain here, ex cept my assistants and patients. I will, howerver, give you some ointment'that will- make a wonderful difference to-you in a few hours.' " • ; He brought some out from a jar, gave Lord Raidenstore a little to put upon his face, and filled a box for him 'to take away. All this time his lordship did .not look.at the hapless Sunflower and she did not remove her eyes from him. ' Have a glass of wine,' said the doeS tor. ' You must want it.' Lord Raidenstore drank a couple of glasses 'and then 'the doctor' tried the patient, but she refused to open her clenched' lips at his bidding. She did nothing but stare at the man who had so cruelly shattered her hopes, the man who had hung upon her. words and kissed her a thousand times. . ' -: i Creel soon came back to see if there were any'orders for him before he turned in, and the doctor asked him if he could carry tlhe ptient away with'ot assistance. ' 'A dozen like lier,' was the ansswer;' S.' Put her in the room we have tempo rarily padded,' said the doctor, 'and see there is nothing for her to use;' : ' Dcii't be afeard, doctor,' said Crewel,' ivith a laugh., 'She won't do herself any harm. The mischief she means is for others.' ' ' ' " " : He tokblher up as if she haid been a child 'and carried her out with those fixed eyes anid silent tongue, "far more terrible than' the wildest shrieks and the most awfulithreats coudild have been. . ' On,: my 'word,: doctor,', said Lord Raidenstore, ..'I am 'awfully sorry ' I' entered into this business. : ' . 'You: can have tiher released if you like,' was the cool reply. : ' Release her now,' said Lord Raiden' store, with a shudder. ,' What would mny. life be worth, do you think ?'. ' i; ' ''That is not my; business, my tlord, Have you brought the certificate ?': " ' It is here.'. ' ' SThe doctor 'took the paper, examined it very carefully, and locked it away in a drawer with a nod of satisfaction that indicated All' 'A EN:.REGcE here. ,I am quite safe.' '. .. ''. ' ; 'You .can spend the night here,' said the doctor. ' Have a little sleep on the couch. :'I shall be 'reading and shall not disturb you.' , " / On that couch? No,' replied Lord Raidenstore. 'I'll sit in this chair if you ivill let me have 'the fire lighted and give nie a bottle of wine.'. .' i 'W\Vhatiwill you have ?' S'Anything that vwill smother thoughtt :Hark! who. was that screaming?' ' :'Not your paierit. : I have one who is very violent and. screams halt the night. Your friend is too, murderous to make much'noise.'.. ' Lord Raidenstore shivered, and, hastily filling a glass .with wine,, drank it 'off. The horror known to the haunted man was .taking possession of him. ' .' If you really want to sleep,' said the doctor, presently, ' I can give you some thing that will keep you quiet until the morning.' ' ' Give me something that will keep me quiet for ever if you like,' was the reply, I 'No, I won't do that,' said the doctor, takinig down' a bottle fronim a shelf, 'as I never do gratuitous acts. There's your dose-seven dropsi and you will not think of much bef.re daylight. . Lord Raidenstore took the small' glass tendered him and eyed it curiously before. he drank the colourless contents. ;' Who'would think it?' he said.' 'An' overdose would kill me, I suppose ?', : 'And in three days leave no trace,'.vwas. the answer. 'Sit down. It will: soon w ork .' ", - . , "., ' IHis lordship sat down in the chlair'arid in;a fewseconds was unconscious. Doctor Sabotson examined his face and raised the eyelids with professional "criosity, then' took down a book, turned up .the lampl, and quietly entered upon .his night's reading. ' . : O'n that evening': something of ' a" mysterious nature had happened" to Meg Dashwood. She had seen a ghost,'iand how sucih an uninvited thin" came beneath: her ken one must 'tke a. little tiiea ' in telling. S.IBeing wooed by a .rich. baronet;, how ever ?satisfactory- in "a .'monetary 'sense,. brought her viery little liajppisiiesm indeeJpd, hone at all.. The':i emory ofcariieleql Barnet.Claverly-wu .isoo strong .within her: for the attention of Sir Charles Friarly 'to be released.. -. :: : '- "' ' -: S'Di'ring; the 'past day or two ihe had become :very decided. in. his attention; upon- her, and an. early' proposal' was inevitable. The colonel .and Lucy both saw it, and' Meg shuddered as slie found the dreaded hour draw near. ' Mayn't' I refuse him, Lucy?' she, pleaded' in the morning,, as the sisters walked in tihe garden . , i ;Toommy Dray.was with the colonel :in the stables, and they were alone. "..".:;'·: I ""if 'you 'do;'d replied Ducy, 'I yii ma~y never get; another chanc-ceurtaisly; not one:so good.' :*'.;: . ;, ? ;. :-: - : ci.f :: 'So good !' repeated Meg, 'shruggiiig her "shoulders. : ''Oh I why- is" Bet "so p oo r ?'. . .... .- ,, .- , ,.,?.: .. . . . ; !'It:is folly to think of that,' said Lucy. 'It is'just on the cards that you are out ofhlis head by this time.' S.' Oh ! don't say that .Lucy; . ! '.My.dear.child, he's'in the hands of the Jews, and his breakup is inevitable. A man worried by debt cannot think even of his sweetheart unless she happens to be under his nose. Don't throw away your chance.: "Take 'time by the what's-his namrie'lock' "Don't 'dawdle about and lose the ride.' - ', "I suppose you are right,' said' Meg, ruefully. 'He wants me to go for- a ride Lwith him'to-day.' .... . ' .Then go.'.. .. ' S'-If you'think I mustt--'- . :, S'Meg,''yeu are too tryirng. Do you waint to t die'ir old':maid'?' ? "' i . : v. ; Is it the burinig desire 0ol your. heari to - marry :a man' who can't: give you a mutton chop for dinner if he: has to pay for it?' .. . - 'Of course it isn't.' ' 'Then go with Sir Charles, and if he says Will you have nmy thousands a year, let yes be your answer. If you could marry Bet Clave'rly nobody would be more pleased .than your loving sister; but you can't, and there's an end of it.' ' I suppose,' sighed Meg, ' that I must obey the decrees of fate.' ' If by that you mean that you are to marry well when yon have the chance, of course you are. We are not girls ou sen. timent.' ' We don't profess it,' said Meg, with a shrtig,' buit we can be dreadful spoons as wellsas other people. It is quite sicken. Ing to see you with that donkey, Tommy. He is getting spoilt by being so long in the stable. Send him away to grass.' ' Meg,' said Lucy, ' how dare you !' ' You can say'hard things of Bet, Lucy, and of: Sir Charles too, but I must not open my'mouth about that ninny.' ':The ninny has been 'very kind to you,' said Lucy.-': : 'i So he has', said Meg .melting, 'and I am. ery sorry. It' is irritating to think thartone is "obliged 'to marry the wrong man. .- Forgive me, Lucy.? !Of course,'., said Lucy readily, and having kissed each other, the storm blew over.' It was only a little tempest in a teapot after all. Sir Charles and Meg did not start for their drive until after luncheon, for Meg made -made all'sorts -of excuses to ward off the dreaded hour' when she knew the words would be spoken and her fate sealed. -She was in the position of those unhappy persons who; suffering from a raging toothache, ':with no prospect of peace,i-keep putting off their .visit to ila dentist until tinhe last moment and then maltkea desperate'pliinge and' get it over, Whether like them she will. rejoice when it is over remains to.be seen. It was :i fine,. hot autumn afternoon wheni the '.ir is laden wiith an insidious -warmth which lures mny, people to go out thinlyiclad had linger: about -until eve suddenly-comes- upon them with a chill breath and: sends thein home shivering, Mossy banks witih; plenty, of moisture ready to:.be made into dew just beneath the surface invite the thoughtless to come and sit down and: layihn a good stock of rheumatisni for their old age, and the sky, with warmth- in the horizon, ,smiles upon the world:, as if, it :could never call up angry storm's bf snow wbhirling before the bitter blast. - - . - t .,Truly a deceitful :day, as false as the heart of the man who rode by:the side of iMelg uttering hisb "well chlsen, felicitious pisrases, which ,would :have been much sweeter if she could hIave, wiped away all memory of the debt-boilnd guardsman, 'They aere aiway: until- past five o'clock -close upion six,r -in, fact-when they came.riding;home, Meg a little in advance of her compationw with a loose rein and general doni'tccarcif-I:do-break my-ncck look aboui her.: Sir Charles was placid, but not by any means triumphant, and Lucy, who watched their srrival.fiom behind the curtains of her room, could make'noihing of ihe parr. -' It' doesn't look like a' Yes,' and most certainly'. not' a ' Noj'' she murmured, !Perhaps' Meg hias inot 'given him his chance-. S:Meg came running 'upstairs with a recklesness only warranted by long use of the riding habit, and plunging into her sister's room sank.into a chair, ý' Ohl fie upon you,' said Lucy, 'not to give himn the ',chance of whispering one word toyou in tnhe corridor.' S.'Such. a horrible thing has hapnpened,' said Meg, tirning;her face to Lucy, who saw now that tinder the heat produced by the quick ride ho?u thliere lay the pallor of fear. '-And I am afraid you will laugh at me. ' - 'A horiible thitig I I laugh, Meg ? What do, you"mnieii'?'. asked ?Lucy, : Meg unfastened her hat and put it on a cbaii, :tossed her -gloves into it, and with eyes wide open with real terror, said in a whisper: .. Lucy,:I've seen a ghost;.. ., Nonrsense child. Ours doesn't walk' at all" in'.nmy'belief, and if it doesrit is far too.respectable:and:well ibeliaved to':walk in the day,time. ' ' . 'I am iot:talking of our ghost, but of one I liave seeen in " the wood-a real ghost., Oh !. hbow 'hoirible' it'was, I shall never dare to sleep alone again.' i ' Why, 'Meg,;; you are really terrified,' said Lucy ;: Let mie give you a little sal volatile,:a few droprs-' :' Noi thank-you,: Lucy.. :- I am better nowi, and I can: speak of tlie thing. Let nie tellfyoui all.about it Sit close to me, Lucy, as:I don'it wisih?to 'alk too .loud.' ticy,i rapidly getting as nervous as. her Sister; complied, nad Meg in a ,low tone began Ier ,tory,;,. ".Yout?can guess. w?at tfook place up to a certaini. point:!Chiarlesoarid I rode .cut an'd 'heled:tie wa'yy to- the wood, Then he suggested thiat we should dismount and give oura horses arest.:.aII agreed-wh'at else could :I: do'?-and: he tethered the hobisesto a, iredeand:'iynvited me to sit d;owns'hon sthe root 6of -an old oak tree. Agais? I passively, o6eyed. As it .was to be I!vould. let iti be? ,and :now .that:the piincih"ha'd cone ge?it over ? is quickly as sle continud,' loaweriogi, ervoice a lit'le ifsit'? 0ahi'd' benifigd/ ivnig"down' sthat the; briefly descrilje th ,spot :whiert 'dw e ? ., Its's bori;the-outskirtsof th'e wood,where ? ih:edydl liairsu.by the side-for 'airhile; thein brks wy to the right: , Oni the bank f thie dyke is 'i ciump of bushis, helisehd the bushes the main body of the wood. The hbioss'vei eelethered on:oui right, and we sat Wi our backs tho t is? ace facing the b u s in e s s . .i ; - . -? m Iknow tlie siot well,' said Lucy..' GC I m-ust il. ifest iiS that :'Sir Charles is a man ih??oi fows how to rid.e straight to given poini,' Mdg'continued, ' there is no baliting hy the way, no preliminary rests. Hle told-me that he loved me and asked me to be his wife-' i; Meg paused and glanced apprehensively round the room, now gettinog dimn, for it faced north and the sun was well behind the house towardsesetting. Lucy put her hands in hers, and encouraged she went on : ' Mindful of what you told me I ati prepared to answer yes. Sir Charles in pressing his suit had turned so that his back was to the wood and facing the plain HIe was looking into my lace for an answer, and I, iot caring to look at his, glanced over his shoulder and saw the-tne-Lady Friarly who is dead and buried ! -' Megl!' S'"It wvws there, white and painful terriblc-- akful to look upon-well deined and yet too misty to be of this world. Slieswas looking straight at me, and held Up a Wivarning finger. I stared at her, feeling .like one frozen, until the vition slowly sank or faded awvay, I cannot tell which, and then I swooned.' 'You were necrvous and excited-' TO BE CONTINUED. Printed and pullilhod by Thomaus Danil, ~:I iroprisitr, at tlo 1Bveninse Pouny rye l'tlating O?ae, &uhnsrn.str;, 4sit0a 