DIOCESAN SYNOD. (FROMI OUR ?N CORRESPONDENT.) HOBAET, APRIL 14. The third session of the eleventh Synod of the Diocese of Tasmania was opened in the Synod Hall, Harrington-street, at 2'30 p.m. to-day. The Synod was opened in the usual manner. PETITIONS. Mr E. H. Butler presented a petition from 311 members and adherents of the church of England, residents of Perth, FranklinVillage, and Breadalbane, praying that the President and members of the Synod would grant a separation from the cure of Evandale and restore the old parish of Perth, with the original boundaries, including Franklin Village, Breadalbane, and Snake Banks, as it was so successfully worked from the years 1840 to 1884 in clusive. The following reasons for such action weresubmitted:-1.That since Perth ceased to be worked as a separate parish, and without aresident minister the church of England in the district has suffered con?iderably, and her members have been dJbarred to a certain extent from the ministrations of their own church. 2. That the work of the past fifteen months proves conclusively that the members and adherents of the church of England in the district are entitled to their former privileges, and that their petition is a reasonable one. 3. That the old parish of Perth is suffciently large in area, and in number of the population, to make it unworkable with Evandale, and to entitle it to be made again a separate charge with all the rights belonging to it. The petition was received, and ordered to be considered next day. REPORTs. Several select committees' reports were presented. FINANCE. Mr Lovett tabled the accounts of the Diocesan Council and church property estimate for 1891, and moved that the con sideration of the estimates stand as an order of the day for to-morrow evening. Carried. ANNUAL ADDRESS. Bishop Montgomery then delivered his annual address. The Bishop commenced by offering a hearty welcome to the members of the Synod, which enabled them once a year at least to renew old friendships and form fresh intiaudoies and ihe then toudhirgly refeired to sho absence of well known faces. He thanked God that uninterrupted health had enuuablel him to visit all parts of the diocese. Even the lslahda in Btss' ,triits are noew faeiliar ground. The half-caste community is living there, in which we must all take an interest, and as soon as it is quite certain whore the centre of popula tion is to be, lie should ask for donations towards the erection of a suitable church. Devonpoet, Scottsdale, and Ringaroomn, though Rot yet parishes, have their resi dent clergy. Ta'man's Peninsula is the. home of a curate of the pariah of Sorell, and all the old centres are filled. The Bishop was absent from Hobart for 157 days and nights in 1890, and took 51 confir mations, administering the rite to 611 per sons. He had consecrated churches at Emu Bay, Waratab, Castra, Westbury, and Cullonewood, and opened a church at Le brina, though it is not y .bconsecrated. A new Sunday-school has been built at Delo raino, and churches, were partially com pleted or proposed to be built in a few months at Scottsdale, Derby, Moorina, the Fern Tree, Conara, the Tier near the Dee, Longley, Sheffeld, Coppington, Kooiiya, and the Jordan near Jericho, and a Sunday school at Waratah. But the most im portant venture since the last Synod had been the determination to complete the Cathedral, and special thanks were given to the ladies throughout the diocese who helped so nobly to make the Children's Cathedral Fund an unqualified success. For the clergy two "Quiet Days" had been held-one in Hobart aid one in Launcestou, at which 45 we-re present. The statistical returns furnished by the clergy showed tto number of new communicants for the year to have been 120, the increase of baptisms 80, Sunday-school teachers 30, and scholars 667; but these figures were inconsistent with known facts, and could not be relied one; and he announced in future years he peoposed, to riake <the' fullest use of statistics, whidh he hoped would be as accurate as possible. An appeal had been made to the diocese for an increase of £700 a year to give the church's ministrations to new districts. Sheffield, Ringarooma, George's Bay, and the Southern Huon must not be forgotten. The West Coast also must be assisted till the mines are established. After making a warm appeal for increased liberality towards the church, the Bishop went on to say that perhaps the greatest want was the adequate development of the clerks' superannuation fund. As soon as the Cathedral was completed he intended to take that subject, and, if possible, to raise £5000 to sta?t with. Another pressing question was religious education, and on this the Bishop said-" We have reason to be satisfied with the law as it stands in our State schools. The teachers give instruc tion of a general character. The clergy are permitted under regulation to teach the children of church members, and they make very full use of their right. The majority in this colony is convinced that "righteousness exalteth a nation," and that the Bible is the best book to teach that righteousness. It were a shame indeed if, apart altogether from the above reason, any man of education should seek to banish the knowledge of the first literary book in the world from the studies of our children. I wish to impress again upon the clergy the supreme importance of utilising their rights in the Staste school. It will be in your re membrance that last year 1 proposed, as one of my duties, the examination of the chil dren of the church in State schools at the proper hour allotted for Scripture his tory. I have discovered, alas, that amongst many other duties, not much room could be made for this one. I have examined 1240 children in 20 State schools, and I gladly bear witness to the zeal of some of the State school teachers, and the care bestowed by the clergy upon their weekly classes. One fact has been made clear to me. Sunday-schools are not adequate substitutes for trained teaching in Bible facts. But even Sunday schools are unattainable in many districts. It is in such places that the State school teacher's work is the only safeguard against a heathen ignorance of the elemen tary facts of the Christian faith. I speak ot that which I have seen myself. I have found children who could not say one word of the Lord's Prayer, and who knew nothing of the Bible. I bring no charge against the parents. Their own education possibly was no better. In any case the bush farmer's life is one of such incessant toil that the chlrchbwill do all in her power to give the children of the colony an education which includes the truths of the Bible." After saying that he had prepared a few rules for the guidance of lay preachers, the Bishop referred to the General Synod to be held in Sydney in September next, and he claimed that the Federal Council of Australia had been formed on its model. The most important business at Sydney will be the question of the Primacy. The facts for consideration are these :-At the present time the Primacy is treated much as if it were an accidental adjunct to the Bishopric of Sydney. Upon the vacancy of that See the question which is asked is :-" Who will make the best Bishop of Sydney " . And local influences prevail, little, if any, weight being given to larger issues, and now was the best time to deal wtih the question when there was no prospect of a vacancy. Referring to the recent judgment of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop said it should teach churchmen to live at peace and respect each other's convictions. The controversy concerned ritual acts only, and there were two points to which he called attention. First, it is a matter for great satisfaction that some of these ritual acts which were supposed to have a definite and unmistakable drift have been proved by a complete historical demonstration to be capable of more than one meaning. This is a distinctgain. The doctrinal views are unaffected. And in future it will be impossible to declare by the acts permitted by this judgment to what sechool of thought the officiating clergyman belongs. Secondly, a reason which operates strongly in favour of ancient ritual at the present time (a reason which has my sympathy) is the growing service to realise more and fully the antiquity of the church. Little signs and usages-bits of colour and harmless actsof ritual--take us backe to at least the third or fourth century, to a period long before Papal errors sprang into exist ence in the West, to au age when the church was undivided, where there was not the division into three parts, which, though they follow the live of nationality, yet disfigure and weaken the ancient Catholic church. On the subject of Old Testament interpretation, the Bishop said he was not one of those who are alarmed at the modern criticism of the Old Teetament. History had taught that theologians have ever been too chary to learn the truths of science. Age after age they have had to abandon untenable positions. They have discovered too late that, as all truth is one, they should have welcomed all that every investigator of God's ways in the world has to teach us. Let us look for the day when, as one of our greatest Bishops says, "The enthusiasm of discovery is no longer met by the cry, 'No further,' but hallowed by the petition, 'Speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth.'" Touching on the social questions of the day the Bishop said-Members, as we are of a great human society, with duties to our neighbours as well as to God, I need not ask your pardon for saying a few words upon our social questions. We who live in a new country, virtually democratic, are in a sense speculators only of the great changes which are coming over the old world, where Socialism is strong because privilegeof class andposition exists still in so marked a degree. Bearing thisin mind, you will accept the dictum of a thoughtful writer who says:-" Socialism is an ethical question; it involves the whole great question of justice-not justice in the narrow sense in which the word is com monly used, butin the most comprehensive as well as deepest sense." . . . As I glance over the possibilities of Christian work amongst us, I find it in my heart to indicate some of the directions in which our wealth maybe tsrned, not merely the better support of theb clergy, and church building, and clergy pensions; these are obvious reasons. But I plead for the public wants of our colony. We used to see more patriotic feeling venting itself in gifts to the public-public libraries, gifts of books, gardens, aviaries, gifts to our now Uni versity. These are among the pure joys which the rich can give themselves, by bestowing their bounty uponthe public. The art feeling of the colony still bliuf?ib?i. jv. are waiting for a few ribh men to presen" pictures to the public n4useums, which c.u atimeilate our native artists and give the finest of plenesures td thousands. Tih,0 e aims all purely Christian. Until they are taken up there is a want of breadth in our Christianity. I should like to see the church of England take the lead in this as in all other questions. In conclusion the Bishop said he anticipated that this Synod would reselt in solid work and quarter completion of organisation. It was hoped that the fresh claims can be met without the reduction,of any on the old list. This is due partly to the fact that on the let of January last 1he diocesan funds were out of debt. I believe such a state of things is almost unprecedented. I need not remind you that this consumma tion is due in great part to the financial ability of our worthy secretary. I should also record the fact that a legacy of £50 was received last year for the General Fund from the executors of the late Mr Robert Evans, of Launceston. We cannot be considered as unreasonable if we look forward with confidence to a steady increase of our funded capital by bequests, and now I have but to ask you to apply yourselves to the work before you as men of business who are also members of the church of England. We have begun our session with prayer, having invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost to sanctify our words and to give us a right judgment in all things. We expect a healthy difference of opinion, but we im pute no unworthy motive to an opponent. We invoke the Holy Spirit, but we never invoke the spirit of party. May God bless our deliberations, and use them for the promotion and enlargement of the King dom of His Sun. Mr W'. Tarleton moved the first reading of a bill to amend the Patronage Act, 1886. The mbtion was carried, and the second reading fixed for next day. Mrx Tarleton moved the first reading of a bill to make provision for the repair and improvement of parsonage houses through out the diocese, which was agreed to, and the second reading fixed for Thursday. Mr H. J. Edwards moved-" That per mission be granted to the trustees of church property to sell, with the consent of the Bishop, the present parsonage and globe (48 acres) at Longford, the proceeds of which shall be devoted towards the purchase of another site and the erection thereon of a parsonage, etc., in accordance with a resolution passed at a public meeting of church members at Longford in Jone last."He said the clergyman was placed at great disadvantage by living so far away from the centre of his work. On Sundays he was compelled to walk nine miles to three services, which was a waste of energy. The parishioners were also placed at a great disadvantage by having so far to go to see their clergyman. This would be a good opportunity for selling the property in question, as its value was deteriorating instead of increasing. Tho motion had been brought forward with the unanimous concurrence of the parishioners. Mr Tarleton, as one of the trustees for for church property, had pleasure in seconding the motion. The situation of the present parsonage at Longford was extremely inconvenient. Mr LuePs moved an amendment which meant practically the same as the resolu tron, there being an addition to the effect that any surplus after the sale and re erection of a now parsonage should be handed to the Longford Endowment Fund. After a lengthy discussion the amend ment was carried. The Synod then adjourned at 5 p.m. till 2830 p.m. next day. In the evening a special harvest thanksgiving service was held in St. David's Cathedral, at which there was a crowded attendance. 