Hiss Meagles's Money, BY JAMES GREENWOOD (jHE AMATEUB OASUtt.) CHAPTER I. MBS MEAOUES IB BBIYES BE HER BRO XH£R'« EAscjjtrrr TO SEGE A WAXES? GRAVE. It Is a sad thing to Bay of brother and sister, but without much fear of oon tradiction, it may be asserted, that there were never two individuals who detested each -other more than Tobias Meagles and !his sister Priscilla. They were old enough, and should liave been worldly-wise enough to know better. Both bad assisted the father, old Micah Meagles, who was a thriving pawnbroker in Portsmouth, and when he died he left. the handsome sum six thousand pounds to be equally divided, and in addition the good will of the business to Tobias. Probably the old gentleman would hare be queathed them an equal share in the pawnbroking, but he knew their tempers. For years previous to his demise, it had been the one trouble of his existence to hear the daily snarliogs and bickerings that took place between them, and when about to give up' the ghost—at which time Tobias was aged thirty-three, his sister being two years older—it was his last comfort s« to apportion his wealth, that his children need not, unless they chose, reside under the same roof even. But this promising arrangement did not prove lastingly efficacious. Tobias, who during his father's lifetime, and from his boyhood upward had sedulously stuck to business, summer and winter, and all the year round, suddenly ' took a turn.' He was not a nice-looking young man. As a youth he had outgrown his strength, and at eighteen stood five feet ten in his stockings, and from that period, instead of making flesh and 4 fillingout,' all the nutriment he swallowed seemed to go to make bone only. At thirty- three, he was lanky, and sallow, and freckled, with deep-set, light-grey eyes, and wispy, sandy hair, and probably the largest pair of feet to be found on the South CoaBt. Never a girl in Portsmouth town would at one time speak to him, but they altered their views when it came to be known that Toby Meagles had seemingly buried all hiscurmudgeon propensities along with his late parent, and was now determined to make the money fly. He urged its flight with such capable wings, that what with the ordinary dissipation of 'social existence, and gambling and horse-racing, in little more than eighteen months hiB name over the pawnbroker's shop was obliterated in favour of a successor, and the day came when of hiB three thousand pounds, he had barely enough left to pay the steamboat fare from Portsmouth to Ryde—which was eightpence— so that he might proceed to Shanklin, where Priscilla had taken up her abode, to implore hiB sister to lend him a helping hand. And now would have been Priscilla's turn, had she been possessed of all the malignancy that Toby had always given her credit for, to trample on her fallen fee. She might have declined to see him, or what would have been worse, sent him half-a-crown, by the servant, with an intimation that the proper person for individuals in his condition to apply to for assistance was the relieving officer of the parish. Priscilla behaved much better than under the circumstances he might have expected. She took him in, lodged and boarded him, and agreed to allow him ten shillings weekly as pocket money, until such time as he could obtain suitable employment and provide for himself. But Toby Meagles was a meanspirited rascal. He appeared grateful enough at first, and was profuse in his thanks to his sister for her generosity. But be did not remain long fin that frame of mind. He presently made a discovery. Priscilla never had a sweetheart—, with the heaviest Bhare of a brisk pawnbroking business in a poor, neighbourhood on her hands she hadj neither the leisure nor the inclination to engage in such frivolity — and it seemed hardly likely that at the Bge of thirty-six, she would show herself susceptible of the tender passion. But, for that matter, the same might be Baid of Mr. William Withers, a farmer of Newport, who had shown himself invulnerable to the darts • of Cupid, until his age was forty-five. Why Mr. Withers remained a bachelor, was inexplicable to all who knew him. HiB means were far from inconsiderable, he was a well-built man, sound, round and civil, and even at forty-five it needed no other evidence than that of one's own eyesight to 'believe vhat everybody said, that as a middle-aged man there was not a handsomer, take the Isle of Wight through and through. It was not as though William Withers had an instinctive dislike for' female society. He was shy, nothing in the world else, and any time during tile past twenty years, when rallied on the subject, he would blush to the rootB of his close curling, chestnut : hair, and laughingly eay that there was plenty of tiine for him, that he meant to keep his head oat of the noose as long as possible, but that if he was fated to be offered a sacrifice' at the altar, when his time came, He would have to submit. Having nothing to do now but live a life of ease, and amuse herself as she best could, it is not impossible that Miss Priscilla Meagles, debating the same matter in her mind, had arrived at a similar resolution. Any way, Mr. Withers, being on a Tint to Shanklin, went to church one Snnday, and sat in the same pew with Miss Meagles, and—well,'that was the commencement of it That a bachelor of forty-five should fall in IOVB with -a spinster of thirty-six was not veiy remarkable, and perhaps it would have excited'less comment had the lady been passably good-looking. v But this, alas I Priscilla Meaglea was not. In stature, she was curiously like Toby, and as regards cotBplexion, there was scarcely a freckle to chooBe between them. As already mentioned, Toby's hair was wispy and sandy, so was Prismlla's, but Tobias scored a notch against his siater, inasmuch as he had not a cast in his eye, and she had. She waB a woman possessed of plain common sense, and was quite conscious of her unattractiveness, and, as need not be said, great was her gratification, not to say unspeakable delight, when the handsome middle-aged bachelorfarmer evinced a disposition to make himself agreeable to her; and his heart being of well-seasoned stuff, when once a flame was kindled there it was very soon aglow. He invited her to come and see his snug little estate; he sent her presents of game he shot there. He drove, over from Newport every Sunday to go to church with her. and not unfrequently found time to repeat his visit in. the course of the week as well. As need not be remarked, William Withers' relatives did not like it at all, but Priscilla did, and that was all he cared for. The promising courtship had been going on several weeks when Tobias appeared on the scene. He did not make any discovery immediately however. When he did he opened his eyes in amazement. He opened his mouth as well—but that was in private—and cursed and swore at a. frightful rate. The bare idea of such an ngly old guy as his sister, Priscilla,:encouraging the attentions of anybody—with a view to matrimony too! There could be no mistake about that! Nice sort of sisterly behaviour, wasn't it! A lot she cared about him! Just as though she couldn't have been satisfied to remain single as long as she lived, and when she died leave her money to him. Of course, it was her money, and not her this fellow wanted. There couldn't be a shadow of doubt as to that, and Toby regarded it as his duty to go and spy about Mr. Withers' place, and make private inquiries, with a view of learning something to hia disparagement, and which he could carry back to Priscilla. But nobody had a word to say against the worthy farmer, and Toby was baulked in his amiable design. Determined, however, to break off the match by hook or by crook, he indicted letter in a feigned hand, and sent it anonymously to Mr. Withers, warning him against the rash step he meditated, iu marrying a woman of such violent and vixenish temper, that when she resided in Portsmouth, the neighbours, left and right, were constantly complaining about it. Her own father, the Tetter declared, was not safe from her. Indeed, being affected with heart disease, be was at last frightened into fit by an outbreak of abuse on his daughter's part, and taking to his bed, never recovered Advising the farmer to pause before got too late the writer suggested that he should at least make some inquiry. Miss Meagles had a brother living with her, and who, of course, would be the first to screen her faults, but he—Tobias Meagles—was to the visitor's knowledge thoroughly religious and conscientious man, and if he were asked certain questions might be relied on to reply truthfully, whatever might be the consequences. A man of the world would have put the abominable letter in the fire, and thought no more about it. But, as already stated, Mr. William Withers knew little or nothing of the ways of women, and though it seemed to him that Miss Meagles was all that a man could possibly desire, there could be no harm in acting on his anonymous correspondent's suggestion. He had never yet seen Tobias, and he would manage m6et him, and in the course of a friendly chat, a few artfully-shaped questions would, of course, serve the purpose and set his mind at rest. And the meeting took place—unknown Priscilla, of course. And over glass of wine, and in a jocular sort of way Mr. Withers mentioned hiB reception of the letter, and after pledging Toby to profoundest secrecy, showed it to mm Eyeing him shrewdly while "he waB reading it, the honeBt farmer saw that the brother of his affianced looked embarrassed. When Toby had perused it, he indignantly tore it into small pieces and threw them into the empty fire grate. ' Well, man, what do you make of it!' the farmer asked. 'Well, you know the real value of secret information furnished by one who is ashamed to attach his name to it,' said Tobias, ahSiously. ' It jB all a pack of lies, then ; -as I, of course, expected. About her violent temper; and the poor old father, I mean.' Piiscilla's brother became greatly agitated. 'She will probably alter when she is married,' he replied, with confusion. ' My- dear sir, I nave heard of cases of woman who have shown themselves little short of she-devils while they were single, and who, after a few years of 'married life——' \- - ' Hang < the cases yon have known;' Mr. Withers interrupted him; ' we are pteaking of yonr Bister's case. Can you ledge me your word s as a man of onoujr-thattherb is no foundation for ithe base insinuations contained in this ! Tobias WBB visibly moved, and ap- plied his pocket-handkerchief to his Isyes. 1 'Sir,' said he, 'I love my sister, bnt toy first principle has always been truth before all the world. This is a secret between ua that must never be violated." He offered his hand, the other grasped it. 'Sir, I cannot pledge my Void in the way you ask.' < Poor Mr. Withers left his last glass of port 1111tasted, and a few minutes afterwards Tobias peeping from the window, had the satisfaction of seeing him dnve off in hie dog-cart, looking intensely miserable, but gninly determined. ! Next day his aster did not appear at the dinner-table. She had received a letter, her maid said, and was taken so alarmingly ill afterwards, that the doctor had to be sent for. CHAPTER H. Six months have elapsed since success crowned Tobias Meagles's diabolical contrivance to ruin his sister's matrimonial prospects. What were the contents of the letter Priscilla had received the day following Mr. William Withers' interview with the arch traitor, will never be known. The farmer never again appeared' at Shanklin, and Miss Meagles stayed there but a short time longer. It was evident that the cruel disappointment she had been subjected to, had seriously affected her naturallyrobust constitution. Streaks of grey were visible in her golden hair, her figure failed in its almost military uprightness, in six months the looked as many years'older. She quitted Shanklin, and went to live at Yentuor, and as she occupied only apartments there, she could not accommodate Tobias, whose protracted though vain search for suitable em ployment, compelled him to remain de pendent on her bounty. She had no quarrel with him, and gave him not the least reason for supposing that she suspected him of having a hand in crushing her virgin hopes. But in this he was mistaken! She knew all aboutit. That an enemy, and probably a not entirely disinterested one, had worked her such foul wrong she could have no doubt, and in casting about her to discover who it might be, it was no more than natural that her brother Tobias came into question. She as' certained that on the day before she received the fatal epistle from the farmer, the latter and Toby had been seen in compady, in the coffee room at the White Bear. It was Mrs. Bullamy, the charwoman, who fished up this item of information, and the same trustworthy woman instigated thereto, of course, by Miss Meagles pursuing her inquiries in the same direction, presently brought to Priscilla, neatly collected in an envelope, every atom of the anonymous letter Toby in his scorn for the rascally writer had torn up, and thrown into the fireplace. It would have been bad for Tobias, had he come within the spinster's reach when she had patched the paper, together, and read what was written. Would it have been bad ? On second thoughts I am not so sure that it would. It would have "been painful at the time, no doubt, but if it would have saved him from the crueller fate-—but of that in its proper place. That Priscilla was able to treat her brother with passable civility spoke volumes for her self-control, as well as for her confidence in the all-sufficiency of the revenge she meditated. Tobiasjdid not see her very frequently now, but, when he* did he. suffered no compunctions of conscience for the villany of which he had been guilty. He saw how changed she was, it is true, and how ill she looked, but what hypocrisy it would have been for him to pretend to be sad or sorry on that account? He felt more satisfied than ever, that the step he had taken was a prudent one. She couldn't hut much longer, pining away at this rate, and then—! ' The flinty- heartedscoundrel actually cut a caper. 'There's one thing you may lay a wager on,' said Tobias, with a knowing wink, ' I won't fool away her money, as I did my own !' But he did not, even in his most sanguine moments, reckon on his sister's removal from earthly cares in so short a time as happened. It was a terribly painful affair, and the whole of Ventnor did little else but talk about it for a week afterwards. Miss Meagles was accidentally drowned at sea. She did not go voyaging in a steamer, yacht, or small boat even. She must have walked, or at any rate waded to a watery grave! As already mentioned, she was a strong-minded woman, and despised many of the squeamish restrictions that prevent die gentler sex, enjoying itself in its own way. She delighted in sea-bathing, but detested bathing-machines, and she had discovered a delightfully lonely little spot, a mile nearly from the town, with a sheltering rock in which the waves had scooped a tiny cave, as though for the very purpose of containing a bather's attire, and here, furnished with a bathing-dress of de. corous dimensions, at early morn she disported, free as a sea-nymph, returning home with an improved appetite for breakfast. ( But one morning Miss Meagles did not return. It was not until the tide had risen and subsided again, that her clothes she had set out from home in, were discovered in the little cave in the rock, and there could be no doubt—the sea being rather rough at the time—that she had been over-venturesome, and the waveB had carried her away. Her poor brother Tobias was like a man beside himself, and it was not until the lapse of a fortnight, and when the fishermenand boatmen had given up all hopes of earning the ten pounds promised for the recovery of the body, that he became resigned to his sad loss. But he still had a lew tears left when came the time for reading the late Miss Meagles's will, so Toby hoarded them for shedding at the moment when the lawyer read out the touching words— 'Igive and bequeath all that, at the time of my death, I am possessed off, to my dear brother, Tobias, &c.;, &c.;' But he waB horror Btricken and his (short sandy hair stood almost bolt upright on his head, when he heard as follows—' I hereby give and bequeath all that is mine to dispose of, and which consists of the snm of two thousand unds invested in consols, to Bridget illamy, widow of John Bullamy, ship caulker, on condition, that within three months of my demise,' she is-married to my beloved brother Tobias Meagles, and ' in default" of their becoming so united within the timespecified, then the Baid two thousand pounds shall become the property of the trustees, for the time being, of the Bog's Home at Battersea. There was no immediate demand for Toby's reserve guard of tears. ' I see it all now,' he exclaimed, white with rage and disappointment. ' She was mad ! That ridiculous love affair with old Withers turned her brain She waB out of her mind when she made that will, and her death was no accident at all, but an act of suicide, while in a state of insanity.' But ihe old lawyer shook his head. «Yon.may take my word for it, my dear sir,' Baid he, ' that your sister was as sane as ypu are at the present moment when «iie made her will, and, if necessary, T am prepared to prove that she remained so until a week of her death at all events.' ' But who is Bridget Bullamy, widow of John Bullamy, ship caulker,' cried Tobias, distractedly. *I never saw her —never heard of her, nor did my sister I believe — another evidence of Jhor being of deranged intellect!' ' Oh, yes, sir, you have seen her often enough,' retnarked the late Miss Meagles's maid, with a giggle, ' The charwoman that used to comB to help sometimes when we lived at Shanklin. Don't you remember her, air? The woman "whom missus discharged .fpr getting tipsy, and fighting the coal heaver.' For several moments Tobias could do no more than stare from one to another. That fieiy-faced gorgon!' he ejaculated. 'Know her! ha! She is quite a public character at Oowes. I have seen two policemen hauling her to the stationhouse, and both of them wtth their faces scratched. So I am to marry her to enable her to enjoy the money that should be mine, and to which she is no more entitled to than any African Hottentot. Why, my precious sister must have thought'me as mad as she herself was. No! no! If those are the terms, let the money go to the dogs, and be hanged to 'em!' Nor did he feel disposed to alter his mind, when a few days afterwards, Mrs. Bullamy, having been apprised of her good fortune, paid him a visit. She came dressed in all her best, with a view, no doubt, of making a favourable impression. With a plume of scarlet ostrish feathers in her hat, she looked as tall as a Life Guardsman, and her gown was of a lively green, and her shawl a brilliant yellow, fringed with blue. If it had been raining rum, and she had come through it without an umbrella, Bhe could not have Bmelt much stronger of that spirit, as she affably introduced herself to Mr. Meagles, at his private lodgings. {To be continued?) 