Melbourne Town Talk. (By Boccaccio.) November 7. Mr. Munro has managed to muddle his affairs at last, and has shown his extremest' | weakness by getting augry and making a scene in the House. This is an old failing of his, but it was hoped that his good | sense bad enabled him to conquer it. At the time he was in opposition he kept his I temper in check, and, indeed, it was his j perfect coolness and his admirable self command during his leadership of the 1 Opposition which spoiled the Gillies j Ministry. Some time after when they had prepared for a fight he gave in, allowed them to achieve their immediate purpose, and thns forced them to show that they had no connected or complete policy. When he became Minister his old dictatorial manner came back, and he is once more felt to be impossible. This morning at an early hour he" quarrelled with Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Mr. Richardson, and taunted them both into j anger simply because they asked, as they had a perfect right , to do, whether the report that the Ministry were divided 1 concerning the Electoral Bill was correct! or not. The result is that on Tuesday he will have to face an adverse motion, which, though it may not take the shape of a vote of censure, will really be what the French call" an interpellation"—a formal demand for official explanations. At the same time the chances are an early dissolution of Parliament. The truth is that nqbody is"qiiifer£ady for the j fight". There are three parties to be con sidered—the Trades Hall Council, the newlNational "Association^: and the Pro gressive Political Association. - Neither of them has a. definite programme reduce able to words, and neither of. them, has lot of #andidates ready.. ^.The.conservative party is wqfully weak ibVthie House, but it j Certainly will find an ally in the so-called• National" Association, and both of thefee. j would, no doubt, be servedjby a general election taken on the' present rolls, hut they iire wofully unready, and the sur-1 ptistriff pefsonai popularity of Mr. Robert Harper stands in their way. He founded ;tbc Association, and be ipa very -respect- J able, man,, but . he ..is a. bore^of the .first I water, and those who respect him mostI are least likely to endure his fussiness and general-air of superiority^ - If the dual vote ever phases, at all Mr. L. L. Smith's form of it,. which tfould give every ratepayer one vote in that j capacity, andone under the manhood suffrage rolb will undoubtedly he the form chosen. ; ^AsJ to the Argus's idea that a second rote should be" given to free holders only, it has not the ghost of a chance. The very men who now-pos sess the plural vote, the citizens of Melbourne,would be the greatest sufferers by itV In aiiy case it really seems as if the dual vote would increase the power of the working-class voters, since the sniall freeholders outnumber the big ones, and, moreover, are very jealous of the exac tions and airs of their richer neighbors. It is a great mistake to put all the manhood suffrage voters down as-swagmen and tramps, aB the Argus does. Two of the highest and best paid of the railway officials have only the manhood suffrage vote, and so have numbers of highly res pectable people. All the world is talking of the in-and out-racing at Flemingtoh, and very ugly stories are told concerning the horses who ] won and the horses who did not. One prominent favorite who stood high in the betting.for a principal race was, it is openly, said bought over for £15,000, and another was comfortably pulled- up a hundred;.yards from .the winning post. The jockjey said he could not win, but the'backers aver that he was then ahead-1 of everything.. The backers generally j lost all round,, and it really does look as though the bookmakers, trainers, and owners between them were so much too strong for the public, that the latter may not impossibly give up the unequal con test. The immense popularity of the sweeps is due to the fact that in them I you have at least a ten thousand to one ! chance of something, whereas in straight | out betting you are now considered- to have no chance at all. 