MELBOURNE TOWN TALK ————♦———— (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) ———— BY BOCCACCIO November 7th, 1891. Mr Munro has managed to muddle his affairs at last, and has shown his extreme weakness by getting angry and making a scene in the House. This is an old failing of his, but it was hoped that his good sense had enabled him to conquer it. At the time he was in opposition he kept his temper in check, and indeed it was his perfect coolness and his admirable self command during his leadership of the opposition which spoiled the Gillies Ministry. Some time after, when they had prepared for a fight, he gave in, allowed them to achieve their immediate purpose and thus forced them to show that they had no connected or complete policy. When be became Minister his old dictatorial manner, came back, and he, is once more felt to be impossible. This morning at an early hour he quarrelled with Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Mr Richardson, and taunted them both into anger, simply because they asked as they had a perfect right to do, whether the report that the Ministry were divided con- cerning the Electoral Bill was correct or not. The result is that on Tuesday he will have to face an adverse motion which though, it may not take the shape of a vote of censure, will really be what the French call a formal demand for official explanations. At the same time the chances are against an early dissolution of Parliament. The truth is that nobody is quite ready for the fight. There are three parties to be con- sidered, the Trades Hall Council, the New National Association and the Progressive Political Association. Neither of them has a definite programme reduceable to words, and neither of them has a lot of candidates ready. The conservative party is wofully weak in the House, but it certainly would find an ally in the so called National Association, and both of these would no doubt be served by a general election taken on the present rolls but they are wofully unready and the surprising unpopularity of Mr Robert Har- per stands in their way. He founded the Association, and he is a very respectable man, but he is a bore of the first water and those who respect him most are least likely to endure his fussiness and general air of superiority. If the dual vote ever passes at all, Mr L. L. Smith's form of it which would give every ratepayer one vote, in that capacity, and one under the manhood suffrage roll will undoubtedly be the form chosen. As to the 'Argus' idea, that a second vote should be given to free holders only, it has not the ghost of a chance. The very men who now possess the plural vote, the citizens of Melbourne would be the greatest sufferers by it. In any case, it really seems as if the dual vote would increase the power of the working class voters, since tbe small freeholders out number the big ones, and moreover are very jealous of the exactions and airs of their richer neighbours. It is a great mistake to put all the manhood suffrage voters down as swagsmen and tramps as the 'Argus' does. Two of the highest and best paid of railway officials have only the manhood suffrage vote and so have numbers of highly respectable people. All the world is talking of the in and out racing at Flemington, and very ugly stories are told about the horses who won and the horses who did not. One prominent favorite, who stood high in the betting for a principal race, was, it is openly stated, bought over for £15,000, and another was comfortably pulled up a hundred yards from the winning post. The jockey said be could not win, but the backers aver that he was then ahead of everything. The backers generally lost all around, and it really does look as though the bookmakers, trainers and owners between them were so much too strong for the public that the latter may not impossibly give up the unequal contest. The immense popularity of the sweeps is due to the fact that in them you hare at least a ten thousand to one chance of something, whereas in straight out betting you are now supposed to have no chance at all. With the single exception of the Princess the Melbourne theatres are absolutely los- ing fortunes. The principal singers at the Italian Opera have had to accept half salaries, with remainder later on. The artists have been taking benefits which are of so little use to them that one unhappy wight had to hand up £2 to make up the expenses for which he was liable. The Bijou and Opera House are more than half empty, and the Theatre Royal worst of all. George Rignold, with his clever brother, and his no less clever wife, have been play- ing in 'Lights o' London' to empty benches. There is no chance of better days before Christmas, and the managers are desperate. 