Cor* J>phiit_) ¿Worman; ©craft* WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1891. AT a mooting of the Executive Council yesterday Mr. John Kidd waa sworn in as Postmastor General. ME. JOHN SEE attondod at tho Treasury yester- day, although ho has not perfectly recovered from his attack of influenza. AT Wollongong Mr. Dibbs' manifesto announc- ing- tho early imposition of protective duties has created a fooling that his rule will bo brief. AT Kiama it is thought that the putting of pro- tection first on the Ministerial programma will wreck the Ministry boforo the ond of the year. IN the Midland counties of England 8000 nail makors havo struck work against a reduction of 10 per cent, in their wages. THE iron barque Charlwood has been Bunk by a collision in the English Channel. The master and 15 of tho crow went down with her. ON the London Stock Exchange tho feeling re- garding the new Victorian loan is one of incredu- lity. It is reported that the leading batiks decline to issuo any early Australian loans. THE Yiotorian Loan Bill proposes to float a £6,000,000 loan by three equal annual instal- ments. Mu. JACOB, a jowellor of Calcutta, has been committed for trial upon charges of defrauding the Nizam of Hyderabad. Au the concentration tests carried ont by Mr. Luhrig on the Yiotorian tailings havre been suc- cessful. THE price of wheat hasadvanced 6d per quarter. Du. ROBERT GIFFEN, tho well- known British statistician, will shortly -visit Sydney. LORD SHEFFIELD'S oriokot team, who are pas- sengers by the Arcadia, played a match against a Ceylon eighteen, but the game was brought to an Miaiioir PIANOS are without doubt the finest medium-sized instruments ever introduced into Aus- tralia. Seven years'guarantee. Time payments, 20s monthly. NICHOLSON and CO., | 1 Sydney, Brisbane, and Melbourne.-[ADVÏ.] abrupt termination by hoavy rain. Tho occasion was observed as a publio holiday. THE Albury branch of tho Labour Electoral Loaguo has dooided to extend ita operations to municipal IIB -well as parliamentary olootiona. THE Newcastle miners' general secretary has beon officially notifiod by tho associated masters of tho roduotion in tho soiling price of coal, and tho matter is being considered by tho minors' cxeoutivD. MB. J. J. Donn, Mayor of Scono, who bold« a Commission of Ino Peace and tho scarotaryship to the Scono Pastoralists' Union, hag boen called upon to resign ono of those positions. Ho has declined to resign either of them. Ma. H. M. STANLEY, who is A passenger by tho R.M.S. Arcadia, arrived at Colombo on Monday and dined with tho Governor. AT a mooting of tho shareholders of the New- castle Steamship Company, Limited, bold yostor day, it waa decided that the company bo volun- tarily wound np. THE Full Court yesterday upheld tho appeal of Sydney Hodgo against a fine inflicted upon him, in the Water Polioo Court in Juno last, on a charge of committing a breach of tho Botting Houses Suppression Act. The conviction waa sot asido, but without costs. The laying of the keel of the first ferry boat for the new Balmain Ferry Company took place yester- day, and was made the occasion of a publio ceremony. YESTERDAY a conforenco was hold between tho board of conciliation from Moonta and the diroo tora of the mines in roference to the Moonta miners' strike. Tho directors intimated that thom was no possibility of work being resumed at present for sovcral reasons beside tho utriko, and that they did not know whether tho mines could over bo pro- fitably worked again. THE Victorian Court of Marino Inquiry yes- terday oonoludod tho hearing of the charge of misconduct against Captain Bell, of tho Gambior, upon tho occasion of the collision of that vessel with the steamer Easby. The Court hold that m!s oonduot had beon proved, and suspondod Captain Boll's certificate for nine months. CAPTAIN BELL, through his oonnsol, declined to bond in his certificate, as ho intended to appeal to tho Governor in Council. IN tho South Australian Legislativo Assembly yesterday tho Premier Btatod that, in viow of tho foot that the now Premier of Now South Walos did not proposo to proceed with the Commonwealth Bill this session, ho wonld consult his oolloagues as to tho desirableness of deferring its consideration in South Australia. THE 10 days of prayer at tho Centenary Hall carno to a conclusion yesterday. MB. RiciiABns, tho Sydnoy oity surveyor, has boon sent to Molbonrno, on bohalf of tho City Council, to report on tho difforont methods in opera- tion in Melbourno for the disposal of rofuso. THE Kioma and Dndaman Publio schools havo been closed owing to tho provolenco of influenza. Lo ED and Lady Jersey returned to Sydnoy yes- terday after a brief stay at Sutton Forest. Before tho ond of the wcok thoy will loavo for Molbourno, and will bo the guests of Lord and Lady Hopetoun during the race carnival. Owrna to the break in the publication of Hansard, consequent upon the adjournment of Parliament, the Acting Government Printer has temporarily cnrtailod his staff by 100 pioco hands. THE Executive Council yesterday Ueoided that the sentence 3Í death passed upon Maurice Dalton for tho murder of his wife must bo carried into effect. THE prizo firing in connection with tho annual competition of tho Now South Wales Riilo Associa- tion was continued yesterday on tho Randwick range THE Customs receipts yesterday amounted to £5921. Tho ruling topio in the Ministerial manifesto is finance. That has been the prevailing element in Ministerial pro- grammes for some timo past, and it seems likely to be the feature in future pro- grammes for some time to come. The Premier, however, has not gone very deeply into the question, and his statement of the financial position will bear amplifi- cation. He admits that there is an in- crease in the publio revenue. "Wo may go on to say that the new Ministry comes into office with a " booming " revenue. Probably never beforo has the colony had so largo an increase in its public means. In the first nine months of the year tho total amount of "the revenue was £7,317,250, as com- pared with £6,900,982 in tile corresponding period of last year. The incroaso of £416,000 waa pretty general, £327,000 being shown in the railway branch, £47,000 from tho Lands Department, and £74,000 from taxation. These figures are considerably in excess of the late Treasurer's forecast, and as the leading industries of tho colony aro in a flourishing condition, there is a prospect of a still further increase at the end of the year. While the revenue is thus in a flourishing condition, of course that only shows one sido of the account. The Premier does not enlighten us very much as to the other side as represented by the expen penditure ; and it is impossible to get at this exactly unless from documents prepared by the Treasury. The quarterly abstracts of accounts show certain balances at the end of each quarter of the year ; but no one can say how much is then owing to creditors. A day or two after, interest payments more or less fall due, and have to be charged against tho Consolidated Kevonue Pund ; and bosidos, other claims may have to bo met. Outgoing and incoming Treasurers havo frequently told very different tales, since tho days when Mr. SMAKT discovered the considorablo de- ficiency which a preceding Treasuror was said to have hidden. Between such various disclosures as have boon mado by thoso who have had access to the Treasury accounts the public has to judge. At presont all we can say is that the first Colonial Treasurer of the last Government predicted a revenue for 1891 of £9,506,410, and showod a surplus of £73,000. To tho 30th of Septem- ber he received £7,317,250, and if in the closing quarter the Treasuror receives only as much as in the last three months of 1890 ho will havo a revenue of £9,914,826. But the probability is that the roturns in the present quarter will give a further in- crease, and that the new Treasurer will ¿ave to record a revenue of at least half a million sterling in excess of Mr. M'MILLAHJB estimate. And if this be realised, and the expenditure on the Consolidated Eevenuo Fund has been kept anywhere near the estimate, tho actual result should be considerably in oxcess of £73,000, although that is only about the amount of the Treasury balance at the credit of the fund at the end of September. Any difficulty, however, that may arise in connection with the finances will be from the heavy expenditure on the loan account. Unfortunately the outlay on works to bo charged to the loan fund has been heavy, having proceeded on an in- creasing scale since the £3,500,000 loan of July, 1889, was raised. In the last half of that year the expenditure on loan account was £1,169,230. In 1890 it was £2,859,218, and in the first nine months of this year the total has been no less than £3,820,560. An expenditure of £7,849,000 obviously could not be met out of the pro- ceeds of a loan of £3,500,000 and a pre- viously existing credit balance of £1,851,254, or a total of £5,350,000. Hence the embarrassment caused by _ the state of the publio loan accounts, which on Sep- tember 30 showed a debit balance of £2,354,217. And the prospect is certainly not improved by the recent statement of Mr. BBUCB SMITH to the effect that the country is committed on existing contracts to an expenditure of £2,900,000, and that he had accepted contracts for further works for a sum of £300,000. In round figures there is on the loan aooount a debt of £2,350,000, and thore further com- mitments amounting to £3,200,000 ; making a total of £5,550,000 to bo mot out of £.,200,000, tho pro coods of tho late loan. Owing to the way in -which the accounts aro kept a half year's intorest on the public debt will havo to bo nddod to the total obligations, showing that something over £2,000,000 storling will havo to bo provided by fresh loans to complete the oxisting contracts, and to koop tho general banking accounts of tho Government on an oven balance within the noxt year and a-half, even if no further contracts bo entered into. Tho Promior proposes to meet the em- barrassment arising from the state of the loan account in a rather novel way. The Consolidated Fund, which will probably yield half a million more than waa antici- pated, and more than was required, is to bo supplemented by " largo additional revenue" from further Customs duties having a protective incidence. The fact is ignored that tho ordinary revenue this year will be half a million in excess of the estimates, and that it ought by so much to bo beyond the expenditure. The Premier, however, holds out no hope of any such surplus. "What he says is, that the increase is not BO much more than will answer cur ront requirements under tho oxisting system. Whatever the lato Treasurer may havo done, tho present Government is not prepared to save this additional revenue. The Premior justifies this course by tho statement " that expenditure unavoidably increases in various directions to meet the needs of growing population and advancing settlomont." This doctrino overlooks tho fact that a growing population and advancing settlement should tend to choapon tho cost of government. The present, certainly, is not the time when any Government is justified in oxcoeding the rate of expenditure to which the colony has been accustomed. The large addi- tional now revenue which is to bo raised is not likoly to contribute to economy, but to extravagance. It is but a pretext to say that ita object is to próvido for minor unproductive works, for these havo formed an inconsiderablo proportion of tho loan expenditure, more particularly under the keener sorutiny of late vears. The raising of now revenue cannot lessen the obligation, exceeding by £2,000,000 the amount of money in hand, in respect of loan works to which the country is com- mitted. The incoming Treasurer will have to raise money to meet that, and in the face of the proposed Victorian £6,000,000 loan the prospect is by no means cheering, It is undoubtedly unfortunate that the present Ministers should come into office under such unfavourable monetary conditions. But if tho credit of tho country is to be considered, no- thing appears possible but to meot the situation by tho requisite economy. The expenditure of £3,200,000 on loan works within eighteen months or two years is not a small one, and with about £2,000,000 yet to be borrowed in a depreciated money market to meet the payments, the new Government will be incurring a very groat risk to sanction any further works. The Consolidated Revenue is in a flourishing condition. That should simplify tho ordinary work of ony Treasurer. Tho loan policy required is tho easiest that could be imagined. It is simply to seo to tho completion of works already in progress, and to bo ready to take advantage of tho first favourable opportunity to nego- tiate a loan to pay for them. Our correspondents havo raised the question how far persons who take part in the holding of religious services may claim protection against intru- sion, disturbance, or interruption. There is no doubt as to the unlawfulness of per- sonal intrusion and disorderly behaviour, because the matter has been put to the test in courts of justioo, which have vindicated the right of the Salvation Army to conduct its proceedings in its own places of worship in peace. But, in other respects, the case is hardly so clear ; and it is not to be taken for granted that the simple consideration that a certain building is occupied by a congregation assembled for religious purposes is to exclude or override all other considerations and regulate the action and movements of tho public in the vicinity. The first of tho letters referred to was a protest against allowing the Exhi- bition Building in Prince Alfred Park to be used for a secular concert on Sunday, with the result that the strains of a brass band within the building interfered with the worship of the congregation in Chal- mers' Church, close by. The protest was not founded upon any argument against Sunday concerts, that pointbeing avowedly undiscussed, but was simply directed against the disturbance caused by the strident sounds. When the matter is put in this light it is easy to see that the ground of objection is extensive. A con- gregation might bo disturbed in many ways, as, for instance, by the music of another congregation. Admitting that to the worshippers in a church there might bo something peculiarly discordant in the sound of lively airs played on brass instruments in I a neighbouring building, it is also true that during certain portions of the sorvice the long-drawn notes of an organ and the harmo- nious voices of the choir in another church would, when they stole in at the open windows, havo a tendency to distract the attention anti causo wandering thoughts. And again, when thero is a failure of friendly consultation and agreement as to times and seasons between the parties con corned, the servico within one building, and the poace of the participants, may be seriously interrupted by the persistent clangour of a neighbouring boll summoning the congregation of another to the place of prayer. As the lotting of the Exhibition Building is in tho hands of the Mayor, it is possible that his action may bo affected by the protest, if it bo supported by a sufficient number of those who feel themselves aggrieved. It is also possible that troubles of the other class alluded to may be mitigated or prevented by a good understanding between people who acknowledge that they are all working for a common cause. But the interference of the State in such matters is a different thing, and not to be lightly asked for. Sometimes the grievance is felt on the other side, and, instead of public worship being disturbed by people who do not join in it, the peace and comfort, nay, the very health, of the latter may suffer through the exercise of superabundant vocal power and the too vigorous use of musical instruments by zealous worshippers. This may be brought about by gatherings at street corners and by the erection of tabernacles ; but people who are the victims are loth to appeal to the law for protection, although they may resent the intrusion upon what they regard as their private rights. As to the control of the traffic on public railways and tramways, some weight is surely to be allowed to the consideration of priority of occupation, if that term may be applied. If the ohurohes go to the roadside, instead of the road going to the ohurohes, which is it the road and the traffic upon it, or the ohurohes-that should adapt themselves to the conJdiLgenoies of the position? The churches are built by the roadside for the purpose of gaining the advantage of accessibility ; and if through the growth of tho community or other causos there is so largo a dovelopmont of traflic as to produco a certain do groo of noiso and disturbance to tho con- gregation, that is one of the incidonte of the situation that should havo boon fore- seen and, as far as possible, provided against. It does not follow that tho churches should dominate the situation for all timo, and that the con- venience of tho thousands passing outside should bo mado subordinate to that of the hundreds inside. Tho inconvenience for tho latter might be greatly diminished, as it used to be in the churches in tho Strand, by the use of double windows; and if in our climate thorough ventilation bo thought of moro urgont necessity than in London, that requirement might be met by modern appliances, even though the noise by the street were excludod. In other ways the interests of city churches aro liable to bo affected by the progress of tho community. With tho growth of trado como the substitution of workshops and warehousos for dwelling houses, and tho exodus of the residentiary and church-going population, or at least of a great part of it. That change took place long ago in London, whero many a church within sound of Bow bolls could be found on a Sunday with less than fifty wor- shippers, But horo the course of events and tho peculiarities of the situation aro tending in the samo direction at this early period of our history. It is of little or no use fighting against these tondoncios ; tho more sensible course is to recognise thom and take appropriate action. It is bettor in some cases to sell tho sito of a dosertod church, and spend the money in some other placo whoro it can bo used for ecclesiastical purposes with gi-oatur ad vantago. This arrangement could bo resorted to in some instances whoro tho cause of trouble is not the loss of a congrega- tion, but tho development of what was once a comparatively quiot 6treot into a channel of multitudinous traffic. In such a case it is not to be as- sumed as a matter of course that the trafilo must bo stopped or impeded. Can the noise be shut out of the churches by the adoption of a simple expedient ? Could tho churches be re- moved to a moro quiot place, whero a larger area might bo obtained, and they could be separated from the busy life of the city ? These are questions that should first bo asked and_ answered satisfac- torily. In Melbourne some years ago a man was Bubjectod to heavy loss because in the pursuit of his lawful calling he made a noise that irritated the sensitive ears of a Judge in a neighbouring court- house. The courthouse had been built near his workshop ; he had not ventured into the vicinity ot tie courthouse, and the cause of justice suffered by this tyrannical and unjust attempt to uphold it. In years gone by, whon tho Criminal Court was sit- ting in the Old Bailey, tho traffic was not stopped, but the street was strewn with straw to preservo the proceedings from disturbance ; and a pavemont of soft-wood blocks was afterwards laid for the Bame purpose. Wo have hero a significant con- trast between tho right way and the wrong way of dealing with a difficulty ; and the lesson is not inapplicable to local circum- stances. The case ex parto RIDSDALE, in which a prohibition was granted for tho purpose of stopping proceedings upon a conviction under tho Butting Houses Suppression Act, is illustrative of the difficulties that stand in the way of those who are zealous for a vigorous crusade against transactions supposed to be directly or indirectly connected with betting. The charge was the publication of an advertise- ment in whioh the Melbourne Cup was mentioned ; but when tho publication had been admitted the case for the prosecution was closed, and no evidence was given to show what the Melbourne Cup was, or what was the nature of the transaction. Tho advertisement was described by the counsel for the defendant as a jargon of words, which would not convey information to the mind of the Judge, and it was contended that his Honor could not take judicial notice of the Melbourne Cup, or of betting or wagering upon it. The Judge did not see now ho could do so without evidence ; and for that and other reasons the prohibition was granted. The question of public interest is whether advertisements that do not of them- selves convey a definite meaning to the mind of a Judge can bo made intelligible and tho sound basis of a prosecution by the production of witnesses who will swear that they understand them, and give what they believo to be their moaning. In the absence of witnesses who had actually taken part in the trans- action, would evidence of boliof or sup- posed understanding be admitted ? There seems to bo a certain degroo of analogy, though the parallel is not complete, be- tween evidence of the kind suggested and evidence given in a civil suit for libel in support of the innuendoes charged by tho plaintiff. Suppose it wore said that a certain libel was only a jargon of words, witnesses would be called to say that thoy could toll to whom it pointed, and what was its moaning, If this cannot bo done in the caso of consultation advertisements prosecutions are usoless. But how does the publio get at tho moaning ? The federation policy announced by the Government already shows signs of stop- ping tho fodoration movement in the other colonios. The Premier of South Australia, as our telegram shows, has stated in Parliament that, as the New South Wales Government purposes postponing the consideration of the subject till anothor session, he will consult his colleagues as to whether it is worth while proceeding further with the matter at present This is a natural result of tho policy of the Govern- ment in placing protection in the first place and putting over federation to anothor session. It may be that a similar effect will be produced in the other colonies. Mr. PLAYFORD, indeed, stated that his own feeling was in favour of going on with tho work, and not waiting for the lead of any other colony. Whichever course is taken can hardly fail to be humiliating to this colony and to all sincere federationists in it. Either the other colonies will disregard the defection of New South Wales from the work as immaterial, and will go on to labour in the work of federation without our co-operation, or they will consider the course contemplated by our Government as fatal to the hope of union, and then we shall have the consciousness that the death- blow to the cause of Australian federation and nationality cama from the colony whioh originated the movement two years ago. In any case the result is an ignoble one to New South Wales, and one whioh forms a deplorable contrast to the hopes and patriotic declarations of polioy of whioh we heard so much a few months since. _ Bead in the light of our Melbourne tele- grams, tiie proposed Viotorian £6,000,000 loan ú shem et «w osr two objectionable features which were suggested by the cabio messages It is true that a loan of this amount is contemplated It is, how evor, not to bo negotiated all at once, hut in three instalments of £2,000,000 nor annum When the first is to be raised docs not nppoar Tho necessities of tho colony aro such that tho money will bo welcomo as soon as it can be obtained on terms which do not involve a serious loss At present thero is no hop«, of raising a loan except at a low mmunum. Since tho issue of the last £3,000,000 loan" of whioh £1,000,000 was floated at %l net m July, the market has boen below the pnce of issue, and since the issue of the New South Wales loan it has been £2 bolow it Our cable message to the eff eot that it is reported that leading banks decline to issuo any early colonial loans conveys rather remarkable news. We could understand that the London banks might adviso against such issue, or that they would refuse to subscribe for any such stock, or givo loans much assistance, but if tho London and Westminster Bank wero asked by the Victorian Govern- ment to issue tendors for a £2,000,000 loan, it may bo doubted whether that institution would rofuso to carry on the negotiation Donbtless the Victorian Government will be advised to postpone the first issue of its now loan, at any rate until tho beginning of the year, when the market is usually moro incurable than ia the autumn But oven then there is little prospect of obtaining money oxcopt ati considerable reduction m price Thatseenu to bo the view entertained in Melbourne, as authority is to bo asked to float tho loan at 4 per cent if tho market condition! require it At present quotations a 1 poi cent loan would bung proportionate^ quite as much as a 3J per cent issue, ii would bo loss expensive to negohato , and, what is oven of moro importance to tlia Government in its present îrapecumou. condition, it would probably jiold the full £2,000,000, and perhaps some- thing more, whereas the loan floated at a rate of 3J- per cent would return not much moro than £1,800,000 Unless thero is an improvement m the credit of the colomes, these considerations will probably induco tho Government to float the loan at the higher rate of interest On all accounts it is unfortunate that the colonies should bo committed to the nego- tiation of such loans as have boen raised and are contemplated The increase in the nomnal rate of interest, ho\\\ov3r advan- tageous in the particulars named, marks a distinct step backwards, which with judi- cious government should never have had to be taken It is to bo hoped that it wal have the effect of enforcing the necessity of our living more largely upon our own resources. His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Jersey returned to Sydney yesterday, after a brief stay at Sutton Forest Before the end of this woek they will leave for Melbourno, and there bo como the guests of Lord and Lady Hopetoun during tho race carnival His Excellency tho Earl of Kintore and Lady Kintore Anil also jem the Viceregal ossemblngo on Cup Day YESTERDAY his Excollonoy the Earl of Jersoy presided over the weokly meeting of tho Executive Council This occasion was the first on which Lord Jersoy met the members of the new Ministry Certain necessary routino business having received approva,ltho caso of Maurice Dalton, sentenced to death for wife murder, occupied attention It was decided that tho ecntenco of death passed by Mr Justice Manning mnst bo carried into effect In accordance with this decision tho execution has bi en fixed for 1 o'clock on tho morning of Novem- ber 17 It will take placo within tho precincts of Darlinghurst Gaol MB JOHN SEE, tho Colonial "Treasurer, attended his office yesterday, although ho has not reached a safe convalescent stage after an attack of in- fluenza His portfolio as Colonial Treasurer does not technically instal him Minister for Railways At the noxt meeting of tho Cabinet, or porhaps at tho forthcoming Executive, ho will recorvo this appointment. To all intents and purposes Mr Seo is Ministor for ItailwayB now, and yesterday tho ComnURsionors paid their respects to him m that capacity BECAUSE of tho chango of Government anda consequent adjournment of Parliament until No vorüber l8, a break has been modo m the publication of Hansard The Aoting Government Printer has theroforo found it necessary to curtail his staff of compositors Consequently tho services of about 100 pieco hands are at prosont not required AT the meeting of the Executive Council jester day, Mr John Kidd was sworn in as Postmaster General Later in tho day ho officially took pos- session of tho Postal and Telegraph«) Dopartmrat Mr Daniol O'Connor, his predecessor, was thero to meet bim A hearty welcomo was forthcoming from the retiring Minister, AAho introduced his Bocoessor to the hoads of tho Postal and Telegraph Departments MBXBEBS of tho Logislativo Conned aro reminded that it will bo noocssary for them to moko i quorum to-day, in order that tho adjournment may bo moved for the election of Ministers A BEPÜTATIOV consisting of Messrs James Barns, Dugald Thomson, James Inghs, M L A, B Mohneaux, and J G Laing, representing- tira Australasian Kow Hebrides Compauv, Limited, and the Bev J M Ross, waited yostcrdaj upon tho Commondor- in-Chiof, Lord Charles Scott, m reforenoo to th_ recent murder of Mr Saliers by the nativos of Santo Tho deputation was cour toously rcooivod by tho Admiril to whom it AVIIS pointed out that tho regulations as at present carried ont bv tho naval authorities not only f ii to secure to British Bottlers protection to hfo, but strike a blow at British trado and sottlomont in tho Now Hebrides Group Tho privileges enjojcdbi trading companies, trading vessels, and by settler* belonging to other than tho British nationality wero oxplaiuod by tho deputation What u wanted also is that bona fido settlors should bo iblo to engage the natives of neighbouring islands to work for thom, and to act if required ft« a bodyguard, aAailablo for Bervico at Buch times as on tho occasion of tho murder of the late settler, Mr Sawers, whon tho murderously disposed local natives aro on ono of their periodical predatory visits For tho bettor protection of the hies of themselves and families, tho Bottlers should bo allowed to obtain firearms, and, whilo adnnttinjf that tho restriction placed on tho salo of firearms in the group is Balutary as regards the native trade, the deputation urged that tho prohibition slionld bo enforced by tho British and Trench, and not, as at present, by the British only lu tho coarto of tho interview it Avas mentioned that the regula- tions now existing wero introduced years ago, whon affaira m tho group wero entirely different Tho white population was migratory, thoro was no genuino attempt at settlement and very few sottlors At that tamo tlio means of com- munication wero uncertain Now an ocean service to Australia is maintained-a steamer calling twice each month at tho group, and a fast and comfortably fitted up steamer runs from island to island, connecting with tho larger vessels Settlers of good character, of experience, and possessing some capital havo talton up land at tlio Now Hebrides, and aro converting tlio ivasto places into fertile traots of cocoa, coffeo, rice maizo, and other products These people, it was oontendod, havo a claim, and a strong olaim, for protection as British subjecta After listening to tho state- ments of the deputation tho uommandor in-Chief said thatho would report tho visit of tho deputation and tho views that had boen expressed, tethe proper quarter, and would accompany tho report wita his recommendation An. O'COHNOB, on leaving tho Postal Depart- ment, addressed the following minuto te tto official« thero -"On vacating the Ministerial chair of Postmaster-General for tho second tune, and after an oecupanoy on tho present occasion for about the longest conimuous Minstonal period on record, I have extreme pleasure in bearmg myte8 bmony to the great public value of the serrioes rendered-in the first place as regards the mt Office-by the secretary, Mr S H. Lambton, whoso administrative ability, zeal, and integrity havo been of paramount valne to me, and ¿ave been dis- played m the most faithful and effectjvo manner, viewed in the light of his sernoes as a pnmio offioer, WtheaacBtant leorotery, Mr Dalgamo, to whom praise is lTkeTrioe due. It has been my good fortune to be brought into official «rat«* with Mr Dalgamo, both in hi« opacity aa attiit «nt asoreterj.ied wfaflst acting.«« msn*KJ&fy; JTr lambton'« recent and very unfortunate illness, and it affords mo tho greatc»fc ploasnro to place on record the high opinion I entertain of him as a jaalous, efficient, lovul, and cultured offioor, by tho Snponntendont of Tclographs, Colonol Crack- nell whoso knowlodgo of tho business of his de- portment, and whoso goniality of disposition havo {endered it a great pleasure on ray part to work with him It would, perhaps, bo invidious for mo in thiB minute to nlludo by namo to any of tho other numerous othcera whoso services I havo greatly appreciated, but to ono and all I oxpress jjiy thanks for tho faithful sorviocB they havo ren- dered to tho pubho during my term of office, and, jn saying this, I express my own personal thanks, for it followB that, in rendering effective pubho service, they bring personal renown on whatever Munster ro»f hold tho reins of office " AcooEDrso to arrangements mado by tho out- going Government, o certain number of workmen were engaged in transforming tho ship Sobraon into a suitable successor to tho training-ship Vernon A fixed sum of raonoy was sot aside to covor these operations The amount available is exhausted, and, as a result, the Pubho Works Department was advised yesterday that tho officer in charge will to-day disohargo 45 workmen unless additional funds aro forthcoming Mr W J Lyno, the Minister for Works, is unwilling that any delay »houldtako place in the transfer of tho reformatory principle so successfully applied by Captain Nieter stein on the Vernon, to quarters whero it may be mora offeotually applied To-day, therefore, the Minister for Works will approaoh tho Colonial Treasurer in the hopo that a suffioiont advance will bo availablo to complote the conversion of tho Sabraon into a training ship suitable for all prosont and near futuro requirements THE funeral of tho lato Hon William Byrnes, JILO, took placo yesterday afternoon Tho deceased gûntloinun was interred at Rookwood Cemetery Tho cofhn was first borno to tho Par- ramatta Wesloyan Church, whero a service was conducted by tie Rev Georgo Brown (Presidont of tho Conference), tho Rev Dr Sailors, and the Rev 0 J Prescott The Rev Dr Sollow deli- vered an address, m whioh ho reforrod to the long and hononrablo career of tho deceased gentleman There was a largo attendance of prominent towns- men at tho funeral THE principal caso boforo tho Pull Court yester- day was tho appeal of Sydnoy Hotlgo against an order mado by the Stipendiary Magistrate in Juno last, m tho "Water Police Court Hodge, it ap- pears, was convicted on an information charging him with a breach of tho Botting Houses Suppression Act, in noting as assistant for ono Lodge*» who while ostensibly carrying on tho business of a tobacconist m Georgo street, was alleged to run what is known in turf parlanoo as a " toto " Ho was fined £50, and appealed on the general grounds that there was no proof that Ledger had ohargo of tho " tote," and that thercforo ho (Hodge) was guilty of no offence Hodgo, however, admitted that tho propnotor of tho "toto" was one M'Gep, whoso sporting title was " Bravo," and that he assisted him Sir Julian Salomons stated that tho informant m tho caso was aoting on bohalf of the Rosehill Racing Club, which, ho said, was as much a gambling institution as atotalisator, and tho learned gentleman, in the conreo of his argu- ment, indulgod in a philippic against racing olubs generally as a potont source of gambling Tho Court considered that thoro was not BUfflciont evidence to justify tho conviction, and it was sot aside, but without costs THE 10 days of prayer at the Centenary Hall for tho baptism of tho Holy Ghost on the Churches of tho colony carno to a conclusion yesterdaj A meeting for prayer was hold at 7 in tho morning, tho Rov W G Toylor being m chargo At li o'clock an address was given by Mr W Bowmaker on "Recoiving tho Holy Spirit " A busuicsB-mon'a mooting took placo at 1 o'clock, when tho Rev T H Mullens spoko on tho subject of "Who is Your Business PartnerF" At half past 3 in the afternoon the Roy J Bennett Anderson gayo an address Tho closing thanksgiving servico was hold at half past 7 in tho evening, when various addresses were dohverod In addition to praiBO and prayor, numerous and remarkable testi- monies wore givon Tho Roy W G Taylor occupied tho chair The attendanco throughout tho day was largor than on any provious occasion A mooting of busmess mon and othors is to be , jeld at 1 o'clook to-day, to consider tho advis- ability of continuing the midday scry lees Is celebration of tho second anniversary of tho pastorate of tho Rev Josoph Parker, at the North Sydney Congregational Church, special sermons were preaohed there on Sunday lost-in tho morn- ing by the Rev W J L Closs, B A , and m tho evening by the Rov J Parker Last evening a largo numbor of members of tho congregation attended a eooial gathering which was hold in the schoolroom Mr Thomas Pratt (tho treasurer) presided, and among thoao who dohvered addresses wero tho Rov Josoph Parker, Mr J F Cullen, M L A , and Mr J A Hay (tho semor doaoon) Tho roporta presented, both financial and general, wero gratify- ing as regards tho past and tho piesont, and encouraging as to the futuro It was announced that dunng tho forthcoming year extia effort« would be mado to reduce tho church building fund debt, and boforo the pro ceedings onded the ohnirman was ablo to ¡tate that towards this object between £70 and £80 hao been promised A well selected musical pro- gramme was rendored by tho ohoir, under the oon ductorship of Mr Hodgo, and assisted by Miss Gkmldmg, of the Pitt-streot Congregational Church Miss Turton played tho accompani- ments A MEETING of tho Presbytery of Sydnoy was held In tho Palmor-etroet Presbyterian Church last night for the purpose of ordaining the Rov. Wm. Burnett, M.A., B.D., and inducting him into the thargo of tho ohuroh and parish of Woolloomooloo. The members of Presbytery present were tho Revs. J. Walker (modorator), G. M'Innes, B.D. (olork), J. Cosh, M.A., J. Milne, M.A., T. E. Clouston, B.A., G. Grimm, M.A., A. Millor, M.A., and Messrs. Dunlop and M'Cruo (oldors). Tho Rev. J. H. Craig, of Forbes, was associated, and the Eov. T. Steele, JM.A., was also present. Tho edict vyos road for tho third und last timo hy tho Eov. G. M'Innes. ThoRov. J. Milno, M.A., conducted publio wor- ship and preached a sermon. The coromonios of ordination and induction wero thon porformed, Mr. Burnett thereafter rccoiving tho right hand of fellowship from tho members of presbytery pro sent. The Rev. J. Cosh, M.A., dolivored tho charge to tho minister, and tho Eev. G. Grimm, M.A. gave the charge to tlio congregation. Tho proceedings wero closed Avith tho pronouncing of tho benediction. THE seventeenth annual tea meeting and soireo in conncotion Avith St. David's Church, Arthur street, Surry Hills, wns bold last evening in tho Protestant Hull, Castloreairh-strcot. ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, Paddington, held itd annual toa mooting and concert last OA'oning, in tho spacioiiB Paddington Town Hall. Tho Rev. Dr. Gilchrist presided, and was supported on tlio platform by tho Rovs. James Maoaulay, M.A. (Waverloy), R. S. Paterson (Pyrmont), Richard llacky, and H. Maoreody, who all dolivored short addresses. Tho choir rendered four choruses-: " Sweet and Low," " Hail Smiling Morn," " Tho Huntsman's ChoruB," and " Awako, TEolian Lyre." Vooul quartets, "Rost, Dearest, nest," and "EA'ening," wero given by gentle- men amateurs ; and the duet, " Maying," by Misses Minnie Ireland and Rosabello Gilchrist. The solos wero : "Queen of the Earth," Mr. M. Mactaggart ; " Mona," Mr. Jenkins ; " Sing, Sweet Bird," MÍBS Amy Ireland ; " Sing to mo the auld Scots songs," Miss Gilchrist ; " A Sol- dier and a Man," Corporal Johnson ; " Good- bye" (Tosti), Miss Maud Ireland; " Alono on the Itaft," Mr. Charles Ireland; and "GoodCom- pany," Mr. Jenkins. MÍBS Claire Ferguson played a pianoforte solo, and Sergeant Leslie gavo »fantasia, "Martha" (Singol6o), on the violin, «nd " La Babillard " (Torsohak) on the Auto. Mr. James Koith Morioo aotod as conductor, and the accompanist was Mr. Norman Mactaggart. THE School of Arts Debating Club hold ita Weekly meeting on Monday evening last. Mr. Jinúemmoved,-J'ThatitisdeBirablo to pass a kw limiting the amount of property that any Oion can toko under a will or as next-of-kin of in intestate, and providing that no person can take under a will a greater amount than the value of we testator's property divided by the number of na children." The debato was adjourned. THE second of a series of leoturos on English uteraturo was given yesterday afternoon in the Behool of Arts by Mrs. Arthur Edwards. Last *«jk Mrs. Edwards dealt with Browning. Yes- terday ehe ohose as her subjeot tho poets of the Uifflbethan period. ' She referred particularly to ««ge, Spencer, Shakespeare, Sir Philip Sydney, «tlror Brook, and others. A lEoroius on " Mark Twain, the Amerioan anmonrist," waa given last evening by the Rev. wwge Walters in tho Hyde Park Unitarian mama. The lecture was ol an appréciative i character, and was onlivoncdby numerous readings from Mark Twain's works. Those readings wore givon with considerable spirit and dramatio ability, and oroated much amnsemont. THE prize firing in connection with tho annunl competitions of tho New South Walos Rifle Asso- ciation was continued yesterday on tho Randwick Rango. In tho early morning and late in tho afternoon tho light was rather trying, but during tho rest of tho day it was favourable to the com- petitors, by many of whom tall scores wero mado. Satisfaction with the ammunition sorvod out, and with the Tate at which the ronrkors got through their work was generally expressed, and altogether the men soomod to bo more at homo and moro com- fortable on tho range than on tho first day. Owing to the unpreoedentodly large number of oompotitors tho task of analysing tho scores and preparing tabulated statements is exceedingly heavy, but tho system adopted by Warrant - officer Tideswell, Warrant - officer Murphy, and Quartermaster-sergeant Rouss, upon whom tho bulk of ? the work falls, is based upon large experience, and is so completo that scarcely a moment is lost in getting the returns posted. This morning the third stage of tho Queen's will bo fired, and in the afternoon the. Dangar and Special Members, matches will be taken in hand. A LABOE attendanco of shareholders in the now Penny Felry Company for Balmain, and a great numbor of ladies, assombled at the foot of Duko-strcot on Monday afternoon, to witness the laying of tho kool of the first now ferry boat. Captain Napier, tho ohainnan of the board of directors, having briefly addressed those present, called upon Mr. j. Johnston, M.L.A , who spoke in eulogy of the first provisional committee and the present directors in having brought tho company to its presont advanced stage. Ho thought Balmain largo enough to support two companies with its 25,000 people, and thoy all know that nearly the wholo population travelled by tho ferry, as Balmain was the only suburb that was dofioiont in 'bus, cab, and tram facilities. Messrs. W. A. Murphy and G. D. Clark, Ms.L. A., also addresaed thoso present, after whioh the Mayor. Alderman J. A. Brodie, presented Miss Ruby Napier with a mallot. Miss Napier walked along the keel, and, after striking each end three times, de- clared tho kool to bo well and truly laid. Throo cheers'wero then given for Mies, Mrs., and Cap- tain Napier, and for tho Mayor and members for tho district, after whioh an adjournment was mado to tho School of Arti, whoro tho shareholder», their wives, and children, to tho number of about 400, wera regaled with refreshment!. Tho secre- tary, Mr. Henderson, thon gavo a history of tho company from its inception, pointing out that 11,866 shares had been taken up, which at calls of la per month brought £550. Tendera had boen accepted for two boats, to cost £6650, or with tho olectrio light £6850. Tenders would be called for a third boat when sufficient shares wero taken to warrant it. Monday's ovont was further celebrated by a concort in tho Town Hall at night. Tho hall was well filled. It is estimated that 1100 woro present. Mr. P. J. Nelligan presided, and the following were the chief contributors to tho entertainment :-Mr. Walter Rooks, a recita- tion on electricity, and the Misses King, two juvenile performers in neat attire, danced the Highland Fling. Miss Clarke, Mr, Cassidy, and Mr H. Phillips wero tho recipients of woll-merited appreciation. Afterwards a social was held, and dancing was indulged in. A LAD named William Graham, aged 14 years, was admitted into tho Sydney Hospital yesterday, with a fractured log. Whilo playing with some other boys ho had taken a jump and twisted his foot. Bartholomew Daly, aged 64 years, a labourer, was admitted into the same institution, suffering from a cut 1 Jin. deep in his head. He had fallon down stairs. The jookoy Curran, who was admitted into the Prince Alfred Hospital on Saturday in an unconsoious state, tho result of a fall in tho Moorefield races, has much improved in health. TOE man Olnf Jonsen, who was admitted to the Sydnoy Hospital on Monday, suffering from in- juries received on board tho ship Kosciusko, died in tho hospital yesterday. An inquest will be hold to-day. A VANMAN named Georgo Boyeo, aged 53 years, died on Monday night at tho North Sydney Cottago Hospital. Ho had beon admitted into tho hospital on tho 7th instant, suffering from injuries to the body about tho ribs, whioh hod been caused by a fall from a van. Deceased was a married man and lived with his wife at Parramatta. An inquest will bo held to-day at tho hospital. AN inquest was hold at the Croydon Hotel yesterday on tho body of a man? narnu unknown, found floating on Monday in the water at Dawes battery. Evidence relating to tho finding of the body was talton, and the jury returned an open verdict of found drowned. AT tho Criterion Theatre the difficulties oaused by tho epidemia whioh appears to be run- ning through the company havo boon wall overcome, considering all tho circumstances of the oaso. Mr. Cosgrove, in particular, deserves credit for his invaluable aid at a critical junoture. Ho proved almost letter-porfeot on Monday in tho heavy part of Tom Stylus, though it was placed in his hands h_p Mr. Boncicanlt only tho previous afternoon, and last night he had an intelligent grasp of tho character. Mr. A. G. Poulton is now doubling the parts of "the Jow bailiff and tho Irish club orator, and the comedian gives a remarkably good acoount of himself in both parts. Much sympathy is felt with Mr. Bouoicault in his haras- sing anxieties, which press all the heavier owing to the fact that ho is himself suffering from tho prevailing complaint. Mr. Mayne has fortunately arrived from Molbourno to replaça Mr. Magoo for a timo as business manager, and his return from England has thus provod most opportune In tho meantime, playgoers will find an excollent repre- sentation of " Sooioty" at tho Criterion Theatre, whero tho pieco is running moothly to appreciative audionces. MB. FEED LESLIE'S farewell benefit at tho Theatre Royal this ovoning forms tho important theatrical ovent of tho week, as tho occasion will bo coincident with the last appearance in Australia of tho London Gaiety Company. "Ruy Blus, or tho Blasé Roué," will bo per- formed, and playgoers will thus havo an oppor- tunity of seeing tho comedian in ono of his best characters, as "Don Caesar " in the bnrlosquo in which ho has so olovcrly contrived to suit tho diverso talents of tho company. To-morrow Miss Warskit's danoing doss holds tho house, on Friday tho theatre doses, and on Saturday Mr. Alfred Dampior initiates his season with " Robbery Under Arms." Tho box plan for tho Dampior season is now open. HENEY ABTHDE JONES'S now drama, "The Dancing- Girl," has boon growing in publio favour at Hor Majesty's Theatre since its produotion ten days ago, and thora is accordingly no question of a, ohange at that house. Tho drama is full of in- terest, much of tho dialogue has literary valuo, and the staging is unusually fino. Tho opening sot, showing tho Cornish coast, in partioular, is ono of tho most beautiful pictures over soon at this theatre. AT tho Garriok Theatro tho trials and troubles of "The Librarian" in the person of Mr. George Leitch ovorburthonod with bandboxes, and craving for buns, aro causing general hilarity, and tho actor oortainly gives a comical version of the familiar " Private Secretary." Tho last nights of the presont programme are now advertised. Miss NAYLOB announces a concert for this even- ing at the T. M. C. A. Hall in aid of a poor woman and hor ohildnra. Messrs. Rivers Allpress, NoviUe G. Barnett, Miss Lottie Hyams, Miss O'Reilly, and other well-known artistes, will con- tribute to the programme, in whioh several loading amateurs will also toko part. The plan is open at Paling's. THE thunderstorm which broko over tho oity as the ovoning closed in militated against any con- siderable audience attending the concert given under Mr. J. A. Dolany's direction at the Centennial Hall last night. It is stated, however, that a great number of tickets had been sold, so that tho oharity-the now Catholio Church at Manly-is likely to benefit in any oaso. His Eminence Cardinal Moran, Sir Patrick Jennings, and a strong committee gave their patronage, and in spite of the absenco of the " gentlemen amateurs," and of Mrs. M'Donald, through illness, the programme waa well re- ceived. The indisposition of the soprano was serions, however, as she waa to have sung an air from Henri Kowalski'« opera " Gilles de Bretagne," for the first time in Australia. This item, the only novelty on a long programme, was necessarily omitted ; but some compensation was made by the addition of a fantasia upon " Guillaume Tell," for violin and piano, played with muoh grace and spirit by Herr Peohotsoh and M. Kowalski. Tho French pianist also gave a fine rendering, marked both by sentiment and brilliancy, of Chopin's " Soherzo in B flat minor," and lie further delighted -the house with two charming pieces of his own, " Badinage " and " Roses da Bohême," both of -which were rendered with extraer dinary dash and brilliancy Herr Fechotsoh waa at his best in Vionxtemps' " Reverie," whioh ho played with muoh feeling and taste as an oncoro to tho same composer's " Souvenir d'Ameriquo " with whioh ho had previously brought down tho house Mrs F J Riloy, whoso fine voice is alwayB hoard to advantago in tho great hall, gave an acceptable rendering of Hope Temple's pretty ballad "Thoughts and Tears," and Miss Vioette was encored for a sympathetic inter- pretation of "Douglas Gordon," to which she added Tosti's " Venetian Song " Mr D Clancy proved in fino voice in Blumonthal's "Boat- man's Song," one of the best items in the siugor's xoportoiro , and Mr J J Hinohy s pretty tenor voice gave sweet expression to Purcell's musio, so fitly wedded to the quaint verse beginning " I attempt from love's siokness to Fly " Mr P B Kenna gave grateful aid in Gounod's tendor music to "Maid of Athens, whioh ho song with feeling | and Mr J A Delany accompanied the singers throughout with all his accustomed skill "RANDWICK" writes complaining of tho over- crowding of the framcars by the volunteers who daily travel to and from the nfle'bntto, some of whom persist in smoking then* tobacco pipos in the cars, much to the disgust of non- smokers, the weed being, as a rule, anything but swoet-smell íng He further says -" As our ' painted war- riors ' enjoy tho luxury of being oarned at half faros-a palpoblo injustice to tho regular trav&'Iers on this brie-the least they might do is to conform to tho bylaws regulating the passenger trafilo " O* Lady Galway, the Speaker says -'' Her literary friendships were numerous and valuable Carlyle has given a graphio but flattering descrip- tion of tho young beauty, as he first saw her when ho went to Fryston in 1841, as the guest of Monckton Milnes, and she had many delightful reminiscences of the philosopher In later years her ohief literary friendship was that which she maintained to tho lost with Robert Browning He seldom passed a Sunday m London whon she was in town without going to see her Tennyson was one of the friends of her youth, and it seems but tho other day that sho told an amusing story of her first meeting with the Laureate It was very soon after tho oloseof his college days, whon he went to her fathor's houso at Bawtry to Btay with his fellow Btudent, Riohard Milnes Tho young girl had read some of Tennyson's verses, and was excited by the thought of meeting, for the first timo in her life, a poet of real enunenco She suffered a melan- choly Burpnso when, on suddenly entering hor brother's room, she discovered tho poet seated with his head in the fire placo, m order that the smoko of his pipo (detested by Richard Milnes) might escape by the chimney, whilst a huge jug of beer on the floor bsftido him bore testimony to the par- ticular kind df nectar which ho preferred Liko hor brother, Lady Galway was for the greater port of her life a personal fnond of Mr Gladstone, to whoso high intellectual qualities she always did justico But, unlike her brother, sho was a strong Tory by inclination and conviction, and her political idol was the late Lord Beacons- field "With him sho and her husband had been on terms of oloso intimacy for many years, and she had much to Bay of him, both in his earlier and later days With tho ex-Royal family of France and with tho Austrian Imperial family sho had been acquainted almost from girlhood, and among her many interesting experiences was the visit she paid to Claremont to see King Louis Philippe and his wifo, immediately after thou- arrival m this country in 1848 A familiar figuro in London sooiety, her death snaps anothor of the links bind- ing tho present generation to the post TjNTJisnnuiED by tho prospect of an irruption of the RusBian Volunteer Fleet into the -Egean, the English Post Offico has (says tho Spcakei) been negotiating with a view to the oventual transport of the Indian mails via Vienna, Belgrade, and Salónica The journey from London to Belgrado, by tho Orient express from Strasburg, takes at present just over two days The journey from Belgrado to Salónica now takes about ¿2 hours, though, as tho distanco is not much over 350 miles, it could cosily bo reduced to 14, or to a good deal less, if (which is very unlikely) Servian and Turkish railways are properly laid Tho passage from Salónica to Fort Said ought not to toko much moro than 50 hours, and might be done in a good deal less Thus tho whole journey from London to Port Said might be performed in a little over four days and a half, or nearly one day less than at present No doubt tho soheme is partly suggested by the desirability of securing an alternative route, should tho route via Bnndisi be closed by a European war But the change will be a con- siderable advantago to the travellor for pleasure It will immensely facilitate visits to the -3_gean, and make Athens far more accessible than it is at present BAEKIBTEM anxious for bnofa but unpatromsod by the litigious publio havo (says the London Daily Telegraph) become so numerous, both at the Old Bailey and the MiddloBex Sessions, that the great "soup" question is assuming an importance whioh somo of the older and more staid members of the prof esBion regard as approaching a scandal Very few of tho outside publio know what a barrister's "soup"moans A largo number of prisoners aro prosecuted at the expense of the etty or county authorities, the briefs in the oases being distributed by the olerks of the various courts, as soon as true bills are returned by the grand jury, among barristers who would otherwise be altogether unemployed These briefs are called "soup," and the learned gentleman who obtains one is considered lucky in having received a certain quantity of nourishment for tho day Tho minimum fee accompanying a bnof of this kind is a guinea, bnt if there are a number of wit- nesses to be examined, it may run to two or even four guineas The wiggod- and-gowned candi- dates for " soup " havo within the last half dozen years increased to au alarming extent, and make overt-res for the doles whioh formerly wero unheard of li the clerk makes a joke barristers are always to be found to laugh at it immode- rately, in tho hope that ho will in return reward them with a " soup " So great has the omah at the distributions of "soup" now become, that Boones of a not very dignified kind sometimes ooour, and a movement is therefore talked of to obtain a ohango in the present arrangement of patronage "LOHENQBTJ" has been porformod at the National Academy of Musio, botter known OH the Grand Opera, and tho not result of the experiment has been (says a Paris correspondent) a few broken panes of glass, a cracked skull or two, and a mag- nificent artistio triumph over brawling Chauvinism and noisy hlaokguardhuoss parading under false colours as "Pat^otism " Those who woro fortunato enough to bo prosont at tho truly splondid musical treat ofierod thom by tho managers of tho Opera last night could not but bo struck, as they loft the houso, by tho oontrast botwoon what thoy had just witnessed and what then met thoir eyo In sido a brilliant gathering of all that is best among the literary, artistio, and fashionablo worlds-ni a word, tho intelloot of Franoo- had listened in almost religious süonoo, broken only by irre- sistible outbursts of applause, to a foreign masterpiece, judging tho opera and its ex- ponento on their monte, and not allowing any mock patriotism to interfora with a just ap- preciation of tho work Outside, a donso mob, hoarsoly Bhriokmg, "A bas Jfagnei !" "Abas la Puisse!" "A bas" ovorything and every- body, in faot, except Franco and Russia Not 1 per oont of this agglomeration of roughs and idlers had any serious objeot in their efforts to disturb the peace Most of the brawlers were simply viotims of that French mama for shouting " PIM" this or "Abas" that, which, on one memorable occasion, helped not a little to hurl the country towards disaster and humiliation The Parisian loafer is the first to aggravate the police, and then to oomplain of the brutality of the force I find that, m my account of the numbor of arrests effected in the oonrso of last ovenmg, I consider- ably under-eBtimated the figure, whioh amounted to about 12UÜ By dint of booral wooding out last night, the number of prisoners was brought down to about 60, and this has beon further rednood this morning to about two dozen WE aro requested to draw attention to tho fact that the express trains for Melbourne to-day will leave Sydney at 4 SO p ra and 5 15 p m , toe 4 55 p m. special from Sydney being withdrawn 