THE BOTTLE IMP. ; OHAlTDIt II.— (ConrisuEii ) 1,sto,ri nPorowdl50nit1aKrWO l0»»k >>"»'' l> " Vo». ...a bado lHmg„oul!c «uw tlio truth ot it waa tliia — \» Koawo undressed for bin biih ho aniLrl upon liia iloah a jmtoh liko a patch of V ?" ? ' nml 11 w ll'vti that lie |7> - "ll'!»oi auigiiig. For lie know the liko- / ' n,t\ii - Pf0'1" "uJ 1,0 know that 1,Q .<: naii fallen in thu CMneio ovi|. foil iiiln'ihf " "i"d fur »ny man to ' Ih,« »'<"»»». And it would lio bonutif n'on r m,yu" l'J.lcavu a huuso oo ; f.0""1 l1.1 '! "J.8'.' oointaodtooa and depart M?ii?ikai "I f"U"ll.B tl10 ,1Urtl1 C»a" " .oahr"i.!;"l,vm,::..u!o,m.i«i'ty «>» ' c na una uiat to tlio : ' \ c" « thoman Koawo? Ho who hod met his lore hut yesterday, and won her out that morning, and now oaw all bis glass? 'n ' mumo"t lil:o tt P'00 of Awbilo ho aat upon tho uilgo cf llio oath ; then aprong with a cry nnd ran out- Bido, and to and fro along tho balcony liko ono despairing. i Vory well could I leave Hawaii, tho homoof my fatliora,'' ICeawo was liiiukin''. .. .T A«l«tly could. I leave -my houso, tlio high placed, tlio' inoilr 'wiudcwedf hero upon tho mountains. Very bravoly f ff ta Midokni, to Kaiaupnpt-by tho clifti, to livo with tho emitton and to Ploep .thero far from my fathora. . But wlint wrong have T dono, what; sin lies upon my soul that I nhotild have oncoiiii- toted Kokua coming cool lrom tho sua water in" tho ovoning— Kukua tho soul fnsuarciy Kukua tho light of my lifo ? Hor may I never wed, hor mny I look upon no longer, hor may I no inoro haudl'o with my lovmg liand. Aud it is for this -rit is for you, O Kukua, that I pour my Jamontations J" Thoroupoti ho called to mind it was tho noxt day tho Hall wont by on hor return to Honolulu. 44 Thoro must I go first." ho thought, "and seek Lopaka. For tho best hopo that I havo now is to find that samo bottle I was so pleased to got lid of." Now you aro to obsorvo what kind of a man Koawo was. for ho mi"ht liaro diralt t.ioro in tlio Bright Houso fcr yours and S no ono bcon the wisor of his stakness ; but -, ho reckod nothing of that if ho must loso Kukua, And again ho might have wed , Kokua oven as ho was; nnd so many would havo dono bneauso thoy havo tho souls of pigs. But Koawo lovod the inaid manfully and ho would do hor no hurt aud brine lior in no danger, A littlo hoyoud tho midst of tho night came in hio mind tho recollection of that bottle. Ho went round to the b.iuk porch nnd callod to memory thu day 'when tho . devil had looked forth, nnd nt tho thought ice ran in his vuius. dreadful thing is tho buitlo," thought ICuuwo, " and dreadful is tho imp, and it is a dreadful thing to risk thu V flames of hull. But what other lsunu havo 1 to euro my siokiiuss or to wod Kokua? Wlmt I" ho thought, would I beard iho dovilonco only to get mo a houao ami not faoo him again to win Kokua?" m- " i Novor a wink could ho sleep, tlio f« od j£, ... stuck in his throat ; but ho sent a lottor p.,- .. . to Ktaiio, an-i- about tho timo when the .. stuamor would bo coining rodo down bu- aide ..tho cliff uf tl.o tombs. Drained; . . his liorso wont hddvily ho looktd up at tin black.'.inbuth t'if caves aiid ho' onvicd tho dead that slept thoro ami wore dono with trouble, ami callod lo mind how he had gallup&d; by tho day buforo. aud 'was astonished. Sohocimodown to lluukitia, and thoro was iill tho country gathered for tlio steamer, as usual. In t'lo ahrd liiforo the sloro thoy sat aud j stud and (usaoil tho nows; but thnro wa3 no niattor of speooh in Koawo'a boao n, and ho eat in. . thoir midsL and iotked without on tho ' rain falling on tlio liouaus and tho surf beating among tho rooks, and tho sighs aroso in ins tin oat 11 Koawo, of tlio Bright House, is uutof spirits, " snid one to uiivtlier. Indeed, andso ho was, and litle wonder. Thou tho lliiil cauio aiid tho whulobont carried luiu on board. Tlio after part of tho ship was full of HnolcBTr.wliitcs— who liad buoir to visit tho volcano, us thoir custom is, and tho midst wob orowded with Kanakas, and tho ford part with wild bulls from Hilo and- horaos from Kau ; but Keawo aot apart from all in his sorrow, nnd watched for. tho 'houso of ICtauo. Thoro it sat low upon tho shore in tho black rocks nnd ehsded. by (ho cocoa palius, nnd thoro by tho door wan a i red lioluku, no greater, than n' fly, and ! gob'g to aud fro with a fly's business. i'Vf / »» Ah, qucon of my hoart," ho cried, ' I will venture inydcur soul to win you 1' ; ; Soon after darkness fell and tiio cabins i; -wero lit up, and the Haolos at and plnybd at-thecards and drnnk whisky, as thoir custom is but Keawo wnlkod tho deok ®U night, and all tho uuxt day,.ns they 4 steaiuod under tho loo of Maui or of 'Molo». u V ksi, ho was still pacing to and fro liko a wild animal in a mvnageri'. f . Toward owning tliey passed Diamond ' Head and came to tlio pier of Honolulu, ' Koawo otopped out among tho crowd and ViMfVftn In (Iftlr ffll TrlinnkS. It l'.'oi1)ed IlO had bocomo tlio ownor of a sohooncr, nono bottor in tho islands, and was gouo upon an adventure as far as PohvBola or luihika; no there was no holp tube Iookotl for from Topuka. Keawo called to ininu a frioud of. his, a lawyer in tho town ft : must not toll liis name), nud intjuirod of him j thoy said ho had grown suddenly ' rich and had' o fine now hewso upim WaiLiki slioro ; and this put a thought in \- Koawo'e head, and ho called a hack and drove to tho lawyer's houso. Tho house was oil brand new, and tho trees in tho garden no greater than walk tag oticka, and tho lawyer (when .ho came; had tho air of a man woll plotiaud. What can I do to servo you? said tho lawyer. . „ t .4 You aro a friend of Lopakas, rophud ICuawe, "andLopaka purchased from nio a cortaiu picco of goods that I thought you might ouubto'mo to trace, " | : Tho lawyer's face became very dark. . ,V 1 do not profess to'imiundordandyou, v Mr. Koawo," oad ho, 11 though this is en ugly business to bo stirring in. \ou niay bosuru .I know nothing, but yet I have a 5 end if you- would apply i" a car fVatu nuartor, I think you might havo jaows. And ho named tho untiio of a man, : svhioh ngaui I had bettor not repeat. So 4t was for days; 'and' Koh we went from ono to another; finding everywhere uow . . clothes and carriages, aud fine now hotisci .and men ovorywhero in. great content -cwnfc f although (to. bo cure) when ht hinted at his business, their faces would cloud over. i." nm upon tho track" tnouglit Iveawy. ' Theao new clothes and carriages aro nil the gifts of tho little imp, and tlieao glad faces are thu focus of inon who have tnkon their profit and got rid oftho accursed thing iu eufuty. When I coo pale cliuuks and hear sighing, I shall Know tlmt I am near tho buttlo." So it bofoll at lost that ho was rcconi- inundcd lo a Haolo in Beritauia streot. When ho caiuo lo the door, about tho hour of tho cvotiing mcrJ, thero were tho usual marks of a new housoj and the young garden, and tho oicctiio lights shining in tho window ; but when tho owncrcatno a ihock of hope and fear ran through Kuiuvo. Fur hero was a young man, whito as a corpee, pud black about tho eye, the hair shedding from Ills head aud such n luuk in bin countonnnco as a inau may havo a lien ho is waiting for tho gallows. M Here it is, to bu sure,' thought ICea? wo ; and so with this inau " ho noways veiled his arraud. ' J cuino to buy tlio bottle, "-said lie. At tho word tho young llaulo of Bar- itania street reeled against tho wall. " The bottlo 1" ho gnspod. ' To buy tlio bottle.'' Then ho soeinod to ohoko, atul eotziug Koawo by the arm carried him into ft room and poured out wino in two glasses. A Hero is my respects," said Kyawc, whii hau bcou muoh about with Haoles in his lime. "Yea," ho added, "lam coiuo lo bny tho bott'o. What is tho iirico by now 1" . , At that word tlio young man lot his glees «lip through his lingvrs, and looked .upon Koawo liko a ghost. 14 Tho price," says lie. The price. You do uut know the price?" 44 It isjor that T nm asking you," re turned Kuawo, ." But why are you so much concerned V Is there anything wrong about tho prico ?' 44 It ha dropped a great deal in value sinco your time, Mr. Koawo," said tho youuc man, stammering. Woll, woll, 1 ahull havo to pay leas for it, 'says Keawe, 44 How.rauoli did it cost you ? ' Tlio young rami wa» ns wliito as a sheet, "Twoceuts," naid ho. "AVhatl" cried Kawo ; two cents? Why, thon you can oiiiy sellit for ouo. And ho wlio buys it— Tho words died upon Keawo's tongue, Uo who bought it eould novor sell it Again tlio bottle aiid thu buttlo imp must abido with him until ho died, and whon ho died must carry him to tlio red end of hell. Ttio young man of Boritania stroot fell upon his kuecs, 44 For Oud'a sako buy it 1' ho cried. 44 You can havo all my fortune in tlio bargain. I waB mad whon I bought it at that prico. I had emfaoz- zlcd raonoy at my store ; I was lost o!so I must havo pono to juil," 44 Poor creature," said. Keawo. 44 You would risk your soul upon so dusporato an adventure, and to avoid the proper pimishniont of your owu disgrace ; and you think I could hositato with love in frout of ino. Givo mo tbo bottle and tho change whioh 1 mako sure you havo all ready. Ilorc is a five cent piece." It was as Kuawo supposed ; tho young man had tho change roudy in n draw ; the buUlu changed hands, and Kouwo's Ihigurs were no sooner olnsp> d upon tho stalk than ho breathed hiB wisli to bo a clean man. And sure enough, when ho -gut homo to his roo n ho stripped himsolf bofure a glass, his flesh was wholo liko an itifiiut's. And hero was tho etrnngo thing ; ho had nosouuor soog this wiraolo than his mind was changed within hiui, and ho cured naught for tho Ohinoso Evil, aud littlo enough for Kakua ; and had bub ono thought, that hero ho wus bound to tho -bottlo imp fortimoaiid eternity, and ho had no better hopo but to bu cinder furoverin tho flumes of hoil. Axvay ahead of him lio siw tlibm blazo iu fiis iiiiiid'H eye, and his soul shrank, and dm kiioss fyll upun tlio light. When Kuttwocumo to himself a little, ho was nwnroit wus iho night when tho hand played at thu hotel. -Thither lio no tumvu w uo umuu ;nna thoro, among the happy faces, walked too and fro, and heard thu tuuus go up nnd dow.i, nnd saw Burger boat the measure, - and all tho while ho heard tlio flinios onioklo and saw tho rod firo burning in tho bottomless pit. Of a sudden tho band playod 4IIika-noao ; " that was a .song that ho hud sung with Kokua, and ut tho strain oourago returned to Him. 44 It is dono now," he thought, 44 and once raoro lot mo take tho good along with the oviJ." So ib bofoll that he roturnod to Hawaii by tho first steanier, and ns soon as ib could bo manog.'d lio was woddod to ICokua, nud c irriud hor up tho mountain sido to tho.Bright Houao. Now, ib was with theso two that when thoy were together, Keawo's heart was stilted, but so soon'as ho wa alono ho fell into a brooding horror, nnd heard tin fl lines oraoklo and saw tho rod fire buru in tho bottomless pit. Tho girl, indcod, hndcomo In him-wholly jhur hoirb leaped in hor sido at siglit of liiin, hor lmnd clung to his, and alio was ; so fashioned from tho hair upon hor head to tlio nails upon her toos that none ooiild see lior without joy. . She was pleasant in hor nature. She had tho good word always, Full of cones .sho was, and went to and fro in tho Bright Houso the brightest thing in its threo stories, caroling like biido. And Koawo behold andhonrd hor with delight, and then must shrink upon onostde, and weep and groan to think upon tho prico ho had paid for hor ; nud thon ho must dry his oyos, and uash his fnoo, ana go aud sit with hor on tho broad balooniea, joining in her songs, and (with n sick spirit) nnsworing ; her smilca. Thoro cauio a day when hci foat began to get- heavy and her songs more raro'; aud now it was Kuawo only that would weep apart, but u.ioli would sunder from tho other, and sit in opposito balconies, witlrtho' wliolo width uf thu Bright 'House betwixt. Kuawo was so sunk in his des pair he soarco observed the cliango, and was only glad ho had nioro hours to -sit alone and- -brood upon his destiny, and was not so frupiontly candomncd tq pull n Biniliug face on n nick hoart. Bub one day, coming softly through tho houso, ho heard tho sound of n child sobbing, and there was ICokua rolling hoi faco upon tlio balcony fluur aud wooping liko tho lost. " You do well to keep iu tho hcuso, ICokua," ho said, 44 and yet I would give tho head oil' my body that you, -at least, might havo boon huppy." 14 Happy l" she cried, ICoawo, when you lived nlono in yourBriuht Houso you were the word of tub island for a happy men ; laughter and song woro in your mouth, and yoiir faeb was as bright ns tho suiiriso. Then you wodded poor Kokua, and tho'good God knows 'ivhat is umiss in her, hut from that day you havo not imiiied.' Oh 1" site cried, 4,,wliat ails me? i thought I was nrotty, and I know 1 lovod him. What ails me that I throw vliis cloud upon my hUsband 4 . 44 Pom Kokua," said Keawc. Ho sat down by her side nm! sought to take her hand, but that olio plucked nway. 44 Poor Kukua," ho said, again. 4,My puorohild, my pretty 1 Aud I thought nil this while to spare vou ! Woll, y.m shall know ail. Then jit least you will pity pour Keawo ; thon you will understand how much bo has loved you in thu past, that ho darod hell for your possession, and how muoh ha loves you still — tho poor, tho condem ned ouo— that ho can yet call up a smilo whon ho behold you." With that ho tutJ her all ovon from tho boginning. 44 kou havo dono this for mo?" bIio ctiud. 44 Alt, woll, thon, what do I cato ?" and alio olapuit -and wept upon him. 44 Ah, child," said iiuawo, 44 and yet, when 1 consider tho llro of hell, I caro a goou deal." 44 Never toll mo," she said, 44 no man can bo .lost booauso he luvod Kokua, and no other fault. I toll you, Koawo, I shall euro you with theso hands or perish in your company. What I you lovod mo, and you guvo your sunt, and you think I will nut tlio to save you in return ?" 44 Ah, my dear, you might dio a hun- dred times and what diflforenco would that inako ?"he cried, 44 oxccpt to leavo mo lotiuly till tho time comes of my dam nation." 44 You know nothing/' said sho; I was oduoatod in a school in Honolulu ; I am no common girl, and I toll you I shall savo ray lovor. .What U this you say about a cent ? . But all tho world is not Amorican. In England thoy havo a pioco called a farthing, which is about half a cont, Ah, sorrow, sho cried, 44 that makes it scarco hotter, for tlio buyor must bo lost, nnd wo shall find nuno so bravo ns my Kuawol But, thou, thoro is Fraucoj thoy havo a small coin thoro which is callod a coulimo, and theso go five to tho cent cr thereabout. Wo could not do better. Como, Koawo, lot us go to tbo French island ; lot us go to Tahiti as fast os tho ships, cnu boar us. Thoro wo have four centimes, threo contiinos, two contiiiios, ono centime ; four possiblo sales to comeand go on, and two of us to push tho bargain. Oomo, mv Keawo, kiss rao, and banish- oare. Kokua will defend you." ' - .: 44 Gift, of Gods," ho cried, 44 1 cannot think that God will punish mo for desire ing aught so good. Bo itasyou will, thee i take mo whore you nloasu ; I put my lifo and my salvation in your hands." Early tho next day Kokua was about hor preparations. She took Keawo's ohnst that ho wont with sailorlng ; and first fillQ nilt (hn bnttln in IIia nnenno find thon packed it with tho richest of their clothos and tho bravest of tho kniok- knacks in tho houso. 44 For," said sho, 41 wo mustsoom to be sick folk, or who will beliovo in tlio bottlo ?" AU tho timo of her preparation sho was as gay as & bird ; only whon sho luukcd upon ICoawo tho tears would spring in her oyes and sho must run nnd kiss him. As for Kea wo, a weight was ofFhis soul ; now that ho had his secret shared, and somo hopo iu front of hira, ho aaouiod liko a now man, his' foot wont lightly on tho earth, and his breath was good to hira again. Yet was terror still at hts elbow; and over and ngain, as tho wind blows out a taper, hope did in him, and lio saw tho flames too and tho .red fire burn in hull. It was given out iu tho country thoy were go no pleasuring to tho states ; whioh wus thought n ntraugo thing, and yot not so s\range as tho truth, if any could havo guossod it. So thoy ivuiil to Honolulu in tho Hall, and theuco in tho Umatilla to San Fru'iciioo with a crowd of Haolos, and ot San Francisco took their passago by tho mail brigantino, tho Tropio Bird, for Fapccto. tho chief plaqo of tho French iu tho Suutli Sea islands. Thither th'ey came, after a pleasant voyage, on a fair duy of tho trade wind, and saw tlio reef with tho surf breaking aiid MoiuU with its palins, ami tlio schooucra riding safely inside, and tlio whito houses of the town .low down along the shore among green tress, and overhead tlio mountains and tho clouds of Tahiti, tho Wiso. Island. .. «m,uuuu iuu uiv» iTiau iu mra a house, which thoy did accordingly oppo sito tho British Consul's ; to make a great parade of raouoy, and themselves con- spicuoua with carriages and horsos. This was very easy to do as long- as thoy had tho bottlo in their possession, for ICokua was more bold than ICoawo, and whonovor sho had a mind oallod on the imp for twenty or a hundred dollars. At this rato thoy soon bogan to bo remoritod in the town.; aud tlio straugors frotn Hawaii, thoir. riding and their driving, tlio fino holokusand tho rioli laco of Kokua booamo tlio matter of muol: talk. They got on woll after tho first with tho TuhUion language, which is liko to tho Hawaiian, with a certain ehango of letters ; mid as soon as thoy lmd any trco dom ot spooch, began to push tho bottlo. You are to consider it was no easy Bub- joct to introduoe ;it was not easy to per suade people you were in earnest whon you offered to soil thoni for fouroontlnios the spring of health and rich, inoxhauat ablo. It was necessary besides to explain tho dangers of the bottlo ; mid oithor pooplo disbelieved tho wholo thing and laughed, or thoy thought tho moro of tho darker part, beoauio overcist with gravi'y and drew aw#y from Koawo and Kolcus as from persons who had dealings with the devil. So far from 'gaining ground, these two began to find thoy wore avoided in tho town, ; tho children ran away from thom scroiming, a thing intolerable1 to ' Kokua ; Oitlmlics croBsed themsolves'as thoy wout by, and all persons began with ono ncoord to disongago thomsolvos from Depreasion foil upon thoirspirits. Thoy would sit at night in thoir 'now houso, after a day's weariness, and not oxoh&ngo; ono word; or tho ailonco would bo broken by Kokua bursting suddenly into sobs. Sumotiinos thoy would pray togother, somotiiues thoy would havo tho bottlo out upon tho'floor, and sit all ovoning watching how tlio shadow hovorcd in tho midst. At such times thoy would bo afraid lo go to rest; it was longcro slumber camo to thom, and if either dozod off it would bo lo wako and find tho other eilontly weeping in tho dark j or perhaps to vyako alono, tho othor hav ing flud from tho houso and tho neigh borhood of that bottlo to paoo under tho bannnas in tho littlo gardon, or to wandur on ihobonchby inooulight, Ono night it was so wjion Kokua woko. ICoawo was gono ; alio felt in tho bed and his placo was cold. Thon fear fell upon hor nnd she sat up in bod. A little moon- shitio filtered through tho shutters j the room was bright, nud sho could spy the bottlo on tho floor. Outsido it blow high, tho gront trees of tho avenue orlod out aloud, aud tho fallen leaves rattled in tho voranduh. In tho midst of this Kokua was awaro of auothor sound ; whotlior of a boast or a man alio could not toll, but it was ns sad as donth, and cut hor to her soul. Softly sho aroso, sot tho door ajar and lookod forth into tho moonlit yard. Thoro, undortiiobauanus, lay Keawo, his. mouth in the dust, and .as ho lay lio moaned, It was ICokua's firel Lliought to run forward mid console him. Her second potently withheld hor. Keawo had burno himself before liis wife as a bravo man ; it bccamo hor littlo in tlio hour of. weak ness to intrude upon Ins shame. With tho thought she drew back/into tho houso. 44 Heaven," oho thought,- 44 how caro- loss have I bcon, how weak I It is lie, riot I, that stands in this otornnl peril ; it was ho, nut I, that took tlio ourso upon liis soul. It is for my sake and for tlio lovo jf a creature of so littlo worth aud such poor help, that ho now beholds so closo to him tho lhmos of holl, ny, nnd omello thu suioku of it, lying without thoro in tho wind ami moonlight. Ain I so duU of spirit that novor till now I havo surmised my duty? or havo I socn it be fore nud turned usido? But now, nt luast, 1 taku up,uiy soul in both the hands of my affection'; now I , say farewell to tho whito steps of lleuvcn nnd tho wuit- ing faces of my friouds. A lovo for a lovo, and let miuo 'bo equalled with Koawo'sl A soul for a soul, and lot it bo mino to porish I" IV. . This wasa deft woman with Iter hands, and sho was soon apparollcdi She took in hor hands the change ; ;4ho precious coutimos thoy kepb ever by thoir sido, for ihis coin is littlo used, and thoy had made provision ot a govcrnmont office. Whon sho was forth in thoavonuo, clouds ciuno on tho wind, and tho -moon wan blackoned. Thu town alopt, and alio know not wliitlior to turn till alio heard sumo ono cougliing in tho shaduw of tho trees. 44 Old man," said Kokua, 4lwhnt do you do horo abroad iu tho cold night 1" Tho old rami could scarco express him solf for coughing, but sho made out that he was old and poor, aud cetrnugorin tho island. 44 Will you do mo a sorvico?" said Kokua. 44 As ono stranger to another, and as an old man to a young woman, will you help a daughter of Hawaii ?" 44 Ah," said tho old man, 44 so you aro tho witoh from tho eight islands ? Aud ovon my old soul you sock to ontanglo. But I have heard of you, and defy your wickodnuss." 14 Sit dowu here," said Kokua. 44 and lob mo toll you a talc." Aud sho told him tho story of Keawo from tho beginning to tho and, 44 And now," said sho, 44 1 am his wife, whom ho bought with hi soul's welfare. Aud what should I do? If I went to him and offered to buy it ho will rofuso. But if you go ho will sell it eagerly. I will await you horo ; you will buy it fur four coutimes, .mid I will buy it again for throe. And tho Lord strengthen a poor girl l" 44 If you meant falsely," said tho old man, 44 1 think God would striko you doad." 41 Ho would 1" oriod Kokua. 41 Bo sure ho would. I could not bo so treach erous. God would not suffer it." 4 Giro mo/ho four coutiiucs and aw.iit mo here," said thu old inau. Now, whon ICokua stood alone in tho street hor spirit died. Tho wind roared in tho trees, und it socmcd to hor tho rushing uf tlio fl-imusof hell thoslmdowT tossod ill the lights of tho stroet lamps, and thoy sowined to hor tho snatching hands of tlio ovil ones. If sho had had tho strougsh she must havo rnn away, and if alio had tlio breath sho must luve screamed aloud ; but in truth she could do neither, nud stood ami trembled in tlio avonuo liku an affrighted child. Then sho siw tho old man returning, and ho had tho buttlo iu his hand. 44 I have dono your bidding," said lio, I Uft your husband weeping liko a child ; to-night ho will sleep cu&y.; And ho hold tho bottle forth. 4 44 Before you givo it to mo," Kokua panted, 44 take the good with . tho ovil— ask to bo duliVored from your ciiugh;" u I am nn uld man," replied tlio other, 44 and too near tho gala of the gravo to M»nu w i iwu uiuuutii. , .UUl WliailA this? Why d«i y»u. nut tako the bottlo? Do yuii husitiitu ?" . . : « 44 Not husitato 1" cried Kokua. ' "I rini only weak, Givo mo a moment, .it is my hand resists I my flesh nfirinfrs back: from thoaccureed thing. , Gno.mumoiit only 1" . Tho old man luolcod upon Kokua' -kindly. 14 Poor child I" said ho. /'you fear your soul misgives you. Woll, lot mo keop it. I ant' old aud can never more bo happy in this world ; und as for tho noxt— " . 44 Givo it mo.IV gnspod Kokuai 44 Thoro Is your ir.onoy. Dj you think I nni so based as that ? Givo mo tho bottlo."' . 44 God bless you, ohild," said tlio old inau. Kokua concealed the bottlo undor her hololcn; said farewell to tho ;old man, ami walked off along Iho avonuo, sho cared notwhithor, for all roads wore now tho samo to hor, and led equally to hell. Sometimes sho walked, and' sometimes ran, and somotlmes lay by tlio rondnido and wept. AU that she had lfonrdnf holl camp back to ;lior : sho saw tho flumes blaze, aud sho Bineltcd tlio ipmbke, and hor ilosh withered onHhocoai - Near day sha camo' to her/fn'iii'd again' and returned to thohuuso. Itrwaa ovon as thoold roan said, Keawo slumbered liko a child;' Kokua stood and gazed upon his feco. 44 Now, my husbaltd," said sho, 44 it is your turn to Bleep. ' Whon yotl wako it will bo your turn to oiug and laugh. Hut for poor Kokua, nlas I that meant! no ovil — i«i (HJU4 dunlin uw iiiuiu oiuu|), no umro eidging, uo morodolight, wholhoriu earth or hoavon," With that sho lay down iu tho bod by- his sido, and/ier misery was so pxtromo thatsho foil into aslumbcr instantly. . \- Latoin the morning hor husband wdko up and gavo hor tlio good nowo. 1 1 seomod ho was silly with delight, for ho paid no hoed to hor distress, ill though sho dis- sambled it. The words; stuck iu lior mouth, : it mattored not ; Keawo did the. speaking.. Sho ato not a bito, but who was to obsorvo it ?" For ' Keawo eloared the dish. Kokua saxv and hoard him,, liko some strango thing in a dream ; there woro times when sho' forgot or doubted, and put Iter hands to her brow ; to know horaolf doomed ami to hoar her husband babble, Roomed so monstrous. All tho wiiilo Keawo was eating and talking and planning the timo of thoir return, nnd thanking hor for saving him, and fondling hor, and calling hor tho truo holper aftor ull. Ho laughod at tho old man that was foul onpugh to buy that bottlo. 44 A worthy old man ho ioomod," ICoa wo said. 44 But no ono can judgo by ap pearances. For why did tho old rcprobato require tlio bottlo ?" 44 My husband," said Kokua, ' humbly, 4 his purpose may-have boon good." Koawo laughed like hn angry man. 44 Fiddlo-do-deol" cried ICoawo; 44An old roguo, \ toll you.. And mi old ass to boot, For Uio bottlo was hard onough to sell ab four centimes, "Concluded noxt wook, : 