IRELAND. THE CONSECRATION OF GRATE- YARDS. THE CONDITIONS NECESSARY — LETTEB FBOST THE BEV. M'OABTAK, P.P. The following letter was forwarded to the Antrim Board of Guardians, and read at a recent meeting, regarding the new public cemetery at Antrim:—"The Presbytery, Antrim, 26th November, 1890\. Dear Sir,—As to the ground allotted by your board in the new cemetery to Catholics, I am quite satisfied both as to its quantity in proportion to our numbers and as to the situation. The rules and regulations that you will enact for its management will, I trust, be such as to enable us to have it consecrated. The canons and discipline of our Church will not permit a bishop to consecrate a graveyard unless he is given the power to prevent it being desecrated. Now, our Church teaches that the burial of a suicide, for instance, or of one dying in culpable drunkenness, in consecrated ground is a desecration of it, and, therefore, unless we have the power of preventing this the ground could not be consecrated. The Catholic Church is as solicitous about the consecration of her graveyards as she is about that of her churches, for we believe that the bodies of all who die in the grace and friendship of God are holy, having been the temples of the Holy Ghost, laved in the waters of Baptism, anointed by the holy chrism, and been made partakers of the Bread of Life, and, therefore, the ground in which they are laid to rest should be holy, and guarded by consecration from the power of Satan. "The catacombs in Rome are evidences of the early Church for the reverend care of the bodies of her departed children; those of her martyrs she esteemed more precious than gold. We ask, therefore, the right to bury our dead according to the teaching and discipline of our Church, in consecrated ground, and the power of preventing this ground being desecrated—that is, the power of excluding from it the remains of those over which we are forbidden by the canons of our Church to read the burial service. These cases are specified in the canons. They are Biiicides, and those who die in culpable drunkenness, or in a grievous act of sin, and those who deny or refuse our ministrations. TJnbaptised children are to be buried, too, in ground apart. We fairly claim our share in the public cemetery, towards the purchase and maintenance of which we contribute by taxation proportionately to our number and means, and the right of burial in its consecrated ground according to the teaching and discipline of our Church. This can be easily secured by your board when giving a grave in the Catholic ground, so limiting the right as to exclude those interments to which our Church would not give Christian burial. A small plot of ground could be set apart for such interments as these.—I remain, dear sir, your obedient servant, EUGENE M'CABTJLN, P.P. P.S.—I may add that no Catholic will object to his right being thus limited; nay, all will willingly agree to it.—E. M'C." SNT JOHN POPE HENNESSY does not intend to resign his membership of the Carlton Club, He has avoided all unnecessary clashes with the feelings of his fellowmembers ; and, of course, he refrained from dating, as we think Sir Bobert Peel boldly did date, a Home Rule address to his constituents from the headquarters of Toryism. The Carlton is very slow in matters^ of expulsion, wherein it has proved itself wiser than the Reform. It remains to be seen how long the tolerance extended for years to Mr. Gladstone will be ceded to a member sitting on the Irish benches. A STBANGIS thing happened the other day near Zanzibar. The Admiral heard of a vessel being in distress and ordered a gunboat to aBsist her. The Redbreast, Lientenant Keary, went down 150 miles, and discovered a full-rigged ship embayed among reefs and utterly unable to get out, but in deep water and absolutely uninjured. She had lain there imprisoned for 10 days, the captain hoping that" something would turn up." Bat for an accident the vessel might have lain tbeie unseen until now. The Rcdbrcatt fonnd a channel, towed her ont, gave her an offing of 25 miles, and let her continue her voyage to Chittagong. TOT steamer China, which has arrived at San Francisoo from Hong Kong, bring news of anti-Ohristian riots at Chung-King over the celebration in hononr of Lin Knan JOBS, in the course of which twenty native converts to Christianity were butchered and their houses burned, the authorities being completely powerless to interfere. JAVA has been turned topsyturvy by an earthquake. One village has been completely rained, and many lives have heen lost. At another place the people broke into a riot, and Bet fire to a bridge. European troops went to qaench the flames, bat litis incendiaries toy in ambush for them, and a pitched battle resulted, In Which two Europeans wore tilled and six wounded. 