THE AMERICAN RED INDIAN “MESSIAH." Writing on November 2lst a Phila delphia correspondent says : - The threatened outbreak amongst the Indians is a fanatical religious war, said w co a crusade against the whites, preached by a mysterious Indian ‘Messiah,’ who has appeared to them in Utah and Nevada. His whereabouts and identity seem almost mythical, but Im has stirred up the greatest excitement. Indians are always half ready for war, and tho * mhdicine man’ can easily work upon their superstitions and ’highly wrought feelings. They are now every where performing the ‘ Ghost Dance,’ and many of them claim to have seen and heard the ‘ Messiah’ who has taught it. lie is said to speak to tho different tribes m their own languages. He has told them ‘ they have but to light for them selves a little, and ho will cause the earth to open and swallow the whites, and will bring back from tho happy hunting grounds all the buffaloes 'and dead Indians.' Their ‘ Cost Dance’ is becom ing a religious fever. Old “ Sitting Dull ’ the great chief of tho Siouv at Standing Rock Agency, has told the Govern men' agent there that ‘ they have no further use for the whites, and firmly believe it only a question of a short time when the whites will disappear from the face of the earth. The Indians are mysterious about their intended time of outbreak ; but they have their dance, tap their guns, and as a universal sign, when spoken to they fiercely drew imaginary .scalping knives in a circle around their heads. They are roaming in small bodies along the neighborhood of tho Northern Paoifl. Railway near Mandan, and one 0 f these squads this week told a friendly Indian they belonged to ‘ the army of the , Messsiah,’ and wore going to meet the rest of the army, when they would rapture tort Lincoln and pillage Mandan and kill the inhabitants. The ' Messiah' would lead the army, and tin y did not 1 expect to go oat until spring ; but when j “ Messiah’ says ‘Go,’ w.- go, even in the depth of winter.’ Fhat all this should can.se a -i ar'‘ on the frontier is natural, and thG week the ! copious reports from all along llm border i ha\e attracted public attention, and i excited much curiosity as to the p.r I sonality of the ‘ Messiah.’ Gem-ral Miles 1 regards the situation as grave. Colonel | Corbin, his adjutant, savs they do not 1 know who the ‘ but tin v are 1 making every effort to find out -• lie mav ' be some leader of a band of wand- r ing I Mormons, and perhaps a cow-boy full of pranks.’ He expresses hope that’trouble I may bo averted, for it is contrary to 1 all Indian tradition for the braves to | take the war-path in winter. 'i In- ; nearest they are able to to his j identity is a report from Lieutenant i Robertson, at the Cheyenne Agency, who nays he has learnt from an interpreter that the now ‘ Messiah’ is a Pi Ut- Indian called John Johnson, intelligent, but not educated, who live-son the Pid’te I reservation at Walker Lake, Nevada, | His ‘ apostle,’ one Porcupine, had b< <-n | preaching the religion of the m-w 1 M,,, j siah’ at tho Cheyenne Ageney, and ! Robertson sends Porcupine s account of j his visit to the ‘ Messiah, 1 after a long \ journey last year to what is supposed to j bo Pyramid Lake in Western Nevada, where ho met a large numm-r of i Indians known as the Fi*hcat<\- r ?. Pon u ! pine in his statement says : —‘ The Fi«h eaters near Pyramid Lake told me that Christ had appeared on earth again. They said Christ knew ho was coming ; that eleven of his children were also coming from a far land. It appeared that Christ had sent for me to go there, and that was why, unconsciously, I took my journey. It had keen foreordained. They told me when I got there that my Great Father was there also, hut I did not know who he was. The people assembled eilled a coum-il, and the chiefs sons went to see the Great Father, who sent word to us to remain 1 I days in that ramp, and that then he would come and see ui. At the end of two days, on 1 the third morning, hundreds of p-ople gathered at this place. They cleared a place near the agency in the form of a circus ring, and we all gathered there, dust before sundown I saw a great many people, mostly Indians, coming dress' and in white mens clothes, The Christ was with tle in. They all fornmd in this ring and around it; they put up sir cts all around 'he circle, as the}’ had no tent»’. dust after dark some of the Indians told nie that Christ had arrived. I looked around to find him, and tinallv s\w him sitting on one side of the ring. He was dressed in a white coat with stripes. Hie rest of }|is dress was a white man's, except tha' he had on a pair of moca-.sins. Then lm began our dance, everybody joining in, the Christ singing while we danc-d. We danced till laf • in the night, when he told u> we had danced enough. The next morning he told us he was going away that day, but would he back the next morning and talk- to us. 1 hoard that Christ had boon crucified, an J 1 looked to see, and I saw a scar on his wrist and one on his face, and he s< eimd to be the man ; 1 could not see his fc t. He would talk to us all day. That evening we »11 assembled again to see him depart. When we were assembled he began to sing, and he began to tremble all over violently for awhile, and then sat down. We danced a'l that night, (he Christ lying down b- side us, apparently d< ad. Tim following morning the Christ was back with us and wanted to talk to us. lie su'd, ‘I am the man who made everything you =ee around vou. lam not lying to you. ray children. I made 'his . arth and f \crything on it. I have to ilea\en and -'tu your dead friend.-, and 1 have gen my own father and mother. He spoke to us about fighting, and said that if was bad, and that we mus* keep from it . the earth was to be all good here after ; that we] must be friends with one another He said if any man disobeyed what he ordered, his tribe would be wiped from tlm tm c of the earth. Kwr since the Christ I speak of talked fo me, 1 have thought what 1m said was good. I have st e n nothing lad in it. Win n I got back 1 knew my people were all bad and 1 had Inard nothing of all (his, so I got tin in together and t and 1 them of it, and waned tlmm to lister, to it for their own good. I ha\e told them just what 1 haw told you here today. Lieut naut 1 lobertson tays he do.-ely (pn-,tioned Porcupine mid aKo Pig leaver, another' chief, learning that some 10 tribes had •- isitet 1 the ‘ M essiah at Walker and | Pyramid Lakes, including Sioux,, <do yenne-, Arrapahot s, (bannocks, Ctes, and all the (riles of Ltah, who danced his dance, heard his preaching, and then had returned to tln ir horn* s. Porcupine said that several hundred Indians were present when In- -aw fin- 4 Messiah, in < lading women and children , and ho in silts that all his teachings wem of peace, good order and industry by tho Indians. P" ing asked then how ii was that • mlaui Indians had made the new religion a n anon for neglecting their crops and for disorder, Porcupine* shrewdly mad** answer, giving what Robertson regards as a very probable explanation :—That the Indians who had gone, with him to hear the ‘ Messiah had hoped to hoar him preach some incendiary doctrine, and were disappointed at hearing the new creed required them simply to work and behave I themselves ; that being known by their I people to have visited the new ‘ Messiah,’ i they concluded, on returning home, not to relate strictly what this man had told them, hut to put into his mouth doctrines i more agn-eah:e to the Indians. ‘ These men, said Porcupine finally with earnest ness, ‘ an* all liars, and they are respon sible for any trouble that occurs, and not the new ‘ Messiah.’ It will thus be seen that thero are false prophets even among the Red Indians, and designing redskin politicians, who misinterpret the* re igion of the ‘ Mes siah to make it u crusade against the whites. P.ul whether they or the apostle Porcupine preach ttie true faith among them, the frontier his been stirred up to an extent unknown for many years. 