Battle in the Clouds. » ? * ? Spectral Armies Fighting for au Hour and a Mali'. The I?ari9 oorroapondont ot tho ' Now York Sunday Moroury ' says : — Considerable excitement baa boon so oasioned near Matz by tho appoaranoe of spoctral phenomena of a moBt murvcllouo ohnraoter. Too phenomenon was flrot visibla on tho evening ol May 3, lS'Jl, when a nuui »w vri. ivuAutu^ IUCU |;tm^lLI^ UIUIJ^ tUU UlgU way obsorvod what at licst sight nppeared to be a small oloud passing over ooruo mondowa nenr by whoro they wero going. Their curiosity was aroused by tho nearness of tho cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and spread over a largo area, tho matter of whioh it was composed gradually assuming tho Bhapos of men, horueu, artillery, and all thu paraphernalia of actual wnrfaie. The peas ants stood ontranced, watching the m,y Btorioua pbonomonon, nnd wore witnesses to a battle royal whioh continued with thu most amazing exaotitude of military detail for about an hour nnd a half, when darkneBii oame on, and the spectral shapes gradually melted nway. 'The phenomenon was wit nesssd by over 100 people in nil, and has wrought suoh a sensation in tbo diatriot that quite a panic provnila, it being behoved that tbo apparition is an omen of appronohing war between Franco and Germany. A number of intelligent and trustworthy peoplo, inoluding n eouplo of priests, havo oome forward and atteeted to tho genuineness ot the tacts given. Scientific men nre now busy explaining thn causes of suob appear ances, wbioh tboy attribute to certain photo graphio qualitiea ot tbo tranb-atmoBpberio region, where, they olaim, nro stored phan toms ot everything imaginable that has in habited the globo from Adam down to tho present timo — where tho history of tho world is written, or rather represented, spectrally — a limbo of physical creations, whiah sorves nB n museum of natural history and anti quities to those who may ba ablo to go there and sco it ; juat buou n place r.n Uuskiu, in foot, would oousider tbo ideal I'nradiso. It ia thought that by somo rsfruotivo qualities of tho ntmouphero theaa spectral pictures are made visible to tho eyo occasionally, but thai) they are mero shadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to tho vision of thoeo who happen to ba in certain vicinities ot n oortuin timo, nnd that they havo no mow meanin j thnu n moro eoho, thoy being, iu fnct, cchoea ol bygone things. Tho present oocurrenoo is by no means tbn first of tho kind rooorded, previous mani festations of the kind having, it is supposed, inspired the myths on which the old Hellenic religions were founded. In Bomo ensos apcotroa of men have been seen whose bauds almost reuohed to tho olouds, but this is merely caused by the mag nifying powers of the, atmosphere. Scotland, wbiob, by all account!), is ono cf the greatest ghost-Booing places on the earth, has had manifestations of a oitnilnr kind — one iu particular being recorded with gxeal precision, nnd upon moat reliable nuthority. This took plaoo on u Bummer's evening in the year 17-13, wben a Eorvnnt of Squiro Wreu, of Wilton Hall,- saw u party of hurBO men pans along tho road and disappear up the mountain side.' Ho searched fur days in the hopo of finding them, but oould not oven find tho footprints of the horses. When ho told his story, tbo gillio waa laughed even out of hiu own balief in the story. A year Inter, however, tho eamo man behold anotbor spootrnl tableau, and happening to bo in the neighborhood ol one of hia master's friends, another laird named Lancaster, ho asked him to go and witness it. Upon their arrival at tho spot where tho apparition waa visible, several other persona were alrendy congre gated, and what tboy witnosned is described by those who bsiw them as follows : ' The equestrian figures seemed to oome from tha lowest parisof Soutorfell, and became visible at a place oalled Knott, They then advanoad in regulni troopH along tho sido cf tho foil till tbey oame opposite to Bluko Hills, wben they went over tho mountain, after deaorib ing a kind of ourvilineal path. The paoo at whioh the figures moved was n regular awifc walk, and they continued to bo seen for up wards of two bourn, the approach of dark ness alono preventing them from being vis ible. Many troops woro seen in aucoeuaion, and frequently the last but ono in a troop quitted hia position, galloped to the front, und took up the uamo paoo with tbe rest. Tbo changea in tho figures were seen equally by all the spectators, and tho view of them was not oonfined to tho farm of lSlnkehilla only, but thoy were seen by ovory person at ovory oottaga within the distnnae of a milo, tho number of persons who saw them amount ing to abnut 26. Tho attestation of these faats, signed by Lancaster and Strioket, bears tho date of July 21, 1785. It in, therefore, scarcely likely that the manifestations wit nesBed near Motz amountod to anything in particular from a propbetio point of view, al though, n rathor eonB&tionnl; statement, which hao appeared almost simultaneously, will doubtless make many think that the long looked for European war ia oloso upon ue. This statement is to tha elieot that n docu ment haa been discovered whioh forms the ImbiB of the treaty between France and RuFBia, and whioh dieolosoB tbe exact man ner in whioh Germany is to be divided up between these two powers in oase of hjr do feat. The arrangement is that Franoo is to tackle Germany single-handed, wbioh eho desires to do to regain bor military preatige, and that in oaso of possible failure Bussia is to oamo upon tho soouo nnd ond all doubts about tho result. Although, on the faoo of it, only n oannrd, this story is boing eoriouBly diseased by leading Frenoh and German journals, The last of tho Uorgias, who oount Bovornl popes, cardinals, dukep, and other augauc personages among tbo members of their onoo famous family, has jtiat died in poverty and want, in a littlo TyroleBO village, where his widow is recommended to tho charitable pub. lie in the local newspapers. In 1071 one ol tho Borgias was oanonized by Pope Clement X. i Icsb than n century Inter Don Alberto Culiuto Bjrgia, thoSpaninh Ambassador, was the moot brilliant ootirticr at tbo Court of Charles VI. (it Vienna, Sinao than fortune hau not smiled upon tho l'.orj;ian ; and the last ot the noblo race, Baron Frederick Oiilifito llorgin, who him just loft 'this mortal liiu,' has bean starving for the hat 20 years r,q a poor villa^o uhotogmphor, |58 