now a poop ship was lost, On the night of October 27 1842, the good ship Mary Compton, of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were Safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse-keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. . ! ยก Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the words' ' What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of storm tossed spirit? " ',.,,- j- i you are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that bethought so, had he the right to say so ? No for he might be 'wroug-iu'ridj in any case he had no business to put electric light. This woman had been. ill for some time, in June, 1888, she was greatly alarmed by her Symptoms. Her heart palpitate, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," shot-aid, shall objects seemed to go into a cloud " She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dread ful cough racked her frame so that she could not be down in bed and sleep. " could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, " I was so weak, ii tried different remedies and ' medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggatc and asked the door or U tell me the worst. His answer was, 'I have mixed ' you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair, " I talked with two other phymcUnn. the last one said You are past human aid " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and cure. I went home and tried Ulli was sick. I had no appetite, and had lost flesh till I met, him as a ghost ! My mother came to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 6 o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that jars. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill in East-street, Leode (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup: 80 I sent to Mr. Jensen's, the chemist, in Great Garden-street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second , bottle I handed over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. I should have Ukin Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was, All my friends and neighbours know the facts I have rain tod, and I will reply to any letter of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dys Repairs, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. TintmnrrUifematketliaa a busy time when Hulloa increase their charms by removing tell-tale grey hair with Mrs S. A. Allen's World's Hair Bottom 1 which never fails. , r, Beinmt limit,-" was a HuHb Rmmwk' Latona health and vigor, cares Dyspepsia, Impotenoa.SMmJ Dahlia. AUohnalaU and wrists Alton, Grimwade and Co., Agents, Melbourne. 