?OorrespondericeV; i,;.i Tin Editor iloes not Identity hlmrelf rtth the .oplnloiii of comsinndents.]' ' '-?' ''';? Ode for the next Penny Readings: ITollie Editor of the Logan Hilnat.) i Sib, — On the shores of a diurnal old bay : :. The stranded 'White Elephant' lay;' When up came a. crew : Of young larrikins, who . ' '* \ Salvaged her 'right straightaway !' There was an old shell-buck aboard. At uhom these wild reprobates roared ; , It frightened him so That he went, do you know. And he chucked in his lot with that horde. The pirates were led by a ghost— : At least 'twas their popular boast ; ' '? That no one could tell ' If their 'No. 1' swell Was the essence, of a man or a frost'! - ' Mievillie ' whs chosen first mate, He's the sweet darling's uwu delegate ; ' The breadth of his smile Is at least half-a-iuilo, And frowsy curlB cover his pate. -'.''' - A rollicking lnd from a ? Was elected to fill the third rank - ???»« He swallows more liquor. And swallows it quicker Than moBt, when he's out 'on the tank I ' The rest of this charming vomig herd, You can tell from their'inauner absurd ; At night when they ineet^ ' ?-.??? The howl down the street, Decency ! Lord save the word. Said he (No. 1 of the gang), \- Let's go for this old hulk, slap bang ; ' We'll make the old craft ' A music hall raft, 'And let the old crew'go and bang ! ' ' Wll bring all our lassies a-ship, ' And give them an old-fashioned trip : 'There's Sally and Polly, ' Etcotera— my golly, ' Lord, how the young hussies will skip I ' We'll straddle poor pa on the prow, '(He'd make for the front, anyhow) ; '?And, «hl 'twill be striking 'To have old Viking ' Astern ; he can bail, don't you know I ' But the stranded old barge wouldn't shift, (They were rather too weak in the lift) ; ?' We'll start the old tub 'As a family pub,' Said the skipper, ' Sho never will drift I ' So 'the tribes -if the bold B nnd T Arranged it as nice as could be ; 'Twouldbceuchaioko For those jolly folk T« liare one long glorious spree. But, alas ! their conspiracy failed, For the old crew returned quite rtg.ilod : And launched thu old ship For auuther good trip, While the pirates their ill-luck bewailed. BOSCOWEN. 