CHAPTER XVI.—Coxstisact! “ It is significant to you, then?' Thomas asked, uneasily. with, a taint tmilc. “ Oh, certainly not,” returned John Lamm, •arcaslicslly. “It doesn't mean any thing. But don’t delay. How did Marion act r What did she have to say for herself T” The' detective, instead cf resuming his seat, to walk about the roaer with hii hands “She hadn’t anything to say (or hsrsslf,* returned Thomas.. “That's just the trouble. She acted queer—queerer than Stella had ever seen her act in her life.’’ “How queer ?” . “ As the girl'expresses ft, she seemed like a person walking in her sleep. She spoke to Stella but in a mechanical way, as if her mind were quite elsewhere all the rime. They went back to the depot and rode out to Swampeoott together.” *' Do you mean to aay that Marion expressed no snrpriae when she saw Stella in the street?” “ Momaatariljr the seemed aroused, hut as soon as Stella began to account (or herself she relapsed into her ’frosen* condition again.’' “ What & woman she it!” . “ She was not strong enough to conceal from her sitter that something terrible had hap pened.. She eras so dared and unnatural that the young girt was freatie with apprehension.” “Of course, this places it beyond a donbt that Marion had either killed her legal father or had seen himkilkd.’’ “But, my dear Lamm, I can’t entertain the first idea foi a minute. What possible motive could there be for bar?” “ It is to be determined rimnly by the fact of whither the girl was alone in the house that “ Ah, precisely. That is what I am working to find out. Wall, Lamm, onths whole journey home.-Marion Starthonss had but two sentences to utter which seam to have any be snug upon tbs csss. The flat was when Stella made some mention of Stackhouse. * Never speak to me of that man again,’said Marion, fiercely- 'He is not my husband.’ And again, jnst before ther got to the bouse, seiring her sister’s wrist, * Stella, ’ she whispered, 'Do yon-want to see me in my grave P Then never tell a living soul where I have been.* ” “Thandse and rent!’' ejaculated Lamm. “That woman-.is the princess of mysteries. Dosre't it atrika you a little. peculiar that, she should continue to aaert Unit Stackhouse is not her husband? Mmd you, she always pots it in that' way. I hart heard her say if myself. ‘ He is not my husband.’ Now, why shouldn’t she say, * I refuse to live with tide man any longer,’ not for ever; * He is not my husband.’ Wasn’t the marriage public l” ' “Tobe sure it vis. :-Ths marriage occurred in SU Paul’s Charch, in the prreenoeoi hundreds ofpiopk.*^ fswsii came and placed his hand softly on the reporter's shoulder, '' “ Yon don’t imagine, Thomas," he questioned below his breath, “that she had been secretly married to this man Fetridge previous to his departure for Australia P” “ What an idea!” cried Thomas, emnsed, “You seeem'taxiouito give her a monomania on the marriage question. If married already to Fftridge what earthly reason could induce her to mairy Stackhouse f It stems to me you have got a complication there not likely to arise m any well-regulated family.’’ “ Perhaps. - But I've gone far enough in this cate to know that there is different behind it to anything I ever mat with in til but lift before. Bat to go on. Ot coaretStsUais frightened to death by Marion’s reference to the grave; and refrained from telling anybody where she had teen bar, nntQ yongot it out ot her.” “So yon might-know by the way things have gone on; She was scared anoagh that night, yon may be sore, but the next day when the news came of the murder you can l”«f™ the effect. Than aeons to have Wen a great scene between the sisters. Stella come out horrified at Marion's -calmness. Markin sronld tell her absolutely nothing ex cept such enigmatical sentences as than: <1 am not responsible. The affair is out of my hands. Justice will overtake the. guilty. Let me alone. If Ton betray me I shall kill myself. You surely do not mlieve me capable tor any cum of killing a man who has taken the place of my own father.' I loved Father North as well as. yon did. I could not have harmed him if I had hated him’—all of which vraa scarcely calculated to appease Stella’s agony of apprehension. It was not, however, till the young girl discovered that her sister was sleeping with her father's pistol under her pillow that she quite lost her head, and be* tiered that Marion was really guilty.” “What! The weapon that killed Paul North ?” asked the detective, almost helpless' with amazement. “Presumably, tines she mast have hroughtit with her from the Marlboro street house the night of the murder, and one of its barrels had been recently discharged.” “What a nerve that woman has 1” mur mured the detective. “ And bow in the world did Stella make the disoorery “ 1'il tell you, Lamm. It was iu the middle of the night on Saturday. The body of the mur dered man had been brought home, and it lay in the hall below stain ready for the funeral. You can imagine the effect on this young girl, who is of an affectionate disposition, and whose life np to this tims bad been one merry smile. Everything goes to (how that she was the petted darting of her father. Of course, however fond ana proud anybody might have been of Marion, she waa scarcely tbs psnon to be mads a pet of. And with this awful cloud of horror and suspicion weighing upon her, Stella could not sleep. The ghost of the poisoned King of Denmark was no more real to Hamlet than was the spirit of her father, threatening with awful finger the per petrators of bis woeful' murder, to this young girl. Her fears for Marion under the weight of the night became absolutely appalling. Though not what is called a religious girl, Stella could no longer trust to any earthly aid; She resolved to go and pray by Marion's bedside.” “Kktunlenough in this .eighteen-year-old gill,’.* commented the detective. . ' “.It wae the last effort, you understand, to obtain eontritlbn from the woman who had been itnpenicos to the most piteous appeals, the meat solemn entreaties. Tbs poor girl want and found her asater’a door unlocked. She approached the bedside. It seems that Marion was asleep, bat her sleep wee light; her dreams, perhaps troubltd, for she sprang up suddenly with an awful cry and grasped Stella by the shoulders, demanding. in a tone' that nearly frightened her water out of her ssnsss, ‘what do you want? What do you want?’ She Shook her so that Stella made a frantie effort to get away. In the straggle tha pillow was dragged from the bed aadf some thing beneath it fell with a crmh. Marioa by this time-aweka to-a- raab'sslhju of her sur roundings. She sprang oat. of bad with a hatte that could not meape Stella’s ekservatuu, and nicked up the somethbm sMA l-lu, !Wha* is, ifl’ dsesandr& smrtlsd SSw .’.'Nothing,’ replies Marion.- ‘What is ths matter,-dear?* ffOo baek-to yonr hsd and I will come to you.’ But no. Affairs fold reached a riiipax now where suspicion-rssst either ha allayed or confirmed. Marion was pout need »nd dimayadbr'tha saddest true formation inker rioter; sod before she oould regain control ' of herself ths hand of the younger .girl cams in ooutaCt with ths cold meet.-' It is (ether's pistol,* whispered Stella; - in- whet stain- of mind’ yen: may imagine.* 'Don’t dany iS, Marion : yon hake been deeping wWt it uadfo yoe.* i* I won’t, deny It,’ aatd'Maricavacm ridtrahly disturbed.' But why will you in. •anelv^wrid. upon knowing things which tt would, bsu hettw for, your psaesof mind to iswsiii liniisst nf r - “ And adi thb tisu it was quits dark'in the room?” IwmiB 'askbd.'--' -r.i.-t _■ “ Attdfohffy• StnUa’sconcforiou that Marion ; beUMTCtfocf's pistolWaasUnbltlMW for folSftw ltsgllnS ooCTwri nsar*ariise ttori a— “ to--woman. Andtkmpqla s.1 ~ — cu.MIr drum in niy anna in the old days and tell mo that ) on lured me better than nny ono in the world ex'-ept papa? Tell me, do you re member ali.it I oare to this man who was moro than u father to me? Have you for* Rotten who it was that nursed him in his laat illness because she couldn't bear to have a hired nurse profane him with unsympathetic hands ? Can you recall ever in ray life a sirglo expression gf ingratitude—’’' “ Bosh !” interrupt!:! the detective. “Tlint is all very well for Stella, hut for mo it 18 necessary lobe told how she became possessed of that uistnl which was supposed to bo locked in Haul North's desk in Marlboro street." ” Unfortunatelv," returned Thomas un easily, “ she neither explained nor apologisod for her conduct. You know what women are. Stella's heart, which is not located far from the surface, was touched. She began to cry and _ to plead for forgiveness. And then Mariou forgave her ; but just as Boon as Stella began to beg for au explanation the woman said .to her Tery coldly, * Qo to your aunt, dear. What you want is somebody to dry your tears and soothe you. I am no comforter in a time like this, and I certainly shall not tell you things which would only add to your worry and distress.’ And she did go to her aunt; not to mako a confidante of her, but to beg for consolation and sympathy.” “ And this scene between the girls ended in nothing, then?” " It ended just as I have told you. But Stalls, though she triad her beat, could not repress her anxiety. She eras unable to bear the strain before her eyes the spectacle of the officers entering the house and dragging Marion off to prison. In view of all these facts, is there anything strauge in her eventual action ? The funeral was scarcely over, and the family returned to the house, when she hasted' to Marion's room, took the revolver, and fled—a headlong, terror-stricken flight. Her first idea was to put the evidence of Marion's guilt out of sight. She threw it into the water, little thinking that I was watching her. She says that the had no clear idea what •he was doing, or where she was going ; but she had determined neTer to go back to the house. She felt that sho could never faoe her sister again. In the train to Boa ton she bo thought herself of some friends in Hartford, wherethehadof ten visited, and had always been welcome. For that city she therefore selout, only to find that the house was doted, and her friends gone to the beaeh for tho summer. By this time she was almost crazy from fright, lack of sleep and food, for she bad been able neither to eat nor rest since the news of the murder. Heaven knows what would hairs be come of her if accident had not put me upon her trail! Such is the story of Stella North; and in view of it, John Lamm, I want to’ know if yon blame me for what Ih&ve; done?” ^£><9. “I blame you for only ono thing, nomas,” said. Lamm, earnestly; "and that was for bang afraid to trust me with your secret." “ How did I know in what light you would’ view it ?” returned the reporter, uneasily. “ You are always so matter-of-fact and business-like. And, of course, I am perfectly aware that my present position is quite the reverse of business-like. H Hang the position!'! exclaimed John Lamm. ” That’s your affair. It’s the in-1 wardnets of the North cate that I'm looking after, and your stsry has given me a wonderful I push ahead." The detective took nut his note-book, die-) figured with bis peculiar hierogtyphios,- and began’ at once making additions, corrections; 1 and reflections; quite at if the problem before him had been one in mathematics, and could be proved by apply ing tome ofthe advanced rule* of the higher arithmetic. . "Well,” said Thomas, after bo had watched him in identic for some minutes, “ what is your theory?” ‘•None, Thomas,” returned the detect)re, quickly. “Whetiiyoura?” “That Marion is trying to ehieM somebody from the reratta of • capital offence.’’ “ And that eoraeboJy is ?"' “ Either Fetridgo or Stackhouse.” “ With a leaning towards-” “Fetridge,” said Thomas. “But I should like to know which of the men went to the house that night, if either—before expressing any deep oonvietion." “ Ah, quite so. And that I propose to ascer tain. But go on, Kingman. Your conclusions an always logical, ana they interest me for that reason. There is no crime without a motive. What was the mo tire f " “Medear-fellow;” (aid Thomas, “that is just the mistake made by criminal theorists. But you and 1 know that the majority of murders are done without adequate mourn. Few men in tbeee days plot to kill. They kill whin they an insane with rum or jealousy, or to defend themselves." Ton emphasise that, I tee!’’ “ Because' I hare thought it right along,” :er. “The fact that the ballet •aid the reporter. _ mast hare been find from a point lower down than an erect man naturally caniee his hand leads me to believo that the murderer of Paul North was on his knees, and it is logical-to presume from that that he had been knocked “Clerer!” said John Lamm, with genuine admiration. “Clever, and just like vou, Thomas. Of course, we can think of hundreds of reasons why North might hare knocked down his partner, whose advice had ruined him—for Nqrth was steady enough before he came under Stackhouse's influence—or why he should hare knocked down an importunate gentleman who might hare been trying to deceive his daughter.” “Precisely,’’ agreed Thomas. •‘And then,” said Lamm, slowly, “you throw the idea of a most deliberate and cunningly.Iaid conspiracy of murder for security and revenge out of the question.” “ Conspiracy?" echoed Thomas. *• Conspiracy !” said John Lamm. Thomas looked like a donbtful roan who would bo very glad to become convinced. “ Yes," eatd John Lems in a tone of deep conviction, “I am willing to stake my pro fessional reputation at this stago of the case on the prediction that this murder of North is a conspiracy-either for ruining Stackhouse or for revenge upon Paul North.” “And—the girl is in it?” murmured Thomas, apprehensively. “ Certainly, the girl is in it. To he sure the girl is in it. You can't alter that fact to save your life. For good, bad, or indifferent pur* poses—Marion Sta<&hotise; planned the game. Whose band carried it oat 1 won't say at this time; bat 1 am convinced of ono thing—it originated in her mind.” “Why, John Lamm? Why?’ demanded Thomas, aghast. “ Because I always look to the character of the person to correspond to the natnre of the crime. There is nobody else in this little coterie capable of originating a crime, so cnnningly con ceived. so ndmirably executed.” “ What do yon mean ?” “ What do I mean!” echoed the detective. “ Good heavens, Thomas, where aie your eyes ? Can’t yon see tint in every step we have taken we have been baffled, misled, made fools of? Do you imagine Paul North would have gone to his town house, shut up ns it was for the summer, .unites he bad been enticed there ? The writing of Stackhouse's nemo on the wall proves con-, cl naively to my mind that Stackhouse did not do it. Why, how absnrditis! The medical ex amination gives ISO seconds as a limit to North's life after he was shot. Do yon suppose if Stackhouse had shot him he would have run away before assuring himself that he was dead ? Would he have let North write bis name on the wall ? If North had done it. wouldn't ho have smeared it ont again? Why, of coarse- he. would. And in this name upon the wall is the aahans of the whole matter. There -we see the- fangs' and the teeth'of the serpent—the bitter; deadly enmity that underlies the whole scheme. Tut the-entire object was revenge upon Stackhouse I do not believe. It is too roandaboutf'and too dangerous a method of revenge: hat that the perpetrators of the deed hated that man—why, the fact is as clear as eaelight; Now,- who hates Stiackhoaae ? Who oetbe dar of the discovery of the crime drove1 him frotnnar aide, from the boose, knowing full weB—neyj- triumphantly welcoming the fact in •o essny words—that snob' an set woutd' only. despan the snspicioa about him t Who, with Paul North alive, was not fits to meet the man she really loved;-and who, Paul North dead, aM ttdenon o out of the way, might reunite heferif .with her guilty-lover? Who.for no ®ease hat one that under each nrcnmstaneee era eaa understand, flies into a pwwfbn of anger, at ttntemeMtraacnqf an innocent girl, snd is so wflri bytha impending taims that the cannot kespbernlf away Min &e; scene?” ■ - - “BSp! Donigoon!” Siuti/ Boy Twin ran Tarot.—It U mean boy who usually tails things,' and at VUffMt taUe'is*Us'iavduKte-theatre.: A‘ at the Mght little fellow peered lato the dish land of the' tahte, and exclaimed.'-“What a Htthchiafcm for so maqp■.•agrinl'!/ peny-'emflil un-rectitioosiy.aad hu mother "‘"TaSSsteiftlsg® tow Sm> lie toito tittle calakan aia^titl” 