UNDER FALSE COLORS. CHAPTER II (Continued). The next door she opened displayod a lum ber-room, piled with dusty, decayed boxes delapidsted furniture past use, flower-pots with dead flowers-a grent store. There was ;bc| windbw in this rboiii. but-from a skylight , a gleam ‘ofwintery siinBliinb, piercing: the fog, : sh|ono- <lown- upon ' this strangb, motloy.'as bomblogo of decay, making it' scorn" a thou sand jtimeS more mournfar by''its ■ light than; would” have done. Amy closed tbp door with a hurried hand, “It is : the bhprqhykrdiof 'the : house;" she‘ whispered; “■4H * >ts dead - things are here.-“Even" US dead ! flowers/ which' somebnelbved' and tended once;"' : •*! • , " tPhb'Buddon clash of the boll 1 whoso echoes came- hurrying - up the stain like woird' voiccLs. ■ ’uttering dimly all the sorrows that’hnid 'inoanca and sobbed in this 1 old'house ! Jn' times’’gone by) seemed to Amy something unreal, only a.part bf the strange vision 1 she was seeing. Shu took no heed'of it/ bub 'dosoaring noW of iany ! comfort; she opened' the lost door lipon-thc landing with a sinking hodrt. But 'her eyes- smiled with"hope as -she- Ibokcd .arbund her; for she was in the " bright, 'small ■ room,’ having two windows,‘'one looking dbSyiv the street; the other on- the ghtdeii in" the square, which -was /cheerful and still green 1 I and Well "kept; 'though no aristocratic eyes ! ever 'gazed upon’ it 1 'now. The * little room was itdt, ill-furnished/ and its. double share bf ‘ light niadb it 'cheerful; : Hope’ fluttered' again in the" girl’s heart 1 now, and she took oft her cloak and hbunot! with some - alcarityyftnd Smoothed, her 'hair, ! and looked at her pretty paid face in thb cracked mirror with a flickering, smile. "Then the boll sounded again, and as' ihb echoes cat|io hurrying up, ' crowding, upon her with thqir'many voices, tlio thought struck her that this Was her uncle's summons for her to re-' 'turn'to him. Slip hastened'to' r, ohey. it, run ning' swiftly down the stairs wjtli young, light'stop, hot daring to touch' the dust laden 1 balustrade On her way; : ' Mr, Maxwell sat by the kitchen Arc with a plaid upon' his knee, oh which werb a . piece, .of bread, and' smaller half of a lean rod her ring.' 1 “I thought you wanted nor breakfast, yoit woi-o so long in coming,” ho ’said, enunciate iug his words, ,as he always did, with ex- ' tremo .slowness. -. ■ * “T did not guess the boll was sounding for;, me, unde;” • ;. * . “ It is too far for a call. I shall always have'to ring 1 fpr yon. Well, have you chosen the bigget'garret?” This question was asked willtalitte chuckle, 'as' though some ghost of a joke were lurking in it “No, unde—the'biggest room is full -of Imhb'or,' how could I choose that?” lie laughed out now. “Ah—so'you ’ opened all| the doors, and tried them on the other (landings too; I dare say.” , , rt No. I only Iricdthoso on tlio' top flight, before I reached the garret’stairs. I mistook; I thought tlmt was the top of tho house.” “ It does not matter, since - ,lhd doors arc looked.-. There,.you need 1 not oak why. The robins are too fine to be used, that’s all,” ' “Then are they all furnished,’undo?” ' 1 ’ " , “ Yes, they are all just as they wore long 1 •ogo Sviioh—when I was not n poor old man,: as I : ara now. Do girls always ask questions? Because, if they ao 1 would adviso you to' make yourself an exception, ,as I don’t like them.” - 1 : ■’ Thus rebuffed/Amy ate hpr'poor breakfast in silence, but caught the 1 *old man’s glance: now mid again 1 fixed bn 1 her, as though she wore some strange creature ho -was trying to understand. . ' “ You will have to live hard,’and faro Imyd too, while yon stay with mo,” ho said/ after one of his longest stares, “Did your mother know that when she made mo your guprdiiih” - 1 • '' h ' : I don’t think she, know ■ quiet how—how yon live,” said Ainy, in' n Ib,w '‘♦'bide, ' jVhiio tearUrose fast, and she strove’against them.' Ah, she • never Would believe I Whs so poor; oh I r 'am. But you sec itj yes, you sec it j for "yourself; And-so the-said of .her furniture' only just paid her 'debts and—and other-expenses?”<■ lio'did not say “funeral,” but whether it was because of' her tearb," or because ho himself disliked the Wbrdj She could not tell. \- ‘l‘ That was all 1 , uncle,” she said; “except my mourning and' my '.fare to England. I had just enough money for these.” And you think row that X' can afford to be|lmrdoned r withyou. ”■ 1 ; Only- :: fdr a little while/' uncle, and I will .try not to .cost you much, till I find some way- to;carn my bread.'”' * : u ! . ' tiho holdt in * her: <tears, . pride helping hoiy 1 but her voice shook, and a faint flush tinged 1 her cheek. - The old man kept'his eyes fixed on her, as .if measuring her strength and ;, co* pnpity for work, and apparently he did not think it great, for his answer was somewhat contemptuous. What con you do to got a: living?” • . . . “I can teach music, and French, and: Ger man.” ■■ -'ll I'You had bettor take n crossing, and swoop' it than try the teaching trade in : this over stocked London. Is there nothing else you canido?” . 1 “ I 'can paint' pretty -wel sketches, uncle, nqtbing grand/ or-’-great, 'bqt ’’ : r ; There that will do.- That’s better. You could paint hand-screens and; pretty little worthless, saleable pictures, perhaps?” : > ■ Yes, 1 could do that” *■ . “iWoll you ought to do it pretty well. Your mother lived by painting,, didn’t she?” \- f‘Not altogether; 1 Sue had her annnjty, you know; which was lost when she died.” “Ay, ay.’ And,'because 1 paid her the an nuity she thought when I was relieved from il|I ought to take you. ' She never know how 'bad {to'pinch and save to send it to her.” ; '‘No, she never guessed that,” said Amy/ simply. “She believed you wore rich;” ' .“Well, well, you see for what I am.. A poor old man—nothing -more,” ; A, ring andsinglo knock at the front door mpdo him spirt up hurriedly.*, “That's my clerk ho,always-calls for mo dtnino. (Good-. bj(o,i. I sk.all/ho back at six.”, .• t lie shook-her feebly by the hand and wont* nWay;,. A moment more and she heard . the door above open and close, and. know,/she was left alone; in this-drearv, desolate house! , j ' CHAPTER XL-, r ; , . , lAray Avondalo put down her onp of poor coffee, and thrusting aside her untastod,broad, she,leant her, face upon hei/hands, ,and won r derfid in .bitterness whpthor it would bp;,,pos-. siplo Jthis very- day to escapo fr;om tlio anguish of such charity as tins,. . > , " |Sho shuddered at the thought of what ,-her daily life.might bo,, shut up plbno in this dis mal liouso with her strango pnolo,. Yot, she could see no : escape from it , ( ! ; horo whs a refuge,,a home fer lior, - tho, l proteoiion of,a relative,,and safety,, while-if she word, out in Lbo world, alpne, - a (thousand evils, Plight assail her,< of which ebb CQuld .,not ‘dream, but;which, doubtless, would; lie far, Worse than-the paii)., and solitudo ofthor lifo here. “My .ppor mother,ohuig to.the thought, of my being safe in hev old homo, and.'l pro-, inisod hot if her brother/ gave ( mo a rohigo that I, would not Ipavo it>,so. I* will'.:keep iqy Word,' ahd l ,wilV try not to lie unhappy, . not” to complain,”" . [ t Braced by her resolve, she lifted jior tear stained face from her hands, and thou started in amazement to soo the diminnUvo, outlaridr ish figure of a girl s.taring* at her with all the power and. might'that could bo ebneon,- trated in a pair of very goggle eyes, ,.. “ Wlios are ;ybu?*’ oxolaimcd Amy, In alarm. , I’m .Miss Gobbler. : Don’t bo frightened, plcasd. , ,t comes,every, ,day to do tho qha'ring. If washes and cooks,and—’Oh, l . dqca any th iiu?.” ; ,' . .,, ! ;* ( |“ You.? , You are only a/ohild.” } ?|Oh.np, miss, I'm . eighteen, i\ud / ; I ain’t don’p growing yet.. , I moans to bo a fine woman one day.. May I ask who you are?” ] “I’m Mr. hmxwoll’s nlcoo,”.. , And you aro going to slay hero?'* , ( I “,Yo8. ” ; ' ‘ .... ! < “,Oh my, that'a lovelyX.,Now I shan’t bo Ipnesqme anyjtnoro. Y7o shall ho bohutiful' aonipany for. coqh other, and .1. expects thq ghosts., iyill|have to koop quiet no\y.” ] “ Avc thoro ghosts hoi’oP",said Amy, with a, fliqkormg. sinilq on hor lips.. , } “;Woll, thorbfs. something. ’ Thpy may bo ifats if thoy ain’t,'ghosts, hut thpy senro mo niost out of my lift at timos.” ’ ; You appeared to mo. HUb a ghost, your self, ijpfow did yqii' get in*” / • O, I always eomq. whon Mr. Wll.oy, doc^. | X walkJn, you ,800, as -Mr. Maacsvoll .walks out.’/ . r . ‘ ■ ) “ Mr. ;Wi)oy is tho clerk, X .suppose?” said f 1 Qobblor nodded- her bend. “And ho’s a wbnnqr, <nn,d no mistake," she obs.oryod. • f‘-Thon!-yon don’t like him?”,said Amy,. i “iHo’s; pizon, Umt's .my opinion ; but, then, I ain't nobody,, .1,’m.qnly.Lizzio.'^pb^qr, I eqviiB a. day And my -'yictutils. ' so, )n (iourso, fpy opinions.Iti cubbish., , Wjll you filnd'my.onting my brokfls noiv?"' . r ,‘ Nfttc\tb)), rotnrn 0 d .Amy, .of pvon- Uus companibnsbip to,.fool .aggnoyod at Miss^Gobblers familiarity.. !, ... ; t Availing herself of this pbrnnssioh, sho -prqoqqdod to despatch tlio . broad, and, salt jbuttor ,;wltli an appotift tha Bcptnod Jn- J '' r- '• -v-;; - ,h.. , ; , satiable, thtm -suddenlyxher byesj toll utipir m liltlo covere'd-'' dish'o tv thValovdi ’ it$ she discovered the remains of the herring, add stood staring in amazement “Oh, my, i ypu don’t mean to say ho went and bought •afrod herring? Now, ho must have done ’■ that for you," said Miss Gobbler, in great i thought ‘‘I alwayadid say ho wasn’t ’arf so . s had as fplkB Well,'| shfcc ba ■ it,' I wit!.”' Jfail itThcbn a sttirgeon 0 'instead ; ofi a herring, Amy began' to think her com p panion capable of devouring it, for it was not \- . until the last crust.of tho loaf‘had disap peared that Miss Gobbler thought lit to con? elude Uor/braakfnsk rTheir >ebci p imbed back bageriyjL“flow.'I mustHhink about our dinners.” /‘Is it hot a little too soon?” asked Amy. ■No, I always think of dinner d’rccklyl’ve finished breakfast. I wonder what money tho old man has loft homo this time?” So say ing, she walked to tho Ohimnoy- picco, and removing a small clock, took from beneath it a eoin'tvaicH'she held up tili'tribmpli.- “ Good ness, gracious me1 ’arf. a* crown 1 1 This is the fust time such k 1 thing liffvfe through alt the hundreds of years I’ve been hero to work. Ain’t he good. ■ '"Wlio’ll say he’s a miser now? Why can have all the luck-i 'Sbureos of the soasbh wiln sicna sum as 1 'tins." • ■ The consideration ortho diuner r npwacemed to iMijss' 0pbbler%n affair, of such Unit she put it off until her work should bo done. This she accomplished in a very ■cheery and effective way, even succeeding in getting Amy’s box conveyed to her room, with thd help of a mysterious young man, who \- suddenly appeared round tbooorner attwolyo o?elook, and made known his presence with Dip aid of. a pebble: thrbwn'alr. the kitchen \vm doy?- ‘IYou needn’t give him anything, miss,” observed Miss Gobbler, os Amy took out hci* purse; hd-s-iny young-.man,: and in course he’s glad to do anything to help mo. Ain’t > you, Toni?” : Toni expressed his-'assent?, 11 and : ho’-and Miss Gobbler wont out together on tho serious business of procuring dinner. The wonders she accomplished'with that halt-b,-orownfiUcd Tom’s mouth with praises on his return, ( wh|ilo ho spoke of her with a sort of self glory and triumph, as if she wore a live cariosity which ho had had tho merit of find ing* \- From Miss Gobbler’s voluble tongue Amy learnt much that afternoon respecting her eccentric uncle. “ You see ho groweu odd gradual through boing leftrsb lonesome. First bis wife died, and then tho droring rodm got shut up and tho room she died in. Then his sister—your ma, miss—runnod away with somebody very poor and very grand—” ’ . v • t '«, “ Notgrand,” said. Amy. ■■ > “Yes lie was, l only his folks: wore too proud to own him after his marriage. Well, 1 and then her room, was shut up; and..,lastly, his sohi his only...child, runned away, and hayon’t never been heard of since.”, ■, , “What! did bis son forsako him?” ex claimed Amy. • Miss-Gobbler.nodded, , “So people say,Mm-' nciiso tho lad couldn’t boar his father’s hear, moan ways, but I think that wiciotis old Wiley was at tho bottom of it all. But wot’s tho good of thinking? It don’t -mend, tilings. So then all the.rooms.were. shut up.’copt. the', dining-room, and they’ve been ‘kept locked over since. And there’s heaps of beautiful -things in. them aU,mouldering.awavv,,to dust., No wondor I hears ghosts when I’m in the, house alone all day. {‘I .can’t toll how yon have had tho courage to stay here- by- yourself/’ ’ said Amy. • 1 Oh, I used to scare the ghosts off by work ing-and' singing,, tiU;tL got queer) a|)qut;my own. voice, and fancied. I had, loft,the, songs like cohoes in the locked rooms, and they weiro,always moaning .to.get out.. It was pply the wi ild you heard,, cop eluded ‘ Miss Gobb ler, with a 1 frigh toned ijbpk growing 'pver her odd little countenance. .! :, i‘I And have you never boon in the closed rooms?” “ Never! nor hobody' aih’t for hundred f ears or-more; Miss Gobbler was given tb* a ittlo playful exaggeration, atid-was extreme- 1 ly vague in her ideas of time and distance. “ What- a pity, she. continued, you ainU-nn. one-of; they lovely, rooms ins oadiof up in a dis-i inal garret. ” ■ _• ■ i - , S‘ You have made my room so cheerful and pretty : piat I,, am quite,contented with .it,,” said Amy.,, “All I long for now flpwCr.' or Itwp for the window, u :, . / i ‘I A flower, exclaimed Miss Gobbler. I think you’ll got that easy, for your uncle is always buying flowers. It’s just the ona.thtogihht h’o aln’l/ainisbr in,”; ; ’t i . Amy looked bowildored.' n “But'JI have ho|, •scon a flower here anywhere,” she said. . That’s just it—that’s one of his queer ways. No one knows i what he .does with >his iftowers.” . -.■■"> ,< ‘f Lam afraiddfo .lets them > all; die,” 'said Amy, as she thought of tho groat store of withered flowers she had seen in tho large atuc.nexthQ* own. ■ , , . ■ , , ■ , ‘fCome. ap'd, sec: tho .dining-room,” said Mijsa’Gobblor who-having companionship for th<4 first time, clung now pertinaciously to Amy. , ■ Tho.dining-room was a surprise. , It >yas arijobly .proportioned room,, pannoHed ‘with joak, and, a .carved coiling audjhigji,.chim ney piece. The furniture was massive and ihandsomc, but the curtains and carpets were worn end faded, the latter trodden down by toot ’ whoso , step : would never echo aghin? through tile old house. r ' . “ Mr; Miixwcir always dines here fit seven,'’ observed Miss Gobbler, “and after I have cleared away and laid the fire ready for light ing In. the;kitchen in Ithdi morning; 1 and ; put bis breakfast out there, 5 1 wishes him- good night and goes away. That’s how wo live dav after day for all tho years upon years I’yo; since mother, had the rheumaticsiand give \ip tile place to me. It’s a Spacer way for a gentleman to live, isn’t itr , ...... , , ... “It is odd ih’dbed, unless.he is, very poor,l : oslho tolls ’• ; . , ; . toor i t why ,hq is sp it would take flyo hundred slates to put ‘ tlio ' suin' total of bis money on, and a waggon load of slate Ipcnoils would bo used up in doing iU Don’t you 'ljolicve a word ‘ about"'his being poor," lib only says that because lie’s atoared of ..being robbed. And bow it is the house (ftin’t bpcn.bypko into I,can’t;toll. .It one of these (dark nights fpy and hoj and you both killed, porlians.” “Lotus .talk pf somothjng more phcerful,” | said ’Amy,' ,f with a, little Shudder as tbbitjglit of the'lonplihossjof' the" long : \yinter nibble to ’comb.’' : i ! I. 1 ;.-,. V, , T. p Tliorc haven’t been ’ anything so bhoorful as your face and your voice in this room for a hdndrbd ' ybAra/” resumed!■' Miss Gobblbivi “Goddness,- how- different it does make things look! And you’ve laid out tho table beautiful.” “.If I pnly .bad a flower, oy two forvitj 1 ’. said Amy.: ii ' "!“ Well, your undo spent flvp blospad abill ’ ings yesterday for flowers, and only gave me sixpence for,my dinner, but where .they are, cpiio I can’i r toll,, uhlcks hb's givch ’em iS tlio cheats. I’m dreadful hungry. "■ I ’know’' itjs five o’clock, will you mind my gelling tea fbV mySdf how?”- iMiss Qobblhrmot only 'took 1 tea, but feasted' herself with thc , romain8 f PC the mud wok so" long at ■- her meal that six o’olock camo before she declared' hor splf satisfied, I ‘.‘I uftpd - to, .think it, • was . lonclinoafv; mode, nio hungry,” she said, in a tone of apology, > -“but it can’t bo that to-day. Lor’ I I should eat all day if I was let cat, hut aip’t let, t so I’m forced to 'sioif .anti w.prk’ • between’ meals to "keep my appetite ’down •” ‘ ’Xmy trembled when she heard her undo’s kbook. Would ho gi'oot her more kindly than hS bad doiio 'ihrllfe morning? Would there 1)0 r any ray of comfort for • her iu bisi cold oyo, in tlio touoh'of his hard hand.. ■She who hod boon so used to love, how should sho hoar her young life ..if ; an olmoa •, pboro of hato should grow arouiid lior In tliia 'dull, dead house? . . ; I She sat in tho dining-room .ready;,tor. ro fc|n.ve him, unconscious how her presence brightened it, how bpxvawqQ.t, fair fnfje, and. siondpr flgnyp, mtidp Bio dark room plow \yith; llfo.i and Jjftlo of.,light and to' ■to spine, tjnjpugh ; tKp-j pf its,soil; tudo. As the’ door opened slib rose with, n. 1 timid smile on her-lips, but tho man on whom her eyes rested \vos a stranger. >. » i.l/-i I cilil n /. • I CHAPTER III. : i ' 1 < I Amy looked eagerly at the now-comor. Ho was a aliort, with! a? square,' .lean, , jawi hnd- chinjN>antl wltli; qulok,f prominent oyos that had tho faculty:’apparontly of: twist ing round corners, and seeing anything rtrouad thorn ,in an of limp. t No^ ( >vna wii'tKeiKiPnty wW^cWiMl.in).Ibok* :ni them both aggfossivp .and. a.o( .juftl t in,- / flmjr;gi«!o-thoy t ,nad- a j : wny of (fariiug toiv, wards, unpleasantly suggestive to the v person, gazed at of rinakoa or bullets, which Would fain strike instead of look, Amy took an in- Stant dislike to this person before be spoke. “ Miss Avondale, I presume?” ho said, bow eg awkwardly. “I am John Wiley, your nolujs,clerk; J doflmpd it aiy duty to call.I . ttiid apolboisd' to ybu for having forgotten to give your letter to your uncle. It came late m tho bVonibgfaftbr' libi was'lgbu^-Lioften work Into, and I nnt!(t in my desk and for got it." . - f “It in a matter of‘W' consequence now," ruturnod Amy, quiotty. ■ J ‘ ' “But I am so sorry,” persisted Mr. Wiley, “ because if Mr, Maxwell had known o'f your coming, 1 hoped something would have been dftno to make you welcome. As it was, i fear you found great discomfort,” Here his eyes darted forward eagerly, lowered hfe voicoadWoSt toTA “ Tlw/fnc.$i1»," ho contirrocd“^ < Mrr njSobv Shan, ai}d is obliged to live penuriously, and he can ill. afford any additional burden on 1 *cr r f r :• • r f j ri - ' j“‘ , r*tf<rnot %lAid r ’ bd d burden,”'’snick Amy, coldly, “I shall work for myself.” j“ My dear young lady I cannot tell you how glpd I am to hear you say that! Lot me beg oft you to. <bsab,Ufm : your mind; oh -any - report that may have reached you of your uncle being rich. It is all false, .1 assure j'ou, all ignorant talk arising’fri’in'his habits of life, which arc a necessity, a strict necessity on hijn through his small means." J‘ 1 am very sorry lie is so poor," returned Amy. , v“You $iay depend pm it, I sUalb en deavor not to ho an expense to him.” . v You arc taking things in tuc right spirit, Miss Avondale, and if I can help you I will. May I mention your name if I should hear of a good situation as companion, or governess?. I may bo able to bo 6’f' great '.{ajssiStaiKjo tp$ you in that way.” AgAin his eyes darted at her, while his lowered voice sounded' in her cars like a serpent’s histj. ‘ She drew’ back, full of repulsion towards the man she knew not Wjhy. / ., ,, t , , , •, v * I ; aip niuch obliged to you, ;brtty I do. not >intend to leave my uncle at present; I shall got work hero to'do that will suit me.” ; “Indeed!” ho answered, “I should have i that very diflicult; and the misery to {yourself will bo dreadful, I think you cannot have fathomed yet all the discomfort and solitude of life in this house.” 1 1 shall y leayn t$ ;( bcar, it,”; said Amy. ; “What my undo suffers 1 can suffer.” VI admire and honor you,” returned Mr, Wiley, in his blandest voice. “fVou 4'i,vQ.mo to «pcak r of another, inaltoiv, f /XlPS i)<npw - £liGrqf? is , np. unhappy, quhrrolbelweon llic father and son?’’^ S‘ I know young Mr. Maxwell' is absent—I never heard of any quarrel.” v There is a quarrel—a deadly quarrel be tween them. I want you to boar in mind that I am the unhappy young man’s friend; and if you should goin any influence here, as you mtiy do, Miss Avondale, I trust you will bo generous enough to use it on his behalf. Jroriiaps you; will:be/able : 16 ' overcome 'Mr. Maxwell’s unnatural hatred of his son.” Amy remained silent; she felt distressed, and astonished, and full of doubt. This man, f-with all Iiis glib /and rapid /.utterances / and; doferentiiil manner, nevertheless inspired her' with distrust and dislike.. She answered after a moment’s thought in her coldest todcs : “You forgot, Mr. Wiley, that I have only this day enwrefl . my uncle’s house, and I 6m, in fact, a stranger* to him! Ho may not oven wish-- irio' to become acquainted with these family details. At all events, 1 should Jinye preferred to boar thorn'from hinisclf. ” “1 ought to have explained at thp first,” re turned Mr. Wiley, eagerly, “thatl called by hia desire to make known some of these foots 1 to you. ’He is anxious you should' understand your, ground,; and not expect too much from him,” “Ho need not fear,” exclaimed the girl, in dignantly ; “ I shall ask for nothing but the ifoof to shelter me. I will not exist long upon hifj charity.” * ; Mr. Wiley perhaps expected this outburst; eyes twinkled, and his lips iwitohed with the pleasure his voice of condolence hid, “I applaud your resplyc, Miss Avondale, I trust ypp may hot have 1 ip remain loflg under an inhospitable roof*— hihospilalile only through poverty, mind,” he added, quickly, “and should you at length find things here unbear able 1 hope you will allow mo to bo con sidered as a friend. I have been so long connected with Mr. MaxwoU”s family, that 1 hayc a right, I think, to hope you will so con sider niO;- ■’ ' •' r ’ 1 ' ■ 'f '-'.sr-i;; ■’ Amy bowed without speaking. She was very pale, but hcixeycs wore -shining with a -bright light—in winch'Mr. Wiley felt himself uncomfortable. S ( f One thing more,” he said, rising to go, “ You will not betray my confidence to Mr. Maxwell, and let him know I have asked you to befriend his son?” \- “ I shall not mention Mr. Maxwell’s son to him,” she answered.■ , , , , ,.‘f Thank you! 'I think I can trust yon. T a,m! sure you would not injure an innocent person. Yet one Unrig mard—always in the interest of this unfortunate young man. Suppose now, for instance, that Mr. Maxwell fyero deceiving you and me, and were in reality a rich man, you would-not bo so cruel as to widen *the breach between father and $oil in order to gain advantages for yourself that should one day be justly his.” : ‘| Ainyt “I wonder by/vyhnt; right you deemed yourself privileged to in sult mo!” \- ‘fAh, you arc 'indignant,” said Mr! Wiley, with a bland smile, “naturally indignant at the mere suggestion that you could bo guilty of such conduct, but you do not reflect that this is the construction the whole world would put on your motives in remaining hfefe through all sorts of miseries and trials, for a young girl to hear, unless she had some groat reward in view.” “ I would leave my undo’s house to-morrow if 1 believed my actions could bo so miscon- Btrjuctcd/’said Amy, as her heart swelled at the bard injustice of such an accusation. “But ho is poor, therefore the world will leave mo alone to suffer hero whatever bur den poverty may bring, without hope of re ward.” Was. Mr. 'Wiley,; foijod? His, quick eye's darted 1 their glances (o'and* fro nS i-fSn Heard) of la prey, and finding none, ho was fain to • take up his hat and prepare to depart. “ I iadlniro your character, Miss Avondale. I perceive you arc more likely to leave your undo, being richj than if he were pool’.” “Much more likely, returned Amy, stilly. “Certainly I should bo sorry to remain hold if I thereby Incurred the odium of being ,locked on as a fonuenter of strife between father and son, in the hope of gaining imaginary wealth to which ho had the just Stitjo. 1 pbc laughed out f little' bHtorljr, then, recovering more thanriiof former seriousness, /She received Mr. Wiley’s last greeting and j'last protestation of friendship with a silent hoftv. Ho wont away grimly, opening and shotting ’ thb 1 door for himself, for Miss pobblcr scorned to wait upon him ; but that young lady,’ from her lurking-place " iii the area, kept her oyo upon him, and saw him s\ying hastily round the corner of tho square, whore tlio,wild wind mot him, mingling with the sparse snow just falling greyly into the darkness. . vr, * o " '' TT / ' ' iMisa’Gobblcr saw niorii ;' for fronriwith oqt tho deep shadow of tho plane-trees, whoso yellow leaves still fluttered in the November air, there emerged tho jaunty figure of a youngfnmn; wjtlrn snd and faded beauty ’ oft hik fape, and a trembling in tho eager hands held Toridi 'lii 'greeting. “So lie’s come ‘’back!’' said Miss Gobbler to herself, “I wjuuler what will happen next !” And it was very risky, of him to stand so,near tho ) house. Uui'dMr! Maxwell just'eoming home. Well, 1 .1 shan’t toll on him. A still tongue makes , a wise head. ” ! With this aphorism Mias Gobbor dished up Mr. Maxwell’s frugal dinner, and hearing his step above —for ho entered with his latcn-kcy immediately after his clerk's doparturc--she served it piping hot. / Then she brought .Amy's tea, with tho luxury of a new-laid egg added to it, wjpelr.she .placed before her with awvido grin of triumph.'' ’ ' ’ ;Tho smile of wolcoma with which Amy had .micaut to moot her undo had not greeted '.h|m; ‘Mr. AyUoy’p .words Imd stopped v be tween Him and nl»< home-coming, and -1 built’ up a baiTior in tho girl’s heart which, kept her silent and doulbtful. “Uioh or poor, he must ho a mean, hard man,” her thoughts whispered, ns now mid again her 'glance Vested on Ills furrowed face, “ Yes, hard and cruel, to quavxql .with aud discayd hiSj only son, aud entrench' himself'against Ilia sislor’s 'child, lost aho should raahly hope for a little kindness” „ i So tlio meal passed in silcuco, and tho shadow of the coming night grow darker and darker about them,'; aa tlio > small lamp flickered, and the firo dwindled; aud with out, in the dull, deserted street, tho snow foil fast, with soft,. insidious, unsuspected strength, like tho .coldness of hate growing Upon love. ’ '• 1 } (to irts ooNTrsur.u.) 