LEONARD LINDSAY OR The Story of a Buccaneer. CHAPTER XXVI. (CONTINUED.) By ANGUS B. REACH. All at once the flame of the lamp flashed high up, and then sank down into the bronze, so that the cabin was almost in darkness, and the two ravens Muttered and croaked. Tronda lifted up her head, and her livid face became as the face of a statue carved out of blue and grev marble, for before her, standing ns he had already done that day. was the form Torquil Randa, with tin; blue spot upon his forehead where the lightning had struck it. There was silence for the space of a minute, and then the form of Torquil spoke, ‘ ‘ I am sent from tho cb-ad,’ it said, ‘to give you a last warning.’ ‘ Return to those who sent you, an swered the witch ; 4 I take no warnings. I am bid to tell yon, said the spirit, that tho measures of your iniquities is nearly full.’ “ The witch of Lapland rose erect, and stood confronting the apparition. ‘ I have no fear of aught, either dead or living spirit or Mesh, she replied. ‘ Get you gone, or J will call up the spectres of the winds, who will chase you to the uttermost ends of the earth.’ ; I >(> figure of Torquil Randa gave a sad smile, and stretching forth its hand, touched the magic crtstal which im mediately crumbled into black dust. 4 The powers which are given mo,’ said the spirit, 4 are greater than yours.’ I ronda's frame shivered as she saw this, but she lost no wit of countenance, and looked her terrible visitant steadily in the face. 4 4 4 There will be given you one last opportunity,’ the apparition said. * Will you repent T ,l 4 No !’ said the witch of Lapland. “ The figure of 'Torquil Randa grew less and less distinct, and as it'dis appeared, the Maine of tho lamp brightened up again, and the ravens, which had nestled at Trondas feet, flew back to their perches on the chair. 44 lire next day, the galley meanwhile lying not far from Cape Tiboroon, in His paniola, there camo on board, in a small canoe, a Spanish girl, who seemed, ship mates, to have hardly life in her (o climb up the low side of the galley. This girl was of a beauty rarely s<*cn upon the earth, but those who looked upon the bright rod spot in her white chock, and the sickly flash of her black floating eye-r, knew that there was hardly a month's life flickering in her bosom ; so she went slowly into the cabin, and fell upon her knees before the witch, “ 4 Mother, she said, 4 I am dying fast, as you can see. 1 have a lover, my betrothed. He is corning across the ocean to bid mo farewell. Oh, that I might live to see him 1 I have little gold, but wliat I have, grant him a fair breeze, that his ship may come to land before 1 die, and that I may give up my spirit in liis arms.’ 44 So saying, (heSpanish girl hold forth a piece of gold th»* size of a walnut. Tronda had opened her mouth to speak, when a third woman entered tho <obin. Sho was a tall and haughty dame, and as she observed the dying girl a smile like that of a fiend passed over her face. Her cheeks flushed, and her eyes glanced with the fire of deadly spite. 'The younger girl started back at her aspect, and then sunk, all trembling and sobbing, upon the floor, 44 Then tho elder spoke thus— -44 I hate that woman. She is my rival. She has won from me tho man I love. I would prevent their meeting. She is poor, but I am rich. This, for a wind which will keep back hia ship, until she be no more,’ 44 With that, shipmates the woman laid upon the table a lump of virgin ore, tin big as a cocoa-nut. The other girl said nothing, but still held out her smaller offering. Tronda stood between thorn musing. At last she took the large lump, and dropped it into the great chcstful 1 at her feet, 4 4 4 You shall have a baffling wind,’ she said to tho Jealous rival. The poor girl, who was dying, rose feebly, and passed out weeping ; the crew let her down with careful hands into her canoe. 44 But at tho moment wbety Tronda had rnado her decision, the sudden moan of a hollow sounding wind passed through tho air, and tho galley rooked and luborcxl, as though an invisible hand had smote her. Tho witch remained long musing in tho • ahin, until, hearing th** dash of oars, sho rose and went on deck. The galley was deserted, and (hr; whole crew embarked in tho boats, were pulling fast for tho land, while i he horizon wav again clouded as it was when the witch drew lightning from the heavens. Tronda mounted upon the poop, and stretched forth her arms, to curse the faithless crew, when her eye suddenly fell upon Torquil, standing as he had stood, beneath the mainmast when the levin bolt struck trim. Then sho foroboro, and remained with drooping head, gazing into the But what was remark able was that when the whole ere* of the galley left her at onco, ineteau of sunk still deeper in the wate? , slid ITa heavy swell began to lilt aid heave around, the ship rolle.l and pitched with a strange sickly motion. “ Then came another portent. Tronda still stood upon the poop, when she started to hear a sudden pattering of feet, and a squeaking and scratching all around her. Immediately there poured forth from every hatchway a whole legion of rats—young ones and old—brown and grey—all of th r *m making for the side of the vessel, and then plunging with a loud shrill squeaking into the sea, which was speedily dotted with their little heads, all swimming merrily to land. When the last had leaped overboard, the figure of Torquil Randu glided softly aft and confronted the witch. “ ‘ Rifs, quo*h the figure, 4 leave a sinking ship. And, a.> he spoke, the galley appeared to float in the water more h**av ly and deeply than ever, whil* tin' swells rose in great rocking billows, and the moan of a coming wind hurtled over the sea. Still Tronda confronted tlie apparition with a lip which never quivered, and an eye which never blinked. “ ‘ My ancestors,' said she, 4 wore champions and heroes; one of them—Eric Westra descended into the tomb of vSigismund, the sea king, and bore from thence the bronze sepulchral lamp which burns beneath, although it was guarded by monsters acd potent sp'-lls. What art thou, then, that one in whoso veins runs the blood of such a hero, should tremble and quake before thee .’ But the apparition said— “ ‘ I came from a power which is mightier than than of Odin and of Thor, ami I am commissioned to pronounce to thee* the doom thou shalt undergo as a punishm-ni for thy wicked sorceries, even until the end of time.' “ At that there rose a mighty wind, and 11)e galley started away before it. In vain Tronda bade the elements to cease their strife—in vain she kn-lt upon the poop, and, with her drenched hair all streaming in the tempest, sung her magic rhymes, and screamed outlier moat potent charms. The winds blew, and the clouds lowered, and the waves ros**, unheedful of her spells, and so at last she started up from the deck, and cried in a lamentable voice— “ ‘ Alas ’ alas ! my powvr is gone from me, and the dements obey mo no more !’ “ At these words there was a flutter and a croak, and the ravens, flying from the cabin, soan-d up into the tempest tossed air, wheeling round and round the rocking masts of the laboring ship. “ ' And you ton, said Tronda, looking up at them, 4 leav<\- me ; • 4 The sentence, comrades, was no sooner spoken than Um foul birds darted off, each his separate' way, and were speedily lost in the darkness. Then the storm burst out with all its fury. Had it been a barque manned by mortals, the galley would no* have lived an hour in that S' ,a; but ( nchantment kept it afloat until it had finished i f s destined course. For some space tie* Lapland witch and the figure of Torquil Randa were th<> only forms visible in the ship. But as the night fell and the darkness grew in tense pale flashes of lightning showed troops of phantoms upon the deck, who worked the ropes and sails as mariners in a gale. These shapes, comrades, were the spirits of the seamen whom Tronda by her incantations had drowned. But still the .vitch stood erect and fearless through all (his tumult of horror, lifting up h< r unabashed forehead to tlm gab*, and flashing all around her wild grey eyes. The figure of Torquil stayed ever by her side. ‘ 4 At length, comrades*, in the thick of the roaring tornado, with all the gibber ing ghosts dimly .seen flitting on the deck amid the flying pray and foam, there was shouted from the prows, in a voice which boomed like the tones of a church bell 4 Land.’ 4> At this tlu* spectre of the Norse mariner turned to Tronda, and said 44 ‘ Now hear your doom. From this time forth you will haunt the cape on which we are driving, and there you will have power over the winds which blow. Your evil nature, which is as a mighty devil within you, will over impel you to retard rather than to advance the course of mariners but yet, for every moment of time a ship is hindered on her eour.se, will you pass a year of torment, such as it is not in the breast of man to conceive. And this shall last even to the flay when the sea shall give up its dead,’ 44 In a moment after, mates, the galley was crushed into splinters, and not a vestige of her, or of her precious cargo of pearls, and jewels, and gold, was ever seen by man. But Tronda, the evil spirit of Cape Morant, still haunts that desolate beach and these stormy breakers, and sometimes in wild mid-watcheg, th * mariner has caught a glimpse of her pah; face and stony eyes, and floating locks, driving through the scud of the storm, with her arms tossed above her head, as (hough she was still singing the chant which raised winds and waves. I never spoke, comrades, with those who saw her . but I have heard tell of a sailor of Sir Francis Drake, who being, in a night of storm, < linging to the end of the bowsprit furling a split, sail, behold the ancient face of tin* hag, with hero grey hshy eyes looking into hia own, and who camo near letting go hold of tho spar in his fright and tumbling into tho boiling sea below. But he managed to mako his way, all pale and shaking, on board tho ship, whore ho told wliat ho bad witnessed ; and certain old men of tho crow said it was a most ovil omoo, and that either the ship would be lost, or he who saw the appearance would ho drowned. Now, word being passed through the ship of what had happened, it came to the ears of the stout-hearted admiral himself; and presently Sir Francis appeared out of the main cabin. “ ‘ What is thh, I hear, men,’ says ho —that one of you has been frightened by 1 a demon . 4 ‘ ‘ It was the devil, Sir Francis ’ said the sailor, by name .lames Gilbert.’ 4> ‘ And what if It were v quoth the admiral. ‘Ho is but a coward. If h<- shows his face to you again, pluck the grisly fiend by the beard. The devil fears all who do not fear him.’ “ bur for all these bold words of the admiral, the old sailors were right, before the ship had made Porto bello, whither she was bound, Gilbert was thing from the b-e foretopsail yard-arm inti the sea. After the tirst plunge, he never came to the .surface, and the old sailors know that what had happened was in consequence of his having seen the demon who haunts Point Morant.” CHAPTER XXVII. WHAT II A 1’1’DNS A l!0A K1» I HD SAl < V M'sAN —ASH 1 IIF. DSDl.VO OK HDD AND HDD < DDW. Three days after we boarded the Saucy Susan, I was tlu* look oat man during a dark mid-watch. The wind was fresh, the sea high, and we were plunging rapidly along : the sails straining and surging, and the masts and rigging crack ing with the pressure, I was standing on the heel of the bowsprit, with my arm round the. forestry to balance myself, and occasionally ducking and stooping as I best could to avoid the cold showers of brine which our sharp bows tore up, when someone pulled my doublet, and, looking round. I saw Rumbold. “ Is there anyone about quoth In- : “ I want to speak to you privately.’’ But the breeze, although it blew strong, was steady, and the watch lay dozing under the leu of the loug-hoftt between the masts. My mind misgives me, ’ says Rum bold, presently, “ that they have a design on me. That fellow Nixon watches every motion as a eat docs a mouse. I know that Jerry, Le Chilton Rouge, and he, are aware that I have pearls about me, and I go in constant dread. Did you see the three rogues to-day, how long ami how earnestly they talked, and what sly glances they, every one of them, threw at me ’ It was ticklish work living among the Spaniards at the. Rio do la Hacha, but I warrant you I feel never a hit more comfortable among my country - men here. I inquired where Jerry, the Captain, and Nixon were I Rumbold replied, that they were all three drinking in the great cabin, and that being pretty far gone, he had been able to slip out to seek me. “ Now,’ 1 quoth he, “ I don’t intern! that these rascals shall have my pearls, if 1 can keep them--and what is more, I don’t intend that they shall have them, even although I may not be able 1.0 keep them—they shall go into the sea, which they came out of, tirst.’ 1 said that surely tlio follows would not murder him for his wealth. '• Well, ’ he answered, “ they would not murder if they could ste.al without it —but if they can’t I do not suppose that a throat, or so cut would make much difference.” Upon this I replied, heartily shaking Rumbold’s hand at the same time— “ Vou helped me, at my time of need, among the Spaniards. Perhaps I can help you now -will you entrust tie* pearls to me !" “ My good fellovz, 1 says Rum’bold, with great eagerness, that is precisely the favor I came to ask of you.” And with that ho fumbled in his bosom, and presently drew out a so-rt of flat pouch, made of thin but tough leather, with straps which buckled round the body. Wo both looked eftKoarly to see that we \vt;re not observed, hut not a soul could bo seen stirring upon deck. A lantern, .swinging from the weather fore shrouds, cast a dusky gleam around upon the dripping bulwarks, and the wet and slippery planks -but wo were alone, “ Hush !” says he, softly. “ The pearls are in this pouch—there is a good thousand pounds worth -strap the belt tightly around you, under your clothes, the first time you have an opportunity If you deliver it up to me dafely ut Jamaica, a third of the profits, shall be yours —if anything happens to me I make you my legatee—keep pouch rmd pearls, and make the best of tlicm." Ho had hardly made the transfer when a shadow glid' d darkly between us and the. lantern. We both rushed aft as far ns the fo romast and pried eagerly about ; but not a creature was to be seen. “ Bali !” said Rumbold, “ it* was only the light swinging with the ahip as she rolls.” But my own belief wu». (hat some one had glided aero m (ho deck and mounted the. weather forerigging, I hail not time, however, to commfmbale my thoughts Ut Rumbold when wm head loud voices and sitw a glimmering of lights aft, and immediately Jerry cam* forwards, walking not very steadily, although he had good and clinging to the rigging, when the ship made a wilder lurch than ordinary. “ Farewell—take care !” exclaimed Rumbold. “ I \ oust not beseem boro.” Bo saying, he u lid over to loeavard, and crept aft, under < he black shadows of the sails. Mcanwbil 9, Jerry approac lied, and taking the tauter u from the funjrigging, "rasped my shoulder, and asked me—in a thick voire and with a hioeup---whether oil was well ? I replied in the alhrma- I tiv*•, upon which he steadied himself on the deck as well as he could, and b»-gan to hum over a song to himsei f.v some times stopping to put the same question to me, half a do/eu times over, after the manner of a drunken man, wlmn all at onee, the ship gbing a\iolent lec-lurch, he was pitched bodily against the bul warks, and at tlm same moment a heavy marling spike fell with a . rash from the rigging, faring up whit - splinters in the deck. Had it not been foi that lu< k\ lurch, that sharp and ponderous ir<m would have clef tie mates head. All tbm happened in a moment, but the weapon had hardly struck the deck when .Jerry bounded to his legs, and with a tremendous oath, that tin re was treachery somewhere, called to me to go aloft in the weather-rigging while ho took the lee. The danger he had escaped seemed to have sobered the mate hi onee. 1 sprung into the tightened shrouds, half bewildered at the thing, while Jerry screamed to me, from the opposite rigging, to look sharp and take care of a knife 1 thrust, for he was certain it was that 1 j villainous Portuguese dog who had flung I the morline spike. Up wo both went into the reeking rigging. We climbed over the rail at the foretop at the same moment, and I saw that Jerry held the barrel of a small pistol between his teeth. “ The murthering rogue he cried. Put he has made his last east. Kith, r he or 1 go down on that deck a dead man !” We both looked up to the beef of the top-gal bin 1 , mast. The white canvas was tugging and straining upon the bending yard, and the loose lee-rigging was rattling against th<\- mast and sail. , “ There he is—there’s the thief Jerry roared, and we both sprang into the topmost rigging. Holding on by the top gallant yard, I discerned a black figure, like a shadow, against the light colored canvas. All at one 1 saw its arm iuo\<-, something bright gleamed through the j air, and J erry shouted “ L)e\il . onfound him—he has sent his knife into my shoulder,” and immediately stopped, grasping the shrouds as though he feared to fall. Knowing now that the. Portuguese had no knife, 1 sprang rapidly up the shrouds to grapple with him. Just them a faint watery glimpse of moonlight J fell upon the ship, throwing a great shadow upon the broad sails on the main mast, and I saw above me, crouched upon the yard, the form of Vu.m o his grim face ga/ingat me, and his hands > lenched as though he was determined to sell his life as dearly as he could. The mxt moment we had grappled together neither of us spoke—but the Portuguese attempted to sei/e my throat with his teeth- I . aught him, however, by his hair, and wrem led his head backwards, while I sought to gri j» his right wrist, and so overpower him. Put the creature, al though he had no strength to cope witli me, was as lithe and slippery as an eel, and suddenly tril.ing me a blow between the eye-, which made abundanee of lights I dam-e before them I felt n a moment 1 his cold long lingers twining armim! my throat, and .losing upon in'* mdpipe. In the instinctive struggle for br«-ath, I let go hold of Ins hair, and at the same instant a sudden and tremendous swing through the air, as the ship rolled \iolently below, made me club h tin* ropes j about me, or I should luuo been flung off into the sea, like a stone from a sling. At that moment the grasp upon my throat relaxed and with a lithem-ss and agility, which were like the qualities of a monkey and a snake united in one creature Urn Portuguese slid, as it were, from me, upon the main-royal stay, crawling and worm ing himself along towards the other nia-t. But Jerry, who had by this lime re covered the first faintness from his . ut, kupt his eye steadily upon the rogue, for 1 calling out, that he .vas escaping to the mainmast, the mate replied- “ Ay, ay, I sec him ’’and then steadily taking aim, the explosion of the pistol re-echoed loudlv from sail to sail, and the Portn guese suddenly dropping his legs from the stay, hung to it by his hands only. “ Stand from under,” shouted Jerry, “ and allow the villain to drop ch-ar. He has slabbed mo as he did Shambling Ned.” Vasco uttered no wound, but he rained hiw legw again, Becking by a mighty cUbrl to recover his position upon the rope. Hiw foot had, indeed, touched it, when the muscles relaxed again, and he hung aw before by his hands, swinging dreadfully with the motion of the ship. All this time Jerry was clutching the fore rigging, not having moved wince the knife of the Portuguese struck him. The watch upon deck having been aroused by Jcrrys cries, and the report of the pistol, were running to and fro with lanterns, and flfvmo of thorn wore ascending the riggiii" towards uh, when Jerry mired out again . s'inj,—stop, c\cry mother's son of you, w here you Are (ill the b How fulls, and then stand-by to pit. h htoi o\« r hoard. The Portuguese heard this, for he turned round his head to Jerry, and I saw his white toi'tli, as tho wretch grinned in bin agony, j'ho mate answered this look with a loud la ugb. (to he costintkd.) 