WILD OATS. A light struck, like a' knife, through the gloom. Then there was darkness again. A maflled cry. Then silence. In a moment the man removed his hand from the woman's mouth. " Don't scream. I have no intention of hurting you. I am not here to steal; I am hiding. If you make a sound, if you alarm the house, I am a loet man." Suddenly the moon, issuing from under a cloud, threw a pale beam over the place where they stood. The woman-ehe was only a pale, slight girl-could not see the intruder's face distinctly-a face haggard, determined, desperate. What intuition had made him epeak as he had ? At the eupreme crises of life there sometimes come these illumination%. He was an unknown man, fleeing for safety or for life end making his way by main force in the dead of night into the outskirts of a strange house. Yet all the girl said, after looking at him a moment, was : 'How did yonget here?" " I vaulted over the outer wall. I repeat that if you make a sound 1 am a lest man." He made no other appeal to her ; yet she continued motionless, not calling, only trembling a little from excitement. "You can't hide here," she then said. "You will be found: you can go out of the honse door if that will help you." He did not answer and she turned mechanically to lead the way. The bar of moonlight accompanied them, piercing the interior of the dark, wide rooms. She moved noiseelessly, a white, shadowy figure, and the man followed. She might be-she probably was-helping a felon to escape. The thought went through her brain. But she soundlessly drew aside the fastening of the heavy door; the silver- tinted sea lay without, heaving, with long breaks, in sleep. "There is the road to the open country," she said. It stretched away like a white ribbon, in. definitely, into the night. Again he answered nothirg. Only, as he passed through the door, he turned and locked at her. For days this tropic sea had been of a dense, deep, unchanging cobalt blue. Winds were light; the sky arched above like a dome of nuclouded sapphire. To Resalya the past and the future appeared alike to have become merged in a distant, soft, silver haze. But then this was natural; for Rsealys was to be married shortly after the vessel reached port. After spending two years in the Australian wilds she was return. ing home. And the man to whom she was to give herself was returning with her. "It will seem strange to you-the life of civilisation--nfter the other sort of life you led so long. and the freedom of it," she woold say to him as they slowly paced the deck together under the luminous Southern stars that seemed to hang above them like golden lamps But Storrman never made any direct reply. He talked little at any timeo e his past; he acknowledged that he had been rather wild when he first took to the Aus tralian bush. Perhaps that. she thought, was the reason for his reticence. In general he did not say much about himself. But his bold eyes looked down upon her tenderly and he pressed her slender arm with a lover's passion. In truth, she had never seemed as lovely to him as in these days with the ocean winds in her pale gold hair and the infinite blue of sky and eta reflected in deeper shades under the long fringe of her dark lashes. And he said to bimself that he loved:her, loved her extremely. She was charming and he sawno reason to regret that he had become engaged to her. She was rather poor, to be sure. But then he himself had enough for both. Let him only get fIll in the stream of civilised life again a man'a.identity was never so lost as in a crowd-and with money knd -~pretty anf l winsome wife, what could he more desire? All these resuits appeared imminent now. He was conscious, as every day took them farther from one shore and nearer to another, that the sense of approaching a final goal brought a restless impatience with it. By Heavenl I t was a lucky day for a man, the day in which he felt that be had birned his ships behind him I Burntd them so crisply to the last cinder that not the most spectral ghost could rise up from their ashes. Storrman did not exp2et to be troubled with spcotres. And yet be saw onre. It was late one afternoon on deck ; a hot and heavy stillners had fallen over the sea. The evening sky had an almost ominious snlendor and depth of blueness. The sunset had flamed itself away, leaving one crimson banner of cloud stretching upward like a pointing finger. - Storrman was alone; he had wandered forward negligently among the Eecond cabin passengers. And there, looking down, he came upon a partly recum bent figure turned motionless toward the sea. The man had drawn the cap low down over his eyes. What a resemblance The next instant he had glanced up; this was no simple resemblance. They looked at each other and neither moved for the space of a moment. Storrman was the first to un. lock his dry lips. "You are hero? How-" his voice ap peared to strangle in his throat. The other had not changed color by a shade. "You are eurprised to' see me," he said slowly. "Well, I suppose it is natural that you should be; it is exactly five years since we parted. The five years have made a difference too." His dark eyes travelled leisurely over Storrman's appearance-an appearance faultless and immaculate, the appearance of the successful man of the world. Then with a cynical something that was like a smile they dropped to himself-shabby, seedy, a second-class paEseenger, nolthing more. Storman watched him with a blanching face. "Do you intend to talk? To tell what youn know? How have youn been on board all this time without my seeing you 1" "I was pretty well knocked up when we left port; low fever, or something of that sort. I had to take my bunk and etsay there. As to talking-as to telling the truth-what do youn think? It strikes me that this might bea good moment." He spoke impassively, not removing his eyes from those of the man standing before him. " Good heaven,Hcrrat, havo somepity I I am engcged to be married. Thie girl is here -on bcard-at this instant-" "Ah I it woold be even a better moment than I thought, then, would it not? Your gains have made you rich, your identity has beten succESsully sunk cut of sight; you are about to win a presumably gooi girl for your wife. Ye, I think thoomEn~D would bhowell chosen for bringing you to book. As to pity, did you show me any l What am I to be moved to compassion for l Because you let me rot in a prison five years? I ought to dcepise you too much to get vEn geasneo out of you: hut I don't. I hara waited for this heur fer firs years: I have dreamed of it. planned lor it. When I got out to the light of day again I tracked you, found you, followed you on board this ship. It wasn't esny work findieg you cither. The highly respectable lI:ger Storrmon of to-day has obliterated every trace of his identity with the John Il;gcreon of five years agoe, who was a forger, a thief and a felon-" "l ush-for Goda's sake, hush!" "Al lus: lor;st went or, unprturbhed, "fate has put you tunder my hand, Do you think I shall let you slip? 1 The last word died abruptly upon his liFps. A woman's slight figure wao moving slowly along the deck, the last glow of the sunset was behind her. Her eyco fixed on Sterr man and a ball emile parted her lips. Thi man leaning back against the roll fcl cor dage at his feet she did not notice at all. lie was, to her casual glsoance, a shabby, second-cabin passenger with whom Storre man had been kindly eno0gh to enter into cursory talk. " I have boen waiting for ycu," she said, with a deepening of the adorable smile on her lips, 8ie slipped her arm through Storrmann' and they moved away together, And the man left behind-watehed the two re. treating forms motionlIeEly, breathlessly. This was the girl whom ~torrman was about it marry! Thr l? iflame of red had faded out of the sky and the stars were coming faintly out The still heat had grown more still and a denee bank of cloud was forming slowly against the horizon The captain passed, his cap low over his eyes, a brcoding frown in the latter. A sailorwatched the horizon. And still Horst did not move. He had gone back five, ten years, in his life There had been wild moments cl early youth that had brought regret, erd then a bitter reaping of euch wild oats in further and perilous recelessneee. Hew had Steer. man and he first fallen in together? It had been shortly after his own coming to Aue. tralils, Storrman, sprung from nothing, vicious to the core, with naught but his ani mal good looks and his unbounded audacity to serve him, had aroused the younger man, and, while IIorst was half contemptuous of him, perhaps had influenced him as well. The one was utterly unscrupulous; the other, with all his reeklrEEnErP, a man of honor. And Storrman, conscious of the dif. ference, of the indistinct, the irritating superiority, had hated his boon companion. Horst had known it and had not cared. "He would serve me any ecurvy trick," he said to himself coolly. And a time came when his foresight was vindicated. By a arrange combination of circumatances, Storrman, who had forged, found himself one day in a position to cover himself by falsely accusing and involving Horset. He did both. fle vanished, leaving no trace behind him. Horst, the law at his heel', made a desperate flight by night. To a pale, frail young girl, white in the light of a summer moonbeam, he had owed a temporary escape. But be. fore many days he had been tracked, cap. tured and imprisoned-Evidence not being complete against him-for five years only. Now the five years were over. And in one day he had seen the man and the woman with whom his every thought in those five years had been associated-the man whom he hated and on whom he had sworn to avenge himself, and the woman whom he loved, for by one of the strange mysteries of human passion, iorest, reckless, careless, cynical, had come to love this girl, seen but once, radiant as an angel of mercy and of whose name even he was ignorant. And she it was whom his enemy was to marry I A sudden gust of wind tore his cap from his eyes. There was a rushing sound in his ears. Ie staggered to his feet. The sea had turned over all its expanse a dense, oily green, deepening in the trough of the waves to a gray blackness. What awful change had come over that smiling nature -that infinite blue that had subsisted for so many days? The force of the hurricane, of the fieroe, tropic storm, burst over the ship a few seconds later. It had grown swiftly, densely dark. The orders of the captain rang faintly through the roar and hiss of wind and wave. Then, after a time-was it minutes or hours -there came another change. The fury of the storm had spent itself. But the vessel had sprung a leak and was sinking. A wild rush for the boats, cries of women, oaths of men. And then-who shall sayby what supreme instinct-Horst found him self struggling through the frantic press of dying souls near to the side of Rosealy and his armabout her A flash of lightning il lumined her still, white face, strangely com posed and quiet, and Storrman's distorted with terror, elbowing women out of his way like a beast, looking only for the boats for his own safety, forgetful of all else. Already Horst had litced RPosalys in his arms. "Stand back," he cried fiercely. And the last boat was launched, and RBsalys had a place of eafetyin it. There was another forward lurch, and then it was seen that the women had all been transferred to the boats. , And now there was room for only one more-s man. They stood side by side-Horst and Storr mann. Which should it be ? . It wasthe- work of -a second -- Should -he take his revenge.now It lay in his grasp. With one bound he could leave Storrman behind him- to face death Who shall tell the temptations of that infinitesimal fraction of time? Then something that had survived through the wreak of much that had been noblest in the man asserted itself. IH stepped back. Storrman was saved..- - At the gate of a small cottlgo in a quiet town, a girl, dressed simply in black, waited toward the close of the day. It was Rosalys, and she was changed. Something of the luminous young softness had gone out of her eyes; in them was a graver depth. She was a little older, a little more serious. One dread experience may add years to the life. Rosalya waited for a step to approach through the dusk, and finally it came.. It was that of a man, and Rsaalys flushed and grew pale; then a stillness fell over her. He was standing before her now; he had come for his answer; but he did not ask for it, he did not plead. Hie eyes were downcast. He was like a culprit before a judge, - Suddenly she extended her hand. He raised his eyes and saw hers, through the gloaming, diffused with tender tears of love. "It you have only pity for me," he bb gen. "Pily I No I Or pity and somethingelse -yes. Whenyou abdicated your own chance of life for a man who had done you sach harm; when you ,corquered your desire for revenge and yourEelf, you did that which more than atoned for the follies and sine of a reckless youth. And now you have told me that you love me. You know that I mourned that man-Roger Storrman. But I knew nothing of his past. Now I do know-" - She pansed and Horst looked at her. For it was Hors,. How Storrman -had been lost that night of the wreck a year before and Horst saved was one of the mysteries of that awful hour. Horst only remcmbered that when he had stepped back to give Storrman his chance of life, there had suddenly been a rush of waters in his ears, followed by a gorging blackness around him. MIadly he had thrown a clutch out at something, and then ha found himedfclinging to the side of the boat. - Everything between that moment and the hour when the boats werotaken up by a sail ing vessel the next day was a blank, out of ,which there started distinctly one remcm brance only-the sight of Rosalys's white face, still quiet, still composed. He had come back to civilisation to find himself the heir to a small fortune left him by a distant relative, to whom his wild career in Ars tralia had been onknown. And he had come back to more-to a desiro for a respectable life, emphasiced a thousaondfold by the love which had now grown into a holy pas sion. At thin instant a great and wondrous hope of love relurned arose in his heart. Trem blingho put it from him. "Blut think what my !ifeo has been? Think--" "I think only that I love yenou," was the simple answer. Then she smiled sadly, divinely. "No more wild oats I" she said, . 