stage, song and show. THROUGH THE WEEK. Cosmopolitan Conviviality. Blighted Business— The Coming Sea son—Of Pudding and Pantomime . —Concert and Circus. "The Corsair," in all the gilded magni ficence and limelit leggy lovelinesB of its surroundings, finished up a brief run at the Royal last night beforo an audience which was numerically satisfactory, the howling weather and other adverse conditions con sidered. To-night a revival of Rice's " Evangeline " will be commenced by much tho same cast as that which boosted the piece through several prosperous weeks at the Criterion recently. Being of very much better material than her predecessor, " Vangy" ought to profitably fill in the gap between this and Boxing Night. Let us at least hope so. MM. Kowalski and Poussard, two ex cellent artists, and jolly good fellows iuto tho bargain, wore on Thursday evening last entertained at dinner by the " Cosmopoli tans " of VVynyard-square, of whom ono Doctor Alfred Burno is the president. Those who had tho very good for tune to bo present will remember tho occasion as long as memory lasts as roue of the very best of a lifetime. There must have been fully 50 right-hearted, jovial spirits when tho call to dinner was made. In the chair sat tho president, all smiles and -welcome ; on his right Kowalski beamed upon the assemblage, and hard by his left sat Poussard, with Dcslouis and other illusthrious desciudints of Charley Mang gathered close around. And, great shado of Epicurus, what a feast 1 Why, a fastiug man would fatten upon a photograph of it, and as for tho olief, they say that when tho last dish left his hands his mental faculties succumbed and ho fainted dead away in an adjacent tureen of clear turtle soup. But if tho feast was princely, what of tho rich fare of music that followed? Happily the dreaded toast-list was brief, very brief, eud "the doc.," cutting short a speech of neatly-turned compliments, called upon Kowalski to open the bill. This our good friend promptly did, shirt-sleeved and beaming with a radiance of 40,000-caudle power playing about his genial face. When he had assaulted the closing buss chords his hearers went frantic with enthusiasm, and in the midst of it all Poussard was called upon. Anil you should liuvc seen him as, hugging his fiddle fondly, he advanced in close order towards the stage. As he played the open ing notes his features expanded iuto a smile so vast, so illimitable that the pianist had to dodge tho corners of it. Ho played de lightfully, and then M. Dealouis, despite the thirteen courses that weighed upon his system, sang " Les Ratneaux " as he had never sung it before. Towards the highly- respectable hour of 11 someone suggested that the night Bhould not close without " Auld lang syne," so Kowalski, whose real nainc, it may not be known, is Duncan M'Donald, and who was born in Aberdeen, volunteered to play it. The nationalities were mixed, and so was the chorus, not to mention the drinks.' It sounded something like this : — Should dot auld akivaintanco pe forgot, Et Jamais brought to ze mind. Vo derinlc une tasse do piaiser Pour les jours do vieux lang syne. And then, after a hand-shuke all round and a cheer for the president, we sought the ooolor air without. There have been unpleasant rumors afloat this week of ghosts that have not walked until after contract time at more than one house. Whether there is any truth in that, or otherwise, certain it is that not for a very long time has Buch a snap of stagnation struck the theatrical market as that which is at present temporarily paralysing tho Bhow business. Someone is dropping it. " The Little Widow " having only par tially succeeded at night will go into mourn ing forthwith, and the littlo street arab, wich is name is " Jo," will ho chivvied from his resting place, and trotted out into theglaro for another inspection. Poor Joseph, How many times has be been rosurrectcd, wo wonder, sinco his earliest days ? No matter how many, he's as welcome to-day as lie wus then, and if a big houso doesn't very cor dially substantiate tho assertion at the Garrick to-night we shall be dead out in our reckoning. Miss Leo will bo supported by tho company nt present playing, with Miss Adelaide Cushmun added. There appoars to ho a groat deal of un certainty, not to mention unensiness, as to what can be procured to follow the present Beason at tho Garrick Theatre, and at tho presont time we are given to understand that nothing definite Iiub been fixed. Well, | here's a recipe for a Christmas pudding that will he as toothsome to the playgoers of Syd- | ncy as anything that lias been served up for | many and many a night. First catch your | Royce, add to him equal parts of Jennie Lee and Charley Brown, with the rest of tho ingredients as they may, come to hand. Stir carefully, and rehearse hard for about three weeks. Then you will have an excellent " Jack Sheppard" pudding, which, with a little " Ri tooral" sauce, will go down with tremendous relish,- and will last for moro weeks than there are letters iu tho Christian name of its title, Other burlesques might be arranged for, and if tho pieces were kept well up to dale tho speculation would surely prove well worth the trial. There was a naughty actor man Who one time used to sing, " Thoy're after mo, they're after me," And muoli applause couid bring. But Sydney " books" have altered now The "tenner" of that strain, And sadly sing " O kindly bring Us back our stuff again." . Of all tlio comedies of tho broad or farcical order which Messrs, Brough and Boucicault have from time to timo sorved up at tho Criterion Theatre, none, we may vantu.ro to say, has been moro cordially received or moro popular than Hawtrey's screamer, " The Pickpockot." Mr. Bouci- cault's inimitablo impersonation as Andrew, tho waiter, and his oft recurring but always irresistible "Soop, sah?" is remembered oqually with Mr. Titlicradgo's Osmond Hewitt, to whom everything is "ripping." Tiiat again is a most oxcellout performance, and as for poor old Gregory Grumbledou, who always "wants to sit down" at inopportune moments, ho at least will always live in tho memorios of playgoers sb one of the very funniest char acters ever Bprung upon a house. To-night Mr. Lawrence will succeed Mr. H. R. Har- wooil in' the part, whilst in many other cases the cast will bo similar to that employed upon the last occasion. If a delightfully funny comedy admirably presonted can command success tho Critoriou should prove all too small for its patrons for tho next week. Only six performances of "Tho Pick- pocket" can be given, owing to engage ments elsewhere. Early next month tho entire strength of Messrs. B. and B.'s forces will muster in Meibourno to prepare for tho great Chriamas revival of " Much Ado," over which a tremendous splash is to bo made. We shan't see them here again per haps for months. A season of juvenilo comic opera will he commcncod at . tho Criterion on Saturday night week, which by tho office whisky- advertisement calendar iB December 5. The youngsters, who. come with a fine record of past successes, have an extensive, reper toire, and a long and prosperous season is expected. One amusing feature of tho sovorely high and dry concert that was served up in tho vestibule of tho Town Hall on Wednesday evening was supplied by a lady evidently moro sleepy than appreciative. She dozed and dozed, and dozed all through the Btring quartcttos and piano and violin solos, aud when M. Deslouis lifted up his voice in dramatic fervor she opened her eyes and scowled at him. Then she hid hor features with a 12 x 8 fan and dropped off again, nearly breaking her swun-like neck ovor tho back of the seat. Finally, when tho last notes of Brahm's quintette had sounded, the applause woke hor, and, clapping her hands with frantio energy, she uublushingly turned to her escort and said, "What a perfectly lovely concert, especially that last piece of Sullivan's on tho organ." There wore a dozen others in the same fix. Patronago of a substantial and comforting kind has been extended to tho admirable performance of "Youth" which Mr. Rig- nold's company have been giving during the week at Her Majesty's Theatre. So com plete aud thorough in every possihlo detail is the revival that it may .with every confi dence he expected that the present hill will .hold out with solid resuItB until the season of pudding and pantomime, in connection with which latter Mr. Ayrton is making good and satisfactory headway. " Mac." has a new panacea for all ills. It used' to be a vile compound that he dis guised in vermuth— now it's eleotrio baths. People who have concealed Bomewhere in their systems appreciation for a really tip top circus show and menagerie, and who liavo not yet visited Sells Brothers' great show at Moore Park, should remember that this gigantic concern is dated to finish up in this oity just 15 nights after the opening. At that rate tho present season is ncaring its close, and the very best ndvico we can offer to intending patrons is to procrastinate no longer, hut hustle along with the little ones whilst the great show is still with us. Mr. Editor Stow has ju3t looked in to say that ho considers the "canvas man" of tho outfit entitled to a word of praise in view of tho fact that tho mammoth circus tent with stood bravely every effort of the week's stormy weather. Good old canvas man. On account of the high wind and threaten ing weather tho Messrs. Soils did not deem it prudent to give exhibitions. The show's Sydney seuson will he prolonged until and inclusive of Wednesday, December 9. A large number of fine horses have been purchased here, and are now being broken for hippodroino and other races on a temporary track at tho Agricultural Grounds. By tho time the show leaves here it will he prepared to add a number of fine equestrian acts to its pro gramme. Visitors to Coogee aro reminded that tho talented Misses Albu will make their very last appearance at Mr. Larmonr's charming place of seaside entertainment to-morrow. Tho programme selected is in every respect un admirable one, and with such first-class talent the concert is certain to he an enjoy able ono. Mr. H. M. Stanley, the hero, or whatever you may please to call him, of African fame, will, it should he remembered,' com mence his brief Sydney series at the Cen tenary Hall on Monday night. It will not ho ' overstepping the limits of probability to predict for the far-famed discoverer of Dr. Livingstono a repetition in this city of the tremendous success whioh marked his lectures in Melbourne. " Through the Dark Continent" will bo the title of hia first lecluro. Tho syndicate of gentlemen who are interested in the old prison hulk " Success " have every reason to bo satisfied with the week's biz. Visitors have been numerous and appreciative. A series of Sunday afternoon concerts, .to which the public are going to ho admitted without that rather inconvenient formality of paying, is to bo inaugurated at Chowder Bay to-morrow. The in strumental portion of the programme wo notice, is going to bo under the con- ductorship of Mr. George Vassie, and this is a guarantoo for a high standard of ex cellence in the orchestra at least. For the initial concert a capital hill has been drawn up, and if to-morrow's weather is anything decent the attendance of the public ought to be a fair bumper. A very pleasing concert was given in the Centennial Hall, Walker-street, North Sydney, on Wednesday eveniug, November 25, by the pupils of the East St. Leonards superior public infant school. Nineteen items on the programme were given in a very bright effective manner. Tho singing of the wee ouob in "Under tho willow," "See saw," and " Tho Bogie man," in two parts, were well applauded. A recitation, "Papa's letter," by Miss Fannie IsaacB, aged 8 years, was encored, when she re cited "Dear doctor," a short and very merry littlo hit. The chairman, Mr. J. F. Cullen, M.L.A., on behalf of Miss Cardwell, tho head mistress, and her senior girl pupils presented Mr. Jacobs, the assistant master, with a smoking cap, as also all the mombors of tho school board, Mrs. M'Burney, the lady member, receiving a handsome sofa cushion. The caps, &e.;, wero specimens of the girls' own needle work. Mr. Cullen spoko in high terms of Mrs. M'Bnrney, ns also of the hend mistress, Miss Cardwoil, and asked the audience to show tlioir appreciation of her efforts by npplauso. Tho tcaohers of this school working in conjunct-ion with Miss Cardwell have been indefatigable in working after school hours for the purpose of holding an exhibition of all school work on Decem ber 9, when it is hoped Sir Henry Parkes will open it and present prizes to successful competitors. A public address will be delivered on tho four Sundays in Advent at 7 p.m. in tho Carrington Hall, 236 . Castlorqagh-street, by Mr. W. Wells, an evangelist serving under Apostles. On Sunday, night Mr. J. D. Fitzgorald, M.L.A., will lecture under tho auspices of the Australian Socialist League on " Henry George and his Works" in Leigh Houso, Castlcreagh-streot. 