NOTESS AND THOUGHTS ON A JOURNEY. [BY Karl Van Damme.] No. X. _ lii the remarks I made in last week's letter on the subject of schools in the United States I omitted, a point which might be worth noticing, viz., that children of rich parents are not expected to compete for such prizes as exhibitions, bursaries and scholarships. I once saw a printed rule to that effect, and was informed the principle was thoroughly understood all over the country, even where no specific notice was given, as the boards would exercise vigilance and a wise discretion in all such cases. In Chicago I found some of the finest hotels, and the shabbiest railway station I have ever came across. The latter was a huge rats' castle, possibly a relic of the fire, and I was really frightened lest it should tumble to pieces before I got out of it; it looked so ruinous and uncanny that it made clerks and porters seem like a lot of condemned ghosts. Indeed there, are in this marvellous city several spots which have to be improved be- fore the world's fair begins. As for hotels, I have not found it absolutely necessary for my happiness that in travelling I should put up at the dearest, and I have sometimes been more comfortable in a homely house than in a palace, but that may be owing to a low taste on my part. Anyway, the hotel where I stayed in Chicago was both splendid, com- fortable, and expensive, a palatial building, the ground floor of which was all paved with black and white marble. An immense and lofty central hall, called the Rotunda, seemed to be built of gold and other equally precious materials, although, of course. it will be readily understood that when I use the word gold in this connection I mean gilded or looking like gold, and, similarly silver will stand for silvered. In this vast hall tall golden pillars, with fluted columns and spreading capitals of ferns and palms, sup- ported the heavy and richly wrought golden beams of the ceiling, in the panels between which skies were painted, in celestial blue, where little angels floated on seraphic wings, holding roses in their tiny hands. The walls were gold, elaborately worked, except in a few places where silver slabs designed in bas-relief were boldly let in to set off the auriferous splendor. Golden chandeliers, with myriads of electric sparks confined in flower-shaped cups of various hues, such as gold, pink, white, green, blue, and all sorts of colors, illuminated at night the gorgeous scene, and as I sat me down in one of the many large golden armchairs, whose red velvet cushions looked so inviting to a weary traveller, I reflected with becom- ing humility that each one of the chandeliers was worth more money than all my house and home in Bendigo. And yet, if an ex change were made, what could I do with a golden chandelier ? could not live in it, could I? In one part of the room a number of clerks, both male and female, were busy at desks fenced in by golden rails, others were always answering inquiries over a marble counter, and liveried porters were moving about among the throng of guests. The room looked like a big exchange, where everybody seemed at liberty to walk or sit, and it opened by archways into other halls; although I must say that what I took to be archways did sometimes turn out to be only monster mirrors. Still there were many real arch- ways, and through them further on you might reach various departments — such as restau- rant, bar, billiard- room, commercial room, boot cleaning room, lavatories, .etc., and even the meanest offices had marble floors, bevelled mirrors; mahogany cabinets and all sorts of refinements. But, in my opinion, the pride of the house was the dining hall on the first floor, a grand pillared apartment, in gold and white, con- taining seats and tables for about three hun dred guests, and capable of accommodating two or three times that number if required. All was bright, light and rich; the young niggers so clean, so starched, so polite, so smart, and so exquisite. You gain the dining hall either by lift or by a wide flight of marble steps; your feet sinking to the ankle in the carpets which line the passages, and these passages themselves are, in fact, large halls, in places over thirty feet wide, and full of luxurious seats, fire places, costly pic- tures and wonderful ornaments. I think the meals were the best I ever had in my life. But I must state that I have both heard and read of people who have found great fault with the hotel I have here endeavored to describe ; they must be more difficult to please than I am. I did not go in for a suite of rooms, as many travellers do in this house, regardless of expense; I just had a bedroom but it was large and good, had arm- chairs, writing table, drawers and wardrobe, electric light of course, and water laid on; both hot and cold. If you are not satisfied with this amount of accommodation, you can have plenty more by paying more. The son of the President, Mr. Russell Harrison, was there at the same time as I, and was inter- viewed, which I was not, thank goodness. He generally goes by the nickname of Prince Russell, and is a freespoken gentlemanly fellow, rather popular, I was told. I happened to meet in Chicago several old army pensioners, and they are favored mortals — none of your threepence a day pensioners -—- but men comfortably provided for to the end of their life, and held in honor besides. You see the American Government had more money than they knew what to do with. The enormous debt contracted during the civil war was being reduced by millions of dollars every month, and yet several hundred million dollars got heaped up in the Treasury vaults. So vast an accumulation of bullion caused alarm. Gladly would the Treasurer have re- deemed the balance of the public debt, but the debentures had reached such a premium that it was thought impolitic to take them up except us they come due. In this dilemma various cures were suggested, some advocated the construction of a big navy, others an extensive system of shore defences or both together. In all this nobody said it was only on purpose to get rid of the money. Of course not. But this was fully understood all the same. Only it would have been absurd to expend the money in this way, for America has no enemies, sho interferes with nobody and allows nobody to interfere with her, nor does she want the islands of the ocean as our Australian statesmen do, who are always for extending our boundaries, never mind how greatly they increase our dangers and respon- sibilities by such a foolish policy. We ought to have, said one of our papers, an army in Afghanistan, for there is our danger should the Russians enter that country, and "tell the French Government," wrote one of our Premiers to the British Cabinet, " that if they do not give us the New Hebrides now, we will take them as soon as we are able to." I am perfectly certain that no American or European Government has ever sent an insulting message to France, or would like to try it either; but of course our statesman wrote for the edification of his constituents and to catch votes, hoping all the time that France would not mind what he said, and he was quite right there, for it did not. Well, these expedients to get rid of the money not meeting with favor, somebody started the idea of pensioning the survivors of the war, although these heroes having been able to rub along for a quarter of a century after that event, could not reason- ably be supposed to have got very much hurt by it, as it lasted only three years, but as, after all, the real question was to get rid of the surplus, it appears to me a very excel- lent plan to distribute it amongst a crowd of poor people. Had there been no warriors to pension, possibly old miners or old clerks would have come in for the good things — rich persons are excluded by the terms of the Act. At this moment the United States pay more in pensions to soldiers than the sum which Germany spends on her enormous army, and she can well afford to do so. You may have heard that pensioners never die. Well, that is a mis- take. They do die sometimes; but they always take care to leave young widows be- hind them to draw the pension as duly enacted and provided for. One of these pensioners I met had just come from a lovely retreat down south for survivors from the war, and he was going to a similar retreat up north to spend the summer. Such was his invariable practice, choosing his residence according to the season, and enjoying, be- sides his pension, all sorts of advantages. How different is military glory in other countries! There they stand at the street corners, those forgotten heroes of our glorious wars, with wooden legs and frost-bitten noses, bawling in our ears patriotic songs of liberty, valor, and honor, whilst they are starving for want of bread. At Chicago and several othor towns, both in Europe and America, I visited some large hospitals, but have no intention of preparing any formal report on what I observed, as all those I visited were very far beyond what we can reasonably hope to accomplish here. It must be remembered that the Ben- digo Hospital is a cheap affair, built by inexperienced men at an expense of about £130 per bed, which sum scarcely represents more than £80 in other parts of the world, and when I state that hospitals are generally built at a cost of L250 to even L750 per bed, it will be understood at once that ours must necessarily be very inferior as well as incomplete, and cannot possibly be made otherwise before it is first pulled down and rebuilt. From what I saw I should say the most urgent requirement of the Bendigo Hospital is a copious supply of water and a system of drainage. Female nurses appear to be preferred everywhere, and where training schools are attached the nurses work without wages during probation time, but are often presented with a small gratuity by the committee when they leave to engage in private practice. In some hospitals the beds stand several inches higher from the floor than ours do, so as to be more convenient for doctors and nurses, and I also noticed that most hos- pitals keep their own bakery, a very desir- able arrangement if you can get a good baker. There are some things, however, which may be said in favor of the Bendigo Hospital. It stands in spacious, salubrious grounds, and is tolerably free from that air of pauperism and cold charity which pervades nearly every hospital ward in the world. I have long held the opinion that these elements should entirely eliminated from the Australian hos- pitals, which should be made as free and open as the common schools, sickness alone constituting qualification for admittance; but I am afraid that in this matter I am a little ahead of the times, and will, therefore, say no more for the present.. The hospital which pleased me most was one in Stockholm. It scarcely looked like a hospital at all, and had no smell of medicine about it, all the arrangements having an air of light elegance and comfort. A number of young doctors appeared to be in constant attendance on the patients and ever on the watch, but it must be remembered that there the medical course is ten years ; out of which three must be spent in hospital practice under instruction from a very com- plete and experienced senior staff. Very hard on the young medicals, you may think; but, after all, if they matriculate at fifteen or sixteen, they can be legally qualified practi- tioners at twenty-five or twenty-six, which is quite soon enough, and certainly a better plan than letting them loose on the community before they have nny experience at all. During my stay in Chicago the United States Government renewed a loan running at two per cent interest per annum. It was taken at par. The Treasurer as anxious to pay this loan, but the banks who held it had influence enough to secure a renewal. It is worked in connection with the note issue, and would be worth the while of our Go- vernment to study. But just imagine a Treasurer proposing to pay off a loan; the very last thing in the world an Australian Treasurer would ever dream of. Ours must be renewed and renewed as they fall due, and also increased until we reach a reasonable point of indebtedness, and where that point is I have not the remotest idea. (To be Continued.) 