: louse. ' ' CHAPTER I.— Continued. Fred'erica's heart sfink -within her ; she foreboded but too surely' what .it was her undo wished to say to her. Thev had left the main avenue of tho park, and hud taken a by-path. through the shrubbery which would bring them more quickly to tho house, and had now reached a little secluded nook among the greenery — a' semicircle of softest turf, planted round with evergreens, with here and there a rustic seat, and in the midst a tall terminal figure of Hymen in white marble, placed there by =ome previous owner of Belair, to .make sacred the grove where he hud wooed and won tho lady whom ho afterwards made his wife. The baronet and his niece sat down on a curiously carved bench, shaded by an immense laurel from the rays of tho Western sun. .Sir Philip sat without speaking for a minute or two, tapping his boot absently with his riding-whip —a tall, white-haired, handsome old man, but very frail and delicate-look ing ; with manners tliat were marked by a certain kindly, old- world court liness not often met with nowadays. " You remember, l'reddy, he began at last, " my speaking to you, some time ago, respecting the union which I wished to bring about between my friend Duplessis and yourself ? You have not forgotten what passed at that time ?" " I have not forgotten, uncle." " That is well. I forbore to pres3 the subject because I saw that it was distasteful to you, but none- tha;less lias it dwelt in my mind ever since, and I canuot rest till I have brought it once more before your attention, and — and, in short, done all that lies in my power to induce you to view it in a more favorable light. I am an old man, and my time in this world is short — nay, my dear, it is as I tell you ; I say it calmly and seriously. When spring next crimes round I shall hardly bo among you ; and my medical man, if he chose, could tell you the same thing. You have been as dear to me, Freddy, as any daughter could have been, and I am naturally anxious to see you com fortably settled, and with a home of your own, whiie I am still here to look after your interests. Lady Spence- laugh and you have never agreed over- well together; and when I shall bo gone Gaston will be master of Belair, and the old house will hardly seem like a. home to you. We have no near relatives, and the secluded life which the state of my health has compelled me to lead lias precluded the formation of many intimate friendships. Under these circumstances, the consideration of your future has naturally been a source of some anxiety to mo ; and to see you happily Carried, dear, would lift a great weight from my mind. When your father lay dying ho took me by tho band, and said, ' When I am gone, Phil, you must look after my little girl. I leavo her in your hands. Bring her up religiously, and when she is old enough find her a good man for a- husband; and may heaven deal by you as you deal by her.' I loved you at first because you wero a wee little orphan and ray brother's ohilrl, but soon you grew as dear to me as though you were my own ; and I have striven to carry out poor Arthur's wishes to. the best of my ability." " Dear uncle !" said Frederica with tearful eyes. " Papa himself could not have done more for me than you have done.'' "For the last half-dozen years." re-' sumed Sir Philip, " I have been hoping that of your own accord, and without a word from me, you would pick out some worthy gentleman on whom to bestow your hand and heart — and"of such suitors you have had m'ore than one or two to whom I could have given you with every confidence. But time goes on, and still. Endymion comes not, and to all others Diana'is cold as an icicle." He took her hand fondly, and stroked it gently between his. " Four months ago," he went on, "my friend, Henri Duplessis, came to mo and asked my permission to address you on a subject very near to his heart. The permission he asked for I save him readily, knowing no man to whom "' would sooner entrust the happiness of my darling. He spoke to you, and his suit wa3 rejected ; and in that respect he only met the fate of others who had ventured before him For his sake I departed from tho course I' laid down for inyselt long ago — not to interfere by word or look iri such matters. I hinted to you how happy it lay in your powor to make both him and me, could you see your way clearly to do so. My words dis tressed you, and I told you to consider them as unsaid. But again, to-day, I venture to plead once more the cause of my friend. Do not mistake mo, however ; I am not hero at his request — ho knows nothing of this. He bowed unmurrauringly to your decision, and from that day to this the subject lias never been mentioned between us ; but, unless I misjudge him greatly, he is not a man whoso feelings readily change. Ah, Freddy, if you could but learn to look favorably upon him ! Ho is a gentle man by birth and education — generous, handsome and accomplished ; and al though he is not a rich man, that fact would not, I am sure, influence, your inclinations in the slightest degree. That he is brave, botli you and I have had ample pi-oof, else ho would not have risked his life to save mine as recklessly as ho did that day in tho Pyrenees. When a man readies my age he seldom makes new friendships ; but my heart seemed to warm to Henri Duplessis from the moment my eyes opened on his pleasant face, bont anxiously over me, in that little auborge among tho hills ; had it not been for his bold spirit and strong arm they would never have opened again on earth. Ah, Freddy, Freddy, if you 'could but learn to like him !" . He was still stroking her hand ten derly between his withered palms. Thoro was a faraway look in Frede rica's eyes as she sat, almost as im movable as a statue, gazing out into tho violet sky ; but there was a bitter warfare going on in her heart. " Would it make you so very happy, uncle, if 1' wero to try to ' like ' Mr. Duplessis a little ?" A bright eager light came into tho old man's eyos, and his hands began all at once to tromblo as ho spoke. " Would it make me happy ?" ho said. " It would take away altogether my greatest earthly anxiety ; it would cheer and gladden, far . moro than I can tell you, tho few remaining days that aro left mo in this world, and crown my life with a happiness which I feel would bo far greater than my deserts. Ah, darling, tell mo that you will do this, and an old man's blessing will follow you through life i'» " I will strive to do as you wish, uncle," said Frodericn. He drew lier face close to his, and kissed her fondly, and then turned away his head, for his eyes wero dim, and ho wanted time to recover him self. .. " We' will go - home now, uncle, if you please,"; said; Frederica. There was something in the tone of her voice which grated on his ears, and he peered anxiously into her face as he offered her his arm ; and his heart sank a little, she looked so passionless and cold, with that stony, faraway look in her eyes, as though she had caught a glimpse of the Gorgon's head in passing, and already the blight were falling upon her. " Were I not as certain as a poor human being can be of anything," urged he, hastily, " that this step will ultimately conduce to your happiness I would not persuade you to take it. Some day, dear, itl the years to come, you will look back and say : ' My old uncle did what he thought best for my happiness, and his judgment was not such a bad ono after all' — Henri will make you a true nhd loving husband, ot that i am sure. " Pardon me, uncle," said Frederica, " but you aro putting a far more abso lute construction on my words than I intended them to convey." He laughed a pleased little laugh. "Well, well, perhaps so," he said. " Only give Duplessis an opportunity of pleading his suit in person, and I will willingly leave the rest to time." They were close to the house by this time, and as they turned a corner of the shrubbery whom should they see. approaching slowly on horseback from tho opposite direction but Monsieur Henri Duplessis himself. " By Jove !'' exclaimed Sir Philip. " Why, here cpmes our hero in person. I suppose you won't care, Freddy, - if— Eh, why, what ! where the deuce has the girl got to 1" Frederica, on seeing who was coming, had slipped back out of sight, and. tra versing quickly a narrow ' side-path through the evergreens, came, in a few- minutes, by a private door into Lady Spencelaugh's flower-garden, from whence she quickly made her way un seen to her own room. Having divested herself of her hat and riding-habit, she flung herself wearily on the bed. Both heart and head ached strangely, and she felt just then that it would be well to die, and so end all this miserable coil that-' was gathering found her life, and from which there seemed no other mode of escape. 'Why does the Great Angel always refuse to come to the weary ones who long for his presence ?' she murmured to herself. And then she fell to thinking of the promise she had given her uncle — a dangerous promise Certainly, seeing in whose favor it was mado. And yet, what did it. matter? Ho whom she loved was lost to her for ever, and just then she was indifferent- to everything ' except that one. miser able fact. CHAPTER II. MOTHER. AND SON. On the same afternoon that the events related in the foregoing chapter took place Mrs. Winch, landlady of the Hand and Dagger, the principal inn and posting-house in Normanford, drove up to Belair in her little pony chaise, accompanied by her son Jerry. Ih the old coaching days tho Hand and Dancer had been one of tho best inns in all Monlcshire, noted for its ex cellent accommodation and moderate charges ; but with the advent of rail ways and the extinction of stage coaches its importance had become a tradition of the past ; it had now sunk into a common-place country hotel, the ghost of its former self, with now and then a solitary commercial traveller to shudder at the deso lation of its great bare coffee-room, or with perhaps a rich family or two for a few days in autumr., who had ven tured thus far in search of the pic turesque. For the most part, how- evei, it was abandoned to tho effete conviviality of the Town Club, which assembled in its best parlor twice a week, to discuss the affairs of the nation in general and tlioke of Nor- inanford in particular. Mrs. Winch was a widow of many years' standing. Her husband had been landlord of the Hand and Dagger during its prosperous days, and sho now clung to it in its decadence, all the more tenaciously, perhaps, in that her frionds were constantly advising her to givo it up and take a house of less pretensions and fower expenses; and although these friends wero always assever ating — among themselves — that her expenditure was far in excess of her diminished income, and that another yoar or two must inevi tably make a bankrupt of her, Mrs. Winch still went serenely on hor way, laughing to scorn all such vaticina tions, dressing in silks and satins, and taking her pleasure after heivown ; fashion, as though the Hand and Dagger wero the most prosperous of hotels. Sho was a person,, too, of some consideration up at Bolair, and tho lodge-keeper took care to touch his hat to her as ho opened the gates for her chaise to enter ; as did also the footman who answered her im perative ring at tho side-door — not tho servants' door, if you please, but that convenient entrance generally made use of by tho great people them selves when there was no company at Belaif, and with which Mrs. Jones, the housekeeper, and Mr. Bellamy, tho steward, had also a daily familiarity. " Is my Lady at home, and disen gaged ? " asked Mrs. Winch of tho footman. "At home, and I believe disengaged, ma'am," answered the man in the most respectful of tones, as he held out his wrist to assist hor to alight. "Look after the pony, Jerry; I shall not bo long," said the landlady, to hor son, as she shook the stiff folds of her silk dress into their proper form, before following tho footman into the house. Jerry took the reins loosely, and nodded at his mother without speak ing ; he knew that tho pony was quite competent to take care of itself, and his mind, just then, was intent on something else— on a walttz which he had heard a German band playing in the market-place as he left home, and which he had been' crooning over to himself ever since ; there were a few bars, however, which he couldn't exactly rememoer, ana no sooner nau tneaoor closed behind his mother than he drew from one' of his capacious pockets a long tin whistle, in tho management of which ho was a great adept, and pro ceeded to play softly over the tune which was haunting his brain. After several failings and stumblings over one or two cliflicult passages he suc ceeded in playing it through without a blunder. Then he flourished the whistle wildly round his head, and gave vent to a loud unearthly screech of delight — a sort of " Hoo- hoo-hoo !'" ending with a bark almost like that of a dog, and which, without further indication, would at once have told a stranger that poor J orry's wits were not where they ought to bo. Jerry Winch was one of the institu tions of Norinanford, and known to all its inhabitants, both young "and old. He was a tall, handsome lad of 18, with long flaxen hair, and a clear sunburnt ' com plexion, - dressed in a suit of borne, spun gray, with a tall sugnrloaf hat of gray felt, battered and weather- stained, the shape of which added not a little to the strangeness of his ap pearance. His eyes were deep blue, but from their depths there looked out at you a flickering, impish will-o'-the- wisp — sometimes nothing but tho imp of fun and laughter, but in his darker moods one that was ready to do any devil's trick that- might come first to hand ; while irresolution and want of purpose were just as plainly indicated by his sensitive loosely-hung mouth, and his pointed chin, in which lurked a dimple that many a beauty might have. been proud to sell her own. As a rule, Jerry was looked down upon by the people <?f Normanford as a harmless, good-natured fool, ready to. do an errand for anybody, . but. lacking the sense necessary for any bub commissions of the simplest kind— a simpleton, who,, if his mother had not been able to maintain him,. must have; been thrown upon the parish as one incapable of earning a living for him self. 'But there were not wanting, a few people in Normanford who prided, themselves on' .their penetration, and" who were ready to aver that all Jerry's vagaries were not of such a harmless nature as his friends would have people . believe ; : that the imp by which he was possessed was a malig nant one, quite capable of bearing a grudge, and of revenging it, too, in its own stealthy devilish fashion. These detractors would whisper mysteriously among themselves, and ask one another who it was that set fire to Farmer Gubbins' ricks, six months after that individual had laid his riding- whip lightly across Jerry's shoulders, as a warning against turnip-stealing, a weakness to which Mrs. Winch's son was much addicted. Who was it, too, these same folks would like to know, that flung the poisoned meat; into. Squire Wakefield's kennel, and so caused the death of a dozen hounds, a few weeks after Jerry lmd . been bitten in the hand by that gentle man's mastiff, which took that way of showing its objection to being poked in the ribs with a walking-stick ? Who, again, was it, they asked, that coming suddenly behind poor Widow Brown one dark night, pushed her off the high bank into the river, where, but for the merest accident, she would have been drowned, several months after she had threatened Jerry with the penalties of the law for torturing her favorite black cat? These would hava been serious questions, had there been any shadow of proof that Jerry was the party in fault ; but there being nothing toimplicate him in the slightest degree, and his friends being in the proportion of 50 to 1 against his detractors, those ugly whispers gradu ally died out, and his popularity re mained as well established as before. Jerry's tootlings had scarcely come to an end, when the door was opened and Mrs. Jones, tho housekeeper, ; stepped out, carrying something under cover of her apron. " Well, Jerry, my man, and how are you to- day ?" said tho stately old dame. Mrs. Winch and she had been bitter enemies for years, but for tho half-witted Jerry tho housekeeper had always a kindly word. "His health is quite salabrious, ma'am, with many obligations to you," answered Jerry, with a tug at the brim of his napless hat. He always spoke of himself in the third person, and de lighted, when addressing those he deemed his superiors in life, to make uso of tho longest words his memory could supply him with — though, as his mother used to say, whero ho con trived to pick them up was a mystery to everyone. " You could eat a nice cake, couldn't you, Jerry?" said Mrs. Jones. Jerry burst into his wild, unearthly laugh, but checked himself midway, and becoming grave in an instant, touched his hat deprecatingly, and gazed with eager, hungry eyes at tho housekeeper's concealed treasure. " What do you think of that, now ? Isn't it a beauty?" and Mrs. Jones liung back her apron, displaying as she did so a round cake tho size of a dessert plate, thickly sprinkled with currants. Jerry's mouth literally began to water as he gazed, and his eyes went up to the housekeeper's with a wistful, pathetic expression, which the old lady had no heart to resist. " Hero, lad, take it,' said the kindly old woman ; " and if you eat it all it will do you no harm. Only I hope to goodness, Jerry, that you have got none of them nasty snakes about you to- day. Ugh ! " and the housekeeper shuddered, and drew back a step or two. J erry paused in his mastication of tho first mouthful. " He left all his pets at home to-day, that's what he did." " I'm glad of it ; and. if I were you, my boy, I'chop their heads off. Bless mo, what an appetite the lad has ! " and with a hearty good-morning, the housekeeper went back indoors, and left J erry to the quifit : discussion of his cake, who no sooner found himself alone than he gave utterance to a poiidIa nf wil/l " ttna.liaft.liaft" InimUo and then returned, as grave as a judge, to the business in hand, and so went quietly on till the cake was eaten to the last crumb. J erry's next proceeding was to par tially unbutton his capacious waist- coast, and inserting his hand into some folds of flannel that could be seen below, to draw therefrom, one after the other, a couple of large vipers, which he proceeded to fondle and play with, as though they were the most charming and innocent pets in the world. "Chop off your heads, my beautiful ones, did tho old cat say ?" murmured Jerry, while the reptiles twisted themselves about his neck and arms, and seemed to recipro cate his caresses. 'Jerry would sooner chop her head off, any day. Dear to Jerry's heart art thou, O beautiful Mogaddo I and not less thou, O lovely Pipanta ! Your master loves you both. And to-riight ye shall haunt that old hag's dreams. She shall see you twining about hor toes, and feel you biting the soles of her feet, arid she shall have no power to stir. Jerry wills it so ! But nothing worse shall happen to her this time, because she gave Jerry a cake — a beautiful cake ! and some day she may, perhaps, give him another. Hoo- hoo-eh 1" Then J erry, placing the vipers on the seat before him, took out his tin whistle, and began to play a sweet, quaint old 'air iri a minor key; and presently the reptiles . lifted up their heads, and gradually began to sway their bodies to and fro, as though in unison with the tune. " What a nice, fat, overlapping neck the old, ; ,hag has 1" muttered Jerry, pausing after a time' for lack of breath. " Jerry's fingers, itched to gripe. It would be nice on a dark night to seize it sudderily from behind, and hear it gurgle, and gasp, and choke— a neclc, my beautiful Mogaddo, for which thou would'st make a charming necklace! And "now dance, dance little ones while, the sun is- warm and your master's heart is glad ?" . Mrs. Winch, passing through several rooms and corridors, with all of which she was well ' acquainted, came at last to that' wing of ; the great house of Belair, in which Lady Spencelaugh's private apartments were situated. "Mrs. Winch to see my lady," lisped Mr. Plush,' in dulcet accents, ushering the landlady into an ante room,- the sole inrriate of which was Lady Spencelaugh's new. maid, seated at hor embroidery, who rose and frowned unmistakably at the in truder. " My. lady is engaged, and cannot be seen," exclaimed Mademoiselle Glotilde; with a strong French accent 4-" And you, sir ." — to the footman — " never bring visitors here again with out first receiving permission to do so." , " You- say' that my lady , is en gaged. : Has she company with 'her, or1 is she alone?" said the widow,' still advancing towards the inner door; " That concerns you not; at all. I. tell you my lady is engaged, and will not soe any ono," cried mademoiselle, planting herself full before the sacred door. " Tush 1 girl ; I know what that means," exclaimed the undaunted widow. " She is taking her afternoon nap, and doesn't like. being disturbed. But sho will always see Martha Winch, let her come when and how she may ; so stand aside, and try to remember me when you see mo next " ; and before Mademoiselle Clotilde knew what had happened, she found herself swung a couple of yards away, while Mrs. Winch passed quickly forward into tho inner room, and shut the door in her face. " Remember you, madamo !'' mut tered the French girl between her teeth, as sho twisted hor fingers viciously in her black hair. " Yes, I shall not forgot you to-day, nor to morrow, nor next year. What secret is there, I wonder, between my lady and you, that you have permission to soe her at any hour? That is just what it must be thy business to dis cover, ma mignonno I " Tho demeanor of Mrs. Winch undorwent an entire change the moment she found herself in tho presence of Lady Spencelaugh, who, roused unceremoniously from hor after- ,noon slumber, started up in amaze ment, and glared at the intruder. Mrs. Winch stood with hor back to the door witli a deprecatory air, and waited in submissive silence for my lady to address her. " Is that you, Martha Winoh ?" said Lady Spencelaugh sharply. " I think you might have chosen a moro appropriate time for your visit ; you know how greatly I dislike being disturbed at this hour of tho day. " I should not have presumed to come at this time, my lady, had I not received some important news which I felt bound to communicate to you without the slightest delay." " I don't care? you might havo let me enjoy my afternoon nap in peace ; it was unkind of you to disturb me." "Important news from America,'' urged the widow in a subdued voice. Ladv Spencelaugh flushed slightly at these words, and her eyes had an anxious expression in them as they sought those of Mrs. Winch. " Well, don't stand there, Martha," she said more kindly than before, "but come and sit down by me on the otto man, and let us talk over this news of yours." Mrs. Winch advanced into the room, and having pressed Lady Spence laugh's proffered hand with respectful devotion to her lips seated herself as requested, and, opening her reticule, produced therefrom a newspaper and a letter. Lady Spencelaugh had been ac counted a beauty in her time, and at 50 years of age was still very nice- looking, with a white unwrinkled skin, and a clear, bright color in her cheeks, without the slightest suspicion of rouge. Her eyes were' large, dark, and vivacious, but somewhat frosty in expression; and she had the good sense to wear her «wn grey hair with out disguise, or further adornment than those exquisite little caps tossed together for her by the deft fingers of little lamo Miss Garraway. Lady Spencelaugh, in her younger days, had tasted the bitterness of genteel poverty, when, as Peggy Grant, the daughter of a poor York shire squire, she had mended her father's hose, and made the pies and custards, and had a sharp eye after the domestic expenditure. That, of course, was before her rich aunt took her by the hand, and brought her out as a belle in London society, where, however, she contrived to play her cards so much amiss that at eight-and- twenty sho was still unmarried, and was herself beginning to despair, when fortune threw a rich widower in her way in the person of Sir Philip Spence laugh, whom, after six months of patient angling, she succeeded in land ing high and dry on the shore of matrimony. The ambition of Marguerite Grant was satisfied when she became Lady Spencelaugh, and she determined thenceforth to take life easily, and enjoy the full advantages of her position. Several brilliant seasons in London succeeded her marriage — that is, after Sir Philip finally settled in England, which was not till two years later, his regiment having been ordered to India for active service, in conse- sequence of which he was unwilling for some time to sell out. But the rupture of a blood-vessel brought her ladyship's career to a dismal termination, and confined her for many weary months to a sick-bed ; and after her return to comparative health, she never eared to resume her former position in the gay world of London, two or three weeks in the May or Juno of each season satisfying all her ambition in that way ; the rest of the year, with the exception of a' couple of months at some wateririg-place at home or abroad, being passed, at Belair, where she never saw much company, thenealth of Sir Philip, like her own, being far from robust. Thus it fell out that for many years past Lady Spencelaugh had. .considered herself, and had been treated by everyone about her, as an invalid, and as such lmd fjillfin infin an easy, self-indulgent way of life, which she was too old to change ; so, beyond checking the tradesmen's accounts her self, and keeping down the number of servants to the lowest point of effi ciency, she interfered in no way with the management of the establishment at Belair. She liked to be nicely dressed and to have a well-appointed carriage ; she liked nice little French dinners, and hothouse flowers, and her after-luncheon nap, andean unlimited supply of now novels, v English and foreign. Grant Lady Spencelaugh but these- trifles, supplemented by an inter mittent rain of mixtures " as before," concocted for her by her favorite Dr. Roach, and, for the rest, the world might wag pretty much as it liked, for any interest she took in its sayings or doings. One son she had, Gaston Spencelaugh, the darling of his mother's heart, who had just left Cambridge, and was now in Paris, for the supposed purpose of perfecting himself in the French language. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 