MUSIC AND DRAMA. j The performance of a choral work of j Richard Wagner at the next concert of tho j Sydney Licdertafel cannot fail to be of in terest. Although from time to time thero » have been presented at orchestral concerts, 1 under the the direction of Mr. Cowen, Sig nor Hazon and others, instrumental works of tho great poet-musician and a representa tion of a complete opera — " Lohengrin"— has also been given here, it cannot be said that Wagner's music has received an amount of attention in Sydneyin any degree commen surate with liis position in the forefront of tho art world of modern music. The work which is to be heard for the first time on Tuesday night is "Das Liebesinahl der Apostof" (The Love Feast of the Apostles), a Biblical scene for men's voices and grand orchestra. Wagner was at the time of its ; composition conductor of lUe Dresden Liedcrtufel and composed the work for a " Miinnergesang fest (male voice a musical ! festival), which took place there in July, 1843\. The words, as well as tho music, are from the pen of Wagner and are intended to set forth what transpired at a meeting for Christian fellowship, at which were lire- sent certain of the Disciples and early Christians, who were afterwards joined by the Twelve Apostles. In the first instance the choruses arc sung without accompani ment, and arc in the form of brotherly greetings taken up alternately by different voice parts, and afterwards sung in harmony by tho full chorus. Then succeeds tho Sacra mental theme which is heard later on in the work. After this the choir is divided into three distinct choruses. Tho second chorus lends in to a mournful strain, to which the third chorus responds with an attempt to inspire greater hopefulness. Later the two choruses are ingeniously interwoven, whilst the first chorus, singing the sacramental theme, is joined with them, the whole form ing a most masterly piece of part writing, each chorus being independent of the others, yet amidst the most difficult modulations the ensemble is perfect. Now anew feature of inte rest is introduced in the entrance of thoTwel ve Apostles, who greet those present and bless them in the name of Christ, and speak words of comfort 111 response to their complaints of oppression. Then the Apostles in dignified solemn phrases tell how the resentment of the Jews has been roused against them, and the threats with which their preaching has been received, and a prayer for the descent of the Holy Ghost is worked up in a fine crescendo. The next movement for a small chorus of " voices from above," is succeeded by orchestral cft'ccta intended to represent tho descent of the Holy Ghost. A pianissimo roll of the tympaui ami tremolo passages for the strings Tend gradually to a fortissimo, in which the full power of both chorus and orchestra is heard. The 12 Apostles then sing in powerful dramatic phrases, very characteristic of the composer, words of encouragement and exultation and with the reply of the Disciples thereto tho work is wrought up to a highly effective climax in which the orchestra bears a very important part. This is but the merest out line of a work in which the hand of tho master musician is evident throughout, tt abounds iu striking modulations and changes of tempo which, whilst exceedingly beautiful in themselves, render the work very difficult of execution, though at tho same time every varying mood set forth in the libretto thus receives its due expression, which is further intensified by the orchestral accompaniment, a department of his art in which Wagner stands unrivalled. Australian theatregoers will not repine for want of new plays, so far at least as Messrs. Brough and Boueicault are concerned. Mr. Mayne, the firm's English representative, has' purchased on their behalf the colonial rights of four plays by Mr. A. W. Pinoro — "The Cabinet Minister," "Tho Hobby iforse," 44 The Weaker Sex." and a new comedy now being written ; Mr. Sydney Grundy's 44 Esther Sandray," in which Mrs. Langtry made a big success; .Jerome K. Jerome's "Now Lamps for Old:" and'4 Sun light and Shadow/.' by Mr. R. C. Carton, one of the authors of 44 The Great Pink Pearl." As previously stated Mrs. Langtry will probably bo introduced in Esther .Sana- ray," and .Miss Marie IVasor will make her first appearance in 44 Sunlight and Shadow." Miss Myra Kcinhle will leave: Sydney about the middle of next week to begin a tour iu Queensland with "Dr. Bill," 44 thine" and " Nita's First," three of the very best of modern comedies. Mis? Cushman and Mr. John Wallace are among the members of the company. "Ivanhoc" will be produced in Berlin towards the close of the year and Sir Arthur Sullivan will be present when the perform ance takes place. Mr. George Darrsll, who contemplates a visit to England shortly, is making a tour of Australia prior to leaving tho colonies. He will begun a season in Sydney at tho Garriek Theatre, following the Cartwrighfc Nether- sole Company, in two or three weeks, open ing in 44 The Sundowner." As usual Mr. Darrell's repertoire will consist of his own plays. Mr. Toole is reported to be contemplating a new line of plays, of which the first, from the pen of Air. Pinoro, will be produced about Christmas. Mr. Charles Wyndhum has had an offer to vir.it Australia, but has not given an answer yet;. During the absence of Mr. Irving and Miss Ellen Terry in tho provinces the Daly Com pany, headed by Mian Ada Rohan, Mr. John Dicw, Mr. James Lewis and Mrs. Gilbert occupy the Lyceum, their first production being a revival of 44 A Night Oil." Tn Decem ber Mr. Irving opens in " Henry VIII." Messrs. Sims and Buchanan scored a great success in London last month with ''The Trumpet Call," a new melodrama which was played at the Adclphi. The story is that of one Cuthbertson, who, having a faithless wife, loaves her, and in the belief that she is dead marries again. Tim first wife is not dead, however, and is found with a travel ling show. Various complications (which involve the hero winning the Victoria Cross in far Bnrmah) ensue, and in the end the first wife fulfils her mission by revealing that she had been married before sho met Cuthbert son. Mr. Leonard Boyno, Mr. Lionel Rig- nold, Mr. Charles d'Altou, Mrs. Patrick Campbell and .Miss Elizabeth Robins (who was playing Iledda Gabior recently) were in the east. Air. Williamson's Juvenile Opera Com pany, who arc touriug Now Zealand, arc now at Wellington. Miss Laura Villiers makes her last Mel bourne appearance 011 tho 15th inst., after which sho will come 011 to Sydney for a season at ller Majesty's. On the date named Miss Villiers is to be tendered a complimen tary benefit. Air. Jean do Reszkc, 1ho famous Polish tenor, will he paid a salary of £400 a night during his coming visit to the United Stales. In Paris he is paid £'100 a month. A new dramatic version of Harrison Ains- wortli's ".lack Shcnpard," written by Arthur Shirley and W. AFu.skorry, has been tried at Manchester, and is fo tour the pro vinces. Tho Gilbert-Collier co-operation will pro duce its first opera at St. .James' shortly. Alias Nellie Stewart has been engaged, it is said, to create tho principal part in the opera. Mr. Brough's contingent of the Brough- Boueicault stall, have been doing an excellent business with 44 Jane " and 44 Hook and Eye " at tho Melbourne Bijou. Miss Agnes Thomas has been playing Mrs Horton in 44 Dr. Bill" with Air. Alexander's company now L11 the provinces. Air. Wilson Barrett has revived 44 Tho Silver King "at tho Grand Tlicatra, Lon don. M. Andran has just finished a new comic opera called " Photis." In the Pall Mali Ga'xtfe of July 16 is a re production of tho artistic playbill used at the State performance at cho Royal Italian Opera on the occasion of the visit to London 01 the German Emperor and Em press. Tho programme consisted of the first act of 44 Lohengrin" (Wagner), the fourth act of "Romeo and Juliet" (Gounod) — in this Madame Melba took the part of Juliette — the third act of " Orfco'" (Gluck) and the fourth act " Les Huguenots" (Meyerbeer). Speaking of the State performances Figaro says: — 44 So far as the opera was con cerned, there was undoubtedly a t magni ficent show in the auditorium but it is hoped that the Kaiser did not accept the perfor mance as an indication of the standard ob served at our leading opera theatre. The faetis, that the French baritones, upon whom reliance is chiefly placed, were not available, and that ouronly tenor, Mr. Jcane de Kcske was so much out of voice that lie was able to take part oidy in the comparatively brief 4 Nightingalo' duet from Romeo and Juliet. At the Albert hall there was a far better musical entertainment.' . . . The render ing by the choir of the choral version of the 1 Kaisermarseh,' and of the prologue to the 4 Golden Legend,' which was the piece de resi'anee of the oc casion — evidently surprised the Emperor, ludeed, certain Uhlnu officers in one of tho boxes frankly declared that nothing they had ever heard or seen in Germany equalled tho performance and tho spectacle at the Albert- hall." The death, at tho comparatively enrlv ago of 62, of George Hart will be regretted by lovers of the violin. Hart studied his busi- j ness under his father and his art at tho Royal -Academy of Music in its palmy days under Sir George Maciarrou and Sainton, j lie was a capital judge of old violins, was a | skilful violin-maker, and was the author of ! tiie volume on 44 Tho Violin: It's Makers | and its Imitators, ' which Ins been issued in I French and in English, and is acknowledged I to bo tho authority on the subject. 