STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. There are thoBo who bemoan what thoy call tho decadence of burlesque and look back regretfully to the days, when. " it was the real thing my boy, and not tho substance-less product of modern writers." And not altogether without reason may tho unfavorable comparison be made if tho word " burlcsaue " is to bo accepted in its strictly literal moan ing, but of latter day tho liking has grown for the slimmer fabric, and burlesque, as she is done by the Loudon Gaiety Company, whereof one Frederick Leslie and another Ellen Farson are King and Queen, is ono of the most popular forms of entertainment the world of amusement holds to-day. Plot — well a little thing of that kind matters nothing. Continuity of action or incident is quite a minor consideration, and the only stipulation that patrons make is that it shall bo Bright, incessantly amusing and gladdening always to the eye. No purer sample- of this class of burlcBquo has been presented to an Australian public than 'Ray Bias, or the Blase Roue,' with which tho Gaiety Company opened their Sydney season last night. It would be difficult without overstep ping tho limits of moderation to adequately describe the wild enthusiasm with which a tremendous and, for the most part, expensively-attired uudience greeted the principals of tho company as in turn they made their first entrances. Of course old friends came in for t he longest and loudest, but now faces were welcomed with hardly less cordiality, and upon tho first appear ances of Miss Barren, Miss Grey, ami Mr. Leslie tho appluuso was continued for intervals that seemed as many minutes as they were actually seconds. "Rny Bias" is, as wo lmvo described it, shadowy in con struction, its incidents are absolutely without continuity, and no feasible argument can be adduced for their occurrence, but ubovo all it sparkles with never-ceasing merriment. Joko follows joke with such rapidity that thero is scarcely time to enjoy the lot, tho laughs as it wero get mixed, und the sus ceptible auditor is threatened with instant death by strangulation. Ten minutes after the curtain had risen the house was in roars of laughter, and thereafter, until a quarter-past 11, tho eye and ear wore de lighted by the bewildering beauty of the spectacles, with their rich coloring and artistic grouping, tlm preposterous but irro- sistiblo witticisms of Frederick Leslie and company, and tho poetic grace of the torpsi- chorean "turns" of Miss Sylvia Grey and MissFlorcnco Levey. Tho first scene — the throne-room of tho pulaco, of Moorish style and rich in color — discloses the Court of tho ' Queen of Spain and her majesty herself (Miss Grace Pedicy). She, having dclieatcly led up to it, sings in a mezzo- soprano voico of pleasing quality of tlio song that reached her heart, which, though something of what Mr; Leslio would call u " chestnut," was last night given with Buch excellent expression that tho house vociferously demanded a repetition. Presently, to the strains of " When Johnnie comes marching home," Miss Nellie Farren— anticipated by an exuberant family circlo- enmos tripping in, clad in a enstumo mostly wig, black silk tights und diamonds. Four minutes 13 seconds later there is a suggestive noise in tho prompt wing, and tho heart of the house leaps up in maudlin joy as Mr. Leslie, attired in tho conventional garb of any body you may please to imugino him, enters und at once paralyses his hearers by yelling out " Hel-lo thero 11!" very loudly, and with that peculiar intonatinuof his that he patented some years ago when he for- Book the walks of opera for tho luxurious equipages of lucrative burlesque. After an immensely funny sceno between Mr. Leslio and Miss Farren, in tho courao of which they disguise themselves ns "Toreadors, & c., and Mr. Leslie turns his hat by mechanical means into a rouletto table, Donna Eltu (MissFlorcnco Levey), limelit and lovely, realises the perfection of saltatory grace, and for the timo the recollection of Letta Linrl is efiaccd. Scarcely have we trampled down a consuming eagerness to lay our fortune (or as much of it as the office will advance) at her feet, when tlio Court Physician (Mr. Fred Storey) without, arrives, and any pro vocation, proceeds to squnnder his logs in a manner most alarming. When this gentle man was out hero some years ago wo usod to sit gogglo-eyod and breathless as ho danced with demoniac agility. Since then he has improved, and tho result at present is simply astounding. Also in this act Messrs. Danhy (Don Sallu8tc) and Leslio and Miss Farren sing " Razzlc Dazzle," in the courso of which Dion Ciusar drinks "Proporty Pcio nnd Fils " to excess, and has to be lugged off on tho tips of his toes, and in other equally humorous positions. An encore enables Mr. Leslie to still further olaborato tho funny " business " of tho number. Then Miss Sylvia Grey gets a chaneo to show that none of her well-remembered charm as a dancer has left her, and of course an encore is inevitable. Ono of tho best — well, wo must use tho word, because there's only one in tho list for it — "fakes" of tho r.ight is the dance following tho somewhat weak " I believe it, lor my mother told nie so." Hero .Miss Farren and Mr. Leslie combine in a double clog, sometimes on the slates laid on the stago and sometimes on the stago itself. Last night it was not until tho very end of it that Mr. Leslie exposed p. capital trick and showed an uBtonishcd house that tho beats had been cleverly done on slato und wood in tho wing. Towards tlio closo of Act 1. Don Ciesar re marks in tragic tones to Donna Christina, " Hash ! I'll explain all in tho hencoop," nn observation that, from tho lips, of, say, Parkes, would have no quality save as an indication of advanced lunacy, but as de livered by Mr. Leslio proved inimitably humorous, and an encore was narrowly averted. To bo quite in touch with the spirit of burlesque the misdemeanants cell in the second act is most gorgeous, with French windows, in which arc fitted bars of gold. Upon these Mr. Leslie imitates the action of a harpist, but unobtrusively and quite as a pieco of by-play. The business with the telephone celebrated its 10th birthday in this country hiBt week, but Mr. Leslio works it so cleverly and scoops tho soda out of his eye with such comical disgust that it convulses the house. In Mr. Gnatcher'c remarkably elegant second scone of this act Mr. Danby gets off a song entitled " They're after me," and last night his hearers liked it so much that they shrieked lor " Ballyhooley," but as Mr. Sydney Jonos and his band had left their music at home tho tbreo-loavod ditty couldn't be turned on. It is in this act, moreover, that Miss Farren, dressed so aB to recall a former success, sings " Wink your other eye," a tricky ditty with a dis tinctly Murrikun brand of melody. With such brightness and naivete (lid tho popular actress deliver it that " Wink, See." was called for all over again; " The bogie nmn," of which the original air has been paraphrased, is hero dono by Mr. Leslie, costumed as a sweep, and a big chorus of soot-shifters and girls in night dresses. Tho grouping is capital und the mingling of tho black and white together with the moaning chorus and tho weird gaunt figure in front make up a very impressive conception. Miss Farrcn's "What price that ? ' is ono of tho cliippicst songs in the bill, and is, wo aro afraid, bound to become almost as cxasperatingly popular out side tho theatre as Mr. Lcslta's "'Ev a glarss alonger me," which ho sings in tho drollest "coster" fashion conceivable. In fact, to quote the words of Mr. Chevalier's latest and apply them to Mr. Leslie, wo may Bay "It ain't exactly wot'o ses, but tho artful way 'o sea it." He's reminiscent at times, and no wonder for a man of such diversified talent, but his spontaneous, chirrupy with is unending, nnd he's one of the clevcrost and most genuinely funny comedians that ever stalked a "ghost." Miss Farren, who can't; bo a day under — well, what shull we say?— is as bright and spirited as in tho dear dead duya beyond recall, and in tho fullness of time we expect to chortlo a toothless chucklo at Ellen in a 1954 bur lesque. In tho matter of staging 'iRuy" may be fairly said to eclipse anything as yet attempted hero,' and from firBt to last tho stage pre sents a picture of dazzling splendor. As for t'oo "gaals"— wheugh 1 Oh! and we had almost forgotten to mention Miss Sylvia Grey's statue dance, which is replote with elassip grace. Mr. Raynham may bo con gratulated upon a purticulaily smooth premiere, and to Mr. John Gunn, tho assist ant stago manager, praise is due in whole sale quantities. Thero was a big house at the Alhambra last night to witness the weekly change of bill. Yocalism and all the funny business of the end men us usual constituted the open ing part of the programme, which wus got through without a hitch. The olio brought out Delowery, Crnydon and Hollund in somo of their capital Irish sketches, and those monarchs of acrobatic grace, Franks and Marion, gave a very interesting turn. Mons. Brovo thoroughly delighted the house ..with his extraordinary clever feats of juggling. " Betsey's Beaux," a fair screamer, concluded the programme. We notice that Mr. Frank Smith purposes giving a com plimentary benefit on Wednesday to his popular business manuger, Mr. Harry Jiurrington. At the Royal Standard 1'hcatro last Fri day evening tho Government Printing Office Urairiatic nnd Musical Society tendered a complimentary benefit to the widow and orphans of the late A. B. Constable, of tho Naval Brigade. We are pleuBed to stato there wus a very good house. The enter tainment was under tlio patronago of Cap tain Hixson and tho various officers of tho Naval Brigade. Tho performance consisted of a comedietta, " Husband in Clover," and the comedy drama, ".For the Old Love's." Both pieces were exceptionally well played. In the former Mr. and Mrs. Huzoll scored a distinct success as Horace and Lydia respectively; whilst in tho comedy tho performance of Mr. IV. H. Levey, ns Captain Davenaut, calls for special mention, this gentleman putting a deal of power in his rendition of the part. Mr. F. B. Bewloy is also to bo congratulated both for his make-up and acting in tho part of Mr. Lawrence. Of the ludics perhaps the best-played part was that of Morriss, whom Miss Nellie Peters succeeded in making very amusing. The following ladies and gentlemen also rendered valuable assist ance : — Misses Layton, Morgan and Deakin, and Messrs. Solloway, Smith, Robinson, Pike und James. The Naval Brigade Band was in attendance under the conduotorship of J. Devlin, and rendered several choico selections during the evoning. Messrs. W. Turner and S. W. Spain wero tho joint secretaries. 