COLLEGE SPORTS. WEEKLY JOTTINGS, Br OLD BOT, The event of last week was the public schools ' second crew» boat race. This yew It tell to j Geelong Grammar School'* lot to choose the j course, and, accordingly, their well-beloved Barwon j was named. All through the training lor this race the j crews were seriously hampered by la grippe. In the j ^ esley College and Melbourne Grammar School boats j especially sad havoc was played with training opera tions. Get-long, too, were not wi'V ut their mis- | fortunes, for some of their boy* wt laid up with j the prevailing epidemic. The prefat'itirv heats ' were rowed on Friday, October 9, Wesley College easily disposing of St. Patrick's College (who made j their first appearance in these races). Geelong j Grammar School beat the Melbourne Grammar) School with a little to spare, the general impression | being, however, that bat for influenza the dart: blues | would have given their heavy opponen s all they ! knew to win. The final heat was rowed on Saturday, | Wesley College and Geelong Grammar School facing ? the starter. Geclong Grammar School, aided by ! their weisrht and strength, rowed a long telling ! stroke, and won easily from their opponen u, who, despite their plucky exertions, vere out weigh ted and outpaced. Of the individual merits of the crews. I have little to sav, firstly because of the locale of the con tests, and furthermore because of the semi-unpre pared condition of the oarsmen. Geelong Grammar School were by far the heaviest crew, and it was mainly this which enabled them to win as they did. The most noticeable feature was the long and telling stroke, which effectually wore down their opponents, and enabled the light blue flag to finish well in front. The winners rowed in a new boat, built by Fuller, which was christened " The Braoebridge," in honour of the head master. The new ship is a beauty, and is especially designed to cany a heavy crew, sw& as j the one which represented the Pirotomanson the pre- ; seat occasion. Wesley College, who have the honour of being runners-up, are fortunate in that they had to meet St. Patrick's College in the first heat,* for the general opinion is that Melbourne Grammar School would have won if they had been drawn against Mr. Derrick's crew. The Wesley boys bad been vcit much interfered with in their training, owing to illness, and so their crew was not nearly as strong as it would otherwise have been. Tbey are, however, to be complimented on the pluck}* way in which they stuck to their task. Mr. Evans and Mr. Workman, the M.G.S. coaches, have had a very disheartening time of it during the past few months with their charyes. A week or two ago 1 mentioned the various causes which were com bining to mar the training of the boys. Opinion was fairly unanimous that with a fair mare of luck the dark blues would have about won the second crews' race of 1891. However, the training now will have done them no harm, and I fully expect to see M.G.S. finish very near the front in the next first crews' race. The advent of St. Patrick's College in the race was highly and favour|j.ly commented upon. No one would say they were a good crew, but still, if deter- \ mination goes for anything, " the Pate," as they are j called, deserved better luck. The want of coaching I was noticeable throughout the race, and ere the win- j mng-post was reached the time and swing in the : boat were hardly in accordance with the recognised rules. From B&llarat; comes news of the final match for the premiership among the schools of the city of statues. The contestants were the Ballarat and Holy Ghost Colleges. Great interest was taken in the match, and the gflieral opinion was that the Ballarat boys would be beaten. The Holy Ghost team were far trigger than their opponents, had trained very bard for the contest, but the superb little marking and combined play of their opponents completely disconcerted thein. The last match resulted in a i win for the Holy Ghost College by D goals 21 liehinds to niL However, on this occasion, the Bali&r;&t; bovs won by 5 goals 11 behinds to * goods 3 behinds. Great excitement prevailed at the conclusion of the match, the winners ooming in for a great ovation. On the side of the winners, Greenfield, Bintoul, O'Farrell, WanlisB, Bull, and Bailey distinguished themselves, while on the Holy Ghost College side Bmithwick, Koonan, Casey, Kinsella, Green, and Kinneally played like tigers to restore their school to the premier position. The premiership list is given below: School. Ballarat College CreswickGrammarS. Holy Ghost College High School.. Grenville College .. Is ?ajsi f iS. O S C- c g 887 75 08'7 25 Last week I mentioned that Geelong Grammar School had written to the Victorian Football Asso ciation, askin; them to arbitrate in the matter of the disputed goal in their match with the M.U.S. At the association meeting on Friday night letters were read from ilr. Hay. Wesley College, who expressed his opinion that the V.F.A. were the people to deal with questions of this kind; another from Dr. Morrison (Scotch College) to the same end, and a third, signed bv Mr. Bracebiidge Wilson (head-master), and A. Green (captain), Geelong Grammar School. After a little discussion the association decided that if the evidence on both sides were taken and sent to them they would act as judges in the matter. Melbourne Grammar School boys and others will be interested to learn that E. C. Osborne, the ex-captain of the M.G.8. has been very successful on board ship at the various sports. He was the Carbine at potato racing on the Oceana. One of his friends assures me that it is only a further evidence of the exoellctice of the training which boys receive in sports at the M.G.S, I have been requested to state that the date of the GeelongG ram mar 8ohool sports has been unavoidably changed. The date now fixed upon is Friday, October 30. Entries for the Old B03V Race must be in the hands of the secretaiy on or before October 27, at the school. 