HER BITTER FOE. 'You look happy,' he said, softly. 'Rosalie, mia, will you not tell me what secret brought you here, and whom you have seen ?' ' I cannot, Carlos,' gently. ' Indeed it would have been better had you remained in Italy.' ' I do not think so; at least, here I know that we breathe the same air. Each day some happy chance may bring about a meeting. That is why I came, why I stay.' Rosalie Norton sighed. Great as was her own love for Keith Jocelyn there was something in the count's devotion to her self almost beyond her comprehension. It was not the passion of his worship, but its unselfishness. They went back to London together. Carlos put his darling into a carriage to drive to her grandfathers's and then went back to his hotel. Gentle Mrs. Norton was delighted when she saw her niece. ' Wherever you have been it has done you good, Rosalie. I never saw you look so happy,' 'I feel happy,' softly. 'Aunt Fanny, you will never ask me where I have been, will you ?' And what could Mrs. Norton do but promise ? It was an evening often looked back to by Rosalie. There was a large ball at her aunt's friend's, the Countess of Clevedon's. None of the Jocelyn party were present (we know how they spent hat evening, the one before Keith left for Devreux Court), but a brilliant train of idmirers attended Rosalie, and one and all found her charming. There was a ight in her eyes, a sparkle in her conver sation, which seemed to claim all present as her captives. ' That girl will have a history,' said a :elebrated novelist to an eminent R.A., .vho stood watching Rosalie as she lanced. SWomen with such faces usually have.' 'Ay, but hers will be an uncommon one. I don't know which I should pity most, the man she accepted or the one she refused. One will be a slave all his days, the other most likely spend his life in regretting her decision. She is like a serpent for all her beauty,' The Count Rossi heard the words and would gladly have knocked the speaker down. Such conduct being impossible in an English ball-room, he contented himself with staring at them so persis tently that at last they became conscious of it, and moved out of his vicinity. For two days after the ball Rosalie Norton kept clear of Cadogan Street. Upon the third she remarked to her aunt her conviction that Maude Jocelyn must be ill, it was such an age since she had seen her. They had an idle after. noon. Should they not drive round and inquire ? The countess was indisposed, bet Miss Jocelyn was disengaged. That ascertained, Rosalie alighted, arranging with her in dulgent aunt to call for her again later. She followed the servant into the pretty morning-room, which, as an intimate, she had long been free of. Maudie, paler and more thoughtful than usual, was sitting near the window. She rose and kissed her friend affectionately. She had not the slightest suspicion of Rosalie's real character, and believed en tirely in her professions of friendship. 'What is the matter?' asked Miss Norton, as she sat down and fondled Mvaudie's hand, in a pretty, caressing manner peculiar to herself. ' You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' Do I?' trying to smile, and failing sig nally in the effort. 'It must have been here then, Rosalie, for I have not been out since the day before yesterday.' 'So I thought. I came to see why you were hiding from all your friends.' Maude hesitated. It seemed unkind to have concealments from such an affection ate friend. ' I am in very bad spitits for one thing.' 'You look it,' kindly. ' Your pretty eye' are as red as if you had been crying for hours.' ' I believe I have.' Rosalie opened her eyes. * But what is the matter'? Surely'~the countess is not seriously ill?: The man told us she was indisposed, but surely-' Oh, no-mamma is only' tired. It -is about Ethel.' And Maud's eyes filled... ":: SMiss Devreux ?' sympathetically. ' IsI she ill ?' ''No. Sir Claude has fetched her home.' 'It is very sad for you.' 'Oh, I miss her so.' 'lBut:still perhaps Sir Claude is particu lar, and as she was engaged .to Mr. Jocelyn;' he may have thought it not, comme ii faut'for her. to stay.' 'Oh, you don't understand,' cried Maudie. ' That horrible Sir Claude will not hear of the engagement. He says he shall never give his consent, and you see Ethel is only eighteen.' ' She looks older.' Do you think so ?' 'Yes. Well, she will be twenty-one before so many years pass, and then-' '.That is small comfort for, lovers,' said Maude wistfully. ' They are both nearly heart-broken. Ethel is never to come to us, or even write to us. I believe Sir Claude means to keep her shut up at Devreux Court until she comes of age.' 'And your brother,?' 'Keith says very little, but I am sure he feels it bitterly.' ' Still waters run deep,' thoughtfully. 'Yes; how well you understand it.' Love is a strange thing,' reflectively. ' I think it is a pity people ever love at all.' So did Maude apparently, for she answered nothing, and silence gives con sent. Then they talked on of :other topics. Sir Claude's eccentric conduct was to make no difference in Lady Jocelyn's plans, She intended to re-nain in town until quite the end of the season. 'And then we are to go abroad or to the sea-side,' said Maude, confidentially. ' I though you always went to Jocelyn.' ' We could not this year with Ethel so near and yet forbidden to see us,' ' Will you come to Norton ?' 'Oh, Rosalie I' 'Why not? Aunt Fanny and grand. papa shall ask the countess in all due form if you will only say you would like it.' ' I should like it dearly. I feel so lost without Ethel, and you are so good to me, Rosalie.' A white, ashen look of pain crossed Rosalie's face. She pressed Maude's hand till she almost bruised the delicate flesh. ' You must never say that again !' she cried, fiercely. 'I am anything in the world but good. I sometimes fancy I am the most wicked creature on God's beau tiful earth, only I always loved you, Maudie, always.' TO DE CON'T'INUED, 