A Ghost'Story. A ghost story. I heard it in the punt at evening on little river, the buttercups winking against the low and glowing sky, the water-rats shaking, bright-eyed, at their doors. . The Duo de Montebello tells it in the Eed Sea to a Colonel coming home, shaken to pieces with Indian fever. Scene, Mexico, in the' war, just before the fall of the unhappy Mnxi.nilian ; orders very strict against plundering, next man caught to be shot at once, whoever he may be. Next man caught, Sergeant la Tulipe, bravest, brightest, most popular of non-coms. ; most deplorable he should be the man; still, orders must he carried out, though Bazaine gave the order almost in tears, so popular with all ranks is Sergeant la Tulipe. So, as he is caushfc in the dusk, they shoot him, in a dreary little ditch, his back ngainst an adobe wall ; a lantern, terrible bull's-eye, hung round his neck ; and the volley over, there they him, still quivering, lantern and life both gone out, there can be no doubt of it, over against the adobe wall. But, before the. shots rattle, la Tulipe in anguish bids the padre, endeavouring to guide his last footsteps aright-bids him carry the message of his death, his honourable death in action, to his poor old mother at Plessis-sur-Saone, " Estaminet Débit de Tabac, Vins et Ciare," over painted crossed billiard cues tied with blue ribbon. And the paare promises and the Sergeant says, " Souviens-ioi !" thrice solemnly, before the fatal volley that, as I say, stretches him quivering in the dreary little ditch where he is buried. ThÄe con be no doubt of it at all. But, observe, later in the evoning the officers in the mess tent, Due de Montebello amongst them, talking of this and that nd somewhat of the luckless la Tulipe, de loring him no doubt. " Qui va la ?" from the sentry outside. " Qui va la ?" again, sharply, and then a shot ; and lo, through the door of the mess tent passes la Tulipe, death in his face and on his brenst, only the lantern burning round his neck, stands there calm and unearthly while a man could count ten ! And then the Due draws his revolver and fires. A crash and a moan, or rather a deep portentous sign, and messieurs les officiers are alone again, with a smoking revolver and the shattered remains of a lantern. Instantly to the grave of Sergeant la Tulipe, under the adobe wall, and see, he lies on his face instead of on his back, as they put him there, and the lantern has gone ; alone he lies, dead beyond a doubt of it. Soon in the hurry of war all this is forgotten, and the unhappy Maximilian himself being shot, under- going the fate of poor Sergeant la Tulipe against an adobe wall of a rather better class, all return to France, to forget in the joys of the boulevard and the coulisses that such things ever had been. And. the padre goes too, to enjoy himself as a padre may, in a brilliant capital, and forgets all about la mere la Tulipe, who lives and cooks, amid the click of the billiard-balls, away in the little estaminet in sleepy Plessis-sur- Saone, and wonders what her gars is after that he does not write. Till one day, meeting M. le Duo somewhere, perhaps on the boulevard, M. lo Due asks him if ever he has remembered the dying Sergeant's request, and the padre says, " Mais, ma foi, oui-parfaitement !" and that some day he will do it-" foitt à l'heure, tout à l'heure;" but does it not; till one night, going home late, as sometimes a padre will, round a corner, he meets the Sergeant, lantern at neck, grisly, grey, reproachful; and the padre, with a yell of terror, falls dead. Only, the Due said, the bonhomme met a " chiffonier, je crois," with a lantern and stick with nail at the ond. Still, conscience and fear and the night did the rest, and the padre fell and died. " Indubitablement." I am getting into a bad way ; I am breaking into poetry. " Lord, we know what we are, but we know not what we may be !" A sum of fully J2400 has been subscribed towards the fund which is being organised to place the late Mr. Bradlaugh's business affairs on a satiafaetory footing. | 