¡" SPORTING i ' ~T--: ' ., TASMANIAN EAOINO CLUB SUMMER MEETING. i SECOND* DAY. > Cold and bleak at dawn of day, anda heavily clouded sky up till noon, were > nat altogether favourable indications yesterday, but the Monarch of the > vaulted sphere o'cr hciid broke through the dull leaden mists and brought h > ith lum genial weather for tho second day at Elwick. -Bright and cheerful > with a i w*ruith , that was never op-' pressivc waa tho atmosphere through-, > out the afternoon, and hud it not been that ono or two favourites went down > every visitor would have returned home satisfied. Once only did anything occur to mar tho ploasuro of the d.iy. It | was when Young Hero " carne a cioppci" at the second jump in tho Hurdle Race, and Hortease II imitated him at the last one. In the first case, however, though the jockey rolled ont on the course In front of his steed Uko a rolling pin, ho fortunately o.caped without injury beyond a shaking and a lew bruine». The horse was the suflc-rer at the other hu-dlo, and I for bohío timo it appeared that death bud supervened, but it proved to be nothing more than temporary disablement. For an oil" day tho attendance was very good indeed, and with present prospecta of fine weather for tho morrow the club ishould tils year score a big sujecss. Ono thing I that has tended to make the meet moro interesting has been the largo fields that have competed, and whilst perhaps tho class of horses engaged was'not very high, un- doubtedly some of tho unitnuls aro thoroughly entitled to be railed racehorses. And thin leads us to ruflvOi upon the good that has been done by tho resuscitation of racing in Tus-nunlu. Sixteen years ago Klwlck gates first opened to a racehorse, und then tuero were but few in tho island worthy the inline. Since that timo the colony has produced some of the best horses that over saw tho light in 'Austral- asia, and undoubtedly the T B.C. havohelped to make this so. When the Club first started thoy had to depend upon horses from across the ¡Straus to enter foi their pri/.c«, but now thcicai-o suilioicnt local-owners ¡to makp a. meeting ,- and besides t)iia'prosperity bus" come to the ruling powers which every year shows itself In Bdino'fonn 'of improvement. Foi thin meeting two' totallsators'havo beeil woiked, and for thom a special, building has keenciected^glving much.greater.fáclTitiiiB to all-'who háve'anytliíiiir't3'ilo')wiÉli tlierfi. The pines, elim,'and oaks thatwei'e.plante'il some ycais ago aru getting moro umbrageous euch year,rnnd'u feW meeting's"hence theie Will not'be any. necessity ? for' orcoting a marquee ou the lawn to piovidc shade, ; A few moro scats in tho laddlmg p'ddocki would ho appreciated, apd befoip unothei gathoring .takes place, the road from the milln road'at .Glenorchy,to tho courso gales shoiild'rccclve attention. The hurdles,used wero ni oviiloil'* willi patent1 ii on Btandurd' spikes, tlie'ipventlon of Mr.'Wrti.'Tniiuor, Of Flemington, Victoria, and they ínado^tiU jumps for tho' horses. i Unlike 'all othej ideas ¡we ilnvo .see« put .'to"tl¡ó' teat, they do not " cut down," and there in not the necessity, i, f <r, i keeping, /men ^tationed at ouch leap with maula lo,r,i,ci-uet after the horses havo'passed.' Á'numberof iron tunks liuveVbeen,provided for «water djtoiuge, and-tims aartuge is ¡saved. , WJjoij O onorchy bus a''good ,wuti'r supply, the club will, doubtless, be one of tho Tiust's best customers, and then.they will he ablo to make ihtir liwu just what i,should be, mid besides helping the growth of the aluubs, Ipive some pretty flower beda luid out in various places.' Tho Hag signals noted lu the books, hare been very useful, and the only cause for dissatisfaction so fur, has been the irregular working of the mechanism of one of the totulisators. As we stated yes'erday, there is no loss to the public, nut when au investor wanta to calculate the odds the machine is goiug to pay, his task is not so easy. We hope to ace the machine ¡ii good order to-day, but whether or not it Will, we are certain, have to do a large business, Tin re seems to be more money about than usual, and the T.R.C. ure getting u good share of it, and as the more they ant tim hotter it will be for tactn«. we wish them good luck to the end. The Selling Hace was the first event ou, the card, and only two of the entrinU de- clining the contest, there was the nice field of nine starters. Stablo commissions and the public forced tho lost Derby faiourito Nnius ¡u.-.o tlic position of favourite, evens bein« the beut price obtainable. The Waver- ley representative occupied a good lierth as- cending the hill, whenhecut it very abruptly. Kupidhre held the lead till a furlong from home, when Lady Claro put in a claim »mi wore him down at the finis)). The winner was put under the hammer, and knocked down to the bid of Mr. J. Cohen for Ü2 glaucus, all of which went to the club. The purchaser afterwards resold tho maro to Mr. .Sommer« at a slight advance. Lun- cheon preceded the Second Hurdle llace, und again the field was a numerous on«, uiuo horses facing tho starter, favouritism divided between Camperdown and the winner of the small limber event the previous duy. Onlookers hud theil' attention diverted from tho race when Young Hero was seen to strike the hurdle iu front of the stund heavily, and shoot his rider out of the laddie. The lad was conveyed to the committee- room in an unconscious stuto, but so'jn recovered, his Injuries amounting to a bruised urtn. Hircll was In front half a , milo from homo, with Camperdown con | venient, backers of May Be becoming jubilant when Batty drew up his boree almost nlonca'de of thom Ho faded away again, and Hircll was going so strongly at the entrance to tho sttiiight that hu brought the chestnut to tho whip, and the maro got homo a length to tho good after being cased. The Violonan representative, Hortonso II., clouted the lust hurdle so haul that she carno to grief, and sha lay motionless fora while stunned. This was the oxtenl of her mini ap, and, luckily, i M alono escaped unhurt. For not scratching Hen within f'o tiino allowed, Doyle was fined £2. A field of good quality contested tim chief ruco of the afternoon, the Wilson Shakos Tho Dírby winner, Hopetoun, was considered the g, od thing of tho hnndioip, and lui saw a short prico, Compcor having a better followhig than Macquarie. Tho race was an interesting ono nil through, Goodwood piloting tho scntetto for Hourly half the journey, 1'owi r nail »lived the top weight so nicely to the foot of the hill that it B.-cmcdiib though he must w11 when lie made his t effort Macquarie entered tho straight with a good advantugo/nml odds 011 would llave boon luid 100yds. from tho post that ho got homo. Just as tho popular colours were beginning to raise a cheer, 1'nrlti r brought Compeer out with a lightning like nish, and onro again " the spots " «ero destined to be taken down in this particular event.' Hopetoun wa« never particularly prominent, and Dick Turpin was no nearer thnn sixth at any part of the race. Papapa was exceedingly good goods for tho Nurpery Slakes, despite his defeat of the previous day. His rider could scarcely make him go slow cnou ¿h, so easily did he win from The Mo'lo, who wan the only runner having a ghost of a show with the winner. Nino was the niuin In the Klwlck Stakes, the Victorian horse Prosperity opening favourite, und backed do.vu to 0 to 4, with Tennyson next best lui favour at .'I to 1. For nomo reason or other Prosperity was drlicn back, mid although 3's were quoted, much longer odds could have been obtainable about the horse ns the horses were stationed at tho post. Making the l)«Bt of her advantage of the statt, Ringarooma won all the way, Tennyson, who run In a hood, only once exhibiting a threatening attitude. Neither Prosperity nor his countryman, Granito, were within "cim-eo" of tho Iciders, notwithstanding their repu'ation o\cr these distance«. Par- ticulars of the day's running follow : HKI.UMI HACK, Of 708-ivs. Weight for agc. The winner to bo sold for £100. Disliiiice.five furlong», Mr. D. V. Fergusson us b in Lady Clare, by Euclid-Lady of the Lake, 4yrs. I (m7), 6st. 71b. (Riley) I Mr. J. Carr Lird's br g Rap'nlfiro. 3yrs. ¡ (£00), 7»t. 21h . (Hayes) 2 Mr. R. Hewitt's brg Tradition, aged (£50), 7st. 21h. ... i ... (Trainor) .'t Mr. C. S. Agnew's br g Nimia. 3yis. I (£100), 8at. 21b.(Power) 0 Mr. M. Kinncally's b m Princess II, i liytB. (£50).7«t. 121b. ... (Nonglc) 0 Mr W. G, Costain's b h Billy, 6yrs. | (£30), 7sr. 7¡b. (carried i 7st. 101b.) 1\. '.., ' . (EvaiiB) ,0 Mr. G. Alfred's oh f Ruth, 4yrB. (£40), <-?8t:i6lb;v-~T.>'' ..r , (Bloomfield) 0 Mr. R. Porthouse's br in Hetrayed (late Id»lia), aged (£40), 7st 5lh....(Nceson) 0 Mr. A.i E. .Lord's b f Ophelia, 3yr». ! (£40). 6at 121b. -... (Jamieson) 0 Mr. M. Geason'sbgVanDiomen.ôyrH {nil) ] 6st. 71b. / t. (Stebbings) 0 Retting : Even Ninua ; C to I liar one. Killy delayed the start for a considerable time by bolting round to the straight. When <b° flag was dipped, Rupidfirc Was quickest on his legs, the favourite lying third to the turn from the back, where ho dropped out of it. Rnpidfire led right up to the end of the tulls, where Lady Clare cunio on the outside, und a fine finish resulted in Rupidfirc being beaten by a neck, with Tradition third more than a length off. Time : linin Osee. > TotalUntor : 700 tickets ; 144 on winner ; dividend, £2 Os. The winner was knocked down to Mr. Jos, Cohen for 63gns. SECOND HURDLE RACE A handicap of 80sovs. ; the second horse to receive 10sovs. out of the stake. Distance, ' one mile and a half. : Mr. W. Jordan ns b m Hirell, Van Galen -Truth, aged, 9st. 12lb. ... (Fallon) 1 Mr. D.V.Fergusson ns ch or r g Camper- down, aged, lOst. 7lb. ... (Bence) 2 Mr. A. Lowe's br h Hamilton, 5yrs:, 9st. 2lb. (carried 9st. 8lb.) ... (Lowe) 3 Mr. A. L. Johnson's b m Hortense II (late Hortense), 6yrs., 11st. 3lb. (Malone) 0 Mr. J. Powell's g g May Be, 6yrs., 10st. 10lb.(Batty) 0 Mr. F. Krushka's bm Laura, aged, 10st. (Kearney) 0 Mr. J. Kearney's Eli, 6yrs., 10st (Rolles) O Mr. C, Carter's g h Merriman, 6yrs,9st. (carried 9st. 4lb.) ... (Gourlay) 0 Mr. R. Taylor's ch g Young Hero, aged, 9st . (Campbell) 0 Mr. R. Howitt's br m Geraldine, 6yrs., 9st. (carried 9at. 1lb.) ... (Hanigan) 0 Betting ; 3 to 1 Camperdown and .May Be ; 6 to 1 Hirell, Laura, Hortense II., and Eli, Hirell took the field over the first fence, wheni he gave way to Camperdown, who led over the jump in front of the stand, where Young Hero fell. Eli then had a turn in front, attended by Merriman, with May Be next, the ruck headed by Hortense II. As they raced passed the jetty Hirell again assumed command, Camperdown, her nearest attendant, May Be joining the leaders later on, and continued in third place to the foot of the hill, where he retired. Hirell was leading from Camper- down into the straight, and over the last jump, which brought Hortense II. down. Camperdown mude a determined effort to overhaul Hirell in the tun home, but she lasted to the finish, winning comfortably by a length, with Hamilton, who came fast from the distance, a close third, Eli fourth, MayBe fifth, Time:,3min. 4¾sco. , Totalisator ..937 tickets; 100on winner,; dividend, £4 4s. , . I ' i WII-SON STAKES. '! A handicap' of lfiOsovs. Second hoiso; to 1 tocolv« 20»ovB. out of tho stake. Distance, uno milo'und a quarter 'mid half1» dis 1 tunco. 'iu l ¡ i, in . i Mr. J. Kearney's b li Compeer, 6yi-a,, by ' Lupidist-Kd«lltt, 7st. 13lb.-.-..(Parker) -1 Mr, C S Agnew's oh h Macquarie, jlyrs,, Ost. ßlb. ..." ... * .(Power) 2 Mi-, M. Davis us b o,Hopetoun, 3yrs., f 7st. 71b. (IV. Mo dann) 3 Mr, J. l'ov.o'1's br or blk li Uhluu, 4yrs , 7st. 81b.(A. Campbell) 0 Mr. J. Woods ns li #, ¿¡tooloon«, aged, 7st oil». (cuiiluil7st loll».),.. (Neoson) 0 Mr. ,1. Mt,c;iiitclioy's blk e Dick Turpin, I 3yis., 7st. 21b.(Hobson) 0 Mr, J. Poaico's b « Ooddwood, uged, 7at. ' .!.(A. Law) 0 ; Betting ! I) to 4 ngst Hopetoun . 4 to 1 MacquurTo and Compeer -, 0 to' 1 lUhlun ¡' 10 to 1 $totll)oiiu a>id Dick Tuipln.»/. i I < Á A capital atait ,was Icffootod, Goodwood leading pist the stand, tho olhoiB lying ill ii bunch to tho first turn, when Goodwood w»s two leii«tlia in advance of .UIilan,iDiplc Tin pin in | the rear. The i sume ' oí den twa« obsoi yoil past the liousa, savo th.it Compeer had moved olosor tov arda the leudara, the favourite luoing lost but one. At the six f julong po<r. Goodwood came baok< a bit tu tjiu field, and ii furlong further on Hopetoun made a um on tho outtido, and got into a* good position Tinao fui longs ft oin home Power brought Macquarie up and coHui ed the lead fiom Uhlan, Hopetoun meant* hile getting nearer the fiont illusion. - The Wavelly ropriBcntutlvo looked like winning at the hull distance, when Compter cimo with a brilliant rush, and was cloverly landed a clear length winner from- Mucquaiie, with Hopetoun third, five lengths oif. Steellione was fourth, just in fiont of Uhlan, Dick Turpin next, Goodwood lust. Time, Sinin. 25sec. Totalisator 11,173 tickets j 237 on winner; dividend, ¿2 4s. JÜVKVILK RTAKR8, A handicap of (¡Osota T'hcBecond horse to receive lOsovs, from the stake. Distance, five furlong«. Mr. J. McClutohey's br o Papapa, Musk lioso-Pundni a. 2yrs., 8st 7ÍO. ., . » (Newlands) J Mr C « Airncw's bcTho Mfde, The air. >u. n. «Bi.c.. o «b *..-.-,.».... Aisyrlan-Evelyn, 2yrs., Hat. 121b. ... . (Power) 2 Mr. F. Krushka'« h f Madeline, Larpent -Nolly, 2yrs., 7st. ... (.1. Morrison) 3 Mr. E, Kearney's br f Pinafore, The Assyrian- Buttercup, 2yrs., 7st. 121b. (carried 7st. 131b.) ... (Bloomfield) 0 Mr M. Davia' b f Elba (late Miss Brown), Napoleon-Beeswing, 2yrs., 7st. 71b. ' (carried 7«t. 81b.) . (Moffat) 0 Betting ! 0 to 4 ugat Papapa. With Tho Medo In olose attendance, the favourite was in ft out to tho straight, where he hud everything beuten, winning with the greatest of raso from the Wuvorley represen- tative. A long gup bcpurated the second and third. Time: lmiii, llscc. Totalisator : 004 tickets ; 300 o.i winner ; dividend, £1 7s. KLW1CK STAKKS. A huiidicnp of 70eovs. Second horse to re- ceive lOsova. out of the stuke. Distance, ono mile. Mr. Chris. Krushku's b f Ringarooma, 3yrs The Assyrian - Bashful, vat 31b. . .(Anderson) 1 Mr. M. Davis na blk )> Krouos, 4yrs., 7st. 111b, . (Moffat) 2 | Mr. J. Woods us cb g Tennyson, aged Oat, . ,(Neeson) 3 Mr. A. h: Johnston*« br c Granite,' 3yrs., 8at. 71b. - ... (A. Campbell) 0 Mr. J. Powoll's blk h JacMn-thc-Green, 4yrs., 8st. nib. (Hayoa) 0 Mr. M. Doylo's b li Trixton, 5yrs., 8s'. .' 21b. (Kirkburn) 0 Mr. W. n. Plow's b g Piospority, 4yrs , 7bL 131b.(Pago) 0 Sir. F. Kruahlia's b g MacGrc^or, 4yra., ,7at. 71b. (W. Morrison) 0 Mr. J. McClutchoy's b g Pt. Clulr, iiyis. 7st. Cb.i "(J- Morrison) 0 I Betting: 3 lo,l aval Prosperity und Tennyaon ; 0 to 1 Jnck-in-tho Green ; 7 to 1 Granito ; 10 to 1 others, ' Tho start guyo Ringuroonm all, tho ndvun tngn, nnd abo had Trixton with her for a furlong or two, when ho retired. Tennyson began to fore.a ahead as they entered tho straight, but ho failed to get on tel ins, At tho dittnnco Hiugnroomn was nearly threp lengths before anything, Kronos making a run at the end of the inila, i educing the gup to half that distance, T'lmyflou tinco quarter« , of a, length oil, Ginnito and Prosperity ending in tho lust division. Time, I min. COsec. ' Totalisator, 1203 tickets ; 08 on winner, dfvidend £5 lQj. , A mo-ting of tho committee of the Tos-' nianlun Knollig Club was held at Klwick yesterday, when tho cato of the disqualifie« ti"ii of Hiscutt was re- opened. It was re- solved that when the ruling powoia of tho C'umbcrl ind Rac'ng Club thought fit to re- move tho disqualification of that jockey, the T.'R.C. would act similarly. Hiscutt i», theu-fore,virtually froo to ride under T.R.C. | auspices._ 