Varieties. hTow the igj.r iBills c(tl Eats. In a paper read before the t:ombo· Natural ilietury S,,ciety recently, and pub lished in its journ:al, Mr. Invrclaity, a notec i/ilari, discussed the habits of the tizer hand spj'cialiy the muds in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think he seizes' b3 the throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has cxaminsd scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an o!d .boar :who had been seized by the back of the neck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he recovered his senses, what bad happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place is doubtful. The tame hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break ing the skin ; possibly the tiger kills in the same way. It is only, by accident; if:Ent all, that tigers in killing sever an important vein or artery,. and no blood to speak of flows from the throat'wounds. Very large and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the.first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, the tiger almost invariably begins eating a hiid. quarter, consuming one or probably both. Somct'mes he leaves the stomacbh and intestines as they are: sometimes he will remove them to one side. making a neat parcel of them. A tidr ant a tigress together will fin:sh an ordinar' sized animal ait one meal, leaving only th, head. Intlhis case it is probable that th, second begins at the fore quarter. Animalh pre never caten where ithey are killed, but are always dragged a stort distance. . The} are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. Having gorged himself,the tiger sometimer lies close by his prey, but if it is hot weather and therere e hills in the neighbouarhood, hr will go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefer, to lie inma cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in the clost rot jungle. lie returns next night and- finishes what is left, but he never eats a eocond time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or P0 yards off. Sportsmen comingu on a. half-devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger, tic the prey to a tree. The tiger takes aboat two hours'steady eating tro finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one night who ate for. ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quarter h n:rs. He did not fire, as.he could not see her. Tigers are cannibals; they will mnke their meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once ia five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does net care to hunt much for a tow days ;.but a tiger kill whenever he can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights,. e Hri-: Inverarity believes that anima' 'killee by tigers suffer little beyonrd:the panic of e 'few seconds. The shock produces a stupoi and dreaminess.in which there is ,no sense of piain or feeling of 'terrb?. :The powerfu stroke of the fore paw ,of the tiger is : fiction; he clutches with his claws as one night with the fingers, bht does not strike : :blow.. Tigers wander immense distances at night and, as they like easy going, they go on road; and paths. They do. not like to move dur ing the hact of the day, as the hot groun, burns their pads arind makes them raw. They can on occasion climb trees. , Salsette one climbed after a certair Pandoo,'but could not reach him, and're tired. Pandoo, thinking,the coast clcar, go down and ran toward home, but on the wea: was caught by the tiger and killed.. The inquest report stated that Pandor died of the tiger eating him ; there was ni other cause of death.. Nothing was let except some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand." Natives have a belief that the ghosts of the man eater:s victims ride in his head and wary himn of danger, or point the way to fresh victims. 