The Man With a Box, Who was tbo mnn with tlio box f For tbo thouenndth timo did Doctor Cultamoro ni;k himself this qucptii n ; for the thousandth time did he ponder over tho grim conun drum, i ill it seemed lii;e a epcetto haunting him continually. Klccping or waking, an apparition was ever by his Bide, demanding now mourntully, no'.v eternly, ' Who am I I ?' And thiu apparition was tho man with tho box. If tho man was a mystery, tho box was none tho less one. From long gazing at it, tho doctor had como to regard it bb a kind of hideous, all-knowing demon, whioh might opin its lips and tell all, but oould not bo nunio lo. But this was only fancy, for tho box, 08 it stood on the doctor's table, waB an ordin ary littlo caekct of mahognny, with somo nijjiiH of an Eastern origin, perhapB, in its curiouu carving, but to a casual glanco a mere oommonplaco wooden box with o look and koy. Yet a glanco at thiB box was enough to bring to Doctor Collamore's mind thoughts of all that was dark, mysterious and un canny. Tho dootor Bits beforo it now, gazing over it at the lurid ounset gradually dying into grey. IIoholdB tho koy of tho casket in his fingers, ob he has so many times beforo in tho last livo years, but he does not opon tho box; ho never has oponed it. Ho is lioten ing to a young girl, who leanB her pale, lovely face ogainst his shoulder as sho speaks to bim in a low voice. 'It is a strange, dark box, Undo Frederick B'anding there eo grim and black between us and tho bright sky.' Tho dootor starts. ' Arc you thinking of the box, Adrienno ?* 'I think of it often. I remember tho night, fivo years ago, when it csmc to tho house. I remembor that when 1 saw it first, Btanding on youv table, my heart Bank, I know not why, with a prcBentimont of impending misfortune. 'Ihe i^xt nigbt,' and her voioo sank to a v.hisprr, ' I heard that Malcolm had disappeared — that he had been robbed — mnrdered.' ' Malcolm ? Do you still think of him 7' ' Conld I forget ?' ' But Arthur Weston ?' . 'Ah, Arthur .Wcstan-t my dear guardian — I must tell you. iirthur Weston has asked mo to become hiij wife. To-night he is to havo my answcr.'' \ ' And it will be ?' \ ' Tho box soys no.' ' Must you obey tho box ?' 'It not only commands mo — it impels mo. Ever since it has beon horo it seems to say to mo : ' Adrienno, I hold within mo tho seorots of your future life ; I am your destiny, and I am hero to watoh over you and guard you from evils you know not of, aud dangers that you cannot see.' Oh, unolo, this seoms fanoiful to -ou, who know tho history of the box, but to mo it is vory real.' ' Alas, I know no moro of its history than you. To mo it Bpeaka only of horror, violenoo and orimc. But tell me, docB it ever say anything else to you ?' ' Yes. At ^imes when 1 havo pondered long over tho past it Beeins to Bay to mo: ' Hope, Adrienno, hopo I In good timo I will open my lips; tho sorrowful shall bo mado happy — the dead oomo back to lifo. Hopo!'' Tho dootor drew horolosor to hira. 'My obild, tho timo has oomo whon you must know what I havo nevortold to anyone —the story of how I oamo by tho box. To night I do what I never have done— with this key I open tho box. I look thoro for a revelation of terror ond crime. If it havo for you any meBsogo of hopo and love, Heaven grant that you may roceivo it. Listen,' ho said : 'Fivo yeais ago I heard that my brother, whom I had not seen for somo years', had died, leaving you, his only daughter, an orphan, dependent upon my oaro. I arranged that you should mako my house your homo, nnd one evening— fivo years ago to-night — while I wns away to fulfil a professional en gagement, you arrived. Wiieu I returned you were here. I learned also during my absenco young Malcolm Douglas hnd called upon you with his friend Arthur Weston. Thoso two young men, you told me, had re turned Irom India not long beforo, whero they hnd made their f}rtunes. I learned nlso that Mnloolm waB an nuceptcd lover. ' I was onco moro oallod out, and it was late at night when I Btartod for homo ogaiu on foot. Ao I plodded on, thinking of tho chauges whioh would oomo from your living among us, and for tho happiness I hoped for you in the husband I had never seen, I waB recalled to myself by uoiBes, lights and shoutiDg. Looking about mo, half dazed, I found myself in the middlo of the street ; a oab drawn by two horses was bearing down upon me rapidly, Tho driver, vainly trying to oheok tho animals, wao oalling to me. I wbb bewildered, and stood still till the horses wore almost upon me ; in an instant I should have been knocked down whon I wan Bnatohed to ono Bide just as the wheels ol the oab grazed my olothing. ' I looked up at my roBouor. Hia olotbes woro torn and muddy, and I distinotly remembered afterwards that stains ol — of — somothing red — wero on his hands. ' ' My dear air, how onn I thBnk you enough for your oouragn V 1 said. ''It was nothing — nothing at all,' ho roplied. ' 1 But you have saved ray life at the risk of your own. Let mo at least know who you are, so that I may havo tho opportunity of being of uso to you somo time.' ''If you want to servo mo, now is tho time,' ho Baid. ' 'Takei this box. My lifo would bo in danger wtro it fouud upon me.' Then I will tako it,' I Baid. ' He placed the box in my hands, saying : ''Swear to mo that you will never let anyone elao got posBosBion of it; that you will nover reveal how it oamo into your poBBession, aud that you will never opon it. I may call upon you any timo for it; if I hove not done bo by fivo years from to-night I absolve you from your oath ; you may open tho box and tell the story of receiving it from mo. Do you swear to do this?' ''I swosr.' ' 1 Then hero is tho box and a koy. Yon may seo mo again Boon, or you may nover Beo mo. Farowelll' ' Wtna I reaohed home and thought over this adventure oalmly, it did not tako long to conclude that thoru was moro of tho comic than tho tragio about it. So I put the box away, and soon all thought of it wob drivon from my mind by tho startling evento which had happened at thiB time. ' Malcolm Douglas had disappeared. IIo had drawn all his money, amounting to ten thousand poundB, from tho bank, and if tho Boa hud swallowed liiui up ho oould not have disappeared moro totally, his money with him. As timo went on and nothing whc heard of him, the police took up tho niatter. Murdor ond robbery was their theory, and thoy mado a fow arrests. Nothing oamo of them, however, till suspicion fell upon the Hindoo servant, Knro Nin. A man had been fouud who bad seen Malcolm that night in a lonely part of the oity near tho wharves , tho man bIbo stated that Maloolm Beomed to bo followed by a Bmall dark man — giving a vory good description of Kara Nin. But Arthur WeBton stepped in and cflirmed that Kata Nin had been with him that night nt tho timo when Maloolm had been sean near tho wharves. This alibi upBet tho case against tho servant, ond the polico gave up thoeoarohin despair, and Kara Nin soon after disappeared. 'Thus it seemed that tho disappearance of Maloolm Douglas was to bo an unsolved mystery; but it was then that dark vin'oj;o began to rise up beforo mo, and tho almost forgotten box began to tako on tho t.!ii 5ttr look it baa ever Binoo worn. Tho breaihleun hurry of tho man with tho box, his anxiety to rid himsolf of tho inoriminatiug burden ; tbo vory worda he used about it ; the solemn oaths ho mado mo tako — nothing oould teem less oomio or insignificant than this, when I camo to think of it, in conccotion with the dieappearanoo of Maloolm Douglas. I havo often Btartod up in tho dead of night and oomo to the box with the key in my hand, determined to open it and eeo what it oon tained ; but my arm has always been stayed not by my oath, but by my feeling that tho time had not yet oomo— that the eeorct oE / tiir- brx wr.i nil tn l;e farce J from it. Uui l HniVi . alw.tjs [( It, |::.vrrtktl..£f . thr.t not a Ii u, i Nm, r.or tlie j ulieo, but. the bos, did huvc hjel.id within its lircnat, tho ecerct of the diHiippearauea of Malcolm Douglas. 'Anil now tho tii io Iibb como; to-night tho fivo years are paajed; 1 am absolved from my oath. I have told you tho story of tho box, so far as I know it; now I open it, and if it has any eccrcts it must give them up.' Tho red sunset had almost faded now, and left tho box standing out blackly against tho dead grey sky. Tho girl raised her head and gazed earueBtly at theoasket. Thon sho aroso. ; ['I will leave you, Unolo Frederick,' sho said, ' to opon the box. I know now what you must have Buffered through all theso years with this knowledgo. 1, too, havo suffered ; but to mo! tho box has opoken words of comfort and ;liope ; and to-night I feol that its prophemcB aro Boon to be ful filled. I must go now ; Arthur Wcoton is waiting for me.' / ' I fear hia visit will bo short, poor fellow I But if tho box contains anything of import ance, I will tell you. Now that tho timo haB really oomo I foel very muoh agitated ; I oan hardly bring myself to open tho box. But I will try hard to pluck up courage.' Tho dootor lightod a wax taper and sot it on tho table next to tho box. Then ho took tho key, whioh was i fastened to a small orimBon ribbon, and pht it in tbo koy hole. As he did so a flood of memories rushed over him. A shudder passed through the doo tor'o frame ; he turned tho key and Blowly lifted the lid. Tlio light was dim ; tho doo tor raiaed his eyes, and looking at the win dow ho ebw a sight whioh at first turned his blood cold. A face was presBod against the pano ; a face thut ho knew, with bright eyes staring at liim inetntly. Before him tbo dootor aaw the box, open at last; beyond tho box, he raw tbo never forgotten faco of that night in tho street fivo years boforo; tho face of tbe man with tho box 1 ? It was but for a moment that tho dootor was paralysed. IIo sprang to tho window, opened it, and assured himself that tho faco was not a mero vision, by grasping the body convulsively, With superhuman onorgy ho dragged tbo man into tho room and stood beforo hira with uplifted-ar io. f V rtt-Vusriv''jiaoried'; T^th'e tfmo has como I Whether you are a n&n; or devil you must yield up to mo tho seoret of Mal colm Douglas I' '? I v/ill do bo,' antworod tho man, in a oalm, clear voice, 'It is for that that I have como here. Close the wiudov; and sit down. I seo you havo oponed the box. If I had not oomo you might have guessed from that the Eooret'of Malcolm Douglas.' _ ' 1 knew it j' murmured tho dootor, sink ing into a ohair. 'I could have sworn that Maloolm Douglas's fate .was known to you and tho box I' ' I will make my story short,' continued the man. 'To begin at the beginning: Malcolm Douglas and Arthur Weston re turned. from India comparatively rich men. They bad mado rhoir fortunes together, but had divided t'jem beforo thoy left India. Thoy paEscd through Europe on their way homo. Tfcoir stay there would havo been longer had not DougIbs diBcovored that Weston was becoming a victim to gambling. He was muoh alarmed for hiB friend and hurried him homo. | 'But it was too late ; /'for ono night not long after their arrival here! WeBton informed him that ho had already lost almost all his fortuno ovor tho gaming toiilo. He followed thiB with a request for a large loan. Doug las went to tho bank and - drew out all his money to help his friend; and in doing this ho rushed £o his doom. : ' What good oould a loan do au already ruined man ? Tho money must bo bis aome how. When tho guilty idea first Btruck Weston'B mind I do not rnow. Onco thoro, it grew rapidly, for We»ton had nuddenly oorao to havo anothar reaion for wishing to have Douglas out of tho jvay— tho hatred of a rival in lovo. ' Tho resolve onoe forircd, an instrument was readily found. A;fcrooiouB Hindoo servant, oonvorsant wit^wjilhs of killing unfaniilinr to us— ready, 'foj greed or for mere bloodthirstinces to strangle anyono — Buch a perBon wbb Kara Nil.'-'; a tool ready to tho hand of Weston, - _ ' Thero is one oiroumtjtamoj which fastens indubitably' upon WeBton t! la guilt of this orimo. When Kara Nin, through soma acoident, was -obBerved ind suspected, ho oalled upon his master to jierjure himself in order to savo him. And; through fear of betrayal Weaton did this, doubtless with in coucoivablo loathing, for ho had no oauso to lovo Kara Nin.' i 'For tho Hindoo had not brought Doug loa'a money. Weaton thought ho had Btolen ?'.! any rate he followed tho Hindoo with hia vengeance, and somo time later attemp ted to havo him dono away with; thus grati fying a grudge and gottiug rid of a dangerous Bocomplioo at the Bamo tirio. But I beliovo ho failed, and if ao thoro will bo war between Weston and Kara Nin.' 'But this ia not all,' oxclaimod tho doo tor, as the man paused, ' thio is nothing. Who are you, what of tho box and what really was Maloolm Douglas's fato ?' Tho man sat for a long - timo leauing his face on his hand. At last he spoko ; ' Is your nieco hero 1' 'Yes.' ' Will you tako mo to her 1' 'Dootor Oollamoro rose, and the man followed him into the drawing room. Arthur WeBton wao thero with Adrionnp. 'Why do you tell -mo to wait?' he was onying. ' I havo waited five years, Adri enno. Was I not to have' my anuwer to night? At leatt give me a littlo hopo.' The door had opened, and tho doctor and the man wore standing In tho room. Adrienno rose nnd gave onn. look at th6 man. - ' Maloolm I' she oriod, and threw horself into his arms, Arthur Weston followed her with his eyes, and saw Maloolm Douglas standing in the doorway. Weston Bank to tho floor, and raiaed hiB hand as if to shield himself from a frightful vision. 'It is I, myself, Arthur 'Weston,' said Douglas ; ' tho bowstring of tho Btranglor failod for onoe. The treasure box is not in Kara's hands, but in this very houso, where it hna been ever Binoo that night.' Weston aroso and mado a violent effort to appear oelf-poBScssed. 'Well, Maloolm,' ho sail, 'you oan't blame mo for thinking you wero a ghost. 1' ntvor expeoted to Beo you again.' ' Weston, you oan spare me tho trouble ol publioly denouncing you. When I suo ceeded in eBoaping from tho Btrangler, I was filled with fear and apprehension. I know I was not safo while ho wob hero. I resolved to go away until it would be safe for me to return. Your falso swoaring in Kara's behalf Bhowed mo who my real enomioB woro, and I havo not returned till I am ablo to defeat you at all points. Leave tho country, Arthur Wecton ; nover again return or oomo near mo, and you will bs Bafo, as far ub I »m concerned ; otherwiooyou will bo iu gaol within nniiour.' Weston nlunk out ot tho room without a word. ' My children,' said Dootor Oollamoro, ' I don't think I understand all of this yet; but I can seo that 'tlio man with tho box has returned, tho box has been opeuod, and its curse at last removod from my oleoploss nights.' ' And I always said, Unole Frederick, that the box oontained a bloesinc. We have opened it, and I have found M&looltn;,' '?I am glad you havo kept your promise about tho box bo woll,' Baid Maloolm ; ' but I am moru glad that you have kept Adrionno fur mo so safely. In return I will promise that you shall no longer bo hBUnted by tho man with the box.' Arthur Weaton slipped out ol tho room quiotly enough. But did he seo still another face preeued against tho window pano watch ing all his movements ?. A dark, savago face with glittering eyes and whito teeth that looked as i; they would like to tnsto blood? Did you Boe that faco, Arthur WCBton ? If you did, good- byo to all rest and peaoe of miiul for you from thiB tinioon; for tho bowstring ot tho Btrangler will not fail tho Beoond timo, and- you know it. You have played with firo, and your day of. rockoniug ia yot to ouino ; and when it does, is will bo from the hand ot Kara Niu, i ', 'I,.'- V . k:.; J 