AMUSEMENTS. THEATBE ROYAL. Thursday was a fashionable night at the Theatre Royal; when His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Kintore and suite were present, and a large general audience to witness the production of Shakespeare's charming pastoral comedy " As You Like It." Whenever a Shakesperian play, is staged for one night only by a company whose forte is melodrama, it is understood: that the performance is intended to give some special member of the company the opportunity of displaying a qualification for higher things than what has gone before®:' In this respect the performance of Thursday must be regarded as a compliment^ to Miss Lily . Dampier, but as it eventuated it enabled some other members of the company to appear in familiar roles,. in which a scholarly and acceptable reading was giveh of Shakes peare's language, and, taken as a whole, the piece was very creditably staged and pre sented. Miss Lily Dampier has not had the opportunity previously in the present season of doing full justice to herself as arising young actress, but in the role of Rosalind she quite captivated her audience and pleased everyone by her admirable representation of the Eart. She has evidently a lot of itent talent which melodrama does not suffice to develop. In Rosalind she has a " study," and in her delivery of the text she displays elocutionary knowledge above the average,- and in her acting is brisk and vivacious where needed, as well as coy and affectionate in the scenes with her lover. She was deservedly called before the curtain at the end of the forest scene, where Rosalind faints on seeing the bloody 'kerchief of Orlando, . and throughout ? she created a -most favor able"?impression. She was ably supported, principally by Miss Katherine Russell as Celia, Mr. F. 0. Appleton as Orlando, Mr. Dampier as Jaques, Mr. E. Holloway as the Duke, Mr. Martin as Touchstone, Mr. Rolfe ' as Oliver, Mr. Lewis as Amiens, Mr. Vernon as Adam, Mis3 Merlin, Miss Billin, and others. To-night the performance of "East Lynne" will bring the Dampier season to a close, as the company take their departure for Broken Hill on Saturday. ADELAIDE STRING QUAHTET CLUB. The third concert of the season was given at the Albert Hall on Thursday evening, when in ' spite of the stormy weather there was an excel lent house. The programme was an interest ing and varied one, inoludingselections from the works of Mendelssohn, Handel, Haydn, Schubert, Max Bruch and Mackenzie, which were interpreted in a manner befitting the reputation of the society. Herr G. Reimann was to have c6ntributed a pianoforte solo of Beethoven's sonata ".Pastorale," but greatly to the disappointment of the audience, owing to' indisposition he %vas unable to undertake so onerous a task, although he courageously carried out his part in the other portions of the programme. The opening number, Mendelssohn's quartet in D minor, op. 44, for two violins,- viola, and violoncello, was played with exquisite taste by Herr _Heimcke, Mr. Grigg, Mr. Quin, and Herr Vollmar. Commencing with a_ bold and vigorous melody for the first violin, which j changes to a harmonious passage in F sharp j minor, the movement has an effective and spirited termination. The second section contains a charming minuetto written in the pastoral style, followed by a trio thoroughly individual in treatment which _ leads up to an expressive and sympathetic andante movement. A brilliant presto full of anima tion forms a fitting climax to this great work. The same performers also gave a splendid rendering of the adagio from Haydn's quartet in C minor. The basis of this movement is the Austrian national, air which is treated with that perfect finish and richness of development \ which is. so characteristic of Haydn's music. The adagio opens with the melody played in simple four-part harmony followed by four variations. The ?'first is a duet for the two violins, the last being a repetition of the air harmoniously embellished. , This number was listened to with breathless attention . by the audience, it being a Eeeuliarity of 'the works of this composer, who as justly been called the father of instru mental music, that his subjects, are treated with such clearness and lucidity as to make them as interesting and enjoyable to the amateur as to the artist. Schubert's quintet in A major, commonly known as the "Trout" quintet, for pianoforte, violin, viola, violon cello, and contra-basso, played by Herr Rei mann, Herr Heinicke, Mr. Quin, Herr Voll mar, and Herr Fiebig, formed a musical treat that has seldom been equalled in Adelaide. . The entrancing harmonies of this beautiful work were perfectly rendered,"the grace and refinement of the piano part as played by Herr . Reimann being strikingly effective, and the whole forming so pleasing a feature of the programme that it is to be hoped a repeti tion of the quintet will be given at some future concert. A violoncello solo, " Kol Nidrei," with pianoforte and organ accom paniment, was given by Herr Vollmar, Herr Reimann, and Mr. C. J. Sharp. Founded upon a Hebrew melody this composition'' breathes forth a spirit of devotional solemnity which is highly pathetic and impressive, and its interpretation by. the gentlemen named, it is needless to say," was marked -fay an artistic appreciation t>f its ' character which could riot fail to be effective." The instrumental portion of the programme was pleasingly diversified by : - 4-wo vocal selections-the recitative and aria from Handel's "Alexander,". "Lusinghe piu care," and Mackenzie's "Gentle dove, thy voice is sad," both of which were excellently giyen by Miss Guli. Hack, the accompaniments being taste fully played by Mr. C. J. Sharp. The Quartet Club is to be congratulated on being able to present so artistic a programme, while the musical public should be qui 3lc to recognise the faithful and skilful interpretation of the works of the great classicists to which it is now their privilege to listen. The next concert of the society will take place on Thursday, Sep tember 24, and should result in a crowded attendance. CYCLOEAITA. . Upwards of 4,000 people have visited the Cycloraina during the past month. Music of the best and most characteristic description gives additional charm to this fine production. THE FASTING MAN. Tanner at 8 o'clock on Thursday evening commenced the last 48 hours of his 40 days and nights' fast. His condition is very low, but no serious symptoms have manifested themselves. He has lost much more in weight than he did in Melbourne and Broken Hill. At 8.5 p.m. on Saturday he will take his first sustenance other than water. BILLIARDS AT GARNER'S ROOMS. _ The box-plan for Roberts's billiard exhibi tions is now open at Woodman's Music Ware house, and as his Excellency the Governor is to be' present at the first exhibition on Monday afternoon a large number of seats have been applied for. Special arrangements have been made for the seating and for the comfort of patrons. MCSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. Professor Bousmard is still attracting a number of visitors to his novel illusion in Hindley-street, which will be open only a fortnight longer. 