Slow, I spent the Holiday. Bright and smiling broke Monday morning ?T-Monday night several other things were ' broke,' ene ot the brakest befng.New Chum. Like the Wooden-headed mnle I am, 1 volun teered to 'do' the Zeehan Athletic Olub Sports, fautead of wMch thev 'done' me— badly. Promptly at 1 1, 1 sallied down Main Street, «rith a bine aoa white rosette, that Phillipson, thechampien heavy-wewht seen-' Urj of the southern I.emUphere, pinned on to my manly bosom. Tbat rosette would have killed all fan .ferae, for had I to deport my self np to tbe dignity and importance it entailed, I would have ended, like most of the committee did, by. making , a howling failure of It; no'rhan, nhless'he's a very hard cltUeu, csnldgst respectably drank, witn. four yards of twisted ribbon fastened to bit cost, so I got behind HonibaU'a magazine and Rmevea it, (the ro'ette, not the magazine) I wouldn't mind taking in th. magazine: id I knew when to dispose of it nt a prioe. The Zeehan band spotted me and jfellowed me all lbs. way to the Sports' Reserve, playing music appropriate to the honor they wen jjajlns me. Probably 'it eras unintentional tbat they .wrestled off, ?? We'Jl never get drunk any mon,*1 and such like trifles, and 1 desln' them to understand tbat I forgive them. Arrirrd 'on the ground, a jwlite young man named Sid (it otfght to Uveoeen) Ah Sid, so childish and blnnd was he, invited me ' pop it down ' on tbe all absorbing game on ' Yankee Sweat' 1 did so' and never took it up again. From the door ot a boiing tent a little man with a big moustache chinned forth ' that ho barred' no man, elze, color, or oreed,' . and invited all and anntlry to ??step inside' and have a fall Greeknr noming, er Kach-as-Kaeh-Kan.' Kins'e tanglefoot was -patting in its fine strokes on tha brsjnpab' :oli» ?Vraspbeny .sicker ' who ajMepted'^lhs 'rinv)rtr .and,T in three mmntss* the , lime'V$ng i rnus^ched ? man had wiped tbe . sawdust' with him, aid iaitsc) ssrt'aj lniV «h btm as big-ss Hnpn spuds, I'htn , long T7illiam played a t»«oo ? rrpem, the. ,c»Hrm front of the countenance °(\ tlundas boy,' until he shed moreteaWffaabii j-oundB than he haa ainee helsft his mother's roof. .Dntchy, another champion and gore spiller, run%gainst a snag in the form of a three- cornered individnal, who couldn't use his tongue but conld hit hands. 1 hen New Chum trod on the toes of. a human torpedo, and was counted out. A challenge to no anything on two legs, any distance from a yard to a mile, remaining unanswered, 1 dubbed myself champioa. That title I now wear, in addition to sundry bruises. Just as I was preparinc to give an exhibition of high jumping, there came aleug the road two of the ' l'rirle and Poverty Brigade' on borrowed (or stolen) horses, galloping. That New Chum was not killed ia only due to the celerity of movement that many a time and oft' has enabled him to dodge his creditors. If there were any honor dne to this dodging of ghosts, New Chum would be highly grati6ed to join the 'Pride and Poverty Brigada of. Zeehan ;' for, next to running in debt, ron mng over people is ahout the easiest thing I know of, and seeing that I'm not bad at the fiBt I.hncy. I'll have a try at the second some day— that is if I can borrow a horse. My narrow escape bad the effectofsosbatteringmy nerves tbat, acting on the adviee of a constable to ' gfct ont of this,' 1 got^ and meandered homeward. Just ' to bring discredit on the Zeehan Athletic Club, I hoisted that rosette breast-high, and luffing up to the wind-with a . few tacks reached tbs palatial residence of Kerosine Tin Villa. Thus ended Prince of Wales' Birthday so far :u concerns NEW CHUM. 