Her Majesty's Theatre. Mr. George Rignold, in the production of the famous tragedy, 'The Corsican Brothers,' has achieved another of his great successes, and has reached a standard unapproached by any pre vious performance on the colonial stage, _ and it is doubtful whether any Continen tal or English representation of this play — immortalised to English people by the per formance of Charles K.ean — has equalled the pre sent. Whatever Mr. George Rignold undertakes, he does as well as unstinted use of the means available permits ; and only as a labour of love, combined with dauntless energy and a grand physique, can the colossal work of actor of chief parts and manager be so successfully undertaken as was proved in colossal works like ' J ulius Caesar,' the ' Midsummer Night's Dream,' &c.; The theatre on Saturday last was in some parts inconveniently crowded, and the consequent move ments in the upper regions caused some portions of the dialogue to be lost This ied to expressions alike disturbing to audience and actors, and when under such circumstances an actor-manager, con scious of having strained every power to secure success and satisfaction, for a moment is called to his natural self and commands silence, the tem porary destruction of the illusion he has built up, if not politic, is at least pardonable. The many important scenic effects and the rapid changes demanded of the actor who undertakes the dual part of Louis and Fabien dei Franchi make tbe representation exceedingly intricate and diffi cult, and it is .little short of marvellous that the first performance went so smoothly. Our readers mav remember that the story is based upon an episode in the life of Louis dei Franchi which ends in his death inaduel. Through the mysterious affin ity which in a greater or less degree is often mani fested between twins, Fabien dei Franchi becomes aware of this, sees in a vision, after hours of keen mental agony, the murder in a certain place, and, at once, acting upon the vendetta which devolves upon a Corsican, quickened by his warm love for bin brother, he journeys to the spot, meets and slays the murderer in fair fight, the spirit of Louis appearing as the . assassin lies dead. Of course, there is very much more in the plot, but the keynote is found in that mastery by which Fabien in Corsica knows what is happening to Louis in Paris. Mr. Rignold seen first in the picturesque Corsican costume is an imposing figure, and, as he tells his hearers, he prefers the freedom of mountain to the gaieties of town life, his home is the welcome gathering place of all comers, he is the pride of his mother, and re spected hy all. His genial diplomatic settle ment of the village feud is admirably ac complished, and the occasional sadness which anxiety for the fate of Louis in Paris causes is well displayed. The peasants' dance gives welcome life to the first act. The assumption of the character of Louis, the. man who, in the midst of gaieties, is possessed hy one idea, to guard the honour of the woman ne loves and save her from the wiles of a villain— who, : with his own heart crushed by- ? an affection which can never be rewarded, yet de votes every energy to guarding the object of thatjlove; puts Mr. Rignold in an admirable light' He has no desire for pleasure, and uses pleasure's haunts only as probable trysting places for the woman for whom he works. ? The ball scene was exceedingly clever, though in effect the old 6tyle wherein the whole stage was a ballroom was superior. This, however, would involve a long interval before the supper scene could follow, and iB wisely avoided. The duel was masnificent in. every movement and expression. There was in Fabien evi- i dence of the conviction that he was righteously ! engaged in punishing the murderer of his brother. j The great strength and consummate skill of his antagonist in no way daunted him ; but, with re- j lentless severity, he continued the struggle, assured of victory in the end. The audience sat spell-bound, and some who were present, and with keen memories of die fight between Charles Kean and Alfred Wigan had anticipated this portion with bome.doubt, were fain to confess that the new order was fully equal. The. change in the last scene, where the murdered Louis again appears, is, we think, a decided im provement on the old. style. In 1880, Clement Scott asked, ' Is there any reason why he (the ghost) should not be a pathetic and pleading ghost, advancing with outstretched arms towards the brother, or introduced coming gradually along the back of that enormous stage (the Lyceum) c ', Mr. Rignold has, we think, to a large extent answered the question. Miss Edith Blande, as Emilie de Lesparre, presents a superb figure, and acts with appropriate dignity and grace. ] Misa Mabel Tracy, as the mower of the . gallant brothers, deserves well, and Mr. H# R. Jewett, as Chateau- Renaud, fills a difficult part with great ability. Bid space permit very much more might be said of this pro duction. We shall, however, have further opportunities of giving details of what is un doubtedly an extremely thoughtful, elaborate, and artistic representation of a play which, though in the 'sensational class, is by no means merely a spectacular melodrama, but one in which, we pre dict Mr. George Rignold will be worthily associated in tbe future with. Kean of 1852 and Irving of 1880, and exceed the Intermediate repre sentations of Fechter and Brooke. 