THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, OCTOBER 6. The President (Sir H. Ayers) took the chair at 2 o'clock. LOBETHAL TWEED FACTORY. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copely), to the Hon. J. Warren. said that he had ascertained that the Lobethal Tweed Factory was on the Onkaparinga watershed. FREEHOLD LANDS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley), in reply to the Hon. F. Kuichauff, as to how it was to be accounted for that, compared with 1SS4-S, according to page 8 of the Agricultural Statistics in 1SS9-90 there were 230,S0lacrea less held in South Australia as freehold, and in 1890-91 still less, viz., by331,090 acres? said that the fizuresrelated to the area of land returned by freeholders as in their occupation. Since lSSi-5, as mentioned in the report, page 6, the course of land legislation had tended of late years to leasing the public lands instead of partina with the fee- simple, also that subsequent to 1SS4 1,802,769 acres had reverted to the Crown by forfeiture or surrender of the condi tional agreements for leases with right of purchase or otherwise. All credit selections were included in the return of land alienated, and as surrenders, &c;, came in the area was proportionately reduced. TnE COMMONWEALTH BILL. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley), replying to Mr. Baker, said the Government thought it desirable that the Assembly should, if possible, consider the details of the Commonwealth Bill in advance of the Council, and the Premier undertook to consult with him as leader of the Council as to the arrangements. He hoped the Council would fall in with this view. The expression that was reported to have been used by the Premier had not been uttered. What the Premier intended to say was that he would consult him on the question, so that arrangements could be made if possible in order that the details of the Bill could first be considered in the Assembly. He was willing to be guided by the decision of the Council on the matter. (Hon. J. H. Gordon—' You can't help yourself.') The Com monwealth Bill would be under the consideration of the Assembly that day, and it was hoped that good progress would be made with it. Should the Council be short of business it would then have to be a question for the Council whether the Bill should be considered in precedence to the Assembly. The Hon. R. C. BAKER asked for f uther irjormation. He had asked a question, the gist of which was which House the Government wished to consider the Commonwealth Bill first. So far as he under stood the Teply it was that the Assembly would consider it first, but under certain circumstances it would be a qnestion whether the Council would not consider it first, so that both Houses would be con sidering it together. He had to confess he did not understand the reply, and asked for the answer tc be Tint more clearlv. The Hon. W. COPLEY said lie had stated the matteras clearly as he couiu. ine Government thought it desirable if possible that the Assembly should hike precedence. VERMIN-PROOF FENCES. The Hon. E. WARD called attention to the reso lution recently carried in the Council by 17 members to G in reference to the erection of a veimin- proof fence. At that time it was not the policy of the Government to erect a fence. Subsequently, how ever, owing to certain action in the Assembly, a change had taken place. Ho asked the Commis sioner of Crown Lands in fairness to the Council to explain the present situation. The COMMIS SIONER of CROWN LANDS (non. W. Copley) said tho position was as Jlr. Ward h;id learned— that a Bill would be introduced for the erection of a fence, and the provisions ot that Bill would be so that the occupiers of land within a certain distance would contribute a certain proportion of the ex iwnsp The Hon. E. WARD asked if the Bill would -e early introuueeu, ana womu it uupaaseu uimugu ill its stages in one dav. This could easily bts dune. Oh, and laoph»er.)'The COMMISSIONER of 2ROWN LANDS could not say when the Bill nrould be introduced, but he did not think it would !ks passed through all its stages in one uay. Laughter.) COUNCIL CHAMBER. The Hon. J. V. O'LOG IILIN asked if Dr. Magarey, who had taken a prominent part in the subject, could give any information in reganl to the result of the resolution relating to shifting the place of meet iugforthe Council. The Hon. Dr MAGAREYsaid tliat he could not give any information in the matter. The resolution liad been referred to the Standing Orders Committee. The PRESIDENT said that the Standing Orders Committee had token all the steps in tlieir power. Hon. members would see that the subject was upon the Notice-paper of another place, but it had been there for some time. (Laughter.) SUITORS' UNCLAIMED FOND BILL. Received from Assembly with amendment agreed to. KANGAROO PROTECTION BILL. Received from Assembly, and on the motion of the lion. K. WARD read a first time. Second ending October 14. MINGARY AND MOUNT KOOLICA TRAMWAY. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LANDS (Hon. W. Copley) moved— ' That this Council appioves of a permit* being granted by the Commissioner cf Crown Lands under Fart VI. -f the Crown Lands Act, 1SS-S (sections lii, 124, and 125), for the use and occupation of so mucli of the lands leased for pas toral purposes :is may be necessary for the construc tion jind working of .1 tram war between Mingary and Mount Kooifca.' He said that the_ question had been under consideration for some time. The first communication Iiad been received from the Syndicate or promoters represented by Mr. Bleech niore on May 29, asking permission to lay down a tramwav to run ten iuiic-i, and then it was intended to state from Cuckburn. The Government re ferred the matter to tha Railway Commis sioners, and in reply to their report, which re qnireil more information, the promoters stated — 'I have the honour to inform you — 1. That the pauge of the proposed line of tramway is i ft. 2\. 1 he quantity of minerals proposed to be carried is upwards of £00,000 tons. 3. Tho description is iron ore for fluxing purposes. 4. It is not proposed to -rake an actual physical junction with the line of railway, but it is proposed to run the tramway on to the top of a cutting inside the Silverton Tramline near Cockhurn, and to tip tho minerals there into a bin, and from this bin the minerals would be dis charged into the Silverton Tramway trucks.' Hon. members would have noticed in one of the rooms a model of a tram to run on the 2-ft. gauge with trucks to tip on one bide and empty into other trucks or a bin. Afterwards the question was again consider1*! by the Railway Commissioners, anil they came to the conclusion that it would be undesirable that anothergauge should be laid down, and they interviewed the promoters, with the result that they (the Commissioners) reported as follows :— 'I have now been informed by the Kooifca and Mingary United Iron Flux Company, Limited, that they wish to construct a railway from Mingary tc Mount Kcoik.1, and having considered the reason.' ?we urge against the construction of the line on any other gauge, they have acquiesced in onr suggestion that the line should be on the 3 f L C in. gauge. '£( this we have no objection whatever to oifer, but 011 the other hand, having regard to tho additional traffic which will be brought on to the South Aus tralian Railways, to the profit which will accrue to the department from the arrangement proposed to be entered into for working the rrafiic from Koolka to Mingary, and the profit we skill derivt from haulage of so much additional traffic over tin Silverton Tramway, we are of opiuioii that even facility should bealFonle.1 ttie Company for carrying out the construction of the proposed Hue. We understand that the Company propose mitim; application that we shall work 'the traffiV, but this must 101m the subject of further negotiations together with the terms upon which they can bi affoided a connection with the siding in the Min gary yard, and in respect to which a:i agreamen! will at the proper time have to be entered into P-S. — The Government should reserve the right tf purchase the line if they should wish' to do so.' Upon that Cabinet considered the proposal, am thought that it would be necessary to havo a priv.vtt Bill for the line, and the Government promised that they would assist in the necessary Irgtslation. I; was pointed out that a private Bill would take : long time to carry through, and upon the distinc understanding tliat the piivate Bill would be ap plied for them xt- session the CSovernment wisliei to get both branclti-s of the Legislature to unthomi the Commissioner of Crown Lnm!s to give the n-jo.s siry permit for passing over the iiostcral lands. Tin promoters agreed to that in the following letter: - I.efcmng to our interview this morning ivitl respect to my application to construct a H111 of tranmay from Mount Koolka to Mingary I h-ivt the honour to point out to you that the'anulicatiot is made uiuler .sections i23 and 124 o' theCr.twi Lands A« t, JSS.e, arid the capitalists I represent fesl that in an undertaking of so much importance to ths Barrier mint-nl interests there cm be no doubt thai the licence wonld be fmiu time to time renewed. It is, however, ii.rendtd at the earliest opportunity to apply for a Bill for this tramway, but relyin' on obtaining a licence the necessary proceedlii'- Iiave not been taken for this session, and tht Bill cannot now be obtained until the next session. I may mention that the estimated cost of tht proposed tramway is £Sn,GOO. The ironstone fl.ix which it is intended to carry over this line of tram way Is urgently required, and with flux of tlit nature to be obtained at Mount Koolka the Birrisr mines can smelt their ore more freely and economi cally than under existing circumstance*. It is tin intention of the propioters of this tramwav to co:n mencetheeonstruction thereofat the earliest possible opportunity to en:-!-le them to supply this fiiix.' 1 here could be no two opinions as to the a-lvi«ible- ncss of giving every encouragement and facility to peisons willing to Lay down the line. Under tht Act referral to the Commissioner had po-ver ti- grant a etimit for laving down the line without ask ing ParHr.nient, but the Government felt that as it was a question of such importance, involving a lar'e expenditure, it would not be fair to Parliament to act without seeking its sanction. The motion was passed in the other branch of the Legislature without any opposition, and he anticipated a aimilai result. The Hon. R. C. P.AKER pointed out that there was another aspect of the qnestion which tho Com missioner of frown I^uul-s had not put. A short tune ago a deputation from the mines at Uroken Hill waited upon the Commissioners of Railwavs and pointed out the great advantage that it would be to .South Australia if the ore were brought down to the sea n«;ist at a cheap rate, and thesmeltina done in South Australia. The advantages woeld --e obvious. If they authorized the construction of the lite they gave the people of Broken Hill fa--ilities for smelting the ore at that place. He would not oppose the motion, because he would not pat obstacles in the way of private enterprise, but the two positions were directly antagonistic. Whenthe Bill which they would have next session came under discussion he did not think that the Select Committee to which the Bill would be referred or the hon. members would guarantee to accept all the details which the promoters mighc wish to have in the Bill. If the Kailway Coraniirsioners provided the Com pany with rolling-stock he hoped that they would get a better .sluire of profits than from the Silverton Tramway Coinjiany, :ind not run 35 miles for 0.1. a ton. The nrtti.il cost was 7d. per ton for the 35 miles, but he was not sare whether it -!M not include wear and tear. When the Bill came *o bo cf-nsu'ered in Committee he should try to provide that if the South Australian Railway Uocitmssionera were to run the traffic there would be a fiir profit -mt of it. The lion's share should g«» to the people who ran the risk in putting down the line. The Hon. K. WARD said it ought to l-e their unty and desire to encourage the application of private enterprise to the development of great enterprises they possessed in South Australia. The motion was a new departure. Was it to 1)2 a special concession t4i a particular people, or was it the Government- policy to give tho same facility to fl^Jf^n w»jo wished to undertake similar er.terpncs.' He gathered that there w;is ?w^ivtr? %°' f'rernmnil'R to «- percent, aa.1 that tLe -!epo,it was forty mites -hi™ Miuyirv. n*™i'Vii ^ abou» mty m«esfr«niMing^rV. He con K. tell the promoters where thev could anda large depot-it of ore, and rather more valuable within fourteen miles of Mingary, which might be rolled down in the trucks. He understood the pro moters were not in a position to bring in a Bill, and wanted a permit. If they gave the permit Parlia ment ought not to refuse the Bill afterwards. That being so they ought to know something of the obligations of the Company to carry goods for private persons. In a general sense he supported the resolution heartily, 3ml hoped that the pro moters would be induced to put down and keep down the line. Tfce Hon. J. DARLING intended to vote for the motion, but reserved himself perfectly free as to the details of the Bill. It would be a pity to repeat the mistake made about the Silverton Traai way Company. If the Government only received ninepence a ton for carrying goods 011 the Silverton line for thirty-five miles he' ceuld not understand the late action in raising rates to farmers from one shilling to two shillings a ton for five or six miles. The Hon. J. WARREN thought themotion would teed to increase smelting operations in South Aus tralia. If iron could be taken to Mingary. and there was limestone adjacent, it would bo cheaper to take coal up to Mingary and ore thither from Broken Hill to smelt there. He hoped that the tramway would be constructed, and chow the Government how expeditiously a cheap light line could |be put down, for the expensive mode of making railways in South Australia, had been a great bar to the development of ihe colony. (Hear, hear.) Ihe Hon. R. C. BAKER rose to make a correction with respect to the haulage rates on the- Silverton line. Speaking from memory he had stated that it was 9d. a ton. Perhaps it ?was Od. a ton that it cost the Government. Ua was not quite sure on the matter. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL supported the motion on the distinct understanding that other branch lines might be constructed by private enterprise. If a Company were villiug to construct a line from. Mannahill to Carrieton they should have the oppor tunity of doing so. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. A. R. ADDISON thought it would be far better for the Commissioner of Crown Lands to bring the motion on again, so as to fully answer the important questions out by Mr. BaKer and Mr. Ward. The motion simply gave a permit for a year, and the Company should have the protection of a Bill. Any other Company should have the same privilege. It was mentioned some time ago that if the Government would give a private Company the privilege of constructing a lino from Mannahillto Carrieton a line would have been made, and they would have had smelting works at one of the be3t ports in the colonv. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. H. GORDON said the Council was arguing beside the case, which was that each appli cation should be decided upon its own merits. The merit of that particular scheme was that it was absolutely and only a feeder to the South Australian Railways. (Hon. R. C. Baker-' Very little. Mostly the Silverton Railway.') To argue from flint. «-hpme tn one like that from Mannalull to Cameton was a reductio ad absuraum. seeing uie enormous interest we had in Broken Hill it would be a dog-in-the-manger policy to refuse the permit for twelve months, seeing that the Parliament could review the permit at the end of twelve months, and seeing that the promoters took the risk, and seeing that for conditions for twelve months they had the Government to fall back upon. The numerous blunders the Government had made would enable them to deal effectively in the matter of these conditions. (Laughter.) The risk of any injurious vested interest was very sinalL (Hear, hear.) The Hon. G. W. COlTON said the very inoffen sive looking motion opened up the large question whether tie present railway system of South Ans traii:: should be interfered with. He neither wanted to alter tho present system of railway construction in South Australia, nor did he desire to be unfair to persons who expended money in private enter prise. It was a subject that required great con sideration, without which no promise should be made to the persons constructing the proposed tramway. The Hon. Dr. MAGAREYsaid if it were under stood that the motion would be taken as a prece dent thev would need to be careful. (Hear, hear.) It would* have to Ikj conditional, and the risk would have to rest with the Company. (Hear, hear.) He was not sure whether the better nlan would not be to tliTow out the Government motion and allow the to take the usual course. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. BOSWORTH moved the adjourn ment of the debate. Negatived The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said, in reply to Mr. Ward, it was not intended that any special concessions would be made. He could not give any premise as to the motion being taken as a precedent, but each case would have to be taken on its [merits. The Government liad not committed themselves in the matter. The position at present was that a private Company asked for permission to lay down a tramway to work certain deposits on their own property. When the Bill cams forward would be the time to consider the matter in detail, and to look after the interests of the public. He hoped there would be no delay, as the promoters were ready to go on with the work. There was no analogy in the case cited by Dr. Campbell about a private line being Laid between Mannahill and Carrieton. The line to Mingary would not compete against but would act as a feeder to a Government line already existing. He had pointed out the risks to the representative of the Company, who had laid the matter before his Company. The urgency of the matter was great, and the Company was prepared to take all the risks, having confidence in Parliament that when the Bill caine forward it would be fairly considered. (Hon. K. Ward—' But the moti'ii pledges us.') Nothing of the sort. When the Bill cauie before Parliament membeii could treat the whole matter as if a permit had never been granted. (Hear, hear.) They should give every facility for the carrying out of such work. (Hoar, hear.) . The lion. A. A. KIRKPATRICK said ho woul.l vote for the motion on the distinct understanding that it did not pledge him to support the Bill. 1 he Hon. J. L. STIRLING thought there was in the motion an indication of an unusual conSdeiicc in the Parliament. That seemed to arouse suspicion at once. (Laughter.) It was the duty of Parlia ment to encourage public spiriteilness. Thopnsition was that those who voted for the motion would in dntv bound liave to support the Bill, but only on teniis satisfactory to the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) The lion. J. J.'DUNCAN nioved the adjournment 'of the debate till October 7. Carried on the follow ing division: — AYES. 13-Hons. Addison, Baker, Bnswortli, Campbell, Cliarleston, Col ton, Durlinjr. Outline. Kirkpatrick. Magarey, O'Lnguliii, Ward, and Duncan (teller). Noes, S— Hons. Gordon, Haslam, Kricliaulr, Simpson, Stirling, Tomkinsou, Warren, antl Copley (teller). Majority of 5 for the Ayes. BLOCKUOLDERS' LOAN BILL. Third reading. The Hon. J. WARREN said he would much rather give the land to the people and the money toe, making conditions that the laud should not !-u held other than by working men. The Hon S. TOM KINSON said tliat was one of the most mischievous Bills ever brought before Parliament. Its principle was utterly bad. They ?were trying to raise up a pauper class upon land that they could not make a living from. (Hon. R. R. Guthrie— 'They don't want to. They want it to assist them.') Such an avowal ought to be sufficient for members to reject the Bill. Bill read a third time on the following division:— Ayks, 12 — Hens. Addison, Campbell, Charles ton. Cotton, Darling, Gordon, Guthrie, Haslam, Kirkpatrick, Krichauff, O'Loghlin, and Copley (teller). Noes, 5— Hons. Boswoith, Simpson, Stirling, Warren, and Tomkiuson ^teller). Majority of 7 for the Ayes. Bill passed. ONKAPARINGA WATERWORKS BILL. Adjourned debate upon second reading. The Hon. W. HASLAM saM thai the whole question had been dealt with so comprehensively by Mr. Martin and Mr. Warren that he did not intend to enter exhaustively into it. The importance in a dry country like ours of a good water supply could not be over-estiinated. There luul been for some time three schemes before the country. He referred to the Happy Valley, Milibrnok, and the Barossa schemes, (lion. J. V. O'Loghlin — ' Four or five others.') They were the three principal ones. The Happy Valley and Millbrook possessed many advan tages, but at the same tinje he believed in the Barossa they had one possessing all the advantaec3, so far as Adelaide was concerned, together with providing the means Ly which tens ot thousands of :icres upen which merely a subsistence was nor obtained -:ou!-l be worked in a vastly more profit able way, both for the individual and the count ly j;ei:erally. He had no intention to set up his opinion against those of experts, so for as the woiking out of the various scheme*, but lie did think the day was past when they were to accept absolutely the opinion of even experts, apart fr.!;u their own judgment, lion, members would give him credit for acting without bias in the matter, but he did think th-it the evidence pointed to the conclusion that Mr. Brown was introduced into this country a few months ago in order to report in favour of the Government scneiue. He contended that the three schemes hail not been dealt with on thtir merits, and he was desirou* tliat that should be done, consequently he was in favour of the whole of the schemes being referred for further enquirv. If it was subsequently f'und tliat either the Happy Valley or the others p-i ?.-.?s.sedmost advantages then he woiild do all he ci'-.ii-i to assist the Government to pass the Bill into law. A question involving the expenditure of over half a million pounds could not and ought not to be considered lightly, and only after the very fullest information sltrrald tho thing I-e acted iijioii. Mistakes and errors of judgment hau been made in the past, which served only' to empha size the necessity for great cautiousness now. When the Bill was before the Assembly last session the second reading was lost by a majority of three votes. Sir John Downer's motion tliat ihevliriousproposals be referred to a Royal Commission was lost by one vote, and Mr. Hancock's amendment was agreed to, vix.:— ' Th.at the services of an eminent expert be obtained for the purpose of assisting and examining and reporting on the various water conservation schemes in the colony.' The Government engaged Mr. Oswald Brown to come out and advise on the matter. Shortly before Mr. Brown's a.-rival Sir J. Downer wrote to the Premier, asking what instructions were 'o be given to Mr. Brown, and the Coraniiss-ioner of Public Works replied as follows: ? ' In requesting Mr. Brown to report oa the various schemes the Government will not restrict Mr. Brown to the best scheme for supplying Adelaide only, but will request him to reoort oirthe matter, having in view the interests of the colony generally, both ss to domestic supply and ' irrigationl' He assumed that the instructions given to Mr. Brown were in accordance with that intimation. He was bound to say, however, that nnfortnmitelv, on a careful perusal of Mr. Brown's report, he saw no evidence of that aspect of tho qnestion havins been considered by him at all, as in fact ho appeared to have confined himself exclusively to the con sideration of an additional supply for Adelaide and its neighbourhood, and had made merely a superfi cial reference to the question of irrigation. This was a matter that must be looked at. as far as pos sible, from a national standpoint. The colony as a whole would have to find the money. :uul also pay the interest on the cost of the works until the income from them was sufficient to meet it. They were bound, therefore, to accent only that scheme which promised the greatest advsntuges from the larger standpoint. There was no doubt tliat Adelaide required a larger supply, and the city was willin' to pay her fair share of the cost. He did not oppose Adelaide getting an increased supply, onlv he slid that the scheme brought in opposition ti Happy Valley promised to give a good increase to the city, a« well as alargersupplv to Uiesurroundingcountrv With respect to the country between Gawler and the Peninsula it, eou'.d be shown that w»tc» v as required even far worse than it was in Adelaide. They lia.l seen tiiat during the winter mouths farmers were constantly carting water for domestic and stitk purftoses. (Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin— 'What liave they done for the L-ts5 tweaty vears.') What lii-rition would the farmers have been in to- day if they had not hail to cart water5 Now they liad ascheme that would relieve them- it was -their dutv to strain every nerve to afford relief to the fanners. Unfortunately iu the greater part of Hut district water could not be obtained by sinking. Numbers of farmers had spent hundreds of pounds in putting down wells, and bores have been put down by the Government at the Agricultural College, Rose worthy, at Wasleys, and at Port Wakefield, but without success in rinding good water, or even water fit for stock. Another advantage, ct the Barossa scheme undoubtedly was that tlie Agricultural College at Roseworthy could be used as an object lesson in irrigation, 'which would be of incalcu lable value both to our farmers and the students.' It had been stated tliat the water at the important manufacturing Town of Gawler wiis deteriorating in quality; that the wellfroin which it w;is derived could not be relied upon, as in Marcbj, lto-3, it tem porarily faildd, and the manufactories tberu had to cease work. At the present time he believed water was having to be carried from Islington for railway requirements because the water froui the Gawler well was injurious to the boilers. On carefully studying Mr. Brown's report it appeared to him that he had not acted on his instructions to have ' in view the interests of the colony generrJlyr' but had limited his consideration to an additional supply for Adelaide; in fact, the report did not pretend to be anything else. It began with:— 'I have now the honour to report upon the works recommended to be undertaken for providing an. additional supply of water for the City of Adelaide anil surroumling districts.' In the middle of his report he said:— ' It becomes my duty to choose f rum among them the one best suited in mv opinion for meeting the future requirements o'f toe Adelaide water district,' and ended with— 'The final conclu sion- at which I arrive is- that to provide an adequate further supply for tho City of Adelaide.' Mr. Brown had certainly not made any reference to the advantage that the Barossa scheme pos sessed of being, able to supply both town and countrv. He gave full particulars of the needs of Adelaide, but none of the dry country to the north of Gawler. His references to irrigation were of the most meagre character, and there was not a word about the Agricultural College, the railways, or Gawler. With respect to the purity of tho water there was no doubt that Mr Brown ha.d made a most serious mistake, anil the explanation given by the Engineer-in-Chief not only connrmed Mr. Wincey's statements, but proved conclusively that what Sir. Brown said was a comparison of the ' ordinary flow' of the two rivers was nothing of the sort. Mr. Brown stated that purity of Writer must be studied from two points of view — the ordi narv flow of the streams and the flood waters. The fact that heavy rain tell during three days on the one watershed at the time the water was taken for analysis and none for four days on the other was proof enough that flood water was in one river and net in the other. The Engineer- in-Chief said— ' No instructions were given that flood waters were to be avoided, and the samples were taken regard less of the quantity or quality of the water at that time flowing in the respective creeks.' And yet water taken under these conditions, whore no attempt was made to exclude- 'flood waters,' and ..Ikii-u 41iava u*uc avarrnTWif th*-fr **flnnil WM-fcPI*** WAS in it, was wnat Mr. .urown caueu orui nary flow.' At the close of his report Mr. Brown boiled bis conclusions down to recommending the Onkaparinga scheme as contain ing the best water and largest- watershed with the greatest rainfall. He would take the liberty to read a short extract ftum a speech in another place. ^President— ' The hon. member cannot do that. ' Hon. R. C. Baker—' What district did he repre* sentV') The hon. centleman he referred to Knew more about the District of Onkaparinga than- Mr. Brown did, and than many gentlemen who. had given evidence for the Happy Valley scheme. That gentleman stated that he had itood on a certain bridge, and the smell of the water which went down the river, and which would supply Adelaide, was most offensive; tliat the Onkaparingit was a large agricultural and manufacturing district, the Lohethal factoiy abutting on its source— all contributing to the impurities of the water. The Happv Vallev scheme would only provide a supply for' the City of Adelaide and suburbs, and only a very limited supply for irrigation by the con struction of another reservoir at BeyneUa. From the evidence taken hy the Barossa Water Commis sion it was clearly proved that in dry seasons it would be impossible to obtain any further supply from the Onkaparinpi than was already stored in thereseivoirs; and that therefore the limit of the supply for the summer season, when the bulk of the water was required for domestic, stock, and irrigation purposes, was what had been stored during the winter months. The country below the sites of these reservoirs was not in need of a water supply — had never asked for it, and all that was wanted could be obtained from wells of no great depth. On the other hand the Barossa reservoir would supply not only as much as the Happy Valley for the use of Adelaide and suburbs, bnt beyond that there went the urgent needs of the dry, waterless country from Gawler to the Peninsula which would be met, while the quality of the supply at Gawler and for the railways would he improved.' In addition there would be a large quantity for irrigation, which could after waids be increased from the North Para, River. He was therefore Isountl to say that the interests of the colony would be better served by the Barosaa than Lby the Happy Vallev scheme. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt that the Barossa water scheme would become one of the viost reproductive works inthecolony. The cliar£%£iut was made for the water .at present he believeifjwpjKjd from Is. to Is. Od. per l,(X!0 giills. If Adelaide took as much water as was used now for domestic purposes (1,300.000,000 galls, at Is. per thousand) the revenue would be £05,000. If Adelaide took water for gardens, -fc?. (l?.xeo,GOO,C«o galls, at M. per thousand) the revenue would he £10,250. If the country for domestic and stock purposes took say l,300,000,00f» galls, at Is. i-er thousand, that meant £65,--CO. If the country took water for irrigation; gardens, Ac. (say S.mi.COO.ijOiJ galls, at 3d. per thousand gallons) the income would be ?£-?«, TW. (lion. K. C. Baker— ' Good many ifs.') Very low estimates, the total being 7,CCO.iiOC','*O galls., and the total revenue *IrrV»-, which equalled f. per cent, on i'3,70O,0-». Not the rnott prejudiced opponent of the Barossa si-hcine could say that it would cost half that amount, so that the prices of the water conld ulti mately be reduced nearly half, and yet leave a laige icarjiin of jn-ollt. If such results as those conld bs obtained from the B;iro?sa scheme, anil he believed they could J.e leached and within :i reasonable time, then it was in the interest of Adelaide :is well as the country, in fact of the colony, that the Barossa scheme should be adopted in preference to the Happy Valley. Having those views, he sin cerely trusted that the Council would reject the Bill now before it with the idea of having the whole of the merits of the various schemes thoroughly con sidered with a view of arriving at a ju«t conclusion alike in the interests of all concerned. The Hon. A. 51. SIMPSON said a better supply of water for Ailelatde was necessary. lie quoted an estinct from a letter of the Engineer in-Chief s, dated November (!, 1S«-, in which it was stated that the surely of water of times ran i»eri!o'.i«ly low. The consumption had increased sine- that lime owing to the enlargement of the sewerage system. It would ?€cw that Mr. Haslam had not read the report of the rnrossa Commission, for seven-eighths of tiie nieuil'cis leconrmcndetl ilapyj Valley. This scheme had hcen endorsed by an exntirt hydraulic engineer. He would not like to be in the shoos of those members vrlw voted against this Bill -should such a catastrophe as a water famine cc-me to the City of Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. R. C. BAKER said that the opponents ot the measure had laid great stress on the fact that t hey were acting from a national standpoint. It was astonishing how the national view veered round r.ccordicg to the partieuUir district the member happened to represent. (Laughter.) If he found that his opinions on a subject differed from that of experts who hail special facilities for giving an opinion he would begin to think he was biassed. lhs.t was the position with Mr. Martin and Mr. Iftislam, who were so fond of informing them that they took their stand on mtional grounds. (Laushter.) Wluit was the use of en gaging experts to report on anything unless their oninjons wereaccepteil. orif thevwere toheolooi-tml to by iremiiers oil Lational grounds. This iiiufonaT argument was ail hnuibug. (Laughter.) If they looked at the whole matter from a common sense point of view they would see tint on the one hand they had a flowing river, having the largest How of any other river in South Australia, while on the other hand they had a dry ditch. (Laughter.) He had been told by a mamber that the ditch was not a dry on*-*, but that the water ran underground. (Laughter.) He had represented the District of Barossa in Parliament and on the occasions that he visited the localitv the ditch was dry. (Laughter.) Mr. Haslam hail re lerred to the tweed factorv and refuss, but it was well known that the action of air and earth on water purified it. This was shown iu the cue of the Scwcge Fiuin, where the water after passing through the ground was said to be fit for drinking. As to the question of irrigation it would bi im possible with a limited supply of water to carry on any estentire scheme. An enonnons quantity of water was required for irrigatir.j: purposes. He had seen irrigation carried on in America^ .and members could have no idea unless they had teen inig.-.tion works the enormous quantity of water required for a small area. Mr. Haslam said it itnnld bean object lesson for the students at the .4 gi {cultural College. The most useful lesson to give stmUr.ts was how to farm in ilrv country. UJiar, hear.) It was quite clear that unless they had a fm ther supply of water in Adelaide to serve the purposes of »!eep drainage there was ibvnger of a pestilence. (Hear, hear.) The object of the oppo nents to the Bill was simply to delav and burk the Onkapatinga scheme in order to briug about their own jet fad, which they called a national scheme, which was in realitv a water suiiplv for Gawler. ( IU ar, hear) The Hon. I-. M. CHARLESTON said that the question of a water supply for Adelaide had of Lite caused him considerable thought, especially since he 1 ad leomeil the true position in which they stcotl. The rains tliat had fallen since the adjourn ment had relieved them from considerable anxiety concerning the crops and supplv of water for -Ic -mo-tic and stock purposes in the'drv country dis tricts, where it was needed so badly. The city reservoirs had been replenished, which iiad eased the teiii-ion on the minds of their officials. That was a double cause for sratitude, for they fully realized the vast importance of a surKcient'sniiplV of pire water for a city like Adelaide, with deep drr.majre and growing population. The dreadful calamity that would befall ns if onrsnpplv of water sbtuld fail would be of .a harrowing character too fearful to contemplate. Thus far the droughts had always broken up before our supplies had been ex hausted. Ye: the officials informed them that we lad frequently been near the point of alarm, so i:e;ir that it was imperative to at once p.iss a measure to make piovision for a larger reserve and yearly supply. Since the question could not bo s-iiftly delayed any longer they must fries the subject from a rational .-tan.lpoint irrespective of all personal predilections. In that spirit he had endeavoured to stmly the subject. lie had read the sj-.eeches delivered in that aud the other Chamber, and carefully analysed the report of Mr. Brown and others who had been called upon to give an authoritative report. The conclusion of the Barossa Coicnrission was thought to be somewhat prejudiced, and legislation on the subject being blocked in the other Chamber, a compromise was n;ai!e to this effect, tliat if Mr. Brown, well known in the colony as an expert hydraulic engineer and a man of strict integrity, should be brought out from Krgland and supplied with every available oppor tunity to get information as to* the best means of suppljiig the City of Adelaide with an adequate quantity of water in ths event of a prolonged diought, his_ decision was to be their guide. 'He came, investigated, and reported most eniphaticallv in favour r.t the Happy Valley scheme. That settled the doubts in the minds of manv honourable members in the other place, and the* Bill before them was carried by a Large majority. Through the Barossa Committee in Gawler they had hail promi nently brought before them the claims of Gawler acd various 'other places, which they showed very forcibly were greatly in need of water. Thev said Hint- fanners ha«» to t-art water during busy seasons, and through that cause were sometimes 'forced to leave their farms- to their big neighbours anil sheei-. Thns they broadened out the question into one of national policv, namely, the retaining of farmers upon the' soiL' In representiiij: their claims the .Gawler. Com niitteu certainly had not spared the opponents of tfce Barnssa. scheme* Thev liad brought to light many apparent incousisteacxes which he would like explained, because they weakened tho value of Mr. rown'a report in some important particulars. That was especially seen by his reference to the average of impurities. He had fourteen months' data given- to him, but he commenced his calculations from- the month that Barossa waters contained the highest percentage of solid matter, viz., 7-23, which was abnormally high because of the 3oods .on tliat jeeasion. He did not, apparently, concern himself much as to theconditions under which the- dafcvgiven him were obtained. He cast aside Mr. Mestayer s idea of securing the greater storage possible by nirrying the dam seventeen feet.hlghss than Mr. Moncrieft' suggested was necessary for a storage of r,000,000,OCO, and his measurement as to the differ ences in the heights of the dam was peculiar. He ?ave one from the top of the foundation and the Dther from the bottom, thus milking a gre;it ilifference in the estimated cost of the dam. Still the Gawler Committee had not proved tliat the question of a supply of water for the districts and places men tioned by them was not considered- by. Mr.. Brown. Bis primary duty was to get a pure and adequate supply of water for the City of Adelaide and suburbs, and that was, he presumed, the primary object with them all, and Mr. Brown's conclusions were most emphatically pronounced iu favour of Happy Valley. The nature of the country in the catchmeiiiarea ought to hare been, if it were not, well known to him, because of his previous residence here. From what he saw wf the. Barossa site an«l surrounding country — when Mr. Martin Mndly took his colleague and himself there a shore time-ago— he was most favourably impressed. The gorges were deep, hills steep and rocky, with cpmparatively little soil upon them. J'idging from its b;irrecness he should say it could not possibly carry a popula tion, and the site for the Jam was well chosen, and Mr. Martin evidently hrA studied the subject out thoroughly. It was told them that nearly half of the catchment area was. Crown laads and free from such alluvial and debrU as would cause- a Kiting up of the dam. But M7. Brown evidently did not believe in the freedom of the-, water from solid matter, especially at lood jtime, and, pronounced the storage of flood wattrs .-us fatal So its selection for a city supply. But Mr. Wincey's calculation showed the impurities to le intiniteshnal. Mr. Moncrielf opposed the Bar-ssa scheme, and only esti mated on a reservoir of a 7,000 million capacity, saying it was useless to increase the storage capacity beyond ojaj year's ordinary rain, ignoring the fact tliat.H,0(h),ffOO,UOO could be stored with a slight cost in inaldns. the dass. In studying the reports of Mr. Bronn and. Mr. Jloncrieff he wns forcibly struck with tht? slight courtesy Mr. Mes tayer's scheme, received, seeing that Mr. Mestnyer was an acknowledged, autliority on hydraulic engineering. Evidently, the Commission placed too much stress upon rirsirian rights, for, as tho plan he had before him snowed, the Kawler River gets its supply qf silt ahapst entirely from a catchment, independent of th» catchment whence the South Para lose; a fast which since known caused Mr. O'Lbehlin to. casfe. nside the rinarian rignts question. Mr. .Urown, altuoagu ignor ing the idea of Mr. Mestayer for a ressr foir of 14,009,000,000, certainly did not over look, the requirements of Gawler and the district north of it, but he purposely disassociated from his mind all connection between water for irrigation purposes and, that of a supply for the City of Ade laide. If the Legislature was satisfied that it would pay to. provide water for irrigation along the Gawler Plains northward to Ilainley Bridge, and the intervening country between that and CJreen's Plains, then he said plainly that the Barossa was a most suitable site. He thought Mr. Brown under stood the value of conserving water in this colony, but as his primary object was to report on a supply for Adelaide which should meet all possible require ments for many years, he- would not advise the adoption of a scheme that included the use of flood waters. Although some of the arguments brought forward hy the Gawler Commission appeared very well, yet he feared to accept them and pass by tbs opinions of such a specialist and expert as Mr. Brown was. The question was— Did Mr. Brawn, whose stay was very limited for the task imposed upon him, have time to complete it? He took all his data from those supplied, which were of a limited character, respecting tUe.ganging*, and not altogether satisfactory to ths. Engineerin Chief. Ihe gaugings at Clarendon, for instance, were taken durinz a fairly wet year, when one at least of tho mines, viz., the Bird-in-Hand,' was stopped, which, if working, would with, her two pumps have sent down the Oakaparinga a. consider able stream of water and slimes. He had received the following letter, under date October 2: — 'In reply to your enquiry I beg to say that 1 was Engi neer at the Bird-in-Hand Mine, near Woodside. for about eighteen months. I let!; thsre about two years ago, when the mine stopped. Since then it has changed hands, and now belongs to an English Company, who. I hear, will shortly resume work there. While I was there t-lio ore was simply Clashed (without roasting), and the water from the stampers was run into two settling pits, and when it left them it was still very dirty, and I have seen the .slimes in the creek leailing to the Onkaparinga more than two miles below the mine. There is a considerable quantity of pyrites in the oi-o in this mine, from which the gold will have to bo liberated by roasting previous to being put through the ba tery. The fumes from the roasting furnaces must necessarily be spread over the country, and ulti mately be washed by rain into the Oukapannga Biver. 1 he remainder of the injurious properties of the ore being liberated from it by the roasting will be mixed with the water in passing through ths battery lor crushing, and this water will also and its way into the same river. I may also say the old Gnuiibal Mine was worked for copper, and the Balhannalt Mine the same, and the* ore from the latter has been found to contain silver-le.nl.' It it was true that the mine wa3 bought by an English Company, who intent!*} to roast ths ore, '&z.;, they might possibly get the fumes— nerhaps con taining Jtrsenic— settling on the land to be washed into the river by the rains, besides what might b j passed en from the water used in crushing.' That taken In conjunction with the petition scat by the Onkapariuga District Council protesting agaiust the passing of the Bi'l, fearing it would prevent their development as a mining and manufacturing district, might if known to Mir. Brown at the time have caused him to enquire more tally into the divt.i supplied him respecting the purity of the water. And he thought it would be well for the Govern ment to make some enquiries on that point before proceeding with the Bill. The time luul arrive! when they should have placed before them a defiiiita scheme for conserving water in various parts of the colony, to be carried out as mean3 aad circum stances demand. After fifty years' experience, it there was one thing more than auothet they bad come to a_ definite conelusi -u uyjn it was the necessity of conserving water. The nappy Valley scheme did, he admitted, form a complete figure in itself on any plan that may be de vised. In carrying out that plau they must con sider,— 2. Where the water is most needV? aiid. f.^j what purple. 2. The financial aspod. that they would be obliged to turn their attention tart-ire in tense culture was, he believed, generally admitted. Wheat cultivation Mas becoming more unprofitable owing to the censtant- growing competition of countries more favourable' to the growth of cereals. Fruits and wines had a splendid prospect before them. The disturbed state of the European Con tinent luule fair to open up an unlimited market foi our fruits and wines, and with a supply of watei conserved for irrigation they might ycc'heable tt pimluce millions of wealth from our plains, gullie--, and hillsides. The Bcetaloo scheme would furnish them with information resjiectin^ the value and uses that water could be 'protit ably devoted to by farmers. The experimt-nl was costly, and should be fairlyand honestlv trieti before they plunged tbemseives into irretrievabk debt. The point with them now was should thev pass the .second reading of the Bill, or should thev delay it, which might mean the stopping of the Bill for this session, and a further dangerous delay it: providing for the imperative necessity of giving ti the city an assured supply of water. To thr«— the opinions of tin exptrtlikp '? ..nu«l ?'?'-?? ? ' ' ? . — ??? i««r.vn( ami wk- _,__. — -K.WJ1W *wpon»tuility of depending 01 flood waters for tkiiieStie iwes was no light unUer although they knew that the ruoit eminem specialists sometimes failed to grasp the entire no*i m''t'?,'} s'Te a wonS decision. If tiiey .lelavetl Ihe I,ill by the appointment of a. Special or Kova Commission what more could be laid before hon members than had been presented to them? Even possible objection had been brought forward by the Gawler-Barossa Committee and' laid before lion, members in that and the other Chauioer, and from what he ccnJd gather no other scheme than this would have the ghost of .1 chauce to pass the othei Legislature. The Barossa scheme v.-.a-3 spoken favourably of as .1 separate scheme from that of a city supply,and the GawIer- UarossaCuumiittee were everywhere commended for t heir zeal and patriotism in peisistently advocating the scheme thev sincerely believed would be the best in the interest of the coIuev; and they had mnch to justifv their energy and patriotism, ami deserved everv*co:t-ider;-tio7i The district Councils and the people along th« route, they proposed to supply were awakening M thesdvantagesof a reliable water supplv, and had petitioned them to consider their claims* which un doubtedly would receive due attention from that and the other Chamber. (Hear, hear } The Hon. J. B0.SWORTU supported tlie amend ment, and though he could scarcely find iibw matter to introduce into the debate ' he wished to emphasize one or two point-*. The cavalier and fcbaraeful manner in which Mr. Martin had been treated in shutting him ont of the Barossa Commis sion .alone entitltd the subject to have more con sidfnition. The sources of supply for the rival schemes were entirely different.' One was a prolific country and the other barren. One nr.ist ba t-rowded with gardens and farms, wiiich would In kept up by strong manures, and the other would carry no population. AH the rains would tlnd their way through objectionable- matter on the ground into a. river, and typhoid c«rins had ? been found to travel for 'miles. 'Ihe Barossa district was sparsely populated, ron^e quently the_ water would not lie subjected to the same impurities as Happy Valley. Another matter that should carry weight was tluat the district be tween Gawler and K;ulina was almost wateil*.-.?, and the District Council had petitioned for :c better supply of water. The country in the watershed was auriferous, and chemicals would be use-i in the treatment of ores which would have :ui inimioa* effect on the water. He hoped ths uuiendicens would be carried, so that a more representative body should make further enquiries. (Heir, hear.) 'Ihe Hen. S. TOMKIXtiOX said lio had great objections to loan Bills, but he liad never had much doubt as to the relative merits of the waterworks scherces in question. There was no doubt a furt'ier supply of water was urgently required as soon as it could be obtained. It had clearly been shown th.at there was some danger in delaying the scheme. (Hf:ir. hear.) On the motion of the Hon. A. A. KIRKPATKICJC the debate was adjourned t ill October S. PLACES OF PUBLIC AMUSEMENT BILL. In Committee. Schedule B. The COMMIS SIONEE of CROWN LAXDS (Hon. \V. Copley) said some objections had been raised and doubts expressed as to whether the Bill applied to the country. Clause 1 showed the Bill on'v anplied to Adelaide unless there was a petition to extend it. To make this clearer he proposed to recommit and alter clause S. First and second lines passed. Third line—' Concert-room andLecture HalL' The Hon. J. J. DUNCAX asked how th ? charges had been made up. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS said the Bill had been drawn up at the in- stance of the City Corporation, and no doubt the Town Clerk liad a good deal to do with it. and was guided by the Acts of other countries. The Hon. W. HASLAM asked if the Bill applied to religious bodies. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS did not think, they would be brought under the Bill. The Hon. F. KRICHAUFF ssid it seemed to him that the Town Clerk wished to get high fees. The charges were too high. The Hon. R. C. BAKER agreed that the fees were too high. It was absurd that Lecture Halls, which were perhaps only used once a year, should be charged £12. There was the Democratic Club, for instance. That would have to pay the fee, but of course they conld well afford it. (Laughter.) He was not sure that Lecture Halls should pay at all. The Hon. Dr. MAGAREY took the same view, and moved that the line should be struck out. Carried. Line 4—' Pancing saloons and skating rinks.' The Hon. S. TOMKLNSON asked whether fees were enacted at present and what thev were. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWX LANDS said there was a law in force, and the annual licence-fee was £5, quarterly £2, and monthly £1, and 5s. for eaca night up to six nights. The Hon. B. &. BftKBR s*id the Town Hall was used for dancing. ..^ Would that have to pay the fee of £7? (Hob. P. Krichauff — ' That would go into their . own pockets.') Well, take the German . Clulx The Hon. Dr. MAGAKEY hoped the Una would bo carried. Dancing saloons were a curse, and should be heavily taxed. They had to obtain a licence. A large amount of mischief was done by, them, and they should be discountenanced. They -.vere worse than public-houses. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN iiuestioned whether the words would not apply to the Town Hall, and also could be made sip^Uc able to persons who went to tha enormity of having s, dance in a private, house. He did not wish it to apply to the Town Llall. The Hon. W. COPLEY— It la not the wish of the Government to applv it tx--the Town Hall. The Hon. A. It. ADDISON said the clause required sove definition. Countsy '.Institutes frequently l«t their lialls for dancjf--..Hi)a. W. COPLEY— It does not apply to the auuntry. The question was whether it was open to-, the- public. The PRESIDENT— H everybody carbcome in then it is. The Hon. K. C. BAKElt, said .that-if there was a charge for admission everybody wmild not be admitted. The matter required seme definition. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN asked fosa-defiaition of 'public.' The Hon. W. COPLKY said, that the word meant everybody and angjjody irom the Governor downward. The Hon. Cri, atlGAREY said that then the i;ir. was useless.. AIL that was necessary was to make it a close alfcur acdevade the BilL The PKESIDENT thought Shatskating rinks should be separated. The Hon. it; S: BUTHRIE had found that many Friendly Societies let their halls for private assemblies anil qua-&ille; classes, and antler the Act those halls would. Ike classed as dancing saloons. That would pr^yent the Friendly Societies letting their halls for -inncLag. Dancing saloons should be denned as pfyces where dancing, was carried on to the profit of ti\e.owaerof the hall. Iu regard to skating rinks th^.fee need not be so high, but it was absolutely necessary that tbere should be some charge, so inai She Corporation officials could see that therfe were proper exits in case of firs- ami disturbances. The Hon. Dr. MACiAREY s-ud that clause IU gave the Governor power to irv?i.e exemptions. Tlie Hon. R. C. BAKER pointe-imit that, the el-\use..did not refer to the schedule. ' Chuse VI ' suul every Church must have a man ™jtk uniform ant: with the word ' fire' on it in clucge. The Bill was badly drafted. 1 he Hon. F. K^LCliAUFF ilrj«ght that Athletic Halls should be exempt. The Hon. G. W. COlTON agreed with Ms. OvUirie. Th'6 Hon'. A. M. SIMPSON said the best thing wor^rt be for the Government to bring in a now Bill. He nioved— ' That the Chairman lshve the chair.'^ Carried. AGRIC LTUR^L HOLDING? .RILL. The COMMISSIONER of Cr4nV.1V LANDS (Hon. W. CunlevV. ai iiiovin-r the iecond reaain-r. referred to tlie necessity that fippeared for its introduction. Whea the Bill wn*. introduced into another place there were some additional provisos in it which had be?n struck out. The p.irt which had been struck out woiild havir been a beneficial one indeed. Th* Bill was to eitfourage the holders of land to make the best use »f the property they bad. Any one- travelling abwt the country would see the difference between p-^pperties held on lease hold and freehold. As far freehold, he did not believe any i-ther system -*ould. eqmd it, whether for piivate people or foe the'StatQ/ $Hon. B-. M. Charlestoa — 'Perpetual leases.') That was one of the msst impossible orfads, antf.aever could be worked. If they could get peg-etual leases at a fisedrsntit was equal to.freehoiii. The owner of land, let out on pwpejual leases wanted to get held of the uncaiaedliiicrerae-nt— (Hon. D. M.' Charleston — 'Laud tax would prevent that.')— ani wanted a revision of the rent from time to time, so -.jractically the perpetual lease was simply :i ler.so from one revision of rent to the nest. Freehold had worked well not only in this colony but ir* tho other countries. The trouble in the past has! been that at the termination of the leases the tenant had no light to the improvement which he luu\ carried out when he was on the land. As the result of long terms of leases the tenant in all probability woidd make proper use of the land. His experience of tenants was that they endeavoured, especially when the leases were nearly run out. to get all they could out of the land without any regard to the state of the land when they left it. He knew some land owned by a Bank which wanted to sell it, and would not lock it up for a long period. They only let it for three years, and the object of the tenant was to get as much us he possibly could out of the land, regardless of the state of the place when he left. The tenant was afraid of in creased rental being cliarged for the renewal of the tenancy owing to expenditure of his own labour and money. (Hear, hear.) Tliat luul been one of the canses of the very great trouble brought on in Ireland. In one part they had liad tenants' rights for many years,' and there had. nave*- been anything like the same dissatisfaction and trouble as in other parts. Unti' recent years there had never been a law on tho tnbjeot in* England, owing j to the c'ass of landlord*, most of whom were j wealthy and high-minded men, who never took ad- j vantage of tenaats bnt assisted them in the making ; of improvement*1. In this colony there was a groat ! deal o{ ttissatisfaciion on the part- of tenants, mote ispecialSy those of the South Aua- ] tr&liau; Coiipaiiy, wlso were the largest land- , holders in the colony in resaect to agvi- | cultaral lands. Those tenants.- !»ul no claim for \ improvements carried out .-during, the currencv of i the h-ase. He was not goisi to say a word agaiust ; the S-'outh Austral-iui CorajiS\y as landlords, as he j believed in many oases thcj^^id endeavoured to cany out their duties exsecuiiifily well, and had not enforced the highest rental they could have got, while at the same time they had always chosen the best available men as tenants. Tlie Company had refrained from giving, loiij; leases, and the more highly improved the' hridlacs were the greater fear the tenants had of paying. Increased rental at the end of their teiwr.ey. The .Bill was intended to get over the difficulty,' but. while giving rights to the tenants it was not proposed to deal unfairly with landlords. It did'' not interfere with existing lenses. The Bill was drawn, en the lines of tli8 Impel ial Act, which liad worked exueedimrly weM. While it would not injur« t!iu fair-minded land lord, it compelled the landlord who was in clined to be harsh to deal more fairly with the tenant. It would he found on examination that the. It milord was protected against having to pay for extravagant or useless iniprjvements. The tenant h id to give notice of. the improvements Us wished to 11 ake, and yiayineut would only be lU-a'Jo on the value of the improvements to the in.iomiKg tenants. 1 he lights of the landlord were protected in that I19 uiiaht object to improvements beingmade.and if he c-jitld not come to terms with the tenant the whole, question would be refened to arbitration. Clause u intended to encourage the letting of loa»es on loiij tenancy, and the 15511 w'juM not apply to any 1 i-!-tf wining to give tenants over twenty-one I years at ft fixed rental. Under cli'tses 9 and 10 if an agreement was not coaie to the landlord might make improvements and charge tenant* at the rale of 5 per cent, on the value. ( 'lauses IS to 10 provided fur arbitration ami settle jrent of disputes, making recourse to legal proceed ings almost iinpor sible. One voulil s-r.ucely credit that the Bill had been drawn up by a lawyer, (llou. If. (.'. Baker— ?' Arbitration is better tor lawyers than legal proceeding'. The costs are much bigger always.'; The Bill lixed the fees of witnessesaml solicitors. Part III. gave to the tenants right to sell holdings, but protected landlords against objection, .able tenants. In subsection K. on receiving notice from the tenant that he wished to sell the holding the landlord nruht elect to purchase the tenancy for a consideration, or refer it to arbitration, and would be entitled to the same allowance as in Part II. in respe.-t to tenant quitting holding on the termination of tenancy. An unusual feature of the Bill was that even the r«»~-*-'' .. - of the Bill «?- ..-^.ons'tnt UB ?/WOrting ? .= act out irTiL lie imped the Council , ~«mrl pass Ihe Hill in tho rorui iu which it was m tiotUictd. (Hear, hear.) Oil the muiion of the Hon. #. C. BAKKlt the delate was adjourned till Octofer 7. PAPERS. The COMMISSIONER of CItOW5r LANDS (linn. \\\\. Copley) laid the following paper ou the tuble:— Return to order of the Council (lion. J. Darling)— Hates of Carnage of Ores in the various Colonies. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at fifteen minutes to G adjourned till October 7, at 2 p.m. At the seashore, as usual, one crave from a ?woman's handkerchief will continue to attract more attention than hundreds of waves from the ocean. 