THREE I?M)S ON A STILE. 51Y iS. L. FArIl:ON. A rLEAnr:D bishop has declared that the night before men and women are mlar riod should be pin?t in solitude and devoted to pr:.ver, repeInt:oee, and meditation; but a bishop may be very learned, and yet deficient in common sense. Miss Adelaido Dorr, who was to be married to-morrow to Mr. Arthur Gooch, had several sisters, two brothers, and the unsal number of parents. With all these around her, popping in and out, asking questions, makling remarks, laughiug, crying, teasing, and hissing, and trying on things, you may imagine the state she was in. Arthur had put in an ap pearance, but he had gone away earrly, he had so much to do to complete his arrangements for to-morrow. There was of course a tender leave-taking in the passage, from which Adolaide came in rather quietor than usual, but she was not allowed to be quiet long. The entire house was in a flutter of excitement, and had the charming girl expressed a desire for solitude, for the purpose of following the learned bishop's advico, it would instantly have been feared that the prospect of ap proaching bliss had turned her head. She had no wish for solitude, and as to having anything to repent, the idea was monstrous and absurd. There is little doubt that before she fell asleep on this important niight in her young life she would breathe a prayer, but it would not be exactly such a prayer as the bishop had in view. And itis true she thought a great deal of Arthur; indeed she thought of little else-a statement, perhaps, which my female readers will dispute when they take into consideration the wedding dress and the trousseau. All I can advance in proof of my assertion is that Ade laide was very much in love, and that there are circumstances-raro, Igrant \--in which dress does not occupy the first place in a woman's mind. Neither did Arthur Gooch, who was as much in love as Adelaide, spend the last night of his bachelor's exist once in solitude and repentance. When he left Adelaide he jumped into a hansom and was driven to his chambers, where lie expected to find a letter of pressing importance. He was not a man of fortune; he had good prospects, which were almost certain of realisation, and hlie had a little in vestment or two that paid him fair in terest, and which could not, without loss, be turned immediately into cash. Now the expenses of the coming wedding, and the furnish ing and decoration of a house he had taken on lease, had made more serious inroads on his bank account than he expected. Calculating the expenses of the honeymoon trip on the continent, he found that hlie would run short of money, and in this dilemma he ap plied to a friend, Juack Steveno by name, for a loan of seventy - five pounds, whicih, with seventy-five of his own, which lie Ihad by him, would carry him and his pretty bride com fortably through. It was Jack Stevens' answer to his letter asking for the loan that he was expecting as he rode to his chambers with the image of Adelaide in his mind. VWhat a dear girl she was I Was there ever such another ? Was he not the happiest man in tho world ? And so on, and so on. TWho is not familiar with a true lover's rhap sodies ? Arthur was thile sort of man who would have rivalled Orlando, had the positions been similar. He would have carved Adolaido's name on every tree. Running up to his rooms, which were at the top of the house, hlie found half-a dozen letters in Iris letter-box. It may be mentioned that Jacek Stevens would have been his best man had it not been that his presence was im peratively demanded in another part of the country on the day of the wed ding. It was provoking, but it could not be helped. "Dear Arthur," said Jack Stevens in his letter, " certainly you can have the money, and more if you want it. As time is so short, I do not care risk ing it through the post, and a crossed cheque might not suit you. I have to catch an early train in the morning for Manchester, as you know, but I shall be at Lady Weston Wihito's ' At Home' between eleven and twelve o'clock to-night. I saw a card for the crush stuck in your looking-glass. Look mo up there and I will hand you the notes. I am awfully sorry to give you the trouble, but I can't come to you, and I am anxious to be certain that you are properly furnished before you and your bride start for Paradise. Always yours, dear boy, JAcK." Lady Weston White was not one of Arthur's intimate friends, but hle was on her list, and he generally received cards from her three or four times iu the course of the year. Ho had not intended to go to her house in Gros venor-street on this occasion, but Jack's letter settled it, and he got out his swallowtail. The money he must have, and there was no other way of getting it. There were letters to write, and a lot of things to be attended to which he calculated would keeoop him up to one o'clock in the morning. Well he would have to stop up another hour or so, that was all. At half-past eleven he was in Grosvenor-stroeet, on gulphed in one of those London crowds of ladies and gentlemen lwhich contribute to the success of a London season. The beautiful house was literally packed; to ascend a staircase was a work of so'eral miinutes, and to find his friend Jack in such a vast assemblage a matter of consider able dilliculty. It was a notable gathering; the 'iife of sooiety weore present, distinguished men and fair women, and Arthur, as he squeezed his way along, thought hlie had never seen so wonderful a profusiou of diamonds and lovely dresses. Tihe ladies seeoomed to vie with each olther in the display of joewels. They glittered in the hair, round the necks, in the ears, on the arms and bosoms, on shoes, and fans, and ravishing gowns; and Arthur observed that a new fashion was coming into vogue, diamond buttons on ladies' gloves. " If any of the light-fingered fraternity were hero," thought Arthur, "they could gather a fine Iharvest;" and said aloud, "Allow me." A lady had dropped her fan, and Arthur managed to rescueo it from the crushl of fooeet. It sparkled with diamonds. At length Arthur reached the hostess, who held out two fingers to him. Lady Weston White was a woman of great ponotration, and, as became a society leader, of perfect self-possen ,ion. She neover forgot a face nor a circumstance, and, as she was at pro sent in the performance of her arduous duties, remembered that Arthur Gooch was to he married within a few hours; she remombered also, that to her R.S.Y.P. slhe had received a line from him regretting he could not accept her kind invitation. She said nothing however, but gave him rather a quoes tioning look noas he passed on to allow other guests behind him to pay their respects to their hostess. The look puzzled him somewhlat; it nseemed to ask, "What brings you hero 2" He had quite forgotten that he had deolioed her invitation. At length, after much polite squeezing and hustling, after dropping his hand kerchief and picking it up again, to the annoyance of some neighbours who lhad become fixtures and could soarcoly move for the orush, he saw Jalck Stevens in the distance. They were both tall men, and communica tion being established between them they made simultaneous efforts to get to each other. This accomplished, Artlhur hooked Jack's arm, and said: " Lot us get out of this as quick as we oan." It ihappened that Lady Weston White was close enough to ihoar those words, of which fact Arthur was ob livious, but as they moved on ihe turned in her direction, and caught another strange look from liher. " What on earth does she looke at me in that manner for ?" lhe thought. " One might suppose I came without an in vitation." He and Jack got their hats and coats, and going from the house, stopped at the corner of a street a few yards off. "I havouen't a moment to spare, Arthur," said Jack, " nor have you, I should imagine. I had almost given you up; it is a moroy we mot eanh other in that crowd." He tookle out his pocklet.book. "I would walk home with you, old fellow, if I had time; you must take the will for the deed." " All right, old man," said Arthur; it was very good of you to take all this trouble for me. I don't know how it was I miscalculated my finaneoos so stupidly." " Oh I those accidents happen to all of us. Feel nervous about to-mor row ? " "It makes me rather serious, you know." " Of course. Wish I could be there. Now, no nonsense, Arthur. Will saovouenty-five be enough ? Isn't it cut ting it rather close ? Don't spoil the honeymoon for a ha'porth of tar. You can have a couple of hundred if you like; I've got it by me." " W\ell, make it a hundred," said Arthur. " It will be safer perhaps. Adelaide might take a fancy to a new bonnet." " Or to some chocolate creams, or to the moon and stars," said Jank, with a good-humoured smile, " and you'd get them for her. Say a hundred and fifty." " All right. A hundred and fifty." Jack Stevens, shaded by his friend's tall form-for several persons passed them as they were talking-- counted out thirty five-pound Bank of England notes, and slipped them into Arthur's hand. " Thank you, Jack." "Not neooessary. Good-night, old follow, and good luck to you. Kiss the pretty bride for me, and give her my love." "I will, old man," A few minutes afterwards, Arthur Gooch was in his chambers, "olearing up," as he called it. He wanted to leave things as orderly as he could, and in the accomplishment of this laudable design there was a great deal to do. All the time he was writing and tearing up papers and burning them, and epacling ibags and port manteaux, he was thinlking of Ade laide. "Dear little woman I I wonder if she is asleep. She hasn't loft things to thbo last as I have done. Altogether too tidy for that. While I am fussing about in this musty room-what a cosy nest we shall come home to after the honeymoon I-there she lies, with a smile on her pretty mouth, dream ing of me. Your health, my darling I" He had opened a bottle of cham pagno, of which he had already drunk a glass, and now he poured out another, and as he held it up to the light he saw Adelaido's bright eyes amid the sparkling bubbles. S" Your health, my darling, and God bless you I" S He drained the glas,and sotitdown. SIt was really a love match, of which there are more in this prosaic world thanoynics will admit. These young people were all the world to eaoh other, and if anything had occurred to prevent the wedding coming off their hearts would have beeoon broken. Arthur set the glass upon the table with a tender light in his eyes, and as lhe did so he heoard a ring at the street Sdoor below. As ihas beeoon stated, his olambnrs were at the top of the house, b Ibut everything was very quiet, and that is why ho heard the bell so plainly. The window of the room in Swhich he was working looked out Supon the street. He took no notice of Sthe ringing, and proceeded dreamnily ivith his packing. The wine he had I drunk intensified his sentimental mood, and he paused many times to gazo upon the portrait of his darling which stood in the caontre of the mantelpiece. It was a speaking like ness of tho beautiful face; the eyes soomed to look at him with looks of love; the lovely lips seemed to say, " I love you, I love you." And Arthur pressed his lips to the sweeoot face, and murmured in response, "I love you, I love you I With all my heart and soul, I love you, and will be true to you." Suddenly it occurred to him that the street-door ball continued to ring. The sound jarred upon hIis oars. Throwing up his window he loaned forward, and at the top of his voice inquired who it was that continued to ring so pertinaciously. "I have come to see Mr. Arthur 'Goooh," was the answer, "To see me ?" he cried in wondor. " Ycs, you, if you are Mr. Gooch." " What for ?" " On most particular business." Wondering more and more, the young man ran down the stairs and opened the street-door. In the dim light he saw tile figuroe of a gentleman with whoso face he was not fiamiliar. " What do you want witll me ?" he asked. "It will be bost for us to speakl privately," replied tlhe stranger. " IT is a most delicate matter." "A most delicate matter I" staem. moroed Arthur. "A moeet delicate matter 1" repeated the stranger in a grave tone. The young man did not reflect upon the imprudence of askling a stranger up to his rooms at suchl an hour of the night. With the exception of the houseokeeper, who occupied the baso ment, and who had been heard to do. clare that nothing lose than an earth quakelo would wake her once she was asleep, Arthur Gooch was the only night resident in the house. All the chambers, with the exception of his, wore let as officos, and were tenanted only during the day. It is scarcely probable however, if Arthur had given the matter a thought, that he would have acted differently. Here was a stranger paying him a visit, at an untimely hour it was true, but upon a delicate matter, which had best be disclosed in private. Arthur was a man of muscle, and stood six foot and half-an-inch in his stocking fooeet. The man who had intruded himself upon him was about five feet eight, a weeood of a man in comparison with him. There was, moreover, no latk of plhysical courage in Arthur-a quality, it may be remarked, very different indeed from moral courage, in which respect a pigmy may be superior to a giant. " Come up," said Arthur, and the two men ascended the stairs. "Now," he said, when they were together in his room, with the door closed, " you see that I am very busy. Explain your errand as briefly as possible. What is this delicate matter you speak of? I have not the pleasure of your acquaintance. Oh," he said, looking at a card presented by his visitor, "Mr. P. Foreman. Your name is as strange to me as your face. Who are you ? What are you 2" "I am a private detective," said Mr. P. Foreman. " A private detective," cried Arthur, with an ominous frown. " And what business can you have with me at this hour of the night? I've a mind to pitch you out of the window." "Don't try it," said Mr. P. Fore man. " I should be bound to resist, and my shouts would be certain to bring someone to my assistance. As to my business, it is, as I have in formed you, of a delicate nature." " Speak in plain Euglish if you have any regard for yourself." "It is a very simple affair," said Mr. P. Foreman, " and it rests with you whether I shall take my leave of you with an apology, or adopt other measures. You were at Lady Weston Whito's ' At Home' a couple of hours ago." " I was. What of it ?" "I am employed by her ladyslhip," proceeoded Mr. P. Foreman. " She has given other' At Homes ' this sean flon.H " She has, and I have been present at them." "So I understand. Very serious things have occurred at those parties of her ladyship's at which you were present. Some of her guests have made complaints to her, and it is only at great expense and trouble that these complaints, and their very seri ous nature, have beeoon kept out of the society papers." "What has all this rhodomontado to do with me ?" demanded Arthur, im patiently. "I am about to tell you. Valuable diamonds have been lost at her lady ship's ' At Homes,' and have not been recovered. Her ladyship is naturally anxious to put a stop to this, and to bring the-" (Mr. P. Foreman eosi tated, and ch.so another word than the one he intended to use)-" the offenders to justice." " Quite proper," said Arthur. " Go on, and out it short." "The display to-night was bril liant, and knowing that it would be so her ladyship employed me and one or two others to keep watch upon sus picious persons. As you soo"-ho unbuttoned his light overcoat-" I am in evening dress. I was supposed to be present as a guest, but I was really there in my professional oapaoity, keeping my eyes open. Had it been regular pickpookets whom her lady ship suspected I should have found it an easy job, asI know most of them; but it was not. She suspected certain gentlemen upon her list, to whom she was in the habit of sending cards." Mr. P. Foreman spoke in a signifi cant tone, and there was no mistaking his moaning. Arthur laughed. "Does her ladyship do me the honour to suspect me ?" "I am not at liberty to say; my orders are to spoeak not one word that Smight compromise her ladyship." "A very prudent instructibn. 1 Well ?" " Oertain articles of jowollory have been lost to-night in her ladyship's Shouse. A orescent diamond brooch, Sanotheor with a device of throe birds Son a stilo, and a pin of brilliants with I a pearl in the consuro. There may be Sother articles missing, but we have not board of them. Of tho three Sornaments I have mentioned the one most easily traced is the three-birds on-a-stile brooch. The birds are perolhed upon a stile of gold; one is set with sapphires, one with brilliants, and one with rubies. I remarked to her ladyship that it was a pretty device. She is quite determined to maoe the matter publio, and to bring the-the offeanders to justice without an hour's delay, if we are fortunate enough to track them down." "I infer," said Arthur, glaring at his visitor, " from the very guarded answer you gave to a question I put to you that her ladyship really does sus poet me. I am greatly obliged to her ladyship." He recalled the strange looks which Lady Weoston White had given him, and believed that he could now interpret them. "He strode to the door and throw it opon. "If you have any regard for your bones, you will now take your departure. I give you just one minute." "If yeou send lme away unsatisfied," s?rid Mr. P. F'oremaun, composedly, "I shall, in accordance with instructions received, have you arrested first thing in the morning, and brought before a magistrate on a distinct charge." Arthur's heart seemed suddenly to cease beating. There was no mistaking that tihe man was in deadly earnest, and would carry out his threat. Whatl To be arrested on the very morning of his wedding I True, the charge was falso and monstrous, but it would takro time to prove it so, and meanwhile- Yes, meanwhile, there was Adolaide in her bridal dross waiting for her bridegroom. Indignant as he was he could not but inwardly acknowledge that hris best course would be to hush up the affair if possible-not for his own sake, but for Adolaido's. The shock to her feelings would be too great; she might never recover from it, and the happiness of her life might be for ever destroyed. Mr. P. Fore man, standing rather timidly near the open door, kIept his eyes fixed upon Arthur's face. He shrank back as Arthur approached him. " I am not going to Ihurt you," said tir young man. "Come in and shut the door." Mr. P. Foreman obeyed. "You said at thire commencement of this interview that it rested with me whether you would take leave of me with an apology, or adopt other measures. By other measures you meant my arrest." Mr. P. Foreman nodded. "But how do you propose to arrive at the apology ? " "It is entirely in your hands," replied Mr. P. Foremau. "You have only to prove your innocence, and I apologis. Her ladyship trusts every thing to me, and will be guided entirely by the report I present to her." "I have only to prove my inno cence l" exclaimed Arthur." " But how can that be done if you will not take my word for it ? Iswear to you that I am innocent, and I declare this to be a foul and monstrous charge, for which, if I am put to any inconveni ence or annoyance, I will make her ladyship and all concerned in it suffer. Now are you satisfied P" "That is not what I meant," said Mr. P. Foreman, quietly. " What I require is proof of your innoconce. I cannot take your word. Any other gentleman would say as much." Arthur could not help admitting that this was true. "Again I ask you," he cried, "how can I prove my innocence, except by my word ?" "It is very easily done. You have not changed your clothes. You have on your dress trousers and waistcooat; your dress coat hangs upon the back of that chair. If none of the missing articles are in the pockets I will offer you the completest apology in my power, and shall sincerely regret that I have caused you so much uneasi ness." Mr. P. Foreman was a private de teotive, but he certainly spoke like a gentleman. Throughout the inter view he had conducted hIimself with moderation; there was even a sadness in his manner which, now that so reasonable a course was suggested, impressed itself upon Arthur. "I am quite willing," he said, " to do what you ask, though I dispute your right, mind." "I understand that," said Mr. P. Foreman. "It is only," continued Arthur, "because I am to be married in the morning, and wish to spare a young lady's feelings, that I submit." There was a deeper sadness in Mr. P. Foreman's voice as he observed, "To be married in the morning l I must be mistaken." Ho took a stop towards the door. "No, you don't go now," exclaimed Arthur. "Iinsist upon your stopping, andboing completolysatisfied. There's my coat. Search the pockets." But Mr. P. Foreman would not touch the garment. "If you insist," he said " you must go through the for mality yourself. I should be ashamed to have a hand in it." " You are a good fellow, after all," said Arthur, with a sigh of relief. "Will you have a glass of cham pagne P" "Thank you," said Mr. P. Fore man. Arthur filled two glasses. "Your health," he said. "Your health," said Mr. P. Foroe man. "Allow m to owish you joy and happiness." " Now you shall see," said Arthur, in a gay tone. " 0ome a little nearer; I might be a master of legerdomain." A melancholy smile crossed Mr. P. Foreman's mouth, and he stood, ap parently unconcerned, while Arthur turned out the pockets of his waistcoat and trousers. "Nothing there," he said. "Nothing there," said Mr. P. Fore man, and again moved towards the door. " Stop a moment," said Arthur, "there is my coat." He turned out the pookets upon the table; from the breast pocket he produced the bank notes he had received from his friend, Jack Stevens; from the tail pockets a handklerchief and gloves. Nothing more. He laughed aloud, and lifted the handkerchief from the table. The laugh was frozen in his throat. As he lifted the handkerchief there fell from it a jewelled broooh, the device a stile of gold, with throe birds parched thereon, one of sapphires, one of rubies, one of brilliants. "My fod I" he gasped, and sank into a chair. Mr. P. Foreman did not break the silence that ensued. With sad eyes be gazed upon the crushing evidence of guilt. At length Arthur found his voice. "You do hot, you cannot," he cried in an agoniseod tone, " believe me guilty I" Mr. P. Foreman uttered no word. Arthur's face was like the face of death. A vision of his ruined lifo rose before him, and in that vision the image of his fair young bride, stricken with despair. " What am I to do P" moaned the unhappy man. "What am I to do As I hope for mercy in heaven, I hWear that I am innocent." Mr. P. Foreman in silence pointed to the brooch on the table; It was an eloquent sign, but ho seemed to nym pathise with the hapless man before him. Arthur rose to his feet, tremb ling in every limb. " Have mercy upon me I" lie mur mured, stretching forth his bands. " Before God I am innocent I" "I am sorry for the young lady," said Mr. P. Foreman, " deeply, deeply sorry. I have a daughter of my own, whom I hops one day to see happily married. But she is in delicate health." There was a plaintiveness in his voice, and Arthur, overwhelmed as he was, caught at the despairing hope which presented itself to his distracted mind. He and the man who hold his fate in his hands were alone; there were no witnesses, and not a sound reached them from house or street. " Save me l" implored Arthur. "As you hope for your daughter's happi ness, save an innocent man-save an innocent girl from despair and death I" Mr. P. Foreman put his hands before his eyes. "My duty I" he murmured. " You owe a duty elsewhere," said Arthur, in a rapid, feverish voice. "The lady who has employed you trusts you implicitly, and will receive your report without question." "I do not grasp your meaning," said Mr. P. Foreman. "Your daughter is in delicate health, you say," continued Arthur. " You hope to see her one day happily married. You are not rich ?" "I am very poor," said IMr. P. Foreman. "Do you think I would otherwise follow this miserable occu pation ? Fortune has been against me all my life." " It smiles upon you now," pursued Arthur desperately; it offers you a chance. You speak like a gentleman; you have a soul above your station. See here. There are a hundred and fifty pounds in bank notes. Take them; they are yours and keep my secret, guiltless as I am. You are not a young man; you have had experience of the world; you must lnow the voice of innocence when you hear it. Could a guilty man plead as I am pleading ? By all your hopes of happiness, save me I No one is near; no one knows but you andI. It is so easy, so easy I-and I shall bless you all my lifo 1" " You tempt me sorely, said Mr. P. Foreman. "My daughter is ordered abroad for her health, and I have no means to take her." " You have means here, af your hand. Take the money-it is yours; I give it to you freely. No one will be the wiser, and you will be an in strument in tihe hands of Providence to save two innocent lives 1" "Let me think a moment," said Mr. P. Foreman, and he turned his head. Arthur awaited his decision in an agony of despair. Presently he spolo again. "I will express no opinion of your guilt or innocence, but you have offered what I cannot resist. I will take the money, and will keep your soordt, for thile sake of the young lady you are about to marry, for the sake of my poor daughter. It may be the means of restoring her to health. As for this brooch-" "Takle it," cried Arthur, impet uously, "and do what you will with it. It is one of my conditions. Heaven bless you-Heaven bless you I" " We are accomplices in a transao tion that must not be spoken of," said Mr. P. Foreman, who had put the money and the brooch into his pocket. " I pity and despise you, as I pity and despise myself." He did not wish Arthur good-night; seemingly ashamed of the bargain they hlad made, he went downstairs, accompanied by Arthur who olosed the street-door upon him. Dazed and bewildered, the young man returned to his room, and, with great throbbings of his breast at the mysterious danger he had escaped, completed his preparations for the wedding andthoe honeymoon. Beforehe throw himself upon his bed in the vain attempt to seek oblivion for an hour or two, he wrote a letter to his friend Jack Stevens, saying he had unfortu nately lost the money that had beeoon lent to him, and begging for another loan, which was to be forwarded to an hotel in Paris, whore he intended to stop with his young wife for a few days. There is no need to describe the wedding. Everything passedoff well, and everybody in church declared they had never seeoon a lovelier bride; but they observed at the same time that the bridegroom appeared far from happy, and one of the spectators re marked that he looked several times over his shoulder, with the air of a.man who feared that a ghost was standing behind him. His own people and his new relatives, being in a state of ex citement, did not take the same view of it; they said he was nervous, which was quite natural on such an occasion. Adelaido was tremblingly happy, and she and her lover-husband departed on their honeymoon amid the usual showers of rice and hurling of old slip pers. In Paris Arthur received from Jack Stevens a draft for another hun dred and fifty pounds; but in the letter wuich accompanied the welcome draft Jack said he could not under stand how Arthur had managed to lose the money. " I saw you," wrote Jack, "put the money in the side-pocket of your dress coat, and button your over coat over it. How could you have lost it ? Did you have an adventure, and are keeooping it from me ? Make a clean breast of it, old follow. I should like to know. And if there is anything I can do for you while you are away do not fail to call upon me. I am in London for good, and am entirely at your service." Arthur pondered over this letter, and pondered deeply, also over the events which had occurred on the night before the wedding; and tile more he pondered the more he was dissatisfied. Once his young wife, who bad notioed that something was weighing on her hero's spirits, said to him: " Arthur, dear, are you happy P" "Very happy, darling.': " But quite happy, Arthur ?" "Yes, darlipg, qluite happy. Why do you asc ?" " I don't know-only you seem so melancholy sometimes." " All your fancy, darling." " I supponse so, Arthur dear." But the young bride was not satis fiod for all that. She was sure that her hero was keeoping somethling dis agreeable from hler. However, like a sensiblo little woman, she did not worry him; no bride could expect greater attention and devotion than he showed towards her, and she lectured herself, and said that she could not expect to know everything about her husband all at once. "I shall have to studly him," she said, " and when I know him thoroughly I will make him perfectly, perflectly happy." On the eighth day of the honey moon something curious happened. They had travelled from Paris to Geneva, and they put up at the Grand Hitel de la Paix. The first time they dined in the hotel, Arthur. looking up, saw exactly opposite to him the forms of Mr. P. Foreman and a lady. He turned red and white, and his heart beat furiously. There appeared how ever to be no cause for apprehension; Mr. P. Foreman looked him straight in the face, and evinced no sign of re cognition. Perceiving this, Arthur took courage, and glanced at the lady. Again he turned red and white. On the bosom of the lady's dress was affixed a beautiful brooch-a stile of gold, with its three little birds of rubies, sapphires, and brilliants. "Did you think the lady opposite to us was very pretty, Arthur? " asked Adolaide, as she and her hus band stood close together after dinner locking into the clear waters of the lake. " I did not take particular notice, dear," replied Arthur, awkwardly. " Oh, Arthur i I saw your eyes fixed upon her." Arthur did not dare confess that it was the brooch he was staring at, and not at the lady, so he diverted Ade laide's thoughts by means of those tender, secret caresses which render young brides supremely happy. But he thought very seriously, nevertheless. The lady who accompanied Mr. P. Foreman seemed to be in perfect health, and she was not young enough to be his daughter, by a good many years. The dreadful position in which he had stood upon the occasion of Mr. P. Foreman's nocturnal visit to his chambers weighed terribly upon him. He knew himself to be innocent; but the brooch which his acouser had now appropriated was found in his poclkot; he had taken it out himself. How had it got there ? That was the mystery that was perplexing him, and he felt that he could not be at peace with himself until it was solved. That night he wrote to Jack Stevens, and made a full confession of how he had lost the money, and in his letter he gave a very faithful description of Mr. P. Foreman. " If you can clear up the mystery," he said in his letter, " for Heaven's sake do so. I do not advise you to go to Lady Weston White to make in quiries, for that might result in at tracting attention which, as things stand, I wish to avoid; but do what you can for me, and nact as you think best, for the salke of your old and un happy friond, Arthur." He directed Jask to reply to him at the Hbtel Victoria, Interlaken, where he pro posed to take Adolaido after a stay in Geneva. He made his visit to this beautiful city shorter than he intended, so anxious was he to receive Jack's reply. It was not there when he ar rived, but on the following mid-day it was delivered to him. " My dear Arthur," (Jack wrote), "my dear simple friend, my timid love-stricken swain, your letter aston ished me, and in your interests I set to work at once. I hlave a friend who is areal dotective-a live one, mark you-and when I entrusted him with your precious secret, and read to him the careful description you have given of your saviour, Mr. P. Foreman, he first looltked at me in blauk amaze ment, and then burst into a fit of laughter. 'By Jove I' he cried, when he got over his fit, 'that is my friend, Purdy. Ho's beeoon at his tricks again.' 'Who is your friend Purdy,' I in quired, ' and what are the particular trilcks you refer to?' He did not favour me with an answer, but stipu lated that I should pay an immediate visit to Lady Weston White, and ask whether the jewels lost in her house on the night beforeyour wedding had been recovered. I did as he bade me, and learned from her Iadyship -what do you think? Why, that there were no jewels lost in her house, and never had been, to her knowledge. I did not enlighten her, old fellow, having some regard for your roputa tion for shrewdness. I went straight from her to my friend the real deteo tive. Learn from mo, O wise young bridegroom, that Mr. P. Foreman, alias Purdy, is no more a detective than I am, that he must have slipped the brooch (all false stones, my boy) himself into your pocket, having pre viously ascertained that you were to be married in a few hours, and that he practised upon you a rather clever trick which he has practised success fully upon other victims as simple as yourself. Now I come to think of it, I shouldn't wonderif he was one of the men whoie passed us when I gave you the thirty five-pound notes at the corner of the street. My friend the real detective tells me that Purdy is one of the boest actors he has over seen, and that his skill would beat the devil hlimself. Lot us hope he will soon have the elaneoo of trying it on with his Satanic majesty. Anyway, he is enjoying himself on the Continong with your money and mine, and, as he has cast a cloud over the first fortnight or so of your honeymoon, I should recommend you to lengthen it by just as many days of happiness as he has robbed you of. And hero is another recommendation, my dear, simple, old follow. Toll your little wife all about it, and tell hler at the same time that I have given an order for a brooch, of whichl I elall bog her acceptance, with the very original design of a gold stile and three little birds poroched atop of it. Give her my love, and ao cept the samafromyoursoeverandover." Arthur danced about the room when he read this comforting letter. Ade. laide looked up from a novel in which she lhad booen absorbed. " Why, whatever is the matter with you," she cried, "you dear old goose ?" "Nover mind the dear old goose," said Arthur. " Let us have a wlt0 round the room, you dear young darlin" I" nyudo eo A waltz they had, and they made some glasses on the table jingle o that a chambermaid knocked at tho door, and asked whethe hr her services were requoired. "Not at all," replied Arthur, in very indifferent German. "I am only giving madame a lesson." At the end of which lesson Arthur related to his bride what it was that had been disturbing him. low she pitied him I The tears ran down her pretty face as she took his between her little hands and gave him hrises which he returned with interest. Of that you may be sure. " Oh, Arthur," said Adelaide, with the fondest of looks, "I am gladil I married you; because, you know, you do want someone to look after youea." As for the rest of the honeymoon, I leave you to imagine it. All I will say is, that I wish no newly married young couple a happier. S 8trand Magazine. \-- ' R"-- ~__---~ 