1 CHILDREN'S COLUMN, DIXIE AND DAN. "And do be careful, Dan dear, and don't shoot yourself or Dixie, and do come home as early ae you can. I'll have griddle-cakes for supper, and you know you like them hot, and pa s got some honey on purpose to eat with them." The boy Mrs. Pollard spoke to laughed as he sprang down the steps of the little old house. " Of course IH be careful," he said. "Dixie and 111 oome home with lots of birds, won'b we, old fellow?" The big brown dog that had for a number of years been a most beloved member of the Pollard family lifted up his voice in joyful assent as he capered on beside Dan. "Wait a minute," squealed little Net from the doorway. ''Dixie hain't got his blue wibbon on. "Oh, never mind," called Dan. "Dixie isn't such a dandy that he needs to wear a necktie every day. Don't you know that Captain Smith sayB that wearing a necktie is a sort of crazy custom anyway, even for men?" But Net came running after with the "wibbon" in her hand, and Dan had to tie the big blue bow on Dixie's collar before Nettie would let the two travellers go their way in peace. " You're a beautiful doggie," said Net, as she gave Dixie a rapturous parting embrace. " You're just a beau'ful doggie, and we all love you." Dixie jumped up and kissed Nettie, dog fashion, and the interrupted journey began once more. Dan had started fcr a day's shooting on "the marsh." This was two or three miles away, being the low-lying land bordering on a bay. Dan and Dixie soon had passed tne few farmhouses that were scattered here aud there on the road, and struck out into the country where the land began its gradual Blope down toward the water. A whiff of Bait air came now and then to the boy's nostrils and set him thinking of the broad ocean into which the bay opened, and of the ships that sailed that ocean, and he won dered if he should ever see the lands those ships went to. Musing on such things, look ing far into the future, as lads will, Dan tramped on till the water and rsody bottoms were in sight. "Now we'll have fun, won't wo, Dix?" said the boy; and the dog rushed on as though going bird-shooting was the most delightful thing he ever heard of. Dan, as full of ex citement as he, ran after him, and the two made rather a breathless entrance into tlio marsh ; but after awhile Dan's zeal abated. The shooting was not very good after all. Dan got one bird, tried to shoot several others, and failed. Dixie was full of frolic, and rushed on through the reeds and grass till Dan could not keep track of him, ana hardly tried to do so. The marsh was quite deserted j no one else seemed to be out gunning that day. Sitting down at lost on a little mound,, the boy drew a couple of apples out qf his pocket and proceeded to eat them. He was just finishing liie second one, when a long- drawn howl from somewhere in front of him came to his ear. "Why, that's Dixie !" the boy said, jumping, up. "That sounds as if he were in trouble. Guess I must look after him." Picking up his gun and bird, Dan made his way through the reeds till he came to the edge of the more marshy portion that extended dvwn. to the water. Away farther on be saw a big brown dog with a blue bow on his neck. . Dan walked to tho edge of the bit of land ho was on. "Why, Dixie," he called, " what ails you ?" Dixie gave a lugubrious howl, and Dan saw the trouble. "Why, you're stuck in tbo mud, ain't you ?" he said. " Just wait till I got over there, old fellow, and I'll have you out all right. Yq'1 must have been chasing a bird." Dan sprang over the marshy land. Dixie saw him coming and waited with satisfaction, for his deliverer. Suddenly, when Don was about half-way across the marshy portion he felt his own foot ing beginning to fail him. He struggled,, jumped for a safer spot, stuck again, stumbled on, dropped his gun and bird, staggered a little, and suddenly sank in the mud up above his knees. Thee he stuck. Try as he might, he could not pull himself free. In alarm tie pub forth all his strength, but it was in vain. The more he struggled the doeper he sank. Dixie looked on from his spot and whined with apprehension as he saw the stopping of his friend. " 0 Dixie, Dixie!" gasped Dan, as at length in sheer despair ho stopped struggling. " What a dreadful fix you and I are in 1" Dixie wagged his tail in appreciation of this remark, and broke out intoamost dismal howl. "And the worst of it is the tide!" groaned Dan. "0 Dixie!" The boy looked apprehensively at the long line of brown water that skirted the marsh a little way off. The dog still howled, and Dan, thinking the animal's example a good one, added his voice and called for help till the marsh rang again, but no help came. Daa waited and watched. He knew the tide was rising. Wasn't it creeping up that little place now ? Surely that puddle was not there ten minutes ago! Nor that one, either. "There isn't anything for us to do but just to yell for help, old fellow 1" said Dan to the dog, and, opening his mouth, Dan " yelled" in terrific sty le. His shouts and halloo for help only made a few marsh hens hurry away from the reeds a little distance off. Dixie, inspired by bis master's example, lifted up his voice and alternately barked and howled. Dan paused at last, hoarso and exhausted. "It doesn't do the least bit of good," he said anxiously, after he bad looked around in vain for any coming help. "If I had ray gun I could £re, but I don't suppose that would do any good either, Folks often hear firing over toward the marshes. Folks wouldn't know I wanted help, even if they heard the gun." Dan looked over where his gun lay, six feet or so away. It might as well have been sixty for all the prospeot there was that he could, reach it. Warned by his former sinking, he dared not struggle lest he should sink lower still, bo lie stood and waited. What was he waiting for? The water was rising gently but surely. It rose more and more. Dixie nearer to the water's edge than Dan, understood in almost human fashion what was coming. The water rose around the dog's feet. Dixie struggled and only sank lower and lower till his beauti ful, glossy brown body fairly touobed the water. "He will drown! Ho surely will unless I can help him some way," thought Dan, anxiously. "Oh, what can I do? He's stuck too fast to get away." Dixie cast pitiful, appealing glances at Dan. Was his master nc.t coming to help him ? The - dog's reproachful eyeB almost broke the boy's heart. " Oh,Dixie, dear old fellow," ho cried, "how I wish I could help you !" The water rose higher. Gentle little waves . began to quietly lap Dixie's sides, and Dan could see the dog shiver. Pitiful whines . broke from him as he looked over at Dan. The hoy felt the tears coming. It wan too dread fad to have Dixie drown before his eyes, drown thinking hie master might help him and did not. The time went on, and atill the water gently rose. With tronbled eyes, Dan watched the dog's " If you were only near enough eo I could do something for you, Dixie," he cried. "Perhaps if I were, Dixie'd help sink me, too," he thought, as he glanced at the water that was near bim now. a How slow and how sure the tide was! If it would only engulf Dixie all at once, and drown bim and he done with it, instead of climbing up him and frightening the poor fellow in that heartless fashion! Dan felt as if he had almost rather bear it himself than see his dear old playmate in such trouble. The water was almost oyer Dixie's back. The poor creature held hiB head up and howled dismally as if he knew what was coming. Grown lad as he was, Dan could not keep the tears from running down his cheeks. "O, Dixie!" cried the boy—"dear old fellow—it was all my fault. I ought not to have taken you gunning out here on the marsh. Poor old fellow!—poor old fellow! Oh, how I wish I could help you!" Dixie gave a howl of terror and dismay. "What'll mother say?" groaned Dan, "and Ned and Net and the twins? Oh, if he's drowned and we don't ever have him any more, and he isn't there to bring in the paper nights and to sit by the stove—oh, dear!—and to run races " Short, choking howls came from Dixie's direction. The water was almost over him. Oh, good-bye, good-by, old fellow, dear old fellow! sobbed Dan, losing all control over himself, and adding his own tears to the water that was already climbing up him. " It's all my fault! Good-by, gooa-by, dear old fellow, good- by!'" Then Dan shut his eyeB and resolutely stopped his ears that he might see no more struggles and hear no more of those pitiful, heart-breaking howls. After what seemed to him a long, long time, Dan opened his eyes again and looked fearfully over toward the spot where Dixie was. Nothing could be seen except the brown water rising higher and higher. Once, indeed, Dan thought he saw a bit of the blue ribbon, but then he thought he was mistaken. Time went on. The water had risen above bis own waist. It was very cold and uncomfortable standing there. Dan shivered. Desperate, he tried with all his might to pull himself loose, but there was no use trying. Then he called again and again. "I'm going to drown like Dixie," said the boy to himself. "I wonder if we'll both be found dead here some time when the tide is out ? What will mother Bay ? I thought she'd feel bad enough over Dixie, but just supposing she has to feel bad over me, too !" " I wish I'd brought her in that stovewood," be said to himself a moment after. " I forgot it this morning. I was in such a hurry, I wonder if Ned remembered it. Poor mother ! I don't believe I've been as good to her as I ought. I wonder if I am going to drown? It must feel awfully. And I—ob, I don't want to die!" The slow, long minutes crept by, and still ~ udder that brown water roBe. Dan shuddered as ho looked around |him. The lowest part of the marsh ground was quite covered. Things were quite still save for that soft lapping of the water. What a detestable sound that was, any way ! Dan listened to it till it seemed to him that the noise would drive him crazy. Would it sound so dreadfully by the time the water had risen high enough to be in his ears ? That would not be so very long now. Well, perhaps he might be drowning then, and might not notice the sound. The water was almost up to bis shoulders. It could not be so very long now. Hadn't he better pray ? What if "Hip! Here's another one, Mike! Shure, it's a dozen we have." Dan turned his head and saw a little way off a rowboat. Two boys_ were in it, not ver^big boys. Dan recognised them at once. They were Jimmy O'Toole and his younger brother, the red-baired infant that always went on all manner of perilous adventures, and yet nothing ever happened to him. The older boy was flounder-catching, and it was evident that neither of the youngsters had seen Dan. " Hullo there ! Help me ! Help me!" screamed Dan. Jimmy O'Toole started and dropped his tish in the boat. Where did that voice come from? He stared over the muddy water. Then he screamed. Did ever a boy out flounder-catch ing see such a sight 1 A head and two arms sticking up out of the water! Jimmy O'Toole stared in amazement at the prodigy. The red-headed youngster beside him was excessively interested at the prospect of a new adventure. " Hurry, I tell you!" screamed Dan. " You dunces, don't you see that I'll drown if you con't get some one to help me pretty quick? Whereas your father, Jimmy OToole?'' "In—in the t'other boat," answered_the amazed Jimmy, who by this time had partially recovered his senses and realized that Dan was a real human being and not a ghost, or a new kind of flounder. "Well, go get him just as quick as you can, if you don't want me to drown," commanded Dan. Jim's oars soon took him ought of sight. " He'd better be quick about it," muttered Dan anxiously. It was doubly dreary to be left alone again. Was the water really going to drown him? Would help come just too late? How the water did feel just splashing up about bis throat! And that dreadful rippling sound. no gentle and so hideous ! Would Jim find bis father? Wouldn't the boy stop to catch a flounder or two by the way ? "If he shouldn't hurry now!" thought Dan, trembling all over. Oh, how long, how long it was waiting! Why hadn't he drowned long ago? Surely it was time. " I won't drown," said Dan determinedly at last, as he lifted up his head and looked at the sky. How would it look to him when he naw it for the last time through a film of water ? What was that coming? Dan rubbed the water from his eyes with his wet hand. It was a black tbing coming, a longer thing tban he bad thought, It was, yes, it was a bnat, and a smaller boat was following it, and a man's voice came over the water. " Arrah thin! hould on a bit longer, me bye! I'm a comin'." Long as tbe time seemed, it was not two minutes from then when Mr. O'Toole bad his boat alongside the head that rose above the ■water. ! " Hould on there!" Mr. O'Toole commanded, as he reached Dan an oar. A few minutes of vigorouspulling, a wronch that seemed almost ti jerk Dan's bones from ■their sockets, and the boy lay wet and gasping in the bottom of the boat, his bead pillowea on a pile of flounders. "It's me belafe that yell niver see ayther of yer boats again," announoed Mr. O'Toole ob he rapidly plied tbe oars and took a careful survey •of Dan's stockined feet at the same time, " An' what yer motberll say to yer pants looking loike that I don't know. The marsh's an awful stioky place in some parts." " You'll catch it1 sung 01 sung out Jimmy O'Toole, who, of course, with his red-headed brother occupied the smaller boat, and who had given up the glories and delights of flounder-catching for the privilege of joining in bringing Dan home. Jimmy had arisen m his own boat, and had taken a particular survey of the state of Dan's garments. "You'll catch it!" Jimmy reiterated, as having satisfied himself with looking at Dan, he once more resumed his seat and took to his oars. And the expression of Master Jim's countenance bore witness that he would not in the least object if he could be present and wit ness the scene of Dan's " catching it." But Dan, completely exhausted by his expe rience, in spite of Jimmy's throat, lay still with biB head on the pile of flounders, undis turbed by any worries over what was to come, so thankful was he to have escaped what might have been. And when, a few hours later, on Farmer Willett's milk wagon Dan rode safely into the home yard, the mother that came to the door and heard the story of the day in the marsh, never said anything about the state of her boy's clothes, but took him in her arms, all muddy as he was, and said with trembling voice, "O Dan, my ,boy, my dear boy! If it had been I you instead of Dixie 1 -M. E. Bamfoed, in the Pacific Rural Press. 