OIAPTER XKXLV, Jom'IRS ADVEN TUREA C' ~nitai Bi'lTndhiond Carow etlnds upon the steps, his hund on the ball-knob. lHow can he go in and faco lpoor Bfso , anitina: and Mhunooring for a oight of iler huanrnl:l? IIow sball ho break the terrible news to her? It in the hardest trial of all the bravo soldier'os ife, but ha knows it must be done, fif rings tho bell with a dull ache at Ilia heart. Tihe door opens instlttly, ann behind the aervant who adamits hlan fhe Ftee BDf.s her. pelt, Iher woon little fIanc rl rglois withl ex. pectaut joy. Sihe ruslhe forward nod c!atchel : Ilia hand. "Oh, i?,.nond, where is my husband l and whralei in ly child l" Ihe t1ahns her ailnd and lendo her bLack into the drawing.room. "iit down,, Bees," h aonye, tendcrly, " nnd ahen you are calm I havoe omnating to tell you." A Puddeld terror leaps into iaer eye?, and lier lips begin tonqiver. " Whti is it?" sbho nltors. " What hoa lhappened ? IWho i dead I My child ?" Hir ltedlaond oils beside her and takes bolt her hands in his. "Look at IeO, Dea'," he Iays, " and o ae rwhat a brave, atrongl little won:n you can be. ?No one is dend. Your child is alive nd no is Lord SL, Aubvn." She draws a lontg breath of relief and loots up at himwiit the old oenile returning to heiar ot eyes. "Thank Heaven," thlo murmurs. "If tihey are both alive nothing very dreadfi l oanf have happened. What is it, Iaedmond? In Lord St. Auhrn nbsnct from England? Ieo mlust be, or lh would have come to ine. You have sent for him, of eourre, ondl hfe will oon be here t Tell me all about it, plcnse." Tihe cptain looks at, her in inlintde pity. Hlow can Ie tell her? Iln start, to his feet, and thoughthflly pacca up and down the room, llos nwatohel him w.ith a nanmlcon fear ertt'ili to her fIco. Sihe rite nndll fllonvs flilhm, and lidens her litlle haJ d into "RIl?mo:nl, dner friend," sllo wlhipers, '"contethin; ti:rriblo i has :nppfned ; Iucenit in your free. T. II nl ; anythinloi is bhttar thoi?ja titar epanoa.'' Ii wheelso roouod and foceo her. " Bsn," fhi rcplieo suddenly, " Lord St. Auibyn if nmi ried ajnain." She looks at himj in a dull, uncompra hendintg oay. "I?orried l" kha repeatt. " Wlly, Ri?d. netndl, what can you mean 1" " 110 thought you were dead, Bess," con tiuues the capto:in, icepprntely, "and h hasn nmarried Lily Calsandra lanuder." " Ma[\ried! My baby's fother marrierd I" flar whitening lips frame tlio words, but give forlth no lountl. Thel color drifts elowly from brow and ohelc, nud biho drojp like a blighted lily at the soldier't tint. lie sltops and rtaite her in tis arms just ons Mr'. Mlrkham entere. Thcre siho in," hi enay, Ason o la B2D e on the noal. " I hbve told her and it hen l:illel her. That villain lr.hall answer for her murder. I'll on aid fiind hit no'tt." Ifo in stritdiiglrorn the room with a de termined face, but hisi old friend follows him. * Stop, lindlionid Ctarew," ho eays; " re trsin lwhere you are. It Lord St. Aubyn clioones to marry it a;7 nw iln every week, yono nar not aflled upon to interfere, The Iaw will looni to lim. Stay where y.ou are, antd help tile poor gitrl ; al is merely in a faint," IIa returns in otllen ailence, and they set about rev'ivng poor liens. The takl is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike tswoon, and it in not until a1ter a eurgeon hla Icen i called i that they ucaecad in re otorinno any Figns ol animation. At fnt lit thelotio red fluItter back to her thin cheekl , and her eyes open with a frigllltnrd tnare. " o.arriedl [y bhaby' father married I" liho repents inn a alpin? g whiBfper. .Mra. Moairkham bnlld over her, strohing her hair, and lenying gently : "There, poor dear, yoa mtatn't tako it no to heart. Ire believed you twero dead, )ou lnow." " Ye\, but honn coull they forget ms no anon ?" Tlheen weords qutiver from her white lips in l?leping ohln and a t he innvulolad with biller worpinglt. Sir fla:lond Carew Iool:a on in fitrce i?lfdignation. "Don't ory no, flosa," he orays at last " that man in not wnorthl i. You sithoulti be glad to be rid of him, hito villtin I" BUla lookae up with wet, etartled aeye. '' No, Ied nlomnd," nl i ntlerpllonen, hurriedly, "I will lnot hoar you condoenn him, Tnrd St. Aubyn in not to blatne, flow phould l11 Imow that I woull oanme bel fromnt then dred lit hIlld a right to marry Litly Ca inaudra, You know, lledmtond, they lived cilchl other loMe hblorn tile Inarquln tmet mie," MJr. atnrlihamt regards her with unlcigned nntat itnent. " liut, mliy poor dlar," ait atnyn, "Lord St. Anhyn will have to tlo to you hnoal, of aoOrte, wi lleII I learirn tfliot yoil are alte." Itlt ll'in ithnaren hrr hond sadly. "I shall nvir noma bown btween thael again," elton ?s't. " lhlt I utiitt ltava tay hil,"'' "lYiul nall Ihav hlat, llean, I promise yoni," "jilt did Ltoril lt. Aiubvn say ro? hid yotin u hm, Itanltlnd Io Ynlt have not o ld me ,et. Dn)'ah Io lknw" thntl nltill livo I" PY-s, hIo a na n it? , It ] ,n" "It ulnlmn d," shl n aia, itl n lown voico, " what did lie ny Did lie eom eit gld or sorry '' 'lnho aoplain nhuttil hia letli lird; htI agoniy throughl all thu? trying rIenn Is gIlraitr than anything the forenl'ien voila "I thilnk h tot n?l olad, Iln"e,," htn Oantilllw trutlhflly, "0'whni I flrt toll lilt. lIt bIolked ;eid, I thonil,. ]tut It plans hims In S had poulthn, you ea:, 1-1 thliln ho will hnvo Il ,Ilaitltnd," IIr Iipl qu lvlr oaloln, bIl. nhlt daluloe'l the Inttar from he)Ir ,yen, "1\'n, of aouron, hIo will lawin Iattnllnd, and tillt (I ahl tt w th hi1tt. I era l .xlet ot tnothitti nlinc-thoughlll hie di, lon tia', Ifil. tttond, It n? niS 1 L ti it n, td enifl mia SIItll Inlottlh r.' I wtlh I couil t fihit tioi lnd toll hitt how I fool, I don't bhinlae hl , anid 1 hlope he viil in vo.y Iappy-- hlo and Lady ]aerandra. I ,ohoal never lift my finger to do tiinm harmu; but I must havo my chili.' " Yes, you shall have your child, BDes." On this rame Febr:ury afternoon the late tri?onwiNnih entered the entlnl town nerreat t:o Abordvduo Lodge put down a solitary Ipa: niencr--a little maiden, closely wrapped corl hooded, and carrying a small valico in her haud. Shie Etandu an ins)ant on the wet comfort lees pltlatform, loohing with keen bright eyca; then, gathering hoer wind-tossed cloak mnore closely, aho molke her way into the bheart c the drearylittle town. A public.houee with the imago of the brazen lion on its mwaying aign attracts her notice, and she wtalks riel:y up tht v:eather- beaten itelo a nd in at the open door. " W\Vell, mimsie," enys the landlord, ctrug plingl hrisklly to lbi dumpy lego, " what can I do for you 7" " I wi'h to know in what direction I can find Abcrdudno Lodge," replies the little maid, rl o:aling in brol.en Englieh. " Ahbrduduo Lioid! I" he r, pmts, omolg. lng front behind hit bar. " Well, moy pretty mion, if you'll junt stoep out I'llt cho you tlhe oil place. You can eoe it plainly enough. Aoudn regular old ghost ne!t it ir." Ih nmaotee his way to the door and Josie for it ic ihe-fllonws hin. "Thlt', the place, ny dear," ho says, pointi?R one stubby fingl r towards n huge Illtat pile on tho sumnmitt of a ca.n nohed cliff, Joain loolie at tie grim old alructureo with bri.tnt and fenalrrec . - - "Now, can you get me n canrlao.o drive oip thiere ?' nhlt nulo precently. Thoe lndlord tr-areae his r.netouiobment in aprolcngcl whistle. " Whly, what does it Incon 7'"le u?yF- -"so matny prettyIfaed women- lflks roing np there. Whist dcca it men ?--thnt' what I twant to know. It was only two days ago lthat another orEU was here after a con. voynncw op to Aherdudno. I acnt her pil and that w.e tho Int of it; IPhodid not come hback. Maybeho lubeanrd liven up there in theon blnck iurrets. W\ho knows? No, in. decdt, mly dear, I can't think of euoh n thing an etnding you to tthat old hosent.trp at this hour ; e'o0 can atny here at the Golden Lion to.niyit if you lihk, and I may manage it in the morning," tle puts out bin fat hand to pat the pirl'n ,houlder. She drawo back with flonhing eyea, and nlmott falls into the orma of a young gentleman who has just come up the astop. VWhy, Dobbol, my good fellow, whnt's thtl" dlemnndo the now-conrr, hefore Jooll recovero her breath sunfllciently to rpzolr. PThe dumpy Inndlord turns round in evident consternntion. " Ah, it's you, Sir Arthur, in it '" he criea, in an apologetic voice. "'aid no thought of recine you baclk po Fnen. Glad to tee youen, lhough, Sir Arthur. Thero's a good fire in the parlor. Come in, Fir,pleanse." M3r. Dohhi i.nores the pretty, indicnont dmlnsel rltogetltr, and directc his attention solely to Sir Arthur, an he ttna been celled; but Sir Artihur hlin?melf lookl towards her with adm irt?g oltnco. "1 hrie youl pardon," ho ventures to Fay, after soeine irsitotion ;' but if f oon be of any corv'cn to you, it will givn me plensure." doic givell Sir Arthur otne svift, eharp lot. rand hoe colt at t figlnce that the tlan bef re her it a gentltrmin. Silto mnlen a n:ttrnt'tl?sy,thi atetrike thle youn bnronet an brint pernce itclf. " 1 thoank yello. moinueioer," arho replier. "I rtnp?ol here to nrake irquirits about Ahber. ?lnilo Lodlgo. I oeult1 be clad if I eolld got a c:rriae to takl i ato tnIl place. Thnt'a it, I h litve, on the eif thlerol?" 'i?ho landlord limnos n attempt to FIpeak, hut sFie nilenrct him with a olanco of her blaztting eye; and Dor Arthlir, nnlmdly thinking that he never aow ouob oeyc before, mnl:to answ0 r: " That in Ahcrdudno Lot'ge, and a dreary old plano it is. Sorely You have no thought of roinl there to-night ?" Jodoc Iteitates a nminute, glancing out into the mirty ploom. " I did thlink of it," oile answered, hall to hereclf nnd hall to Sir .\rthur. " 1 ,leer young lady," Fnay the gentle. Inan,cttnniely, "let tme p enrado you to Itive over lach re ptturtore. You Ihnto no idea what a e!cep, Elippepry road it is, or what a plomtly old pile the lodoa in when you arrive there. I vrn there yesterday myeclf. Th, old Inefec i t falling into ruins, and in quite edieertod. It srerun a pity, for it is a grand old vtructure, dntir:e back to the days of the Neormr.ne. I wonder at Lord St, Aubyn'a neglect." " It in quilo deserted, you anyl" repeals Jc?lo. " Qo.ite. L'lL to the mercy of the bhat and owlb, nod the ihosts, no the country folk about hre hbate it." " Not for such a long time, though, Sir Arthur," pale in the lnndlord. "An old man lived therroe until--let's Fcr-londy yce, it was Mondsy the lady got here, and eha tool him away." " Indeed I" reoponda Sir Arthur. " I wao not nware hith old place hand been inhr.bited for yearn." "Yen, Sir Artlhur," conoinnn Mr. DIobts, oea'erly, tihe old roan han lived here for yrito--ono of Iord St. Aubyon'n crvaton, I think, The old chap never let on what hon was--lnm nt a moou.e. o i came doiwn ot co in t while for wine; bult the lady eanllo, and I rent hir up there and lhe didn't. come bac:, She toant wor1d by the lad, an she meant to etny all night, hiand iake the old man away witl her nftt nmornirng. o I h:iun her father, I eupposeo Eho did, Sir .\rthtr, no wot'o not clappell eyn on the ohl 'lon hince." " .\d you have never heard ofl any other persona bhing noon at ltholndno 1" .akc Joeie, her oven foll of feverish intereot. "Nnvnr Atotal,tmian," tin replies, chceriflly "only when Lord St. Aubyn eonno one with i?n nick wilfe, and thit wato years ago." Josio gathero tlp her cloak, and Inoo:n dubtiouly out ilut tae , 'lonemy nlternoen. "If you haven n grent doire to sec thn old lIon'," putI in Sir Arthur, politely, "and would like to gIo iup to-morrow, my dnRairt in hrro, and mty tont in at your nervier." "'T'lhnk you, sir," replicn JoHio, alter a mnunton''.t tlountmll, "hit inte I find thl ,lio d. 'titd, I may change mlo y minld. I will not put yon to firther trouble, Good. day," She tripn away, entd tIe two nen loob n(ter her with admiring eyes. "S!o don't belong to thino part," remarklis the landlerd. Hir .\rtlhr tayanoithlit, but lio fr.cn be. Iraos tlm curiositoy ntd internero, tin rtonda irreooloteo an inotanmt, and theln ntrides down the nipe,. "Yot ore gtot Igoing, Sir .\rthur?"'que. "Yai," roItto1tedo Ito (larontt, "I'll bo backl in anlot hour. itrts lly dinner lhot." It nalloko ra'dili awaty, itt tlrl nameo dircoe Iint inl onhioh ,Jooit loan jtunt dliepntned--a citr'lm(totet nwltitt tlie:th on re a hrtltIt wit r ond sborlt, of thte aoltotlelrn fronl the Itandlorld, ns It ilalrholohin way Iitok to thie inn, F.PIoavthile Sir Arthtr purtotcn Iit wolk, ned in t venry fnwo mitnten ooltlc in tlght cof ,emio, liHho it Mnn Ct tetoi treot whoihi rOuIt ]hro)/h t ht town, ontl whith econtnnat t a flln voiew ol the inadlintlon nld cl Alorddttno hlo wdlltll onl Inttllly for nolnto lrme, and lir 0 nrltotr flo]]on, h,'roohimtmn eer it nrilhtl " Now, I thiotl hIt lo tttnv," ho titntlo, " whoit ' toe ai, Ollt t elllt rol Watlln at oelC i plvleo an AIerollrnon i" to, llaomo bho pnle, for otnio hto tortn-el in helr onritk walk t nllo d eentoln irronolttls e, willl t.er eyeg? iloof ttotablo the nol lodge. teor (ho opietof Ia tomentot Idhe lCnmto ert, thoe aircihen boldily out into Il l nutdly clig road nttilbarll uprtdt to Lho Iodo oln e ht mmnlit ol thie tif ,-('i P, a-enttu/etd.) .i 