Smiles. 'DON'T you like to hear someone singing on tho water, far away ?' sho asked. 'Yes,' he murmured, ' far away.' Inquisitive person: ' What's that you do ho drinking wid your whisky this morning, Mr. Quinn?' Mr. Quinn: 'Pollynarie water.' Inquisitive Person: 'Sure, what does it taste loike ?' Mr. Quin: ' Woll it tastes loike yer foot was asleep.' The leading thing at a horse fair is a halter. Teacher: 'You may answer, Tommy Jones. Why do birds fly?' Tommy Jones: ''Cause they ain't such fools as walk.' Lady: ' .Iy husband and I never dispute before children. If we think a quarrel is coming on, we send them out.' Kind Friend : ' Oh, that's why I see them so often in the street.' Tired Mother (to three-year-old trying to climb into her lap) : ' Get down, Winnie. Haven't you got a lap of your own ? ' Winnies : ' Ess, but me tan't sit on it.' 'What are you crying about, my little man ?': 'Johnny O'Brion licked me first, an' then father licked me for letting Johnny lick me, and then Johnny licked me again for telling father, an' now I suppose I shall catch it again from father.' ' How'odd it looks to see that blind man going along tapping the. sidewalk with his cane? ': 'Yes, that's because ho's blind. If he wore like you, he would carry it horizon tally under his arm, to poke out other people's eyes! ' When I see Wealth and Cupid Run a bitter race, I'll bet on Cupid 10 to 1 For second place. He (seriously) : ' Do you think your father would object to my marrying youP' ,he: Idon't know. If he'e anything like mo he would.' 'Jones, did you ever hear the "Song of the Shirt?"' 'No (hbo), Billings, Inever did. Fart is (hic) I didn't know a shirt could (hic) sing.' 'Goodness, John ! how ,quee baby looks. Ibelievo he is going to ~ave a fir.' By George ! I believe you are right. Whore's my camera?' Gentleman (to theatrical lessee): Are you superstitious?' Leeree : 'Not particularly. I know that it is unlucky if there are only thirteen people in the theatre.' 'My wife saved me from being robbed by a desperate character one night.' How ?' 'lie climbed into our room window at mid. night and went through my trousers pockets, but he got nothing. She had been there first.' A farmer sent half a crown for a lightning potato-bug killer which he saw advertised in a paper, and received by return two blocks of wood with directions printed on them as fol. lows :--' Take this block, which is No. 1, in the right hand; placeths bug on No. 2, and press them together. Remove the bug, and proceed as before.' A young'exquisite dressed faultlessly, and with a pair of shoes that tapered to a point in the most fashionable style of the time, was visiting at a country house. A bright little four-year.old boy looked him all over until his eyes rested on his shoes. He stared at his own chubby feet, and then at the visitor's, and, looking up, said, ' Haz oo 'ad all oo's toes tutted off but one ?' ' See here; I thought you said this horse you sold me last week was fearless of locomo tives?' 'Well, is'nt he?' 'No. When I was out riding yesterday afternoon he began to cut up when he saw a locomotive ap proaching, and tried to dash right into it.' ' Well, if a horse was afraid of a locomotive he wouldn't try to run right into it, would he He'd try to run away fromt' ' school class. The infant class looked troubled. Theirideas on the subject were of the most vague description, and, they seemed to think, hardly worth mentioning. The question passed down the class almost to the very foot, meeting only a blank look or a shake of the head, until at last the smallest tot of all ventured a reply-' Pethe, miss, it ith a man without any meat on it' 'A painter had been commissioned to paint the image of a saint on the refectory wall of a convent. The price stipulated was very low, but it was agreed that the painter should have his meals provided at the ex. pense of the convent until the work was finished. But the only food supplied to the poor artist was breed, onions, and water. The day for unveiling the fresco at length arrived. The friars s;ood round the artist, the curtain was remowd. It was no doubt a very fine picture, but the saint had his back turned toward the spectators. ' What does this mean?' esouted the indignant prior. ' Padre, I waecompelled to paint the pic~ro ae yo'a see it, :or the saint could not beat the smell of onimsa.' Woman ::'Bobby, rou never tied a tin can to a dog's tail, did you ' Bobby: 'No, ma'am.' Woman: '[ knew that a little boy with as good a look a: you have would never do such a thing.' Tobby : ' No, ma'am; I jest gits the can and tring for the boys.' Grocer: 'Now, mylittle man, what is it you want?' 'Urohi: 'Sixpennyworth of treaole.' Grocer (afbr weighing out the de sired quantity) : ' Wdl, where is the money P' Urchin: 'It's inside he jug.' Eihel: 'Dj you tlink there will be mar riages in heaven ?' Iaud: ' For your sake, I trust so, dear; Etenity may furnish you the opportunity whia Time refuses.' Policeman (to tied citizen): ' Do you think you can get hae alone, lir. Smith ?' Tired citizen : ' Yeh, .I can (hio) get t' fron' door 'lone, but.fter that (hio) I guesh I'll have .amp'ry.' ' Whbt is Smith doing now ' 'He is travelling with a cirs.' ' Pretty hard work,. isn't it?' 'No. Hchas nothing to do but stick his head in to lion's mouth twice a day.' George: ' Ohaple: is one of those fellows who have more mney than brains, isn't he?' Jessie: 'Ye; and he isn't rich either. Mudge: 'I was sound to a spiritualistic seance last night. Ln alleged ghost shook hands with me andlaimed to be Thaokeby -you remember Tkoksby, I suppose. Ho told me a great may things that astonished me, but I am cortailit was not Thacksby.' Yabeley: ' How d, you know ?' Mudge : ' He did not try to olrow a sixpence.' A man who wa !preparing a series of recipes for a cookey book engaged the ser vices of a celebratel clf as critic and reviser of his work. One dar he submitted to the oef a recipe for lepon-pie which ended with the directioni'hen sit on the stove and itir constantly'/ The chef twirled his thumis and said: '[tstrikes me that's rather a usdless direotio, Ifor if you sit on the stoveyou're bound bhtie constantly.' 