THE ESKBANK IRONWORKS AND PROTECTION. In our columns j'esterday it was an nounced that certain extensions which were about to be undertaken in connection with the Eskbank ironworks will not bo proceeded with. When Mr. See's scheme for taxing the people of New South Wales into prosperity was first disclosed iron was among the articles which was to bo raised in price by a 10 per cent, duty. In view of this Mr. Sandfokd, the pro prietor of the Eskbank ironworks, made preparations tor the manufacture of several kinds of iron. As things woro before Mr. Dmns came into office these could be pro cured from abroad at so cheap a rate that Mr. Sandford could not enter into com petition for thoir supply. Ho could not, with the wago rate prevailing here, turn out manufactured iron at as low a price as it now costs landed on our shores. This being so users, of iron would not patronise his products, being free to make a very much better deal. In his first tariff pro posal Mr. See, as wo have said, included irou, and Mr. Sandfohd concluded that a 10 per cent, interdict against the imported arilicle would bring enough compulsory grist to his mill if it was built. So ho " entered into arrangements for the pur chase of a new site and the best modern plant for making plate, sheet, angle, chan nel and T iron, "intending to embark in tho new business on a scale which would give employment to 200 or 300 men. But the architects of their country's fortunes have seen fit to suddenly change the Bjpetrifica- 1 tions. As a result, perhaps, of the " pri vate interviews" from which Mr. See expects to derive inspiration and guid ance, several important alterations luivc been made. In the character of one who knows what is best for everybody, where they should buy and sell, and what they should or should not be permitted to do in their own business, the Colonial Treasurer has come to tho decision that a duty is not ' to be placed upon manufactured iron. Simultaneously Mr. Sandfoed has come to tho conclusion that it will not pay kiin to manufacture it, and the projected new works will not be gone on with. To the patriots who advocate "the policy of living upon other people's camiugs this will be a subject for lamentation. The apostles of tariff confiscation will dwell upon the los3 the country has sustained through tho non- establishment of a new industry which would have given employment to 200 or 300 men. It will be represented, of course, that these men would have been producers of wealth, that the supplying of their needs would give employment to a large number of others, aud that a sort of charmed circle would liavo been created within the colony round which the money would circulate, enriching everybody. Anyone favoring straight dealing and having a reasonable comprehension of the laws that govern wealth production will look at the matter in a very different way, however. Iron is an article of very wide and general use, forming the raw material or the tools of a hundred occupations. At present, owing to a happy change in Mi'. See's mind, these users of iron have the markets of the world open to them. They can buy what they require where it is cheapest, thus surrendering the smallest percentage of their earnings. If a 10 per cent, duty had been put on it would have increased tho cost of iron to them by that ainouut at least. Mr. Sandfoed and his 200 or 300 men. instead of bcincr legitimate wealth-producers living by honest in dustry in the supply of a real want, would have been parasites and pensioners upon the iron-using workers of the colony. Instead of living by the supply of an ex isting want, they would have had an arti ficial want created especially in order that they might go to work to supply it. Under these circumstances every rational person will be glad to hear that Mr. Sandfokd's State-bolstered enterprise is not being gone on with. Coming into existence on its own bottom, and as a result of public demand, such an undertaking would be a national advantage, but as a political mushroom coming to life behind the un healthy shelter of a tariff it would be — like all protected industries — a national weakness. The humbug of the whole thiug should not need proof from among ourselves. In Victoria they have highly protected ironworks which, aftcrllcecing the people for nearly a generation, cannot give the promised employment. They havo highly protected factories of many kinds, which after years of similar iieeeing havo sent their employes to the Government to beg relief works. They have highly protected woollen mills idle and practically bankrupt. Even the Red Cross Preser ving Company, one of the first born and most trumpeted abroad of Victorian pro tected industries, has closed its shutters and given up the industrial ghost. Unfair and barren of national good as subsidised employment is, protection is plainly not able to give even that. 