'? i4n 4^ ra?*^^ ^Mir .: ON HEB, TBAVELg,. UTTOSUTEB. From London to Uttdxeter, in Staffordshire, is a plsftBantionmey of abontliO mileB by rail, nothing to'AuBtraUanB, but an immense distance to the raral EngMeh mind, many of the people having lived in their own .county all their lives, and thinking of a trip to London as a daring deed far too fall of peril and danger for them to attempt. The country all along tne ime was very lonely, and moat retreshiiigly green, thongh the fields were yellow with the over ripe corn tied into ' stocks ' and trying to get dry, a difficult matter with so mach rain anji so little sun, *£he farmers complain bitterly and say;they see rain before them with such an unusual aeaEpn, Taut that is a little way the farmeta have eren at the other aide of the world, and yet ^ never heard of an insolvent farmer in all my life. This is a queer little old town, famoue for its market, ita china— Minton's, Spore's, Wedgwood's, &0j being Quite nsar— ite beer (Allsopp's), and for having been the birthplace of Mary Howitt. BeaideB tbeMj Samnel Bentley, the Utfcoxeter poet, was born ana lived here, ' The Eiver Dove ' being perhaps one of his best known efforts. Ween he wus 75 years of age he was etrnck blind by a flaEM of lightning, and on hia 77di birthday wrote a poem en the subject, in which he alludes to hia calamity and inability now to read or see again. One verse rather amused me — I riow'no mpre must join in festive dance. Or ?with, agility aggin mast spring; Nor with light steps through lengthened rants advance, \- Nor hand conioined with hand lead round the ring. I wonder how much longer Mr. Bentley would have continued to ' leada round the ring,' if he had not been prevented by blindness from joining in the giddy dance. Mary Howitt' s is a pretty old-fashioned little place with a rlbvely garden. She is now living in Switzerland, thongh she has not written mnoh ot late years. It was her son. Alfred Howitt, who was manager of the relief party sent out by the Eoyal Society of Victoria to duebver Burke Jand Wiila, and who brought back King, the only survivor. Another son, Herbert, was drowned in Lake Brnnner, 'New Zealand. In the market-place is a MONUMENT TO 3-B. JOHNSON, the story being that he as a boy disobeyed Mb father, and as an act of penance he stood on that spot bare .heftded, with the rain beating down on him, for two honrs— this wae 50 years after his act of disobedience. Bather Jata in the day. bat the sin had evidently preyed on. his mind. Hie father it appears was a bookseller, and wss in the habit of 'attending Uttoieter market with a stall of booke, and on this occasion bad desired 'Samuel' to take charge of them, as he himself was ill in bed. This Samuel refused to do from a feeling of pride ; hence his bitter repentance and snbseqnent act of public penance. The old Church of St. Mary's is situated near the market-place. It is supposed to have been built originally about 1272, bat the spire and tower alone remain o£ the original edifice, both in the decorative style, and very handsome specimens of ?? that architecture. The church was rebuilt in 1828. There is a fine reredos over the altar, built of Derby shire marble and alabaster. We also noticed a very ancient-looking monument to a member of the Stanley family, who is represented in effigy, dressed like an abbess, with crossed hands and rosary com plete. ~ Her legs have been half-sawn' off, however, evidently to enable her to fit into the corner where ehe is reposing. In olden days this poor lady was driven away by some of the Church's enemies from Tntbnry Abbey, and, making for Uttoreter, was lost in the woods at nightfall, when, hearing the enrfew bell, Bhe was guided by the sound and arrived safely at the town. To show her. gratitude she — when she departed from Uttoxeter eventually — left A BELL FULI. OF.MOJfET, .„..-. and made the request that the bell shonld be per petually rung. This custom was actually kept np till 1881, three tang-s for the lady abbess baing given before the curfew bell was rang night and morning. It is told that on one occasion a certain sexton who omitted the tangs was horrified at beholding the abbess—or rather her ghost^-who, after fixing a look full of menace al the affrighted delinqaent, ascended the bell rope and vanished. Talking of the curfew bell, this ia one of the few towns in England where it is still rnsg, though why the oixstom is kept np we could not discover. Cer tainly the inhabitants do not ' cover the embers and pnfc oat the light ' at 8 o'clock. Of course we were taken to see the great china works of Minton's at Stoke, a tew miles irom Uttoxeter. (Jiose to the -railway station we .noticed a- handsome etatne to Josiah Wedgwood, who died in 1795\. The manufactory is at a place called Efcroria, rob far from Stoke. Spode's anl Copeland's china is also made in the same dis tfiot; perhaps tho factories were built there because of the coal which is abundant in Staffordshire, a great quantity being used for baking the china and pottery in the furnaces. The manager at Minton's toJd us that it took 24 tons at a time to heat one of their tar* naces. We were shown specimens of the ??-'? '? ?- ' QUEEN'S CHINA,' w°hich was really very lovely, especially her ' best dinner eet,' of royal blue and gold, with the mono- ' gram 'in the centre of each plate ; one plate we specially admired, of Dresden design, with Watteau figures beautifully painted thereon; this was valued at 37gs. Mrs. M — — ? a, a banker's wife, of New Tcrk, recently purchased 18 ot these plates. .Banking- must be a lucrative calling in America, we concluded. All or most of the ciay used for the china cornea f rcm Cornwall. We were told that they employed 1300 people altogether atMinto&'s factory. The tiles made are very beautiful ; some of the mosaics .too being wonderfully like the Italian from which many of the designs are taken. The mosaic flooring of the Union Bank, Sydney, was made at these works. Special courtesy waa extended to vb as Australians, and altogether we were charmed with our visit to Minton's. The market at Uttcxeteris held every Wednesday-, when any amount of farmers with their wives and ? daughters and the inhabitants generally attend. The butter and cheese ere famous in Uttoxeter. The china stalls too a.ra well patronised, as many good pieces can often be purchased mach cheaper than in the shopB ; 'the *.' wastrels ' or slightly flawed .bits being sold for very little to the stallholders, who buy them st the pot teries. Miss Sydney discovered an old curiosity ebop in the town, from whence she emerged triumphant with an old Tarn O'Shanter mng a'jd a piece of old Spode ia the shape of a much-cracked sugar bowl. A VISIT TO ALTON TOWESS, the residence of the Earl of Shrewsbury, was one that we enjoyed very much. The young lord disiSngTiished (himself eome 10 years ago by rnnning off with a certain Mrs. Mnndy, whose hne band shortly afterwards obtained a dirorce. The earl %hen married her, andthey seem likely to 'live happy ever after,' bb is sometimes seento.be the contrary way of things m wus wicked world. There are three children, and the countess ia a most charm ing and lovely lady, though some 10 years older than - her lord. Certainly the castle and grounds are magnificent, the grand conservatory alone having' cost nearly ^14^000, and ia nearly 300 feet 'long.''1 We' saw tne Dutch Garden with its sculptured portrayal of Prometheus and the rock, the Harper'e cottage, the residence at one time of a real Welsh harper, the pagoda fountain, Jacob'B ?Jjadder, and Drnidical altar. We enjoyed crossing the drawbridge over the moat with the original old chairs and machinery for moving it, the embattled tower-^bn each side of which are the 'armorial bear- ings stately ' — opening into the hall where the blind (why are they always blind) harper used to play before he died. The armory with the old eword inscribed 'I belong to Talbot to conquer my enemies,' we next saw; then the picture gallery, etate-rpoms, libraries, popts' corner, arid music- room, the chapel and chapel corridor and countess's boudoir. Iiady Shrewsbury is the sister-in-law of Lord Hindlip, who was staying for some $une in Sydney. He leases Lord Waterpark's place, where the Prince pf Wales Bblnetimea1 latays wiQi-Bim, ^^ %nd -who htoldB a large interest in the eelebratedbreweryof which Iub lordship is the head. Theieturn drive was very enjoyable, the Boenery being some of the best in England, with its hills and dales, its vivid greeanesB, and the beautiful Biver Dove going on for ever. ; ? BATON WOODS were passed, not far from where is Rocester, where Gejjrge Eliot was. born— her Adam Bede being taken from a well-known resident of the neigh borhood. In Ei&cester; is the large tape and dpttpri factor^ pi a '' Mr. Phillips. Sir Per cival Heywoodi a rich banker of Manchester, founded the eoUegeofpenatone, and wlao built a very b^uEf^ Jat^e chnrcTd, whicli we weot to see at the futile Tillage of Denstbne on bur way 'bEck. His wife, it apnears, was very fond of it, and he being yery fond M lier, spared neither pains nor money to have ^|iwPBaig|i te^eet »f poB9ii-i«.: W& ionlptured reredos of the crucifixion, the stone pulpit, stained wJWaQWg, pifltureBjjeetierji, and ctobb were exquieite. It is said ait Sir Perciyal ia now eren snore devoted to tie^vr^ ^^iB^iua^ladyi1 Moral : Huabands, please y6nrTviv«Bi and you willend by pleasing your selves even more. The wych gate at tKe entrance was very quaint; the green burial grpnnd peaceful Mid sweet I should rather like to te bnried there myself 'some day.' Denetone Churchyard looks as if it could only be a resting-pladefof heaven. , Some wnere mear ib Hoar^Cross, where Canon Xnox Little lives sineo Mb health broke down. HiB church is teaHtifftl Wnd Mb rectory 'pio$nres-nie. ,; Chur net Valley - fnd^; rivfir looked pretty its :%;.^a™';-^^^'™**i*a^T mvitirg and |n ihebr Ipnf^^hadowa sheep and cowa rested. Hips and haws gieamed red on the hedges., where rosy oiuldnn were ftlraady looking for blaokberriea. Truly, Staffordehue is a favored cotmty. ' tJhur^i W-est Melbotu^e, --nSun^ «Abe^thr^po6r-boMB of their contents. A 