"A FEW WORDS ABOUT THE COLONIES." This was the title of a leetdre delivered by Mr. J. li. Sheridan before the Australian Natives' Association on Monday evening. The lecturer gave humorous criticisms of tiie different Auhtralasian cities and their inhabitants. In his comments on South Australia he said that, geographically speaking, the province was bounded on thq north by an income tax, on the south by the single tax, on the east by some stolen property, and on the west by the greatest force in nature—a vacuum. It was expected that some months would pass before men - of - war would be seen at anchor in' the placid waters of the Torrens. The Adelaide natives were harmless and peaceable. They were not all black. Some were not so black as they were ainted. There were several painterj in Ade- but there was one painter Adelaide Ciide, would never want to cut. Adelaide possessed some knights. Adelaide nights ten months in the year were charming. They were, sometimes apt to be cold—perhaps because of the title and wearing big boots. With a view to centralization the Adelaide man had placed his Lunatic Asylum at one end of North-terrace, his Parliament House at the bther, and the Destitute Asylum in the middle. A few Adelaide men had a liking for taking care of their own property. A few others thought this was wrong. Most, however.,did not like their own property interfered with. The oonseqoenoe was that there was less poverty in Adelaide than in any other city in the world, and there were very few larrikins. After touching lightly upon political movements, the lecturer recommended . the following among other "books," to the rising political economist:—"On the Fallacy that Two and Two are Four," Adam Smith; " The Advantages of Poverty," by W. K. Simms; "An ei- Attomey-General on the Law of Riot;" "Day Dreams, "Bellamy: " Anarchical Institutions," Herbert Spencer; "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow,"Henry George; "The Just Principles of Taxation," by the Other Man; "Distress in Birks-street," by a Single-Taxor; "Natural Rights," by a Trigamist; "True Happiness," by a Socialist; "Evolutionary Enigmas," by an Old Politician; "Topay Turveydom," by an Inverted Saint; Nancy Lee, "On Woman Suffrage"; "Political Fallacies," by an Artful Dodger; "Prisons I ought to have Seen," by a Modem Economist. The lecturer said that as one with forty-two years' legal experience be wished to say a word or two on the administration of justice and the qualifications of those who assisted in the administration of justice and practised the profession of the law. At present the necessity of a three years' University course or a five years' service under Articles, .during which the legal aspirant oonld do no manner of work apart from legal studies except work connected with journalism or teaching, acted as a potent bar to boys who under other auspices might become some of our moBt lifted jurists and legislators. In America, through the freedom with which the gates of the profession were open to all oompetent persons, were found a Lincoln and a Garfield occupying the highest post in one of the most powerful nations on thiB globe. These men rose from the humblest. ranks— What chance of becoming a member of the legal profession, and thus gaining a steppingstone to honour and fame, would those men have bad in these colonies ? What chance was there here for a poor man's son, with the embryo talents of a St. Leonards or an Erskine, becoming even a practising barrister or solicitor? He would say throw down the barriers to the industir and talents of a poor but gifted boy, who, if allowed, might rival Brougham—that "name of ounisaence"—or a Jessel Many lawyers were inferior advocates ; many laymen were splendid advocates. The public were entitled to the widest range of choice, and would be qnick to discern and employ the fittest man u the choice was open. The simple operation of the law of natural selection would Boon obliterate the man who was unfit to practise the profession. Sir George Grey had oourteomly favoured him with a copy of the Law Praotitioneis Bill which he had introduced, and which was now before the New Zealand Parliament. It enacted—"That every male person of the full age of twenty-one years, of whuse good fame and reputation and of whose learning in the law any one or more of the Judges of the Supreme Court fchall be satisfied, shall be entitled to be admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court and generally to the practice of the law acd to all the rights and privileges thereof, and to be . enrolled as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court." Why should not South Australia do likewise? In some Continental countries tribunals of commerce were constituted wholly of mercantile Judges, who really were the counterparts of our J.P.'s when sitting in our Local Courts. The jurisdiction of these tribunals was unlimited by any consideration, of amount. They gave entire satisfaction, and administered justioe simply, speedily, and cheaply. In these Courts even the agents of the parties oould appear as of right and conduct causes. In the administration of justice the legal element was thus minimized, and the lay element, representing intelligence and common sense, preponderated, and, best of all, the community was satisfied. In all English-speaking oommuifitiee the legal mind (if any Buch there be) was rapidly discarding precedent and adopting principles. We were swiftly coming to ihecode period of legal history, having discovered die hollowness of that reliance npon precedent, which had as much substantiality as the Cock - lane ghost. We viewed with mingled feelings of sorrow and disgust those innumerable volumes of law reports, the cases in which might fairiy be said to represent so many squandered, fortunes or wasted lives. He asked them to aid in this great work of reform, so that the Courts of law might no longer be a terror to the honest man or a protection to the wealthy rogue. We in South Australia had been the leaders in real property law reform, in which we were ahead of any nation in the world. He urged them to cany their ideas onward, and devote at least some tune in formulating a system for the administration of broad justice (not narrow law), so that the poorest man might approach the Court with confidence, and if honest, with hope, undeterred by the bugbears of delay, oomplexity, and expense. A discussion followed the address, and Mr. Sheridan was awarded a hearty vote of thankp. 