THE LADLES' PAGES. A Modern Literary Woman. Once upon a time it was considered necessary* to know iyonr own language before ' yon presumed : to write it; and to golthrough a qourso pf study before you ventured to present your literary efforts for, public criticism.' But tüe wouia-oe literary WOIUHXJ of to-day is above such trifles. She studies :, neither grammar, nor ; diction, nor human nature ; and as for à comprehensible , p ot, she poorns snch rr in or details. She has an in vincible objection also to variety. ; Haying lassoed an idea, she writes it threadbare, and the same men, women, »nd incidents orop up in novel after hovel, until to read one is to know them all bv heart. '.Her self-esteem blinds her to tho fact that the public can ever grow weary of her meandering. Should ¿he have ever hunted, she ; treats everlastingly of the stable and the hunting-field,' and ; girls . pf. all sorts and kinds, and men t who .. make love to them whilst "on horseback (which is next door to a physical impossibility). If she \- happens, haphazard, to produce a ghost story that catches the general fancy, she spins out yards ' of , ghosts, until we are made more afraid of her than of them. And the rapidity with which the modern romanoer produces her rubbish is the most heart » breaking: part of the whole affair. We can't get away from her. Directly one'volume has passed ' into oblivion (which it does pretty quickly), another adorns the bookstalls. This sort of literary woman does not write from the need of bread. Oftener than not she pays a sum down to induce her publisher to issue her hook, and this fact is at tho . . bottom of so much rubbish finding its way intq the libraries. Sho writes to gratify her vanity and;to bring herself into.public notice. If her noveleare \- grossly immoral, or ehe herself has figured in a libel . or a breach of pro-niee case, a certain eeotion of the hydra-headed publio will forgive all her faulty ; grammar and bad French, for the Bake of h"r deliciously-exoiting associations. ' ? . , ; But the would-be literary woman is not always content with seeing her work* bound in red and blue " and green, with her nama 'in eold letters on the \- back. Having secured a hearing aa a storyteller, she . will probably come before us as a dramatist to see , her oreations move and epeak upon the stage, and as she knows nothing of the exigencies of the drama, but I relies on a heavenly belief in herself, she must expect . tp have to awailow the bitter pill of failure. The exacting th^are-going public and the heartlees " dramatic critic may be relied upon for telling her the '... plain unvarni-hed truth; and, disgusted with her short, and by no means sweet, experience of dramatic anthorßhip, she will doubtless seek solace among her old and faithful friends-the patrons of third- rate i literature._ 