ON FEDERATION MR. G. H. REID IN REPLY. THE FATHER OF THE COMMONWEALTH. AN OPINION OP .PARKES. ? PARLIAMENT ON. ITS!, LAST, LEGS.' — III8 POLITICAL . Ol'INIONS.-TIIl! PREMIER'S EPITAPH. : ? THE FREETRADE SHIP . IS ; SINKING.— THE- NORTH S11011IS ; ; BRIDGE.— OROAN'S FOll T11H G OVER NJIENT. In the Protestant Hall, Sydney, on Monday night, Mr. G. II. Reid, in replying to the speech recently delivered by Mr. , Barton at Manly, made a most powerful impression on the people, and was accorded a thoroughly enthusiastic reception and a splendid hearing. ? In i criticising'the Premier lie said : — A few nights ago, when Sir Henry Parked appeared at St.; Leonards-' an; extraordinary thing was seen. A number of gentlemen in blue were to be observed' at a political gatharing. (LaHghter.) Now that Sir Henry had become such a great .man he never went about without a battalion of policemen. | Here was this great old Liberal address ing a meeting of his own constituents -i with an audience bristling with police policemen. Why had Sir Henry not i waited a night or two before lie rushed into the breach ? Sir Henry jumped into the position to avoid having the necessity ot answering the criticism that was sure to come. . (Hear, hear.) That distinguished statesman looked upon them all as so many pawns on a chess hoard. - When lie could move someone that person was a splendid man ; when ? he could not move him Sir Henry tried to get rid oE him. (Cheers and laughter.) And when lie could not get rid of someone lie called him a muddle headed fratricide. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) PARLIAMENT ON ITS LAST LEGS. Sir Henry Parkes, talked about tho coming session of Parliament. As they knew, there were only a few months left of life in the' present Parliament. Par liament was on its last legs. (Tremen dous cheering.) And so was lie (Sir Henry Parkes). (Renewed and pro longed applause.) They might all: be sure' that ;: lie was approaching his pblitical deathbed. . He showed every ? sign of it by dragging on to the political stage all those ancient ghosts of broken political promises with which lie. had fooled them for 20 years. (Loud and long continued applause.) It was ab surd for a man to insult an intelligent community with that long catalogue of measures, winding up with one which ? (Interruption.) Someone had said that federation had been inspired by Major- General Edwards, but some of the Premier's friends had said this could not be, because that gentle man had always sneered at sol diers. This being so, they had to try something else. At the beginning of 1889 they would remember that there was a general election and the result was a close fight between protection and freetrade. (Loud applause.) Perhaps Sir Henry Parkes thought that the free trade ship was sinking — great cheering — and that he could escape by federation. (Prolonged applause and interruption.) That of course might- not be the cause of it. (Interruption and applause.) It had been said that he had lately been studying his memoirs, and , perhaps ; lie had ' been constructing i his political epitaph, and perhaps; in looking, down his epitaph he had found one line miss ing. ('Home Rule.') , No,;. . lie wanted one other lino. ? He' wanted- to include ' tho father- of the Australian Common wealth.' (Cheers and interruption.) ? ' ? THAT llltlDCE. Someone had said something about that' bridge.' If there was one. man who had tact for logrolling it was that great statesman. (Applause.) . He , would quote some lines of Sir Henry's .upon ..the bridge, written some years ago when lie; was a . candidate for St. Leonards. (Laughter.) It was one of his most celebrated poems, and read thus : — In tliat straight path a -thousand men may cross as soon, as throe ; - Now, who will stand at my, right hand and build the bridge with me ? ' ? ; Out spoke tiie bold electors, four thousand btiong aio no , tWe'll-allabide'on -? thy right side and:,build the bridge with thee I (Laughter.) They would see that that gentleman could do souio log-rolling. (Applause.) , After six years an awkward elector wantedHo bring him' to the point and asked a question as; to the state of the plans and specifications. That gentleman raised his lofty head and said, ' How can I tell you about something in one of the Government departments?' (Laughter.) When ho (Sir Henry Parkes) took to the bridge they could tell a tight fix was coming. (Applause.) As to the protection that federation was to introduce, was it likely that he (Mr. wnulrl crn in fni* if fni* hpnpfih -f Victoria after he had refused to do so 'or the farmers and manufacturers of our )wn colony ? (' No,' and applause.) CRITICISM OF THE PREMIER. And now that Sir Henry Parkes — [groans) — had cast aside the only banner which could attract liini (Mr. Roid) to liis support lie parted from him, and he felt a freer and stronger and better man. [Cheers.) Sir Henry Parkes — (hoots) — drow a large salary from the people of New South Wales, and it was his duty to attend to the affairs of the country. He was a great feature in the political world. He was known all over the globe —(ironical laughter) — and all through history they would not find an instance where a people had shown a man such sustained and generous support as the people of this colony had awarded to him. ('Cheers.'} Thev had raised him from the humblest position to circum stances which permitted him to invite communications from dis tinguished people all over the world. (Laughter.) And this was tlieir re ward ! With that insufferable arrogance which so often characterised him when tho breath of opposition crossed his path, ho was so bitterly (Jisuppointed that the people had not risen to his grand flights of nationalisation — (laughter) — that this was what he said of the colony which had made him what he was, of which ho was now the Premier, and whose salary he received. (Hear, hear.) Speaking at Manly he said : ' I place every question of provincial policy aside as completely subordinate to the groat question of the unity of the Australian colonies.' And thou ho added, pointing to a map, ' Do you observe that thin patch ? That- is New South Wales.' (Oh, oh.) What a height of impertinence this man had got to when speaking of a country whose (greatness he had so often lauded and ? which had made liim what he was, that ho could with the utmost contempt call it a ' thin patch.' (Oh, oh, and cry of ' Down with him,' and laughter.) A GRAND COUNTRY. This was a grand country. (Cheers.) It was ready ' to co-operate with all the other colonics in every matter which would advance tlic: interests of the whole, of the group- — (cheers) — and it was pre pared to deal generously with every over ture for iunion more ; or less intimate. (' Hear, hear.') But there ' was one -thing -which it would not do. ; It would not bo victimised, it would not bo a- party to a constitution- which- was an1 outrage upon all the great principles -of, its' liberties. - (' Hear, hear.')- -The three men who ought to have looked after their interests at tho Convention, were Sir Henry Parkes— (groans)— Mr. Barton and Mr. McMillan— (boohooing and a Voice : ' What about Dibbs?' and uproar.) Mr. , McMillan— (con- tinued groans)— said that lie could not. rise to the patriotism of New South Wales.- (Derisive laughter.).,. He could simply.lie gasping on. this draft bill with a pain. in his . chest. (Laughter.) Sir Henry Parlces: — (uproar) — lost sight of the people's' interests and thought of nothing but flying trips to sacrifice their liberties; while Mr. Barton, instead of tliinking of the interests of the country, j could only quote doggerel. (Great i laughter.) But there was one thing which lie (Mr. Reid) would not let them do long. HIS FUTURE INTENTIONS. He would not first allow Sir Henry Parkes to travel throngh the other ; colonics, 'i telling tliein that the people of New i South; Wales, would adopt this Constitu tion Bill. Before Parliament had been j in session for many' days he wouk^bring j him — lie could not say his Government, because none of them had yet had the courage to publicly praise the bill — (hear, hear, and laughter) — lie; would bring him before tho bar of tho House and ask the. representatives of the people to tell the whole of Australia at once that they need not expect Parliament to comply with the insolent demand of the Convention to take the bill as it stood. (Cheers.) If no one else would do it lie would invite the Legislative Assembly to pass judgment on that bill. (Renewed cheers.) He would endeavor to bring about an appeal to the people — (cheers) — and lie was sure of this, that the bill when submitted to tlio judgment of the people, would be torn to slircds. (Pro longed cheering.) At the conclusion of his speech Mr. Reid appealed to the audicnce to signify whether there was any among them who were in favor of the bill. There were one or two hands hold up in its. favor and a whole forest of them against it. The result was received with continued cheer ing. '',7'' - ' . Mr. Want, M.P.y proposed a vote of thanks to the speaker - for his able address, and for. the 'manly, fearless' way in which that gentleman had acted. Ho' was sure that when a few other public men -had- spoken; upon' sthis bill and had shown ;-the evils of it; -sit would be realised that there was a very strong opposition;to the proposed measure. : ;:Miv .Dibbs, M.P., seconded the motion, and was loudly cheered on rising to do - so. Ho might tell tliein that lie had inado up his mind to givo whatever influence- lie had in the House in sup port of any attempt Mr. Reid might make to carry out the promise lie had just given. (Cheers.) He would be prepared to sink all other issues — fiscal or otherwise — until the bill had been dealt with at the meeting of Parliament, and this without delay. (Cheers.) Ho would. willingly sink his antipathy to the Government until this question was finally dealt with. (Cheers.) When that had been done, and peace reigned within our boundaries, they, as members of the crreat colonv of New South 'Wales. would proceed to settle the fiscal policy as best suited the majority of the people; of this country. (Loud cheers.) v Mr. Abigail, M.P., then attempted to, speak, but though lie stood his ground for several minutes and Mr. Reid ap-; pealed on his behalf, ho was refused a heaving. Tho vote of thanks was carried unanimously. Mr. Reid, in returning thanks, re iterated his statement that this matter should bo brought before Parliament very soon after its assembling. He would in the meantime sink all other questions. 