Allerdale thinks that the Grand Panjandrum of the House of Assembly hypnotizes his foimer clerk. Sir Softgoods Sargood is spoken of as a probability for the position of Victorian Agent General. Several prominent Adelaide. politicians are afflicted with prolapsus asinum. The medicos are. at a loss for a remedy and fear that the disease is incurable. Our Sydney friends have been sitting Just a little too long on the safety valve, an<J-there'has been the usual natural result of general flbuifc/iljji** all round of the political boiler. ^ j1:??! Johnson, the newly made capitalist; isalffto&t; hysterical over the land repurchase scheme of the Government, and he has withdrawn his support from them. Playfordiis happier now. The Hon. Ebenezer "Ward has f$a<^ record upon oath in the Supreme G6urt that lie never told a lie in ,his life. After that Bark Patrick's expression was hardly fair, was it? If Crick, of the ct Wild Cat" party in Sydney,, had been a member of the Bibbs Ministry matters^ political would have been very lively in the City of the Beautiful Harbor. Crick is well known to some of our south-easterners. » A Melbourne journal, commenting on the announcement that Bibbs w^,s thinking of a. coalition of the Labor Party, writes :— The situation favorssquibs, - J,; And tempts to tunes upon the tabor. ,? Just fancy ! Labor making " dibs " By Dibbs annexing labor. The President "and Secretary of .the Licensed Victuallers' Association are ghosting the . Hons* of Ass|&ibly; in order to watch the progress made with' the Licensed Victuallers Bill. President' Ellery has some interesting documents containing: electioneering promises of members. But lots of those promises are forgotten by now. There is nothing like the possession of a strong Government. In Adelaide we possess this Government, and should be duly thankful* Ministers lean over to one^de of the House and whisper, " All right:^|^EHFs the paan, not Short. We are going to do it as soon as the forms of the House iwill let us get to business^' Then -they draw toe other side into a corner, and con fidentially say, "Don't you believe it; we're going to do nothing at all." A rumor—perhaps the*wish is father to the thought—is current in the Civil Service that the* Playford Government propose to immediately ascertain the amount of retiring allowance due to each officer with a view of carrying out the Com mission's recommendation that it be paid. As the; allowances carry 4 per cent, interest, and the Treasurer could pay in 3 per cent. Ti^asiijgr bills,, there would be a saving of nearly 1 per cent., and this, it is suggested, shall be handed dyer to the* new Insurance Fund for an agre^peric^ofyears. 