.LAUY L.t1'E0WYIDB SPECTRE, CHAPTER XLIII. INVEOTIGATING THE 3IYSTERY. 'Hv:l the honour of speaking to Lord COetwynd?' The stranger in quired. The marquis bowed assent. The stranger, with a deeper inclina tion of his head,presented to his lord.. ship a card upon which was inscribted 'Mr Tom Bisset, Scotland yard. The little man was the detective who had been placed at Lord Chet wynd's service, and was one of the shrewaest andmost acute men in the force. The marquis greeted him politely and surveyed him wtth a sense of disap. pointment. He did not believe that Tom Bisset-judging from his appear ance-was at all likely to 'solve the .,mystery of Lady Ohetwynd's spectre. Mr Disset was a little dapper fellow, very gentlemanly of dermeauour; he was, in fact, of gentle blood and had taken to his present calling from aheet love of it. He was an oiled as d perfumed little dandy, with sleek black locks of hair, a beardless face, the most fashionable garments, a profusion of excellent jewlery, and he sported a gold mounted eyeglass, which he held in position by one small deliaately gloved hand. Despite his conviction that Mr Bisset would be more ornamental than useful at the present crisis, Lord Ohetwynd saw that the dective officer was a gentle man, and he treated him as such. HI, introdu:ed him to Tempest,not making :known his character, and conducted both the guests to the large !open barouche which was in waiting. A minute later they were driving slowly through Eastbourne, on their way to Ohetwynd Park. 'You are not looking so well as when I saw you, my lord.' s.id the grea! explorer, somewhat anx.ously. 'Your native cir does not agree with you. You loo:k Iharssr d and worn, as if your days s"ire full of anxiety and your nights lseepless. 'You are right, Tempest,' said ths mnarqui?, a shadow setlling on biu i fair, face. 'fly days and night are such as you deccrib-.' The explorer looked concerned. 'Why is thiel' he asked. 'Does your great grief prey upon you more here in your old home than when abroad, are you ill?' 'I may as well tell you the truth, 31r Temptst,' aid the marquii gravely, o-. fter' pause. '.*Perhaps .your clear head in conjunction with Mr Bisset'a shrewdness, may be of groeat help to ue. We way talk freely-the old coachman is a tone deaf; I chose him on that account for this morning's drivte-and I nbav a conyictioa thtl I can unburden myself to yet. in return for the confidence you placed in me upon the first night of our meeting. Since that night Mr Tempest, you'lhave not been to me as other men. 1 have a tenderer feeling for you, there is a tend between us which cannot 'hibe' severed.' 'A bond deeper than you know Ohetwynd, said the explorer" pressing the hand of the marquis 'I came over to theistation, said his lordship, to meet Mr Bies', that I might have a long confidential talk with him before he e:ters my house, lam clad to admityon to our conference Tempest. I hare faith in your shrewd wit and keen judgement, ahd believe you can aid us. In the first place, to begin my confidence; Mr Bis set is a gentleman employed in the detective force. He comes from Scot land yard. Tempest looked surprised. Bisset appeared tohim like'a shallow Regent street dandy; and why should' Lord Ohetwynd require the service of a de tective officer! 'Have you been robbed,my lordl'asked Tempest. The officer leaned forward with a faint show of interest on his beardless face: He supposed that' he had been summoned to track out 'a robber, or discover some secret thief emiployed at the Ohetwynd household,and been by no efeans flattered at the task assigned him. ,No I have not been robbed.'declared Chetwynd, 'I have lost nothing what veor.' 'Indeed 1' said Biset. Of what nature then, is the service required of se, my lord?' 'Since the very hour of' my return home,'said the marquis, with a strong emotion, 'I have been enveloped in a' strange mystery. I want you to solve that mystery for me. 'Of what nature is this mystery, my laordl asked Basset, with iccreasing interest. 'I must begin at the begining,' replied Lord Ohetwynd. 'Nearly two' years since, I went upon a summer cruise in my own yatcht. I went to Norway Ind afterwards in search of untried isls and strange adventures, and pro. ptii'd by a good Sottci-h ch rgyman whom I esanced to encounter, I sailed to K.lda, Ihc u' terlost isiand of the leleridian ;iota:l,, :e mnle rock in the Itr;td seta a lote:y spit. unknown to it, fresa portionots -',se Scttieh peopli. a s?ot that cut tff ftrmo the grew': world, is a strange little world in itself The popu!a'iou consises of a rude peasantiry, wio subist on the p:'oc ede of fowling and fil-hing, and who uiltive-tes a little of their' scrap orf bare boil. There was but one genthmsans family upon the island that of ti0e paster a Welshman, named David Owr thin. He woe a plain large limlbed awkward. man with a calho temperament, a placid soul, and grand ly noble character. He believed it to be his duty to give up a.l the ctmforts of civ.l zed life to teach these peasantry and he obeye d his sense of duty, gising up all in the world he held dear. ire was a martyr, and heaven has clowned him. Ohetwynd looked from the w'ndow,with a stern etlOrt to master his emotion. The de r'etive did not remove his gaze from his lordslip's face, else he might have s,en that tile stern features of Mr I'empest were also quivering. Prie sently the marquis resumed 'Mr Gwellan was drowned lately, with his wife, upon a voyage from St Kilda to Glasgow,in a fishing vessel. I •cannot. yet think of their fete unmoved. \itr Gwellan was alady by birth and breeding,a refined meek, gentle woman rs self ianegating as her husband, and loving hi a so well that a desert .with atm wculd have been paradise to her. Into their large hearts end their refined home they had received inher infancy andt adopted as their own daughter, a girl of mnysterious parentage,whosm they called Bernice Gwellan. When I first saw Bernice, nearly two years since,she wan about sixteen-nearly seventeen, in 'fact as unlike her adopted par ents as the eagle is unlike the dove. 'How did she look, my lord?' asked Tempest, huskily, his soul thrilling vith a keen terrible pain. Ab,it was hard to hear from another's .ips the story of his own daughter whom he had abandoned in her helpless infoncy to the care of strangers! He remembered now with anguish the last tiomethe little baby head had nostled in in his bosom the last time he had kissed the sweet shut baby eyes, the roseleaf face :the thin eo ebud mouth. He had never seen her ciici the hour h3 had given her into the keeping of the Gwallahs and ie could not even'guess how abshe had looked in her fair young. maidenhood, or in her happy bridal days. In his rage and despair Tempest had abandoned his wife, and had taken with hio his child. Chanco or Provi idence, had guided him to St Kilda,snd Ihere L.i had left the child in good care i'tending to return for her .in the couot ott five years, But time had pasysed--fourteen, sixteen years had clip:ped by before a laggard sense of duty had impelled his reeur. And became only to find Bernice deed! With difliculty he suppressed awgrcan as all these memories thronged upon him. Yet hit face was stern and calm when iObetwynd answered him 'You asked me what she was like, Mr Teipest,Bernice was not beautiFul, but she was noble, refined, highbred, dainty,aweet and endowed with strange poser of fsasiuatiou. In slhortehe was one of the most: brilliant creatures 1 ever beheld. You'thinkl perlapsi that' I speak like a lover. Twenty months ago I married her in the little church of St Jlilda,and brought her away with me in my yacht, She contracted a fever in visiting a cottafsev tho eatate, and died twojeosis after ler arrival at the Park.'. 'Died my lord saidBisset. Chetwy:td bowed his head. Tempe:nF brea'hed a sobbing sort of sigh and a desolatelook brooded in his black eyes. 'She died,' said the marquis briefly, soon reaumiiighis story. 'I saw bhe buried. lier body lay in state at Ohetwynd Park for six days. After her burial I went abroad, and returned but a few weeks since. Upon the very night of my return, as I sat in the drawinc room with my step eister Miss Monk, I beheld in the dooraay of-the adjoining conservatory a vision a seeming spectre. It was my dead wafe.' Btsset's lips curled in a faint, invor sintary smile. He hid not expes d to discover such superstition in Lord Obetwynid. Even Tempest looke:d i.. credulous. Unhending their looks, the mrrquis continued; gravely 'I sprang towards the apparition and it vanished; but I have seen it since. One night in the park, when I was returning home from my bailiffs house I taw her as before, She was in broad g:areof moonlight, and I beheld every fea!ure of her face, and i knew her. It way my dead wife.' 'Have roe consulteds a physiciln, tiy lords' inquired the detective ttlicer. 'Yes. He told mte that it was a chimera. a more freak of disorder or imt:gination, and declared that my liver wasout of order,' 'He is a sensible man,' muttered Bisset. 'But hear the rest. Only the night before last I saw her again. I was in the music room this time with Bliss Monk, when I heard a deep sobbing or sighirg at the door opening into the conservatory,and lookiug,I saw standing there no spectre at all, but my dead wife.' Ohetwynd breathed heavily, his face ghastly pile,, his blue eyes wide and strange in their eager wistfulness and yearning. A strange illusion,' said Bissetplacidly 'I heard of a man once who fancied himself a teakettle, and was only cur.d of the delusion by being placd uptn it ho` stove. And you, my lord, bhl;eve yourself to be haunted! The delusion is not unpreedented. A thousand men have deemed themselves haunted. By the by, this Miss Monk it your lordship's betrothed wife, is notl' 'Yes, we are to be married next month 'replied Ohetwynd gloomily. 'It is lesirable then, that you should rid your mind of thisa singular deletion as early as possible,' remarked Beset 'Excuse toe. my lord, if I v ature to say that it is not a detective you rT quire but a wise and skilful physician, and a changeof scene.' 'Yon have not heard all. You think elt a monomariac, I see but listen. When my wife last appeared to uIna-tl night betore last-1 perd sued her. i bounded after her down the long aisles of the conservatory-I grasped at her-I caught her sleeve-' Ath!' breathed Bisset. 'Andtore from it.this bit of lace a real tangible proof that the garments at least,were not spectral. Look.' Ohetwynd took from: his pocket a tiny packet, which,being undone, was found to consist of a yellow wrinkled, and torn scrap of old point lace: Bissec and Tempest examined the lace in eager curiosity.. 'Tiis puts a new view upon the matter, my lord,' said the detective, speaking no:longer in a drawl, but in a quick, business voice, *Your spectre is a living woman.' 'Yes. There can be no doubt on that point.' 'How was she dressed,my lordr' asked Bisset. 'In her burial robes- a long white silk gown, cut square at the neck, with frills of-lace like that hiding her fair bosom, and with sleeves cut off at the elbows and edged with lace. She has always appeared to me in the same dress,' 'And she looked like your dead wife my lordl' 'Like her and unlike her. The eyes were the same-dark, big, and shining like stars. But the face of the-the spectre was mor6 beautiful, with a clearer complexion, a softer paler tint, lovelier outlines. It was a face so bewilderingly beautiful that I thought it the face of an angel.' Hum I' said Bisset. 'Has any one else seen this white robed angel besides yourself, my lordi', 'Miss Monk saw her and believed. her a ghost, No one else has seen her. She comes and goes like a shadow' But that I know her to be d ad- What is this mystery Mr Bisastl I have sent tip for you to probe it.' 'I ohould say at first glance,' said the olicer.'thalt some,young woman was tnrading upon htr resemb;ance to the late. Lady. Ohetwynd. There is no doubt of course that Lady Ohetwynd is dead.' 'She died in my arme, and laid for six days in my house unburied, and 1 then consigntdlhi to the Oaetwynd family vault, in th ChOetwynd prlEh church,' declaied his lordship, solemnly. And yet, Mr Bisset I can swear that that scrap of lace came from my w ife's burial robe. The pattern is peculiar, you will observe.' 'I do not agree with you that this bit of lace came fiom your wife's gown said 3lr Bisset thoughtfully, 'A great deal of lace is manufactured of -each of the popular patterns but thb fact that the lace is precisely similar is worth consideationr. Had Lady Ohet ',ynd nin?chof this lace mong her effectf ,'one bfj.that pattern except upon the dress'in which she was buried;: The gown was made for her in London.' 'We'll look into the matter of this ace my lord. Whoever is countero feiting theidead LadyOhetwynd is doing t9 skilfully without re~rd to trouble or expense, and consequently I.tb an object. What that objct ii weiuust determine. Di you know of ay one who is tvtrio to your marr.agel itl Mit? Monk'l' , * do no'. My marriage with .r is regardedr as a n 1tter .f cours ,' Arpli- d Loud Ohilwyid. 'I was eigagla to ni:try her years ago, but she mbroke the tngt?eiment just s efore I w.et iway oni tie cruies. that resulted ij my meurrig; to B-irnice. My w.feiinjdyi;ig urged nme to marry again,and since my return, althcmuh I have not c?s-ed itn my love atn hdbitvlty to the dead [have retutsed my former engagtm . to0 Miss Monk.' 'Hunm !' sid Mr Bisset--an some how he utteted the simple ejac atlon in a mioment that made it p nant with meaning. -You must not seemn me over curious, my lord, hut | you hve dt sir, d me toaisi.t II !he ) jltion of tile mysery of Lidy Olh,u wrud's ,pei rre, I ,iulit ask you to Ie i rlCetly itank with me and to give me cI aider ab'e inform:;to;n that will teem, erhaps to have no braring upon til, m ostlr in ques ion I must know every I~tuher of your iouathola, servants mi all. To begin with the chief p tesnng next, to yourseli my lord. Wh. itsMtss Monk.' The marquis fancied that th clicers qup'ions were growing intru vs. and tti replied oe!diy *She is mystep sister and rnised wife Slhe is thlidaughter of my mthers second husband, colonel Monk. 'Born in Iudte my lordi' The marquis bowed bauht . 'And her brother is here a my lord?' 'Hl is at present. He 1 rnd.ng law with Scotsby and No n of Chancery lane.' 'Hum! I know Scotsby and 1rman,' said Mr B Sset coolly. ' seilent firm . So Mr Gilbert Monk-i irading law with th.el?. T:lanks my I d And Mr ,Monk I suppo.e wnas lsot brn in Indi! I have a pa tis ity f India and india people. 1 was irn in Indi , my io'rd, my father jeg an oteicer of the Ear India 0n pany. I was out there during my irts te years and I have been back a:nce at nting my manhood. I supposu I how as much of India and the nativr s any man of my age lving. pretty hamlet, this my 1hrd, ltinued th otfice abrupily chanllitg sub jc -s t'wy entered lthe ln', taggling s'reet O Chetwynd ty Se'c. 'It is the village that spr iuo ot the estate of hoz8wyud, sai' be mar quis. 'The greater part of t village still belongs to my family. hs is teo pariih church in which amer genera, tior.s of Ohetwynds my youu irie lies buried,' The detective and Tem it both g.zed upon the Gothic g ston churoh, with the slender and I tone spire and the eye of the plorer dimmed with tear.' Here h n his child was buried. A longin seized upon him to look upon' ar last resting place and to bend a a her tomb. I The carriage rolled on thr h the village and up the hill beyond ntering the shadow of the park. 'Vhbo lives here, my loraed Bsiet as they drove past thehiliff's pretty vill-, and Sandera strolit over his lawn raised his 'hat rebpect fuily. 'My bailiff, Mr Sanders, a nn upon whose integrity I would stakeny life, sir.' Bisset sent a searching glani'at the bailiff, but ar that distance I .could not study the face of SAr Sancrs. The officer was silent theceforth, until the carriege had driven i;ut the lodgegates,and bgan the ascatof the long drive. He was meditatit deeply upon Lord Chetwynd's commiidation. He looked curiously upon tb'grand pile composing the grand manion of Chetwynd Park, aid the thoupt came to him that here was a grand sake for an unscrupulous p!ayer and iis eyes kindled, and his face wa, tintt with a sudden glow, as leaning past rempeat he said, in a low, earnest voic- ' My lord, you have interrted me in this strange secret, and I deiare to you, by my professional hon:ur and reputation, that I will solve ie my. stery, that you shall speedily :ease to be haunted, and that I will nip'know peace ot mind until I shall hire rid Ohetwynd Park and you of Lai Obet wynd's spectrel' CHAPIEI XLIV, THE YOUNG WIFE 5 DESOLATO'ID And where ail this whLe was Bernicel We related how sheescapedby the private staits leading from the garden entrance to thi attics. She bhried on through the larger room lirited by dormer windows to a smdll dark char.l'er, in which was a lightmovable ladder, communicating by an open trap door with a low garret above. Daring her secret stay of weeks in the upper regions of the honuse, she had diecove'ed this retreat and lad made useof it. It was not the :uret to which she she had sent Gilisers Monk in quest of her effects, and she was convinced that he did notknoowof its existence. She climbed swiftly up the ladder into the garnat, draw up the laddar, and cloaed the trap door. Then she procured from anong the raftera a lantern and a match. She struck a light. The room was very harewith a naked floor and rafters. There ~as no window, but the pale light stole in through chinks in the roof.' There was quito a draught of asir blowing. This room was Bernice'd most secret hiding place,and there was stil a small store of biscuits;here, Besnicegroped amongj the rafters, and took down her dressing lsg and attire. And threw off her nra drag" gled white silk gown withhitstorn lace, and rolling it p I she tbrAEtili .mo31 the crevices overhead. Then she hastily dressed herself in her neat gray costume, put on her vial and hat, and was ready 'o dipart. -Sio lifted the trap loor nnd listenedr :au:iously. At last she iheard Monk st, aling back on his return to thl ccupiedl portioti of tliehouse, mad to his own room. And soon %ft-r him crept the ayah stealthily also returning to the occupied portion'.f the house, onv;nced that tle young marchioness had, after all. not enterd the house, and that her *er lodyship had effectrd her escape. Bernice waited yit a while longer. T"hen s!a cre'pi down, and not waiting to hide the ladder, she crossed the attic fnd hegan her descent to the lower &fler.; Stair by stair she descended, meeting no ine. She reached the arcond floor in safety. Her heart Ieat like a drum. Sh., hardly dared to continue hier des cent. tut equally shedtred not linger in tho house. Shn crosspd the great upper hall like a shadow,and then, hear ing a sound. crouched in a niche behind a mailed bronze troubadour of life size. She had tlus barely hidden herself vwhen Gillert. Monk's door opened, and lord Oh-twynd came out and walked long;the ball in thedim light to his own room. His nobhe fai had Wet hawed inarly to his breast, and he walked wearily, like one burdened. Bornioi's soul yearned towards him. A great tempcatio': came to her then and there to rush out upon him, to throw herself upon his breast, to en treat him to take back to his heart his desolate young wife. *He would not like tc cast me off even if I have no claim upon him, if I came hact to him so friendless,' she thought. 'Hn is so noble; so generous! No one at least must sufler, and that na one must be me!' Ohok;ng down her bitter sobs, and crouching there, a shadow among shad ows, Bernice wrai!ed until Chetwynd had pass d into his room. Then after a little while, she arose s)ftly and approached the private stairs leading down to the Sgrden entrnoe. This private stair had been greatly used by Bernice while she had been mistress of the Park, but it was not fr- quented by the servants, who had their own separate stairs. Bernice had, therefore, no fear of encountering any on- upon it, Shestood in the upper landing a mo.. ment in hesitation. Allwas still be!ow. Tner was non commotion in the house hold no stunds of excitement or alarm. She knew that Ohetwynd -as in his room, and Ahe believed that Monk and Ragee rnstt nl-o have retired to their own'rooms. Breathing more freely she began the descent vtry.slowly. The staircase was of the class known as boxed the walls enclosing it on both sides Brrnaice had descendtd half way in tbo gloom, keeping one hand on the wall, when the door at the foot of the staircase opned, and the old East Indian woman, Iageeb,hearing a candle high above her head, eatered thn stair way and began the ascent. There was no friendly niche her for concealment. A sound of tretreat wouldarouse Ih- Ilindoo's attention.nnd precipitate discovery. Borniceshruuk back against tih wall.unable to advanc'. or retreat, motionless as if para lyzdd. Oncamethe old woman, her turbaned her head benther weir, d and wither. d face in shadow, her clinging garments rustling without sound. Bernice ex perienced a very panic of fear. She crouched agaiust theo %Lite wall, her wild eyes stairing. When the ayrh i'sd come midway the stair her level gaze suddenly rested upon the gil's feet, half hidden in grny drapery. She halted and looked up. There was a moment of awful sus pense. The ayah's stealthy eyes gleamed as shie recogu zed young Lady Chetwynd. The brown hand tua. uphe!d the candle above her turband head trembled, and the light fliLkered. The brown hand clenched itself as if the long and bony fiugers longed to strangle the crouching girl. The two stared at each other in an awful fascination, Bernice's eyes di.at ing and burning like stars from out the pallor of her lovely face. Then the ayah op ned her shrivelled mouth and gave vent to an inarticulate growl that might have come from the throat of a wild beast. Bernice did not wait for words or actions. She saw in the ayah the spirit of murder incarnate. She read aright the horrible look in these beast like eyes -the swift motion of the IIindoo's hand to her bosom, as in quest of a dtadly weapon. Without a cry, without a word, with a quick unexpected spring, ,Bernice upraised her crouching figure and darted down the stair, overturning the old woman and extinguishing her light. The ayah bounded from step to step like an indiatubber ball,, unable to ar rest her progress or recover her balance, receiving those wounds which Monk noticed on the following day;and before her coih d up figure the young fugitive fled !ike the light,and dartedout into the little dim, deserted hall below. The garden door was still ajar, the butler not yet having made his rounds and closed up the house. Bernice flittered through it and was again out of doors,panting trsmbling,and frightened. She sped across the garden keeping to the shadows of the clumps of trees and shrubby,and reached the park in safety, but still as if pursued, she hurri-d on like some maddened creature. Not until she was in the depths of the park did she pause, and then she sank down in the midst of a little dark thicket in a secluded spot, and per. mitted herself tp"rest. She prayed and sobbed,and wept and despaired as only a desolate, wronged, and jealous young wife could. and so the minute and hours wore oun, So for hours she lay upon the cool, dew wet grass, in the densest g!oom, thinking what was best to do. 'It %as fortunate I paid the driver of the fly that lboulght lm fioon East lhourlie,'tshe tlioiit. 'I cannot go back with him. Gilleri Monk will bI at Elastbourne sta'ion in (the imrning. I must walk across the country to soum other town, and up to London by train. A ten tmile walk-and we k -as I am I can surely walk ten milea-will bring me to'another railway statioa. I must start at once.' And so, at about two o'clock of the dark,chill mornig Bernice left the grand old park and began her weary walk across the country. She did not feel safe until miles lay between her and her old home. hao walked slow y being faint and easily fatigued. Her diet of lateihad been meagre that her strength waswell cigh gone. She tottered on step by step,for mile after mile, pausing now ard then to rest under a hedge by he wayside. It was daybreak when she entered as vill 4e of the NIsau gte, wh:ch she had visieioEt-a in her drives with Lord Otiewynd. Shi made her way to the station. The waiting room was open, and Bernice shrank into a corner of it, and there remained deeply veiled until the expre-s train came crashing in from Eastbourne, on its way to Lon don. A guard put her into a ladies, com partment, and the train resumed its swift promre: along the line. So far B'rnice was s fe. She had escaped all perils attending her adventure, but how lonely she was how heartsick! how wretched! Never in her life had she felt more desolate than at that moment, It was as if the shadow of some gigantic evil in the near future had fallen upon her. CHAPTER XLV. UNDER EVIL GUIDANCE. No adventure occurred to young Lady Ohetwynd during her return journe. to London. She saw nothing of any one whom she knew, and she alighted at London Bridge station in safety. The morning was well advanced, and the May day was bright with sun shine. Bernice drew her doubled gray viel over her face, took her lig, and signalled a cab,which she entered. bhe gare the order, 'Victoria road, Kentish Town,' and settled back opon the worn and grinly cushions, and was presenly lbing borne slowly over crowded London Bridge on her way to the dis tant ;uburb. 'he cab drew up before her lodgings at last, and Bnrnice alighted. IIes loud knock upon the door was an sweree by the trim housemaid who had ter ved htr. Bernice greeted her with gentle courtesy and essayed to pas on to the stairs lbut th houseimaid. with unusually prim diemeintur, interpseed, preventing her awsent and saying Step into the drawing room, miss, Mrs Slurp wishes to see you.' .ernics turned aside and entered the little drawing-room, which even on that bright May morning was chill a d daik. In the course of a few minutes a heavy step was heard in the hall, and Bernice aruse to her feet as the door opened, and Mrs Sha'p entered the room. She lo.ke the inesrnation of respectabiiity and regarded B.rtice as if the girl had been a leper. 'Well,' said the woman *i-h a long brts'h, '»o you are back again,Miss Gwyn, I did not expect you back.' 'but what have I done? You treat me as if I bad been guilty of some crime.' Mrs Sharp met the gaze of the girl's brave brown face, with its pure brows, its so rowful mouth, its sweetness and noble oess, its half haughty, half pleading ex pression, made a sudden and strong appeal to herbetter feelings; 'Perhaps I aa wrong,'said the woman more quierly. 'Only you must own, miss that it had a bad look your slipping offso secret likeyesterday-you said t.at you had no friends in London-and staying a ay all night, and coming bach at this four of the morning. And your taking your bag shows that youtfgo:ng was piemeditated. I supposed that as;your time here;that you'd paid for.was up, you'd got other lodgings, perhaps, or-that you wasn't whdt you seem to be. Have you got new lodg ings?' 'No madam; I have no place of refuge but this.' 'But you can explain your absence of last night, can't you?' Bernice hesitated. The authoritalive manner of the woman aroused her con bativeness, and there was shade more of haughtizees in her manner as she re spond ed calmly I went down into the country last night and have but just returned.' 'You went to visit friends.' 'No, no I have no friends there.' 'Did you go to Icok for a situation?' 'No I went on business,' said Bernice wearily. 'Business! What busiuess had you down in the country?' demanded Mrs Sharp incredalously. 'I decline to answer that question ma dan. Surely you cannot require to ksow all my private affairs,' said Beraioe, her face uidhing. 'Youdo nos commuascate to me all yuur affairs, Mrs iSharp and ycu should not expect to know all mine.' 'I m not a young girl 'withont reference and seeking lodginge,miss,'said the lodging house-keeper. I'm a respectable woman and I can prove it. Do you come back expecting to stay here in my house? 'Yes ,adam. I-' 'Then just anuwermy questions miss. To whast part of the ccunlty did you go last night?' 'Down into Sussex,' said Bernice reluct antly. 'And what partof'bussex?' Young Lady Chetwynd thus badgered revolted at her land lady's inquisition into her affairs. She could not regard her bse nue from her lodgings from Mrs Sharp's staodpoint, sbe regarded the woman's ques tioning as a mari esltaion of uuwarranable curiosity,and reftued to submit to it. Hes. ides had she looked at the mntter other wise, it was impossible that she should tell where she had been tines then the whole secret cf her identity might be ruth. Iossly dragged to light. tibe could only maintain her secret at all expense, 'I eannot tell you where I went,' she said, with a sweet girlish dignity that was full of truthfulness and earnest ness. '1 thought no harm in going. I had been there before and I know the plae very well, I am sorryyou distrust me, and I cannot understand why you should do so. I am worthy of yourreepect and I have done no wrong. 'Trem that are innocent can generally tell where the? g3,' said Mrs Sharp grim y 'erhbapsyou went down to try for a sit. untion? You said'No to that, thoouh I kllieve you did. Perlr.pr you read in the I77me.'about some rich meu dow in Sussex and went djwn there ona begging expedi tion? Is that it. The pale face of the yPung marchioneas flushed again to more vivid teerlet. 'Y.uare wrong,ahe said. '1 have never behged-I woula die firstl' The grimness end hardness upon Mrs Sh.rpe visage deepened. *Jo you refuae to explain your errand into the country misa? ,he demanded. 'I nust refose ' 'is it n ,ecret which you dore nat tell? is it cannectad with your past life?inquired the wommn, shrewdly. iernice was ailent a moment and then bowed assent. Mrs Sharps 'milk of human kindness seemed to turn to vinegar at this acknow. lodgemeant: 'Of c( urPe miss you've a right to your own secrets,' bhe observed, frostly. 'I don't saek to Intrude upon your confidence I consider your r om vacated. If you'll look as you go out of the doir youll see that Ive pui a notice in the barement window of an apartment to let. I wont have:you here longer. You need all day to look for lodgings miss seeiug that you have no references. She mado a little gealureto Bernice to withdraw butyouog Lady Chetwynd made nolmovement toobey it. All her helpless nesseand poverty nressed apan her in one great crushing wave. She saw now that she had been mad to go down into Sussex -to obey a wild yearning to see her husbands face. She could not tell her story, but what would she do if Mrs Sharp were to cast her out into London streets? 'I cannot go.' she said with a wildlook of appeal at the lodging housekeeper. Oh madam let me stay,if only to night. I know no one in London. And I have no money. Sce.. 8ie emptied her pocket book in her hand, and the singlssixpence that stood betweenher and starvation lay on her palm. 'Ihat is all 1 have in the world,' she pleaded., '1 hae had no breakfast. I am so young, so friendless. Do not turn me away, Mrs Sharp, until I have had a fur ther chance to find a situation.' Mrs Skarp's grim face did not relax in its expression of severity. To be continued. 