? WHEN WE WERE BOYS. JO JOHN DIILON—IS MEMOEY OF ANXIOUS TSABS ITND GX.OBIOT78 HOPES. CHAPTER XXXV.- Br WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. DAWIET'S. plan for barring the road against the troops from Bantry had' miscarried. The demoralised party whom be left Behind to break down gnacht Bridge delayed to carouse the remaining contents of their bottles, before "beginning operations. When they did begin, they found that Snacht Bridge „was a. tougher , morsel than, even in a condition of sobriety, they could have anticipated. The first man who wielded a pickaxe did it so unsteadily that a second proposed to relieve him of the Weapon, whereupon the first retrieved his character for steadiness by flinging the pickaxe over the parapet into the raging river with an oath; whereupon it became necessary to beat up distant cabins for a new one, with fresh delays, recriminations,, and consolations from the bottles of ppthe^n which it was easier to recruit than pickaxes; whereupon, in the midst of their 'maudlin operations the dragoons galloped up, and detached picket to escort the bridge-wreckers into Bantry, and shoot them if they did not walk as straight as the potheen would allow them. But how did Lord Drumsbaughlin come to form part of the dragoon expedition P Well, it was not with the motive Dawley had suggested of'hiding behind the soldiers' that he had gone to Bantry. On the contary, the information in possession of the Government named Bantry as the post of danger —as the point on which the rebel attack would be concentrated and—Lord Drumsbaughlin mounted his horse and rode thither to put himself at the head of the county with a'blitheness and an appetite for d anger whichhehad never experienced since his hot-blooded bullet-hunt long ago against the Austrians in Lombardo- Venetia. He yielded to his daughter's entreaties to be left at home, all the more easily, that no troublewas anticiated in that immediate neighbourhood, tnd his own knowledge of the peasantry, s well as of hetf influence with them, elieved him from all apprehension of ersonal dai^erto herself. Mr. Hans Barman was either still less apprehensive of insult to his sister's elderly charms, or less disposed to burden himself with the. care of two women, for hie simply turned his horse's head for Bantry without making the smallest communication to them on the subject, and found himself one of, a numerous circle of old ladies with their hysterics and smelling-bottles, panic-stricken matrons with their qualmish old country squires in lonesome places, and young- Is only .anxious to be wherever there was bran'ay-and-water and relief from boredom—all of whom flocked within the military Jines on the first, warning of the rising with as .astonishing a passion for scarlet as ^circus-bulls have an aversion forit. It'was in its'way characteristic that, jrh'ile the country, squires were timing 1 their eyes to the Government Uniforms for protection, the only two .English householders in the district 'stood on the theory of their houses being their castles, and mounted . guard for themselves. . . . •Why should they harm the poor jchild*en, , ln any case P* said Mrs. Motherwell. ^Of course not, Jane. They've nothing particular to, get here except some books, of common. ..prayer and baby .clothes,* said, the rector, blowing poetic blue, 'Spirals . of smoke from his pipe. * All"the same, I'll just bolt and lock the back door, and you won't mind if I just leave the gun by the side of the bed, old womiin, will you P* . Jostua Neyille, top, looked to his bolts and 6'airi that*)night in an jindemonstra- ' tive way;. abd, although he held strong views of the immorality of war, loaded a revolver and a double- barrelled gun on the sly, and, long. after the girls were in b'ed, 'pp.trbHed 1 the house clandestinely witha/view tp possible deeds of prowess for hisQueenanicountry. And we may be quite sure ithat the Queen's enemies 'have, fared better against many a fire-eating Whiskerando than if they had come 'within range of the ironmaster's honest God-fearing double-barrelled gun. His son, however, insisted ppon offering his pistol andhimself where there was more hoodot action, 'By good luck, he l^thfe <?aptain of the dragoon detach- ... comrade who had sold out of the Life Guards Grey for reasons of domestic economy on his marriage to a parson's penniless daughter; and, side by side with his friend Wanchope, with many ;Will you ever forget?' and a •JJont you remember P' of old Knightsbridge nights, he rode out with the dragoons on receipt of the intelligence that the rebels were dispersing in Goomhola. The smoky clouds of fire over Stone Hall had directed the cavalry on the insurgents' track; and, reassured as to the fate <tf the Misses Harman, Wanchope and his troops dashed after the procession of waving brands towards the Castle. Lord Drumshaughlin had caught a glimpse of the light, tangled hair fluttering on the ground. He flung himself from his horse, letting the animal start hither and thither, trembling with the reins between its legs. He lifted up the face to the light, upon his shoulder. The walls of his chest seemed to break asunder at the sight. It was the face of a happy infant that had gone to sleep. The little riDgs of light hair in which the forehead was set alone rustled innocently, as if it were only the breath of an angel that was stirring them. There was no stain, no discolouration; • but Lord Drumshaughlin knew at a glance that the pale blue eyes of his boy would never open again. The bullet had gone to his heart. The lad Harry had rejoined Quish in the happy hunting grounds. With a roar of pain, like a wild beast, Lord Drumshaughlin suddenly cried out: 'My daughter! God of Heaven, my daughter!' and dashed madly into the halL It was a place large enough to have dined half a regiment. His daughter was lying as motionless as Harry on a white bear-skin-covered couch, the young peasant kneeling and bathing her wrists with water. ' You infernal scoundrel! Who are you P How dare you P' cried the father, in a delirium; and with the stock of his heavy pistol he dealt the young peasant a savage blow on the forehead. The blow made a horrible, hollow sound. The unfortunate youth, already on his knees, tottered like a sapling pine at some tremendous blow of an axe at its root. He put up his hand to his forehead and brought it down streaming with blood. An oozy current was trickling down his dark sun, and was sopped up by his jet-black hair. He staggered to his feet without a groan. 'I'll take that much for Miss Mabel's sake, aiid welcome,' the huge towering peasant youth said, quietly. Dawley's swoon was of short duration. When he opened his eyes, it was with the. sensation that .the Evil One was blackly overshadowing him and examining him with a hideous eye of fire. He was, if possible, still more horrified to find that it was Mr. Hans Harman who was holding a lantern close to his face to make sure that he was not wounded. Kill me! Oh, God, why did you bring me back P For pity sake, kill me and have it over—I do not want to live,' the wretch moaned, still in the nightmare-land of half-consciousness. 'Nonsense, Dawley, you do Want to live, and there's no reason why ..you shouldn't,'whispered the s&ent.; "'You have one chance yet.' 'You are iny prisoner}' cried Sub- Inspector Flibbert, who had now come up, with a party of his sombre myrmidons in their long great-coats. He slapped Ken Rohanon the shoulder with the vanity of an Indian Competition Wallah who has. brought down his first tiger—'You are my prisoner!' ' That, I presume, you will arrange with a gentleman who has claimed me as his prisoner already,' quitetly replied Rohan, through whose arm the slap had sent an intense femart. Little Flibbert thought he detected some affront—all the ihore intolerable that it was not altogether intelligible. 'Handcuffs, here, Muldudden—handcuffs,' he cried, loftily. ' * None of that, Flibbert—bang it, none of that!' said Neville, coming forward. ' I know my duty,' said.. the subinspector, stiffly. * Captain Neville, I warn you not to interfere with me when engaged in, the execution of. my duty. Muldudden, you have heard my order.' ' Whenever you are not engaged in the execution of your duty, let me know, and I will pull your nose, you wretched cur,' .replied Neville, furiously, in a whisper. ,' Rohan, l am sorry for you,' he said, pushing little Flibbert aside, to iclaap the prisoner's hand in his great' palm. 'Why/ he said, starting Sack,' •you axe bleeding!' . '' Master ;po]iceman,' saidthe captain of . dragoons, who had been a disgnsted listener to this colloquy,:' it was not on a pickpocket hunt my men were broughtout to-night. If you know how to treat your prisoner as a soldier should, you shall have him; but if you don't—pray stand aside, aud let us have this wound dressed.' CHAPTER THE THIRTY-SIXTH. FE. PHIL FIRLEESUP. JACK Harold knew so little of Dublin that he took it to be a place like Paris, where a human Unit added to its multitudinous life could no more be tracked than a West Indian rivulet flowing into the Gulf Stream could be kept Under ob'sfervaltiott until it struck the coast of Ireland. He had not the slightest suspicion that he was followed from the dingy, last-century hotel iu a decaying street, where he had discharged himseilf of lis embassy to the revolutionary chiefs, to the Attorney-General's office in the Upper Castle Yard. Still lesB could he nave guessed that the solemn-sided flunkey, like a Chief Justice in reduced circumstances, who glided to the Attorney-General's ear while he was glancing over Mr. Hans Harman's letter of introduction, came with a message from a detective in the ante-robm, who had followed our young friend's steps from the head-quaTters of Treason to the citadel of Government. But when the Attorney- General, with a perfunctory gesture of apology, left the room, it was to receive from the detective a report which steeped his visitor to the lips in suspicion. ' Hum!' soliloquised the Attorney-General, 'they are peopling the whole public service with traitors. This is, I dare say, the beginning of some plot against the judge—perhaps against myself P I've made an army of enemies in prosecuting these fellows. Madden,' he remarked to the detective, ' I think you might as well wait here while this person remains, and—don't you think—ahem!—you might manage to keep an eye on him through the keyhole P" When he returned to the room, the Attorney-General resumed the reading of Mr. Harman's letter, seemingly at the line and word where he bad been interrupted. What he was really reading, however, was his visitor's face. 'Doesn't seem the sort of fellow for anything desperate—I rather like him— but you can never tell,' he reflected with a i»igh, for Toby Glascock was a man who hated to do unpleasant things, not so much because they were unpleasant for others, as because they Were unpleasant for himself—a pea in his patent leather Bhoes, a crease in his bed of roses. Like most men of bis faith, and of his year in Trinity, he had tippled the 'true and blushful Hippocrene' of Young Irelandism. The ghost of his life was a ' Pike Song,' of dubious metre, but indubitable treason, Which he had contributed anonymously to the Nation in its more platonic days, and to which the taunts of Nationalist orators and editors ever since had given a malign immortality that stung,like an undying worm,, the. unlucky author of its being. He had been an even warmer Anacreon than he had been a Tyrtseus. But Toby Glascock knew when sentiment became folly, like a Bjronic collar upon an elderly towta councillor. No sooner were the political principles of his callow youth transported to Van Diemen's Land than he took up, as the next best thing, the principles which were left flourishing at home in the cosy hotbeds of the Four Courts. He sensibly filed down his rosewreathed pike into a bread-and-butter knife, and if he still blossomed info Anacreontic quips and transports, kept them for private circulation only. His young Ascendency friends in college used to say to his credit that,' if Toby was a Papist, at all events he was a damned baa one,' but in this matter also he promptly repaired the errors of his youth. He found that the faith, which rather dragged about his legs in Trinity, ; had, , farad as well as this Pike ' Songsters had fared ill in the world; \ that red stockings were seen at the private entrie at the'Castle levies, and ; Catholics picked out for their piety scarcely lesB than for more mundane virtues in the allocation of that splendid public patronage which is an everflowing continuation of "the bribes by which Lord Cas'tlerieagh carried his Act of Union. I do not at all believe that Toby Glascock was a mere hy pocrite in his religious observances ; he was at heart a Catholic, as he continued to be in some^innermost secret drawer of his heart a Nationalist, even when he was sendingNationalists to life^hg burial in felons' sepulbhres ; hut he woaia&e; the last to see any injustice in the assertion that, when he shook his wise locks aa the Cardinal's confidential adviser in weighty matters of trusteeships for hospitals and convents, and, when his resonant voice and vivid rhetoric rang out in defence of the threatened Holy Father against the diabolical forced marches of Garibaldi and his Thousand, his advice was none the less deeply pondered, and his eloquence none the less impassioned, that they were given in a cause which opened up to him a vista of a seat in Parliament as the ante-chamber to the Judicial Bench, and a seat on the Judicial Bench as the ante-chamber to a bed in Heaven. In this way, at all events, our Tyrtaus-Anacreon had thrown aside his goblet and his garlands of posies, and wrapped his patriot limbs in the silk gown of Mister Attorney; and for the first of his Beatitudes—the seat in Parliament—was only awaiting the completion of a negotiation, now all but concluded, for overcoming the virtuous scruples of the disreputable senior member for the County of Cork, who was accustomed to regale the House of Commons with periodic exhibitions of Irish wit, Irish whisky, and Irish patriotism, in combination, to the high exhilaration of the superior nation and the deep edification of his own. Such was the handsome, black-haired man, with face of flowing courtesy, and watering bon-vivant lip, who looked across the baize-table of the Law Room at Jack Harold, and in a frank, pleasant manner, said: Mr. Harman has delayed 1 so unconscionably long, I am not at all sure that they have not had to fill up this post; but I am going over to the courts presently, and I will see the Master myself. If you can call hero at twelve o'clock to-morrow, I hope'you may have something pleasant to hear, though I cannot be too confident.' ' There is no use in making enemies in that part of the country with an election in the offing,' he mused, when Jack had been transferred to the care of the efficient Madden. ' I am really sorry, too. There is something taking about the chap. But that is just it—his accent is distinctly foreign—not the remotest flavour of Cork about it— and we have information that the country is flooded with the revolutionists of ail nations—Heigho! our interesting young friend must not be allowed to blow the Four Courts sky-high. I dare say a ten- pound note will send the rascal away in a tolerably good humour, and the money may come back after not too many days if there's a contest for the county. By the way, by Jove ! why shouldn't Monsignor M'Grudder have the post in the Pipe Roll Office for that young prodigy of virtue and genius he wrote me about a few days ago P' The Attorney-General drew a rack of note-paper towards him, and dashed off two short notes in that large, floriated hand which, like his countenance, made an appearance of giving a great deal, without always passing beyond appearances. One of the notes was directed, with a volley of reverential adjectives, to Monsignor M'Grudder. The other, which was placed ill Jack Harold's hand by the decayed Chief Justice in the ante-chamber of the law room when he called next day, was simply this:— ' It is as I apprehended: The master htes been obliged to fill the appointment. I am so sorry. But it is all the fault of Mr. Harman's unaocoun table delay. I trust you will do me the juBtice of acknowledging at least my goodwill by accepting the enclosed note in payment of the expenses of your visit to Dublin. —T. G: (To be continued) AN amusing anecdote of Lord Beaconsfield reached a correspondent of Gentlewoman the other day, which deserves repetition. His lordship had invited a friend to a t$te-€v-tcte dinner with him. Mr. M proved a wretched companion, and scarcely opened his lips, notwithstanding all inducements. Towards the end of the dinner, .finding Lord BeaconBfieldls eyes fixed upon him, Mr. M-—-—remarked, "Do you know, I was just putting a question to myself." "Ahl" answered Lord Beaconsfield, " and what a confounded dull answer you would get!" THE Maiqais of Ripon, who, with Earl Compton, spoke at a liberal meeting at Barnsley on Monday, 16th March, had a very hearty reception from the audience, and was as firm as ever on the Irish question. He said that having chosen the policy of conciliation the Liberals would pursue it till they brought it to a triumphant conclusion. SXAVIN, the Australian pugilist, recently appeared at New York beiore 4000 people, and was favourably received. 