SPORTING, U.C. AUTUMN MEETING, THIRD DAY. [Bx Eleotmo Telegraph.] ¡ (rllOM ODB OWN C0MÎESPONDENT.) Sydney, April 2. J. lie third day's racing in connection with the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting toole place to-day. Tbough it was an off day, and the weather showery, the attendance was very good. The following aie the results :- ' The Two-year-old Plate ¡ GFurlongS.* The Markee . (Schaafo) 1 Bernico .. ". (Buckley) 2 Lad>; Mildred . (Partei) 3 J ^he other starters wore Sea King, ÏÇemplefon, J Bluejacket, 'Emin Pasha, " Windsbr( Little | Daisy, Amoroso, Tambaroora, and Staioh. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Starch, 4 to 1 "The Mailtee, 6 to 1 Lady Mildred, 10 to 1 others. Fiom a fair start Tambaroora was first to show out, followed by Starch and The Markee. The same order was kept round the bend, but The Markee waB first into tho straight, the others being strung out. From this out, Markee won easily by two lengths from Bernice, who was half-a-length in front of Lady Mil diad. Then came Staroh and Ambrose with the others all together, Little Daisy being last. Time, lmin. 2f seo. t Am.-Aoed Stakes ; 1 Mile. Mar\el.(Harris) 1 Carbine .. .. .. .. (Ramage) 2 Euroka ...._,.(Chaafe) 8 Corvette (Liddiard), also started. BettingT; 6 to 2 on Carbine, S to 1 v. Marvel, 12 to 1 Corvette, 20 to 1 Euroka. ' From a very good start, Carbine was tire first tp show out, and when fairly going, the order was Carbine, Corvetto, and Euroka, with Mar- vel running last. The same order was kept along the back of the course, with half-a length between each one. Coming round the bend Carbine, Marvel, and Euroka were together, -with' Corvette tunning last. Entering the straight Carbine had a short lead from Euroka and Marvel, who were together, but at the distance Marvel came out, and Harris making sure of it ran away and won in a canter by four lengths from the old favourite, who was sixJ lengths in front of Euroka, with Corvette a long last. Time, lmin. 43seo. Î "Welteb Handicap, li Mile EUcrstone, 8st. 61b. . .* .. (Cooper) 1 E.K,8st. 61b. (Argil) 2 Komish, 7st. 121b.(Crothers) 3 The other starters were Splendora, Grayling, Pet Girl, Amina, Cobar, Anthony, Savant, Volney, Hop Bitters, Denman, Oddfellow, Leichhardt, Chatham, Pretty Kate, Lancer, Colonel, Halo, Transparent, Hornpipe, Bella, Boger, and Nankipoo. ; Betting : 4 to 1 v. Chatham, 7 to 1 Cobar, 10 to 1 E. K., Volney, Amina, Nankipoo, and Lancer, and 12 to 1 Ellerstene. ,' w After a long wait m heavy rain it was a straggling start, but when they showed out Nankipoo, E.'K., Amina, and Cobar were in front, and the same order was kept along the back to the six-furlong post, where Lancer took command and led into the straight. At the distance post- Ellerstene came out and won easily by three lengths, with a length between the second and third horses. The others were all together, with Anthony a long last. Time, 2min. 15sec. PmsT Foal Stakes ; 6 Furlongs. Stromboli, 71b. penalty .. .. (Huxley) 1 Oxide, 101b. penalty .. .. (Nerrilier) 2 Sanctuary .(Harris) 3 Penance, 101b. penalty (Power), also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Stromboli, 5 to 2 Penance, 3 to 1 others. The winner was first to show fiom a good start, followed by Sanctuary and Oxide, with Penance iast. The same order was kept round the bend and into the straight, where Oxide, Penance, and Sanctuary were together, about a length in front of the others. From this out Stromboli won easily by a length, with half-a length between the second and third horses, Penance being close up. Time, lmin. 18sec. Cumberland Stakes ; 2 Miles. Carbine .(Ramage) 1 Marvel . (Hams) _ 2 These were the only starters. Betting: 5 to 6 on Carbine, 10 to 9 v. Marvel. Marvel, pulling hard, went to the front at a canter, and coming round the bend was six lengths in front. The same positions were kept into the straight, and passing the stand they were both pulling hard, with three lengths between them. On rounding the bend they were together, but along the back Marvel was about a length to the good. At the five-furlong post the old horse went np, and the two entered the straight together, but at the distance Carbine carne away, and the excitement was something that was never seen on the Randwick course before, and will never be forgotten by thosefwho witnessed the race, for the old favourite came away and won as he liked by ten lengths. Time, 4mln. 4sec. The reception received by the owner, jockey, »nd horse was something wonderful, sud cheer after cheer-went up for each one. There was then a cheer for Marvel, the rider, and owner. City Handicap; li Mile. "Wilga, 7s. 71b. .T .(Moran) 1 Southerly Buster, Gst.Prysdaloj 2 Aviemore, 7st. 21b.(Delaney) 3 The other starters wereBungebah, Highborn, Sir William, Tarcoola, Correze,' The Queen, Little Bernie, Vespasia, Crown Jewel, Warrego, Mario, King Olaf, Wandsworth^ Yowi, Lancer,» Epinition. * .Betting : 4 to 1 v. Little Bernie, 5' to 1 Sir William' and Wilga, 8 to 1 Highborn and Yowi, 10 to 1 Southerly Buster and Correze, 12 to 1 to 20 to 1 others. Correze was thefirstto show from a good start, and passing the stand Correze had a slight lead from Highborn, Sir William, and Wandsworth, with the others all together, "Wilga running last. At the back Correze was still leading, with Yowi, Little Bernie, and Wandsworth close up, and Crown Jewel "coming veiy fast. Entering the straight, King Olaf was first, but Moran, working his mount, got through on Wilga, and at the half-distance came away and won by half-a-length, with two lengths between the second and third horses. Then caine Marie, Yowi, Highborn, Epinition, Lancor, Little Bernie, and Crown Jewel, the others all pulling up. Time, 2min. 43seo. RACING CALENDAR. ; SACES IO 001IE. Hawkesbury Autumn .. .. April 0, li Ipswich T 0. Autumn ~ .. .. April 10 Hungerford Annual.April 17 Riohmond Downs J.C.April 20,80 Tambo Annual.May 6,7 Thargomindah Annual .. .. May 7, 8 Sandgate .. May 9 Warwick Annual .May IS, H Logan and Albert J.C.May 16 Gladstone Annual .. .. .. May 31 Q T.O. Autumn .May 23, 25,83 Charleville Annual."May 27,23; Peak Downs T.O. Annual "Í V. .Tune 11,12 Adavale Ahnual .. ,t l .. June 17, l8 , Rockhampton J.C. Annual.. .. July 8, 9 1 ENTRIES- CLOSE. Q.T.O. Autumn Handicaps .. ., April 7 IpswiohGoneral Entry .. " ..Aprils Warwlok Annual Handicaps .. April l8 Hungerford General Entry ..Apiti l8 Beaudesert Handicaps .. - .. April l8 Charleville Handicaps .. .. April 27 Riohmond Downs General Entry.. April 23 Sandgate Handicaps .. April 28 Tambo General Entry .. .. May i Q.T.O, Autumn General Entiy .. May S Thargomindah General Entry .. May 0 .>Warwlok General Entry . .. May 6 , Beaudesert General Entry .. .. May 9 Gladstone Hnndionpa ., .. May 9 Adavale Handicaps.May l8 Glndstono General Entry .. .. Ma; 21) Charleville General Entry .. . May 25 Q.T.O. Hopeful Stakes, 1891 .. Juno 9 Q.T.O. Derby Stakes, 1892 .. ..Juno 9 Q T.O, St Leser Stakes, 1833 .. Juno 9 Q.T,C Sires'Produoe Stakes, 1895.. June 9 Adavale General Entry .. .. Juno 16 WEiatrrs deolahed. Thargomindah Handicaps-.. .. April 9 Tamho/Handioaps .April IO Q.TO Autumn Handicaps.. .. April 21 Warwlok Annual Handioaps .. April 24 Beaudesert Handicaps . .. April 28 Sandgate Handicaps .. May 1 Charlo* Hie Handicaps .. .. May 11 Q.T.O Autumn Minor Handioaps May 12 Gladstone Handioaps.May 12 AO0EPTAN0ES. Ipswioh Autumn Handioaps .. April 8 Hungerford Annual Handicaps .. April 16 Richmond Downs Handicaps .. April 23 Q.T O, Autumn Handioaps. April 23 Q.T 0. Sires' Produce 3til.es, First Tortelt . .. .... .. April 81 Warwick Annual Handicaps .. May 1 Tambo Handicaps.May 4 Sandgate Handicaps .. May 4 Third Payment Brisbane Oup and Moreton Handioap.MayC Q.T.O. St, Leger, Half Forfeit .. May 5 Thargomlndnli Handioaps .. .. May 6 ' Beaudesert H indioaps .. May 9 ,Q.T.O. Autumn Minor Handioaps May 19 < Gladstone Handicaps .. .. May 20 -'Charleville Handioaps .. .. May 25 Adavale Handicaps .. ., .. Juno IB Q T.O. Hopeful Stakes, 1891 .. September 1 . -SA0ING NOTES. ' By " Battler." | Owneis of horses nominated for the Silkstone Plate, Club Handicap, and Blackstone Purse, to be run at Bundamba in connection with the Ipswich ¡Turf, Club's autumn- meeting on tho Kith instant, are reminded that accoptanoes muat'bo made with the, secretary,'Mr. A* ?. >M'L&an;,îbyi8 Tp.Tn.fonxWedneBdayvnexto "At the same hour entries will olose for the Trial Stakes of 25 sovs., 7 furlongB ; Selling Bace of 25 Bovs ,--weight for age, 6 furlongs; and "FarewelliHandioap of SO sovs., 1 mile. ' It should be borne in mind that on Tuesday next, rtho 7th instant, nominations will be leceivecl up to 4 p.m. by the seoretary, Mr. J. .H.OG. Pountnoy, for the principal handicap ovents to be run in connootion with the Q.T.O. ¡autumn meeting on the 23rd, 25th, and 80th May next. These events are the Stradbroke Handicap of 200 sovs., G furlongs; Brisbane Cup of '500 sovs., about 2 miles; and the Moreton Handicap of 300 sovs., about 1£ mile ; and considering the value of the prizes and the general importance of the autumn meeting theie'should-be a long list of- entries. The meeting should certainly bo the most interesting of the year; as in addition to the races mentioned will bo run the Sires Produce Stakes of 200 sovs., for two-year-olds, the St. Leger of 300 sovs., for three-}ear-olds, and the Grand National Hurdle Baoe and Steeplechase. I have received from the secretary, Mr, H. J. Carter, a copy of the piogramme arranged for.the annual meeting of the Central Warrego Kacing Club, to bo held at Charleville on Wed- nesday and Thursday, the 27th and 28th May next. The total value of the prizes to be dis- tributed is 360 sovs., and the leading events will be the Handicap Hurdle Bace of 30 sovs., 1% mile ; Flying Handicap of 50 sovs., 6 fur- longs ; Artesian Handicap of 20- sovs., 1 mile ; and Charleville Handicap of 80 sovs., 2 milos. .Nominations for these will be received up to 8 p.m. on the 27th instant; weights will bo declared on the 11th May; and acceptances and general entries will be due on the 25th May. Encouraged by the success which attended their annual meeting on St. Patrick's Day, the committee of the Sandgate Turf Club have drafted a programme for another meeting, which has been fixed for Saturday, the 9th May next. The bill of fare is an attractive one for an off meeting, and comprises a Trial Handicap of 20 sovs., 7 furlongs; Shorts Han- dicap of 25 sovs., 6 furlongs ; Welter Handi- cap of 25 sovs., 9 furlongs; May Handicap of 40 sovs., 1¼ mile ; and Forced Handicap of 15 sovs., 6 furlongs. Nominations for the Trial, Shorts, Welter, and May Handicaps must be in the hands of the secretary Q.T.C. by 4 p.m., or secretary Sandgate Turf Club, by 9 p.m., on the 28th April ; weights will be declared on the 1st May, and acceptances will be due on the 4th May. The yearling colt Devitt, full brother to Dillon and Dan O'Connell, met with an accident on Monday last, but fortunately the consequences were not serious. He was allowed to run loose in a paddock with another horse, and when an attempt was made to catch him in the evening he jumped the fence, and severely lacerated one of his legs. His wounds, however, are not hkely to do him any serious harm. I am informed that Mr. J. Allman, who bred Dan O'Connell and Dillon, has purchased the Excelsior mare Mainstay, with the intention of sending her to Archie. Mainstay is a fine roomy mare, and mated with a horse like Archie, who has already done a good deal towards proving himself one of the best sires in Queensland, she should produce something which will in years to come make the name of Mr. C. M'Dougall's champion a household word in racing and breeding circles. The only rider at the recent Tattersalls meet- ing who scored more than one win was M. Byan, who rode Trojan in the Dalveen Handi- cap and City and Suburban Handicap. One win was credited to each of the'following jockeys:-B. Bogers, S. Henrichs, T. Wood- gate, Bailey, J. Blacklook, M. Walsh, W. Gold- ing, A. Colley, M'Tavish, and Burke. Mr. E. T. Barnard, 'who has occupied the position of handicapper to the V.B.O. for a quarter of a-century,-has, after all, insisted upon his resignation being accepted. The committee have decided to advertise for a handicapper to fill the vacancy. It is reported that Mr. Harrie Smith intends resigning his position of stipendiary steward to the V.B.C. Toastmaster, by Grandmaster, has been sold to a Queensland breeder, and will do stud duty in this colony. Kow that the autumn meetings of the metro- politan clubs have been disposed of, the Pony and Galloway Association will take up the rnnnins aeson. At Breakfast Creek to-morrow afternoon another pony and galloway meeting will be held. Of the five nominees in the Toorak Handicap I should select the two top weights, Little Jaok and Bush Bat, to furnish the winner ;' Bravo or Lord Lovel may win the Hurdle Bacé ; for .the' Chelmer Handicap I f anoy Alice.or Young Sweetbread ; Selling race, Lilydale orvApology; Cambooya Handicap, Agility or Darra?, and Galloway Handicap, Laura or Apology. The three-year-old chestnut^ filly Kefused, by Newbold-Lady Baldwin, was, I understand^ purchased last« week from Mr. Finnie by Captain Sandeman, and will go into W. Black lock's stable. The following are the nominations for the principal events to be decided, in connection with the Thargomindah^ Jookey Club's annual meeting on the *7th and 8th May next :-Club Handicap: Worcester, Eagle Hawk, Canobie, Silver, Harlequin, Zealot, Tarpot, Soipio Afrioanus, Kalboro, Irish Lad, Mulga Ned, Aorobat, Mirror, Postmaster, Wal- laby, Bluenose, Try Again, Danby Dale, Curiosity, and Dahlia. Bulloo Handioap. Worcester, Nacre, Eaglehawk, Troilus, King of the Bing, Zealot, Harlequin, Silver, Canobie," Tarpot, Stella, Kalboro, Iiish Lad, Mulga Ned, Aorobat, Mirror, Jubilee, Post- master, Wallaby,. Bluenose, and Danby Dale. Sires' Produce Stakes: Marcius, by Corio lanus; Brier,"by Earl of Mar, The Nun, by Combadello ; Boyalist, by Minjah ; Thelma, by Auctioneer ; Lovel, by Comedian ; Marraya, by Combadello ; King William, by Grand Flaneur; and Commissioner, by Tobermorry. Jumping Bace: Broker, Forester, Young Sarawak, Battleaxe, Minor, Gaylad. Charity, and The »Ghost. " Three-year-old Handicap : Nacre, Mirror, Postmaster,.Wallaby, Fernleaf, Wanda, and Wandamuera. " 1 The following-weightsihave been deolaicd for , the Club andjFlying handioaps to be run at the Hungerford Joojwjfc Club.'sïinnual race meeting on the lTthiiostant :-¡dmout i Hungerford Jackey Olirb iHandicap.-Mulga Ned, 9st. 21b.jflMamento,vi8st. 101b.; Aorobat, 8st. 8lb.; Weloome, 8st. 21b.; Eagle Hawk, 8st. lib.; Irish Lad, 8st.; Fermanagh, 7st. 131b.; Tarpot, 7st. 101b.; Curiosity, 7st. 61b,; The Koe, 7st. 51b.; Danby Dale, 7st. 41b.; Carivlo, 6st. 101b.; Eolipse, Ost. 101b. Flying Handicap. - Mulga Ned, 9st. 41b.; Memento, 8st. 121b,; Jaokson, 8st. 61b.; Acrobat, 8st. Sib; Eagle Hawk, 8st. 41b.; Welcome, 8st. 41b.; Irish Lad, 8st. 21b.; Fermanagh, 8st. 2lb.; Tartar, 8st.; Tarpot, 8st.; Gay Lad II., 7st. 101b.; Curiosity, 7st. 81b.; Troilus, 7st. 71b.; Gaylad I. (Thomas), 7st. Gib.; Courier, 7st. 51b.; Danby Dale, 7st. 41b.; Stella, 7st.; Carlylo, Ost. 111b,; Houphvöst. 111b.; Edna, 6st. 71b. The breeding of Mersey, dam of Carbine, puiobased by Mr. W.-B. Wilson for 2300 guineas at the dispersal of the Sylvia Park stud, aûoids food for reflection (says the Sporting Times). She is a daughter of Clémence, who was by Newminster, and was bred by the Duke of Westminster. Clémence, acoordtng to two stud grooms at Eatou, who testified on oath', was the real dam of Bend Or, and her produce and that of Bouge Boso got " mixed." That such a thing is possible wo had ample pioof last year in Loid Calthorpe's stable, when D'Orsay and Mortaigne weio transposed. Bend Or, it will be íecolleoted, was formally objeoted. to, and Sir Georgo Chetwynd speaks .of the matter in his book. He was a steward of the Jookoy Club at the time, but, as he had some bets on the Dei by, Loid Calthorpe, in oonjunotion with Sir. Craven and Mr. Lowther, disposed of the objection. Sir George states that the stud groom who gave the information died two or three years after waids, and on his death bed Bolemnly averred that all he had said was true. Commenting j still furthor on this subjeot, Sir George says: [ " Bbugo Boso, the supposed dam of Bend Or, has foaled since-in. 1880, ftose of York, by Speculum, a little sqratahy bay mare ; in 1881, Garb Or, a horrid-looking brute oalled ' brother to Bend Or;' and in,1882, a worthless sistei to him oalled Martlet,-. Clémence, the reputed dam of Tadcaster (a great leggy ungainly looking horse), fooled in 188^tt,ohestnut filly (Bandi way) rather on the smallsido, but very shapely ' and. like Bead Or, ¿withipeouliar dark marks on If er; in 1888 her progeny was Lenity, by Bend Or, whioh might be in-breeding with a vengeance, and she was worthless; in 1885, Mara, a chest- nut filly by Doncaster, no use for raoing, but, aooording to many, own sister to the Delby winner; and in 1886 a ohestnut filly, Morey, by .Barcaldine, that ran third for the Cesare witch." It is very olear from this that Sir George believes that* there were grounds for thee objection,, and, certainly, irrespectivo of the testimony of the grooms, there is some corroboraron of their statement. The ad- mitted stock of Bouge Bose and her descendants have all boen rubbish both in merit and appearance. With Clémence,' on the other hand, who is claimed to be the dam of Bend Or, wo have indisputable proof that bor daughter, Mersey, is the dam of Carbine, who is the best horse that has over been known in the antipodes. If, theroforo, the blood of Clcmonoe could produce suoh a horse, is not this strong evidence that the positive testimony of the grooms was correot when they said that it was from this blood that Bend Or sprang ? This, too, would aooo'unt for the faot that ho shows such a splendid amount of quality, and has none of the coarseness of the Stookwell desoeut. Clémence , was 'a (daughter' of New- minster, all of whose stook were famous for their quality, and Olémenoe herself was tho same bright golden chestnut that Bend Or is. An action arising out of the system, whioh seems muoh in vogue, of two or three people joining together and taking shares in " sweeps" on the principal races held in the various colo- nies, was heard before Mr. Justioe Webb In the Third Civil Court on Tuesday, William Hill and John Pivott, labourers, of Lancefield, sued William M'Dougall, of the sftmeplaoo,'for£019 4s., whioh they alleged* to be due to them as their share of the proceeds of a ticket in " Adam Bede's" sweep on the Queen's Birthday Handi- oap, run in Sydney last May. It was stated that'the plaintiffs and'the defendant agreed that the defendant should purchase three tickets in this Bweep for £110s.; that they were all to share equally in any money Which they might receive, and -that the defendant .parohased a ticket, No. 296, for whioh he received £1030 16s., but he refused-to pay Hijl and Pivott thoir share. The deferftTant desietlHhe agreement, and said thafrfíck"et'No. 29BW&-»bought solely with his own'rnoneyAind'ritít'íof'the partner- ship, and he alstP,pl«aedt1aïîr there had been an agreement it was/ñüll ana* void,' as the trans- action was an illegal'dñe. "Inanswer to certain interrogatories, he admitted that four tickets had been bough!, Nob. 295/296, 297, 298, but said that Hill had chosen Nos. 295, 297, 298 as the numbers of the tiokets to be held for the partnership, and that No. 296, which was the winnini number, was left for himself. After evidence for the plaintiff had been taken a set- tlement was arrived ' at," and judgment was entered by consent for the plaintiffs for £200 without costs. A.J.0 AUTUMN MEETING. Our old friend B. Colley, than whom probably there is not a better horseman in Australia, piloted Mr. H. C. White's b.g. Paris, by Grand- master-Scone, to victory in the Doncaster Handicap at Bandwiok on Saturday last. On that account alone, if for no other reason, the following paiticulars of the race, taking from the Sydney Morning Herald, will be interest to Queensland readers : "Betting: 8 to 1 v. Marvel, 4 to 1 Paris, 5 to 1 Helene, IS to 1 Wilberforce, 20 to 1 each Little Bernie and Don John, 100 to 8 Sayant and Car- digan. After a slight delay Mr. Watson gave the word to a good start, and as the column advanced the first to break the line was Marvel, who led for nearly half-a-furlong, when Paris suddenly dashed to the front, and soon es- tablished a gap of three lengths between him- self and Marvel, who was a length clear from Dolosa, May Queen, Tridentine, and Savant. Pans was further away at the six-furlong post, and when a couple of furlongs further had been travelled Marvel and May Queen got within three lengths of the leader, and the majority of the »field began to tail off.- < Paris came round the bend (and led/- into the straight at a killing pace, two lengths away from Marvel and May Queen, while on the left Helene, who had got very badly away, com- menced to put in a powerful claim. At the distance Paris slowed a little and showed symptoms of tiring, while Marvel and-Helene were catohing him at every stride. At the half distance the leader still had an advantage of, a length, and as he faltered for a moment Colley sat down and commenced to ride for his life. Inch by inoh Marvel and Helene closed upon him, but the little fellow struggled on right gallantly, and just reached the post in time by half-a-neck from Helene, who beat Marvel by ' about the same distanoe. Southerly Buster was a pretty fair fourth, with Alexander on terms, and then succeeded Muriel,. Gaytime, Magdala, Little Bernie, May Quoen, Savant, Grayling, Wilberforce, and Tarcoola, while the last to get homeiwere The Queen, Megaphone, and E. K. iTimo, lmin. 40sec." i From the Same source I take tho following account of the Sydney Cup, from'whioh it will be seen that the Queensland-bred oolt Grey gown, for whom I have always had a great liking, was beaten-- by less than half-a-head ; while Yowi, who is also a Queenslander, being by Melbourne from Yollena, and bred at Tent Hill, Gatton, by Mr. J. Williams, was beaten by the gray oolt by only a nose for second honours : -"Betting: 3 to 1 v. Highborn, 4 to 1 Littlo Bernie, 5 to 1 Gioygown, G to 1 Heleno, 8 to 1 Muriel, 12 to 1 Southerly Buster, 20 to 1 eaoh Pretty Kate, E.K., Lancer, Yowi, and Triden tine. Mr. Watson was very happy with his flag, and flashod it down to a vory fine start, Cardigan on tho extreme left, Southerly Buster and Lancer in the centre, with E.K. against the rails, getting off in front, while Helone dwelt at the post, and ' was vory slow to get going. As soon as thoy settled into their places ,E. K. carried' his colours to the frorit* and came round the bend with Yowi at his girths, and next to them oame Uttor. The two leaders entered the straight on terms, attended four lengths away by TJtter, who was succeeded by Southerly Buster, Pretty Kate, and Tridentino. E. K. led Yowi,half-a-length past the stand, with Utter and Little Bernie a length away, and half-a-length in front of Pretty Kate and Southerly Baster, and then carne Wandsworth and Tridentino, with Highborn and Lancer hugging the rails last. Tho two leaders, both pulling hard, held their own past Oxenham's, and TJtter then joining them the trio sailed along the far Bide of the course a length olear frotó Tridentino, with the others olusterod and whipped in by Lancer, Cardigan, and Wandsworth. A littlo further on Heione and Highborn began to improve their positions! and TJtter orying enough, an example that was quickly followed by E. K., Tridontine ran into socond place, while Muriel, on whom the weight told, joined the beaton division. Not half dono with Yowi put on moro sail, and showed the way past the five furlongs post two lonqths olear from Tridentino, who, though boaten, was slightly in front of Groygown, Little Bernie, and Pretty Kate, while Highborn, passing a troubled lot, put in a prominent olaim on the left, Yowi turned the home oornor Ih Bafety, attended by Tridentino, with Highborn next on the outside, and Little Bernie against tho rails, and tho others heaton with tho exoeption rof Groygown, who was coming very fast in the oentro. At the distanoe Yowi was still in the lead, but before the.half distanoe was reached Little Bornie appeared at the front against the tailings, and shono out as tho winner. Yowi and Highborn, fighting for every inch of ground, appeared to bo unablo to get up, when suddenly-the Metropolitan Stakes winner shortened his stride and tired so quiokly that the pair wore soon on terms with him, and as he melted away they carno on and settled down to fight it out. They raced stride for stride, and the whips were'brought into play with groat freedom, but they could not be divided, and it looked as though a dead heat would result, when sud- denly a glance to the left showed that Grey gown was coming like a locomotive, and the trio swept past tho post wedged together so olosoly that the jndge alone oould toll whioh had won, and he deoided in favour of High- born, with Greygown seoond and Yowi thitd,« and there oould -not have boen more than' quarters of heads between them. Little Bernie was scarcely half-a- length away fourth, and then succeeded Wandsworth, Southerly BuBtor, Lancer,' Pietty Kate, Helene, Muriel, E. K., Cardigan, Tridontine, and TJtter. Time, 3min. 87iseo." , IPSWIOH TÜEP CLUB WEIGHTS. . On Wednesday last Mr. W. Richardson de-1 olared the Weights for the principal handioap events to bo run in connection with the Ipswioh Turf Club's autumn meeting at Bundamba on the 16th instant. It did not require muoh consideration on the part of the handioapper to make a selootion to fill the position of top weight in either the Silkstone Purse or tho Club Handioap, forTrojanshowed such superior form at' the late meeting of the Tattersalls Club that in comparison the horses engaged at Ipswioh must be regarded as vory indifferent cattle indeed. Even with 9st; 81b. oh his back, Trojan should have very little trouble in annexing the six-furlong raoe if sent for it, but probably his owner will not care to risk incurring a further penalty, having in view the rioher prizes to bo distributed at the leading olub's reunion in May. With the top weight out of the way the race will have i much more open appearanoo. Lady Lisgar was allotted 8st. 41b. in the Dalveen Handicap at Eagle Farm and finished out of a place, but whereas the distance .upon that occasion was one mile, here it is only six fur- longs, so that she can hardly complain at having a similar impost. Over six or seven furlongs this little mare has proved herself ono of the best of tho horses raoing at headquarters, but anything beyond seven furlongs seoms to find her out. So that here I think if well she should take a lot of beating. At one pound less, Heath is abo well treated, for although she did nothing at the late meeting, it must bo remembered that at one time sho was upsides with the best of them'over a short journey, and her running at Sandgate a few weeks back is sufficient argument against the supposition that her day has passed. George Fox was success- ful at Bundaberg - a few months ago, but Lauristina'S , form ús enough ' to prove that there was very little merit in his Northern . victories, and as I regard him as quite outclassed- among the sprinters in the southern portion of the colony, I should not have plaoed him quite so high up in the list. Fdreinan has very little' to recom- mend him boydnd his two-year-old viotory-in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and there was not a great deal of merit in, that performance, but he showed once on the Bundamba course that he possessed sol-o pace by defeating Sir Anthony, and as he is now. a big bouneing fellow and fully developed, he should feel quite at home under 7st. 121b. Of course, without having seen him_ or knowing ' anything regarding his condition, I cannot say I fancy his chance, but there can be no reason for complaint -at' his ' treatment. ' Gladys and Levant'both ran well at the Tattersalls Meeting, 'the' last named having finished second to Pet Girl in the Bous Handioap, 1 mile, under 7st, 21b., beating Bonald, Heath, and other good ones, so that with only 61b. more and two furlongs less to negotiate, I regard him as one of the best treated in the handicap. If-Bowler were the Bowler of old he would be up to'his eyes in it at a pound less, but I am afraid he has seen his best day. The Empress is a mare who will, one of these days, createoneof thV" big dividend" surprises which have been so frequent of late, for although up to the present she has been a disappointment, one does not require tto look further than the Tattersall^ Meeting to find that she has a wonderful turn of pace for about three or four furlongs. It may bo that later on she may im- prove m this respect, and it would not surprise me if before very long she turned out a splendid miler. At present.'however, I shall pas3 her by. Tallboy was evidently very muoh off at the late meeting, but he ought to have won at Sandgate, and if in a racing humour at Bun bam ba he should be handy when the positions are awarded. "Lady Orphan won a race at Goodna, but I * doubt it she is class enough for this company, and although I am convinced that Priam is a speedy customer, f he ,has _ disappointed me more than once, and.for that reason I shall not place any confidence in him. Vizier and Corinda are both very fast, and should race well under their light imposts ; and if Salva- dor, who has only 6st. 41b., be as well as when he defeated the champion two-year- old, Mr. Frank Marsden should have a word or-two to 1 say when the numbers go up. After going i carefully through tho list, those that strike me, after Trojan, as having the best prospects aro Lady Lisgar,. Gladys, Levant, Foreman (if well), Tallboy, Priam, and Salvador, and of those the winner may be found in Lady Lisgar, Levant, or Salvador. In the one and a quarter mile event Trojan, in consideration of the extra distanoe, - has 51b. less than in the Silkstone Purse, and if I were sure ho would start, I should select him against the field. For the reason that I have already mentioned, however, it is probable that he will not be an acceptor. Boue, on his latest foun, has quite aorusher in 8st. 51b., but it is no doubt more upon the form he displayed at Bookhampton than at Eagle Farm that he has been handicapped. Anyway, he can have only a very lemoto show of annexing the Inswioh Club Handicap. Coro- nelía ran third in the' City and Suburban Handicap, and this has incurred for her a penalty of 101b., but she meets, altogether different company here, and, if started, will be worth koeping in mind. La Grango has 7st. 181b., as against the 7st. 51b. he carried on Monday last, but, as I think he is susoeptiblo of improvement, on his latest form, and will bo racing on his own track at Bundamba, I am inolined to give him a show. Navigator is not olass enough to run the distanoe in this company, and Garuda, notwithstanding she has a blue ribbon to hoi oiodit, will not be a runner for mo. Porter must be a vory muoh improved horso, for at one time he was apparently outclassed amongst selling-platers. He ran a good horse at Goodna, and followed this up by oantering in in the Trial Handicap at Sandgate, while had he been anything hko decently ridden in the Tattersalls Metropolitan Stakes ho must have won. Upon the last ocoasion ho had the feather-weight of Cat., and although ho has a stone moro to carry here, I should not be surprised if he made a bold bid for victory. It may bo, however, that he will bo,reserved for future events. Grandchester is in light enough at Cst. 121b. What a good thing this raoe would be for tho little son of Darebin if he was back to his two-year-old form. And I' still have some hopes of him returning to that form sooner or later. When I saw him at Ipswich soma months since he was praotioally in an untiained condition, but at headquarters this woek he looked something like his old self, although still^ quite too big to race wifh any .show of success. Aaron, Magio, and Lord Pastille aro all loft with an outside show, but Litholo gist I would not have at any price. It will bo seen, then, that for-the principal iaoo of the meotjng I like Trojan '(if started) Coronelía, La Grango, and Poitor (if he starts), while of the outside division my selection would bo Magio. A welter handicap is always a diffioult thing-\to deal with, so that, having said so muoh in connection with the othor events, I, will 'simply seleot Heath, Navigator, Foreman, Levant, ,Magio, and Eau do Vie, as having tho winner of the Blackstone Purso aoncoalod amongst them. Aooeptanoos for the above îaoes, and entries for the Trial Stakes, 7 furlongs ; Selling Race, 0 furlongs ;" and Fare- well Haudioap, 1 mile, must bo sent in to the secretary, Mr. A. J. M'Loan, by 8 p.m. on Wednesday next. 