GHOST STORY UP TO DATE. Extraordinary Experience near Liverpool. ' HAVING been concerned in a most remarkable and altogether,inexplic able adventure to otheiC evening, which happened to me in Thomas Lane, Knotty Ash,"I have been in duced at the earnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the following particulars of the same to the Liverpool public as being of more than ordinary interest.' So writes a correspondent of the * Liverpool Post':— " I was proceeding leisurely oh foot to, Broadgreen (he proceeds), when, on passing the church- at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appearance of its graveyards. The, time wfbuld be shortly §xter midnight. The whole burying-grouhd seemed aliye and glistening with a thousand small blueish lights, which appeared to creep in and out of the different graves, as if the departed spirits were taking a midnight ramble. I' stood petrified, hot r-fcnpwjing what to make of it, at the same time ex periencing afeeling of horror which suddenly took complete possession of me. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto been more or less obscured by a moving panorama of passing clouds, came, j as it would seem, to my assistance, giving me for a very short time the: benefit of her companionship. And ] now appeared the most startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair to stand on end with fright, a cold numbness of i horror, paralysing me in every limb ; —for advancing up the road, di- j recjtly opposite to me, cache a I funeral train, the coffin bornfe along j witb measrned tread, covered with;] an immense black pall, which flut-1 tered up in the midnight wind. j " At first I thought I must surely be dreaming, and therefore pinched myself in the arm to ascer-' tain If this were really the case j But no, I certainly was not, for I distincly felt the nip, .j"^ -was therefore safcisfip^ -««> to ray wake fu]ruM». What could it all mean ?', j I asked myself as the cortege gra dually approached me, and I began to distinguish the general outlines | of the bearers. These appeared to | be elderly men, and to have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in the costume of the latter part or ] the eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some bad swords, as | well as walking-sticks 'mounted with deaths' heads. I observed only one really young man among the crowd of followers, walking just behind the coffin. His. youth,; in comparison with the others, per haps made me take especial, notice > of him. He was dressed in what j appeared to be black velvet j the | whiteness of his ruffles standing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of bis general attire. He carried a sword, had diamond buckles in his shoes, and wore his powdered hair in a queue. The face of this young man was deathly! pale, as were also the faces of j all the others accompanying! him. Instead of the procession ad vancing to the gate at which I stood, it turned suddenly and en tered the burial ground by the one situated at a few yards' distance. As the coffin was born through this gate, all thfc blue spirit lights | seemed to rise irom the graves as j if the meet the cortege for the pur pose of escorting thtbody to its I last resting-place. Those awful! lights added considerably to the ghastliness of the scene as they floated over the coffin and heads of ] the mourners. Slowly the proces sion glided up the path way * passing j the main entrance of. the church, and, continuing its way in a straight line, finally disappeared at the back of the edifice. Where this most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it, I cannot tell ; but this much I distinctly aver, that coffin, mourn ers, and lights—even the pale flickering moonlight — all disap peared as mysterious as they came, leaving me standing in the dark ness, transfixed with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering to gether my somewhat scattered senses, I took to my-heels and never stopped running till I found myself safe in my own house. ' In fact, I scarcely remember how I got home. After recovering a little from tbe shock I immediately aroused a female relative who had retired for the night, and related to her the above particulars. She assured me that I must have been suffering from mental hallucination, but, seeing the great perturbation of my mind, and at the same time knowing my natural scepticism with regard to all so-called super natural phenomena, she came /to the conclusion that after all, I might possibly have seen what has been described above. - ' The next day I made several enquiries at the neighbourhood of Knotty Ash, and ascertained from a very old woman that she remem bered ,a story in her~ youth having reference to the {mysterious and sudden Aeath of &n; old\\)ccupant of ThingwalT Hall/who wa\ hastily and quietly buried, she thought, at midnight, in - old Knotty Ash; churchyard. If 4o, was this a ghasty repetition of the event goi up for my special /benefit, or was it a portent intended to foreshadow tbe coming of the Dread Visitor to myself ? Now, as I have before stated, I am no believer of ghosts, but certaiply this very remarkable experi<»nc€j: of mine has entirely up set all*~my previously "conceived notions of the subject, leaving'me in a quandary of do*t»t. On the evening upon which 4^ saw the mys terious midnight funeral at Knotty Ash, Iw^s exceedingly qfide^wake; had met severaJ /cyclists W . the Prescorfroad, with? whom^"^con versed, and hqd likewise refreshed myself a^the*public qrinkin^ foun tain placed at the top of Thomas lane. Strange that a few hundred yards further dowrii the road I should encounter so ghosty an ex perience— an experience I shall never forget to my. dying day." 