NOTES FEOiErtJIlEAT BRITAIN. ; (FK0M OUS EDa*BJTBOH OOtoEEPOXDENT.) I EDINBTTRGH, Oct. 8. ; KE. GUDETOXE iKD HIS PDOGELAJQIE. ; The National Liberal federation held its annual meetings last week, at Newcaetleon Tyne. Dr. Spence Watson presided over the Eatheriug in bis own city. !&. grf at'cSori wag made to orercoae tbe prevailing polif ical indiffrreace. The leaders of the party were present in force, and in view of the approach -.^^3 ^cucm. cicbuuu, cucuuuya %^iuLV3 won; made by them to set to: ta theirprogramme in ?an attractive form. It is unnecessary to record the ..veeries of resolutions in which thia 'waB attempted. We have ?become fftmilav witti most of them. Uore importantjfasthe)rreatBpeech delivered T)y Mr. Gladstone, in^yhioh he Bet himself, not without signs OrVtzjup and inconvenience, to give a provisionaHntline of his pro .granune for the coansg campaign. The rveteran leader has evufenQy learned during 'the last twelvemonth that bis party must show themselvee to be in advance of their opponents in regard to British as well as Irish poutics. In this speech, Irish Home Rule Bid not occupy the first place. The order in which the topics were treated is as fol X Shortened duration of Parliaments. ^. ?e^adjostoeiitoltaxaaoii. ' 3.ipconomy ^gtnMic admjCMtration. 4\. 'Mjg'TyffnBti&c-O0Cirpafaf-n; of ^gypt. 5\. ffiUOp^in&lm; on the prinapTSM3|M option and local veto. 6\. ?UBjBnpbment in Scotland and Wales. ' 7\. BerornOTtte House of Lords. S.jBomew^pirJb:eland. ' fi 94&menSudE-3f; eh^cforal registzation, and appfi|iec?£|fSrtne pTinajile -of pne-Jnan one ^^^^^r^chiBenient of loigers. i]npfflM|lMpiffi'tTi-i iTjii ? iijiiiiiriiiiiiiii '^r%^Wm^^Wmentary irepresenta 13\. £Mau^^S»&distact; and parish councils, TmW&tgSmMmm; lof ^acquiring land. ^aBBa k^^mL^^. p ' ?'? * - -' the Liberai^pHE^^i fron7 their sincere e t raBvietio'riS^or^rery -Jinan .with a; epark of liberaiism ia him. Bat titfe iistiB so enormous that to deal with even one-half ' of the mattersit contains would occupy many VnOT-a T+- is j»nr:nna +lrr»v- in t-Ti*a «iamI- Mr. Gladstone made no allusion to the physical improbability of bis *»Ving part in the solution of tny gave one of the greafeguestionE mentioned by him. It has beenHW of l^e that the extreme age of their leader, and his -mn-£requ£iifr:£efBteafieB to it, are ezercisiK » depressing mBaence upon Liberals. Mr. Gladstone, therefore, speaks out as if he himself were to conquer the land wbieh he only-descries -af ar off. If he.be spar?3lo'come into power, it is dear that he w^UTirst tackle Irish Homo Side, preparing hiinself for a* conflict* with tie House of Lords over it. and that the British measure which will be advanced alongside of the Iri*h Bill will be one of electoral reform. For the rest, Mr. Gladstone seemed to throw out hints that those who could push their pet projects most vigorously would be most likely- to secure the front places. MuEE BYE-ELECTIONS. Meanwhile we are watching two election contests. Sir,/aaies Fcrguseon having' be come Postmaster-General -and Cord Advo cate Robertson having promoted himself to be Lord President o£ the Court of Session, their seats for Xbrth-eaet Manchester and Buteshire respectively have become vacant. Very little interest is felt in the 'contest for the latter. Bute is a Conservative strong hold, where Mr. Robertson wa3 elected in 1SS3 by 1,304 votes o ver S 1 9 given for his opponent Mr. Graham Murray, the new Solicitor General for Scotland, has therefore no very' hard battle to fgbt against his Liberal opponent, Mr. M'Culloch, a candidate whose principal achievement has been theextractingr . Irom Mr. Gladstone alet'.er more favourable' to Home Rule for Scotland than almost any other declaration of his hag been. In Man chester the Postmaster- General has a much more difficult business on hand. He is once more opposed by Mt. C. P. Scott, a gentleman of great 1o-m1 influence, who at the last election lost the seat by only 337 votes out of a total of 7,033. There is considerable anxiety in Conservative, circles lest the Government should eustain another defeatin the person of the youngest member of the Cabinet. . The Liberals ace -eorreepondingry elated, ana the contest is being carried on with supreme energy and determination on both sides. ' old stobaiitv.' A shadow his been cast upon both sides of the political world by the death of the First Lord of the Treasury and leader of the House of -Commons. More and more daring recent years had Mr. W. H. Smith won the confi dence and affection of the House and of die country. Men used to laugh at him as a leader ; bnt especially since his health gave signs of failing, it has been manifest that he had no enemies, and now all unite in giving him the rare praise of having been a good man. 'Old Morality' was the nickname which Mr. Lu^y in Punch had taught the world to give' him And it meant that though he was often dull and commonplace, yet lie was trne, and just, and kind, without affectation and without meanness. The House was led by an English gentleman while he led it, and the democracy -were not displeased by remembering that he had laid the foundation of hie splendid position by the labour of his own hands, when in tbe old [avs he -was noted as 'an exnert in nackinff the issues of the Sun newspaper for transmis sion throughout England by the mails. In all probability he will be succeeded as leader of the Commons by Mr. Balfoor. TOE KASaVIS r-F BUTE ET GLASGOW. The corporation of Glasgow have conferred the freedom cf their city on the Marquis of Bate, and trot him in return to re-open their Mitchell Library, in Miller street. The honour was intended as a mark of grati tude to him for his munificent gift to the . unirerfiiiy of a .common ^ir which cost £43,000. In acceptinir it, tbe Marquis delivered an address of a fine and rare arch aeological flavour, in which he complimented that commercial city on her interest in intcl lectnal pursuits, warned her great population of the importance of earing for theirphyeique, and announced his continued adhesion to the view that Scotland and Wales, as well as Ireland, while living in the friendliest rela tions with England, deserve to be entrusted with the management of their own affairs. The Mitchell Library' was founded on a beqaertof £07,000 by the late -Air. Stephen Mitchell. It was opened 14 years ago with H,000 volumes. It now contains 89,000, and .it is reported that of 4,686,009 volumes issued to readers less than 10 per cent, hive been works of fiction. This speaks well of the intellectual diligence of the people of Glasgow. -?:...-. . ... '. CHCSCE OOSOBESS IS SEU-DEFKSCE. ' .' ' The Church Congress has met this year at Bhyl f or ihe purpose of giving' an ' imposing testimony against dises tablishment in Wales. Ihe first day's proceedings were devoted to proving to die Welsh people that they ought to love the Church of. England as established among tbem and to uphold her. . The effect of sermons, presidential addresses, and confer ences alike were enspioiously like .that of a Primrose League gathering. The Arch bishop of Canterbury went so far as to sty that it would be truer end more historical to speak of the Chnrch oT Wales in England than of the Church of England in Wales. They had had a com mon church ISO years before they had had a common state. This is argument of a kind that goes over the beads of the mas-es. More understandable by them is the kind of talk in which the Bishop of Chester indulged. They -were compelled, he eaid, to draw the sword of self-defence, and they would not lay it down until the Liberatiouists had laid down the Uudgeon and ths 6tilettb ! Xo wonder that the Bishop of Salisbury cau tioned the congress against dealing in sting ing epithets towards their nonconformist brethren. And he would alco have them refrain from close alliance with any political party. But after the recent proceedings at Newcastle-on-'IVse.whatisleftfor them to do? rHOPOSED SCOTHoII OECHESTJli. A company has been formed in Glasgow, under the chairmanship of Mr. James Camp bell, of Tilliechewan, for the purpose of establishing and maintaining an efficient orchestra foe Scotland. Hitherto the Glasgow Orchestral Society, in co-operation with the Choral Union, have brought together an orcbestra.for some three months of the year. This band of musicians, under tbe Mfim-oi, -Mr; August Manns, of (he Crystal- Palace, have served Glasgow very well, and their services have also been utilised in other parts of the country. . Bat, of - oourse, tbe highest 'results couhl cot be looked for from an orchestra composed of varying elements, and practising together only for a abort season in each year. Thepromobrsofthencwoompany entertain the hops that they will bo able to provide a far more efficient service of music for all tEe centres of population where there is any demand for it. A capital of £50,000 ig asked for, and a considerable part of it has been already subscribed. In some quarters a doubt is expressed'otthe capacity of Scotland, with its comparatively small population, to support a large orchestra. But the scheme 3«erv?s to succeed. EATLWAT PECETTS. The reports of oar three leading railways, Caledonian, Korth British, and Glasgow and Soath- Western, for the half-year ending at midsummer, £how an extraordinary fall in profits, Las compared with the corre sponding period of last year. The Glas gow and South-Western hag fallen from £196,564: to £191,337, the (Jalelonian from £364,286 to £519,683, the North British from £5S7,991 to £159,650. These gnat Iobecs are notdue to diminished traffic over the whole, but are largely caused by the necessity of reorganising their management and work ing expenses nndcr which the companies found themselves after the great strike in the early part of the present year. A huge part of what the shareholders thus lose has gone into the pockets of the employes, and another large part has gone into rolling stock and plant, the purchase of which was renSex^d unavoidable fey .the men's *fai*EviflB, It all tends towards a fairer.diatribution of wealfh. But the shareholders don't like it. : Before visiting Newcastle-on-Tyne Mr. Gladstone -visited Trinity College, Glenal mond, aml'took part in 'the celebration of ite jubilee. The. College is situated in one of the remote and lovely districts of Perthshire, and was founded in 1841, chiefly through the exertions -of. llr. Gladstone himself, to provide within^he bounds of Scotland for the ligher ednnation of the Episcopalian gentry. The -»Hege*lras flourished, and a new wing 18 belo|Ej)oQ^|p]|9 fannflB.taftn.pfr/mfl of which wasliwlftitei'jubiiee day by Mr. Gladstone. nuCJAjffinSMT TJTffiifiT ^tii' 'fiim jnf ihn mtnuwn iftrf i item ^jffin'i^ffijiiflqfop'ftj in ttie year of her mb£I]ch^'.j.'Ai' iffj- fjjhrfnl .f^*p«lnrnw\^ gives the fiSUflc$-$ool to finiBh where he begEn.' awiB' frjiiW _ etons was lail irith these olaracteriBtic words from his lips— 'In the JairhofJefusChriBt we place tiiis stone in Sre foundation, in the name of tbe Father, :Bndof the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that iistfrtmeiiithtnay fjourigh with the fear of T^siajirariiierlyJpT^ana &at; Gob phice may beeet'apaftfurJiiaUuction in the doc tine of Christ *nd for oOiar good works, to the praise and glory Of ourXord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, ever one GooV world without end. Amen.' Some people were amazed to learn that the man who epoke thus was next standing on ihe platform with Mr. John y^jriey.acd' giving hi» approval to the dis eslabUshmentcf theehurches. .But tiiereli giouaness of the great statesman's character abides as his predominant characteristic, and with his JO years of mature observation be lnnd him, ' he told- his sudience at Glenal mond -that the clerical profession was as noble now as ever. ' Kely upon it,' be said, ' that the objects of the profestion are the highest objects that any roan can propose tc himself, and rely upon it that the difS cultjes in which it is now involved from the movements of doubt and Fcepticifm are diffi culties which are only intended to try the temper of the weapon, and to raise it' to a still higher point. There « nothing that has come into the field that is going to supplant the old relr£ion'pf-.your fathers.' Old Bishop Wordsworth, of 6t.: Andrew's, his Oxford tutor, was by his side. The two old men may disagree in 'many things . In these sentiments theyj4K at. -me.. 