THE HEADLESS GHOST. Localities where any fatal .accident has happened, or mur der been committed, are fre quently supposed to be haunted by that uncanny apparition, laiowii as the “ headless ghost.” Many curious tales are still told by the peasantry of this mys terious spectre, whose weird movements have long been the subject of comment. Sir "Walter Scott, it may be remembered, speahing of the Irish dullahan, thus writes:—“ It puts me in mind of a spectre at Drumranlick Castle, of no less a person than the Ilnchess of Quecnsbcrry— ‘ Fair Kitty, blooming, young, and gay’—who, instead of setting tire to the world in mamma’s chariot, amuses herself with wheeling her own head in a wheelbarrow through the great gallery.” It has often puzzled the folk-1 orists why ghosts should assume this form; but the idea is by no moans a modern one, for, as • Dr. Tylor lias pointed out in bis “ Primitive Culture,” a people of wide cele brity are Pliny’s Plcmmyse, said “ to be headless, and accordingly to have their mouths and eyes in theiir breast—creatures over whom Prester John reigned in Asia, and who dwelt far and wide in South American forests. Stories, too, like that of St. Denis, who is said to have wulked from Paris sans tete to the place which boars his name, show that the living, as well as the dead, occasionally man aged to do without their heads— a strange peculiarity which Konnnann, in his “De Miraculis Yivonim,” would endeavor to account for philosophically. Put such an occurrence, on the part of the dead, is generally re garded as a bad omen. The time of its appearance is always midnight ; and, in Crofton Crokers “ Fairy Legends of Ireland,” it is thus described:— ’Tis midnight; how gloomy and (lark! ]5y Jupilt.T, there's not a star ! ’Tis fearful, ’tis awful! and hark ! What sound is that conics from afar? A coach ! But the coach has no hoad ; And the horses are headless as it, Of tlio driver the same may ho said, And the passengers inside who sit. A lady resident in the neigh borhood of Cork, describing such a death conch, popularly known in Ireland as “coach a bower,” says “ the coachman has a marvellously long whip, with which lie can whip the eyes out of any one, at any distance, that dares to look at him. I suppose the reason lie is so incensed at being looked at is because he cannot return the compliment, having no head.” In some cases, as it lias been humorously remarked, flic headless ghosts of well known persons .continue to set up their carnage after death. Sir Thomas Poleyn, the hither of the unfortunate Queen of Henry YIIL, resided at Plick ling, about 14 miles from I\orwick. According to the local belief, he is doomed annually, on a certain night in the year, for a period of 1000 years, to drive a coach drawn by four headless horses over a circuit of 12 bridges in that vicinity. Ho carries his head under his arm, and few rustics are found loitering in the neigh borhood on that night. A similar story is prevalent at Caistor C'astlc, the seat of the Fastolfs; and at Pcvcrley, in Yorkshire, the headless ghost of Sir Joseelino Percy drives four headless horses nightly above its streets, .passing over a certain house which was said to contain a chest with 100 nails in it, one of whiclrdropped out every year. The reason assigned for this nocturnal 'disturbance is attributed to the fact that Sir Joseelino once rode on horse back to Peverley Minister. It was considered dangerous to meet such spectral teams, for fear of being earned otf by them, so violent, and threatening were their movements. In “ Hambies in Northumberland” we are told how ’ “when the death hearse, drawn by head less horses, and driven by a headless driver, is seen about midnight, proceeding rapid!}', hut without noise, towards the churchyard, the death of some considerable person in the parish is sure to happen at no distant period.” According to the general opinion, there is no authority to prove that headless people are unable to speak; on the contrary, a variation of the story of the Golden Mountain, given in a note in the “ Ivindermarchon,” relates that a servant without a head in formed the fisherman (who was to achieve the adventure) of the enchantment of the King’s daughter, and of. the mode of liberating her. Many spots were suicides have been buried arc said to be haunted by headless ghosts, attired in white grave clothes. Some few years ago, as a man was passing in a waggon with three horses a “ four-lane end” in Lyneal-lane, Ellesmere, Shropshire, where a man was buried, he saw a woman with out a head. The horses toolc fright and started oft', over turning the waggou, and pitch ing the man into the Drumby Hole, where the waggon and shaft-horse fell upon him. The other two horses broke loose and galloped home, and on a search being made, the dead body of the waggoner was found in the hole. Exactly twelve months afterwards his son, it is said, was killed by the same horses on tho same spot. One of the ghosts of the Bas cliurch neighborhood, writes Miss Jackson, in “ Shropshire Folklore,” is that of a man who hanged himself at Nesscliff, and who is to be seen “ riding about in his trap at night with out a head.” There is, too, the ghost of the Mary Way, a now almost forgotten spectre of more than a hundred years ago. The figure of a woman was commonly supposed to haunt the spot where a suicide was buried, at the cross-roads, about two miles from Wenloek, on the Bridg north-road, which is known as the “Mary Way,” no doubt “ from some chapel or pro cessional route in honor of the Virgin.” Another instance is given by Crofton Choker: —“Many years ago a clergy man belonging to St. Catherine’s Church, in Dublin, resided at tho old castle of Donoro, in the vicinity of that city. From melancholy or some other cause he put an end to His existence by hanging himself out of a window, near the top of the castle. After his death a coach, sometimes driven by a coach man without a head, sometimes drawn by horses without heads, was frequently observed driving furiously by Dopers Best.” Deferring to spots where murders have taken place, a Shropshire tradition tells how, at a certain house at Hampton’s Wood, near Ellesmere, six illegitimate children were mur dered by their parents and buried in a garden. But, soon after this terrible event, a ghost in the form of a man, sometimes headless, at other times not so, haunted the stables, rode the horses to water, and talked to the waggoner. Once it appeared to a young lady Avho Avas passing on horseback, and rode before her on h er horse. Event ually, after much trouble, it Avas laid; but “ the poor minister Avas so exhausted by the task that he died.” It Avould appear- that, in years gone by, one of the punish ments assigned to evildoers was their ceaselessly frequenting those very spots Avhere, in their lifetime; they had committed their Avicked acts, carrying their heads under their arms. Numerous tales of this kind luwe long been current on the Continent, and even to the ju-eseut day are told by the simple-minded. . peasantry of many a German Arillage AArith the most implicit faith. It is much the same in this country ; and Henderson, in his “Folk lore of the Northern Counties,” has given scA-cral curious ex amples. At Dalton, near Thirsk, Avrites Mr. Baring-Gould, “ is. an old barn, Avhich is haunted by a headless Avoman. One night a tramp Avent- into it to sleep. At midnight he Avas awakened by a light, and, sitting up, he saw a Avoman coming toAvards him from the end of the barn, holding her head in her hands like a lantern, with light streaming out of the eyes, nostrils, and mouth. He sprang out of the barn in a fright, breaking ,a hole in the Avail to escape.” Hunt, too, in his “Popular Bomances,” notices- this superstition as ex isting in-the west of England; aud Mrs, Latham, in her “ Sussex Superstitions,” tells us how spirits are reported to walk about without their heads; others carry them under their arms; and one, haunting a dark lane, is said to have “a hall of fire upon its shoulders iu lieu of the natural' finial.” Connected also with the legends of tho headless ghost is the old belief that persons, prior to their death, occasionally appear to their friends without then heads. Dr. Fcrrierj in his “ Theory of Apparitions,” tells of an old northern chieftain who told a relative of his “ that the door of the room in which they and some ladies were sitting had appeared to open, and that a little woman without a head had entered the room; that the apparition indicated the sudden death of-some. person of his acquaintance.” — London Evening Standard. 