International AND FOREIGN Another team of English cricketers. Frost ruined French crops. Dam age £4,000,000. France and Germany snarling at one another. A woman the cause as usual It is stated that Mr. W. Y. Craig, formerly M.P. for North Staffordshire, has been received into the Church. On Saturday January 17 Dr. Kenny and Mr. Alfred Webb received £2,762 from America for the Tenant's Defence Fund. A supply of artesian water, yielding 480,000 gallons per day, has been struck at a station near Wijcannia, N.S.W. We understand, says the Liverpool Journal of Commerce , that one thous and tons of potatoes have been ordered from Canada for the famine districts in Ireland. A clerk in the Cooktown Post Office has been fined £10 and costs for using the mail bag to smuggle ashore a quantity of cigars and cigarettes from the steamer Jumna. The sittings of the committee estab lished at the Vatican to study the social question in its relation to the interests of the Church have commenced. His Eminence Cardinal Mermillod presides. Sir George Bowen, a former Gov ernor of Victoria and Queensland, married a Greek lady called Roma Theamantine. She gave her name to the town of Roma and the Diamantina River, Queensland. Rudyard Kipling, the English author now the rage, contributed, when he was in India, to the Australian press, but his MSS. were not only rejected, but actually never returned. The same papers now publish the stories in re print. It is anomalous that a Catholic can act as Governor- General of India, hut is ineligible for the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland. The last Governor-General of India, the Marquis of Ripon, was a Catholic. But then the whole thing is inconsistent from beginning to end. O'Mara, the new Irish tenor, has not changed his name according to the usual custom. Foli is an adoption of " Foley," the famous baritone's real name. By the way, when Dampier had hopes of drawing our own Larry from the ring to the stage he proposed calling him Lorenzi Foli. Dr. Magee, Bishop of Peterborough, has been appointed Archbishop of York. An Irishman, he is the most powerful preacher in the Anglican Church. Gladstone said of him, If eloquence could justify injustice he would have saved the Irish Church." He is the bete noir of the Temperance and goody goody people. Parnell before the 1885 election fell out with his oldest colleagues, O'Connor, Power, Callan, and O'Donnell. The weakest man of the three has had a dreadful revenge. For it is doubtful if " Paruelism and Crime" or the O'Sbea divorce would have come into Court were it not for the case O'Donnell v. Walters, brought on to force the Irish leader's hand. . It is cabled that Joseph Cowen, of Newcastle, is about to re- enter the House of Commons- The editor of the Newcastle Chronicle, a powerful jonrnal, . did good work for the Irish cause when Home Rule was considered a myth, and nothing more, He was regarded as the coming man of the Liberal party until he approved of. the Tories' support of Rhssia against Turkey. The recently deceased Archbishop of York once found that his coachman was drunk. He pat him inside and took the reins himself. Not a brilliant driver, he collided against the gate as he reached home. The stable help who came to unharness said, " Jim, Jim, I've never seen you so bad as vo,»'" to night you deserve the sack. why wearing the old cock's hat, you drunken brute." Citizens' Assurance Co. making rapid progress. ' The man Dougherty, Mies Mary Anderson's crazy lover, who murdered Dr. Lloyd, of the Flatbush Insane Asylum, has been committed to the Asylum for Insane Criminals. A carman named Hawkins, was, in the Queen's Bench, awarded £30 damages against the Midland Railway Company. A crate was lowered from the St. Pancras warehouse without warning, and struck him en the head. It is stated that the banishment of the 2nd Battalion Grenadier Guards to Bermuda will if the present good' reports continue, be limited to one year from the date of their departure from London. They may, therefore, be expected home by July or August. The Figaro states that her Majesty the Queen is pleased with the treat ment which her daughter, the Empress . Frederick of Germany, received during her stay in Pari.!, and that the Queen shortly intends to visit Paris and to spend two days there. The Lord Mayor replies to a letter of General Booth, on the subject of making provision for outcast persons found on London bridges at night, by sending him a report from the Com missioner of City Police asserting that there is not one word of truth in the General's allegations. Mr. T. A. Dibbs stated to the Labour Commission that in New South Wales during the three months the strike lasted there was £1,500,000 less in circulation than there other wise would have been. According to Mr. Dibbs, 50 millions of money have been paid away in dividends since the creation of the colony. Ireland may be said to hare expurged itself in the division on the second reading of the Marriage with a De ceased Wife's Sister Bill in the House on Wednesday evening. Twenty-six Irish members voted, thirteen of them against the Bill, and thirteen in the majority of nearly fifty by which the second reading was passed. , Particulars are now coming to hand of the progress of the relief works along the western seaboard of Ireland. Twenty- five miles of railway are in course of construction from Westporfc to Acbill, and eight hundred men are em ployed. In the Westporfc Union about £1100 of Government money is being paid in wages each week for railway making and road repairing. Mr. J. H. Chatterton brought an action in the Queer's Bench Division to recover £520 from the London and Country Bank, the sura in question being the amount of forged cheques which he alleged tbey had negligently cashed. The bank denied that they had been negligent, and said, on the other hand, that tliey had baen led. to cash the cheques through negligence on Mr. Chatterton's part in ticking the pass-book himself. A verdict was, however, returned against the bank for the full amount. A correspondaont writes to the Daily Telegraph : — A propos of Dr. Thorold's translation from Rochester to Winchester, it is interesting to learn that the Bishop's son, who is a couvert to Catholicism, when recently in Rome had an audience of the Pope, who, at his earnest request, was pleased to itn-. part a special benediction for the new occupant of the see of St. Swithun, an ecclesiastic who was Bishop of Win chester in tho ninth century. This is believed to be the only instance of a Papal blessing upon a Protestant Prelate. On Monday morning while a herd of cattle were being driven through Hospital Street, Nantwighan infuriated cow broke away, and ran into the Wesieyan schoolyard. The children were at the time waiting for the open ing of the school doors. The appearance of the beast caused a terrible panic among the boys and girls, whom attacked ferociously. A number of them were caught on the animal's horns, and tossed about in all directions while others we»;-e trampled upon. The drovA-, aud other men who had pursued the cow beat it out of the yard and it was eventually slaughtered. No fewer than forty-five children were more or less injured, and had to be- carried or sent to their homes. Mr. Raikes, the British Postmaster- General, has promised to reduce the rates on post cards to Australia when ever a favorable opportunity for doing so occurs. Father Denifle, Dominican, under- Archivest in the Vatican Library, and already Associate of the Academies of Paris and Vienna, has been elected a member of the Academy of Science, 'Berlin, and an official of Public Instruc tion in France, while in Austria be has been decorated by the Government with the ' Cross and gold medal for science. When John L. Sullivan announced his. intention of leaving the prize ring for the stage, it was generally thought that histrionically he would be a failure. Quite the reverse has happen ed. His, share of the profits is said to be £500 per week — the laigest salary received by an actor in America on record. In this instance, however, mere curiosity must be the draw. Sir Charles and Lady Halle are re turning to the colonies to scrape in more Australian gold. They have made arrangements for a series of 40 concerts, opening in Melbourne in June next. The last trip was a most successful one, but ' it is thought the distinguished musicians will fall a bit fiat this time on account of forcing the pace. Sant.'ey has decided to let a couple of years slip; by before coming out again. Phil. Ca'.lau, late M.P., for Louth, is about to try his fortune at the Mel bourne Bar. Phil was an old colleague of Parnell's in the obstruction days. Consequently it was a surprise when he was opposed by the Irish leader in 1886\. The excuse was a bad one- Phil's proneness to reveal party infor mation. The real reason is now out.: Phil, would never have kept quiet over the Kitty O'Sbea business. The Duke of Devonshire lias sent at reply to the memorial which his Irish : tenantry forwarded to him recently, through Lord Edward Cavendish. He grants an abatement of 17 per cent toi the tenants in general, and 22£ per cent in the district where the potato crop had failed. As a future aid to the tenants who suffered from this failure seed potatoes will be distributed at a nominal price. Commenting on the facts that the C&tholie; missions in China will hence- forth be under the protection of the representatives of Germany, our able contemporary, " Germania," appositely remarks that the French Government, which was so anxious to exercise a guardianship over all the religious establishments of our faith in the East, can badly complain of its check upon this point, considering that it subjected the youthful missionaries to military service. The emigration from Ireland for 1890 has been considerably less than for the year 1889. The official statistics . of the Board of Trade show that for the twelve months ended 31st December last 57,401 persons emigrated from Ireland, whilst during the year 1889 the number was 64,923. America as usual, absorbed nine-tenths of the emigrants, the United States receiving 52,079 of the total for 1890, and Canada 1,705. From all sides complaints are heard of the ravages among the native birds and ground game worked by the ferrets and other vermin brought into New Zealand to destroy the rabbits. With the rabbits, it seems, they live on the best possible terms. It only remains, for them now to attack the lambs, which no doubt they will do all in good time, to complete the sum of their usefulness, and crown the wisdom that suggested their introduction. They may possibly wait, however, until they have finished the birds — but that, it would seem, "will not be very long. . Zurich, Protestant Zurich, is pro greasing steadily towards paganism. In 1890 so many as 1822 newly-born babies were left without baptism. There were 686 " civil" marriages and 1053 burials of a like godless character. Protestantism is falling -to pieces in Switzerland, giving way tq Catholicism where the population , is religious, and to paganism, where it is otherwise. Mr. W. O'Brien, M.P., having de clined the position of chairman of the Irish National Press Company (Ltd) aud the editorship in-chief of the new Dublin daily, Mr. Sexton has been invited to undertake the political direction of that journal. The directors have allotted the shares, and Mr. John Morrogh, M.P., has formed the board. The directors state that the date of the first appearance of the paper will shortly be announced. A t the taking-on stations outside the London Docks on Saturday morn ing (says the Labour World. Jan. 10) about 300 men were waiting for employment. Of this number only forty were taken on. The others stood round outside the gate in shiver ing groups discussing the situation, when an officer of the Dockers' Union appeared with food tickets, which were eagerly and thankfully received by tlie men. At the St. Katharine's Docks there were about 400 men waiting' when the first call was made, and only about eighty of these were required. Mr. Tom Mann has received a donation of £50 from Cardinal Manning. A London paper is responsible for this : — A lady who last season for the first time made her appearance in certain London drawing-rooms, and established great success as a ballad singer, was last August "commanded" to accompany some neighbours of the Queen on a visit to Balmoral. She sang several Scotch ballads which greatly pleased the Queen. Then she sang "The Wearing of the Green," and as the words and air of that beautiful song rose and fell everyone noticed with wonder that her Majesty was weeping. What this may portend I do not know. I tell the story'as it was told me by one of the guests at Balmoral during the Queen's autumn stay. The Auckland Herald gives the following as an example of the conse quences resulting from the overwork required of teachers in the public schools : — " Not very many weeks ago one of the best .teachers under the Board of Education resigned on ac count of illness brought on by over work. Two months afterwards she was in her grave. The young lady was as distinctly killed by the system.. as if the board had compelled her to drink an ounce of prussic acid." — As to the fruits of the fatal slavery reap ed among the children, we see else where what our contemporary - has to say. Wbere both teachers and pupils are concerned, therefore, the mischiev ous folly of the system is apparent. A New York correspondent writes : — What is described as " a startling dis covery" has been made at Dayson, Kentuckey. It is stated that John O. Taylor, who has been living in obscurity is the reputed heir to the estate and the Earldom of Tyrone! If the lineage is proved he gains the title, and shares with other members of the Taylor family the accumulations of rental of the estate tor 100 years past. The estate . is valued at a million aud a half pounds. The title of Earl of Tyrone is now borne by the Marquis of Waterford, ami it may be added that the family name is Beresford and not Taylor. Secretary Blaine has dismissed the Minister to Guatemala tor the part played by him, a little time ago, in permitting of tho arrest of a political refugee on board of an American vessel. The re fugee in question was one General Bar- rundia, who, having vainly conspired against the Government, escaped to an ; American ship. Tho athorities im mediately applied to the American Min ister for permission tg arrest him, and were authorised by the Minister to do ! so. Barrundia, however, -resisted, and i was shot down dead on board. Mr. j Blaine, having investigated the matter i 1 has now dismissed the Minister. How | would it be, by the way, suppose the arrest of a dynamiter ou board, for ex ample, of an American vessel at Cork, was authorised by tbe Minister in London? It is to be concluded that the Government of the States has not one law for the little countries and an other for the big ones — as seems to be tbe case elsewhere. ; Mrs. Sheldon, the American explorer, has departed for Africa. The outbreak of the Indians in Dakota lias once more proved, the heroism of the Catholic priesthood. A priest named Jnle took upon himself a mission from General Brooke to a camp of 2000 braves, strongly entrenched hear Pine Ridge. Ho was accompanied by an Indiau guide ulone, and travelled for two or three duys in extreme suffer ing from cold and hunger. The chiefs gave him a hearing, but declared that tliey had been cheated of their food supplies and were' determined _.to have one big feed and then devote themselves to death by fighting. Father Jule succeeded in persuading them to send a deputation to discuss the situation with General Brooke. The Iudians, indeed declare no enmity against the military. They complain of the agents, by whom they say, and most probably with justice, that they are robbed. They express a desire' to be delivered from the management of the Indian department and placed under military control. Father Craft, meantime, the missionary, a convert, who had been elected a chief of the Sioux some years ago, with the title of Hovering Eagle, and who had been in New York, his native city, when tbe troubles begafi, hastened back to his people in order tp try and restrain them. He happened to be at Pine Ridge Agency when the Indians, on the death of Sitting Bull, a noted chief, cume in. They refused to give up their arms, but insteud opened a fire on the soldiers in which the mission ary received a severe wound. As to Sitting Bull he was shot by the Indiau police, and, as it is said he had been falsely accused of an intention of joining the hostile Indians and unjustly killed, a committee of Congress has been appointed to make inquiries. He was arrested in bis camp and was being taken away when his son called fur his rescue. This led to a fight, in which the chief, his son, and many others were killed. The Indians corroborate tbe statements made by Father . Graft, in New York when the' news of the impending outbreak reached him there. The agents, they say, cut short their supplies leaving them to starve, and tbe Messiah craze and the ghost dance are the results of their misery. 