EXTRACTS FIROM PUNCI. Anybody who has ever seen a dog tack ling a hedgehog has a fair idea of the troubles of Mr. Shiels just at present. Mr Speight is his hedgehog. He has sworn by all his gods to abolish Speight, or at any rate to abolish Speight, the autocrat. But Speight has a constitutional objection to be abolished, Just as the porcupine has. He puts out all his quills and snorts from inside-" Come on." Truth to say, Shiels seems very loth to "come on." He was supposed to be panting to lay his story before Parliament. So was Bob Acres pastinlg to fight, until he came near the duelling ground, and then he confided to his friend O'Trigger that his valor was oozing out at his fingers' ends. If Mr. Shiels is a valorous man he takes such artistic pains to hide his pluck that nobody even suspects him of possess ing any. He promised all last week to bring in his Railway Commissioners' Bill, but was unable to screw his courage to the sticking place. Fighting is not his forte. He can fight when driven to it, but would rather not, on the whole. What Mr. Shicls most relishes is riding the hobby-horse of some abstract question, and preparing an essay on it, and delivering that essay as a speech in Parliament. Mr. Shiela has hitherto been a man of great speeches. If he suc ceedsi in laying hold of Mr. Speight in his vulnerable parts he will have to doas well as talk. - There is no use in carrying on the pretence that "Poverty is no crime," Prisons are made for criminals, and the poor are shut up in them purely because they are poor. Catherine Stewart on Tuesday last came before Mr. Panton. She was old, weak, bent and decrepid offences had enough, surely. But, worse than that-she had no money in her purse; in fact, she had no purse at all. A woman of seventy-six who was forced to plead guilty to all that indictment could expect no mercy. The magistrate had a qualm or two about sending her to prison. But there was nothing else for it. And that is the highest reach of our boasted nineteenth century civilisation. They did very much better in the middle agrs. Since Hancock fired his bhunderbus at bank and ltankers his voice has not been heard. He sits dreadfully self-conscious playing with the ghost of a moustache that will not appear, and looking like a man in a strange suit of clothes. 