CROSSING- T1 iK W U -ttllU-K. E AIL- WAY BRIDGE DURING THE FLOOD. There is a comic side to the flood, and a glance at it is supplied by the narrative of a young gentleman who had overstayed hu leave and was anxious to get back to town: He says:— On arriving at the railway station at a .quarter to.eight on Tuesday morning I found it deserted with the exception of a small urchin who was gazing at the goods shed opposite him. He did not appear; to have any particular interest in anything else, and-was probably placed there to see tbatit did not run, ! away. Entering the station master's " office I had a look round, an unearthly silence prevailed.and the,incessant click click of the telegia-ph and. : block instrument iva^ absent I took possession of this place for the while and waited results j a porter made^ his appear^ ance in about five minutes.and to my inquiry if I could eet to.tbwh.to-day he shook his head very doubtfully and dropped a few;hints about a train going in the ciim and distant Tuturei He said.ibere were.tliree'.trains stocknp beyond the bridge nver the Thomson ana .ha-d "not the ghost of.a thow to get to Sale. I could not find any consolation in this so I asked him to mind my paraphernalia while I went and investigated.- Sergeant-Major Jeffries arrived jost then and received the same reply,to his enuoiries, a'ud to another, enquirer who wished to know if catt:e could ba trucked, be gave a decided and mournful .negative. He seemed much cut lip over the matter and an observer would have; believed that .he was personally injured by tbe floods. On starting out I met the S.M. on tbe platform wbo told me if I crossed ihe bridge I could get to town, I was much relieved at this information ami started at once.' On arriving at the first bridtre I halted and bad « look at the banks -before crossing, at botb sides tlie embankment was washed sway, but it looked firm enough. The sigbt from here did not look very attractive .to anyone who was desirous of crossing. The tremendous w.hirl of the water impressed me and I wished for the company of a life asBur- ance agent '..A repairer came walking nimbly across from the|other end with as much no. concern as if he were walkingdown Raymondstreet, and this encouraged me and I reached the other side in safety. I met IMrPitepatrick; tbe District Traffic Superintendent, and some other .officials there, and.the former asked me it I wire going to town, and receiving'an affirmative, he told me to go across the next bridge (The Thomson), and to be careful. This I felt to be a needless caution, as ! not likely to be otherwise, and on proceeding farther ! received a similar caution iroin a gray beaded individual, who informed me that there was a laig^e gap at "the other end.Sand I would 'have to J be extremely cautious, I thanked him on behalf of the family for his advice and. asked him if he had crossed it himself and could speak from experience 2 But "he winked the other eve" and made demonstrations which led aie to believe that he did not consider himseit otherwise than discreet. Oniarriving at the Sale, end of the Thomson I came again to a halt. The embankments here were. washed ' away for about 20 feet, and the sleepers were held by the rails, only a ;plahk was laid over them. I felt more, etroiiffiy that the aernces of..a life assurance agent were indispensable at the -present moment. On looking around the country I observed the pumping' shed and house almost submerged. The torrent was terrific, and was a magnificent sight to the observer, who had come to see and not to proceed. That (the "immense whirpoola 'of water and the tremendous force of the current was a grand and imposing spectacle, I do nnt deny, but tbe attractions of the Ecene wer6 completely thrown away on anyone in my "position. I was..- the -only ope si far who was going to cross,.and I felta bit solitary.' Some repairers were up at the other end of the bridge hard at work, this, and my anxiety to get back stimulated me to make the attempt, I walked over o.n the plank aid got on the decking of the -bridge. The ballast was washed away in miny places, and it was bard to-gefcifirui footing, Xcoutd not.fall far, liowever, as the decking under the bridge was safe,' Tbe bridge itself on the pUes was as firm as a • rdet; .and I got very courageous. There was no hurry, as the mails hadnofc come yet, so I pnt on an ...indifferent air,. ,'aii.d'vsanntered pleasantly along. My Ihdiff reiice was soon changed to concern though, on .seeing a trolly coming towards me.-. -This was a ik-v," devoiopment in the art of bridge crossing, which ! was quite unprepared for,' and embarrassed me eiceedingly. The repairers were evidently in' the. same mind, and .requested me to stand aside." As there was nothing "aside" to stand on, I declined to comply, and thought the request very unreasonable nnder ;the 'circumstances. I must get past somehow, though; thought*;!; and,-as it was impossible t o jorcp cm the trolly (it^beihg loaded Iwith' pitebforksj" gtappling irons, &.C.), I made for a baystack which'-was : perched .at the side' of the bridge; and which'," I-thought; I mishtwith safety lean! : against'.- The trolly was close up to me now?" .and tbe mtn stopped.. Seeing me making fo£ the haystack, one of them bawled out; " Don't lean against that, it is not safe." I got away from there, and as. I had to be smart I balanced :myself on the side of ~the bridge,* and leaned against one of the "large piles at the side, . I took good care not to look into the water rushing below, which might have turned me giddy, but: kept my face fixed on - the man' nearest me—a good big fellow, and as good a s'-amp of a labourer as you would wish' to see.; He kept bis hand rcudy to catch me if X fell, but did not have to use it for that purpose. The trolly went safely by, and 1 made for the. middle of tbe bridge with great alacrity, ?nd shook hands with myself." About-20 persons* . were .'perched on lhe ether side of the einlank- "raent- at' the Melbourne end, and a young-fel{' -lowabbufe'rny ag^^asgazing at tbegap. Me looked ;as".if he- wished, to come orer, and;'.!?' waited to see if the bridge' would give way, 017' if it would ba an easy feat to accomplish. I; -felt much obliged to this young fellbw; who would relieve my inind greatly if he- got over safe. During : the . time this;-,was "pstsang; through my mind be had progressed about f?f.'., and J was very much surprised to sc-e hiin turn; and go back again. "I .would sooner he had: 'left it alone. altogether, as it made me hesitate ' and consijer, The earth under the sleepers was washed away for abont 30ft.: and ya? far worse than the other end. Two planks were laid across, but it looked very ricketty indeed, and was on; an incline. ,3j0oking towards Sale; •I saw Sergeant-Major Jeffries coming up,, and. would have wa ted for bim, : bnt the spectator^ who evidently took the. performance for a Ijlondin show, and "would end up with the; pas-inp round of the hut. when : I reached the other, side (they had been gi^atly interested in; my movements so far, and were now qnite eh-; raptured) were manifesting signs of impatience,- and appeared at a -loss, to understand .why X-. did not begin thei fun., I walked along the plank and found the fun very serious business, it. jumped lip and doivn lihe a young springboard. The; crowd watched with abated breath, when about two tons of earth fell from the embankment in front of them, and further proceedings on my part had no interest for them, and they got to safer quarters.: This fall had made the -Tails spring 1 about'- very nimbly, and I made haste to get across %t all hazards, .and waE not sorry to reach the other side. .As the .spectators bad .dispersed-there was no collection made. The y oungf ellowbefore mentioned still.sat lookiDg very dubiously at the rails, and did not seem to find the prospect very m vjtmg. He did not make aoy e n qmrita , 60. I left hun and proceeded alongtheembaukmenti Icould see that the war.er had been hardat work Ehiftmgiti Some parts of itlookedas if you could; push :it down with thp band. ... Tbeitaain was camped about a mile -further on; ..and beyond* the third bridge from Sale, this-'bridge was perfectly-safe, as tbere was not much ennrent.' On arriving atthe-train, I was accosted by a red-baired, corpulent passenger, wbo demanded to know-if I had brought anything to eat, and: was especially indignant when I informed :him£ I was well hned made. . He wanted -to knowi if Ithought- that did him any good. "He saidi he Was starving to death, but I did not thinki a week ot this treatment would nave done; him any harm. I was sorry 1 for him, though/ and suggested that he should walk-to i-SaJe, . but'ihe glared at me - with.suchxterocity <bat Ij: feltvsure he had tried: :tnat :^dvistuck^p at the^gap. JBe pmed for a.gnn to rishoot^ome: cattle . were staging jhitbe nextipadflock. ! What hie would have done with: them Jdon't; fcnonv "bnt perhaps he .was oSended at^hem, for being able to cat grass when hcjsoldn't. fie was a traveller for a wine and spint^£rm, and had evidently exhausted his samples'! He i said, in answer to my query,-"that Jib 1 had camped there ^dl night, ana the carnage 'cushions were as hard as door . mats. > He was; m-a''verydLstofaed«tafce3-randwhenIlhformfed him he could not get to Bairnsdale Ja the line Wis washed away at Gowwar, ^to., be-es pressed a wish that all the railw^JiiifVip ; oria would be'waAeiiaway, when Be wonia, go to Flino's Greek' and take lip woodcutting 1 Senrt^-Ma^or -l eJTrre;- arrivc-d fioon aiterwards, anri ftKtkinp IsiC-k f ts'tv.' the. In ruts 'rAnnmp: across, and iMr Snuth with his ijowi:]^ beard was following them. Our xed-haired friend' said to the guard "That now-old -SSathw -Cfafistmas was wmesihe hop^ae jraqli prtg ceed toHown; that he had been 'under tbe impression tbat it Was neanng Easter of 3LS92, but would be «Ua io gpt intajtown.belore Hew •STeatj" D^yi' 3"he ^nard said be wonia se-, . jng "bis ann and givroc; signals to the driver,; bawling oat ""Bight aray." The driverid not take any notice of him,-and he endeavoured to push tbe tram along himself. Two commercials arriyiDg-jnSt theB -from -somepart of Wnrruk, the three of them^gotinto onecar- Tinge, Seret "Maj r Jeffnes into smother and ;, I harOea myself into a ttain! Thei^-were oniyil £t= of as, and X was theonly xme otihemi going to Melbourne.— Theguftrd gave the arrived in^PWn fbofltj o^ocV, Iwm very : 5 glad to gefat tie -office," and my «ntry°%aBl greeted with, ntprse by my fellow clerks, as; 1 was ootespected ti}l Saturday The general a impression, etimulatca by -certaiu absurdTiefeu grams m Jhe Argns^o the®ecttbatSbe"Viter -was in tbe -conrMiouse, wasxhatSaJe bad-been titeraUy ddpged. - | 