FOUNDATION STONE LAYING. Last Saturday afternoon the mem bers of the Mill St. Wesleyan church, Little Brighton, assembled for the purpose of taking part in the cere meonial of laying the foundation stone of their new church. There were visitors present from many of the sister churches, and there wore representsatives from the various societies in the district also present to show their sympathy with the move ment. The proceedings were opened by the Rev. A. Rigg giving out an appropriate hymn and Revs. C. 11. Ingamells and G. Tregear offering up prayer and reading a portion of Scripture. Mr J. Webb then read the follow. ing statement :-"For a consider able time past the accomnodation of the building devoted to Sabbath school purposes here has been too limited. The zealous and energetic superintendent of the school said it was impossible to carry on the work of Sabbath school instruction with efficiency under such disadvantagous circumstances. Hie therefore re quested that an addition should be made to the schoolroom, This matter was thought over by the trustees and it was considered wiser to build a new church and utilise the old church for Sunday school work than to build a new schoolroom. The question of the site 'of the new church then came to the front, and many opinions were entertained and expressed on this subject. Some thought that the new building should be erected in Union street, but after a careful and prolonged consideration the trustees came to }he concdusion that the best thing to do was to build on. the ground adjoining the old church, and it is believed that the future. will show : that .the trustees have acted wisely: in thus deciding.?;- Me'sss Grundy. cland Williatms's tender amounting to £1265 was accepted by the trustees, but it is expected that. a cost of at least £1400 willbe necessary to make the 'surroundings quite complete and to make such alterations in the present church as to adapt; it for Sabbath school purposes. Towards meeting this expense the trustees have on.hand the sum of £700 and promises made by the following gentlemen :-Mr C. Stone, land to the value of £100; Messrs Matthews, Weber, T\ebb and Thomas £100 each; Mr Berry, £50; Mr Peck, £25; Mr A. Stone, £10; Messrs RKings well and Trewhella, £5 each and Rev. E. King, £2. Making a total of £1197, whereas the amount, re quired will be £1400. It is desirable that the sum of £100 should be raised here to- day as it is understood that a gentleman has pledged him self to give £100 ons the condition that the new church shall be put up free of debt." Mr Webb then on behalf of the church trustees pre sented 'Mr C. Stone with a very handsome, silver trowel and asked him to proceed to lay the stone. For which gift lMr Stone conveyed to the trustees his warmest thanks and said he would hand' it down to his family. The stone ias w tia i'loeredra iito its place' and dechiredr by Mr C. Stone to be well arid truly laid in thlie anie 'of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost:: Mr Stone then spoke as follows : "It affords me very great pleasure to meet you on such an occasion as this; especially as some persons have come a considerable distance to show their :sympathy with us in our endeavor to erect a better and more commodious place of worship. In the early days of this colony our churches like our dwellings were mostly of a very primitive style of architecture; and they served our purpose well, and God honored them with His presence and blessing. One of our ministers hunmorously termed them " Ecclesiastical cowsheds." I venerated those places; to me they were 'holy ground, the birthplace of blood bought souls. Advancing civilization; however, has given us better houses and with it has come the desire to make our houses of God both comfortable and attractive, and I flatter myself that the building we are about to erect will' be an orna ment to the neighbourhood and I trust a blessing. to the community. It may not be uninteresting' to some here to know that' this is the'47th year since the introduction of Methodism' to. Brigthton.i "Preaching services were ' first held- at Little Briglhton in the' house of the late Mr G. Thiomas in 1844. In the following year a wattle and daub chapel was built and preaching services regularly conducted. Shortly after similar services were held in North Brighton and East Brighton and chapels subsequently erected. Classes were also formed and a MIethodist Church organised in each of those places. These services were conducted principally by local preachers. In 1850 the church we now occupy was commenced and finished and opened in the following year, when application was made for a resident minister, which resulted in thie appointment of time Roev. W. Byrnes. In 185-1 lBrighton becamlu a separate circuit under the super intenlence of the ]ev. Jas. Rick ford ; and preaching places were us tablished at Moorabbin, iKeys borough, Clheltenham, and eventually at Oakleighl, Dandenuong, The Clyde, Berwick and Frankstoen. Tmhe church formed in the house of Mr Thomas has so extended that what was first called the Brighton Circuit has been divided into five separate circuits employing 8 ministers and a large staff of local preachers. Of the pioneers of our church at Little Brighton most have served their generation, finished their woik and gone to their reward; others have removed and become centres of use fulness in other parts of the colony. and some few, by the mercy of God, remain to this day. The Methodist Church is an aggressive Church ; we do not want to attack and rob other chuiches-we are glad to help them and receive help from them-but we do want to win souls for the Saviour; and wherever a few persons can bhe found willing to listen to the Gospel message, we are able with the assistance of our lay agency to minister to them the Word of Life and gather them into the fold of Christ. The Methodist Connexion is a federation of Churches; Wlhile we have laws and usages which govern the whole connexion, each conference and each circuit manages its own affairs and has its lay and clerical representatives in the con -ferences. Methodism is not a pol itical association, its object, like that of its great and revered founder is to'spread scriptural holiness through out the land. For this it exists, to this end it labors. But anything that interferes with that object has its most determined opposition. Hence the attitude it has assumed on the subject of Education--the exclusion of the Religious element from our State schools. The State supplies the means for physical developement, the acquirement of useful knowledge and mental train ing, but makes no provision for the nobler nature, the immortal principle. That education must be defective that is not founded on a religious basis. In no other.part of the British Dominions, that I am aware of, is that grand old book, the Bible, or at least portions thereof, excluded by law from the public schools, In no other part of the British possessions have the authorities dared to elimi nate the name of Christ from the school books. That questionable honor has been reserved for Victoria, inl' it isa dark blot on her history. This Godless system has had a fair trial; it lias beeni ' weighed in the balances,-and lehas been found want ing." :It is 'now hearing .its bitter fruit as is seen in the criminal records of the colony. Victoria owes much-very much-to the different churches for their efforts to send the Word of Life through. the length and ireadth' of the land. The erection of churches like this' now contemplated and others by which it is surrounded. is a standing piotest. against the aboundings of iniquity;. and the truths therein taught are; calculated to make men wiser, better, happier, better fitted to: ai?tain the various relations of life and prepare themm ,for, a. state. of. blessedness hbeond th~i grave. I pray that the Divine blessing may rest uponi all connected with this place of worShip 'and that a Divine infiuence may rest u-pon all who may minister therein." The Revs. C; H. Ingamells, B. Wibberley (Primitive Methodist), and A. Rigg subsequently addressed the assemblage, the first named giving particulars re the matter of the erection of the proposed now edifice. A collection amounting to about £22 I having been taken 'up, an ad journment wos made to the school. roon, in which place the lady merm bers of the church and congregation lhad provided refreshments for the visitors: * 