ARCUS CLANCES. 1 Mr. C. Shapter received a nasty kick fm his horse on Monday, the services of ir. Casement being rendered necessary. People who don't know anything abut it are asking what the half mile of buh and twig arrangement is opposite Pelican Island. They don't understand that it is a fascine erected to prevent the erosion of the river bank. : Voluntary sequestration — Abraham Jen nings of Port Macquarie ; Mr. Morris, official assignee. The Mudgee Dairy Company has de clared a dividend of 8 per cent, on the year's operation. Mr. Gladstone last Monday week cele brated his 81st birthday, when he received an immense number of congratutary letters and telegrams. The Roman Catholic Church at New castle was entered on Wednesday, and the sum of £12 stolen from the collection box and offertory table. A boy in the employ of Mr. J. C. Spencer had his collir-bone broken on Monday whilst riding after cattle. Dr. Casement was called iu and he is now doing well. The United States census shows that the population is 62,500,000 an increase of over 12,000,000 in the decade. The German Freetraders intend holding an International Freetrade -fl— i mbb. , believing that protection is tottering to its fall. John Teenier, the American Scnller, has issued a challenge to John M'Lean, the Australian, and the champion sculler of the World, to row for the championship on any course he chooses to select. . Mr. W. L. Murdoch, captain of the Australian cricket eleven, who recently visited England, intends to return to Australia shortly. Recently Professor Virchow had brought to his notice a man who may probably boast of the possession of one of the longest beards in the world. This remark able beard measured from the chin was slightly under 5ft. in length and was of remarkable thickness. Professor Virchow examined some of the longest hairs and found that they were each split at the end. This goes to contradict the general idea that when hair splits at the end it is a sign of coming baldness. Exceptionally cold weather has been experienced in London during the last month. At present the' frost is so severe that the River Thames at Twickerham is- frozen over. Lismore has developed a new novelty in . the shape of a ghost. It is reported that ghostly sounds are heard nightly in a - > building near the Twickenham Estate like that of a scuffle between two men. A H lady clairvoyant in Lismore declares that some years ago a murder was committed in the locality, and that the skeleton of the victim reposes at the bottom of a well close by. With the consent of Sir Henry Parkes the Director General of Forests, Mr. J. Ednie Brown, will bring forth a quarterly publication dealing very exhaustively with the forest flora of New South Wales. Each issue will be illustrated with lithographed pictures, and the letterpress is intended to be rather a popular than a technical expo- - — sition of the forest flora of New South Wales. In addition to giving full infor mation respecting the various trees and plants the uses of the various timbers will;" .3, be dealt with. The first publication, it is oxnected, will be ready for issue about three months hence. The defection of Commissioner F. Smith from the ranks of the Salvation Army, and the remarks which he has since made as to the disposal of the funds of the Army, are destroying General Booth's prospects of raising the necessary funds for carrying out his new scheme for the rescue and the emigration of the criminal and the desti tute. .... A council employe named Watherspoonbv had a narrow escape from a fearful death s on Friday morning at Lismore. He was' working in a gravel quarry, when' a large mass of gravel and earth fell in upon him burying him up to the armpits. He was quickly dug out by his fellow workmen and- was found to be suffering severely. Dr. O'Connor was called in and found that no bones were broken. It will be some time before Watherspoon is able to resume, work. Tne gravel struck him on the head, but on account of being wet broke all around him and thus saved his life. The Due d'Orleans, who recently made an attempt to enter the French Army as a private soldier, has offered his services to the Czar of Russia. His Imperial Majesty has, however, refused to allow him to be come associated with the Russian army. A man named Joseph Bracken, aged 40, committed suicide by hanging himself from ; the ceiling by means of a strap in a house at Redfern. A tinsmith named Hayward, residing at Campbelltown, Tasmania, stabbed his wife while she was lying asleep. A son was aroused by the screams of his mother, and rescued her. Hayward then cut his own throat, and is not ex pected to recover. Vessels representing an aggregate of 100.000 tons have been laid ud in Ene-Iand owing to the labour demands. General Booth, of the Salvation Army, has announced that the donations and promises toward his scheme for the assistance of the masses in London already ; 7 amount to £90,000. There is a flood of % criticism with regard to General Booth's- scheme. Strong objections have been made against the social reform money being used for general Salvation Army purposes. A large number of bankers, merchants, and traders have sent letters to Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., congratulating him upon the reduction of the ocean postage to 24d, a great public boon which they regard as due entirely to his un wearied afforts in the work of postal reform, and expressing the hope that he will not relax his efforts until the oversea postage is reduced to Id. "%i The Ouraka will sail from Liverpool for Australian ports on the 8th instant. This is the first of the new line of steamers to run between Liverpool and Australia, chartered by Messrs. Gracie, Beazley, and Co., Liverpool, and M'llwraith, M'Eacharn, and Co., of London. 