06;IWIOT.*'DAYS VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. wiUB onnoNiqiiEs. [Al.ljj IIIUIIIII 11! 41 IIW I-.J ' % NotV 1.AVIXO TUB riUMOa. Superintendent I5yro listened attentively next morning to' tbo report of tho young iilViacrd, ragardiiiR tho vinion they hud Been ou tliu Inland corootcry. Ho did nut believe, lot it single muuiunt, tbut it won n visitor [rum aplrlt- laud that w»a thus airing itself un thu cliff, and yet both Lhu ooldiira unil the olilooru must havo been ootifronlcd by something very extraordinary, or they would uot Uuvu bcon bo startled as they v. xro 11 Of course, 1 need scarcely asU il you bu liovo in Rbostiirlio queried. 'Indeed, wo ilo not,' ivr.s Iho unanimous ??Tiii'l wo nil know that there ma no settlers In thiu region thirty feet hifih,' ho went on, wilhuniuilo. 'The object wo enw waB of qulto that Btalure,' ropllrd Trench, ' und ii w not dreaniMl in uunviot oluthiup,. A long beard wbi aloi- vinible.' 'Tho only thins wo can do io to radio km oxlmuttivu search ul tbe Met to-day, imd wn might Hod Bomo oluo to tbo mystery,' cnld the superintendent, slowly. ' II we have a human beinit to do.il with (even though a Kiaul) wn will know how to rlu bo, whilst, if tho vKilant iu of supernatural oriRin. it is boyond our power to intorfuro, nud wu mini only leavo it to in own nightly jmirnfiyo.' Krro wan essentially a practical man, and during tlia day ho took u numbor of men to Ojadmnu'u Itdo and madn a thnrou^h fleatch B« it, wpocinlly about the cVffi wlicio tho phantom lmil Iran aeen. The ijuctl was quite uimucoeaaful. Certainly, tlttm v.oio n tew yawninp chasm a in ttiu great basaltic recks through whloli tiatnu or ono of hia imps laiiiht'ttrieaH-r'Mi^li, but tho eounil ol tho Bon, booming at tfcu.bottom of them, and oc casionally (in ..loriuy wenlliar) lliruiviuK up npray through ?-'? u natural blow-holte, uiudo Ilw mippneilion highly improbable. No uluo could bo found, and in a fan- lUre f,hc wonder, created by tho Htalemimls of tho Mliccio, began to dio unl, nud tho uhest' ?ociucil liMv to bo forgotten. A allp,ht txaitemtut wr.j created at Hoburt Town when it wan bruited around that the I tifiui oomi'to.ry in Imtintcil, and a few «xtr»inipil-ilivi- pcoplo visited the islet in tho hopn of uucliing a glimpao of tlio phan turn. Their ourioiity, however, was not re warded. On tho filth of October following, a small unity of tho officers at l'ort Arthur wen* noroBA to llobnit Town to bo present at u dinner, c'tven in honor of tho enptuin and c.JUccb! of tbo Bbip Argus, by tho lending residents of tho town. This vessel was h uouviet ship, and it was nearly nix years previously since i-lio had visited Sullivan's Onvo with ptisonera. Thu tjstherinr; wao a largo one, and held in tho commodious publio hall. Aliuotl the ftarno ofliccri managed the ship Ufi on the firm foyaijc— »ix years back— and they wcru re-' yarded aa old acquaintances by tho town .'oik. Limitonant Trench Mid his two companions nl ;he ii iliing expedition were amongst tlm kjucBH, and appeared to enjoy thenu'iheu vory much. Such pleasurable gatherings were not frequent in those days. Alter oannniug tho company for ponie tiruo, the ?isuteuant '« oyes heonino suddenly rivettcd uu one of the micnta near tha lower end ol thu room. Ilia itoje was fixed upon tlio uu oonvoious man willi a curicut) ptizr.Ied ex prcusion, but, liter a few moiucnlu, he turned to his companion, and ajked him if ho knew the person ho had bean looking at. ? ' I liellovo hia naniu ia Tiexnrlliu, ami, 1 understand, ho is a settler of tn;nn3. 1 havu only seen him oneo before, and tint was iu tho parlor of the Mac.ju-.ric hottl,' reapouded tho man addressed. This did list onligliton Ticucli very mucli, and for a limo lio forgot the fuco winch hud ao iulcrcatod him. During tho evening, whan thu procci!dinj;n liucaino free, lie found himself at tho lower end of the room with ouq of hiB iljhluj; companion!*. l.nohiuR ueroeii the table, he ai;:iin enw thu msu thu: ho was told was named Tregiuttia. tha lutter wan couvereini; with the iiccand ulliscr of tho ship Ar,;up, and tbo two appeared to bsiilliraatoiriiniL-. ' lluve you act eaa that man before, Kdwirds (' French aaked, pointing to Tru yurtha. ' It seems to mo I have, and yet 1 don's know him. There id something familiar about the faco, but, I don't even know hia norno,' answered hit* companion. Not catiug to trouble himuclt further about tho mutter, thu lieutenant entered into tho festirilics of tho evening with zest. It wan Bometimo noar in'tdnight when ho left thj txoitod ijroup, nmoiiRtl whioh ho had been landing, and walked towards a wing of thu building, which bad been made into an ani licial fern dell for those who might wish to temporarily CEoapc tho heated room. lie wa« looking at, aud aduiiring an immense fern- tree, whon, through a lull in tho noiso whioh oamofrom tho niaiu hall, ho distinctly heard voicos near him, and ho caught tho words, ' Dendman's Isle.' That opot had a peculiar interest for him sinco tho ghostly incident, and his attontion waa instantly aroused. ' I am thinking of leaving the place and making for tho old land again. Sinco the prison has beon built, tbs.placo is dangerous for me. The fact that it is now a cemetery brings too many peopls to il,' ThlB was spoken in a gruff voioo that was not familiar to tho lieutenant, and tbo tones of the answering speaker were cquallv strange. 'lam told that tho place ia haunted, uu that you ought not to have many visitors eapccially at ni|;ht, which is the timo you want to yourself. But I quite agreo ivitti your desire to return to England, for your lifo muat bo n dreary one.' 'Yea; it's beginning to tell upon me. The eternal bocming of tho ocean ban i;a: monotonous, and I detest it. Yes, 1 have hoard tbat the islet ia haunted, and, would you boliovo it, Grooves, two searches h:-.v= actually been mado to Sod the ghoa'.' At this Trench, who wao miG«r!y .'inloninr;, heard tbo tivo men indulge in a hearty l:u:;;h. j lie was moet dctirjus of seeing who they i were, but he did nut care to move, as it mi:;ht I botraj hid whoroauouti, and ho would tbua loss the conversation. ' I aupnoao you managed the uhost business, l'enfold!' was the next wonl.i he heard. 'YeBs I produced an illusion or twa thinking it might keep intruders nvv.iv, bus it hasn't done so. Uowever, it imiiiaj,! iu,_., i and proved that I havo hot let t any of my j old cunning in tho use of the glausev.' The approach of a guest, iu a rather jolly | mood, here put un end to tha talk ushn wnnt in the direction of the voices, and Trench heard him Bay : 14 Oome on, old fellow, It's net every tiny wo bob you, and there's somo splendid '^i; wine ttlll left.' Toe importunate friend wan ntt to bo denied, and, as the thrco men pawed out ot the ferns, tbe lieutenant was unumehed to see tbat the two speakers, whom helm J over heard, vrero Tre^urtha and tbo second oir.icr of the convict sbip Argus. 'What can theso two men havo in com mon,' Trench mottored. And ho called him Tenfold. Tunt must bo bis name, and not Tregarths. U'iiat oan ho mean about Dtnd man's Isle and (bo ghost, lie spoke as if ho knew all about it. By Jove,' tho young man broka out, excitedly, 'lie must bo tbo Khost himself. 1 thought there was some thing in hi) face that I knew, Tho contour n! the bead and the queer long board were the sime'as those of tho phantom. Thoy impressed themselves on my momory, and I shall !ook farther into lhi».' / Ol aaoiw, Imd Trench knamt anfUlag iboin thg ucajio of I'^uMd «oino years no ore, it ii nioro than probablo that ho would mvu an iiton that Urn man bofoio him had oiiRtliinu in conimini with the moipcd opn r ct ; hut, as it, wm, ho know nothing of tho iiifurtniiuto fclnn'a wonderful ceoape, nnd un, tbernforo, nt a loss to nccounl for n ruu hypothoais nf their remarkable convcroa He determined to watoh tbo two men llmt ji -lit to try and llnd out furthor Inforruatlon, jut uft.'r waiting until il a.m., until thoy left Iho hall, ho only discovered that they went to iho Micquorio hotel, and who admitted; llo reluincd to his companions, us limy wcro to sail for the prison at four o'olooli, lint ho did not tell thorn anything about the caiiv. nation ho hud hcurd. When ho reached ',1m prison, ho went at onon to Huporlntou dent lijro and narrated what hud oouio to htH kiinwlcjgc. ' What numn did you fay that Iho ofllccr ualleil bis oouipaniun 1' asked Kyrr. 'lVnlold. 1 wrote it down bo that 1 should not forget it,' answered tho young Thu superintendent wint to a shelf, and tskiiiK down a mil-bound book, looked through it beforo Bpeaklng a|iain. 'Ou tho 22 ad ol April, 1820, N«. 12'J (Uobcrt l'enfold) escaped from thu llobart Town prison, nnd up to dato ho has uot been (trimmed. Thu manner of bis eieapo win a inyxtury, and it is supposed that tho couviot puriBhed In tho foreat,' Eyro said aloud, losing at the licutunant. ' Would it not ha struti;v,' ho continued, 'it this Tenfold trero lilentlcnl with the missing man. And yntitls hardly |iQ3sible that ho could havo remained about tho settlements without de letion. Unless, ludcod, ho had good friends. Uu muat have had good friends, too, cr he uould not have escaped, Who did jou Bay was his companion ?' ho aonoluded. ' Tho second ollicor of the convict ship Argus. I heard him oalled Ureevsa, He was ono of tho ohicf guosta ot tbo even ing.' 'The Argus, tho Argus,' muBed the Buper inUndont. '? Why, that's the uimie ot tho bhip that was in tha harbor when Puntold escaped, some six years ago.' ' 1'us, tir. I board it stated nt tho dinner that tlio was hero onco beforo about that period.' ' Well, I think there ia somothinR ot im portance iu your discovery, i'et, 1 cannot undcretarid what Ponfold can have to do with tho ghost busincsa, aa be said. lie curtninly could not havo eoncealod himself ou Ucadman's Isle for bIx years, nnd, had ho b:on tliora tor six years, vro would have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell off a slevor roan to watch him. He ready to go to liobart Town in an hour's time to point out Tenfold and G reeves to tbe man I will sond with you. When you do that, you may remain in town until tbo fol lowiug morning and return with tbe boat.' In an hour'a tlmo Trench waa back in tho office, where ho found tho superintendent and Cunatulilc Gbapman, who was a born detec tive. In company with Trenoh he lett for liobart Town, where thoy were fortunate enough to liud -i reeves and Trcgurtha — or Pcnlold, for that was hia proper name — In one of the private parlors ot the Macquario hotel. j Chapman sbadowod them until night, and ?hear eight o'clock they left the hotel, and proceeded toward Iho river Derwent. Iiicutenaut Trench met Chapman n the street, follon ing the two men, and lie accom panied him. QrecvoK and Tenfold reached tho river, aud iu a few minutes the spieB saw that they had a boat, and that it miBht be uccesnary to obtain anolbor to pursue. This Chapman soon did, and in company with iho young officer he followed the mon, who wero making towards tho mouth ol tbe (ircat care waa necessary to prevent de tection, but tho pursuora were keeping a safe distance away. Tbo ocean was soon reached, and then it was apparont that Tenfold and his companion were beading I towards D^adtnaii's Isle. Tho sea was tmiooUi, but the distance was long, and [ etivcrul hours [msncd before tho boats camo in I sight of tbo frowning cliffi ol Taeumn's I runiuoula. Soon thoy ontercd Port Arthur, I and the silvery streaks ot light, mado by the \ dippiug oars ot thu shadowed men, showed plainly Hint they wero making straight for tbe inlet. ' We rauut risk going oloBer to them,' said Chapman. ' They have ovidently no idea of their being followed.' I landing to their oars, they rapidly nrarod 1 ihu inland. Tho moou was rising, and the ur*t b-Mit wr.a Keen to mako straight under :.':- j'.-iliDK uliHii on ihasoulh-tnst sido. ' l'ncy suroly canuol laud there,' spoke Trench. When ho looked again tho boat had dlxap. pc-.red, and not a sign of her could be fcund, although tho skiff, containing the punier*, padilkd along tbo sMo of tna rocks wi-,r« uho was b»t seen. Thoy were rather puzzled at this, for no opening laige enough to ao count for tbo ditmppcaranau was visible, but as thoy ro.voil buck for tho second time, a [icculi.ir CDUtormation of tho rooks caught Chapman's eye. 'There mint bo somo waterway about hiru where a boat can bo concealed, and I be licv; it is about this plaoo,' he said. Tlio lieutenant looked iu tbe direction hia comrade pointed, and ho eould plainly see great fissures and water-worn cavities in tbe rotten basnlt face Ha was scanning the oliff iu the hope of being able to llnd a prob able spot, whore l'enfold and his Iriend might have vanished, when ho caught sight of a tbln streak of light, about bait way up the strong wall. Thcrs was no mistaking A Rloara ot light issuing from a crack or holii it evidently was. ' Look, Chapman I What doca that light mean i' ho eagerly aaked. ' We must sec by aomo moans. There muBt bo a secret entrance hero to a aavcrn, nnd our fricuds are in it at present. 1 don't sec how wo uru to reach tbat gleam of light ; but wo must try.' The bout was now under an overhanging ui3(i» ul rock, and the rugged face ol tha cliff, wlu'oh stoud out clearly in tho moon li,;li:. [j.-.vu pruuiiau of sucuro footin». ' llitp lhu lu.it here, nnd 1 will try and diiuh tnccii rocks. I think that I can do so, ' whUuered Chapman to bia oom Divnuting himscll of a superfluous coat, ihu countable c»U;;ht liolil of tbe rocky ledpo and, witli th'i aid ct his companion, soon I awunii hiiiiBrit on to it. Tnen with iko nt rnu.U care, l.c Klovtly climbed to the Bpot he wanted to reach, and which, like a beacon, wr.8 niiidiiii: him onwards. Two or three times tho soft rock crumblod beneath hia li-ut, but iio was nary and did not relax hia ,-rip un tho lirmcr stones. Beaching the saiall fissure ha looked in, but could Boa uoU:ir.;!, as it curved, mid Iho opening was cuo sniall to permit of a proper objerva He Eaw at the first glanoe that the light is auitig fruin tho plaen waa an artificial ono, and, with the instinct of tha detective, ho bent hi4 head aud pluced his ear to tha err i 'V iliHtnnt hum only reached him, which I might bo the moaning of tho sea imprisoned i in tho subterranean caverns or human i voices, but ho could not detect whioh. Ho I made a ciratu! examination of tbe locality i immediately around, nnd put marks in | eovcinl planes so tbat ho would ba able to I reaommo tho tpat again. | While he was doing this bo heard hia I nnmo faintly whispered, and, recognising I tho tonrn aa that ot his companion, he | hastily descended. ?' Hist,' spoke tho voico of Trench. ' Come back to tho boat. I hear the sound ot voleea and the splanh ol oaia apparently at '.ho back of tho olifl.' ' Smuggler's Cave,' in next week's isasuo, will continuo and conclude tho mystery of Dcadman's lflo. It will bo one ot tbo moBI Interesting chapters in this conviot history, and will show how great Broergcnoics will bring out wonderful qualitiei in a min. 