Literary Chitchat. In a recent number of Igdrasil a very in teresting account is given of the will of the late Mr. Allan-Fraser, under which his castle at Hospitalfield is to become "a monastic brotherhood of painters, sculptors, and literary men," as well as a trial sohoolfor young artists. Thirty young men are to be " comfortably lodged, boarded, and olothed" on condition that they bind themselves to study art for four years. Hospitalfleld is further "to provide for the comfortable maintenance and support of aged and infirm professional men, and those who from physical defects are incapable of supporting themselves in comfortable circumstances, being painters, sculptors, and literary men (that in, men who have devoted the greater part of their lives to literature as a profession), and all who, when engaged in their respective professions, were men held in esteem for their moral conduct as well as for their artistic or literary talents." Six trustees, all well-known men, are duly ap pointed for the carrying out of this benevolent project. The publication of the last number of the Universal Review was dolayed for some days in order to give Mr. Qailter time to prepare an article on " Stanley as Leader and Comrade." The distressing controversy over the " Rear guard" has been good for the sale of Stanley literature. Major Barttlelot's Diaries are already in a third edition. The books by Mr. Jophson and Mr. Ward are both in a second edition; and Mr. Troup's will soon likewise attain similar success; whilst of Mr. Stanley's own book a fourth edition is now in preparation. Mr. W. O. Collingwood, the editor of the forthcoming issue of Mr. Buskin's poems, has had at his disposal the whole of Mr. Buskin's early manuscripts ami note-books, ranging from ohildhood to the time when the success of his prize writings led him to abandon verse. Out of these materials everything that was sufficiently complete to bear publication has been extracted, and the additions of hitherto unpublished matter nearly double the bulk of the privately printed volume of 1850. The poems are all accurately or approximately dated and arranged in chronological order, so that they form a running commentary on the author's biography and illustrate the development of his thought and style from thenge of 7 to that of 20. Some later poems will be given in an appendix. The poems, which will be published in two quarto volumes, will be illustrated with twenty-five plates, never before published, executed in •' Goupilgravure" from drawings by Mr. Buskin, illustrative of. places mentioned in the text. There will also be facsimiles of the manuscripts of two poems, and of an early letter from Mr. Buskin to his father. Mr. W. S. Gilbert has just published, with Messrs. Routledge and Sons, a collection of songs from the various operas of which he has furnished the libretti. The title—reminisoenV of the theatre associated with his triumphs—is' " Songs of a Savoyard." The " Essays on Men and Women," by C. A. Sainte-Beuve, edited and with a oritioal memoir by William Sharp, have lately been published. In his dedication to hia friend M. Paul Bourget, Mr. William Sharp says that in his short pre fatory essay on Sainte-Beuve he has presented for English readers, as simply and concisely as Sractieable, the significant facts in the life of le master-critic, and certain dominant traits, physiognomic characteristics, bo to say, of his achievement in literature. The promise con veyed in these words is kept, and the essays have that winsomeness and grace, that delicate aroma of rare culture, with the ever-reounent, vivid, flashing fancies 'and inspirations whioh Mr. Sharp rightly olaima for them. Mr. Sianey Colvin is correcting the proofs of the new book which his friend Louis Stevenson has written at Samoa. It is oalled " The South Seas; a Becord of Three Cruises," and con sists of a series of letters, eaoh complete, deal ing with adventures, economics, cannibalism, criticism, ghosts, dancing, and the language, manners, morals, and oustoms of the dusky peoples whom the author has visited, and among whom he has ohosen to live. The serial publication will oommenoo in England in the new illustrated weekly, Black ami White, and the letters will be profusely illustrated in that journal with drawings made from a mass of most curious and novel material supplied by Mr. Stevenson himself and his stepson, Mr. Lloyd Osborne, who is now in London superin tending the work. It is likely to prove one of the most singular books of travel ever pub lished. "Over thirty years ago," writes Mr. J. Guming Walters in the last number of Iffdrnnil, •• a stranger came to Caerleon, and without giving his name or stating his errand took up his abode at the Hanbdry Aims, facing tho Usk, one of the oldest hostelriea in the king dom. 'Qaiet and unobtrusive to a degree, 1 said a local chronicler, 'he soon attracted attention from his very reserved and seolusive habits. It was soon recognised that the stranger was fond of long walks, and there was not a hill in the neighbourhood up whose sides he did not olimb. For a time no companion or friend seetnod to notice him, but occa sionally a letter arriving at the po3t office was delivered to him. At first the name at tracted no attention, but at length " Alfred Tennyson, Esq.," insoribed on successive mis sives, seemed to have a speoial interest for the local postmaster. Some few of the inhabitants still remember the poet residing there, and at the Hanbury Arms the chair which he chiefly occupied in his apartment overlooking the Uak is still pointed to with some pride.'" Tennv sen's visit to Caerleon (unrecorded by his biographers) is important (says Mr. Walters), inasmuoh as it offers a further exemplification of (he poet's scrupulous care in studying details ; and it adds to the interest of reading the Arthurian poems to know that he obtained from the genim loci both inspiration and enlightenment. 