OoiranEQÁTWlfAL UNION ' ' SESSION 1801. The annual session opened at the Memorial ^'nrffiuary businesS meeting was held aUo'cTal the Rev. John Nisbet, Col. man, and there was a representative gather "The CHAIRMAN said that during the past year he had not being able to visit him Echos so much as he would have wished ÔXtotaiirmily, but the working areas Ho S acquainted With it had gone on with ""irritation or disturbance, to wished Ze as to the Rev. C Price, his successor in the chair. He "'then vacated the chair, which was taken by the Rev. C. Price, chairman for the ensuing year. The Rev. J. W. SIMMONS, secretary, Hub "titled the following roll of ministers and Lates Hobart -Memorial Rev. G. W Sharp, Messrs. Theo. Cano, 3. Divs, G. S firoiioli. J. Dean, J. G- Parker, F'. W. Vine, Sandford Scott and W. Woolley D»vcv.8tieot-Rov G. Clarke, Messrs. J. HE Viiloli, W. A. Weymouth, J. E Salier, J. Baily, J. T. WhltomdeB, C E Walch. llalhurst-Htroot-ltov. J. W. Simmons, Messrs. It. I). ItawoU, Chas. Hall and G. S. Seabrook. New Town Rev. J. Nisbet. Mr. IUol.iir.1 Hickman. Launceston Christ Chuwh-Hov. H. L\w, Messrs. H. Button, A W. Mon 18 A. Murrell, J. H. Clarke, H Price, A. W. Birchall Timitti-strcot-Rov. 0. Price, Messrs. Sutton, Mitcham, Gurr, Room. ¿llclivc.-RoV. Lmao Herford, Messrs. Taylor and Dawson. Carlton and Bream Creek, Don, Forth, and Levon Rov. J. J. Collier. Green Ponds Roy. R. Kennedy. Sin Rev. J. J. Williams. Geeves Town Rev. W. J. Webster, Messrs. Onbon.0 Geeves, and John (festival'. Tnt "ills and Bagdad - Rev. J. W. Shipp and. Port Esperance and Southport Roy. F. A. Woods, Mr. Davis. Richmond and Cam bridge Rev. H. Coombs. West Devonport -Rev J. G. Wright. Latrobe- Ministers without charge Boys. J. Masters, M.A , J, Taylor, B.A., and Rev. R. Ricards. The roll was adopted. 1 ArÖLOOIÜH. The Secretary read apologies for absence from Mr. Sandford Scott, South Glenorchy ; Rev. J. G. Wright, Devonport ; Rev. li. Kennedy, Green Ponds and Mr. S. J. Sutton, Launceston. Mr. Scott regretted being unable to be present, owing to a slight accident which had befallen him. SAVINGS BANKS. , Mr. Sutton wrote ! "I find it impossible to be with you at your, Union meetings; as I proceed to Sydney to be present at the Convention banquet on Monday. Will you kindly ventilate the subject of establish- ing penny savings banks in' connection with our Sunday schools. I am clearly of opinion thatBUCII,a'movement'would bu for good. Your Union would give prestige to the concern, and at the same time exert ' an audience upon the greater number of chil- dren. As to the advantages to youngsters, there can be no doubt, and I think it would be the means of securing a sympathy with our young people extending, far beyond school life. If you think well of it, perhaps the better plan would be to appoint a committee who would inquire into the Hubjucl, and report to our next, meeting adding to their report a plan upon which the whole thing could be carried out. Having some experience in this matter, I should cheer- fully act with such committee, but, of course, this must baliff for yourself to determine." The SECRETARY gave notice of a motion re the establishment of penny savings banks for consideration to-day.' Lanena ULSPUTia. Mr. F. W. Piesse gave notice to move That this Council, viewing with concern the frequency of labour disputes, which often result in bitterness of feeling between the contending parties, earnestly desired and! the encouragement of any habit of thought which precludes i or hinders a feeling of sympathy between employers and the em- ployed!, and directs attention to the great need that more earnest efforts should be made to ascertain the justice of any two materials made on behalf of labour, and to supreme importance of every resource of conciliation being exhausted in the effort to terminate such (Imputes as they arise. The discussion of this motion was fixed to take place at 3 o'clock this afternoon. At 4.40 the Union adjourned till 7.,)0). EVENING MEETING. AT 7.30 it meeting was held in the Memorial Hall, when the Chairman delivered the annual address. There was a fairly good attendance. Devotional services were conducted by the Rev. G. W. Smith' and the Rev. J. T. WILLIAMS, franklin. The Rev. C. Fined spoke as follows I CHRISTIAN BKKTIIIIK.N',-It is with considerable hesitancy that I appear before you in this chair to-night. I lines thought, after occupying this position since lines, and attending a variety of jubilee meetings, that I should escape such duties in future. I cannot but acknowledge the honour you have so kindly conferred, but must at the I same time assure you that you have put a great burden upon me, and it is only the consideration of your generous support that will enable me to bear it. I turn there, and must proceed with the work before me. Those annual gatherings; have afforded opportunities for Ino discussion and elucidation of many subjects bearing upon theology, science as touching religious thought, Church polity, and Christian life. We have met as the Congregational Union of Tasmania. What is our position, and what are our aims ? It is supposed by some persons that our Church polity continue up to a narrow range cities, and told us to cut IIB off from much that is of national interest, whereas it, on the contrary, opens the way to the freest increase of all the faculties in every depart- matter which is conducive to the good of humanity, political, scientific, social and religions, It gives every mind full scope for its Individual development. Thin has been shown in our eminent politicians, scientists, starts, social reformers, and theologians. Our poets, laid by Milton, have given IIB some of the sweetest songs, and our harmony has not been surpassed for scriptural tone and devout expression. It is admitted that we approach as near as circumstances allow to New Testament pro- credence in our Church organisations, and the administration of the Divine word and ordinances, About 300 years ago some devout theologians were made sensible of the distance to which existing professed Churches had departed from scriptural apostolic touching and Church order, and woy united in fellowship upon the Independent plan of Christian ii«8ouiulioii, and gathered Churches in Britain and elsewhere, we continue in the altino lines, looking back through the ages to New Testament teaching and authority alone to the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, JONES Christ Himself IMIIIL- the chief corner stone. Congregationalism recognises the presence in the Churches of the Divine and glorious Pcraoungo wliowalkcd'nmongHllho Churches of Asia Minor, Tim Hamo Divine Son of God, and Son of Man, walks amongst the Churches of Australia with eyes like flames of fire. What does he see in our Churches ? Is it the implicit faith which receives the true record of His word, and counts all 'Mugs but droBS In comparison with Um excellency of the knowledge, of Christ Jesus the Lord-the glowing love of the personal God, in Christ the purity of soul which cwiJjrTo' soon to see Goethe ardent zeal while throws the soul into all work for the Church, the embracing dimity which recognises a brother or sister in every renewed spirit. If UIOHO gracious qualities are not before Him in our Churches we are falling short of our cutting, and need not «kforthtttgrncowhiolishallloitdiiBUiorufiilly btothcsoChrlstlanviituoH.oi to eiiHtoul tiny "ling which may prevent their developement wd InoroaBO, The Holy Spirit is over night where all who seek to live in the light of ojvlttoliutli, and to glorify their Lord and head in till the ilupiirtiueiils of life. No one can write the history of the secret Church of God during ages of dm hues, 'superstition, and puisuutitinii, but through all these there have been spiritunlly-iniiided I "Ita and women who have Elliot oil to Christ the source of spiritual life, and who sighed "and cried over the corruptions of their lines, I Mist they maintained an independent , Wirsoof devotion to (¡cid-(lad's WIIIII'BKPH. lives and tin ores have met in secret at the disciples did for fear of the Jews, and one j engaged each other in the Lord until they have been destroyed or handed out by the agents of |t,igmiiuiii, or of a corrupt church, 'In sealed their independent mation with weir blood. Such were the true repre natives of apostles and primitive Chris tlantty, who in God's good time and Providence were permited to form churches is to house, and make known the Gospel of the grace of God to sinners around in obedience to the Divine command. From time to time the way was opened for them to appear before the world without molesta- tion from a dominant hierarchy, and present the form of mi colonialism having Christ for their hold and His Word for their guide. We may see in such those who cinbrttuo'l New Testament forms and teaching such as is embodied in our Congregationalism. The experience of our Churches is very similar to that unfolded In the New lost most record The Loi it has blessed the word preached, and many have been pricked to the hem t and inquired, " What must w do to be saved ?" Men and women are being added to the Churches who are being saved -men of culture and honourable women not a few are led to confess Ghi 1st. Dorons Is soon in the sowing meetings I believe, the servant of the Church at, Ceiichroa, U Topic sented by many a malton acting as a mother in Israel. At the same time similar defects manifest themselves. Some have only his II 2 children when they should have developed into mon. Some, like Dumas forsaking Paul, r have left our ministry because they have t lovcdthlspioHuntworld Some, Uko Alexander ( the coppersmith, have done much evil to the Church. Then we have our old disciples, like Monson, with whom futile lodged at Jerusalem, and our beloved dUciiilos in the faith, uke Timothy, to whom Paul gave so much sound advice. Those believers who are our glory and joy, These and other things show that we are in apostolic and primitive lines, so that whilst the evidences of the Holy Spirit's power in the conversion and edification of souls, and the divine soil upon our work, the defects In personal development evidence that the working of human nature Is the Birnie now as in apostolic times, evidencing the necessity of absolute decision for God in those who profess to receive the truth We read the Holy Scriptures in the light of the nineteenth century, with all its science, agnosticism, destructive criticism with the recovered monuments and inscriptions in Bible lands, with the researches of the most matured, minds, then we ask our Heavenly Father to give IIH spiritual dis comment by opening our understandings that we may understand the revolutions given by the Holy Spirit in them we find the revealed Godhead the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and bow with the pro foundoBl adoration of soul before our Greater, Redeemer, and Enlightoncr. We recognise and acknowledge a full development of our sale as sinners, transgressors of God's laws, and we embrace with faith JOSH'S Christ as our Saviour from sin and death. Thou we see the directions for living it. holy life, and feel the force of fill the motives which induce us willingly to give ourselves, body, soul, and spirit a living sacrifice to God. We permit none of the theories of men to darken our vision, or prevent us from heartfelt allegiance to the truth as it is in Christ. His word is our law, and His authority our warrant to make it known to all nations. We look into the creed, of the ages, at 1 endeavour to estimate their worth at the time of their formation. Some induce us to say, There were brave men in those days ; of others, They were deep thinkers ; of others, They loved to theorise, but we are not satisfied to rest in them ; we want to for the very breath of Lila Spirit in the statements of Holy Writ that while our intellects are enlightened, our hearts may be cheered and strengthened by the very voice of God. We I honour The theologians, but we can only rest upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ being the chief corner-stone. Here we learn to reject the pretensions of men who claim to have received the gifts of the Spirit from an apostolic source, and to possess the power of imparting them to others in a continuous line, us also Ilia sup- position that the salvation of souls depends upon the administration by those man of any rites or ceremonies by which the grace of spiritual life is imparted. Our readings of the Holy Scriptures lead to no such con- clusion, but loach IIB Hint salvation is by grace, through faith, and that not of our not yes, because it is the gift of God. ' It is not our custom so to submit the spiritual interests of the Church to civil rulers, as that they should appoint its officers, or sustain its ortliiiiuirjcs from State funds, believing that the Kingdom which is not of lins world must he sustained and extolled by the liberal support of its own members. While we render unto Cassar the things which are Caesar's, will render unto God the things which are God's. ' ' We are also opposed to submit the teachings oftlieChurohiii cardinal doctrine to any civil authority in Parlitmonls or otherwise. Our danger is from God, to whom we are alone responsible for Its true proclamation for the enlightenment and salvation of men. In the same way we regard all Christians living in the Spirit as the Royal priesthood and holy nation, without regard to their position as ministers or hearers, none holding a special relation to the Church as priests coming between man and God, but all having true access to the mercy seat, and having the Bantu offering to present for themselves and their prayers for all men through the mediation of Jesus Christ, the only High Priest of our Christian profession. We are becoming more and more impressed with the consideration of the scientific influence on religion, and that the Christianity of the future will more entirely rest upon the fuels the Christ fuels the life, work, and touching of Jesus Himself, The Church will all at the feet of < Christ, hear undeceive hiswords.and not upon them. Time, experience, criticism, adverse and friendly, seem to be urging on processes by which the logies will be freed from the merely theoretic and doubtful' dogmas of ages, the decrees of councils, and the theories of various schools, and will be resolved into the elements of plain scriptural truths, and men will receive the mind of the revealing Spirit. By the same menus the outworks of Christianity which have become so defaced with the dust, moss, and ivy of rites and ceremonies which have accumulated with the ages are being cleared, the accretions arc sealing off, and the royal walls of Zion are beginning to show their original beauty, and in time her bulwarks may be considered and her palaces appear in their own glory. The spiritual temple cloud, of which all believers are living stones, will remain to adorn the City of God, and all shall unite when the top stone is laid in action ting Grace, grace, mile it. It has been remarked that it is our duty to keep an open mind to the discoveries of theologians and scholars, but this does not mean that we should consent to regard all the articles of the Christian faith is open questions. On the great subjects our minds are made up The flints we know and under God we have to transmit the knowledge of them to coming generations. We are willing if necessary to revise definitions, but can accept no definition which obscures the Divine glory of the Lord JOSEPH Christ, Son of God, Son of Man, Creator, Brother, Lord, Redeemer of the human race. We are prepared to discuss theories of the Atonement, but can accept no theory which would dislodge our hearts from their more considerate In whom we have redemption through his blood, over the remission of sins according to the riches of God's grace. 'Theories' of justification may be constructed, but we, can receive nothing which does not rest on to feel, that we are in Christ, and that his relations to the Father determine our own. We are not irrevocably coiuinlttodjto any theory of what theologians have called the depravity or corruption of human nature, but anything which does not explicitly and fully acknowledge the awful reality of sin, and maintain that only in the power of the super- natural life one man escape from spiritual man, if for no an impossible theory, us know that the facts are against it. We contend that the mystery of eternal life of God Irmiscontls nur science, that the terms of the cross must be inexact, they point towards august truth, but do not reach them, and yet with reverence and awe who worship Father, Son, and Holy Spirit one God, blessed for evermore, and in the knowledge of God we have eternal life. We are ready to revise and correct when ailcqttiito , cause is shown, the traditional belief of the Church concerning the date at which the books of the Old Testament and the New ToHlumant were written, concerning the kind of relation between the books and the authors to whom they are attributed. We are ready to revise the theories of inspire ' lion s but in those books we ourselves have found the record of the supreme revelation I lo mankind, of the righteousness, and mercy, the grace, and the will of God. What we OUI'BOIVOH have found in them has been found by millions of men of murty races many leagues, and many forms of civilisation by simple and unlearned men, by men of noble genius, by humble penitents, by glorious saints, and whatever conclusions and theories, assumes that this discovery an Illusion wo vehemently reject. The substance of the faith delivered once for all to the saints of the first page has been verified in the experience of the saints in every succeeding generation, and has in those first (lays her vol Hied ill our own. , 1 Whilst we firmly adhere to those forbids, j lions it has been remarked we may expect j progrcBH III theological conception Scholar- ship will throw new light upon authorities ; spiritual growth will throw new light upon mannings ; dim religious Mo will be emancipated flout him tyrannic) of ecclesiastical organisations and ritual; the religious cou scioiisuciui will announce higher pt negatives ; more and more the bond of the Church will be simple, common, spiritual life in Christ diversity of operations but the same spirit. Woimy hope under scriptural teaching; that the spirit and tone of' society will assimilate to the Spirit of Christ, religiously, politically, commercially, pleasurably, and that the distinction will come between to lighted and Bticulnr-the whole man, the whole life, being consecrated to God ; the mind of Christ being manifested in the character; him, and tone of His professing people. Whilst the doctrines of grace are tenaciously held by a living faith, the moral life will dedicate the, new man in. Christ COSTS, in all its relations in, the family, the Church, and the world. The importance and necessity of our principles and work at the present time are marie ? apparent by the development of sacerdotalism and Haciainoiilul grand, with their accompanying . claims of special spiritual itillu.'ituo und monopoly of divine blessings. We urge that'thei'wuy of life is open to all who come to Christ by faith, and that the blessings of grace input the necessities of all, who are seeking the mercy of God in Christ Jesus. Congregationalism proclaims' a. full, free. and more exact gospel of Christ, without admixture of old or new philosophies than ever. The attacks, criticisms, and glasses have brought out the simple, genuine mean- dog of no solution more clearly in the answers J to all kinds of misrepresentations and doubts. No school or college, canon law or Synod dominates Independent Churches. in some large churches nno minialt r is not sufficient to carry out the Congregational idea, various ministers to much varied duties and necessities of the people must eventually be appointed, We are not given to prophecy, that we may observe the natural . development of things. As in nations we see the people rise to liberty as they are educated aright and feel their power ¡ us in nature water seeks > its level, and light paints the flowers, so we may expect that as Christian people are educated in Gospel truth, and are brought under the power of the Spirit, they will rise to their true position of freedom from hierarchical and priestly dictation and every Church will hold its connection with the loving Hoad, and show its vital energy in 'Uvas 'consul crated to God alone. freedom in thought and feeling will be more than denominational distinction, and the people with their ministers will form" the free Church of Christ, ' Congregationalists ought to 'pre Herve the traditions of their fathers, and transmit them to future generations-the simple t ii His the independent spirit, the sturdy Christian character that can live in health, amidst all the pressing business and fascinating pleasures of the world. As Congregationalists, we recognise the grounds of Christian unity- love to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ notwithstand- ing differences of Church order. They feel that Christian confidence may be had in all renewed by the Holy Spit it, HU as to funds and uphold followship-brothurhood in carrying on Uto, work of the universal Church. Such confidence has bound together rout Christians amidst all the deceit and evils of the world. Truth and Christian confidence have lived when persecuted by infidel, fanatic and worldly man, and still real vital Christian power sustains confidence in real Christians mill unites them, where much creeds and human systems fail. They have found more true in the ordinary walks of life as well as in difficult and trying circum stances. The life of God has been main feature in the people, we may trust re decided Immunity. * " It is encouraging to notice that the Free Chu relics of Wales have formed themselves into a Nonconformist Union. The Baptists and Independents in Bradford have it to i to be for social ameliorative effort in Leicester- shire and Rutland the Churches have coffin to' aoinolhingofanorgiiiiise I unity. InNowuastlo on Insull Churches huvojoinodinuSlundiug Coiiiinitloo to promote social reform. In Liverpool an equally cotiiprihunslvó Association of Religious Agencies has been formed for the same purpose. Representatives of All Churches in No tv York combined to press forward a policy of municipal reform, they have made a beginning the result of which ought only to be good. There is a singular unanimity among the Churches as to the pressing need of social re-adjustment. The sunny desire for unity of action is shown by the ministerial associations of Tasmania. It is remarked that the most striking indication which the year 1890 has afforded of the federative tendencies of Congregationalism is to be found in the progress of the arrangements for the Intercolonial Cetinich next July. The inauguration of our people has been vividly impressed with the prospect of the Congregational fathers gathering from all quarters of the globe to their first OCoontonical Council. We are convinced that our divine Law is universal King-having all power in heaven and earth living and carrying on His great designs of saving mon, employing His own truth to only for the world, and diroutingllis servants in carrying out His glorious mission, we acknowledge the authority of our Lord's command to go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature," is laying an obligation upon all our Churches to keep constantly before them the spread of the Gospel in all lands by every means in their power' Times and circumstances change-' hands and opportunities vary, and it often requires much thought to know the best way to carry out the standing precept, yet it must be obeyed. At the same time our great support and encouragement in the Saviour's declaration "Lo, lain with you always, even unto the end of time." Without that divinoproionco ulluurofforlawould buln yarn, but under his guidance we may see the pillar of cloud by day and of ore by night, and go forward. Yet we need the Holy Spirit's guidance as to time and place to work. Paul wanted to go to Bythinnia to promote, but the Spirit suffered him not, he would have gone once and again to the TlicsBiiloiiiiuiB, hut Satan hindered him. We are subjected to the « use spiritual powers in carrying on evangelistic work amongst men. So that we may not always expect to carry out our own views, but must submit all to spiritual guidance by constant prayer at the throne of grace. At the same time all means must be used to convey the truth to individual minds. Paul preached privately to them which were of reputation, and was made all things to all men that he mightily all means save some., We are part of the mystical body of Christ, realising the living and life giving Spirit, which through the ages has been revealing Christian many laws, enlightening and following mon by His grace We are not particular as to mines, so that the foot of the new oroaturoiB realised under the forms that men may assure, and Christ is' usual tested in the living man. Time and nation may make no difference, there is light, holiness, and love, the fruits of Christian missions Our Churches hut of produced many men in MtnoUH departments of life, who have displayed independent thought, freedom of action, and perseverance in a light COHIBO in defiance of the prevailing opinions and practices of their names, from which has followed many iinpioioitionts in Church and h'uito-Blattsmon philanthropists, and men of other ing the good of all classes Various deputations from England have from time to time visited these colonies, and gone in and out amongst out Chut else, and when they have returned home they had, of been questionings as to the theology and Christian Ufo Uley obscured meetings the people their testimony had been given in a careful manner, and their conclusions have been that although they wife come soul with the controversies of the Old Country the dim cries hold 11 so It ml semi limit evangelical tin ology, and Unit then CluiHtiiiu life would bear good comparison with that of their sister bin lies 111 the old land I believe that "heat witnesses no title, and Unit very little dried games will be found through the colonies from that which is esteemed the Hunptiiruloi thodox faith, the faith of the Apostles, the faith of the Pul Riana expressed in modern for his | We cannot refer to these deputations without being reminded that in the last was Dr. Hannay, who mines has been called to his rest. We recognised in him a man of I j vast oxporLnue, organising pow> r, and deep sympathy with our chief ches, in all their varied experiences. Then, nearly at the same time, our American chief cites were I called to mourn the loss J of Dr Dexter, tho I eminent theologian and historian of indi pen- dency in the States. Though far away we I feel and express our deep Christian sympathy with the churches, and friends nearly I allied to the departed. ' Our Congregationalism is prepared for all discussions, all changes amongst men It has nothing to lose by Increase of light and knowledge, nothing to fear from the demolition of suppistitinns-expjstiro of errors, or down fill of hierarchical. It aims at bringing all government under Gospel precepts rulers and subjects having regard for their mutual well-being-laws being made and enforced to promote the real interests of the go- i veined, and the governed showing due regard to authority by peaceful obedience; property and labour being mutually or mongrel with a just regard to each other's claims, ft seeks to promote commercial , morality, But it leila upon all merchants and I dealers by enforcing those precepts which commands men to do to others as they would have done to themselves. 11 also embraces I the family circle, in all the relations of parents and children, directing parental authority and filial obedience by the laws of love and regard to the will of the Father in Heaven. ' it is with pleasure we learn that our principles are being acted upon in various churches, the people managing their own Affairs and throwing off ex tor nal control, and that the Independency which of old saved the liberties of England is working to produce a free church in the face slate, with Christ the only King and Head, to whom he glory for ever. Amen. At the conclusion of the address, The SECRETARY intimated that the Union would meet at 10 o'clock this morning, for the transaction of business, and at 7.80 the Rev. T. Taylor, B.A., Peppermint Buy, will preach the annual sermon at the Union Chapel. After concluding devotional exercises the Union adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning. 