«ni Jset to rnurt ot fha AnMM which afflict <ho human race, und will fr> quently " oitch" a fever from ito Bink mil« tieb- tr Utile pity maie. When a eat eeekiia dark corner, neglects her toilet, and hes a hot rofe, Bho is Bick aod, a trilling remedy now will prevent soma more serióos disorder. A city cat should have raw meat once a day, in the morning. Ac. night give her a hearty meal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in the place of milk. Always re member a cat will eat most anything, if it be warm and well moistened. Have milk or water where she ean get it, and in a olean dish, for Hrs. Fuss is dainty, anet will Bcom to drink dust-covered milk or water aa quickly as yon would. A country cat, who haa plenty of ont-doora, should have meat twiao a day, a piece as big aa an egg eaoh time, and sut into mouthfuls. Sidney or liver is their favorite, but too mach of the latter or of oysters may cause diarrhoea. They must have grass and plenty of it ; it ia as necessary to them as salt is to us. lt would pay in the oity to raiae grass and oat nip in a box for these peta. Should a oat be attaoked with fita or con vulsions, throw over her a shawl cr rug to prevent damage'to herself or furniture; a whiff of chloroform, ether, ammonia, or, lack ing these, an onion freshly out, will often give relief. Should ahe continue to cry pite ously,' with eyes wide cpen and glaring, pro- j tect tho bauds with gloves, grasp her firmly I in the shawl and with a sharp pair of soiaadra snip the end ot the ears;.a few drops of blood will ba sufficient; let her stay in a cool, dark place, and for several days feed sparingly with warm bread and milk. Ouo of tho most valuable remedies for oats and small dogs is Bwcet oil. One half table spoonful in their milk ia Beldora refused. In casca were poiaoning ia suspected it ia the best and certainly tho easiest remedy. For inflamed oyes apply a wash of warm milk cr weak borax and water. A oat will oatoh oold.suotKí!, and have all the symptoms .of influenza ; grease the upper part of her noce and administer one-half teaspoon ot aastoria or balsam ; if abe baa a aoro throat wrap it with a ii an eel wet with Arabian Balsam and keep her away from tho children. Oats with kitlens should not ba roughly handled or frightened, or sh o will miscarry or 6ii£f;r duiing confinement. Bo not kill all ber babies; leave her at least ono until stich time as it can eat other food than ita mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother cutter from swelled breasts, rub thom with camphorated oil or 07en warm lard, and pivo aconite and belladonna alter nately. Some people and doctors are aihatncd to prescribo for cats, but there can ' bo no loss pt dignity in sucha humano aot, FusBy will bo a silent ghost gliding through tho house, or abo will be an intelligent, af fectionate friend Coot a slave Uko a dog), ac cording as she is negleoted or loved and cared for. I cannot close without a protest «Rainât tho cruelty of leaving a cat to "get.ita own living ". while the house is closed during the summer months. Oive her shelter, and pay the butcher and milkman to teed her, if there ia no friend or home where she can be aarried. 