TOWN TALK. TJio following' news matter appeal's 011 the fourth page :—Commercial, Consignees of Goods by Ttail, Accounts at the Treasury, Tlio Shearers' Union, Special Cablegrams, The Site for the Federal Capital, A Japanese Garden Party, Correspondence (Gippsland Brown Coal). Kcutcr announces that a portiouj of tlie Chilian army has now joined the insurgents, and British, French and American men-of war are proceeding to Chili to protect the subjects of those countries. Iu a speech de livered at Cambridge on Wednesday the Maripiis of Salisbury alluded to tlio tremen dous power of the priesthood in Irelaud, us shown by recent events. The Scottish rail way strike is reported to have come to an end. A meeting of the Gcclong grocers and produce merchants was held last evening at the rooms of Messrs Duckworth and Fox, with the object of making arrangements for the holding of the annual trade picnic. Mr TV. B. Anderson occupied the eliair. On tlio motion of Mr Syer, seconded by Mr B. M'Kay, it was decided to hold the picnic at Ballarat this year, on or about ihc 24tli February. It was also agreed on the motion of Mr Farrar that a deputation con sisting of Messrs TV". B. Anderson, Coles and Potter, should interview the ironmongers of tlio town and invite them to join in the demonstration, Mr Coles was elected vice president of the association, and Mr G. Farrar was appointed treasurer. A strong coramittoo, numerically speaking, was ap pointed to make nil tlio necessary arrange ments for the picnic, the members being: Messrs Smith, Syer, Potter, Boyd, Ball, M'Kay, Brinsmead, Bimclow, G. Hooper, Guy, Buchan, M'Kenzie, Brady, Farrar, Cowley, Presland, and Huteliins. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to tho chairman. yesterday morning1 a resident of Lara found a whisky bottle, with Usher's brand thereon, with a note attached to it, lying on the bank of the Duck Ponds Creek, a short distance east of the bridge. Scrawled upon the note was the intimation to the public generally, that the body of the writer, who signed himself " Tom O'Bryan," would be found at the bottom of the creek. The bottle was partly filled with an oily-looking liquid, and, with the note, was handed over to Constable Mulcahy, of Little Itivcr. It was thought that the bottle might liavo somo connection with a tragedy, but on being examined it was found to contain nothing more harmful than castor oil, though appa rently not of the best. "Whether "Tom O'Bryan" took any of the lubricant before settling down in the Duck Ponds Creek, was not known, but Constable Mulcahy after examining the creek arrived-at the conclusion that someone in want of amusement was trying to effect a hoax. A boy named Fred Brequet, aged 5 years, was lost ii\ jMoorabool-strcet yesterday, and his parents have reported the matter to the police. The boy, who was attired in a dark knickerboeker suit, strayed from his father and mother in the afternoon, and although ovory inquiry was made for the child no information as to his whereabouts had beon obtained up to eleven o'clock last night. Mr J. S. Bayloy, fislimongor, ftyrio - street, intimates in our advertising columns that lie will gladly receive information regarding the lostono. An order for ejectment against a m named Alfred Smith, the occupier of a tene ment in Swanston-etreet, owned by Mrs M'Fnrland, was appliod for at tho Police Court yesterday morning by Mr C. 'J. Mead, the agent'for tho owner." The applicant informed the bench that the defendant had tukcxi the house at a weekly rental of per week, payable) in advance, but latterly liad failed to fulfil his engagement, and com plaints had also been mado of the manner in which he and his wife conducted themselves. A notice, drawn up in a legal form, liad heen .served upon Smith, ordering him to quit, but lie had failed to comply with it. The bench made an order as required. The Mayor (Aid. Strong) and Messrs Belclier, Carr, "Waliis, and Spalding, Js.P., presided. There was a very large attendance of play goers at tho Exhibition Theatre last evening to welcomo the return of Mr Harry Iticlcnrds, ■who has in years past made himself populat es a comic vocalist and character i personator. The reception was most en thusiastic, and Mr Richards proved quite as entertaining as formerly, his drink song comedy the " Rial: Notes," being rapturously encored; The dramatic seena, " The Bridge," was never better given by him, all his woll-known abilities as an actor-vocalist being displayed witli splendid effect, and it was a special compliment to Mr Richards to find it heartily appreciated by all sections of the audience. Complying with an encore for the piece, the vocalist gave a character song, a new one, entitled "Never More," which provoked much merriment. In ' - rink Notes" lie performed a lot of work with success, and he was ably assisted by Miss Katie Richards, who very adroitly filled the dual character of Cheek, a maid servant, and Florrie, tho author of the trouhlo caused by her sending pink notes to a married man. Tho parlor olio proved entertaining, some extraordinary contortion acts being performed by E. S. Victor, who is well worth seeing, whilst Sir John Gilmoro kept the audience convulsed with laughter with his songs and jokes as the sable come dian. Mr Ered. Davys in his Irish song and dance well merited tho encore received, and later in tho evening he was even more suc cessful with Miss Ccorgio Devoe in tho double character impcrsonntion and the lightning change to the double top-hoot dance. The banjo dnnco by Miss Devoe, the song and dance by Miss Tilly Bake, tlio serio comic songs by Miss Emmie Morrison, and "The Telephone " sketch all helped to make up a pleasing bill. Tho company will give their second and concluding entertainment this evening, when an entire change of progn mine is to bo submitted. At about half-past 11 o'clock last niglit a man. named Malcolm Fleming, was arrested in Moorabool-street by Constable Mahcr on a charge of being a roguo and vagabond. At 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning last Fleming was scon iu a fowl liouso at the rear of the premises of Mr Gardiner, a resident of Maud street, but ho managed to get away before lie coidd bo interviewed as to his designs upon the hen roost. A warrant was afterwards issued for his arrest, and meeting Constable Maker in the street he gave himself up. The accused was only recently discharged from prison, after serving a .sentence for arson. Before the cricketing season terminates it is intended by the Mayor of Gocloug (Aid. Strong), to arrange for a cricket match to he played on tho Crooking Club's cricket oval between teams chosen frcm the Gcelong Town Council and the councils of the shires of AVinchclsea and Colac. Origi nally it was understood that the muuicipal cricket gathering would be confined to a return match between the town councillors and the councillors of the shite of AVinclicIsea. The inclusion of the members of the Colac shire council will no doubt create • great interest and tho gatlieriug should prove an attractive event. There is some talk among members of tho Newtown and Chihvell borough coun cil of arranging for a game of cricket with one or other of tho neighboring municipal bodies, but nothingdofinite hasbccn arrived at in that direction. The programme of racing events to 1c competed for at tho animal gathering of the Leigh Road Racing Club, to bo held on Wednesday, 11th March, and which was advertised in yesterday's issue of this paper lias been well spoken of by sporting men There are 111 all eiglit events, comprising the following:—Trial Stakes, of 10 sovs,, ono mile : Maiden Trot, of 10 so vs., two miles : Leigh Road Handicap, Id sovs. about one mile ; Handicap Pony Race, o sovs., half a mile; Distance Handicap Trol, 15 sovs, about two miles and a half: Ladies' Bracelet, 12 sovs., one mile ; Selling Hnck Race, 5 sovs., five furlongs; and Handicap Plying Stakes, 10 sovs, five furlongs. The entries for all the events will close 011 Tuesday, 3rd March. 3 »At tho Gcelong A Vest Police Court yester day, the only case brought on for hearing was that in which 3>Er D. ICelly, the proper officer for tho borough, proceeded against John XiUscombc,thc owner of two cows found at laryc in Autumn-street The offence was proved, and a line of Js was imposed in each instance, and 2s Gd costs. The Mayor (Mr E. J. Jones) and Messrs J. Spalding and P. Ilodgos, Js.r., were 011 the bench. It lias been reported that about the end of November last, a bay horse -1 yrs. old, valued at £ IS was stolen from Sir Michael Kelly, contractor of East Gcelong. A disease which has broken out among the horses in Sydney turns out to bo very serious. Over 200 horses have been attacked witli the malady, known as pink eye, and IS lxavc died. The disease is evidently contagious, and tho horses attacked suffer tho most acute agony, falling down and heating their heads against the ground until they succumbed. The Government veterinary surgeon, Mr Stanley, is taking stops to prevent the spread of the attack, as it is feared, if it is not specdily oxterminated, it may lead to a plague among tho horses, and all tho cattlo of tho city. It is reported that tho disease lias visited the country, and that 200 pigs succumbed to its ravages at Camden. It is supposed (says the Sttotihircl correspondent) that pink eye origi nates with unclean drinking troughs, and orders have been given to have them all ex amined, cleaned, and disinfected. In a confession regarding tho Teak Hill mui-der, Hansen who was arrested for the criinc, states that Dank, the murdered man, and he quarrelled about spilling a hilly of tea. From words tlicy got to blows, and then Dank drew a revolver and fired three shots at liim. In self defence Hansen then used the tomahawk and killed Dank, lie gives as his reason for confessing tlmt lie was haunted by tho thoughts of the crime. Among the letters which Sir Henry Parkes received by last mail was ono from Lord Carrington. Referring to political topics Lord Carrington remarked that previously to the Parnell-O'Sliea divorce revelations circumstances painted to an un doubter! victory for Mr Ghulstouo when the next appeal to the country was made. In spite, however, of the eli'ect which the case has had, Mr Gladstone, he says, was never more popular than ho is just now. The Unionists, lie adds, with the exception of the leaders of the part}*, seemed, to ho losing heart. lie had a long interview with Lord Ivnntsford, who exhibited a lively interest in Hew South Wales and Australian affairs generally. After mentioning a compli mentary message sont to the Premier by the Prince of Wales, Lord Carrington con-' eludes:—" Foe, frost and snow! Oh for the bine sky of Sydney." The books of tlio Customs department show that for the year ending "1st December, 1890, the number of peoplo arriving in tlio colony by sea was 70,751, wbilo tho depar tures totalled 63.S20 persons. The figures in regard to Chineso immigration should bo comforting to tho labor party, who have so strenuously advocated their restriction. Tho total arriving in tho colony last year was 279, while those who wont out numbered 5S7. The majority of these went to oilier colonics. It has been decided that a postal conference between tlic colonies shall be hold at Sydney, in conjunction with tlio Intercolonial Conven tion, in March next. One of the subjects to be considered by this conference is that of the colonies sending a representative to tlio quinquennial meeting of tlio Universal Postal Union at Vienna, as invited by Lord Knutsford, tlio secretary of the union. The advantage of sueli a stop would bo tlio cheapening of the cost of carriage of mails, etc., to tho Victorian Government in Europe, It is thought Hint a representative from Canada will be at tlio conference, and if so the questions of a Pacific cable and steam communication between Australia and Van couver will bo touched upon. The physiognomist, Professor Golledge, has removed to tho Albert Coffee Palace, where he may bo consulted ti!2 Tuesday morning, when his visit will terminate. He has given some remarkably correct delineations during his stay in the town. Mr Belcher desires to acknowledge the fol lowing amounts received :—In response to appeal for " Old Colonist in reduced circum stances" : Mr \V\ Fagg, CI; Alexander Boyd, £1 Is; "South Gcelong," £1; W. Simpson, 10s; James Scott. 10s. First remittance, £13 !5s, forwarded to-dav, January 2'2nd. For " Yarra-street ^Mission School" picnic to B:il larat: Gcelong Fishermen's Union, £3 ; secre tary Y.M.C.A., 10s; Mr J. C. Taylor, 7s 6d ; Mr W. S. Moore, 6s, with niauy thanks. Messrs Gnrr and Co, direct special attention to their sale of drapery, clothing, etc, for Messrs A. A. "Williams anil Co., on the premises, Market- square, commencing at 10 o'clock. The whole of the stock has to be cleared without reserve, and comprises a tirst-class lot of drapery, etc. The annual meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association will take place tliis even ing, at S o'clock. Attention is directed to the auction sales this day by Mr \V\ P. Cnrr on the premises of each property as follows:—At 12 o'clock, Mr Clancby's allots. Kcrlcy-strcct, near Catholic Church : and at half-past, cottage for removal, at corner of Pakiiigton and Anderson-streets. Hohcmhi for this week is as usual full of spicily written and entertaining literature. Scholastic duties at the Holy Ghost College, Ballarat, will be resumed oil the 10th Feb ruary. Special coach excursions to Barwou Heads to-morrow night and Monday morning have been arranged for by Cobb and Co., of Gcelong. On Tuesday morning coaches will return from Barwon Heads iu timo for the curly trains leav ing Geclong for Melbourne, Bullarat, etc. Commencing on Thursday, 6th February, Messrs Jns. Stout and Co. will hold sales of daiiy produce, grain, fruit, poultry, etc., at their new cool storage auction rooms, iu Gher inghap-strcet. 