COSTLY INDIAN WARS. (From the Globe-Democrat.) I .Since the 4th July, 177tf, the IndiauB have coat the United states 'ft thoudaqd million dollars. When the old Fequot chjef mot the Pilgrim Fathers near Plymouth Rook, and said, "Welcome, Englishmen," he Bpoke for 1,000,000 Indians, That waB the estimated number of the red race then living within what are now the bounds of the United States. And so it appears that to date the act of dispos sessing the aborigines has cost l,000dol, for every buck, squaw, and papoose l|vjng on the soil when the white man came, These are round figure?, 'but they are very close to the exact record, Three year? ago Mr, Tom Donaldson, who is now in charge of the Judiau census, made a cpyeful compilati >n, He ahowoc| that from 4th July, 1770, to 30th June, !18S(.i, the Indians had coat the Govern ment lt20,230,281'02dol, It is safe to say that the four years added to the record since Mr, Donaldson's researches will bring the figures up close to one thousand millions, This enormous amount is aboijt one-third of what the war of the rebellion coat, One-third of the one thou sand millions has been apent in pacifying and oiviliaing Indians. Two-thirds of the one thousand millions have been absorbed in light intf Indians. Senator Doolittle, of \yiscon8in, oupe venti lated this Indian way business, 11a was in the Senate when it wag proposed to negotiato ft peace with the Navnjoes. Several other senators demurred to the coat of the proposed treaty, Mr. Doolittle told them something about the coat of Indian wara. At the name lime he Rave some interesting facts about the origin of these Indian wara. What ia known aa the great i^inujf ww started in 1852. At that time tnoro was perfect peace on the plains, Some Mortnona woro driving their cattle towards Salt Luke, Near Fort Laramie was a gathering of Indiana. The military post was there, and the Indians woro camped near it. One of. the Sioux killed ft cow j belonging to a Mormon. The emigrant com plained. The officer in command ^t the pout Bent out a subordinate svith twenty men, This little force went to the indiun camp, and de manded the surrender of the Sioux who had killed the cow, The alternative WAR that the oamp would be fired upon, The Indians re plied to the demand j '. We are willing to pay for Jliis animal: wo will pay you in buffalo l'oboa ok buffalo ekins," The army officer deoliued, He repoated his demand for the immediate suryender. The In diana r< fused. The oflicey gave the order to' {Ire. The men, 20, obeyed. In 20min, tho B'oWjeM were killeq and gulped, That wp the caufio of the Sioux war of 1852. The war lasted three or four years. It coat the United States lintweeulD,00b,000dol. and 20,000,OOOdol, The Navojoe war was another which Mr, Doolittle told about. For many years after this Government acquired the territory in which theNavajoes lived there was no trouble, One day a Navajoe Indian waa visiting the fort where the troops were, He got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to one of the officers. The supposition was that the [ negro insulted the Indian, The latter drew hia bow and put an arrow into the negro/j killing him. Then he fled to hia tribe. The officer sent a demand for the surrender of the Indian, The tribe refused to give him up. Without any delay the troops were marched out, and war was begun. Three campaigns were made against the Navajoes on this provo cation, The United States troops were oeaten m each of them. The Navajoe war coat the Government nearly 20,000,OOOdol. The biggest of all recent Indian wars was the one about which least was published. It began in 1862, It had its origin in a com paratively insignificant manner, A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies sent, to the Sioux agencies what was supposed to be prime mesa pork. The consignment waa found to consist largoly of heads of hogs, The Indians went back on such rations, and took the warpath in stead of the souse,t Generals Sibley and Sully couduoted the campaign, They had 15,000 troops under them. In thia Sioux war the " Galvanised Yankees," aa thoy were called, made their appearance. There wore several regiments of these " Gal vanised Yankees," and they did good service againat the Sioux, It may be explained that "Galvanised Yankees" were Confederate prisoners who took the oath of allegiauce and enlisted in these repiments to fight Indians in preference to remaining in Northern prisous. Not being hampered by the humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibley adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. Aa he made prisoners he selected the worst and hung thein, As nnny as thirty rbraves were made " good Indiana " by the rope in one day. There in a record of engagements with hos tile Indians within the military division of the Missouri from 18G8 to 1882. In the recapitula tion of this record it is stated that " more than 1,000 officers and soldiers were killed and wounded " in the Indian fighting of that period, Four hundred battles and skirmishes were fought with Indians in the fourteen years, In answer to a resolution of inquiry from the Senate, 188C, the Secretary of War stated the total coat of the troops in the Indian county from 1807 to 1886 had been 223,89l,2(J4;50 dol. Tn 18G8 and I860 there was a lively Indian war in what is now the Indian Territory and Okla homa, Between 1802 and 1868 there had been murdered by Indians 800 settlers in the south west, On the 2nd of March, 1868, this war to punish the Oheyennes, Arapahoea, and Com manohea began, It ended on the 0th of Feb ruary following, Three hundred and fifty three officers, soldiers, and citizens were killed, wounded, or captured in the 11 months' cam paign, The Indian Iobs was 819 killed, 289 wounded, and 58 captured, The aotual field operations during the eleven montliH coat l,05fll61fi,67dol. The Medoo war in the lava beds coat the army 111 soldiers killed or wounded. The chief incident of this campaign was the assassination of General Canby, Seventeen oitizens were killed and wounded, The record which was sent to the Senate by the War Department says ; "No Indians reported killed." So far aB losses were concerned, the Indians usually had the best of it. The Sioux war of 1870 cost, for the aotual field expenses, 2,312,531dol. But the campaign was chiefly noLable for the Custer massacre, The army loss was 283 killed and 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's polioy towards the Sioux been continued, Sit ting Bull and other Sioux leaders would have ornamented gallows-trees and there would be no ghost dancing to-day, The Ouster massacrs was never atoued for, The guua which the Indians took froin the soldiers are still in their possession. The Nez Perces war of 1877 lasted three months, and cost D31,329.52dol, The Nhz Percea lived in a valley in eastern Oregon, They occupied lnud which, from its extraordinary fertility and adaptability for irrigation, ia now worth from oOdol, to 76dol, an acre. That ought to be sufficient explanation of the way hostilities oaine about, Two bad white men killed a good Indian, Two bad Indians killed a good white man, Troops were sent to the Nez Percea' camp and were whipped with a loss of a lieutenant and 33 soldiers. Then fol lowed the Nez Perces war, General Howard followed the Nez Perces over 1,400 miles, and then failed to be in at " the death." Miles, who is now attending to the Sioux, fell on Chief Joseph and his band in the vicinity of the National Park, He killed aix chiefs aud a lot of warriors, and captured all the others. The wind-up waB on the 30th of* September, Howard came up with his advance guard just after the viotory was won, In that campaign 241 officers and goldiera were killed and wounded. Twelve citizens were killed, The Indian losa waa 158, The Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only coat BSO.OHO'lOdol, When it was ended the record showed a losa of 24 to the army, 80 citizens murdered, and 74 Indiana killed, The Northern Cheyenne outbreak in 1879 entailed a loan on the army of 32 kiljed ^nd wounded, Jfo Indians warp i^orled killed. Since 1882 the only.Indian %htinp has been with the littlo squads of Apaches in Arizona and New Mexico, Ji'or every Apache run down and killed or captured tho QoyprnmeRt ja said to have spent 100,00QdoJ, 