Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRO." For many years and under many aliases the present writer has wished his readers a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. I wonder if it has ever done any good. If it be true that the prayer of a righteous man availeth much, then good it must have done. But I take no credit tor it, and to-day I wish the same wish over again with as muoh cordiality as ever. Nor would I oircamscribe the wish by any sort of journalistic limitations. This is the time of year when one expands and extends oneself. There are fourteen hundred millions of people in the world, and at the mention of such a large number one's humanitarian affections ore apt to wilt at the very largeness of the coll upon them. Bat in this case classification conies to the rescue, just as division of labour does in so many other eases where one is apt to despair of practical result. Thoße fourteen hundred millions of people are alter all divisible into two classes, each of whioh the mind can lay hold of as a sort of abstract unit. They are all either readers of the Queenslander or non-readers of the Queenslander. By means of- this simple classification the whole world becomes seizable by the mind that desires to spread its good wishes over the whole brotherhood and sister hood of mankind—or, as others would prefer it, the whole sisterhood and brotherhood of womankind. I don't care which myself. But this I know, that to all readers of the Queens lander I wish a Merry Christmas, and to all non- readers of the Queenslander a Happy New Year, and to eaoh class both, and to both classes eaoh. And if any one feels omitted from the scope of this blessing, he or she need only write and say so, enclosing stamps for the quantity required. Christmas time though it is, there breathes through all my " peace on earth and goodwill toward men" a steady animosity toward the advertisers of quack medicines. As regards the articles themselves, be they drugs, liniments, or ointmenta, I have nothing whatever to say of a hostile nature. As with ourselves, bo with these ; some are good, some are bad, some are indifferent. But with the advertising agents it is not so. They are all bad. After reading lately certain " advertisements that lurk in ambush" I have felt that the force of treacherous entice ment could no further go. And I think I have been right. In attempting to go beyond these a certain quack-medicine proprietor and advertiser has simply given him self away. It had evidently ocourred to him that testimonials were played out, and the idea struok him to get, and to reproduce in his advertisements, the aotual portraits of those, male and female, who had been restored to life by his so-called remedies. This has been carried out, and there now lies before me a larpje sheet containing the portraits of 38 persons—22 women and 16 men—who are reported as cured of all sorts of diseases, each particular one specified under the portrait of the person cured, by means of Mr. Seigel Clement Warner's Safe Tonio Syrup Cure, on* in the midst of the sheet the great mixer him self in a bell-topper and waxed moustache. But he has made a mistake this time. Mr. Seigel Clement Warner; you have lost at least one customer by this portrait-advertisement. Bather than run the risk of being added to the thirty-eight I would die by inches of all the thirty-eight diseases enumerated, and never once call for a drink of no, I won't give you an advertisement In a very short time now the Australian read ing public will be favoured with the results of Stead's appeal to the world in general to fur nish the Review of Reviews with its expe rience in the matter of Spooks. Stead appears to hope that in the course of time it will be possible to have a regular periodical census of ghosts. I rather suspect, however, that this suggested arrangement is likely to fail owing to the absence of a provision which is attached to the ordinary census. The person upon whom it devolves to fill in the usual census form is compelled under penalty to furnish the required information, and this tends vastly to insure complete returns. But for obvious reasons no suoh provision could be made operative in regard to a census of supernatural apparitions. You can't compel a man under penalty to tabu late his experience of ghosts, and this is just the weak point of the matter. For there are many people who " see things" who delibe tately and determinedly keep silence about them. They imagine that if they mention what they have seen conclusions may be drawn not altogether to their advantage. For instance, I am told that four men, all very disconsolate, and all looking very ill, were recently seated in the reading-room of a certain club in this town, when there entered the room something in the shape of a dog, but in colour of a bright Prussian blue, barring its ears and tail, which were of a flaming red. Now, the remarkable thing is that not one of these four men said " Hullo!" or emitted any exolama tion of surprise, or made any remark whatever. They simply stared at the supernatural appara tion in silent horror, and watohed it vanish in the same speechless agony. It never even occurred to them to compare notes when it was gone. Eaoh considered it his own specially vouchsafed vision. What is more, they have never .mentioned it either to each other or to anybody else since. " How do I come to know about it, then ?" Well that is neither here nor there, so far as concerns the question under consideration. I only want to illustrate the fact that there is, a large olass of visions about which men prefer to maintain, and do maintain, an obstinate silence, and that, if for this reason alone, Stead's idea of a census of apparitions is quite impracticable. The substitution of machinery for human labour is always attended with woe to some body. Although we all know now that mechanical appliances multiply tenfold the op portunities of employment for the individual human organism, one cannot help, in reading the annals of anti-machine mutiny, sympathis ing with those whose sole faculty of support was being rendered nugatory by the remorseless competition of soulless and stomschless machines. I am afraid that that sympathy will now have to be extended to a class of labourers— not manual, although they deal largely in manuals—who have hitherto been supposed to live and work on a plane beyond the reach of mechanical contrivances. Up to this time the rebellious conspiring continental European— and he is a large class—has always had a last resource to fall back upon. If the worst oame to the worst he could always flee to England, and make a living by teaohing his native lan guage, or, if a Pole or other polyglot nationality, by teaching any European language whatever. Cultured English teachers could of course im part the grammar, the idioms, and even the literary spirit of such languages. But the pro nunciation—ah, that was where the foreign refugee had the pull. You could get an Eng lish teacher or a dictionary to tell you that the phrase should be pronounced as if it were spelt "Avvy-voo le fii-zee de queer dii boo-lang zhay?"—but blesa you, the nearest phonetio approach was known to be miles off the right thing. Therefore the refugee in the talking flesh had it all his own way. But that is all over. Foreign languages are hence forth to be taught by phonograph. This is how you do it. First catch your phono graph, then a set of the proper cylinders and the book adapted to the same. Suppose No. 11 phrase in the book is " Have you the baker's leather gun?" you fix cylinder No. 11, start the machine, and immediately it rattles off " Avez-vous le fusil de cuir dv boulanger?" in the purest Parisian. For why? Because it was a native that spoke the sentenoe into it first go off, and there it remains for all time, to be summoned up at will. Oh poor French refugees! Oh poor Poles! Oh poor Less-ess terre Square! This is a time of the year when it is not inappropriate to say a little about competitive essays written by children. It is perfeotly true, even according to the most recent theories of evolution, that the ohild is a part of the parent, whence it follows, "as the night the day," that the parent is to some extent the child. So that when a ohild writes a competitive essay, and submits it to the parent, and the parent lops off a bit here, and adds a bit there, it really seems as if it were all the competitor's doing, because the competitor and the parent are, in a Darwinian sort of way, one and the same; nor does there seem to be any harm in consulting together any standard literature upon the given subject. Nevertheless, I would never allow children to compete in essay-writing unlsss the essay were written under the eye of an inspeotor on a subject whioh had not been announced before hand. Parents and children, brothers and sisters, have an extraordinary way of deceiving themselves into the notion that what is the work of all is the work of one. You will observe lam putting it as nioely as I can. But try as I like, I couldn't put it as nioely as Mr. W. H. Groom did the other day at the breaking up of the North Toowoomba Girls' School. The principal competition was for an essay on Arbor Day, the three prizes being the gifts of Mr. Groom. Had you or I been the judge on this ocoasion, and found the essayß all so nearly alike as they happened to be, we should probably have blurted out our idea of the real state of the case. Not so Mr. Groom. He merely regretted that " the writers appeared to have drawn their inspiration from a common source." Aeupbuistof "the spacious times of great Elisabeth" couldn't have put it sweeterly. 