118 ANG EL*. BY HIEXKitY IIEhIMAN. A-thcr ot " Scarlet Fortune." " Earle .o.e," "ctrween .he Whills." " A ei esine Lgty," * Vor Old Virginia," etc. CH. PTER Y.--Tmut Sraornul orF' THE PAST. They hbl been sitting there fir fully a quarter of an hour, putting silently at their cigar, the old man starirg in front of him blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moviug uneasily on his chair, casting wistful gilances at his companion, and drumming a silent march with his finger-tips on the table. ...**'T4ell.mec.all,. about.4 owraolf,"., said; the pioneer on a sudden. " Let's have a fair, Equuar look at yowr devil, an' tca if hIe's nd black as yow' vo painted hiim.. Tell us all about how yew'r -growed up, an' wrhar yew're groa.iilp. an'how yew v. come to be -what yew are. 'I gtessithen I'll kiowb what I've got to do." The yonug man hesitated for a few moaments unldedodly. . " It is perhps better thet' yoeu hould know &Al;," hesail atlast with a heav-.drawn sigh. "1 Lave told you the worst.' The rest of my hist-:r hit no sirpriscs-of the disagreeable kind it an'y rate. " 1 can remeinber myself first of all," he coui. tinuled, " a grimy, smudge-faced, half.ragged urchin. running about Front street, St. Louis:? diving and dodging about the. teamboots on the levee; ail picking up pieces of wood, bits of iron, and all scl rublbih as are generally found in similar neighbouthoods, and carrying them t: my mother, who lived in at tumbledown sihanty not far from the railway station. The steward and cooks of' the 'steimers used to be very kind to' 'e,. and many a piee of pumpkin-pie, of meat, anid-of corn. cake I got from them. I remember well how, even at that time the boys of my own age used to shun me, and taunt me withl my father being a thief or with my father being in prison. At thattime I saw very little of lim. Even when he was not in gaol he was seldom at home, and when he was at home our little shanty was a very hell upon earth. IIe used to bent my mother unmercifully, nud wont so far as to bring other women into tile house. As I grew to years of better comprehenrsion, young as I was, I came to be heartilr ashamed of him. A BanDtit missionary had been talking to me on tle levee, and I had beeu going to tle eveanig school, and there 1 had learned that it was wrong-to stoal; and 1 knew that it was wrong to steal when one night my father took me with him and another man on an expeditiuu to break into a house. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to got over a high wall and open a door for them. "I had got heartily tired of being eeared at nnd gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teaching of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father had to run awav vowing vengence against ine. "After that 1 dared not go home, but .fr. Casey, the kind Baptist inmaionary, sheltered lue for few days and nights, :,#id at last he got rc a place us scullery hay on the steamboat Wisonasin, running between St. Lduis and DI)buque. All wont very well witlh 11e for a while. Front the post of acullery boy I rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that, of cabin boy. The purIer took a funcy to me, and lent me books to read, and wheni winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vickaburgh aild Tazoe city, and I passed another seas3n there.: " ly good fortune would have it that on that boat, I met the Ion. Levi Walker, member of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City Sar. He offered to make a journalist of me, and I was gladto consent. In 'his office I rose from one position' to another, 'and all would have bcen well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street, run aotoss my father. Ho was unfortunately too well known in the place. IIe had been tarred and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the chain-gang, he had been within an ace of being hangod there. He immediately claimed froe me the rights which his ties of allinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible truth to Mr. Walker. I tried.to. buy my wretched father's departure, hbrt the more money I gave him, the firmer, became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City were very good to me. They had had time to learn to know me and they pitied me. ' '- -' : "Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati oditora.fandJl left "Kansas City, and with it my dreadful father; I found immediate and remunerative work in Cincin. nati, and I stayed there several years.- From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to New York you met .me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that 1 have forgotten anything of im portence." "An' ain't yew seen yewr father since then: ain't yew heard. from him?" asked Kershaw. "I know of his existence onlythrough the newspapers," replied Underwood. "They periodially record his convictions. My mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati, under his brutal treatment, that I know also." ".Waal,"exelaimed Kershaw, "if yew ain't heerd from him nor yet seed him, maybe as yew'll never hear nor see no more of him." " That is not to be hoped for," sighed the young man. "I live in daily dread of run. ning across him in the street, of his calling at my rooms, of his coming hero. If the slightest chance is giren him of blackmailing me or you, he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid'of a vampire than of him." " I've had to deal witl that kind o' man afore to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, "an' they nury once got the best o' me yet." "Ah," replied the young man bitterly, "it is easy for you to say that. Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own father. One cannot mete out justice to the manl to whom one owes onie's life, and not be soiled by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. 0 God!" he cried in a sudden agony, " how can I be rid of it? Shall I ever be rid of it I have never felt it as I do at this moment." The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon 'him, a long glance full of pity. "Poor boy!" he muttered. "The sins of the fathers. Poor boy!" Underwood jumped up on a sadden. "You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw," he cried. "You really must not try to detain me. Don't think me a coward. I do notgo to Europe toarun awavrom himn. I go to escape from myself. I love your daughter, and I have no right to love her. God knows I have strugfled, and fouight, ani contendeld against myself. I have tried to be marble, end see the result. I amte but human, after all. Pity me, by having no pity on mce. There is no harml done yet. Let me go before it is too late " In.his heated excitement he walked up and down the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. He grasped the decanter that was standing on the table, and.pouring out two glasses of water, swal-. *lowed them greedily one after the.other, as if thereby he were able to.cool the fever of his emotion. "Sit down thar," said the millidnaire softly, pointing to an urmeiair, " and led me bide.this over. WVheni'they've bin cry'n' sign; vew'vo got to st.nd to yewr riles an' be ready. , Bt' "that ain't no reason for ruriuin' away an' leavin' all'"5.wr peltry-behind. Yew've got tie:t thar father o' yewrn, an' yew cayn'te got rid of him nowhow, cos:it ain't 'lowed to: smother him. - ew've got to take koar that:ie' don't harm yew, nor those that like yew, that's all. It's all well, an' flue, an' easy.for yew to run away an' go 'to Yewrup; but.what am. I to do with my Angel, who'll cry her eyes out when yew're gone, sand who'll piie and wither, an' die, perhaps, for she ain't over-strong-an' she's an obstinate critter when she sets her heart on a thing. No, mry boy, yew've got to bo a man, an' yew've got to bear yewr load like a man, an' not sit down under st, an' yesw've got to do it for the sake of the gell..that loves yew, an' she's worth it, I'con assure yew.'" " But- " exclaimed Underwood. "Thar aniii't no but," interrupted the dld pioneer. "On the straight road, the honaes roed, the broad road that lies afore yew, thar ain't no byeways a' tha an't no turnin's. Thar may be rocks an' boulders an' big stonces all along, but yew've got to sit on yewr hoss an' jest to ride .over 'em. It ain't no use a-aneakin' away as if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewc head straiht up, young man, cos yew've got tho right to holdu it up, n spite of yewr father, an' if so be as anylbody challonqec yew, yew say,' o an' ask Dan'l Korehaw for my character,' an' I guess Dan'l Kershaw'e nputy well known from- the Platto to the Canadin, an' from the IRockies to the Atlanitic; an'if they cOmno to me an' say anythin' agin yowthey'll soon find out the tr.2th." " I don't merit this, iMr. Korahaw," said Underwood, in a voice broken by his emotion. " I wish I could feel myself more personally deserving of it. Believe me, yoUr daughter's lore, your own frienaship, are priceless in my eyes.' It is just because I value them so rarely that I tremble to stay." " Come now," excliimed Daniel Kershaw, " that's better. I gues that's heap better. Yew lot me think thh business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr I'aople that yew ain't goin' to Yewrup, an' )ew oan start with me as my secretary as soon as yow like. An' muind yew, not a sylab of this to me Angel, not a word, on yowr honour, until I s-- what's got to be done." wis Angelica was sitting in the dining.room, Wrgtiiat for the result of her father's interview -with Hubert Underwood. A trifle more anxious pflhtape than on the iroeious dr.y, and a shade paler,-the tiny fingers twitched a little more neavously, aod wrung the gauzy cambric hand kerchief n rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her rocking.chair came very near over u.~iUhed by pcacl arramngement with the pub ,sa~.Wra., Lw; e1 Cs. balancing itself, no erratic were the young lady's I impulsive movements, and to forgetful was the of herown safety amidst her heart's tumultuous doubtling promptings. he jtimpd up with t a glad cry when ste heard the door open upstairs, anlt l.auiel Kershaw's heavy footsteps on the landing. " Where is Mr. Underwood '" she inquired eagerly, when she saw that he old man was " ie is gone:out by the front door, ymv Angel '"answered the pioneer, patting her head, "an' fie wants yew to excese him." "Excuss him i" huhearl7eated, In a dismuuyed wondelentn.t.t' "E usuee'imhs rell mue, ditldic dear," she burst otconvulsively, " is he going '.TJhar now, dry yewr eyes," he replied sootlhingly, "ohe ain't a.goin' away,' not a little bit he ain't. This s on t d at tll, yew know. SI avn't have my Angell a eryin', all' a-losing' her reses. Mr. Ulnderwood not only ain't a:goin' away,- but he's goin' to .be my- ecre. tars. anl' yw'll be able to see hin every day." " low those big lustrous eyes lrightened, and. those downy ohe,?ks dimpled! She stood on tiptoe, and threw her arms around his neck, and kits--d him for the happy news he had bronught her, and a few minutes afterwarda she .ad forgotten all abouther littletroubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her and the dreadful anticipations that had affri'hted her, over the imaginary woes and jove of the heroine of the latest novel. ' e Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking out into the street. Ite was not an ituginative man, and had boon accustomed to deal with hard matter of fact in a hard matter-of-fact way all his life. Ready resource, protopt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the first time in has life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conllict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and thre'ttenct to interfere with his habitual determination. He looked upon thte street, and tbe little crowds of passers-by, list. lessly, uninterestedly, when, on the opposite side of the road, he espied a man, who rather slunk than walked along, casting furtive glances about him from time to time. Hie was an old man, a t:ll mans bent, wvith brood stooping shoulders. Ilio gait was shifty, and his manner shrnkiking. Whilst looking in this direction, or in that, as if see.'kt. b?oe.e body or something, he turned his eyv, ts.vatrds the window where Daniel Klerehat :.st, and thereby gave the latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face-thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great sear ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and iierciug, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it was a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. His hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed hts cheeks. His clothing, though not absolut, ly in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkomit, unshaven appearance added to the general re'pulsivcuess. As Daniel Kershaw's eyes rested on the man's face. an indistinct remembrance duated upon him and gripped his mind. ' F've seed that man afore," he said to him. self, and strove to obtain a better look. " The man had slunk on, however, and was turning his back. A little further down the avenue he crossed the road, and was lost to sight. S" Whir have I seed that man afore ?" Daniel Kershaw kept asking hiumselt all that morning. " I'm. sure I've seed that face afore." Whatever work he was engaged upon, whether he were writing,, or: reading, or rest. lug, or smoking, that pale, unshaven face thrustitself between him and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So pre-occupied was he. and so moodily ab strocted, that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in Iar questioning, and in her pretty solicitude. Afterluncheon ha sat himself d?k'n.by the window again, and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The white. hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villainous than as he had last seen it. "I've got it," he 'cried. " L.guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner -Cheeseface Mike-HIellfire'sJe's pardner!" CHAPTER VI.-Or.ctrs PnowL. Sleep was a stranger to Daniel Kershaw's couch that night. Hle kept tossing and rolling' from one uncomfortable position to the other, now too hot, then too cold, first determinedly closing his eyes and vowing he would neither see nor dream, then opening them wide and staring at the ceiling in the dim light of tte shaded night-lamp. . Gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not to him, his pulsation became more even, and-his mind less troublous in its activity. "Thaor wos onbu eight men an' one woman, beside myself, that knowved it," he said to nimself, '! an' now thar's Mike Turner, HIollfire Joe's pardner, as: I'd forgotten. Thar wos Little Hoss Harry - some thioviu Blackfeet wiped him out, raised Iris bair at Two Buttes Creek.. Then thar woas Rednail Jack-he's gone too. He died in the Staked Plain. Au' Bill Clellandtoo-tho Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. Martin Brickhead went to Call. fornv, an' got shot at'Frisco. Bob Allen an' Pat Blranagan got killed in the war. Poor old Ruth has gone under theIe ten years. Thar's ony two more alive: Btittenout Sam-he's keepin' a ranche at Fort Seaton; an' Eli Wat. kins--he's made his pile,' an' is loaflu' about Palestine, an' Roosaha, an" Switzarland, an' a lot more ungodly places. An' Eli an' Sam: they're both staunch an' true, an' I'd trust 'em with my life any day. But Mike-ho' looks harder than ever; he looks as if he'd cut your throat for a dollar. " I guess though," he continued, !' he'll find me a tough card. I settled his pardner, :mi' I'll settle him if.he runs athwart me, tor my Angel." With the recital of the list of his quondam companions, and the recapitulation of the events pertaining to the career of each, his power of calm reasoning returned in all its tormer vigour. The problem of Hubert Under. wood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that villainous face of Hiellfire Joe's partner added its mite to the difficulty. Early morning came before'the froutieresman could find restin sleep, having discovered aplan which would onable him to do what was right, and avoid all trouble to his darling. Whon Hubert Underwood came to work as usual the next morning, he found both Daniel Kershaw and Miss Angelica in the library. "I'm a man as cayn't bear beatin' about the bush," said the millionaire, "an' when I've got to dto a thing, I liketo do it an' make no bones about it. I'm a-goin' to speniak plainly to yew both--to yew,. my Angel, nn' to yew, young man. Come, sit down lheear right by my side, both of yew." Hubert seated himself in a hot trepidation; The old man 'spoke pleasantly. There was nothing to be feared; nothing but his own heart. "I guess yew're bo:h very fond o' oneo another. That's the way they put it in the story books as a getoneral rule, isn't it ? Vaal, I've bin readin' stories, too-stories that's true an' stories that ien't, an' I've heerd it said, an' 1 guess I know, thlat sisnny a time two young people take'. thelir oath that they love osne another; adt' elieve it too, 'believe it hard; but when they come to live with' one another, they quarrel an' fightt like cats an' dogs, an' itt mostly tio:ivomati'f heart that's broken faust."' Mriss Asbel threw her arms round -her father's nocl 'and placed her soft hanld over his month. " "I shall not listen, you' dear silly, old daddie," she exclaimed brightly, 'if you.will say such awful things. I shouldn't have come if I had thought that we were about to listen to a sermon." Ireo disongaged himself gently. "ALh, my Angel," he oid softly, "it's a senron as yew ought to listen to,'an' keepl firm in vewr mind; an' remember always. I. don't inteted to Ilay euchre or brag with yewr young lifesin' hsppnies, ans' I'll tek kear that yew. shan't do in yewrself, if yew've got the right bower, an' the left bower, an' as many trumps as yew like, not even then." " She nestled closer to him anxiously. "Tell me, don't keepl me waiting, daddie dear." she breathed, " "It's a-comin', my darlinfg," ' he. replied, "an' sure. I've turned things over, nu' alelpt over 'ro, an' havin' slept over 'es, I've got things straight an' clear, ant' il tell yew both what I'm goin' to do.' Mr. Underwood .was goit' to Yowpr Yewrap is'a nicecountry, an't it 2Mr. Underwood?' " "It is very pleasant, I believe," answered thejournalist. "Lots of peoria go thlere for pleasure. I was going there on business." 'Iguess as it's a country worth seecii'," the pioneer went on, "an' it won't do no harm to my Angel nor to me to soe it an' I propoe that my Angel an' myself weoo to Yewrcp to London, an' to Constaitinople, an' to Jeeroosalem, an' to P?aris, an' to Ireland, an' to lot more places, an' that we stay thar a year or so, we'll say., an' that yew, Mr. Underwood, yew come with us as my guest and as my secretary at the same time, cos I'll want someo body to do my writin' for lme, yew know. An' no yew an' my Angel '11 be together every day, an yew'll git to know one another better than yew do now, an' eaclh other's good points, an' each other's faults, an' eoacht other's temper, an' it so be as at the end of the year yew're as fond o' one another ns yew are now, an' as ready to take one anmothur for good or forill, for good times or had times, for healthl or for sickness, an' for all the trials an' misfortunes that may befall yew both-for that's it, mind oyew-then I'll say to oew, 'Its man an' wife, my children, an' God I ess c ew both.' " His voice faltered just a hlittle as he came to a close. Ho had promised to give away that which he loved beot in all the world. Loved! HIow poor, how icomplete a wor? for that holy? untranslatable fetellg which made life worth living to. him in her young happineor. His glory, his idol, at whos? feet he would gladly have expired without a regret, without a nmurmur, without a sigh, every hair of whoso head he would haive gsa:led at the plice ?t his heart's blood. bShe had taitnel herself arouqd his being likl the elunder. verdant ivy around lth sturdy oak, closely linked leaf to" leaf, not to be ported without hurt to either. His love for her had growno to be part of hitm,' ine.tricable, insepsrabhle-a blot: a stain upon the fair open page of heriyoung life would hicre scorched into his soul,'d he had racked his brain for devices to watch trer her happiness like the dragon of folklore over the legendary hidd." -4o'd. L! * .\ugel loved this brave, handsome; young fot,.- ' to whom both he and she were indebted for Shte rescue of their lives. It was but natural and il the fit order of things that she would love hime. It was the right ordaining of a just and kind lprovidence. Jut, nevertheless, he felt that in promising to allow atnother to share that which he hefl most der ir he had left hbiself impoverished. Would his Angel love him as she stow did when her husband was there to claim her minvy emileos What teortrors lay 'hidden in thkt doubtl But he was prepared for the sacriflce,;and though his voice nigh failed him as he proposed it, he had never felt calmer thasn when he had got it over. " You:re a darling, wise dadldie," cried Miss Angel in her new-born happiness, "and you always kinow what is best." She iidieid the flow of her gladness when she saw that Underwood sat there mutely, un. decidedly. " But," she exclaimed with dignity, "perhaps 'Mr. Underwood - " ' Pray dnn't misjudge me, Miss Kershaw," interrupted the young journalist. "If I fail in momentary warmth for this great joy which is promised me, it is not because I undeiuate its value. Such blessings do not come to men and leave them even-tempered. I hope, Mr. Kersbaw, you have well weighed our conver sation yesterday." " Full an' well, my boy," answered the old man. ' It'll take me about a month to git things into shape, so that I cant leave them safe in other hands. As soon as that is done we're off to Yewrup. Now I'm goin' to leave yew. Yew can settle all that's necessary about the passagee, an' the dress, an' the outfit, an' all the rest of it bet een ve:w, iest as yew like." Underwood might yet lht vs hesitated, but he perceived in the millionaire's plan a wi, lom and appreciation of facts of the highest order. The intervening year might do.wonders. It was pardonable for him to hope that the destroying scythe might perhaps cut short the criminal career of his terrible iather. Who know i' At moment might bring a happy release. If Angelica Kershaw and he got married in Europe, they were rich enough t hlive there until such time as a return of his bogeyov was no longer to be dreaded. Daniel Kershaw was right, and the young man felt ever so grateful to him for having proved that he himself had been wrong. WVhen they were alone, when for the first time they could urnburden their heartato one another without restraint, without fear of misunder standing; when they could u tnaffrightedly bask in the sunshine of their mutual happiness, brim. ful of the joy of to-day, of their glowing hope of the future: when they could sit quite close to one'another and drink deep draughts of glad peace in one another's eyes, and could vow, hand in hand, each to the other that they.would never, never change, nor in this world, nor in all eternity; they forgot all about the arrange meats for the proposed journey, and neither of them as much as cast a thought upon such very mundane matters as steamer tickets, frocks, and like necessities. No happier young man lived that day in Manhattau City lhas Hubert UCdeiwood, as as he sat in the tram-car that was taking him to the nftce of his paper down town. Hle alighted at Union Square, the slightly oscillating move ment becoming toeIdus to him, and walked swiftly along Broadway, glad to expand his chest and to move his limbs, as a safety-valve for his buoyant excitement. The long walk from Union Square to City Hall Park seemed but a dozen vards, so un conscious was he of the distance t'aversed. 1Ie was swinging along blithely across the Park towards the Spruce street entrance, not far from which the office of his paper was situated, when he jostled against a white haired, white-faced old mean, with a short, scrubby aspect, who elbuwed him aside roughly, with a curse. The young man was far too happy, however, to be irritated by trifles. He did not bestow so much as a glance upon the old man, whose equilibrium he had unconsciously dashed out of balance, and walked on with quiek step until he reached his office. Not so the old man, the same old "nan who had on the previous dny thrust his face between Daniel Kershaw and his content. When the old ruffian had delivered his rattling volley of oaths, he stood stock still, with his bright piercing eyes, staring, and his wicked half-tooth less mouth wide open. " Mother o' Moses." he cried to himself. " It is. It ain't-it cavu't be-but I'm derned sure it is. Jumpin' Is.ae ! what a find I An' me without a dime, an' nary a coat to my back. I mustn't lose sight of him-not this time, I guess - never no more. How the young scoundrel has growed ! I'd swear to him, though." " h He dashed after the young journast with much swifter energy. than his decrepid, shrunken limbs would have warranted, dodg ing in and out between vehicles, keeping close to the buildings, and never for a moment allow. ing the young man to get more than ten yards ahead ofhlm. -When he saw young Underwood enter the office of the great journal, he gave ' a long whistle, and dived into the entrance of a ware. house nearly opposite. " Let me see," he muttered. "What was the young good-for-nothen's name when I last cotched him in: -Kansas city ? I guess I' bbhall be forgittin' my own name next. It -wos Underwood.' .That's what it was. Mary's maiden name. I've Sgot to commooniket with Mr. Underwood. -That's what I've 'got to do, I reckon. I've got tolet him git:awearas his fond an' lovin' father is alive an' kickin' kickin' derned' hird if it's got to bi, I guess." The cellar beneath the warehouse, in the entrance of which Mr. Michael Turner-for it was he, of course-had found a temporary refuge, was occupied by a liquor and luncheon bar of ilvitisn and prosperous appearance. Mr. Michael Turner, after carefully recon noitring the surrounding houses and those oppo site, and assuring himself that the doorway where young Underwood had disappeared wais theprincipal entranceleading to the oditorial department, descended into the regions belosv, whore an elegant, well-stocked bar made vigoroua and tempting appeals to his strong apptite for food and drink, an appetite which nevertheless; had-for the moment at least, -to be sternly repressed. The rotund and ruddy-faced IHibernian bar 'keeper did not relish his customer's unkempt and unwashed appearance. " To the divili wid yez, and got out o' this plaice," he cried. " Shuro all' it isn't the loikes o' yez that wants cocktails and girslings. Take ye ugly faico out o' moi bar or Oi'll makei it Mr. Turner was not at all affrighted. or ailronted by this welcome, but grinned calmly at the irate son of?-Eri, standing with legs apart and arms akimbo. ' . S" s It the pepper-box yew'ove swallorad, Pat t" he askedt joeeringly, " or is it the petro leum can as yew cayn't .digest,. an' as is bistin' ? Yew'll be spilin' yowr complexion, yew will, if yew excite yewrself so indecent." " If ye don't get out o' moi bar,!' exclaimed the bar- tender, lireparing to jump over the obstaclo that separated him from his unwel comea cllstomer " Oi'll chuck ye out." " Yew keepl that portate tr, hp o' yewrn shut. Yewr front teeth wnntt filin' down, Pat," re torted the returned convict with au irritating quies. " I gness it ain't a crime to ask a civil question, an' if yeow wos half a man, lot alone a decent Irishman. yew vwouldn't insult a poor man that comes to ask it, jest becos he's poor." The apoeal to hiis natioial characteristic of generosity partially appeased tile barmetn's anger. " Askyer question then," he cried, " an' let me see the bauk o' yer head when ye've asked "Lord, I guessed as yew wosn't. half as snacky as yew made yewrself out to be," con tinued lr. Michael Turner. ." I oily wanted to know,'if so bo as yew woutl tell me, if Afr. Hubert Underwood ms a-frequentin'this bar?'" "Mr. Underwood!" sneered the barman. ,' at's Mr. Undorcoodloike to do wid a. ail faes loike ye?.. Faix, ni' vat should O be anewerin' such a quest ion for P" " Mr..Tnderwood is a perteekler friend o' mione.". drawled Turner--'.' avery, old friend, ian' itf he. knowed as yew assecd me he'd be annoyed-very annoyed." 'The mention of the young jourinlist's name, however unauthorised it seemed, throw a measure of oil upon the troubled waters. " Mr. Underwood does come hiere," replied the bar-keeper doggedly, '" an' now ye can wait for hin at the doors." y " Thanuk yew kindly for yowr grate polite eSS an' civility,"' responded the old man with a burlesque bow. Io had kept a lynx-like 1 watch upon tile entrance opposite, and besidesa gaining time to form a planm hie had assured I himselfby indepenldent testimony that the person he had followed was really Hubert Utnderwood. While lie was still watehing and seeklcing for phrases whlrewith to contlinue his wordy warfare, the young man of letters reappeared at the entrance opposite, and his fond parent flow usp the short flight of rteps as if he had been shot from a bow. Hubert walked with his usual briskness to the corner of William street. After following that street he rapidly turned the corner of Fulton street, tlhe old convict in full pursuit all the while. Tho pavoment was thronged, and the street full of vehicles. At the corner of Nassau street misfortune woaIld have it that a coutle of big vRwIs laden with packing cases barred his way, and before te old man could pass this obstacle, the son had entered the great throbbing hive of Broadway and was lost to sight. The oel villain, ii his rpge at beiaL thus battffled, sal himself down on a small bale of dry goods that was lying in the entrance of a warehouse, cursing and swearing with such fury that he was peremptorily ordered away bly3a clerk. Whlen ho hesitated to obey that sauumlults, he nIt with mort energetic treat moot than the bar-tender had meted out to hitm. An iron tlist gripped tim by the collar of his :coat and lmh:u hint wih contufmelyuinto the gutter, whtlo oily by a mercy of providence he escaped iug run ovter Yu erl ush:d by passing c, on'eoyaurnes. le gathered, , himself tpgether. scowling and threatening, :sad slunk; away, bruised, muddy, and sore. . lThere wss no help for it. He was foiled for thu moment, and he would have to play the waiting game. lie would have to be humble. reiy humble; he would have to play the part of :a poor, unfortunate petitioner for alms. if need Io; .but lie would flad, 4r. Hubert .sUdterwvoddland having found. : t he v'ould fasten on him ievrer si ht of hill again. tie iodges . ek into rulten streuc. A little way down, a German fruit and provision merchant was .tauding at the entranuco of his store. Good nature was marked all over his adipose face, and Mlr; Michael T'rner per ceived at a glance that here he was likely to meet with generosity. He lookedpiteously at the Touton. " Would yew be so very, very kind, sir," ha whispered in his softeMt and most mellow tone, "as to give a pocr man as ain't got a cent a sheet ot paper an' an envelope to write to his ony ion as doesn't know as his father has jest come out o' hospital, and is still very, very sick." The fat German looked the old rascal up and down dubiously. "' Oome in," he said, with a broad grin. "I auessyouv o. , ,n hl hoot Voutsteals noddins here.' With that oe led r. -turner on little high desk and stool, anad placed a sheet of paper and envelope, and pen and ink before him, erosai~ his arms whilst the white-headed ruffian, witr the most woo-begone face imaginable, sat down muid scribbled his note. When the epistle was written and the envelopel closed and addressed, the old scoundrel turned out his pocket as if searching for coins that ought.to have been stowed away there. "Oh, you knows very veil you not got noddins dare," laughed the provision merchant, " und if I give you dwendy-life ants you buy viskey. Here is dwondy.fifo sents, you go and buy viskey." - - The doubly lucky rascal went away with profuse expressions of gratitude, calling upon the head of his bouofactor all the blessing of a providence that h-.d been eo unkind to him. Never had so small a sum as twenty.five cents reaped more fervent thanks and goodl wishes. lar Te 'lnoer felt that he was on the high road to to. ', hin. with ais quarter of a dollar in his , '. and his epistle in his hand, he ontest the oltice of a big journal. He was immediately accosted and stopped by a clerk. " Your business " was the gruff demsand. tIe remembered that humbleness was his best resource, and bent his aneck to the rod. "i Would yew please be so kind as to tell me if 1Mr. Underwood is in the office, an' if I can sea him 'i" he asked. " Mr. Underwood ain't in, and you c uldn't see hina if he were," was the absupt and de. "Could I leave this note for him, if yew please ?" he continued er:ugingly. " You can leave the note for' him aid go," was the answer he obtained. "I guess I've lost a day," he m?teredst to himself as he stopped into the stre.t again, an' I'vr got to keep my eyes skinned now, day an' night. When he'll get away from use agi I guess he'll be clever-that he will." (To src cOwPINxua.) 