CHRISTMAS STORIES. Stories of some sort have long been consi dered as essential as plum pudding to the proper observance of that festival of good will, good fare, and good - fellowship — Uhnstmas. To go back to that picturesque and conveniently vague period, the middle ages—even then, though {easting was of course the most solemn and important duty of the time, even the most valiant trencherman must give in at last—then young and old gathered round the fire, and talked—the elders of those good old days when they were young, dwelling on that "deceased millennium" as old folks will; while the young folks smiled among themselves at this glorification of the past, and built airy oastles for the future, so sure to bo bright. Dame Joan perhaps told Dame Alice weighty secrets of housewifely lore, while at her feet sat the boys who rode in triumph on the yule log a little while before, now watching it burning with eyes that would be sleepy but for the thought of those thrilling stories of ghost and goblin, fay and brownie, they know will soon take the place of dis jointed chat. It was worth while listening to the adventures of a man who carried a record of them notched on his rugged face, his story being illustrated, so to speak, with spirited cuts. There were stories stirring, tragic, weird, romantic, to suit the tastes of all, and when these. began to pall there were songs, gameB, and riddles, till between the steaming wassail and the fes tive jibes the fun grew fast and furious. Well, times have changed, and ttiis work-a-day world has grown a little wiser and a good deal sadder with the passing years, and we Aus tralians miss the frost and snow, the roaring ] fires, and indoor cosiness that have become so closely associated with Christmas as to seem part of it. Our Christmas jokes, and songs, and stories come to us in the summer clad in print, marshalled into columns, and headed by a jovial leader rather given to moralizing on old times. Our jester flourishes a pen instead of a bauble, and scissors for a wooden sword; our minstrels sing to us silently from the printed page, and miss the encouragement of kindling face or tear dimmed eye, as we miss in their most stirring words the subtle interpretations, the sym pathetic ring of the human voice; yet that un seen master of the revels, the Editor, contrives to make your flesh creep or your sides ache in the good [old-fashioned way, and in his Christmas number you may trace the impress of the dear old fireside festival at home. Christmas is essentially a family feast, and the gathering together of friends from a distance, and the consequent narration of their j various histories, has long been a standard plot for a Christmas tale, but by dint of repetition it wore out at last—one knew all the ] characters and their stories beforehand; one ; knew at once that the clergyman's story would be tragic, the maiden aunt's pathetic, and uncle John's (there always was an Uncle John, by- tho-way) either weird or comic — the first few lines set this at rest. Take the i ghost stories, for instance, of which there were | three kinds—the explained, in which the apparition always turns out to be a milepost | or a donkey, the weird sounds aro all traced to rats, branches, and broken windows, and everything is accounted for in a manner highly satisfactory, but rather tame; the unexplained —always vouched for by the uncle, or a friend of the grandfather, or a distant connection of the second cousin of the narrator, and in which a haunted room, a bed like a catafalque, and a I white, green, or blue lady play conspicuous parts; and the ghastly—compounded of bones, gore, shrieks, groans, clanking chains, and horrid sights, all mixed up togother in an atmosphere of blue mould and morbid fatalism. Strange to say. this third kind has lingered longest in popular esteem, and may still be met with now and then at Christmas time. Modern Christmas literature is very different from the annuals, keepsakes, and forget-me-nots which, delighted our grandmothers. A modern Christmas story 'deals with hypnotism, spiritualism, anything in short rather than Christina's.' Holly and mistletoe, mince pies and plum pudding, turkeys, geese, and Christmas jollification generally are tabooed subjeots now. They are all worn threadbare and utterly used up, it seems; and some folks go so far as to point out the very man who used them up—Charles Dickens, who has, so they aver, described Christmas time so often and so well as to leave no more to be said about it, which is difficult to believe when you think what a many-sided subject it is. He loved it, thongh, none better, the yearly reign of goodwill upon earth; the spirite of Christmas," past, present, and future, bad as strong .a hold on him as ever they had on Scrooge. He fairly revels in the cheery, homely merrymaking of the time, and indulges in such reckless and lavish descriptions of H.R.H. PRINCE ALBERT VICTOR, DUKE OF CLARENCE AND AVONDALE. good things as might well turn a dyspeptic green with envy—or biliousness. There is a warm glow as of firelight through all Dickens's Christmas books; a genial heart warmth, too, that is better still; yet through all run an undertone of sadness like the voice of a cold wind, telling those who might forget it amidst their comfort, of the siD, want, and suffering that seem most Bad and pitiful in timeB of general rejoicing. Ideas have altered, and perhaps to some of us his pathos may seem bathos,-and his sentiment over strained ; some may object to his inordinate love of spirits, the spirits of past, present, and future, of the cricket and the chimes on the one hand, and those more ardent spirits contained in numerous casebottles, &c.;, on the "other; but after all bis books are so instinct with good spirits, and above all with the spirit of goodwill, that one may read them year after year and always feel the better for them. How be delighted in cheery eomfort, and how clearly he drew it with a few strokes of his graphic pen. He loved especially a bright fire, and described one so vividly that one seems to feel its cheery warmth and see its dancing, flickering light. Hardly pleasant reading for our Christmas time, you think 1 Ah! but he makes you shiver first. Here is a blast of the cold December wind that roared and whistled through the belfry whence the chimes rang out their message to poor Trotty Veck" The night wind has a dismal trick of wandering round •. and round a building of that sort, and moaning as it goeB; of trying, with its unseen hand, the windows and the doors, and seeking out some crevices by which to enter. And when it has got in, as one not finding what it seeks, what ever that may be, it wails and howls to issue forth again; and not oontcnt with stalking through the aisles, and gliding round and round the pillars, and tempting the deep organ, soars up to the roof, and strives to rend the rafters, then flings itself despairingly upon the stones below, and passes, muttering, into the vaults. Anon, it comes up stealthily, and creeps along the walls, seeming to read in whispers the inscriptions sacred to the dead. At some of these it breaks out shrilly, as with laughter, and at others moans and cries as if it were lamenting. It has a ghostly sound, too, lingering within the altar, where it seems to chant, in its wild way, of wrong and murder done, and false gods worshipped, in defiance of the Tables of the Law, which look so fair and smooth, hut are bo flawed and broken, Ugh! Heaven preserve us, sitting snugly by the fire. It has an awful voice, tbat wind at midnight, singing in a Church." Toby Veck, ticket porter, stood all day by an old Church waiting for a job. He did not much mind wind or snow or frost, or even hail, but rain was almost too much even for his philosophy. "Wet weather was the worst, the cold, damp, clammy wet, that wrapped him up like a moist greatcoat—the only kind of greatcoat Toby owned, or could have added to his comfort by dispensing with. Wet days when the rain came slowly, thickly, obsti nately down; when the street's throat, like his own, was choked with mist, when Bmoking umbrellas passed and repassed, spinning round and round like so many teetotums, as they knocked against each other on the crowded footway, throwing off a little whirlpool of un comfortable sprinklings; when gutters brawled, and waterspouts were full and noisy; when the wet from the projecting stones and ledges of the Church fell drip, drip, drip, on Toby, making the wisp of straw on which he stood mere mud in no time: those were the days that tried him." If you prefer a London fog you may find it in the first stave of the "Christmas Carol," when old Scrooge is busy in his counting-house on Christmas Eve:—" It was cold, bleak, biting weather, foggy withal, and he could bear the people in the court outside go wheez ingupand down, beating their hands upon their breasts, and stamping their feet upon the pavement stones to warm them. The City clocks had only juet gone 3, but it was dark already—it had not been light all day—and candles wore flaring in the windows of the neighbouring offices, like ruddy smears upon the palpable brown air. The fog came pouring in at every chink and keyhole, and was so denBe without that, although the court was of the narrowest, the houses opposite were mere phantoms. To see toe dingey cloud come drooping down obscuring everything one might have thought that nature lived hard by, and was brewing on a large scale. . . Foggier yet, and colder! Piercing, searching, biting cold. If the good St. Dunstan had but nipped the Evil Spirit's nose with a touch of such weather as that, instead of using his familiar weapons, then, indeed, he would have howled to lusty purpose. The owner of one scant young nose, gnawed and numbed by the hungry oold as bones are gnawed by dogs, stooped down at Scrooge's keyhole to regale him with a Christmas carol; but at the first sound of God bless yon, merry gentleman, May nothing you dismay 1 Scrooge seized the ruler with such energy of action that the singer fled in terror, leaving the keyhole to the fog and even more con genial frost." You are ready for a fire by this time, I fancy. Well, there is one in the first chirp of the " Cricket on the Hearth," with a kettle on it, too, to make things cosier still,. and this is what the kettle sings -.—"It's a dark night . . . and the rotten leaves are lying by the way; and above allismist and darkness,and below all is mire and clay ; and there's only one relief in all the sad and murky air—and I don't know that it is one, for it's nothing but a glare of deep and angry crimson, where the sun and wind together set a brand upon the clouds for being guilty of such weather; and the widest open country is a long, dull streak of black; and there's hoar frost on the finger post and thaw upon the track; and the ice, it isn't water, and the water isn't free, and you couldn't say that anything is what it ought to be. But he's coming, coining, coming !" Here is another gleam of firelight from the "Battle of Life"—rather a dull story as a whole, perhaps, and a trifle too sentimental for modern taste; but with bright bits here and there, as, for instance, the party given by Doctor .Teddler in honour of Alfred's return from abroad:—"Pile up the tire here! Would you freeze the people ou this bleak December night? Let us be bright, and warm, and merry, or I'll not forgive some of you !" " So gaily the old doctor carried it! And the fire was piled up, and the lights were bright, and company arrived, and a murmuring of lively tongues began, and already there was a pleasant air of cheerful excitement stirring through all the house. . . . Now the music struck up and the dance commenced. The bright fire crackled aud sparkled, rose and fell, as though it joined in the dance itself, in right good-fellowsliip. Sometimes it roared aB if it would make musio too. Sometimes it flashed and beamed as if it were the eye of the old room ; it winked, too, sometimes, like a knowing patriarch upon the youthful whis perers in corners. Sometimes it sported with the holly boughs; and, shining on the leaves by fits and starts, made them look as if they were in the cold winter night again and flut [ tering in the wind. Sometimes its geDial humour grew obstreperous, and passed all bounds; and then it cast into the room among the twinkling feet, with a loud burst, a shower of harmless little sparks, and in its exultation leaped and bounded like a mad thing up the broad old chimney." Dickens dearly loved a Christmas party, and described one con amore—the fire- lit. holly decorated rooms, the arriving guests, the games and stories, and, last but not least, the dancing. Sir Roger de Coverley seems to be his favourite dance. Mr. Pickwick danced it, if you remember, one Christmas at Dingley Dell; they had it at Doctor Jeddler's, too, where "Mr. Snitehay, with bis nimble cuts and capers, footed it for Self and Crags, and half a dozen more." The "Cricket on the Hearth" finishes up with a dance; so does the "Chimes." "To the muBic of the band, tho bells, the marrow-bones, and cleavers, all at once, and while the * Chimes' were yet in lusty operation out of doors; Trotty, making Meg and Richard second couple, led off Mrs. Chickenstalker down the dance, and danced in a step unknown before or since, founded on his own peculiar trot." But nothing comes up to the Fezziwig ball in the " Carol," where "old Fezziwig stood out to dance with Mrs. Fezziwig—top couple, too—with a good stiff piece of work cut out for them; three or four and twenty pairs of partners; people who were not to be trifled with; people who would dance, and had no notion of walking. " But if they had been twice as many—ah! four times—old Fezziwig would have been a match for them, and so would Mrs. Fezzi wig. As to her, she was worthy to be his partner in every sense of the term. If that's not high praise tell me higher, and IU use it. A positive light appeared to issue from Fezzi wig's calves. They shone in every part of the dance like moons. You couldn't have pre dicted, at any given time, what would become of them next. And when old Fezziwig and Mrs. Fezziwig had goneall through the dance advance and retire, both hands to your partner, bow and curtsey, corkscrew, thread the needle, and back again to your place, Fezziwig 'cut' —cut so deftly, that he appeared to wink with hie legs, and came upon his feet without a stagger." Thackeray also wrote Christmas books, very different from those of Dickens, but delightful in their own way all the same. Extravagant certainly. In "Eebeoca and Rowina," whioh claims to be a sequel to Scott's "Ivanhoe," you find the well-known characters in new circumstances—how Ivanhoe goes to the wars I and iE supposed to be killed; how Rowena marries Athelstan; bow she being dead, Ivan hoe turnB up again, goes to the wars once more, saves Coeur - de - Lion's life in mortal combats {such combats) with the Saracens, and finally finds Rebecoa and marries her, Thackeray tells in a way all his own, which, if your love of romance exceeds your Bense of humour, you will scarcely appre ciate. Thackeray had, it must be confessed, rather a knack of taking the gilt off the ginger bread ; but then neither romance nor ginger bread, gilt or ungilt, ore good in unlimited quantities. Thackeray's Christmas cake is wholesome, at all events ; and you may test its goodness by trying it on a ohild—the besfa iudge surely of either cake or stories. If that -wonderful history, "The Roso and the Ring," does not arouse delight, aud Dr. Birch's young friends are not welcomed as real live boys, there must be something wrong with that youngster's mental digostion, that's all. Thackeray was severely called over the coals once bv no less a paper than the Times about one of his Christmas books, "The KickleburyB on the Rhine." The criticism in question is in itself such n literary curiosity that one is tempted to quote it whole. Here, however, is an extract sufficient to display its style:—" It has been customary of late years for the pur veyors of amusing literature—the popular authors of tho day—to put forth certain opus cules, denominated "Christmas books," with the ostensible intention of swelling the tide of exhilaratiun or other expansive emotions inci dent upon the exodus of the old and the inau guration of the new year. We have said that i, their ostensible intontion was such, because there is another motive for these productions locked up (as the popular author deems) in his own breast, but which betrays itself in the quality of the work as his principal in centive. Oh, that any muse Bnould be set upon a high stool to cast up accounts and balance a ledger! Yet bo it is ; and the popular author finds it convenient to fill up the declared deficit, and place himself in a position the more effectually to enoounter those liabili ties which sternly assert themselves contempo raneously and in contrast with the careless mid freehanded tendencies of the season by the commission of Christmas bookB—a kind of literary atsignats, representing to the emitter expunged debts, to the reoeiver an investment of enigmatical value. For the most part bearing the stamp of their origin in the paucity of the writer's exchequer rather than in the fulness of his geniuB, they suggest by their feeble flavour the rinsings of a void brain after the more important concoctions of ■s.n expired year. Indeed, we should as little think of taking these compositions as exam ples of the merits of their authors as we would think of measuring the valuable services of Mr. Walker, the postman, 0, -Mr. Bell, the dust collector, by the copy of verses they leave at our doors as a provocative of the expected gratuity— effusions with which they may fairly be classed for their intrinsic worth no less than their ultimate purport." Further on Thackeray's writings are likened |-*o "sardonic divings after the pearl of truth, whose lustre is eclipsed in the display of the diseased oysters." This beats even the " muse upon a high stool." Now, after' all, the "Kickloburys" is not such a very dreadful book, and the character who comes in for most ridicule is M. A. Titmarsh himself. Even in "Our Street" and "Mrs. Perkin's Ball," which are simply sketches in pen and pencil of the folks be was supposed to be hardest on, you come on many little touches which show that this so-called cynic had a large heart and a kind one. It is rather from excess of sympathy with the losers in the battle of life than from any ill- feeling towards the winners that his satire gains its sting, and in the epilogue to Dr. Birch and his young friends you find _ the keynote of much that is sad in his writings :— And in the world, as in the school, I'd say, liow fate may change and shift; The prize be sometimes to tbe fool, The race not always to the swift. Ths strung may yield, the good may fall. The great man be a vulgar clown, Tbe knave be lifted over all, Tbe kind cast pitilessly down. So each shall mourn in life's advance, Dear hopes, dear friends untimelykiUed, Shall grieve for many a forfeit chance, A longing passion unfulfilled, Amen! Whatever fate be sent, ' Pray Ood the heart maykindly glow Although the head with canes be beat, And whitened with the winter snow. Come wealth or want, come good or ill, let young or old accept their part, And bow before the Awful Will, And bear it with an honest heart. Who misses or who wins the prize? Go, lose or conquer as you can; But if you fail, or if you rise. Be each, pray God, a gentleman. A gentleman, or old or young (Bear kindly with my humble lays). The sacred chorus first was sung Upon the first of Christmas days. The shepherds heard it overhead— The joyful angels raised it then; Glory to heaven on high, it said, And peace on earth to gentle men. Sly song save this is little worth; I lay the weary pen aside, And wish you health, and love, and mirth,. As fits the solemn Christmas tide. As fits tbe holy Christinas birth, Be this, good friends, our carol still— Be peace on earth, be peace on earth, To men of gentle will. Surely there can be no better moral foe Christmas tales than this. 