There is room for everybody io this big world ; friction comes from the fact that too many want the front room. "I merely intended it for a sell," said the prisoner. " Well," said the Judge, " if that'e all, well call it a cell for six months." It is seldom that a man ever gets wise enough to know what to do with a large fortune. The man who never makes mistakes misses a good many splendid chancea to learn some- thing. A Divorce Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to fina work to do all the year round. Thc grammar-school girl at thc boarding- house may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A mau never thoroughly realizes the incon- venience of a Email town until he lias done something mean. " Do you play thc banjo !" " Not when there aie any people around." "Why uot!" " They won t let me." A Lancashire man has the name of Stealing, and be bates it He thought to auf teu matters a little for his only child, a daughter, so he gave her the Christian name of W orth. " Sca-aickuess," says a modern wit, " is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but every one has misgivings on the subject." A circus never runs too long for the'specta- tors, but let a sermon mn over forty minutes and tbo congregation can hardly manage to control their profanity. Thc young man who knows enough to leave carly, bring candy for her brother, and make love to her parents, will not find the course of true love so very rough. Boso-I think I'll say yes. It is better to marry a man you respect than one you adore. Dolly-But it is so much easier to love men han to respect them. It is a good ride to accept only such medicines as are known to be worthy of confi- dence. The experience of thousands proves that Ayer's Cherry Pectoral is the best medicine ever used for throat and lung diseases.-ADVT. The O.K. Brand stands first amongst the imported brands.- ADVT. O.K. Jams and Jellies made from new season's fruit.-ADVT. Tho Director-General of Forests in New South Wales (Mr. J. ttdnie Brown), says The Pastoral Time«, has sent down a small parcel of seeds to the Mayor of Deniliquin (Mr. M. Mackenzie) for distribution amongst those who ure willing to test thc adaptability of the plant for the climate of that district. Thc plant is named Pmtzia Vlrgata, and is a native of South Africa, called there the "Sheep Bush." It is a bush with small branches and little yellow-coloured flowers. It grows in very dry situations and ÍB recommended highly as a fodder plant on the western plains of the colony. Sheep and cattle in .South Africa arc very fond of it, and mutton grown on it brings a better price in Capo Town than does that fed ou thc ordinary grasses. AB the bush grows thc branches bend over on to the ground, and where it touches it takes root. It is therefore constantly spreading. The moro it is eaten the more dense does thc foliage become. It is recommended that the plants be first raised in boxes and planted out, when they are two or three inches high, into rows five feet apart. Besides being useful as a fodder plant, it is also recom- mended for growth on sandhills. It readily binds thc sand together, and in lime thc most barren aroa is converted into firstcluss pas- turage. Thc Mayor of Deniliquin will bc glad to furnish small packets to those interested. Scientific und economical feeding is a sub- ject which should engage thc attention of thc farmer who desires to succeed with his stock. Spare moments during thc winter should bc devoted to a study of tho principles of feed- ing and thc practical application will follow in due course. An article well worth reading in this connection recently appeared in Our Orange Homes, and wc take the liberty of reproducing it hero. The writer says:-"In u general wuy all food substances ure divided, according to their constitution, into two classes. These arc albuminoids, sometimes also called proteins, or nitrogenous food. Their base is nitrogen, which comprises about four-fifths of our atmosphere. It is nearly pure in thc white of egg, and predominates in albumen, gluten, gelatin, fibrin, casein and all the proteins, both vegetable and animal. These arc carbohydrates or car- bonaceous food. Their base is curban, which comprises about 4-10,000 parta of our atmosphere in the form of carbonic acid goa, a combination of carbon and oxygen, which ia tho deadly damp in wella but the life of coda water. It is harmless to drink, but deadly to breathe. It predominates in the diamond, coal, wood, os well aa in fibre, starch, augar, oil, resin, etc. Theselast are called "foods of respiration. The proper balance of these two foods for cows is one part of the nitro- genous to five or six parts of thc carbonaceous. The German expression of it is 1 to 4*5. The ration for cudi 1000 pounds of live weight is 24 pounds of dry food, of which 15 poundB must bc digestible, and 2'.r> pounds of this must bc nitrogenous. 