CnAPTEE, II. Barrmjrton Manor, from whieh the j small village near took its name of f Barrington, was a ioveiy old house j which had belonged for centuries to j the Hiltoas, one of the most ancient ! families in the county" of Cork. It I was situated on a, hill surrounded on three sides by shrubberies, and approached on the fourth by a long drive, which wound down the hill for some distance through a lovely park, and terminated in an old ivy-co yeied archway and large iron gates, which always during the daytime stood j hospitably open. The house itself j had been added to at various times, j and looked what it was—not over- > poweringly magnificent or even impos ing, but a thoroughly charming and comfortable home. 1 he entrance liall was perhaps the most beautiful part of it, having several very handsome old carved oak pillars, which supported an arched roof, and the broad, shelving staircase was also of oak. It was a large house, with winding passages and long corridors with rooms 011 either side, but throughout it all there was a feeling of homely comfort and cheerfulness which many a smaller house often lacks. "I he lurniture was coBy and suited to the rooms ; nor had the occupants joined in the high art craze. Draperies arranged in every possible or impossible corner were, as yet, unknown to Barrington. The family party was a small one, consisting of Colonel Hilton, already introduced, and who had a few days since arrived from India; J?is wife, Mrs. Hiiton; Nellie, their ODly daughter; and < "lare Featherstone, a young girl, and Nellie's greatest i iriend, who had been spending a few weeks with her. These two were inseparable companies, though very different in character, for Clare was ail energy and decision, and Kelly owned that sweet yielding disposition preferred by so man v. In the meantime" how had it fared with Bhola? When the colonel landed at Queens town he, too, left the vessel, and by a fen- judicious enquiries learnt that the village of Barrington was about twelve miles distant. He was in 110 great hurry, and the next few days were spent in arranging his plan of action as far as was possible without being actually on the spot. He made up his mind to walk the distance, as then his arrival would be less noticeable than if he went by train; and hie small store of savings was nearly exliausted, so it behoved him to be careful. It wa8 a gloomy dark evening when he reached the park gates, having passed through the village street with out meeting any one. A more favor able time he could not have wished for, and as he reconnoitred the grounds and noticed the many advant ages and places of concealment, his hopes rose high as he saw before him the vision of vengeance satisfied. Of the risk to himself he thought nothing. lijsk was natural to him, and he trusted to his native quickness to extricate himselt* from any awkward position. He had brought with him provisions enough to last a week, and early morning and late evening saw him prowling about and acquainting himself with the habits of the house hold. Nellie and Clare little knew ! that in their daily rambles their steps were dogged, and eyes full of hatred gleamed at them from the surrounding bushes. It was All-Hallows Eve. The household had retired to rest, but the i two girls were still talking over the j library fire, relating all the most blood ■ curdling ghost stories they had ever heard of or read; now and then looking fearfully over their shoulders into the shadowy corners of the room, as if they half expected to see some ghastly visitant emerge, until at last, when twelve o'clock struck, and they rose to light their caudles, Nellie declared she was far too nervous to be left alone, and that Clare must sleep with her. Clare laughingly assented. Though protesting that she herself was not at all frightened, she felt a secret satisfaction in the thought that, after all, she would not be left alone in her large and somewhat eerie room, where the wind roared so loudly in the chimney, and the old faded arras shook in the dim twilight. As she entered her room to fetch a few things preparatory to rejoining Nellie, Clare glanced, as washer wont, under her bed, for, she said, there is 110 knowing one might discover a burglar there one night. However, she saw nothing, only towards the far side near the wall there eeemed a brown bundle of something. She walked to the fire, and stood thiuking, when it flashed across her mind that the night before that brown bundle had not been there. It is curious she thought, I will look again, and once more taking the candle ia her hand, she lifted the valance and i peered beneath the bed, when two i fiery gleaming eyes met hers. It was ! the work of a moment to drop the val- 1 ance aud run. She burst into Nellie's room with a breathless " Nellie, there is a man under my bed ; we must call some one 3" Hand in h;:nd the two girls camo into the passage, when to tit ir horror, a black woolly head was cautiously put round CLtra's door. Nellie gave a ] shriek and rushed into her room, j Clara remained whore she was, petri fied with fright, til], seeing a dark j fonvi follow tiie head and make towards her with silent, rapid strides down the corridor, she, too, turned av.d fied after her friend, whom she found fainting on the iloor. | She knew the man was following, and she could only trust to Nellie's } shriek having roused the Colonel, | whose room was not very far down j the passage. She drew Nellie to one | side, and prepared to face the enemy. . In one moment; he was in the door j way, and then commenced a terrible and almost hand-to-hand fight. He never noticed the unconscious figure lyiug there ; all his fury was directed against Clara, who defended herself as best she could by keeping him at bay with a chair. It was evident the struggle could not last many minutes, and, feeling her strength giving way, she slipped behind a large table, holding before her the only chair left within her reach. It was war to the death, and she knew it! Tbe man drew near, seized the chair, and with a dexterous movement twisted it from her hold. As the danger increased, Clare grew steadier, and her courage rose. It remained for her to keep the table between them, for it was too wide for him to reach across. Backwards and forwards they dodged, now waiting to gain breath. Clare kept a keen eye on every movement of the form before her. One slip, and she knew.it would all be over. As much as possible she kept her adversary's back to the door, so that, should help arrive, he mijiht be taken unawares. There was a sound outside, and her eye brightened. An instant later Colonel Hilton entered the room, and with one fell swoop the man dropped to the ground. ! "Bhola," exclaimed the astonished Colonel^ " how did he get here ?" ! But there was no time to waste, the household was soon roused, restora tives brought to tha two girls, and Bhola was securely fastened to one of the oak pillars in the hall. Reaction had set in, aud poor Clare's feelings were difficult to describe. The shock had been a very severe one, and it was months before she recovered her usual nerve and presence of mind, and Nellie, naturally timid, although she had been unconscious during the worst part of the adventure, was in a terrible state of fright, aud needed constant reassurance that Bhola was firmly attached to the pillar. And Bhola, himself, when he recovered consciousness, and found lie was a prisoner, made frantic efforts to escape, but they were of no avail, and he sullenly resigned himself to his fate, and to the failure of his plan of ven geance. The next day he was lodged in the county jail, and brought up at the fol lowing assizes, when it transpired that he had followed; he Colonel to Ireland hidden in the shrubberies near tbe house, and watched the opportunity of entering unperceived. The mistake he made was taking Clare for Nellie, and even when he learnt that she was not his hated enemy's daughter, still it was through her he had been defeated, and he vowed that when his five years' imprisonment were over he would dog her footsteps until he had wreaked his vengeance. The trial was over, Bhola was removed, and the Hiltons breathed more freely to think they were safe from the presence of one whose creed and customs forbade the forgiveness of any injury whatsoever, aud with whom the law of the vendetta was very strong. %****#! The five years' penal servitude are just ended, and Clare is wondering i how it will end. There is no more ! fear for her friends the Hiltons, for it is to her Bhola has transferred his undying hatred, and, for herself, she j feels there is every fear, aud that unless j something unforeseen occurs, her days 1 are numbered. Such a man as that j never forgets or forgives, and lives j ouiy to keep hts row.— \- Weekly Scots 