GONVIGT DAYS VAN DIEMAN’S LAND. XRUE CHRONICLES. [ait, bights reserved,] No. 5. A STRANGE STORT, In the first incident described in these Cfcron’cles, “ The Wreck of the Panther,” it was mentioned that when Chief-officer Btpinasse went into the hold of the fast Kinking ship to rescue any probable survivors.. h° was”about returning on deck'when he saw j a hand thrust out of the dark water, ana | seizing it he found that it was that of a young woman, who, with the other hand, had tight hold of a young man. Both were taken ; out and placed in the boat, and after great : -; difficulty animation was restored in both the ,, ^ .1 -. nea rly drowned persons. ..j• %IS^S£iThe'i m.ah\ wa3; a (^onvicy.;but.»;w7hp: tne, ■^-■-.--7.,. 'voinan-was no one could toll.■ -She was not : trahsportee, neither wa"S- she. a free pas-, eenger, and the only conclusion that could . be arrived at was that she waa a stowaway, but how ehe got on board and concealed her eelf so long was a myetery. The sudden sinking of the ehip revealed one of the strangest stories of woman’s de votion it is possible to conoeive, and it is here given just as it happened, except, for obvious reasons, the real names are with held. In the County of Galway, Ireland, there lived, in the beginning of the present century, a titled family named O’G ormon. Certainly \- the title was not recognised by English law, for Baron O’Gormon prided himself that it had been in the family before the English set foot in Ireland, and that- his ancestry dated back to kings, and long anterior to tne proudest families on the other side of the channel. In short, the O’Gormon, of the year 1800, waa infinitely more proud and poor than his ancestor of a century or two previously. In 1810 he had a daughter born to him, whom he ohristened Nora, and this girl, though she had the courage and determina tion of her father, had a good deal of her mother's mild and lovable nature. She waa brought- up, as beseemed the heiress of the grand old line of the O’Gormons, for, as the years rolled on and no further children were born, it seemed probable that such would be her destiny. He father never failed to im press on her the pride of ancestry, but, as re sults abowed, love had a stronger influence over Nora than a genealogical tree as high as the giant gum cf Mount Baw Baw. At eighteen years of age she had suitors for her hand, but she oared for none of them. Her father had selected as her future bus- j band a young squire named O’Donnell, but his advances were very coldly received. In 1S29, when Miss Nora was in her nine teenth year, a young fellow named Paul Madden, the Bon of a produce merchant in . Dublin, came to the district as assistant to a surveyor, who was teaching him that pro fession. There was nothing particularly striking about him. He had a frank faoe and blue eyes, was above the medium height, and fairly well educated. He certainly wa3 not handsome, but when Nora (who was the j belle of the connty) saw him, she met her fate. As young people will, they fonnd oppor- I tunities of meeting, and soon it was whis pered about that ’• Madden was the man. ’ j , These whispers reached the ears of O’Gormon himself, and the old man nearly went frantic with rage. That thiB son of a potato huck ster, or pork batcher, or whatever be was should marry the last of the 0’Gormon3 was _ . —was—well, it was something so outrageous : that Nora’s father could not find ah ap propriate expression for it. He threatened his daughter with all kinds of terrible menaces if she did not at ones banish from her mind all thoughts of the low ohurl. But Nora had a heart as well as a head, and do what she oould—for she wanted to obey her father, if possible—she qotjld not efface Paal Madden’s image from her heart. Mrs. O’Gormon wisely told her daughter to please herself, but the psrish priest was called in to counteract tho mother’s lukewarmness on the important subject. It must be admitted that he did not baok up the O’Gormon with much zeal, but he pointed out that obedience to parents was the first duty of a child. ‘‘ Then, can’t I obey my mother, your reverence ?” naively asked the young girl. “Ahem!” coughed Father Danaghy at this. “ I hope, my child, you. will be able to obey both of them.” There was very little hope of that, and so matters went on for six months without her seeing Madden. At the end of that time she lost her best friend on earth—for her mother passed away in her forty-sixth year. Madden was still in the neighborhood, and, as fate would have it, she met him ac cidentally ; all the old love returned, and she promised to marry him when of age. The successful suitor had many enemies, and one of these conveyed the news of the meeting to O’Gormon, but he was too late, for Nora had told him all herself, and the scene that ensued may be better imagined than described. Squire O’Donnell and himself decided that the marriage mast be stopped, and the male volent young man laid a wicked plot to get rid of his rival. At that time there was a secret society in Ireland called the Bibbonman. It partook something of the character of the Fenian organisation of latter days. According to British law membership of the Bibboners’ Society was a capital offenoo, and many of them were executed. O’Donnell waB a prominent member, and he determined to weavoa web round Madden and denounce him to the authorities. It is not our purpose to enter into tho datails of the plct here, sufficient to say that by meanB of paid emissaries sufficient evidence was collected to induce the young" squire to de nounce his rival as a Bibbonman. He did so, I and Madden was arrested. The trial oame on at the following assizes, and though Madden had the bast of counsel he was found guilty., A doubt lingered in the judge’s mind, and the young man got the benefit of , it in the sentence, which was” seven years’ transportation to Van Dieman’s Land/ Next day he was taken away to Cork, where the Panther was to oall for him and many other convicts. The trial and its results nearly broke Nora O'Gormon’s heart, for'she knew that Madden was innocent. Two days after the trial her -father was handed a letter, signed “Nora,”in which the writer stated pathetically that Madden had taken her heart away to Van Dieman’sLand, and she was going there to find it. As the choleric old man read the note and comprehended its significance his face grew pnrple, he staggered a few steps, and then fell heavily on the floor. An attendant ran in, but it waB too late; The last of the O'Gor mons was dead. A stroke of apoplexy had. smitten him, and Nora was heiress of his lineage and property. If he had lived another day it is quite certain he would have altered his will. Meanwhile, Nora, with her slender stock of money, was speeding towards Cork as fast' as she could in those days of stage coaches. She had no fixed idea in her mind, only that' she wanted to seo her lover once again. As' she journeyed along, however, the idea en tered her head that it might ba possible to go to the penal settlement in the convict ship. She little knew the horror of such a voyage. The dreary voyage to Cork at last.came to an end, and then she learned tnnt the prisoners were confined at Spike Island; in t-lie harbor, and that the Panther had not yet arrived. She pondered 07er her course of action until her brain was in a whirl, Bn Bhe made enquiries without en-1 about convict ships, the discipline and arrangements on board, and everything pertainirg to Ibera. This afterwards Btood her in good stead,.and facilitated her plans. She learned, that tha Panther would stay some days in harbor, and at last she made up her mind to try and stowaway on beard the ship. She worked j out her plans to a nicety, and one old t ir, | whom she met on the quay, had once served'| on the Panther. 1 This garrulous old fellow took a delight in telling the handsome young lady all about the vessel. He described it from sterm to stern, and Nora drank in every word until she had a mental plan of the ship. She knew where the convicts were placed, and moat important of all, where the provisions were kept. She made up her mind that if she conld not get food a few day3 after the ship sailed, she would show herself, and ask the captain to bring her on, which he most likely would do, as it would be very awkward to land her. She bought a huge carpet bag, and filled this with clothing, cordials and food until she could scarcely carry it. The Panther arrived in a few days, and all wa3 excite ment. It wa3 understood that she would remain three days, and than resume her voyage. The evening of the second day, the young girl was on the quay with her well- filled bag. There was a number of people passing to and fro from the Panther. Th9 vessel looked gloomy enough, which was in keeping with her cargo of sin and misery, and many a heart she carried on board, whose owners vyere weeping and sorrowing in- England, Ireland"and Scotland. ' At length a well-manned boat of blue jaokets put o2 from the ship, and Nora saw it was bringing the captain and one of the officers on shore. Her time had now come. With palpitating heart she hailed a skiff that was plying for hiie, and asked to be taken to the Panther. This was soon done, and the girl’s heart almost failed her as ebe wsb as sisted on board with her heavy parcel. As Bhe stepped on board, an officer came to her and politely asked what he could do. “ I wish to see the eaptain, if you please,” she answered, with a smile, (women are champion deceivers, if they please.) “ He has just gone ashore, I am Borry to say.” ' “ I am a friend- of his, and have brought him some thiugs,” she went on, pointing to the bag. “ He will not be long, I am sure, a3 he expected me. Gould I not wait in his cabin until his return.” The speaker was handsome, well-dressed, a lady without doubt, and a friend of the captain. 11 Of oourse, you can. I will conduot you there,” was the ready answer. Left alone in the cabin, she at once started operations. Guided by the knowlodgo she possessed she made her way to the stern end of the ship, and, descending a companion way, found herself near the store-room ; the door was open and an immense quantity of . provisions and casks were in the place. It was an unusual place to stowaway, but as it turned out she selected the best possible quarter of the ship. She had no difficulty in finding a secure hiding place, and by means of canvas she made it fairly comfortable, although she was not thinking much of that. The upper part of the ship appeared to be de Eertea, as most of the men had gone on * The excitement and fatigue of what she had recently undergone overoame her, and, sinking into a deep sleep, Bhe did not awake until the dim light told her it was morning. | Her heart beat with joy, for she knew by the motion of the vessel that it was under weigh. Days went by like this; and then she began "to feel the strain of the close confine ment. Getting bolder as time went on, she took all the exercise she oould within her narrow limits. She lost count of the days, bat she thought two months had gone by, and one morning she heard the purser in the store-room telling someone that sickness had broken out amongst the convicts below. This almost ( drove her mad, as her first thought was of Madden, and she would have given the world, if she owned it, to know if he were really sick. More weeks passed, and then she took a desperate resolve. Several suits of sailor’s clothes were in the store-room, and one of these she donned. Certainly, she did pot look much like a sailor, but, if not scrutinised too closely, she would pass muster. For several nights she was baulked of her pur pose by the door being locked, but at length it was left open, and she passed out. She went along until she oame to the companion way, and then boldly descended to the lower Faint lights were burning at one end, and she went timidly towards them. It was, ae she had suspected, the hos She peeped in. Two or three conviot attendants were the only moving occupants. The orew and officers did not care to visit this plague The rough attendants scarcely looked at her as she walked along the row of stretchers seek ing the face she wished, yet dreaded, to Bee. It was not there, and with a joyful heart she returned to her hiding-place. Time flew on, and something impelled her to again visit the hospital. This time she i found her lover in the orowded Iazar house, | raving in delirium and calling for Nora, and she was standing by his side. She never j i forgot the anguish of that time. Nighi after | night she visited him, bringing him little drinks from the cordials Bhe had in her bag. No one noticed her; they seemed dazed. She was in her hiding-place attired in her j proper costume, for she had heard it said the night previously that land would "be j reached soon, when she felt the vessel quiver I and next moment she was thrown on her face. Bising instantly, she rushed out of the store room for the hospital, and as she went along she knew by the indescribable confusion that something serious had happened. The oonvicts were rushing madly about as she entered the hospital. “The vessel is sink ing,” she heard on every hand. Standing at the bedside of Paul Madden, she prayed that he might yet be spared her, and there she stood until the water came rushing an. At last, endc-wed with a strength, not her own, she lifted the wasted form in her arms and carried him out. The rising waters soon overtook them, but sha still held to the man she loved, and how they were saved has al ready been told. When they were brought ashore, at Sul livan’s Gave, Madden was taken to the con vict barracks and placed in the hospital at tached to it, whilst Nora O’Gorman was taken charge of by the kind-hearted wife of the captain, who commanded the vessel which saved them. .It was a hard battle with death that both of them fought. The terrible strain which followed the committal of her sweetheart in Ireland was intensified by the extraordinary voyage which the girl had made as a etow j away and its disastrous ending. She was j within an acs of being drowned when she was rescued, and that, added to the other ! hardships, brought on a violent fever. The fine climate of Hobart Town, however, as sisted her, -and after weeks, hovering be tween life and death, Ehe gained the victory and gradually regained her health. Paul Madden was quite as near death. The immersion he had received after his long attack of fever brought on a relapse, and the treatment of the gaol hospital was not of a character to assist him back to hoalth. The bedding, medicine and attendance were of the vilest, and it was little short of a miracle that he rallied. The thought lhat the girl he loved so dearly was near him seemed to give him su perhuman strength to combat the disease, however. When Nora O’Gorman was able to get about, "her first thoughts were of Madden. The captain made enquiries for her, and found that he was alive and working at the coal mines, and a week after the girl went to see him, and nearly fainted when Bhe beheld the wreck he was. Through the captain’s aid she managed to get an interview with the governor, and told him the whole history. \- When Governor Arthur heard her story he obtained a free pardon for Madden, who re covered. The couple were married at Hobart Town, and their-descendants still hold the ancestral borne in Galway. Next week ‘‘The Ghost of Headman’s Isle”;wilt appear, and will continue the' series of Convict Chronicles. This lovely ! isle was, and is, the burial place of Pori j Arthur prison. It is the last quiet resting-j place of many of the worst scroundrels the j bid country ever produced, and also of I many who really were not scoundrels at) all. ’ 7 t 