AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. Another crowded house testified to the gaining popularity of "The Gondoliers" at the Theatre Royal on Friday night. The per-<*> formance went excellently throughout, and the principals were called before the curtain at the dose of each act. Mr. H. J. Whittington, the treasurer of the Boyal, takes a well deserved holiday to recruit his health. Gabseb's Boons. The Stacey company were again well sup ported at this place of amusement on Friday, and the performance was received in the most favorable manner by all who were present. The Bore' Ixstitctk. A successful social was held on Thursday evening in the Victoria HaU, Gawler- place, in connection with Our Boys' Institute. There was a very good attendance of members and friends, and the parents and elder friends of some of the boys were also present The room was tastefully decorated with flags, flowers, and green stuff, "while some tables with pictures, curios, .and drawings added to the effect One table was set apart to show tile efforts of the drawing class, which is conducted by Mr. Thos. Gordon. Another exhibited some fine shells and minerals, lent by Mr. W. G. Grasby. In one comer was some work done by some of the use of tools class. Mr. Kirkham Evans read apologies from the Hon. J. G. Jenkins, the dent, and Dr. T. K. Hamilton, one of the vice-presidents. Two recitations were given by Masters George Hall and Jackson, members of the elocution class, and a song was given by Master J. Balfour. Messrs. Wright and Attridge gave an exhibition of club swing ing, and these two with Mr. A. Gapp, the leaders of the gymnastic classes, led a dozen of the members of their class through a series of exercises consisting of musical drill and parallel and horizontal bars. The general secretary of the V.M.C. A., Mr. J. J. Virgo, gave a resume of the work of the institute, drawing attention, to the advantages of the institute in the snaps of its various. classes, and noted especially the flourishing condition of tile Bible-class. V.M.C.A. Orchestra. A largely attended meeting was held in the V.M.C.A. rooms on Friday evening for the purpose of forming an orchestra in connection with the Y. M.C. A. musical society. Mr. J. J. Virgo presided, and explained the objects of the meeting. It was resolved that a V.M.C.A. orchestra be formed to be affiliated with the existing musical society. It was further decided <hat those present together with those who had consented to join be ad mitted into membership. Mr. T. J. Jeasop, the conductor, announced that 33 ladies and gentlemen were wfllrng to join. It was de cided that the officers be those already in ex istence in connection with tbejmnsicaljsociety, with Mr. Farrow, the leader of the orchestra, as ex officio member of the committee. Cyctorajla. There has been a very good attendance at the Cyclorama this -week. Mr.- Lockley's lec tures being much appreciated. Mcssicai. Ghost Illusion. Large numbers of people attended this place of amusement yesterday, the doors having to be kept open in the evening for an hour and a half beyond the usual time of dosing. To day the illusion will be represented to the Adelaide public for the last time, and those who have not yet witnessed it should certainly not miss it. 