General News. The Shooting Match between the Cairns Battery and Brigade takes place on Monday. At the Licensing Court on Wednesday, Sarah Jîyrne ivas granted a billiard license. A. J. Draper sells a consignment of prime bacon to-morrow at his mart, in large or small lots. Carbine has started on Ki occasions and was only beaten 10 times. He ran unplaced but once, and won in stakes no leas a sum than .£28,857. The cricket ,match that wa3 to take place on the Prince of Wales' Birthday has been indefinitely postponed. All hands training for the regatta. A small fire occurred in Mr. Stair's baking premises on Thursday evening, but was fortunately extinguished before any damage was done. The Victory leaves B. P. and Co's, wharf on Monday morning for Fitzroy Island. She will arrive at thc Island about ll a.m., starting on the return journey at 4 p.m. The Banks and Government offices will be closed on Monday on ao:ount of the birthday of the Prince of Wales. The Post and Tele- graph office will be open for an hour in the morning from nine, and in the evening from five. The Under-secretary for Lands has written informing the Municipal Council that instructions have been issued for the survey of the Esplanade through the Hall- way Reserve from Lake-street to Dutton street. Captain Howell, of the barque Largo Bay is still to remain among us. Thanks ti our delightful shipping laws we have only to make out a ease of the most trivial naturi! to prevent any captain entering our ports from carrying on their occupation for an indefinite time. At the Petty Debts Court on Wednesday the following ca-es were disposed of, verdicts being given for the plaintiffs:-Mirrilees v A. Harrison, board, XS. Council v W.. Horsley, rites, JC12 Gs SJ. Same v .T. Longwill, rates Ü20 3s Cd. Middlemiss v Brownlie, £1 9s 0.1. Same v F. L. Morris, £3 2s 9d. This Ghost business is getting a bit too serious, just as wo were going to press wc hear that Mrs. Hansen, the wife of our re- spected townsman, was confronted by this blackguard in a white sheet when going to get water from the tank. Judging from the general feeling in the town, vengeance on this man will be severe. This is not the only case of serious results caused by this idiot. A Public Meeting was held in the Divi- sional Hall last night, to put the Fire Brigade on a proper footing. The Mayor was in the Government to have the Cairns Fire Brigade gazetted, and to write to the Government and to the Insurance Co., and ask them to nominate two members each in accordance with the Act. This was all the business. We have been favoured with the result vf the Meteorological Observations taken at Kamerunga during October, 1S91 as follows : -Temperature-Maximum in shad..- Ol OJeg, onthelSth; minimum in shade 55 Oieg, on the Oth; mean daily maximum Sl3<ieg; mean daily minimum u'5"7deg; mean for the month 75-0deg. Rainfall for month 2"2^9in in 13 d rys ; greatest fall in 21 hours 0-525in, on the 20th, as against 2 790in, which fell during October, 1S90. Total rainfall since 1st January 122-338in. A meeting to arrange a reg-itta for Boxing Day was held at Dillon's Hotel on Wednes- day night. Mr. Lyon3 was elected to the chair. Mr. J. H. Horbes was appointed treasurer, Mr. Barr secretary, and Messrs. Dillon.O'ITaalon and Howley a sub-corn mit tee to canvass the town. A subscription list was opened in the room and .£19 lGs (xi col leted, Mr. Dillon heading it with £5 5s, and Messrs. Howley and Donegan each giving £3 3s. Another meeting will be held next \ Wednesday, when a permanent committee will be elected. Those who have watched the course of events from time to time and the threaten- ing attitude of Russia towards the Northern portion of India, can see before long an ad- vance or determined effort, either on their part or that of our Afghan allies, will bring about a collision. The nonsense we hear about a repetition of the Indian mutiny is absurd, as anyone who has spent any time in that country can tell. The network of railways and telegraph lines preclude any possibility of a recurrence of the mutiny of 1S57. Mr. T. N. Smith has thrown his lot in with us, and being the senior member of the old-established firm of T. N. Smith and Co., ot Charters Towers, should show ns that it is only new blood and energy that is required to make Cairns the emporium of the mining and agricultural North. We say this ad- visedly-the North has too long allowed the rciiatotiia-^t^tlà** gT«n» H...ÎH ci,^r^ of not only - producta but exporta, and we »iii take particular care that oar future business. relations will tend to our advance- ment, leaving the South to take care of itself. About two o'clock this morning, a cry of fire was heard in Abbott-street. On investi- gation it proved that Mr. Barry's Court House Hotel had had a very narrow escape. A pile of paper had evidently been alight underneath a wooden sate standing on tho back verandah. The floor, the wall and the safe were very much charred and hid it not been for Mr. Houstan, who fortunately noticed the outbreak the whole hotel must shortly have been in flames. Everyone in the hotel was sound asleep, and the fright Mr. Barry received can better be imagined than described. The general apinion seems to connect the appearances of the sup- posed ghost with this most singular occur- rence. It seems unsafe now to even go out- side ones own premises or retire to rest without preparing for something unusual. 