A DUBLIN HAMLET. "lomavthe opinion as Polonius whin he said, ' Don't tight wid ivry scutt for .the j>uro joy av fightin, but if you do, knock the nose oil liiui first an' frequint.'" "What do you know about Polonius," I demanded. This was a now side of Mulvaney's character. " All that- Shaliesjicare iver wrote an' a dale more than the gallery shouted. Did I not tell youav Silver's Theatre in Dublin, whin 1" was younger than I am now, an1 a patron of the drauia ! Ould Silver wud nevor. pay actor man or woman their just dues, ah' by consiquinee his oompinies was collapsible at the last miuut.' Thin the bboys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as not ould Silver made thim pay for the fun. - Eaitb, I've seen Hainlut played with a new lilack eye an' the Queen as full as a cornu copia. Xremimber wasn't Hogin, that "listed in ninri- IHfmnp: in' v/pla shnf: in SrtJifch in the Black Tyrone, an' was shot in South Africa, he eejuoiil ould Silver into givin' him Hamlut'e part instid av me that had .fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I wint into the galleiy an' began to fill tho pit wid other people's hate, an' I passed tho time av day to Hogin walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. 'Banilut, sezl, 'there's a hole in your heel. Pull up you stockins, Hamiut,' sez 1. ' Hum hit, Hamlut, for the love av daeincy drop that skuUan'pullupyourshtockins.' The whole house began to tell him that. He shtopped his sililoquishms mid-between. 'My ehtockin's may be comin' down or they may not,' sez be, sere win' his eyes into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. • But afther this performinco is over, me an' the ghost '11 knock the head avypn, Terence.' Eyah! Those days, those i days. Did you iver have onendin divilment an' notbin' at all in all your whole blissed life j to pay, sorr?" "Aever, without liaving to pay," I said. "That's thrue? Tis maue when youeon Gidher on it; but it's same wid. horse or fut. A headache if you drink, an1' a' belly-ache if - you ate too much, on' a heartache to kape .all down. Paith, the beast only gets the colic, an he a the lucky man. -Riidyaiu Kip 