THE 4fynti\btvlknA: jSJUflt** FKUITGHO'WEIiS1 ADVOCATE. Pariumatta, Saturday, . Seeiembee 5. . ; THE LESSON^; ©F THE ; ''.', BISECTION. The result of the late Central Cumberland by-election. fully confirmed the hopeful anti cipations wo indulged in, in last Saturday's js-uo. Mr. Beodie, scorning advice, rushed on a ruin that was even more complete than we hr.d imagined it would be. Only in Parra matta did he find any support worth speaking about, elsewhere his Bignally unwise deter mination to contest tho election at all hazards: piuceu imn xircruiiy out or ino running, auu wo are much mistaken if ho have not, more over, seriously jeopardised his future chances of -winning a seat for this electorate, seeing that it was through no action o( his that the Liberal miijority was saved last Saturday from gtavo danger of defeat. Mr. Bhodie's on'as tropho should be a warning to individual candidates not to turn a deaf ear to the coun sel of collective party opinion but to liston to it rather than to tho biassed judgment of egotism nnd selfwill. # #?' ' * * Mr. Gamiaed's success (attributed by a foolish contemporary to. tho cliqueistic tactics of a Tammany rinjr) w«s mainly due to the fact that he was the tolo candidate in tho field who possessed, in addition to tho important qualification of representing tho genoral viows of tho Liberal majority of electors, high per sonal reputation and considerable polilieul ex perience. Coming into the field as he did with the influence of the Government to back him, and with his own substantial personal qualifications, it was us clear as tho suu at noon day that for a constituency largely sympathetic wiih the critical Ministerial position ho was tho winning candidate. If Mr. Beodie had only recognised this — but wo have already dealt with that gentleman's error and its result. Mr. Gaeeaed polled well in every district of tho electorate. Though a ' foreigner ' he won more votes at Castll Hill and Dural thnn tho candidate- wltt-i: of those parts, to wit, Mr. Cyeus Edgab Fuller. At Granvillo, the head-quarters of the local Labor Party, .he scored nearly as heavily as the nominee of that Party himself. Everything in connection with the record of the votes polled for Blr. Gakraeb proves him to bo the deliberately chosen representative of all the soveral subdivisions of the constituency — Gran- villo contributing 200, Liverpool 102, Ryde 13G, Kookwood 111, Auburn 75 and Parra matta 132 (to say nothing of tho metropolitan votes) to his victorious total. o * * * If the votes scored By Mr. Gannon bo added to Mr. Marshall's total, wo simply get 1593 — nearly a hundred less than Mr. Gaeeaed's 1071\. Both Mr. Gannon and Mr. Marshall did betler than we expected them to do. 'When Granvillo becomes a one-horse con stituency tho Labour Party's nomineo will havo a good chance of being returned ; but till then wo should not advise either Mr. Gannon or Mr. Marshall to run again for Central Cumberland, Tho latter gentleman conceives that but for tho split in the Labour Party and for plural voting he would be now sitting for tho olectorato t'icc Gaeraed defeated. We leavo him alono with that self-pleasing imagination — not entertaining tho most in finitesimal portion thereof ourselves, sinco wo are firmly convinced that wero the election to come ovor again and bo holden under conditions most favorablo to tho Labor Patty, Mr GaimsAED would beat tho 'boat man it could put into tl.o field (let alono a Marshall) hands down.1. ? Mr. Taylor enjoyed a proud pre-ominence at Liverpool — and nowhero else Nino Parru mattans (making another tailor) had the surtorial temerity to vote for him. At Gran villo he got 11, and at Ryde It votes. Of the nietiopolitan total (045) ho managed to seoure 22\. It is doubtless to his credit that in the place Tshero he is best known he should score tho highest. What Liveipudliuns can see in tho man that so fascinates them wo know not. But there are the buld facts— a funny and rather rowdy little man of i.ot very powerful intellectual calibre so beloved of Liverpudlian? as to bo entered by them as llieir especial favorite for tho Central Cumberland slakes. Onco on a while Liverpool was a political power in Central Cumberlund. To-day, it is a wenkress— nnd nothing perohanco so emphati cally illustrates its declension from that power to this weakness as its lavishing of electoral sipporton a T. W. Taylor— as its deliberate considering that in the bands of such n man as ho its political reputation and public interest. would bo safe. Mr. Taylor polled 321 vote? altogether, a littlo more than half of which wero given him at Liverpool and Smithfield. * ? * ? « » Mr. Cyrus Edgau Fulleb, a nativo of the rural pait of the district wherein according to his own account he has toiled and moiled with a largo assortment of agricultural implements and other edged tools— a busitess man (lot t] say, philosophic prossmon — with ci -without ' ghosts') in Sydney and Purrumattn and one well known throughout tho electorate, thanks to his unblushing presumption and egotism, got a very bad beating indocd— polling actually ovor a thoitmud votca to than ho did in tho general election in Juno. Mr. Taylor scored highest whero ho was bo.-t known. With Mr. Fuller it was just tho reverse— a circumstance that reminds us of tho two good reasons for refusing to loan coin, tho first because you do not know tho would-be borrower ; tho second Wiiupo you tin. Of the 700 votes p.illed nl Blacktown, Castlo Hill and Durnl, Mr. Cyrus Ed5au Fuller (notwithstanding his pristine activities with the- crosscut and toramyhawk — t - grind) in thoso regions scooped in only 1 1 . In l\irramntta, whero his organ is ground oui twlco a week, benonth the shadows of tho trotting ponies, ho secured only 27 of tho 3S3 votes recorded. And in Sydney, whero an om poriumin tho stationery and hock line bus been run under tho prextitie of his 11:11110 for ye. rs, and whoro ho is us at least as well known by repute as say tho Hun. John Daviks, he pilled 25 out of the G42 votes recorded. At Granvillo ho only got 28 votes— at Ryde only 26— at Liverpool only 31. Tho real reason for Mr. Fuller's defeat is not far to seek. He lost nothing by oliqueism— nothing by Tammany ring devices — nothing by the Protectionists rallying to Mr. Gannon. His' own bombastio egotistic tactics helped to defeat him, in com bination with his character, whioh is not held in quite such high estimation by others as by himself : Once on a while he was* a coming man— atl'.nst it was thought so by, not a few observant pcMocs. Butbig-Iicad ruined what ever chances he had. Tprday nobody outside of that smallest possible clique whereof ho him self is head centre would stake a farthing on his chance of winning into Parliament. He is a going man, in short. Abilities ho never had; of opportunities ho has had many, but missed them all. : Tho public have long ago gauged him and found him wanting. In June last he polled for Central Cumberland 1449 votes; On Saturday last he polled 403 On tho next occasion that he contests a seat in the Assembly we venturo to say that he will poll many votes less than 403 - and not aavo ?' some other fel low's' £10, ? ? 