THE RED GHOST DANCE. (NEW s 70R WORLD, NOVEaBDn 2.) The snake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dance of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the holtiles, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify their treaties have all been described. The weird ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shos houes are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian miilennium has never been described, for the reason pro bably that it has never been witlnessed by a white maon. Aind in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped here and at Rosebud, as well as further to the west and north, in Colorado anid Montana, it is doubtful if ally white man known to have een a ghost dauce would live to talk or writemuch about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the whiteman first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And the power to work out this tremnendous consumiatlon iss to come from the wooderful Messiah, the Red Salviour, reported I months ago to have come down from the happy hunting grounds and lighted oi tlhe top of a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in the wild country on the borders of the National Park. That much atlarm is felt by the white men hereabouts who understantd the matter is hovwn by the gravity with which the situation is dis cussed. The Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in theircabins and tepees, and pursuing their cus tomnary loafing and visits to the agency build ings, act as though under a spell. The Indian agents themselves, who are in the main careful and experienced men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation. Exs-Agent Charles P. Jordan, inow licensed trader a fI osebud, looked troubled wheno asked the attitude of Ogalalla Sioux. into which banod he married, and in which he hold tihe rank of "White Chief." He said thte Indians were his brothers and so were the whites, and he holped forpeace. But he did notquiet the fears of my informant, who succeeded last evening in get ting a glimpase of a ghost lance in progres at the big camp, several miles from thlis agency, where the most fanatical apostles of the neow Messiah are said to have made their appear The situation at the famous Standing Rlock Agency), where Sitting Bull has been ended vouring to raise a revolt on the strength of tile prom.ised aid of the New Messiahl, is even imore Sserotious than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Agisent M'Lausghlin has iudeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on thle general dis affection, showing the alarming extentto whlich it prevails. Sitting Bull and Kiicking Horse, the great Sious prophet, are about equally re spolnsible for it. 'they predict the arrival of the lRed Men's Millennium as not later than the growth of the new grass in March, 1891. It is saidthat Red Cloud, the ablest and wisest of all the Stoux chiefs, revealed the plot to MM'Laughlin. Sitting Bull, whio has long been incapacitated by illness from active chieftait? ship, has regained his strength, and is fero t ciously desisous of a war against the " pale Sfaces." He points to his warli;e feata on the battle-field of tle Little Big HIorn, where Custer and his troop were exterminated, andt has formed a band of 3i0 avengers, mostly j young bucks, whom he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of the resto ration of the Sioux nation to its supremacy ill the North-west. fHis braves rely on his pro. mine that all the dead Siousx will rise frma their graves and that their numbers, witih thesere inforccments, will be amply suficieintto drive 1out atnd wipe out" the white manuc even were they not to receive direct supernatural aid, described later on in this letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kickiug Horse goes so far as to say that he has made a personal visit to the lhaply hubting grounds thlroghl a " hole in thl clouds," and that he there beheld untold thou sandsl of red warriors allin war paint, armed withl their lances and bows and arrows, aid anointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet troof should the cwltes dare to show fight. But Kiicking Horse professes to belie-e that the white man will be so overawed by the nlumbers of the returlning braves that they will retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irrecon cilables, as lRed Cloud does the " progressive" Inlians, is supposted to be the chief whom the Great Spirit will commissoni to lead the red men to victory. In the rwakes of their trium pliant progress the grass will grow waist-high and the prairies be thick with buffalo and ante. lope. The story that Sitting Bull has been -snder the spiritualistic intlience of a " Mrs. C. Weldou. of Brooklvyn," who came here to see him ill lSS9, and has had communication with the Great Spisit through her, is believed to be withlout foundation. The ghost dance seems to be intended as a solemn inotification to the Indian deid that they are now needed on earth to help the remlasut of their people exterminate the whites and seize their own againi. It is also a ceremonial welcome, in anticipation of the returnings braves, and it is at the same time a dirge. Whether the white men, who are all to die when the Messilah makes his alpearance, are mourned inadvance in the dirge movement of the chant which is part of the ghost dance eaems hard to surmise. Butthl wild strains, whlich myn informanst's half-breed instructor ill these ghostly mysteries said foretolt the red men's tinal trilumph, were, accordinig to lis de scription, certainly ferocious enough to osatisfy thi wilds st ecnsotion- lovr. The comnli this friendly half-breed led his white companions to spy uteon is in a hollow surrounded bylow bare tills: Frotn tummnit to summic across the valley wouln perhaps be a mile. The waggoas of the braves - nauny of tllheu as farulcers and freighters snow have their horses and rwaggon,--are corralled inlthei cetire of tie valley. A fringe ei rntsaisrts the borders of tile camp, lnd aScoe or so of painted tepees are the lodgintg places of the irreconcilable oldt squaws anad tucks. who have nevergivenin to " progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like whitopeosle. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs anld chickenis Sissued to these Indians by the Government for Ireeding purposes-for in the eve of thloelaw most of them are farmers--halove en driven into the valley also, and are larilted or coolpedl on the outskirts of thie camp, where they are oing ksltlesd und eaten at a rapid rate. Thei atmosllhoer sc-was dalnk and lusurky when, two nights ago, my half-breed friend set out for thie camp. After an hour'slaborious twalk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hilltothe west of tile c:mtuwas reached about 0 o'clock. Tihe lightss of tile camp fires, onwchich the evening meal isad bhen cooked, were gradually allowed to die out and several old ssquasws could ulninly be seen moving igi and out among the darl;enillng embers. About three isndred yards east of the foot of the hiill ot which thie spies were seated in a clump of stunted eveargreenswas an elnci s5pace, of an acre i exstent, toswards which the squasse seemes d now urging, now driving th, rest of tie band. Around the outer rim of thlis opsen space fires were kindled of wood that seenetd to have bees smudged, as there was little or no ltame, oilei a doll red glosw and a profuse pale grey smoke, cwhich. rising from all sides at ollece, forled asort of canopy over the scene, through this cloudt by tits and starts thIe old sqslaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of the expanse, with thie younger bucks and squnws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row weru kineeling, the squaws behind themn sit ting. and the yountger bucks standing vbelind them. Then the old squaws retired to the western edge ot the open ground, whelre they were screened fraom observation by the kusb, tul remained out of sight for about tei minutes. Duriltg this time the picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seenby the ssmouldering light of tlhe fires built in a long oval about forty feet infront of the lille, the warriors, with their women anid children be hind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waititng-just cwhat for the half-breed on the- hill didn't know. Wiren a fire would lburn up too bright atd illuminate too clearly the solemn groupe inear it, a squaw would go and pull thle fugots away from the coals and subdue the flames. When the old squaws returned they joined hands and knelt down to the centtre of the open. They began chacting what sounded at first lilke a death song, but tnow and again swelled into savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while the chant was going oni, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands in a larger circle around the old squaws, began the ghostdantce. Their chant was less shrill than that started by the esquaws and was not so plainly heard. s portion of it seemedlamentation for their dead; thencame the invocation to the dead to arise and come help their brotheren extermiriate the white mon. Theisquaws had not been observed to leave the circhld they had formed, but as the warriors' I chant swelled into what thie half-breed said was the invocation to lthe departed Siouxs to come back to eith~G- the old hags, I on by one, stole like shadows under the linked .irms of thIlmbraves, eachwith a burningt stickin h8r shrivelled hand, the light from shihh fell with grey ghastliness on her painted faie..: ThisJight fodr the first time made visible I to:thotether the fanM the bl-avesthom - celves, and it was now ereen that they were in full war paint. THE Bo C?nEP AEn AGErNTo . The old women passed through the circle like a procession of spectres, each earryiog a taper of grave'wax. tolight her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface ,f the valley. At all events that was what their will peformance Iookedlike from the hill-top, and before the processionhad more thanhalf passed through the circle the smoke grew so thick led the clouds above the vallev so dense that the half-breed spydeclared the immediate necessity of a return to the Ageuncy. Erough had been seen of the ghost dance, whichi hadl then barely be gun, for report says it lasts well into the morning, and itlced till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out clearly at ileastone significant fact. Atnd that was that the bucks had war paint on their faces. There is talkl here that the Miormoes are en couraging the Colorado, lontana, Utahl, and Idaho indiians to look forward to tlii extermi nation of the soldiers, agents, and all the white men in autholarity--except the Mormoat--when thelRed Saviour comes. ThaitE trange Itndians who miay have come from the ~ies, and may oven claim to have been in the iammediate vicinity of the new MIessiah, have recently joined the Sioux at these agencies is isdis. putable. They aire spoken of as apostles of tihe new religion, and it is ey their advice that the Indians have gathered into camps, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dantcing-- until te Millennium APOSTLES OF Tea NEW CREED. The excitement began among the 3: ouxs at tihe great couniIcil of the Sioex nation, held about the mididle of September on Bad River, some fifteen miles above Pierre, S. Dak. Whliite snen were excluded froes the council, jeust us they are from the ceremonies in the camps in this vicinity, but a very well inforned gentletmat, namsed W. T. Tomkins, who has rniddcn it ptursuance of iris susiness sduring the past few weeks through a greatdeal of the Sioux country, says that this fanatical mania which seemss to hIave taid hold of the Dakota red man is the directresult of the ex hortations of the Indian emissaries from sIon tana, where the Messiah was said first to have been seen last spring. Who in the East had supposed that this strange agitation about a MIesiah had reached such a pitch among the Red men thatemissa tries were actually despatched many hundrteds of miles from one tribe to another to urge them to make reidy for the appearance of their " Redeemer !" And who lha-syot heard thisIndiausMessiah's creed? Its main article is the belief that the Spresent surface of the North American conti tent will be covered thirty feetdeep by a new stratum of soil, which shall be inhatbited by Indians only. and be thick with game as were theprairies before thewhite mancrame. Bleneath this new stratum the white man and his cities and his railroadtls and his steuamboats and his civilisation shall be buried, in the twinklineg of ean eye, uand the New World seall boas if it had never known him, or at least as it was 300 years ago. But the Iodians--and here is a , strange thlng-l-shall not be whelmed in the Sgeneral ruin. They will be endowed with a supenatural strength to wrestle with the dificutlties of the occasion, and will squirm though the new soil until, after much labour and maey fears and lamentations, thoIedmausharll ait last struggle out to the new surface of the inew earth where they willfind granss waist high antd immense herds of bufalo, antelope, and wild horses ready at hand ! SThllere is somethilg touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red man must ipass through his purgatory-the inew earth stratum. No pale face will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of these Elysin Fields, nor will the game die out or be driven away. Visions of these veritable Happy Hunting Grounds are seen in the ghoat diace by the warriors, who Sspin around in a religions delirium untld they 1 fall in a trance. In this trance the lghosts of the dead braves and departed chiefs are said to come and tell them of the new glories to crown the redr man. This by some is said to give its name to the dance. t GENEAL INDIANS DISTO.BACTCES. The outbreak of the White River Utes, who have left the reservation in Utah and gsone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general uprising preliminary to the appearaInce in ltheI flesh of lithe Isdian Messiah. It is known that the Xez Perces near Mullen. Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at that town and presented a formal dc. usmandthat the whites leave the country, "to which they have no title." These are the same I Nez Perces who took part ii theo massacro of 1877\. They are dissatisfied with their reserva tion atLa Pivia, ansd are said to threaten again to overruo tlhat vast stretch of northern Idaho known as CamesPrairie. The exctiement among the Cheyoennes, Kiowas, and Comanches is scarcely less. Cap tain Trimbleton, of the Sevelnth 'nited States I Cavalry, Comeuntndantat Fort Sill, is known to have declared within a few weeks that in his opiniotn " thIe greatest Indiant uprisini of recent times is certain to come soon," as "the Indians have got the idea that the Great MIedicine iasu is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to them the ownvership of the country." Cantaiu Trimbleton is known as a man of experience iand discretion. Htisdeclaratiou that the 5,t0 Indians about Fort Sill have renounced Chrietianity sad entered upon a series of incan tationc and fanatical orgies is certaiely worthy of note. Whether or not the Goversment soluld toublo the frontier rarrisons is a ques tion for the Governsuent to decide. AEt TIIE SIOUX SaRuVt'G ? The opinioni in this part of lDaklota is that the Sioux have been so badly treated by the Govceinment lately that their di?sle'ction has much to justify'it. The settlers along tihe edges of the great Sioux reservation areC un doub'tedly olarmcd. These are tile facts, to which there is abun danit testimony, on which it is said the Sioux imake out a strong case in equity against Uncle S:tm. In June, 1889, the Sioux sised a treaty for tie cession of a part of their reservation to the Goverrmenit. They have not received one cent of the eiinsidcratiion due tihem for that ces sion. General Crook was withl the commisstion that secured their signatures to tie treaty: General Crook had been tiheircnrqueror. and after'wards their benefactore ardt friend. Theo knew him tand believed in him, andthere is n;, doubt that it was owing very largely to his in lIuence that the treatv was rcatifid. it was General CVeok who promised the Sioux that the Gocersmsent would pay them in full 'ind promptly fortheir lands, and that their rights should be respected. The Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the United States Goerenment, notabl wthe illthe attempt, that so neaerl resulted. its 17S, in war, swas tmade to remove them by force to thIe Ilis souri tIvcr, but ther trusted Crook. -Now that Crook is ldead the chiefs say tiet his Govern ment has faiiled absolutely to carry out his piro mises. Owhingp to the delay in the passage by Con .ress ot the Inldin -Appropriation Bill not only ithe Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and thie supplies due it July have not yet been sent out to tihem. As a re suit tthey listen all the more eagerly to the emissaries who have come front that part of Montana where tle Mfessiah is said to Ihave been seen. The idea of an approaching millennium andthe extinction of the whiles renders the reservatioun Indians all the more willing to eat their breedmig sheep, cattle. and fowls, and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies-Pine RIidge and Ilosebud--are re. ceiving searcely anything at all, even under 1 the reduced census apportionment, isstead of thie full rations they are entitled to. All this time since July the Government sup plies cut here have been, of course, diminishisg. There will soon be nothing at all on hand to feed the Indians except scanty rations of beef. Suppose, als has been the case in tise past. extra t rations of beef were issued to take the place of the rations of flour, etc., for which there is Inow no material on hand. The result would be certain starvation, for then the beef also would give out. C Itis oulees to attemptto reason with starving C Indians, especially whel the mysterious apostles from Montana and Utah hiave succeeded it convincing hundreds of thSiute Sioux thatwhen the Messiah appears their struggle for their rights will at last be crowned with success, and the hated whites and lying Govermoent agents will boepunished as they deserve. Why shouldthey I and their children starve in a land of h plenty P tlRseed, aman officially acquailted withthe Siouxfortwenty-five years said to me vester-. day : ." Broken treaties, delayed appropriations anel religioaus frenzy have combined to make the o Indians feel that the worst has come to the I worst, and that even if no Moesiah casme they I might as welldie fighting, with their wives and claistren around them, as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that p owes them a living and hasabundant meansto pay that debt were it o disposed. By the very failure to deliver theth'.their supplies inlJuly, when they were due, tht Government has, as a last stroke of cruelty, deprived the Sioux of the H opportunity to earn money by freightins these ] ,upplies. There was nothing to haul, so they haveboen'deprived not only of their Govern. - ment food, but of almost their only opportunity c to make money enough to buy food elsee- C wvhere. . . Pt 