CHAPTER II.-A BOATING TRIP. It wu» uol yet evening, but the sun was very low in th« west on our right hand ; there would bc a large moon rising a little while before eight ; thc breeze continued to blow strong and thc ocean rolled into the land in Wll dark-groen lines of waves, melting as they charged in endless succession into wide spaces of foam, orange-coloured hy the sunset. " Do you hear that echo of thunder in the cliff I told you about?" said my buslmnd. I listened und said " Yos." " It is like a distant tiring of gnus," said Mary." " There are some good bouts down there dancing beside the pier," said my husband to thc boatman. " Ay," answered the boatman, " you'll need to "sail a long way round thc coast to find better boats than them.". "That is a pretty boat, Mary," said I, pointing to one with, two masts-a tall mast in the forepart and a short mast in thc stern ; she was painted green and red, and she was very clean and white inside, and she appeared in toy eyen the prettiest of all tho boats as she dived and tumbled and leaned buoyantly and not without grace, upon the sharp edge of the broken water. " That's roy boat, lady," said the sailor. " What is der name ? inquired Mary. "The Mary Hann!" be answered. "I named her after my wife. My wife is genie dead. I've got no wife now but she," and he pointed with his thumb backwards at his boat, "aud she's but a poor wife too. She aims little enongh for me T'other kept the home together with taking in washing, but nobody comes to Fiertown now. Folks want what's called attractions. But thei-îjocal Board'il do eothen except buy land ea belongs j to the men who forms the Local Board, and thc tikes of me has to pay for that there laud and when lt's bought fur five times as much as its worth lt's left waste. Lord, the job- bery ! Are ye making any stay here, sir?" "Yes," answered my husband, "we are here for a mouth." " And when might ye have urrived ?" in quired the boatman. " To-day," replied my husband. "Theres Borne very good fishing to be had here,sir,"said the boatman,'" If I may make so bold, whenever you wants a tripont, whether for fishing or rowing or sailing, ff so be as you'll ask for me, my name being William Kitchens, best known as Bill Hitchen«, pro- nounced in one word-Billitchcns : for there's parties herc as'll swear they didn't know who you were asking for if you don't call me Billitchcns-if you ever want a boat, sir, and you ladies, if you'll ask for Billitchcns you'll meet with satisfaction. There's nothen to touch the Mary Hann in sailing, whilst for fishing she sits as Bteady as a rock, as yon may guess, sir, by observing ker beam." "When I want a boat I Will ask for Billit- chcns," said my husband, glancing at me with a smile in his eye. Thu lady-my wife -is fonder of the sea than I am. I dare say she will sometimes take a cruise with you. But the weather must be fine when she does so." " You trust tho weather to me, lady," said thc boatman. " Man and boy far over forty eight year I've been a crawling about this beach and a studying the weather. You leave bim to me. Whenever you want a cruise yon ask for Billitchens and the Mary Hann, and if the weather ain't promising for the likes of such a lady as you, you shall have the truth." "What aro your charges?" said my hus- band. " Vun and sixpence an hour," answered thc boatman ; " but if you'd like to engage my boat by the week ye shall have her at your own price, giving me so much every time ye takes me along." "Is she not heavy to row?" said I. " Lord love ye ! he cried, gazing at his boat with a sour smile of wonder at the ques- tion. "A binfant could send her spinning. " Sides," he added, " I'll take care to ship a pair o' light oars for you, lady, vol's called sculls, nigh as light as this here baccay-pipe." " Well, good afternoon, Mr. Hitchens," said my husband, and we strolled in thc direction of our home, for the shadow of the evening was now upon the sea and the strong wind seemed to have grown very cold on a Budden. However, before we retired to rest the night fell silent, the sea stretched in a dark sheet, and from our windows, so high scated was the house, the ocean looked to slope steep into the sky as though indeed it were the side of a mighty hill. The moon rode over it and under the orb lay a column of glorious silver which stirred like tho coils of a moving ser- pent as the swell or the heave of the water ran through it. The dark body of a ship passed through tbst brilliant path of light as we stood looking, and the sight was beautiful. My little ones were sleeping woll. Johnny slept in our room and baby with the nurse, for my husband could not bear to be disturbed in his sleep. I looked at my boy and asked my husband to tell me if he did not think there was already a little bloom on Johnny's cheek ; and I kissed my child's sweet brow and golden hair. But it was long before my eyes closed in sleep. I lay hearkening to the dull subdued thunder of thc surf beating upon the beach far below at the foot of the cliffs. It was a new étrange noise to me, and I lay hearkening to it as though to a voice mutter- ing in giant whispers out of thc hush of mid- night ; and when al last I fell asleep I dreamt that I was in thc Mary Ann and tiiat Dill Hitchens was steering tue boat, and that she wassailing directly up the liueofgloriouesilver under the moon ; and I remember that I asked him in my dream how long it would take to reach tbe moon, that as we sailed waxed bigger and bigger ; but instead of answering he put his kuucklcs into bis eyes and bogan to sob and cry, and 1 awoke to hear little Johnny calling to mo to take him into my bed. And now followed days os happy as light hearts and bright skies and good health could render them. The weather continued splendid. Sometimes it was as hot as ever it had been during thc month of July in the city of the Abbey Church. The neighbourhood was plcasaut-a country of woods and verdant dingles and swelling pastures-ami wc made many excursions ; anil in particular did wc enjoy a visit to sonic old ruins which bad once been au abbey ; but now its windows yawned, its roof was gout, large portions of iu masonry had füllen, ile floor was n tangled growth of rank grass and weeds. We listened lo the wind whistling through these ruiiiB ! Wc lintracri with buted breath and with raised imaginations, for thc noise nf lie wind was likc^thc chanting of friars inter- mixed with u thin wailing of womcn'ti voices : und as I listened I could not help thinking to myBflf that it was ns though thc ghosts of long departed inoukB und chaste and holy nuns bad viewlessly assembled round nhuut us to sing some solemn dirge, and that' if our Bight were as fine a sense as our hearing-if indued we could nc thu invisible as wcïair it-wc might Iwhold thc vision of the building itself spi'uad over our heads, and on either hand of us in roof, glorious coloured window-in sepul- chral monument. Herc it was that my little Johnny, in run- ning from mc towards thc grass which grew upon what had been the pavement of this ancient abbey, tripped and fell and lay scream Ing-as though fearfully huit. Mary took him up ; he waa not' hun. My husband looking into thc grass to observe what hud tripped the child put his hand upon something, grey and picked up a little skull. 1 " Good dod !" he cried, casting it from him with a shudder, " let us got away from this place !" Dut Mury remained liehind, alone, for some minutes with her eyes bent u]»n the little skull, musing upon it. Though wu made several inland excursions our chief haunts were the pier and thu beach. Oh, those were happy days indeed. My sister and I would take camp stools down on to the sands and long mornings did we thus pass, iny husband moving indolently herc and there, smoking, exnmiuing pools of water, stooping to pick up a shell, .Johnny scooping with a stick ut my side, baby sleeping in thc urine of thc nurse. There wc would sit and watch the quiet surface of thc sea tliat incited into the blue ail' where thc sky caine down to it, mid gaze at thc oncoming breaker poising its tall emerald green head for a breathless instant like some thunder and snow and roaring seawards in a cataract of yeast. Wc seemed-indeed I believe we were-the only visitors in thu place. Nobody intrudud upon us ; the milos of sand were our own ; Robinson Crusoe's dominion was not more absolute. Tho boatman named William Uitchcns had called at the house early in thc morning to know if wc would go for a nice little Ball or row during the day, but the answer I sent by the servant was, not yet. I was in no hurry to go for a nice little sail or row. When I was on thc sands thc sea was so close to mc that it was almost the same as being on it ; and thc novelty of having the sea feathering to my feet in white and broken waters re- mained too great un enjoyment for some days to induce a wish in me for wider experiences. And then «gain neither Mary uor ray hus- band had thc least taste for boating, so that if I went I must go alone. I was not even able to have my children with mc, for thc nurse declared that the mere looking from the boich ut a boat rocking upon the water made her feel ill, and I dared not, single-handed take tbe children, for how could I, holding thebuby, have looked after little Johnny, who was always on the move, crawling here, and creeping there, and who was juBt the child to wriggle on to a seat of the boat and tumble overboard whilst my head was turned ? However, after we had been at Piertown five days we walked down to thc sands as UBual after breakfast, and as wc passed the entrance of thc pier Bill Hitchens approached us pulling at a grey lock of hair that nuns over his forehead under an old felt bandit-shaped hat. i nhout to strike, ere tumbling in " A beautiful morning for a Bail or a row, lady," said he, addressing himself to mc ns though he had long before made up his mind that there was no custom to be got out of my husband and my sister; "why not venture fur an hour, mum ? There's as pretty a little off shore vind ablowinc as could bc wished. Aud look how smooth the water is. Only let mc draw you clear of this hero ground swell and ye won't know you're afloat. Or if you don't like sailing I'll put a small oar into the boat, and with me rowing agin ye, lady, ye shall see how light a boat she is. "Go, Agnes," said my husband, observing that I looked wistfully at the water. "Come, Mary," «aid I. " No, dear," she answered. " I am certain to suffer from headache afterwards. " " Why don't you come along, sir ?" said the boatman to my husband. " Because I am very well, thank you, liill itchens, and I wish to remain well," answered my husband. "I will go," said I, and instantly the boat- man was in motion. He ran with uncouth gestures to a ladder that descended the pier side, disappeared down it, and presently emerged in a little skiff which he propelled with an oar over the stern. Having arrived at his boat, which was moored in the middle of the small harbour-if I may so term the space of water within the embrace of tho crooked arm of the pier-he freed and brought her to same steps. I entered, perhaps a little nervously, sat down, and Bulitcheiu, throwing his oars over, pulled thc boat out to sea. Little Johnny screamed and wept, imagining that I waa leaving bim for ever. I kiBsëd my hand and waved it to him, and Mary taking the little fellow in her arms comforted him. Now out of that simple English scene of coast life, out of thc familiar commonplace experience of a boating trip, what, if it were not death, what should bo able to shape itself so potent in all horror as to utterly and abso- lutely shipwreck my happiness and make a frightful traeedy of my life? Death it might well have been ; again and again small sailing boats are capsizing and their inmates thrown into the water and drowned ; but worse than death was to befall me. When I close my eyes and behold with the vision of my mind the scene of that little town, the terraces of the cliffs, though I am able to connect thu long chain of circumstances link by link, thc memory of the disaster and all that fallowed thc disaster affects mc even at this instant of time with thc violence of a paralysing revela- tion. I know the post to be true and still I gaze dumbly and with terror backwards in- capable of crediting it. But the dreadful misfortune that was to overwhelm me did not happen at once. No ; my short excursion that morning I thoroughly enjoyed. All was safe, well, and delightful. I told the boatman to keep somewhat close in to theshoie, and I held my husband and Bister and children in view all the while. The boat- man rowed leisurely, and my dear ones on the shore kept pace with the boat until they had arrived at their favourite spot on thc sands, where they seated themselves and watched me. I rowed a little, and found thc oar the man had placed in the boat for my usc very light and manageable; but I plied it unskil- fully ; indeed I was but a wretched oarswoman. Yet it amused me to dip thc blade into thc water, however clumsily, and to feel that the boat received something of her impulse from the swing of my figure. Bill Hitchraa talked much, and had I heeded his conversation I might have found his queer words and odd thoaghts and expressions amusing, but I was too much occupied with my oar, and with looking at the group on the sauds, and with admiring the coast to attend to his queer speech. And indeed we were just at such a distance from the coast as enabled me to witness in perfection its incom- parable romantic beauties. Thc cliffs rose in dark and rugged ramparts, and their gloomy mussy colours were peculiarly defined by thc linc of white surf which, thc fall of thc breakers being continuous, seemed fixed as though painted along thc foot of thc coast. Thc wiudowns of tue house wc occupied sparkled over thc edge of thc heights, but the structure was so high lodged, the altitude of it from thc sea appealed so prodigious, that spite of tho softening shadow of trees behind it, mid spite of its quaint and cosy shape, it liad un odd, w ild, windy look to my eyes, and I wondered as I gazed at it that it had not been levelled long ago by one of the many hurricanes of wind which Bill Hitchens told thundered across the ecu and against the land in wintertime blind with snow and black with flying scud. And the towu made me think of Tennyson's description of a coastal villuge, for there was a frosty sparkle upon thc houses as though they were formed of rock Bait. The sky was a deep blue, anil I noticed that it seemed to tremble and thrill w here the bend of it disappeared past thc edge of thc cliffs as if the dye of thc cliffs themselves were lifting ami sifting into it and deepening thc beauty of its hue just there. The water was every- where Bashful with tho light wind that was blowing from thc land. Presently the boat- man said : Lady, let me gi' you a hit of a sail ?" I consented, mid bc took my our from inc and luid it in thc Ima I, then loosed a big sail that luy upon the seats and hoisted it, and afterwards he set a little sail ut the stern, and then sat down at thc tiller and steered, making I .thc boat skim along on a line with thc beach, My dear ones flourished their hands to mc. This was enjoyment indeed 1 Thc boat seemed to mc to sail wonderfully fast ; I looked over the stern and preeeiveä that Bhc left behind her a long furrow as beautiful with its ornamentation of foam and bubbles and eddies as a length of rich lace. Hitchcns sailed the boat to and fro and all the time lio was bidding me observe what a beautiful boat she was, how there was nothing whatever to bo afraid of, how in «itch a boat as thc Mary Hann, as bc called har, a party of, people might sail round thc United Kingdom m perfect comfort and security. "Only make it vurth my vile,""«aid he, "and Id go to Aincrikcy in this herc boat. Make it vurth my rile, lady, and I'd double thc Harn in her. Ainerikey was discovered by folks os would have swopped their precious eyes for Buck a boat as this here to make the voyage in. I don't «peak of Australey, for Cook he bad a ship, but I've hecred tell of Columbus ; there's one of us chaps as has read all about that gent and his always ayarning about Him ; andower and ower I've heard him say that that there Columbus would have swopped his precious eyes for thc likes of such a boat as thc Mary Hann fur to make his discovery with." In this manner Bill Hitchcns discoursed about 11 LB boat as he sat beside the tiller with his head well between bis shoulders and his back rounded like a cat's at thc sieht of a dog. After this I uss continually malting excur- sions with Bill Hitchcns. Having got to know bim I never would hire another in his place. Jndccd be took care that nobody should supplant bim, and called for orders every morning with the punctuality of thc butcher or thu grocer. Often would I go out twice a day so keen was my enjoyment of the pastime of sailing and rowing. Twice my husband accompanied mc. but after thu second time he told me bc had had enough, and he went no more in the boat. Once I coaxed Mary into joining me and in less than five minutes the boatman was obliged to put her ashore, and when I returned two hours later I found her motionless on the sofa with a sick headache. The behaviour of the boatman did not belie thc character I seemed to find written in bis face. He proved a very honest, civil, deserving fellow, possessed of a quality of sourness that imparted n particular relish to his old manner of speaking. I did not fear to be alone with this man. I had every confidence in his judgement and prudence. He was allowed by his comrades of the beach to be one of the smartest boatmen on the coast. My husband ascertained this, and be also agreed with me in my opinion of the fellow's respectability, and day after day I would enter the boat and my husband would stand watching me with- out thc faintest misgiving of any sort in cither of us. On several occasions Hitchens carried me ont to BO great a distance that the featuies of the land were indistinguishable, and these long trips I enjoyed most of all; they were like voyages, and whon I stepped on the shore I would feel as though I bau just arrived from thc other side of the world. We had now been a day over three weeks at Ficrtown. Thc weather had continued fine and warm throughout-in truth a more beauti- ful October I never remember-and we had all beaefittcd vastly by the change. But on the ?norning of this day my husband received a letter. He opened it, read it attentively, and exclaimed tome across the breakfast table " I shall have to leave you for a couple of days ! "Why?" I asked. Ho passed the letter to me ; it was a business letter addressed to him by his clerk. The nature of the business does not concern us : enough that thc call was important and peremptory. The business, my husband said, would certainly detain him in Bath until the hour of the departure of a late train on the following night, if indeed he should then be able to return. I packed his hand-bag and Mary and I walked with him to the Railway Station. I kissed him and we parted. My sister and I returned home to take the children to the sands. We passed the morning under thc cliffs, talking and reading and playing with the children. It was a bright day, but I afterwards remembered noticing that the sky was wanting in the beautiful clear vividness of hue it hud worn on preceding days. The azure had a somewhat dim and soiled look, such as one might fancy it would exhibit in a very fine thin duststorm. lalsoaf terwards remembered having observed that there was a certain brassiness in the glare of the sun, as if his light were the reflection of his own pure golden beams cast by a surface of burnished brass or copper. TbeBC things I afterwards recollected that I had noticed, yet I do not remember that I spoke of them to my sister. Wc dined at one o'clock. The road from our house to the sands carried us psst the entrance to the pier. As wo leisurely strolled Bill Bitchens lifted his breast from the post which he was overhanging and approached us with a respectful salutation of hu band to his brow. " Will you be going out this arternoon, lady?" he asked. " My husband has been called .away," I roplied " and I do not feel as if I should care to go upon the water during his absence." " You will Und the afternoon tedious, dear," said Mary. " It's a beautiful day, lady," saidithe boat- man. "Thore's a nice little air o'wind stirring. Couldn't ask for a prettier day for a sail, lady," " It is somewhat cloudy," said I, directing my gaze at the sky. "Fine weather clouds, lady," said the boat- man, " Keep your sight upon 'em for a bit and you'll find they're scarcely moving." " That is true," said I. " If you go," said Mary," I will take Johnny and baby for a drive." " You'll soon be leaving Piertown, lady, worse luck !" said the boatman with an insinuating grin. "This here fine weather ain't agoing to last either. It won't bc long afore we'llbe lying our boats up. It may bc blowing hard to- morrow, lady, and it may keep on blowing until your time's up for retarniug." I reflected" and said : " Well, Hitchcns, you can get your boat ready for mc by half-past two or a quarter to three. I shall be bock by four," said I, addressing Mary as wc proceeded homo, "and by that time you will have returned. Do not keep baby out later than tour." And we talked of my husband and on home matters us wc climbed the road that lcd to the level of the cliff. Ata quarter past two I was ready to walk to thc peir for a trip which I thought might likely enough prove my last, and which was not to exceed an hour and a quarter. I was dressed in the coBtume in which IiiBually made these excursions : in a blue serge dress, a warm jacket, and a sailor's hat of grey straw. An old-fashioned carriaitc stood at thc door waiting for Mary and the nurse and children. I took baby in my arms and kissed her, and I lifted Johnny und kissed him and saw thc little party into thc carriage, which drove off. I lingered a minute or two. A strango sense of loneliness suddenly possessed me. I cannot imagine what could have caused it, if it were not the silence that followed upon the carriage driving elf, together with tho thought that my husband was away. I entered thc little parlour to ascertain thc time by the clock on thc inautel-piece, for my watch having stopped I had left in my bed- room. Upon tho table lay a pair of baby's shoes, and a horse and cart that my husband had bought for Johnny was upon the floor. As I looked at these tilings I was again visited by un unaccountable feeling of loneliness. But it could possess no possible signification to me, and passing out ol the bouse I cloted the hall door ami walked briskly down to tho pier. Tho boat was ready. I entered lier and Hitchcns rowed out of the harbour. -Thc sur- face of thc wator was smooth, for thc small breeze of the morning had weakened yet and was now no moro than a draught of air ; but thc sea undulated with what sailors call "a. swell,1' upon which the boat rose and sank with a sensation of cradling that waa singularly soothing to me. ? The horizon was somewhat misty, and I observed that the extremities of the coaBt on either hand tn thc distance were blurred, showing indeed as though they were mirrored, tn a looking-glass upon which you had slightly breathod. "It looks somewhat foggy out upon the sea,' said I. " Nöthen but heat, lady, nothen but heat. I like to seo fog myself with thc wind out nt no'thc. When that huppcus with linc weather it sillines that line weather's agoing lo last." Thc figures of a few boatmen idly lounged upon thc esplanade. A man in a white apron smoking a pipe stood at the door of oue of tho public nouses watching us as the boat receded. A coastguardsman, stick in hand, leaned over the edge of the pier gazing down at thc little cluster of boats which swayed upon the gently heaving water of thc harbour. Thc sun shone upon a bright gilt sign of a cock or bird of some sort over thc door of ono of thc public houses ; and next door to this sign was another the painted head and bust of a woman eagerly inclining forwards with the rightarm advanced and a wreath in her band. It had probably been thc figure-head of a shin. These little details of tue picture I re- member remarking os I looked at the shore whilst thc boat leisurely drew away. What a dull motionless place did Piertown seem ! The main street cliinbiug thc hill was visible past thc curve of the pier, and only two figures were to bc seen uscending it. " I cannot understood bow you men get a living," said I to Rill Hitchcns. " Wc don't ondcrstand it ourselves, lady,' said he. '* Von are boatmen, bnt nobody hires your boats," said I. " How do you live!" " It's a riddle, mum,' answered Hitchcns, " and there ain't no answer to it." " Vet those boatmen ," said I, " who are standing upon thc esplanade are comfortably dressed, they appear ncnt and cluan, their clotln s may bc rough, but they arc fairly good and warm, they are «llsmoking, and I suppose they pay for tho tabacco they smoke ; they and others like them arc constauily in and out of thc public bouses, and the beer which they drink must cost them money. How do they manage ?" " I vc been, man and boy, getting on fur eight and forty year upon that there beach," said Bill Hatchells, "and if you ask me to tell you how me and the likes of mc manages, vy I my answer is, lady, I givcB it up." We were silent, and I continued to look at the shore and to admire the scene of it. " The time was," said Bill Hitchcns medita- tively, " ven I hoped to live to eec thc day as 'ud find me the landlord of a public house. When all's said and done, lady, I don't known that a plain man like myself could ask for a more enjoyable life than a public. Take a dirk, vet, cold night, blowing hard and the air full of snow and hall. Only think of the pleasure of opening the door just to look out, so as to be able to step back again into the light and warmth and all the different smells of the liquors," he added snuffing. "Only think bow pleasingly the time flics in yarning with customers. Then if ever ye stand in need of a drain there it ie, anything ye like and nothen to pay, 'cos ven a landlord drinks it's always at the expense of his customers vether they knows it or not. Then think again, lady, of a snug little parlour at thc back, all shining vith clean glasses and mugs like silver, villi a varm fire and a kettle of boiling vater alvuys ready. Ah 1" He broke off with a. deep sigh. " I think I will take an oar," said I. " Lor' bless mc," he cried running bis eyes over the boat. " I've forgotten to ship a pair of skulls for you," by which term he signified the light oars he was in the habit of placing in the boat for my use. " Thc oars you are rowing with will be too heavy for me, I fear," said I. " I don't think vun of 'em viii, mum," he answered. " Suppose ye try it. After you're tired of rowing we'll hoist tbe sail, for we shall find more vind stirring ven we get out furder." He Adjusted the oar for mc, and I seated myself at it and began to row. He sat in the bows of thc boat near the tall mast and I upon a hinder seat at that end of the boat which I bad heard him call the " stern sheets." I did not find the oar so heavy as I had feared. The boatman had placed it so as to fairly balance it, und I continued lo swing it without much trouble. But after I bad been rowing a few minutes the pressure of the bandle of the oar in my grasp caused my rings tn burt me. 1 endured tbe inconvenience until it becamo a pain, then tilting thc oar and supporting it by my elbow I pulled off my rings, that is to say my wedding ring and two others-all that I wore- and placed them by my side on thc sail which lay in a sort of buudlc along the seats. I never had any superstitious feeling about my wedding ring. Over and over again had I removed it to wash my hand. With many women, when ance the wedding ring is on it is on for ever. Well woola it have been for me had I possessed thc sentiment of tender and graceful superstition that influences most wives in tliis way. My rinds being removed I applied myself again to the oar, and for about a quarter of an liour Bill Hitchens and I continued to row the boat out into thc open sea. By tins timo we had reached a distance of a mile from the land. Tbe faint air had been slowly freshen- ing into a little breeze, and thc water was rippling briskly against the side of the boat. I was now tired of rowing, and asking Bill HitchcnB to take thc oar from mc I rose from my seat and sat down rfcar the tiller. " May as well hoist the sail now, lady, don't ye think !" said Bill Hitchens. " Yes, you can hoist the sail," said I, " but I do nat wish to go too far from the land. What o'clock is it ?" He extracted au old silver watch from some- where under his jersey and gave me the time. " 1 wish to be home by about a quarter past four," said I. He answered that ho would ecu to it, and seizing a rope which passed through thc top of tho most ho hoisted thc sail. He then come to where I wus sitting and set the little sail upon the most at the stern, and when this was done be grasped the tiller and thc boat, feeling the pressure of thc breeze in her broad canvass-for though she was a small boat she carried a sail that I would think was dispro- portionately large for her size-heeled over and cut through the water on her side very quickly. " It's a niccsoldicr's vind fortheland, lady," | said thc boatman. J " What is a soldier's wind ?" I asked. "Why," he answered, " a vind that allows ye to go there and bock wherever ye may bc bound to." " The couBt lookB a long way off, Hitchens." " It's vorking up a bit hazy, lady, but there's nothen to burt." " I expect the sky will be overcast before sunset," said I. "Do you seo that bank of clouds hazily peering through thc air over the coast there ?" And I Indicated n portion of the land which certainly did not lie in thc direction whence tho wind was blowing ; so that it was plain to me, ignorant as I wns in all such mutters, though my perception had buen sharpened a little by hoing much upon thc water, and by listening to Bill Hitchens discoursing upon thc several aspects of bis calling, I say it was plain to mc that those clouds were working their wuy up over tho land, and that if they did not promise a change of weather they must certainly betoken a change of wiud. Tho boatman cast bis eyes carelessly towards the coast and said : " there was nothing to hurt in them clouds, he rather believed they was settling away instead of rising," and then he changed the subject by asking me if my husband had gone to London, and if it was as big a place as folks protended it to be. ( To he continued. ) 