CHAPTER; IV.-'THE ANGEL PROEHET.1 We how-approach an era wondrous for -the pliehomenai natural and supernatural, -which ' distinguished it. .'The.ctiO^atfon10! HerddV reign in a cloud of terror was nob the most remarlrable featute'attendant upon tKe'induc tion of 'the'Christiari- age, for :ttfcre were por tents of a. Btirprising nature to einphksise' -the; expectation -of the Eord'sispeedy 'coming-.. The. .? hosts of heaven wfire'singing hallelujahs 'while burnishing their cbrseKts,_ and -fiends'of dstrk-: ness were marshalling their forcesfor.a combat with the celestial army??a great battle was to, be fought, with the earth.'this time as a battle-; ground, and each 'side had out recruiting officers to bringf 'irito the ranks every 'soul that could lift an arni or raise a voice. IDevila were1: unloosed and ;went 'rioting up and down evefy! highway, seizing .the unwary, overturning, hat' lowed institutions, exciting the desperat3, adding frenzy to diabolism, and sowing broad cast the tares of anarchy in susceptible minds. But there was an equal activity among the. sunbrowed, the solar-crowned, . the light raimented hosts of the kingdom of perpetual day. Angel-bands were resting behind breast works of. opalescent cloud, with their swoids gleaming like rays flashed up from the: sea" when the flood of a morning sun . first strikes it. Divine dragoons picketed the Holy, Land, ready of foot or swift- moving wings to lend instant aid, while celestial messengers brought every Jfpart of -Judah into communication, . every soul of "oliness into rapport, every. angel band into action against the powers of; Satan. The contest was to be between the fiends of death and the radiant hosts of eternal.life,, where the victory should bring a shroud or a; crown, a tear or a laugh, a lost world or a: glorified kingdom, a hell of anguish or a eaven of perennial joy; and the&iwjels; sang' * and the light of dawn Uprose over the saored mountains of Palestine, trembling like a mil lion lances in the rush of a charge, and therp was a great voice as of the sea aiid .the .hills rolled together, " Prepare ye the way for Him' who cometh to give you victory ovet the grave." This voice of promise still rings down' the centuries, from out . the wilderness, from over the embrasures of Zion,' from hilltop of universe to valley of planet, across the bridge ttjat spans the holy age and . the. present civilisation, from hut to cathedral, from the irlutonian shore _ to the great heart of re juvenated humanity ; and devils are in banish ment, fiends of darkness are back in their deepest caverns, death itself retired before that cry, we feel the thrill of its echoes transmitted through the chain that binds the world to gether and through the; tics that connect gene ration with generation, arid through the bond that unites ua with God. The first heavenly manifestation made to the people of Jerusalem, and which gave bold an nouncement of the speedy coming . of the Messiah-the first wonderful revelation which was the. beginning of a series of miracles that. brought the world into , the Divine presence occurred in the Holy Temple under circum stances which , singularly impress us with _the. favor in which God still held that ancifeiit shrine, profaned as it had been by a thbteafifl r( excesses, a thousand crimes, and the sacrilege of its priestly votaries, and "the kingly voluptuaries which enriched themselves by. the spoliation of its treasures.. But sacrilege of hypocrites and plunder; of MhjÂ»s had not wholly destroyed the germ of 'rigfite'ousness, which was still nourished by a. few.devout. priests who kept fresh the zeal, of the oTcli prophets, and. were still longing, ever hopeful,; 1 litm-believing in an early Mfihrieribof the , .Messianic prophecies. The %mpl6'liM'be6n; "recently enlarged and'finished in a.'s'^Ie._!of" grandeur surpassing even Sqldmbnic'raa^ifi"' eence by the munificent expenditures of ! Herod,) who sought by this exhibition of favor' to the ?' Jewish religion to free himself from the hatred , and loarfchittg of Bfe subjecfe.' Btit fchbtif^gUded . by iinpiotis nands'the;Te^ple\vaB de'dicatpdTO' God, and the service tliereiriwas perfomied by ? ,'a holy order of the priesthood w hence in this .sanctuary, which held. th<3r_fading glory of Judah, was .'given a manifestation of the Divine presence and a prophecy which in its fulfilment would' bring the world to repent ance. THE ANGEL's aarcoKCTATioSj; . The Jewish religion was always distinguished, for impressive ceremonial, and the, services. performedin the Temple were a very elaboration of formulary blended with the spectaoular. Sacrifices constituted a priirie 'essential of ' Hebraic worship, arid on such occasions as the Celebration of the Passover arid Day of Atone-: . ment, in addition to other ceremonials, sacrifices were offered at both the ihorriing arid evening services. So nmrierous and' exacting wei?e the duties of the Teriiple prints that a' great number were employed, who, however, served in turn, coming from all parts of Judah and being housed in the Temple during.the short periods of their ifespective ministration's. ? AMotfg the'lower class of priest's' was; orie; Zacharias,, whose hb'nie S^as' 'ri&ir;(' HSbiton, 'an' aged man with a mfe iiamed Elizpfe'th, Vhb ; hald never borne any children. As;barreriness. was a reproach among' the Jews, as already. explairied, Zacharias arid Elizabeth, like ' others of their' p&j;^le'HvHd felt the MMiliation -of childlessness, bewailed their iriisfortuiie^attd . 'though'both were now grown' old' they_ had not yet .passsd'that 'age when expectation; arid prayers for fruitfulness were abandoned.. Zacharias was' called to perform a ! priestly office in the Temple, arid at'a ca&tirig; ctf.l6tS,_ as w^custbtaaryj.the' djity fell'to himbf^ placing . inbefiSe oiith'e-cpals-of- the altar'of sacrifice'&na;, , thfen jietiening:;-from'. %he. sanctuary; to the . awaiting 'worshippers dubside, "whom heHvaa tds ? jead in prfcjfer Or dismiss :^tnb&edi;<?tipa.r ,' ' Tlnfe duty'%as.Jcdhsidð”¢'s>o sacked' rahdthe .' ? honor :bfits; 'once, liencejlie to-. whora> tfie office'chanced Ky lot to falLwas; esteemed' most'highly blessed; In the minis trations 'tvhibh -Zabharias' was.';tlius cfcMd. to"; petftirmhehad an'^ssistaiib' yho; heatfed'up the11 poals on the altar while 'incense' was being . 'sprinkled on the flames, which. sent'.up a cloud , of liraySi^-mat ?#e&';:' Tiow to'be ofrapa up cteviout*. Jbws wherever they might;b& gathered.. This, being done the .assistant retitedj leavingthe priest before the; veil bf the jHoly^ol^,Holies in3' prayer for therestpftitipri bf I^ellthl?dugh: tlfe'v power;orthe^r6mised |Jfes'si^h: '.^ As Zai3harias stood praying before,tlie, altar,.;, seriding up a soulful invocation for the redempr t ? 'tiOn of his people from theirs mils, 'asfwell' as [ 'Jrbm the oppression of their -Rofe&n-;'iriasters, .' arid adding' a' supplication that God' iriight be t ' pleasM'totake awayjbhe reproach of lnS bhild-; ' . lessriess, in the iriidst of his fervid petitioning; 'he was arrested by the sight of .a wondrous vision. Was it a vision or, creation?... Was it. . the materialisation^' of pibnsUaihbitibri {or >d fantasy of the mind weakened 'by'religious asceticism? ' "Was it-fcK4 bltiom Of- 'uttWelaryirig prayer and hope, brthebl^tedlfcjud of crushed ' aspiration ? Perhaps'Zticharias' hiinself doubted the reality bf his angelic visitor, bub from out a. dreamy comprehension t the holy Spriest awakened to a true perception of his celestial 'visitor. There,'dri the. right-side of the jdtar, at the place of horior,! stood _ the radiant , Jotm of the great archangel Gabriel, who,_ to ''give substaiice to the day:dream;of Zacharias, arid: to declare his Divine mission, . thus, spoke , " Fear not, Zacharias; for :thy prayer is ; heard ;'and thy wife Elizabeth shall beftr dson, " arid thou shalt call his name John. . " " And thou shalt have joy arid gladness/ahd '; imiiny shall rejoice at his birth. 3Tor he shall.;, be frreat in the sight-of the Lord, and shall ?. drink neither wine nor strong' drink; -and he' shall be "filled with the Holy-Ghost eVeii firflra11 his mother's' womb. " And iriariy of the clrildren of'Israel shall; he ., ?.turn to."the Lord their God. :And- he:ghall-.go ^before Him in the.spirit and.power'of -Eliiia to turn the hearts bf tne parerits to thbfehildrdn,; and the disobedient to the'TOsdom ;of tbe'jtist';^ to rflake ready a people prepared tor. the IiO?di", ^ . . What impression-.' "slPP^.r Zacharias is indicated by his-reply.. Evidenily.. ; still doubting the substantiality of the vision, - .jbat' catching a glimpse, through his excited: mentality, of the celestial-personality, he'ven- ' ' tured to enquire, " Wheyeby' shall I. know ihis"5" iTow was Gabriel's .opportunity to, jprove to the half-dreamirigV priest the verity of i vthe ' sacred .: presence, whiea he embraced by ? saying, "Thou' Shalt"be dutflbandnot able to ' speak until 'the 'daY:that%he3e thiiigs'shall be. Iperfo'nned,because; "th'Ou believest'.'not' my, iwoi'flS'" 'The 'evidences of'the senses now .,'came full, upon:Zachaiias, for on rbhe instant. his tongue lost its cunning, and when the angel, "diappeared and 'Zachanas eaine dub of the ' !Temple to the' long-waitirigpeojlei who lingered: >to ieceive his blessing,, ne'was voiceless arid '.ti'eriiblirig with' the excitfeuSeritrcif 'exultation.'. . By signs ; only wias-'he able, to make known -to,' !the worshippers, what-had 'befallen him, and . 'after dismissmg them,: his two ?weeks of'minis ' tration being ended, he - left Jerusalem and ,hastened back'' to his horiie, in the region bf ; .Hebron, t to acqi^iri't Ehzabeth .^th thei'^ri-' inoxincement of wie Divine herald. . In the quiet retreat of that .happy mountain home the aged priest and his wife dwelt -in pious comriinniori :iintil the appointed time, l . when Elizabeth was delivered 'of a son whorii' she called John'; btit her' relatives reinoristrated ?against this departure .from the almost irivarl ' able custom of naming the first born male child after the father, and hence they insisted that -the babe should be called Zaeliarias. The. matter was ait length 'referred 'to - Zacharias, ? who, being-yet'.-speechless, ,;aSked for writing > material, winch being given > Him he signified his preference by writing the name JOHN, and' .so the babe was named.- Immediately the. tongue of Zacharias was loosed arid he fell to uttering praises to God and to prophesying the'1 speedy coming of the Messiah, arid' that John': should be a forerunner:of theChrist calling the- ? world to repentance, saying- . ' "And thou, child, shall be called the prophet: .of the Highest ; for thou Bhalt go beforeÂ«the' \ face of "the Lord to prepare His'ways. To give knowledge of sal^tiori urito His people by-the ? remission of their sins, through the tender ; mercy of our God.". _ ' No further mention is made of John beyond , the announcement that he waxed ^strong arid7 , retired into the wilderness to prepare himself . for the ministry until the day. of his . issuing ' .forth'[in the full strength of - manhood' and ' spiritual outpouring-as a mighty ^evangelist-pre paring the way for Jesus, whom he came to. .declare. (To be continued.) 