OAR AND SAIL. THE DOUBLE BAY REGATTA. Fort Jackson Amateur Sailing Club. Lord Jersey Patron. A meeting of those intprested in promoting the Double Bay Regatta lor October next has been called for Thursday night at Mr. T. Punch's Albion Hotel. This is ono of the oldest aquatio fixtures in the naroor, anting as it noes some uu yours back. Last year there was considerable difficulty in the regatta being palled off at all, and this was only carried out at a loss to tbo lion, treasurer. Thero have been no preparations whatever made for holding the regatta this year, and unless' the efforts prove successful on Thursday night of two or three real enthusiasts who ungrudgiugly give their assistance in promoting ull deserv ing aquatic matters in tho harbor, but more particularly in connection with the Double Bay Regatta, the cvont will fall through. August is now well through, and the regatta ought to be hold about thu second week in October, so that even with the most zealous workers a little over a clear month will be found to be too short a time to work the ailuir up. It is to be boned that tho residents of Double Bay more especially, who have witnessed and enjoyed tho regatta year after year from their green-lawued water frontages, will this year make an ofiort to. keep tho regatta in existence, and if thoy cannot render personal assistance at- least coutnouto to wards tho finances required by the com mittee. All Sydney aquatic gentlemen, whether rowing or sailing, who havo the slightest interest in keeping tho Doable Bay Regatta in existence should attend tho meeting on Thursday night with the earnest determination to help the regatta forward. The last committee meeting of the year of the Port Jaeksou Amateur Sailing Club was held at Mr. T, -a Punch's Albion Hotel last night. Commodore George Hcllings pre sided, and there were also present Messrs, A. J. Spears (hon. sec, ), F. C. Eaton (hon. treas.l, J. Panett, F. Lapliam, A. Thomas, G. Robertson, B. Milieu, J. Young aud H. Beach. The nominations of officers were as follow Commodore, Mr. Geo. Hellings ; vice-com modore, Mr. Fred. Wright ; captain, Mr. James Young ; hon. treasurer, Mr. F. C. Eaton ; hon. secretary, Mr. A. J. Spears ; assistant hon. secretary, Mr. R. Jones; and a number of names for the various commit tees. His Excellency Lord Jersey, in reply to the invitation of the club to accept its patrouship, intimated that he accepted tho honor, so that now the Port Jackson Ama teur Sailiug Club numbers among its officers " the firBt gentleman of New South Wales." The secretary, in his advance report, stated that the prizes distributed during the year amounted to £103, and medals £45, the club after meeting the expenditure of a very heavy year having still a balance in hand of i £9. Amendments for the proposed revision oi the rules at the annual meeting wcro then reacived and discussed, the principal among which was with regard to the titlo and object of the club, the proposal being to alter rule 2 to road " That the club be open to all boats of from 20ft. to 2(ift. length inclusive ; " that rule 3 be expunged ; rule 4, that in absence of tho senior officers the cuptain takes his place ; rule 4 (sailing regulations), that the club course be the Sow and Pigs course; rule 5, thatin the case of noil- members being curried iu boats a fine of £1 bo inflicted for each man so carried, the committee having the power to debar such boat from competing in club races until the flue is paid, A new .rule was proposed to t.lin fnllnwiru. rffWr. — That n hnat ahall finish her eourso as soon a3 any part of her hull, spars, rigging, &c.; , cross tho winning line." The proposed programme for tho 1891-92 seuson was drawn up us follows:— October 10, jib and mainsail ; November 14, extra sails ; November 28, jib, mainsail and topsails; December 19, extra sails ; Janu ary 16, jib, mainsail und topsail ; February 6, jib and mainsail ; February 27, oxtra sails ; March 17. jib, mainsail aud topsail ; April 9, extra sails. A most successful meeting broke up about 10 o'clock with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Tho numerous boat ownerB are already holding meetings of their crews to consider matters transpiring in the sailing world and ele t their officers for the season. A meeting of the Ghost Sailing Crew will bo hold at Flanagan's Hotel, Oxford-street, this even ing- 