iBOW A GOOD SHIP VWAS LOST On the night of October 27th, 1812, the good ship "MDary Compton," of Bristol, England,' was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew: furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to got sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Four men, including the Captain were saved. On reaching tihe shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights, Hope is the inost iniportant lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit P " You are beyond hlman aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No:.for he might be wrong-and in any case he had no business to put out the light. - This women had been ill for some time. In June, 189W, she was greatly alarmed by her symp toms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to ]old herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat althloighl cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "oI could scarcely crawl about the house,"r she says, 'I was so weah. I tried different remedies and medicines witlhout avail. I west tothe Diso pensary at new Briggate and asked the Doctor to tell me theworat. Hisenuswera, 'I haCvemied' you some medicine; you eae take it or leave it. I eetook it for three weeks, then gave p n despair. "I talked with teo other physicians. .Thle last one said, ' l?o are pots holdes ald.' "Mry heart sank within me, for I hat five little children; and ty death would leave them without Smother'slove and care. I went hmne and cried till I ass sick. I had no appetite nud had lost flesh till Iwas thfinas a ghost! Mly mother came to see ma and did not know Ine. My skin cas of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate aRythling it seemed to stick in my throat. Abeut this time I commenced vomiting, aRd what I threw up was tinged with Idood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday meniin8 and scarcely got rest from it until lonshy meornisg. "At this time I reimembered tihat lrs, Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Sill, in East Street, Leeds (where I lire), had beeu cured by MIothler Seigel s Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jcsson's, the Chemist, is Great Garlen Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped trhe vomiting, aed by degrees from day to day I felt better: Soon I could eat a dry crust, aud by tile time I had finished the second bottle I hnad got over all my hut symptoms, and was fast gettuig my strength back. I am now (April, lI0o), in better health tlhan ever before in roy life. '.' I slhould have taken Mfother Seigel's Cunrative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, hut I thank God I did getit at last, and it cured me, Inad offas I was. Allhy friends aed neigh hbours know the facts I have related, andl I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), MIrs. Ann Milso, 10, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspcpsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the aervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would lave had no tale to toll. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after Iaving known whlat Meotier Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Irs. Wilson, KEATnio's Conan LOZENOES 'cure Coughs, Asthma. Bronchitis: Iedieal testimony states tlat no other medicine is so effectoal in tile cure of these dangerous maladies. One Lozenge alone gives ease, one or two at bedtime ensures rest. For relieving difiiculty of breathing they are invaluable. Tlhey contain no opium s.nor any violent drug. Sold by all Chemists, in Tins, Is ld and 2s Dl ach, TIIE BESs REsED" FOR INDIoESTIOs.--,-lsnTOe's CAwOMIt.E PILLS are confidently Recomrmended as a Simple Remedy for Indigestion, which is the case of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject. NOnTOe S PILLS, with justice called tile "Natural Strengthener of tihe Huan Stomach,"' actas a powerful tonic and gentle aperient, are mild it their operation, and safe under any circumstaices, Sold in bottles, at ls lid., 2s 9d., ls., by all MIedlicine Vendors tlhrouglhout ti World. VrALUABel DISCOVERY FOIR THe HAriI.-If your hair s turning grey orwwhite, or falling off, use "THE' MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER,' for it wlt positirsely resrter i eesrey cser Grey or ll'hite hair to its original color, without leaving the disagreeabhl smell of most "Restorers." It makes the hair cl]eaningly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the lair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "THre ExnaICan HAnIR RENEWER," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere atl 3s rper Bottle. Whold vale depbt ?l, Farringdon Road Londlon England TnE PEOPLE WVaTPnoor.-- There is no medicine prescribed by physieiens,.orsold iyy Droggists, that carries suchovidence of its success and superior virtue at R0SCHEE'S GEnRMAN SYRUP for severe Coughis, Colds settled on the bread, Consumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. A proof of that fact is that any person afflicted can get a Sample bottle for Id. and try its superior effect before buying tie regrlar size at 4s. td. It has lately teen introduced in this country from Ger .nay, and its wonderful cures are astonishing rveryone tht uses it. Threedoses well relieceany case. Try it. All chemists and druggists. Roeko Tomnsitt & Co., Agents, alelteurie, FLaILINE--FeO TIE TEETIr AND IREATIIa--A few drops of the liquid "Floriline" Sprinkledl n a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, whlichl tholroughly cleauses tile teeth from all iarasites or impurities, hardens the guis, prevents tatrter, stops decay, gives to the tooth a peculiar pearly which sess, and a delighltfol fragrnce to tie breath. It removes all unpleasant odor arising from decayed teethortobacco smoke. "TheEragriitFloriline,"' being composed in part-t of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, ard he greatest toilet discovery of tihe age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemist and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33 5arringdon road, London. f?HnoAT AFFECTIONs AND HOARSENESS. All sudfering from irritation of the throat and hoarse ness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by tie use of "Brown's Bronchial Troches." These Famous "lozenges" are now sold by nmost respectable chemists in thmis country at Is. lId. per box. People Iroubled with a i hacking cough," a "slight cold," or bronehial affiections cannot try them too soon, as similar troueles, if allowed to progress, result m scrious Pulrmonary and Asthmatie affections. See that the words "lrosn's Bronchial Troclues" are on tile CGovernmelnt Stiral, around e:~alh l?,a. Prepared by JOue . Bsown & Soas, IlostOn, lUnitel States, European depot renmoved to Farringdon Road. London A TrnVEi.arEa's ExrPEnlaesc..-Tie well-known popularlectorer, and successful minister, erE. E. Armstrong Telfer, writing from Auckland, New Zealand, to tie proprietor, runder date ?tarch 26th Ib3, says. "I have plwasure in saying that I have found your DIr. Blaumont'a Brazilian Balsam of great use for a cold and tightness on the chest. I can cheerfully reconnmend it to all who suffer in the breathing tubes, and count it a happy thing that you have discovered so good a cure for weary. ing coughs and pulmonary pains." It clears the roice, ndl is invaluoale in strengtheaiag the restoring its tone awl vigor. Clergyawen, pblic lutkcr, ie d a iingeras use it witligreat tenelit. It may te obtaioed of all respectalde Chemistni, or 'tirect froma tie Austrnlian Agruts, WITT nad Co., Chemists,, 'rlieis, ltelteurue, wlio on receilit oi ls in stoatps, wrill send a large size (26) bottle to soy address in the colony and the same old estabo ehed r will in ke manner send carefully packed, any medicine or preparation eppertaining to their business as Chemiots and Pharmaaiste, to any person who may favor them with orders. Preseristions faithfully diapensed, sod medicine promptly forwarded 