Andrew ?.ann* on Ghosts. MB. ANDBEW LAÑO, writing on ghosts, says,:-I have been at amateur séances, and expected a great deal,'but never saw or heard anything moro abnor- mal than a suppressed giggle, for whioh my own innocence waa unfeelingly blamed, I have passed nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to myself ; and that when I waa young, ill and overworked. I have ocoapiod the ghostly chamber where the original of Dickon's Miss Havlsham (in " Great Expectations ") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raimont. But in Bplte of expecting, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything to establish tho existence of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinster to Bleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved valour had previously teen so frightened in it that ho had out short his visit and fled the place Hero was a ghost of gentlemanly character, who appeared only to persons unlikely, as ho might guess, to bo dangerously alarmed. As a rule, the fairly well attested ghosts of my acquaintance have been seen, not by the timorous and funoiful, but by. unimagin- ative people in perfeot health. A soholar of world-wide reputation (among scholars) WOB, when a boy, driving in a dog-cart, whilo a stout farmer held the reina. Both were Scotoh. They passed a churchyard, beyond whioh the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out of the kirkyard Blipped a shadowy figure, passed over tho wall, glided beside the dog-cart all down tho long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the mau nor the boy said a word whilo this lasted. When the appearance had vanished, the farmor whispered, " Did you see yon 7" "Ay!" said tholed. "Thank the Lord I" oried tho farmer ; " I was afeared it was the horrors." He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whiskey toddy. Finding that it was objeotivo, he was reassured, though neither ho nor his companion ever knew what tho thing was that they hod looked on. They both, perhaps, were " score, and " had the smell for a ghost." 