Limestone. Mr. N. Bartley writes as follows: —Your correspondent's second letter evokes further memories in me. When Ipswich and Darling Downs influence combined had beaten Brisbane on the railway question in 1863, they had a night of it in Limestone; even Ben. Cribb smoked a friendly oigar that even ing with the graziers of the Downs, and I do not think tobacco was ever much in his line1. Gxjd Old Ipswioh! It was a "live" place from '54 to '61; but it is peopled with ghosts n <w when one recalls those who were there and " are not." John Gammie, John Panton, Geo. Thorn, John Orowder, Wm. Dorsey, Blyth of Blythdale, Jimmy Laid lev, Frank Lucas, " Gig lamps" Hamilton, John Murphy, Wattie Gray, and the " Colonel," of that ilk; bat why con tinue the list ? Who remembers them ? Why, the very list of aldermen brings a whiff of the old times. Charley Watkins, the auctioneer, with his huge earrings! and the other Charley W.—namely, Wheeler. Well, at the risk of being prolix, I must tell you two "yarns," in dicative of the times that were, bat are no longer. When the Moreton Bay people clamoured for separation, "Oil Mother Syd ney" told us that the public creditor would not stand having part of his security taken away, and we must not ask for our liberty, when uprose Charley Wheeler, of Ipswioh, a commission and forwarding agent in a small way, but of the usual gigantic Ipswich intellect, and thus he delivered himself:— " What an absurd objection to separation ! the public creditor 1 indeed! see here! we should be quite satisfied to take up the New South Wales ' account' ourselves (as if it were some small sheep station). Give us full security over New South Wales and her assets, and we will be responsible for her little debts, so that need not stand in the way any more." There is a sublimity and grasp about this 1858 speech that neither modern Brisbane nor modern Ips wioh could emulate. The men of '58 are extinct. The " Social Villagers" (as they called themselves), of Ipswioh, F. A. Forbes*, Jock Pettigrew, Billy Handcock, of Dray ton, and Rossiter, of Sydney (sometimes called Grossiter by "Wag" Niool, on account of his stoutness), once played a joke on a young American merchant, named Fisher, who made a fortune in the subsequent " Seoesh" war, but who could not make a living in Moreton Bay,, which, he said, was the " last plaoe ever made." Godfrey O'Bourke, of Limestone, at that time drew the best glass of English ale north of Port Jackson, and the " Villagers" all knew it well. Fisher wanted to get back to Sydney by the monthly steamer leaving Brisbane next day, so the "Villagers" plotted to make him lose his passage by the river boat whioh alone could oatoh the ocean steamers, and they succeeded, with the aid of O'Rourke. There were no coaches or rail ways then. Bat Fisher resolved not to be baulked, so he, eluding his persecutors, started to walk to Brisbane at 7 p.m. He reached the inn at Woogaroo at midnight, refreshed, and emerged from another door and marched onwardß, and at daybreak he breasted a hill, and it struck him all at once that Brisbane when approached from the south-west looked most remarkably like Ipswioh when approached from the north-east quarter, and in another moment the full horror of his position dawned upon him. He had taken the wrong outlet at mid night at Woogaroo Hotel and had been steadily tramping back to Ipswioh the rest of the night. He was dead beat from fatigue; he had hope lessly lost the Sydney boat for a month ; the raillery of the pitiless " Villagers" at this fresh episode was neither to be faced nor thought of even ; so he kept it dark and laid low in Bris bane for a month longer. Poor clever Fisher 1 He died early in the 70's and will never trouble the Bremer again. He was here just thirty years too soon. There were no unemployed, no " labour party," no relief works, no British loans in those happy days. The few mechanics in the towns had plenty to do, and the men in the bush had their maize, pumpkins, and pigs and fowls, and those things—such as tea, pugar, and clothes—which they could not grow themselves they cot the money for by fencing,, splitting, shearing, and bullock-driving, <fco., for a few months in every year. They did not go to the Government with their troubles, for the times had been too fresh in their memory when "John Government" (not the paternal article of the present day, fed on votes) used to apply the cat-o'nine-tails to all grumblers. 