f1ovelitt. The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA. B3v FR.EDERICK M. DEY. U. IPf.'l? I[[.--COoarwnso. \- While scemingly frank nd'confident .with is, there ero el sonme points uapone which he was oz. Stremoly reticent. lie told me that ho belonged to one of the Rlajpootran scats, and was allied to theo Shouse of a powerful RIaja who only remained blandly with the lrit ish rule. so long as it left him undistothoet in Ilis own possessions. The SlRajah tlahmanha was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrha's doscriptlion, wan nlarvellously rich, proud as Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. Ifis domain was of largo extent, and was situated in the district known as Odeypore. ' Can you tell leo,' I asked of Simrha, it you have 0ver knownt of a I[tndoo pince called atvana ?' 'Yes, ealib,' le replied. Tuse Rlsalh Ravano was the father of tlto trajah Nahmanda.' It was only'eimy strong self'control and power to luppress suddon emotions which prevented me from leaping to my feat with a cry of joy. As it was, I started a little, for tihe answer he had giveon tolt me that, through some strange cireumstance, I had engaged an my servant one who was already connected with tle houselhold of the very Rajah to whom I least look for the information I sought in behalf of ogisecll's r.quest. It was then I began to question Stmria, and found hine so extremely reticent and so loth to gire me any details regarding the things I most wi?hed to know. On tile fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would be, in a measure, fralk with hinm, and thus ascertain f it werer possible to persuade him to tollmoe ore coneerning tie Rajath's immediate surroundlngs, S tnmrha,' I said, qultly, ' II too, am geoing to India.' \- To India ?' he acted. SYes,' I contlinedr and amt so rwell pleased -with you and your se liecs that, If you desire It you may continuo with me--on one condi tton,' SYes, sahib ?' -' Thel condition is you ronemin tn my servico darintg the time I ace it i your eountry, and give mawlhat aid you ecn in al undertaking which I aIn determined to necomplish.' -ie was siltent for several mooments. ' If thle sahib does tnot intend to remala long, and will not visit Odeypora during Ills stay, I will readily cosoent to the lhrst part of the conditioln, he said, fillally, \- iBt it is to Oeryporo that I most desire to go,' 'Itl that case, sahib, I cannao remain in your service,' lWhy nota ' 1?,? ecaus I beolong to the household of tle oIajah 'Thlrn ýepacity do you servo him?' scerctary,' '"' b our country you would terim llut can you not s5le,. I asked. '''conscent to cily plant 'letlpossible, sahilb ?' "" The tone in which hoe answered eIno', pded thant I plainly usw tiue fut ily oflargtule atcn,. hint further. Wi ill you tell o of his houieaholdei I asked. '\\\'lh.t eret do t you delte- to Iluo, salib?' 'Its Ie any' f lllily ? e \outll heI entertain i II for It fw dtayt at his tltco ?' ' Ilo noullld I t I tle, , iyt f Lyou applied t o i hila, saholee; lut, Itf )ou ill nillt ic oi to a vie yo it do not gtlhe1 e., StWhy, Suitlhe ' ' lThe i th kttle) 1 e ye,1 ' SKnlllowls tle I ,lt 1 ,t111n 111 1,el0Or. e Yes, n,thil, 'ltlt , Ilhe will hno1w y)ou by tihe iill yon i"el t lc hi lt hltee', llCnd 1i e w l 1UspeceLt the caces of it ur iit,.' i J cl t nily it Ito d c., ea1 ee 'yo dllt it nturell cul_ l tlily, lI 1l nite11 ei l. tIallet n 1l l e, cehie, cbl t it laes. You weeII e foer IIIIy1) y tl tea el ot 111 ialll fie e d i ei j ti b 'i , I 11 beun t'ognell, oho li 1eec, ,nh1I, a dte lh i IJ i hl will atete; p lltlial t I lect i t I hins allelec t Ihat .yl tlltllte tie viall.' I ens no toittt l. c, 'I WhlI nlt o eou, thlee eltt I it eei. '1.I.t howIto eI ne t t littld,1ec ' I1 hi , , IIe tlil ,l and I know whln ,lr+f I "p - I ,l b aItilo It hl ntrlll llty dllty lto iow all that t eret t 1 e t he 1111 e1 ' Hllib llleshn Cl; :n rll h11',a 1 h It h1111)1' i Tilent ytoul l Ii ien t hrci III by i h IiJ?l . ,' i I vn, a ahllh+ In l eolllllp'ny wlls' ll oh l ?' Ito hon'ed ani Inll11 1lllltv , ' low long slcc ', 01111ihan/ ' h y,11 .ou n,, the .II man I1 fr11 I oe ho d tie ?' eI dhl, t ahih, but 111 dhl 11(i 1 lie oi ni,' lAh I' ' vIlellie'l In io 1111 many b11111 s' n e011. thned, ' Wi'llhou1t hle knsl.lal14 ?' or whIit ill111,? ?e'' * For thle ; rpum of serving my master.' SSimrls,' I ?id, slowly and improlaeety, 'If you wali tell ume all you know-and that you think would inlteest me, I will pay you well for It. I will moake you rich.' If lihe sahib should gie so m all the wealth of the Iajh Nahmanda,' he replied, 'it would be useless for me to speak, even though I swero alt ling,' 'Why?' Mnucoin'I should be hlleed.'-."..- ''By wleoon ?' lBy those lho svatch me day and night.' SArc there spies aboard this ship? ' ' Ay. sahib, and In'this very aparltment.' " I glanced quickly around, but the lHidoo only smiled. t They cannot b see?n,' he said, ' and yet they are hero. Se It will leuav the apartment and go upon deck. While I am gne, 'if you will recall the faceolthe Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really hero, I will return and tell youl what you said and whllt hie answered. ' Wl t heo answered I' 'Yes, sahib, for lie will ,nswer you.' Without another ward he turned and left me, whilo seating Imysell o tho edge Of my hunk, I full to picturing Cogpwell's faoe upon nly emory. Almost immediately Id'elt a strange sensation in'my head, as if hand, of stretcleod rubber were bound ereund iti nmy _ c- or". r _ heal ter ~it l, tlhem opln.. rinseie l vry f.tiiyieariluie e oko ie n upon I ic. S\Yhat s it, Jellni it said; aid looking up quicklyl, nllhoegh limy eye, still f, It ns if they were clused, I buhchl llculbencnegsweil standing before me. ei looked just As In hadec sl him il my in. exphicable dream the night, whel I oblained the si?lnatures, and as then hed presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared. for the moment perfectly natural that ho should be there. SWho tol this IIidoo travelling wrih oul 'I asklied. SA peceuhar person,' hl replied. ite is subtle keen, and powerful is his knowledge and com mand of the occult scieneos of India.' 'lloknows much of our nlrairs Isaid slowly and meditatively. ' Ie knows ieritly all,' replied the old man, ' lhat lie does not know and what he is deter mhLed to flnd out Is tho precise reason for your voyage to hie country.' 'Iowshall I be able to prevail upon him to work fbr me in this matter of carrying out your wtihes? lis famillsrity with all the phases of IItudoo life would be invaluable to me.' ' Ay, Jouni, so It would, but you must be careful. IbelievoSa mrha to be faithful, aud possibly, it you were frank and opeon with him, it might not to amls, lRegarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise you.' Old loeuben's face was becoming indistinct, and as it did so my mind seemed to work with more freedom, for suddenly a new thought occurred to ses. ' Wait I' 1cried. ' One more qustilon.* *YWhatis it ?' SShell I find your descendant in India ? HIav you oc there '. Was it fancy, or did the face bIefro inc relax Into a smile as I asked the questlon ? I could not determine, for the feuatres wero growing fainter and,fainter to.my. vision, ..?-+. As though in the distaneo I heard his voieo re ply to my question I ' Ay, 1 have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her.' * Her I' I cried, but lie lhad gone. The falilllir old face had faded from view, snd I was left alone. I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and then witll an effort opened lthem to find myself still sittingupon the edgeof my bunk In the statneroom with every. thing that had occurred engraven. forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awo, I looked around me. ' Is my mind losing its balance?' I asked nly. self, ' As I subject to fits of nbslraetedness in whlich I hliave these strange and realatlic vislons, dreanms, in which Ia sc ghosts ? Pahaw I Non. sense I Andi yet' At this instant the door opened, and Simrha np. peared stallding is tile entranceo. There was a peculiar smile upon his face like that of one who was satisflod and pleased, uad yet wilth the oppressed, tighlt feeling which was still hovering aboult nie, 1 fancied thero was soslmething triumphanit in his ghluco Ialso. t lshll tenter, eanilb' li inqulired, respeclfully; and us I nodded hie came In and closed the door behind him, ' Shall I speak and tell tile sslib what llas Iransplired '--8to Picture No. tl.-ho asked and I wondering, if hlie. ideed knlew, and yet, dreading to share teo knowleigo wlthl himi, hell. tated. N, Il,- ShI II rIai no l t;I 1110 aa a avt haa trnnxll'icdx '1' aakel Hiwrhl a lly aaul a'iy aaat 1a, o a1 for Ala, However, t iI Illlll ' k arr x th ar l p erly. il ia "It. YexH,' vlponlr 1' 1 nil. ' 'fecll 111-3 All you known -Anll, orI Ieuvu liIly clPloy,'lg~ 