HEW POST AND TELEGBiPH OFFICE. (2*0 the Editor of the Examiner and Times,) j J SIB,-Idke a large number o! your readers I have been anxiously-waiting to learn .more regardifigtba pfopaM bJI© of tbi new Post and Telegraph Offices. I remember on many questions having a tendency to be injurious to a&y; section of our community your columns ? wen always open to those -woo took a manly and independent course, which, I assure you, ts highly appreciated, Your latest aotion and tbatolyour correspondents regarding the ini auitons *ailway tariff will be remembered fiy le struggling farmers. Now, nearer home, a great Inconvenlenoo is agoing to be.inflicted on tbe ratepayers-a job whiofi does not reflect maoh credit on the wisdom of our muniaipal representatives., In the name of all that is just, who will the newly -chosen site benefit, Exoept a few; and, are the majority of the rate payers to be sacrificed for them ? No, cer tainly not, nor shall it be while wo can protest Xinst it. We are told that we should have . idled jrtian this matter first came on for dlsati«slM>)i j Pranted,; 'bat, how ; many irate payers folly comprehended what was going on In the matter. Our aldermen, as honest re presentatives, should have referred the subject to theratepayers atpnee. Another argnment tbejr bring forward is that no eligible site oonld be procured In Palmerta- street. This is only quibbling, t Could to-morrow get several central site! for a little over what the Govern, ment are paying in the baok street. Let the Council grant . poll,'then ail wiii be settled; if not, let the lot resign in a body, and doeide it by new members. A day ot reckoning is approach ing, and if we can gauge publio opinion this subject will not bo forgotten when the voting time oomes round. Some aldermen will not stand the ghost of a chanoe of being returned. A great deal was made out of tbe lata packed j meeting, but we all know bow tbe motion was | earned--men interested holding up their two hands, and boys (non-voters) following the scandalous example. Tbe whole affair is a job, and most be exposed. 1 cannot concludc this letter without paying a meed of praise to our member, who, I hear, advised the Oounoil some months ago to plaoe this matter before the ratepayers. In that be acted in a manly and straightforward manner, which it would bo nail if all the city fftthcro would emulate. ' BATEPAVEE, 