ACTA POPULI -*- By The Flanuer. The Church of England is as full of trouble to-day as Job was full of boilg. This would be painful even for those who differ from the teachings of that church were it not for the fact that in every case the cause of these troubles is simply ridicu lous. The cymini sectores, or splitters of straws, are as numerous and active now as they were in the ' good old days' when venerable divines used to meet in solemn conclave and gravely discuss such abstruse questions as whether the sacramen tal wine should be mixed with water, or the water be mixed with the wine ; how many angels could dance comfortably on the point of a needle, and the like. It was this kind of tomfoolery here that drove Dr. Barry home and provoked him to call us a lot of beef-eaters, and Dr. Smith had barely time to land and tell us what he thought of our lovely harbour and our unlovely post-office carv. Ings, before the irrepressible Captain Rossi, who has been spoiling for a fight with a heavy- weight bishop for a long time past, popped up and wanted to know what he thought of the Goulburn cathe dral row and which side he was prepared to back at the current odds. Briefly summed up, this very pretty quarrel stands thus. Captain Eossi, senior trustee, and Incumbent Puddicome hold that St. Saviour's Church and the Goulbura Cathedral are identical and the public services should be held there. The Bishop o£ Goulburn maintains that the services should be held in an adjacent school building, which was used ae a pro-cathedral whilst St. Saviour's was being rebuilt. To add to the trouble, Captain Eossi has a memorial table to his deceased parents which is fought over at times aa fiercely as ever the body of Patrocluswas during the Trojan War. Four years ago the gallant Captain marched his brave army into the cathedral and fixed up his tablet ; but the enemy came during the night and dumped it into the school building. The Captain, stormed the place, recovered his property, planted it in the cathedral once more, and, mounting guard - over it, just as Doe Quixote did over his boiler- : plate and nail-keg armour, shouted out his bold 'defy'— ' Whoe'er this tablet doth displace Must meet bravo Eossi face to face.' No one ncefc him 5 but the place was besieged, and although the doughty captain was fed on soup squirted through the keyhole for a time, he had to cave in and come out at last. After bhis a series of rough-and-tumble battles ensued ; sometimes the Bishop would be on top, and then the Captain would wriggle from underneath and down the Bishop, while their backers stood round and encouraged their particular champion to let the other fellow have it in his dumpling depot, close up and get his head in chancery, land him on his back with a straight left-hander, and such like cheerful advice peculiar to the prize ring. This Christian-like style of amusement seems to have palled on the Captain after a time, and he accordingly sprung a new surprise on his opponents by removing the communion rails aad all religious furniture from the sohool building to the cathedral ; locking the doors of the latter, and flatly declaring that if it is not to be U3ed for parish services he will take particular care that it is not used for any other. Then the Bishop ' took the law' on his militant Chris tian parishioner and the verdict of the Court has just been given againsb him. The Bishop claims the right of apo3tolic succession, and declares that as the Goulburn representative of St. Peter he must still be in the right. Capt. Eossi, however, has the Crown Solicitor and the Bail way Commissioners on his side, and the Pri mate on being referred to called for a silver basin of rose scented water and washed his hands of the malodorous matter altogether. This looks as i£his Lordship believes the Crown Solicitor is as great an authority on ecclesiastical matters as St. Peter, and the only plan left for the Gonlburn Bishop to get even with the bellicose Iamb3 of his fold now is to hire the Salvation Army band to inarch round the cathedral walls for sevea days and blow them down, as Joshua did the walls of Jericho. While thousands of God's suffering poor axe starving to death in the gutters and ditches of Christian England, her clergy can find nothing better to do than wrangle among themselves over trifles even more absurd than the casus belli at Goulburn. The long-drawn-oufc dispute ovec the Bishcp of Lincoln's ritualistic practices is proof of this, ond even now, when the Head of the English Church has given his decision, the trouble is no nearer to actual settlement than it was at the start. Wine charges were made against the Lincoln divine. On four of these he was found guilty, not guilty on four others, and one was dismissed. The struggle therefore ends in a draw, the Lincoln champion having slightly the better of the battle. I presxime that, after the style of the prize rings the combatants will be matched once more for a fight to a finish end a new referee appointed. IE so my money will go on ' Lincoln,' for he has plenty of science and a deal more courage than his rivals. The first and gravesb charge msde against 'Lincoln' was that he mixed water with the wine before he commenced the service. Whether his accusers thought he put in too much water or too much wine is not stated, but it is evident they are a suspicious lot and prefer to do their own mixing. On this point the Archbishop found 'Lincoln' guilty, but it is almost certain that 'mixing' was practised by the primitive churches. Both Greeks and Romans mixed water with wine at their feasts ; the wine bottled off in those days being decidedly ' heady.' It was f urbher ruled by the Archbishop that the presence of lighted candles on the altar is legal, but the sign of the Cross, both in the absolution and benediction is illegal, after which ruling I will drop all theological subjects leBt I be tempted to seize St. Peter's (Surry Hills I mean) myself and raise ructions all round after the style of a Ca tholic Captain Eossi. Loid Carrington has read a paper on Australia. Who wrote that paper is not known here, but alas, poo f ghost! you never are known to the public until you have to sue for your wages. Lord Carrington has also declared his firm conviction that Australians never, never, never shall be Australians, but will din? to dear old England with all the tenacity of deith to a defunct mule. As this is merely cable news it must be taken with a ton of salb; but if it proves to be true, Baron Bob is certainly the champion ' Jim Crow' artist of his day. He sang a very different song while here, and if he really made such an astounding assertion in a speech, heaven help poor Australia and truth when he starts to write a book. That he will write a book is certain. Every globe-trotter who spends seven days in Australia seems filled with the idea that he has a divine call to do that, and so he sits down and reels off all he knows and all he does not know about the country j the r03ult being a very large hook with fairy teles stiff enough to make the hair of even Baron Munchausen stand up on end and refuse to 'sit down in front.' Baron Ccrangton was here five years, and every true-bora Australian must groaa ia anguish as he thinks of the terrible amount of awful whoppers with which our ex beloved-and-trusty Governor must have been stuffed during that time. A frightful example of the way some of these globe-trotters are fill id up occasionally is shown in the case of a certain Lord Verdant Green, who was roosting on the bos seat of one of Cobb's coaches when he saw an old pair of No. 15 boots sticking in the face of a mountain range, toes down. Nudging the driver (who was probably Jack Barry, of Mudgee, or old Peter Toohey), his Lordship said — ' I say, dwivah, what the dooBe are these boots doing up tbeih ?' Coachy scarcely glanced at the brogues as he replied-™ ' There's a man buried up there, and the boys were in saeh a hurry to get back to a dance after they hung him that they didn't dig deep enough to get his feet in.' ' Bai Jawve, that's doosid strange, dontcherknow,' said his Lordship, as he stared like a stuck pig at the boots ; 'I'll make a note of that for my new book, ' Ten Days in Aus tralia;' but, look heah, dwivah, the toes are pointing down; dem it all, the fellah must be buried on his face, d'ye knaw.' 'Yes,' said the driver, 'that's because he was an Irishman.' ' Because he was an Irishman !' exclaimed the now utterly astounded traveller, ' why, good Gad, what has his being an Irishman got to do with his beiag buried face downwards P' Coachy looked at his fare in s- pitying manner for a few seconds, and then in a tone full of soetow and astonishment at bis companion's ignorance said: 'Well, you see it's like this, we, Australians, have a sort of superstition that on election days every dead Irishman gets out of his grave and votes, 'cos every Irishman is a born politician, and so, lately, we've taken to buryin' them on top of a hill face down, so that the more the corpse tries to dig himself out when he hears the candidates coming the deeper he gets into the ground.' For a few moments it looked as if the top of the globe- trotte'/s head would fall off with his gaping, but when he recovered he gravely observed, ' Bai Jawve ! I'll make a note of thafc, too; it's the most astonishing thing I ever heard of 5 it throws quite & new light on the Iwish ques tion, and ought to run my boob into saivinteen editions.' That is the way a deal of Australian history is made at present. Mr. Crick, M.L.A., has written to the daily papers indignantly denying that he was present at the Government House reception of Lord Jersey, and I heard a J.P. declare he wouldn't go a yard to welcome even 'Tummy' Wales himself. These matters do not chime' in very well with B&ron; Bob's testimony as to our slavish admira tioy for the British aristocracy, but they are capped by a recent remark made by Mayor Burdekin. In dealing with certain contracts bhe other d&y; the tender o£ Mr. E. B. Smith, watch maker, was recommended to the City Council, upon which the Mayor said he hoped the Press wouldn't fall into the error of attaching C.M.G. to the tenderer's name, as that par by was not identical with the distinguished Legislative Councillor of that ilk. Everybody laughed most consuinedly at this, but ib was really a very seri ous matter for Me. Smith, the watchmaker. So great is the esteem in which we estimate these English titles that the fact of a person being even suspected of holding a C.M.Gh-ship would hope leEsly ruin any chance he might hare of securing a tender decided by fair voting. A3 for Smith, the Councillor, his horror at the bare thought of being confounded with a plebeian tradesman is something too awful for contemplation even, and Lit? VYJ.1.L ULUUCiuiv iviiuv uiri-uo ojij,va i;uu cu oyuiHj tu the wheel'' of Mayor Burdekin which will prevent that gentleman from being allowed to even look over the backyard fence of Windsor Castle when he visits England, Before long our daily papers will be crowded with fierce advertisements worded thus— 'Notice.— The John Smith charged with beiug a K.C.M.G. is no relation whatever of John Smith, Chimney Sweep, of No. 1, 'The Bocks'.' ' A Card. — W. Brown, Bag and Bottle Merchant. No connection with the contemptible C.M.G. bearing the same name.' So much for Toung Australia's ' unswerving loyalty to the throne.' Me. G. H. Began was (we learn from a local paper) on Wednesday last married to Miss K. O'Deaattbe Cabholic Cathedral, Armidale. The ceremony was performed by the Very Eev. Dean O'Connor, and the Wedding March was played by Mr. C. B. Foster. Mr. G. Irwin acted as best man and Misses Began and O'Dea a3 bridt smaids. The half-yearly report of the Trades and Gabour Council regards Mr. A. G. Taylor's representa tion of Wesb Sydney as an utter failure, and an argument in favour of labour candidates direct from the ranks of labour. During the pasb six months the socie ties affiliated with the Trades and Labo'ir Council have contributed about iS26,000 for strike pur poses. Mr. Alfred Jame3 Cochrane, owner of North Wakool station, near Demliquin, committed suicide last week by shooting himself, 