Since the financial year ended on the 30th of June the colony has been eagerly waiting for the Treasurer to give his review of the past, and his forecast of the current 12 months. On Tuesday lie delivered his Badget speech. The Treasurer's position was by no means an enviable one, It was known that he could not speak in glowing strains, and it was feared that Ms summary of national re sources would be disheartening. In all his speech Mr. Munro displayed the caution which is his national characteristic, and if he erred at all it was simply through excessive cautious ness which kept him from making any bold or startling proposals. If his measures are not brilliant or heroic, at least they are safe. The Treasurer's aim which he seems to have kept steadily in view was to tell a plain and unvarnished story. He would not color his facts, nor surround them with any glamour of fancy. But if he would not exaggerate, neither would he unduly depreciate our position by placing bis facts in a glowing light. His desire was to ascertain the exact truth for himself, and then as "if on his oath before a listening nation to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. His aim was laudable. Balance-sheets must be exact -or they are nothing worth. If there is a deficit it is better to know the worst. Nothing is gained by shutting our eyes to facts. " We assume then that the Treasurer told us the whole truth about our position. It is often averred that figures can be made to prove anything. That may be, but Mr. Munro had no motive for juggling figures. He had no point he wanted to prove. His patriotism would not allow him to depreciate the colony for. die sake of throwing discredit on his predecessor, nor has he any pet financial scheme he desires to further. Regarding the attempt then as sincere and honest, the conclusions are all the more worthy of notice. We learn then that at present the colony has a deficit of £797,443. Against this there are a number of . recoups that Mr. Munro refuses to take credit for, preferring to take credit only for sums actually in hand. This is a departure' from previous custom, so that'had the Treasurer "followed; the nsual course the deficit would not hare been nearly so large. On the other hand, when in opposition a year ago, Mr. Monro severely criticised Mr. Gillies for hot regarding the amount of interest pay able on the 1st July as a charge on the expenditure of the previous year. And now that he fills the Treasurer's office he is unwilling to do . this him self, since, as he alleges, the balance- sheet is for actual expenditure' up to the 30th June. Possibly the ghosts in his former speech do not haunt him. If Mr. Munro had done what lie blamed Mr. Gillies for doing tbe deficit would have totalled £1,417,850. This looked too,, alarming, so the Treasurer for the nonce did as all former Treasurers have done and left the interest due on 1st July to this year's account. We accept the state ment then that we have a deficiency of three-quarters of a million: ' For this we are told the railways are. mainly responsible, their debit balance on the transactions of last year being set down at £523,898. Though,. .this explanation does not better matters, it is reassuring to know that our ordinary receipts and expenditure nearly balance, and since it is prob able that our railway system will shortly be put on a better footing, the deficiency need not cause any serious alarm . Mafnrallvr if vxroa nrn<ufjirl fViat the Treasurer would propose some new taxation, with a view t-i wiping out our indebtedness, and for some days past there has been a rush of business at the Customs House, so as to fore stall his proposals. That the expec tations were unfounded is another proof that the premier-is able-to keep his own .counsel. It was .expected that a tax would be levied on beer and spirits, and possibly on tea. By this means at least half the - - required amonnt would be raised. " Mr."' Munro refused to impose the tax, on the ground that its incidence would be mainly on the working classes. We admire his reason, but believe he makes a mistake in supposing the tax would foil chiefly on the laboring classes. The tax would foil, we opine, mainly on the owners of breweries, distilleries, etc., for no appreciable difference, could be made in the retail price of fermented and spirituous liquors. The Treasurer proposes to raise a temporary loan . of £650,000 by the issue of Treasury bonds. This does not meet the difficulty at all. It only postpones it, in the hope that it may be dealt with in a more prosper ous year. By this Act, Mr. Munro be-littles the -resources of -the colony. But this amount will not suffice. There is 'an.' estimated loss on the railways during the current year of £158,075. To provide against contin gency it is proposed to sell some of the Crown lands by auction. We believe this suggestion inopportune. The declared policy of the colony .is not to sell but to lease the public estate. Especially is this inconsistent on -the part of a Government that refuses to allow of thet subdivision of 'mallee blocks because of then- possible aliena tion, to propose-to sell lands;tliat have been reclaimed by drainage. That is they will not part with vermin-infested land, but will sell some of tbe richest land of the colony, that would always yield a handsome revenue. Looking at the Budget speech -then, we are glad of the" information it affords as to our financial position, but are disap pointed inlthatthe Treasurer indicates ' no way out of a difficulty save by two proposals, one of which is only a tem porary expedient and the other, ia unwise. Land Boabd Case. — At the last local Land Boardteld in Kerang they, recom mended that 300 acres of land at Benjeroop be granted to one of the appli cants, Mr. G. H. Morton. Mr.. A. G. Copland, an anniicant. havinz annealed against the recommendation through his solicitors, Messrs. Connelly and Tatcbeil, on the grounds that the recoinmeodatiou was totally against the evidence adduced at the hearing ot applications. The appeal was heard before the Honorable the Minister of Lands on Wednesday morning last, when it was upheld, and the land granted to Mr. A. G. Copland. Kebanq Rifle Club. — A committee meeting was held on Monday evening last. Present : — Captains Crawford (in the chair), and Webster, Messrs. Oullen, Rat tray and Bell. Minates sf previous meet- ing were readand confirmed. The action 1 of the secretary in obtaining a supply of cartridges was approved of, and cheque had been forwarded. New rifles had been obtained. for new members J. F. .Mullen, J. R. Bundle, and M. P. Treacy. Practice days, were fixed as follows ; — The first Wednesday and Saturday in each month for the Rangers; the first Tuesday and Friday in each mouth for the Mounted Rifles. Moved by the chair man, seconded by Mr. Cullen, tbat a marker be engaged. Carried. C-aptain Webster announced that the sum of £15 would be paid- by the Rangers for the first year to the club funds. It was moved by Mr. Rattray, and seconded by Captain Webster, that the trophy be open for competition to the Rangers, Mounted Rifles, and Rifle Club, te be shot for jin teams of ten met) each, and that the trophy when won be the property of the winning team - to dispose of as they thought fit. Captain Crawford moved the ranges be 400, 500, and 000 yards, forward position, 'and that the last Wed nesday and Saturday in October be tbe days on which. the. shooting took place. Seconded by Mr.-Rattray and carried. It was agreed: that scratch '-matches take place every - weelexcegjon the week appointed for the . Rangers) on Wednes days and Saturdays,' open only to mem» bers who hara never won a prizji- io tbe value of £1 from scratch; - .atry, Is. Five meinbera to compels or no match. The first to come bff bn A.ngiist 12th . and 15th. - , -. Cebtificatbs of . Dischabgk.— At .the last sitting of the Insolvency " Court .held at Bendigo, Judge Casey granted certifi cates of disoharge, dispensing.' with-tbe payment of 7s. 3n the -£,- to -John Efcewart of Kerang (schedule filed. 1872), and Alexander Fellows, of Cohnna (schedule filed 1874.) Mr. Kennedy, instructed by Mr, O'Brien, of Kerang, appeared for the applicants, - ; .. . Australian MtrroAL puoriDaNT SO ciety.— The scrutineers' appointed at tbe special meeting of ithe member; pf the above society;. beKk.-on Aha' 24th; ins t.f concluded their labors on Wednesday last. . The. voting on the proposed amend ment, which hiad forile object the grant ing ot permission foIjthe, .directors to 'ex tend the society's operations' to Great. Britain and Ireland, resulted in 14,959 votes being recorded in favor and 9,508" votes against -dhe" amendment- As the -society's act of incorporation provides that every alteration in the by-laws mnst be carried by a majority of twoithtrds of the total votes, it follows thaYthe by-laws remain as they arc. Nofmtber meetings, of members on this point will therefore be held, and the plebisbite which was promised by the chairman in the event of the amendment bring earned becomes ' unnecessary. Bute Ribbon Meeting. — Tbe usual monthly Blue lfihhon meeting will be he'd to- night in the Mechanics' Institute. Tile chair will be taken at 8 o'clock by Mr. E. Hollowuy, The programme will consist of readings, singing and addresses. An interesting meeting may be expected. New Athletic Club at "FalscO. — California bids fair to take the lead in sporting matters among her sister com monwealths of the States. The Pacific Coast has already attained celebrity by the importance of tbe pugilistic battles waged recently thereabout, and now San Francisco comes to the fore with a new athletic club which promises great things. The name of tbe organisation is the American Athletic Club, and it will be the wealthiest association of its kind on . earth. Among its chief promoters are John Spreckeils and Ailolph Speckells, the sugar kings, who are notoriously sweet on boxing. Jsmes D. Flood, the Bonanza tnineotvner, Danial 51. Burns and H. P. Cobbins. If these gentlemen carry ont their present scheme fisticuffs ad libitum will be the order of the day in the City of tbe Golden Gate. The idea is te have the club licensed by the Board of Supervisors, and sell tickets to all well-conducted persons. Grounds iu the heart of the town have have been leased, and the mammoth amphitheatre is under way, " Parson" Davies will be the manager and Light- weight Jainse F, Carroll master of the ceremonies. The membership roll already foots up the tidy total of 365 men. There will be no regular referee, and the order of business will recoguise nothing but finish fights. Bananas as Food and Medicine. — Dr. John Dougall, of St. Mungo's Col- lego. Glasgow, bas a letter in a recent issue of the Glasgow Herald on the banana. He quotes from Stanley's " In Darkest Africa," showing tbat " for infants, persons of delicate digestion, dyspeptics, and those suffering from tern porary derangement of the stomach, the flour, properly prepared, would be of universal demand." During Stanley's two attacks of gastritis a slight gruel of this flour, mixed with milk, was the only material that could be digested. It is odd, also, as pointed oat in Stanley's books, that in most banana lands — Cuba, Brazil, West indes — the valuable proper ties of the banana as an easily digested and nourishing food have been much overlooked. Dr. Dougall has made some experiments in making banana flour. He concludes that it should be made from tbe ripe fruit at its place of produc- tion. iu trying to maae it iroui Dananae purchased in Glasgow, he obtained, on drying the pnlp, a tougl) sweet mass like toasted figs, an appearance probably due to tbe conversion of starch into sugar. Bananas contain only about 50 per cent, of pulp, and of this about 75 per cent, is is water ; they would yield, therefore, about one-eighth part of flour. The Seal Fishbeieb. — The ordinary seal fishing season baring now com menced, the British and United States Government have taken action towards carrying out the agreement mutually arrived at, that pending a permanent settlement of the Behriog Sea fisheries dispute, seal fishing should be prohibited this year, except as to 7500 seals required to be captured in order to provide means of sustenance for natives in Alaska. Behring'a Sea is now blocked against vessels engaged in tbe seal fishing industry, five gunboats of the United States navy and two British gunboats being employed in enforcing the prohibi tion. Two sealing- vessels, tlie masters of which endeavored to carry on the trade surreptitiously, have been captured, and a third was fired upon, but escaped- These vessels were hunting on the Russian shore of Behring's Sea and defying inter ference. The Liberty of the Press. — The Albury Daily News says that the pnblic of Wodonga are evidently firm believers in a free press. When Mr. Pennefother, counsel for the defendants in the Jones v. Sentinel libel action, finished bis address to the jury with a brilliant peroration in defence of unrestricted newspaper dis cussion, he was loudly applauded by tbe crowd of spectators present, despite the " Silence in the court 1" which thundere 1 through the building, and when the jury announced a verdict for defendants' an other demonstration of approval occurred. Grains ofParadise. — Botanically, Amomum grana Paradise. A tropically perennial rooted, herbaceons plant of tbe ginger tribe. It bas a height of about a foot, and benrs a red flower in Feburaiy and March, and is cultivate 1 in Mada gascar, but the GrainB of Paradise used in pharmacy are the produce of several species of seitamious plants, and are im ported into Britain from boil shores of the Indian Ocean and the Western coast of Africa. They are warm and stimulating and are often administered as a cordial to diseased cattle, but they act with so much power as to be highly dangerous under any tendency to inflammation, and as to be proper only in cases of extreme delibity of the whole system, or of the almost total inaction of the stomach, require a deoided stimulant. They were formerly used as a principal ingredient in tinctures for the cure of buuian toothache. Died Aged 117 Years. — A correspon dent in Tasmania informs the Herald th.it a short time ago there died in the Invalid department, Tasmania, Samual Emanual Jervis, familiarly known as "Sammy Cox," who was generally believed over there to be the oldest man in the colonies. Sammy, who was born on 15th November, 1774, came of good family, bis farther being uwuoi ui uHouBiuu ASA, uuiauut uuu ne was killed by on accidentia the Santtag field when the deceased centenarian was about ten years old. Mr. F. TV. Moods, miller of Garrick, Tasmania, with, whom "eammy" had lived for years, managed at different times to extract from him and piece together his eventful history. He went to sea with his uncle, Captain Jervis of the ship Regent Fox, and made several voyages. Dnring one of these tho vessel was attacked by pirates, and the lad was standing by his uncle when his arm was shot off. He had an idea that his ancle was going to maroon him (put him stray on a solitary island) and claim the property to which he was heir, so in 1789. when 4he vessel was off the coast of Van 'Dieman's Land, Sammy, with a boat's crew was sent ashore. He made his escape from his comrades by hiding him self and after two or three days wandariug fell in with s tribe of blacks. They treated him kindly, tlie chief, or Jong "Black Jaok," taking a -fancy to him. During their Tamblea tliev came to .the Carrick .district, and Sammy was surprised to see the booses" of white settlers. He deft his black friends (but was unable to eay how longhehad been with them), and took Up his residence with a family named Cox, whose surname he adopted. - For over 50 yearn he wis well known in the diatric. as a' gardener and c-dd job man , and about 12 months age Mr. Mond persuaded him to go int i the Invalid Depot Hers tbe bid fellow was. kindly .treated; and his favorite place was a seat near the entrance, where, with a staff beside him, he used -to Chat: pleasantly with Visitors. He looked bright to the last, and died from sheer old ago. ... 