The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA. CHAPTER XIV.- -CONTINCEP "Novelist. By FREDERICK M. DEY. ' When yon are dead, Sitniba !' 1 cried. 'Ay, sahib, for i mast die some time; and now that my work is done, I feel that it will not be very Jong before Tieavs yon. Nurha is happy,yon •re happy, and in that happiness that has come \- to .yon both lhave found perfect content,absolute *e»t.' Atlast tbe worst of our journey was over. We reached the coast and embarked for home. I hesitated at first about returning, to my native land, • because of the criminal charge that was hanging over ins ;bnt Simrha'e watchful care had foreseen ttutalfOj^uid I knew Jar the first time that, alth&agh; the real murderer had never been found, the aathoo'tieshad been satisfied of his guilt and my entire inbocence,and that I conld return withantfear. But tho storyof the murder—the strange way in which the signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley liad been procured—the strange and inexplicable incidents through which 1 had passed were not nude clear to me.' The explanation came at laBt, however, when I opened the envelope given mebySimrha and read what it contained.' It fold the story of a strange life, lull of vtero resolve and loving devotion. 1 will *e-tell it. ';••'-. . CHAPTER XV. '".>,,. ; IHE STOBY OF SQtBlU. The words which my noble friend Simrha eptke lo me J tut.before we left India for America were *ruej his presentiment was realised, and from thetime we embarked he began to Jose that .wondofol strength and energy which were his ehjefjohai*cteistics. It was in vain that Nurha and J endeavoured to"ard«sshimfrom the-increasing lethargy. He would anile sadly; and say: ' I; ii not bast to bid me stay when I am called to . He keptuajiear him constantly, never tiring of seeing al together,'never weary of gazing on our perfect happiness, hot he grew steadily weaker «n J weaker. The ship's doctor, whom 1 insisted upon calling to his side, shook his bead and told ns that there was nothing the matter;' thai the weakness and lethargy, would pass away ere long and leave him -without a sign. Ay, and fio they did, for one evening when we were in the middle of the ocean, as Nurha and I •suited him to his state-room, he bade us enter with him. 'Surha,' he Baid, when we were inside and the door was dosed behind us, ' we are parting for the last time. I shall sleep to uight never to wake again in this world. The days of my life, though sot many, have been fnlfiUed snd in bringing happiness to you I have crowned them with perfect success. Years ago, when I was but a boy, and you, Nurha, were a tender babe, I fell uponmy knees and prayed with all the fervour and intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 might be given knowledge and strength and force of will to accomplish an oath I had taken, and 1 closed my prayer thus: ' When it is done, then let me die, surrounded by happiness and peace, Child, my prayer was answered. 1 was given the, knowledge and the strength to carry out my work, and with its accomplishments my life ends. It is meet that it should; I would prefer it so, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Do not mourn forme; think of me as absent, not dead, for we but part for a time to be reunited. Kiss me and then leave us, for I have a word to say to the sahib.' She isank gently upon her knees at his side, and for a moment hurried her face in the pillow against which he was reclining. Then suddenly lifting her head as she cried: ' Simrha—Simrha—tell me who yon are ! Tell me why 1 love you so strangely, and yet with a new—a different love from all else.' ' No, child ; no, Nurha—not now. When 1 am gone the sahib will tell you. Believe me, it is .better so.' She did not repeat her requaat, but she threw Thee arms around his neck and kissed him tenderly. Then, rising to her feet, she said: -It is hard not to weep; bat you have told me Mjfc, «nd I will obey:" and bending forward yet again, she pressed her lips to his forehead, and then turned without another word and left us. * Sahib,' Mid Simrha, when we were alone, * have you the sealed envelope I gave you in India?' I bowed in reply. \- It is well, for it contains all that yon wish to Iknow. Now, come where I can place my hands apon your head, that you may receive the blessing of a dying man.' J bent upon my knees before him, and he rested bis soft palms upon my forehead for a mo. etent in silence. x Arise,' said he then. ' Return to Nurha and . tngT&rlsBting; light. Let not shadows fall upon . youfWatoh over her for whom you have risked . yonrlifa;*nd liberty. Wearthe jewel you have won . Sewfofiemember me as a Jmog lraead wlw lcfrEd you both; forget that which to-morrow will be buried in the sea- j Adieu. sahib.' , ' God bless you, Simrha!' 1 cried chokingly. ' It is all one—your God and mine," he said, Elowly; ' and be assured that Ho has indeed blessed me. That ho may bless youand her whom voa love shall ba my last prayer. A£ieu, sahib, adieu.' I fell upon my knees before him, and I, too, pressed my lip3 to his forehead, then rose and rushed blindly away. Oil the morrow we found him there dead, and later iu the day his body was consigned to the. unfathomable depths of the ocean. That night, with Nurha at my side, 1 broke the seal of the envelope, and read what he had written there. I will give it in his own words exactly as he had written it: ' I know, sahib, that my life's work is done; I know that tlrj number of my days are counted nearly to the end, and I deem it best to take this mode of communicating to you rather than by telling it, and so adding to the sorrow of the parting that must con.e. I I am the first born to Nurha'e moth?r, and she was the next and last; therefore we are brother and sister, although she has no knowledge of the existence of a near relative. ' What little she knows about her family 1 have told her. ' We came of an accursed nice, according to the rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to the mixture of blood in our veins, and as our mother's mother was starved to death by the Rajah N&hmanha;'s father, so my mother grew up to womanhooi inconstant fear and blighted by never euding aversion. Her own kin hated her, but there came one who loved her, a young prince of a neighbouring state, and the Rajah was compelled to consent to their union. ' I was the first child born to them, and a constant guard was kept over me until I was twelve years old, for Nahmanha had sworn that the mixture of blood should not he perpetuated, and many attempts were made to end iny frail young iife. However, at tho age of twelve I was stolen from my mother's side and hurried away to themountains, where I was to be put to death. But I was hardy and strong and cunning, and 1 succeeded in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. ' During two years I was a veritable wild boy, living in the mountains, subsisting on such food as 1. could find; and then, feeling that I would, not be recognised, 1 made my way to the Rajah's palace—the home of my enemy. ' I do not know what power attracted me there but I went, without fear, and - became one of the retainers, and have continued there ever since. ' Two years later Nurlia was bom, her mother giving up her life for hers, and a month later my father was bitten by a cobra- and died. ' The Rajah Nahmanha at once saw the opportunity he desired, and the babe. Nurha, was placed,defenceless as she was, in the diabolical garden of poisons. ' It was many months before I knew of it, but when it did come to my knowledge I went away out into the mountains where I could find solitude and, falling apon my knees, 1 swore that 1 would devote my life to Nurha—to tha work of freeing her from the terrible thraldom of the poisons— that every energy of my being should be utilised for her sake—She was the only oue left 'of my family, and I swore that I would one day see her in the enjoyment of happiness. That day has come at' last C 'I worked and studied with all my strength and mind. In my youthful ardour I undertook to master all the sources of knowledge, determined at least to know all that the Rajah Nahmanha knew. ' Ere long I attracted his attention, and he taught me much that I could not have learned fise where, and gave me the privilege of his library which was very extensive and complete. 1 studied, flowers and horticulture generally, and eurreptiioasly obtained many of the Rajah's notes, made while he was creating the Princess's Garden. I used to glove my hands and cnt slips from many ofthe poison plants, and carry them away with me to the mountains, where I had resolved to raise a garden where some day X could take Nurha when I should have stolen her. ' My knowledge of the Rajah's science became very great—greater than his own, though he never suspected it. But he found that I had a quick jnindj and he taught me many of the occult mysteries of which he was master, and, I, myself, unaided by any one, discovered a powder, lighter than gas, which, when suddenly blown into the' air when no breeze was stirring, formed itself into an impenetrable veil impossible to see through, and therefore rendering a person behind it invisiDle. It will float for a long time, but gradually absorbs oxygen, and settles down until the way is once more open. It h&B; served me well many times, having saved me from discovery by the Rajah^often. It enabled me to elude the searchers aboard the steamship ; it enabled me to seize the envelope from your hand in the Paris hotel when you were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by the person who brought it to you. Had you opened that envelope you would have been blinded for ever by the powder which would have flown into your eyes from it; it finally enabled us to escape the horde of the Rajah's followers, concealing us while they dashed onward through the mountain pass. ' Among the arts of which 1 became master wag that of mesmerism, so called—the power of mind over mind—the projecting power of the will, and that also has served mo well, and you, sahib. • The Rajah possessed entire confidence in me, and I was entrusted with many secret and delicate missions for him, bat never once did I allow myself to forget the oath 1 had taken—never once did I relax that eternal vigilance which I well knew to be the price of Nurha's liberty. ' In a moment of unusual confidence he related to me the story of Reuben Cogswell aud my grandmother, andl then knewfor the first time why it was that he had sought to take my life. ' The knowledge that Reuben Cogswell still lived, and near him others who were possessed of ' this secret—the taint of foreigu blood iu his family—was a continual thorn in the Rajah s I side, which he finally resolved to pluck out and , destroy by putting to death all who shared the deadly knowledge. 'Since the time of hie father, who was even more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept himself well informed concerning the Americans he bated, and at last formed the resolution I have referred to, and one Dhara and myself were selected to carry out the awful work. • Dhara was a cunning, unscrupulous villain possessing enough general knowledge and education to make him dangerous, and he was, moreover, a master-hand at disguises. It was he who killed Aaron Prime aud Jacob Hurley, and who during your entire journey from America to India so persistently sought your life. 1 knew that I could better defend you by remaining in the background and keeping up my intercourse with him. 'When I engaged myself to you as your servant it was for the double purpose of studying your character further than I had the opportunity of doing,slid of persuading you to heed the warnings you would afterwards rcceivo from me, although Dhaia supposed MifttM would kill you labile at sfea. m Md&fek;&l; I lint 1 toid Urn - that you were an adi pt in tlie black arts; that j you could tore see disaster, and so avoid it, and ho finally came to believe it when the letter was snatched from your hand by au unseen power in the l'arls hotel, and he was lurned into an jmovable and powerless living statue by the force of my will as I13 was about to plunge his knife into your heart. ' From that time on he was afraid of you, ana made no further attempt upon your life until ho pat the snake in your blanket iu the camp near Bombay. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though I wjs near 1 would have been too late. But he was killed by liis own weapon, for in turning the snake from {TIC basket it stung him npon the wrist. The ball that you fired did him no harm; nevertheless, in half ah hour he was dead. ' To return, when the Rajah told me that 1 waB to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing but obey. To disobey would have meant death for me, and, on the other band; I knew that I could never hope to return to the palace of the Rijah while those whom he had doomed to death still lived, and that I would have cut them all down with my own hand had itbeen necessary for tho sake of returning to Nurha I do not deny. Bat it was not necessary, for Dhara did the deed even sooner than he had said he would. ' Sou will ba surprised to know that I made my home in the old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly I put you, all unknown to yourself, into a deep mesmeric sleep, and then roamed at large over the house. ' I read all the papers which Reuben Cogswell had left for you, and thus became as thoroughly acquainted with your purpose as you yourself. I also studied and knew your cliaracter as well as my own, and 1 found it to be lofty and noble and true. ' Then it was that I saw the solution of a problem which I never before had been able to solve —the reclamation of Nat ha from the poisons which infested her. ' You were going to India in search of her, as directed by the papers which Reuben Cogswell left. That you would love her 1 never doubted, snd if you could teach her to love you in return with the passion cf which I knew her to be capable, then I felt that my battle would be won, for, aa 1 have already explained, the existenco of perfect sympathy between her and another and stronger person only could effect the desired result. ' In the meantime you were basottingPrime and Hurley for their signatures to the document Cogswell had left behind, and they kept putting you off from time to time, until finally they gave a promise to meet you at nine o'clock on a certain evening. ' I was pleased at that, for I greitly desired that you should settle your affairs and etart fur India without delay. Bat in the meantime Dhara, who was flitting about from place to place like an evil spirit,'had become very restlf.ss snd impatient at the delay, and on the day you had secured tho promise from the two men he told me that he intended to kill them that night, or twenty-four hours before the time appointed for your meeting. • For a moment even 1 was at fault regarding the best course to be pursued under the circumstances, but suddenly, when almost in despair^ for I knew that Dhara would fulfil his threat if he could, an idea struck me which I resolyed to carry out, and it perfectly explains the seemingly inexplicable mystery regarding their signatures to the document. 'Tknew that your signature was as necessary to them as theirs were to you, and that night— the night before they were killed by Dhara—I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, soon after it had grown dark, and then, taking the.necessary papers with me from your pocket, I left you and hurried away to the house of Aaron Prime. ' Fortune favoured me, for I found Jacob Hurley with him. ' Of course they did not know me, but 1 represented myself as a friend of yours who had just arrived with news which made it necessary for you to leave in the early morning, telling them that you had given me the papers, and had told me to get their signatures to them, or, failing to do so, to destroy them before their eyes, letting -the money lie in the bank and rot away, of no use to anyone. ' They hesitated, and I went and held one of the papers over the lamp, but before it could take fire they both consented. If 1 used my powers somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good cauee, and without their knowledge. At all events, the signatures were secured and the papers were exchanged, and I returned again to the old Cogswell mansion and replaced the document in your pocket. ' On the night following, at the appointed time, you went to the mill office to meet them, knowing nothing of what I had done, it so happening that Dhara had been unable to put his purpose into execution until that evening, so that when you put in an appearance you found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the floor, and were accordingly in despair. 'When you returned to your home 1 waB fearful lest you would destroy the document without looking at it, now that you believed it worthless, and accordingly from the closet behind the fireplace where I was wont to conceal myself I exercised my power over you, and appearing before you, I forced you to see the face of your old friend, and so sent you out upon your second journey. 1 1 followed behind you through the storm and compelled you in imagination to meet the people yon sought, transact the business in due form,and come away, Although 1 paused long enough to take the papers bearing your signature from the two corpses, one of which you did not discover, I reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking back through the window, after leaving the office and transacting the business as you supposed, it was an effort of your own will, as mine was for the instant relaxed. 'The remainder is no mystery to you. You returned once more to the mill, satisfjingyourself that Prim6 was a corpse, afterwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. ' But I was able to release you, and went into Boston by the same train as yourself, feeling sure that you would take it. • Now, sahib, I have done. My work is completed; and you, having borne out my judgment of you from the first, have rescued Nurha from Nshmanha's power, and have taught her that happiness and content which passeth all understanding. When you peruse this Simrha will be no more bat throughout all eternity the bleasing of Simrha will hover like an angel of mercy and love over and around both you and Nurha ! Adieu!' » * » * Thus were explained the strange circumstances which had surrounded me for many months, and although Simrha's written lin 0s made plain the mystery of that terrible night of tempest when Prime aud Hurley were slain, I could never break entirely loose from the uncanny feelings which took possession of me when I thought,in all seriousness, that I had entered into a bargain with ghosts. * » » Fair weather took us swiftly on our way over the space that separated us from my native clime, so in due time we were sitting together, Nurha and 1, before the., blazing log fire, in the great front Mil of ihd Cogswell mineion. J2j XI. Her great, tender, loving ejes reflected the rich colours from the fireplace. My arm was around her perfect form, and her queenly head rested on iny shoulder. ' Nurha, my wife,' 1 said, with a loving hesitancy in pronouncing the new title she bore, ' is there anything which life lacks cow to fill your cup of happiness to the brim ?' * Nothing,' sbe replied, 4 nothing—you have brought me out from a world of sadness into a paradise of constant joy.' She rose from the low scat at my side, and swung herself round until her face hung just beneath mine, as it bad long ago in the porch of tha cottage in the Princess's Garden, with her soft arias clinging around my neck. Slowly, tenderly, lovingly, she drew my face down towards hf.r, raising her own to meet it, until our lips were melted together by the hot kiss of purest, passionate lovo. Oar eyes closed, and exquisite ecstasy flashed back and forth from her heart to mine, and from mine back to hers, as our two beings were merged into cne, and it throbbed and breathed and sighed in a flood of perfect, delicious, overpowering jcy and bliss. And thus were two lives crowned with the diadem of happiness. 