CHAPTER XV. ^'H£ BTOBY OF^BIBSST" . The words which my noble friend Simrha spefce .to me jost before we left India . for America were \- «Srue; his presentiment was realised, and from She time ^we embarked ho began to lose that •wonderful strength and'energy which were his . <thief characteristics. It was in vain that Norhn and I endeavoured toarousehimfrom-the increasingiethargy. He: would smile sadly, and say: \- 4 15 is not best to bid me stay when I am called to go.' _ He kept ns near him constantly, never tiring of seeinghs together, never -weary of gazing on onr perfect happiness, but he grew, steadily v eater , an J weaker. * .The ship's doctor, whom I insisted upon calling to his side, shook .his head and told us that there : k*asnothingthe matter; that the weaknesgandj lethargy would passiaWay ere long and leave hiia without asign.■ - Ay, and so they did, for one evening when^we were in the middle of the ocean,, aB Nnrha and D Assisted him to his state-room, he bade us enter with him. 'Sadia,' he said, when we were inside and the door was closed behind us, 4 we. are parting for the last time. 1 shall sleep to night never to wake again in this world. The days of my life, though, not many, have been fulfilled and in bringing happiness to yon I have crowned them with perfect success. Years ago, when I was buta boy, and yon,.Nurha, were a tender babe, I . tell upon my kneeB and prayed with all the f ervour and intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 might be given knowledge and strength and force ] of will to accomplish an oath X had taken, and | lclosed myprayerthus: 4 When it is done, then j let me die, surrounded , by happiness and peace, Childj my prayer was answered. 1 was given the. j knowledge and the strength to carry ont my work,' and with its accomplishments my life ends. It is meet that it should; X would prefer it so, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Do not mourn forme; think of me as -'abMht, not;: dead, for we but part for. a. time to be reunited. Hiss me and then leave ns, for X have a tvordto | say to the sahib.' ! She sank gently upon her knees at his side, and for a moment hurried her face in the pillow against which he was reclining. Then suddenly lifting her head as she cried: * Simrha—Simrha—tell me who you are ! Tsll SUB why Hove you so strangely, and yet with a new—a different love from all else.' 4 No, child ; no, Nurha—not now. "Whenl am gone the safcib will tell you. Believe me, it is better so.' She did not repeat her request, but she threw her arms around Ms neck and kissed him tenderly. Then, rising to her feet, she said: - ; " 4 lt is hard not to weep; but ypu have told me not, and I will obey;' and:;hendiug forward yet again, she pressed her lips to his; forehead, and then turned without another word and left us. ' 4 Sahib.' said Simrha, when We' were alone, 4 have you the sealed envelope I gave you in India ?' I bowed in reply. ' It is well, for it contains f.H that you wish to know. Now, come where I can place my hands Upon your head, that yon may receive file blessing of a dying- man.' I bent upon my knees before him,- and he rested his soft palms upon my forehead,for a mo ment in silence. 4 Arise,'said he then. 4 Return to Nucha and to everlasting light. Let not shadows fall upon you. Watch over her for whom you have risked your life and liberty. Wear the jewel yophaye wOn eternally upon your heart. Remember me as~a living friend who loved you both; forget that 1 which to-morrow will be buried in tiio sea Adieu. sahib.' " God 1)1'S3 you, Simrha!' 1 cried cliok 1 i"Jgiy ' It is ail one—your God and mine,' he said, slowly; ' and bo assured that Ho has indeed blessed me. That lie may bless you and her whom yon love shall bo my last prayer. Adieu, sahib, adieu.* I fell upon my knees beforo him, and I, too, pressed my lips to his forehead, then rose and rushed blindly away. On the morrow we found liim there dead, and , later in the day his body was consigued to the ! unfathomable depths of the ocean. That night, with Nucha at my side, 1 broke the seal of the envelope, and read what he had written there. 1 will give it in his own words exactly as he had written it: ' I know, sahib, that my life's work is done; I ; know that the number of my days are counted nearly to the end, and I deem it hast to take this mode of communicating to you rather than by telling it, and so adding to the sorrow of the pert ing that must come. ' I am the first born to Nurha's mother, and-she" was the next and last; therefore we are brother and sister, although she has no knowledge of the existence of a near relative. ' What little she knows about her family 1 have told her. * We came of an accursed race, according to the rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to the mix ture of blood in our veins, and as oar mother's mother was starved to death by the Rajah Nah manba's father, so my mother grew up to woman hood in constant fear and blighted by never end ing aversion. Her own kin hated lier, but there came one who loved her, a young prince of a neighbouring state, and the Rajah was compelled to consent to their union. ' I was the first child born to them, and a con stant guard was kept over me uutil I was twelve years old, for Nahmanba had sworn that the mixture of Wood should not be perpetuated, and many attempts were made to end iny frail young life. However, at the age of twelve I was stolen from my mother's side and hurried away to the mountains, where I was to be put to death. But X was hardy and strong and cunning, and 1 suc ceeded^ escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. ' During t wo years I was a veritable wild boy, living in the mountains, subsisting on such food as 1 could find; and then, feeling that I would not be recognised, 1 made my way to the Rajah 8 palace—the home of my enemy. ' I do not know what power attracted me there but I went, without fear, and became oneof the retainers, and have continued there ever since. -. ' Two years later Narha was born, her mother giving up her life for hers, and a month later my father was bitten by a cobra and died. * The Rajah Nahmanha at once saw the oppor tunity he desired, and the babB, Hatha, was placed,defenceless as she was, in the diabolical garden of poisons. * It was many months before I knew of it, hut when it did come to my knowledge I went away j out into the mountains where I could find solitude and, falling upon my knees, 1 swore that 1 would devote my life to Nurha^-to tbo work of freeing her from the terrible thraldom of the poisons— ■that every energy of my being should be utilised for tier sake—She was the only one left of my family, and 1 swore that 1 would one day see her in the ienjbymentof happiness. That day has come at last 1 '. * I worked and studied with all my strenjgth and mind. .Xn my youthful ardour I undertook to master all the sources of knowledge, deter mined at least to know all that the Rajah NaU manhaknew. \- * Ere long I attracted his attention, and he taught ine mueh that I could not have learned [-•isewhere, and gave me the privilege of his library which was very;extehsive and complete. 1 studied flowers and horticulture generally, and surrepti- j iously obtained many ofthe Rajah's notes, made ] while he was creating the princess's Garden. I j used to glove my hands and cut slips from many of the poisonplants, and carry them away with me to the mountains, where I had resolved to raise a garden where some day I could take Nurha when I should have stolen her. \- ' My knowledge of the Rajah's science became very great—greater than his own, though he never suspected it. But be found that I had a quick , mind, and he taught me many of-the occult mys- j teries of which he-was master, and, I, myself, \ unaided by any ono, discovered a powder, lighter ' than gaSj' which, when suddenly blown into the ! air when jib breeze was stirring, formed itself into -animpenetrablo'veil impossible to sea-through, and therefore rendering a person behind At in visible. .It will float for a long time, but gradn 'Wlly absorbs oxygen, and settles down until the way is once more open. It has served me well' many times, having saved me from discovery by the Rajah often. It enabled me to elude the searchers aboard the steamship •; * it enabled me to seize the envelope from your hand in the Paris hotel when you were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by the person who brought it to you. Had you opened that envelope you would have been blinded for ever by the powder which would have flown into your eyes from it; it finally enabled us to escape the horde of the Rajah's followers, concealing us while they dashed onward through the mountain pass. , ' Among the arts of which 1 became master was ■ that of mesmerism, so called—the power of mind over mind—the projecting power of the will, ' and that also has served me well, and you, sahib. ' The Ilaj&h; possessed entire confidence in me, and I was entrusted with many secret and delicate missions for him, but never once did I allow my self to forget the oath 1 had taken—never once did I: relax that eternal vigilance which I well knew to be the price of Nurha's liberty. 'In a moment of unusual confidence he related to me the story of Reuben Cogswell and my grand mother, audi then knew for the first time why it was that he had sought to take my life. ' The knowledge that Reuben Cogswell still lived, and near him others who were possessed of this secret—the taint of foreign blood in his family—was a continual thorn in the Rajah s side, which he finally resolved to pluck out and destroy by putting to death all who shared the deadly knowledge. ' Since the time of his father, who was even more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept himself well informed concerning the Americans he hated, and at last formed the resolution I have referred to, and one Dhara and myself were selected to carry out the awful work. ' Dhara was a cunning, unscrupulous villain possessing enough general knowledge and educa tion to make lum dangerous, and he was, more over, a master-hand at disguises. It was he who killed Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley, and who during your entire journey from America to India so persistently sought your life. 1 know that I could better defend you by remaining in the i background and keeping up my intercourse with bim. 'When I engaged myself to you as your servant it was for the double purpose of studying jour character further than 1 had the opportunity of doing,aud of persuading yon to heed the warnings von would afterwards receive from me, although Dhara supposed that I would kill you while at sea. ' He did think that 1 tried, hut 1 told him that yon were an adept in the black arts ; that you could foresee disaster, and so avoid it, and he finally came to believe it when the letter was snatched from your hand by an unseen power in the Paris hotel, and ha was turned into an {movable and powerless living statue by the force of my will as he was about to pluuge his knife into your heart. ' From that time on he was afraid of you, and made no further attempt upon your life until bo pat the snake in your blanket in the camp near Bombay. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though I wvis near 1 would have been toolate. ; But ho was killed by his own weapon, for in j turning the snake from tne basket it stung him upon the wrist. -The ball that you fired did him | no harm; nevertheless, in half an hour he was dead. ' To retnrn, when the fir. j ah told me that I was ( to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing but obey. To disobey would have meant death f«5 me, and. on the other hand, I knew that I could never hope to return to -the palace of ike Bajali while those whom he had doomed to death still lived, and thai I would j have cut tliem all down with iny own hand had it heen'tieeossary for the sake or'returning-toklurha I do not deny. But it was not necessary, for Dhara did the deed even sooner than he had said [ be would. * You will b9 surprised to know that I made my j home in the old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly j I put you, all unknown to yoursc-if, into a deep mesmeric sleep, and then roamed at large over the j house. • I read all the papers which Reuben Cogswell had left for yon, and thus 'became as thoroughly ; acquainted with your purpose as you yourself. I j I also studied and knew your character as well as ; my own, and 1 found it to be Icftv and noble and ; true. ' ' Then it was that 16aw the solution of a pro blem which I never before had been able to solve I —the reclamation of Nurha from the poisons j which infested her. ' You were going to India in search of her, as directed by the papers which Reuben Cogswell left. That yon would love her 1 never doubted, and if you could teach her to love you in return with the passion of which I knew her to be ] capable, then I felt that my battle would be won, for, as 1 have already explained, the existence of perfect sympathy between her and another and stronger person only could effect the desired j result. ' In the meantime you were besetting Prime and j Hurley for their signatures to the document j Cogswell had left behind, and tbey kept putting j you off from time to time, until finally they gave j a promise to meet you at nine o'clock on a certain I evening. • j ' 1 was pleased at that, for I greatly desired that you should settle your affairs and start for India without delay. But in the meantime Dhara, who was flitting about from place to place like an evil spirit, had become very restless and impatient at the delay, and on the day you had secured the promise from the two men he told me that he intended to kill them that night, or twenty-four hours beforo the time appointed for I your meeting. "** " For a moment even 1 was at fault regarding ; the best course to be pursued under the circuni- | stances, but suddenly, when almost in -despair^ for I knew that Dhara would fulfil his threat if he could, an idea struck me which I resolved to carry out, and it perfectly explains the seemingly inex plicable inyEiecy regarding their signatures to the document. ' I knew that your signature was aswneeessavy to them as theirs were to you, and that night— the night before they were killed by Dhara—I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual,, soon after it had grown dark, and then, taking | the necessary papers with ni9 from your pocket, I- ] left you and hurried away to the bouse of Aaron Prime. i 'Fortune favoured me, for I found Jacob Hurley i with him. ' Of course they did not know me, but 1 repre sented myself as a friend of yours who had just j arrived with news which made it necessary for you to leave in the early morning, telling them that you had given me the papers, and had told me to get their signatures to them, or, failing to do so, to destroy them before their eyes, letting j the money lie in the bank and rot away, of no use | to anyone. . •They hesitated, and I went and held one of the papers over the lamp, but before it could take , fire tbey both consented. If 1 used my powers j somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good cause, ! and without their knowledge. At all events, the J signatures were secured and the papers were j exchanged, and I returned again to the old Cogs well mansion and replaced the document in your j pocket. ' On the night following, at the appointed time, you went to the mill office to meet them, knowing nothing of what I had done, it so happening that Dhara had been unable to put his purpose into execution until that evening, "so that when you put in an appearance yon found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the ftoor, and were accordingly in despair. ■ ] 'When you returned to your home 1 was fear ful lest you would destroy the ^document without looking at it, now that you believed it worthless, i and accordingly from the closet behind the fire-j place where I was wont to conceal myself I exer- ! cised my power over you, and appearing before you, 1 forced you to see the face of your old friend, and so sent you oat upon your second journey. ' 1 followed behind you through the storm and compelled you in imagination to meet the people you sought, transact ths business in due form,and come away, Although 1 jiaused long enough to take the papers bearing your signature from the two corpses, one of which you did not discover, 1 reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking hack through the window, after leaving the office and transacting the business as yon supposed, it was an effort of your own will, as mine was for the instant relaxed. ' The remainder is no mystery to you. You returned once nioro to the mill, satisfying yourself that Prime was a corpse, afterwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. | ' But I was able to release you, and went into J Boston by the same train as yourself, feeling sure that you would take it. ' Now, sahib, I have done. My work is com pleted ; and you, having borne out my judgment of you from the first, have rescued Nurha from Nahmanha's power, and have taught her that happiness and content which passeth all under standing. ' When you peruse this Simrka will be no more hut throughout all eternity the blessing of Simrha will hover like an angel of mercy and love over and around both you aud Nurha ! Adip.n *' Thus were explained the strange circumstances which had surrounded me for mauy months, and although Simrha's written linos made plain the mystery of that terrible night of tempest when Prime and Hurley were slain, I could never break entirely loose from the uncanny feelings which took possession of me when I thought,in all seriousness, that I had entered into a bargain with ghosts. Fair weather took us swiftly on our way over the space that separated us from my native clime, so in due time we were sitting together, Nurha aud 1, before the blaring log lire, in the great fremt hall of the Cogswell mansion. Itj XI. Her great, tender, loving eyes reflected the rich colours from the fireplace. My arm was around, her perfect form, and her queenly head rested on my shoulder. ' Nurha, my wife,' 1 said, with a loving hesi tancy in pronouncing the new title she bore, * is there anything which life lacks now to fill your cup of happiness to the brim ?' * Nothing,' she replied, ' nothing—you have brought me out from a world of sadness into a paradise of constant joy.' She roso from the low seat at my side, and swung herself round until hur face hung just beneath mine, as it had long ago in the porch of the cottage in the Princess's Garden, with her sol! arms clinging around my neck. Slowly, tenderly, lovingly, she drew my face down towards Ufa-, raising her own to meet it, until our lips were melted together by the hot kiss of purest, passionate love. Our eyes closed, and exquisite ecstasy flashed back and forth from her heart to mine, and from mine back to hers, as our two beings were merged into eae, and it throbbed and breathed and sighed in a flood of perfect, delicious, overpowering jcy and bliss. And thus were two lives crowned with the dia dem of happiness. 