SIR ANTHONY'S SECRET; OS, A FALSE POSITION. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "The Great Mill-street Mystery, " Jacobi's Wife," "Under False Pretences, "No Saint," "A Life Sentence," "Deveril' Diamond," &e.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the aathor. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XX.-(Continued.) Was the matter quite so simple as it seemed to Lady Betty 1 Was there any reason why that particular day-the eve of Elfridas twenty-first birthday - should have been chosen for a grand ball in which she was to appear in the costume of a celebrated Kester ton beauty of the time when George the Third was king? Sir Anthony was not a man to concern himself about trifles save for an ex ceedingly good reason. Why should he aid and'abet Lady Betty Stormont in tricking Elfie out in borrowed raiment, and by so doing Erobably bring down Lady Kesterton's eaviest wrath upon her head. There seemed to Henry, in spite of his habit of looking on the sunniest side of things, something sinister, something ominous in this mode of proceeding. It was, of course, easily conceivable that Sir Anthony did not know that the twelfth of December was Elfrida's birthday, and that the date of the ball had nothing to do with her at all; but Henry's fine and sensitive organisation had begun to perceive the presence of a threatening something in the air-a mystery, a catastrophe, he knew not what, but something vaguely amiss; and he was trying in all possible ways to account for the presentiment that troubled him more than he would have liked to allow. Troubled him because he had found more than once that it had been followed by disaster. A chronic invalid is sometimes more conscious than healthy people of the approach of disease or death or misfortune. And perhaps Henry had inherited a touch of the clairvoyant faculty which his grandmother was rumored to have brought in ancient days almost to the point of divination and prophecy. Elfrida came in presently with flushed cheeks and shining eyes; she had had her con ference with Betty, and no premonitions of evil disturbed her mind. She was young, pretty, ready for enjoyment, and the prospect of appearing beautifully dressed at a ball where perhaps she would be found worthy of admiration in the eyes of the one man whose opfnion she cared for-this prospect was truly alluring to her. "Betty has told you?" she said. "Yes." He forced himself to smile. "When are you going to investigate the treasures of the press?" "This afternoon. It is Saturday, you know. Betty and I will dress up and exhibit our selves for your benefit. Nearly everybody will be out; there is some great occasion in South borough and all the people are driving over to meet royalty; so we shall have the place to ourselves." "Undisturbed by vagrant men," commented Henry, with a rather mischievous look. " Even Philip and his bosom friend have gone to the fete, I suppose." " I suppose so. At least I don't know what you mean by Philip's bosom" friend," said Elfie rather consciously. But she did not stay to hear the name; she knew well enough that it was Lord Beaulieu whom Harry meant. " What stores of things for 'dressing up!'" sighed Lady Betty that afternoon as Terry and Elfrida helped her to ransact the two oak chests of old, forgotten garments which were stowed away in dim corners of the picture gallery. "One would think they had never been routed out for fifty years or more." " Dear heart, but they are musty," said the somewhat disgusted Terry. "And they'll want airing before you young ladies put them on." "They are strong of camphor and lavender and sandal-wood and all sorts of nice things," said Elfrida. "I don't mind the mustiness one bit. What a delicious brocade! Look at it, how it shimmers! Now if I could wear that!" "Wait a minute," said Lady Betty with rather an intent look at the brocade. "Let me look at something here-yes, it is as I thought. Elfie, that's the very identical Eattern; you have hit 011 Lady Elfrida's own rocade !" Elfrida ran to the picture-it was one that startled and repelled her at first, and then drew her with a singular charm. The likeness that she recognised, without fully comprehending, had a curious effect upon her. But at tins moment she looked at the brocade rather than at the delicate, listening face; and then she smiled with pleasure. "Yes," she said in rather a low voice, "it, is the very same." .' And here is some lace," said Lady Betty eageily. "Now run away to your.own room and try the things on, Elfie; that is the brocade, and here-oh, here is the rose-colored satin petticoat. You will be quite perfect if the dregs fits. I must come with you, 'and Terry "too." And so it happened that as the dusk of the autumnal day was gathering Philip Winyateg, entering the picture gallery on his way to visit Henry, found himself confronted by a bravely clad fantastic figure that looked as if it had stepped straight out of the frame oi the picture . near which it stood. It was Elfrida, wno had been left there for a minute while Lady Betty ran back to her room for some forgotten orna men, and the old-fashioned dress so much in creased her likeness to the painted Lady Elfrida of 1785 that Philip could not repress a sudden start. "Isit.really you, Elfrida?" " Me or a ghost," she answered, laughing rather tremulously, for there was something in the likeness between herself and the dead woman whose clothes she wore which rather weighed upon her nerves. "What do you think of it ?" "It is curiously like," murmured Philips with a strange sort of apprehension in his eyes. "Yes, is it not ? Of course the dress makes one look so like the picture. You see we found it all; the rose-colored petticoat and the brocade sacque-cream- colored, embroidered with differently shaded flowers aud rose colored knots of ribbon. Lady Betty is trying to find some pearls for me; you see she wears a pearl necklace in the picture; and then I shall be-perfect." "You are that already," Philip whispered. There was a queer little thrill of admiration, of longing, of suppressed emotion, in his voice. Perhaps Elfrida did not notice it; perhaps she refused to attend; at any rate, she went on tranquilly. " And of course I shall have to have my hair owdered. It is for the fancy ball, you know; ut you must not tell anyone, Mr. Winyates; it is to be a secret. Have the other people come back yet ? If so, I must go away." "No; nobody will be at home for the next hour or two. I left early. But where did you get the dress, if you don't mind my asking?" "Sir Anthony wishes me to wear it. He sent the key of the oak chest by Lady Betty, to see if we could find it." She turned again to the picture and contemplated it steadily. Perhaps she did not altogether want to ob serve the expression of utter bewilderment which was making itself visible on Philip's features. "You should go as Montrose, or Strafford, or Charles I.," she went on quietly; "you have their east of countenance." " I hope I am not quite so unfortunate as they," he said with a, laugh. He was trying to recover from his surprise. She glanced at him slightly. "There are many ways of being unfortu nate," she said, pulling at one of herjace frills and wondering where Betty could be ; " and you have certainly a rather tragic kind of face " Belied by my history." "I don't know." She gave him a keener look than before. "You know there are tragedies in the lives of most people-failures of hope, of aspiration and effort, which are not written out in plain hand. But you bare more traces of a history than most people." " And pray what is my failure or my tragedy ?" said Philip, a little piqued. "How can I tell? Effort, I should think," she answered with a smile. " Effort ? Failure of effort. I do not at all understand." " Of course not. I was only talking non sense. What should I know about it? (I wonder where Betty can be.) I was only thinking that life must be very quiet in this little country place, and that you must have suffered-or perhaps failed-forgive me for . saying so-before you could have allowed your self to drift so listlessly down the stream." _ A dull red flush rose to Philip's brow as he listened.- How was it that this child had laid her finger unerringly on the one sore spot in his life-the failure of his earlier aspirations, the gradual content with the languor of idleness ? And how had it come about ? "You are right," lie said with some emotion, "more right than you suspect. I have been-I am-a failure in the fworld. I have written a little, but I have not done half what I might have done and I have worked for my own pleasure only. You can understand, you can sympathise. I have never met with a woman before " " Betty! Betty!" cried Elfrida, catching sight of a figure flying past the door that led to her room. " I am here; come." "In a moment," said a clear distinct voice. " I broke the string and had to pick up all the beads up. Wait where you are." "No, I will come to you," said Elfrida hurriedly, but as she turned to pick up her train Philip laid his hand softly_ upon her wrist. " One moment, Elfrida. I did not mean to offend you. But will you not listen to me ?" She paused and looked at him. She had always liked his face; she had thought it re fined, melancholy, gentle. She had also thought it of late somewhat irresolute and weak, but there was a new light in Jiis soft brown eyes, a new expression of determination about the Bet of his lips which intimidated her a little. " Why should I listen just now ?" she said, "I am thinking about balls-and chiffons. Ib is not the time for a discussion on character or fortune." "But there are some things that will not be left unsaid. There are some things which a woman must know in the long run-why should they not be told at once ? Elfrida, I love you-I love you with my whole heart. Could you not-some day-be happy as my wife ?" Had a bombshell exploded at Elfrida's feet -had the earth opened and threatened to swallow her up-she could not have been much more surprised. The instinct by whioh a mature woman can tell whether a man admires her long before he has put his admiration into words is not fully developed all at once, and Elfrida was as yet unused to love-making. Philip Winyates had always seemed old to her-a man who used to teach her and scold her in her baby days- it was absurd to think of his asking^ her to be his wife! In her perturbation of mind she began to laugh hurriedly, but the laughter had within it a sound of tears. " It is impossible, Philip," she said. " Oh, quite impossible!" " But why, Elfrida ? Could you not care for me V' " Oh, not in that way. As a friend, yes, but nothing else." "Why say so in that decided way? Think a little; take time. I don't want to hurry you. Is it because I have been so idle'! Have done so little in the world ? With you to impiva me, Elfrida, I feel as if I could conquer any thing." " Oh, but it is no use my thinking or taking time, or anything of that sorb," said Elfrida, in her outspoken fashion. "I could never cars for you. And besides, I cannot believe-it is not possible " " Ah, don't say that you don't believe in my love for you!" "But how can I? You have known me for a few weeks practically-that is all-and may I say everything?-you have cared for some one else for a great many years, at least, if all the stories that I have. heard are true. Your old love cannot have died so suddenly." "It has been dead for years. Oh, believe that, Elfie, at any rate. I know whom you mean. I have kept up an old friendship and that is all. I ceased to love her many years ago; when she gave me up to marry, a richer man." She gave him a quick, searching look, then shook her head sadly. " I am glad that you do not care for her. I was told you did-still. Bub that makes no difference to me. I do not love you; and if I do nob love you, how can I be your wife ?" "You might learn to love me, Elfie. Will you not try?' She sighed and shook her head. "No," she said softly, "I cannot even promise that. I can promise nothing but to be your friend." "Here are the pearls," cried Betty, entering with a somewhat whirlwind effect upon the scene. "Put them on, Elfie; and now-now look at her, Mr. Winyates, and say if she is not absolutely perfect!" (To le continued.) 