Where to Jt'iinl Xlieiu. Tlie following verses, which our Moo- j roopna contemporary state- it clipped from oil exchange, have been r -ml here with a- ( much interest af if they had Iocil tiguiti- t eance, judginj from several fact* within ( our knowledge :— I There's a sweet little spot by the river , Where miracles are daily wrought, j In turuinir good water to beer Ltv the aid of some malt in the woit. 1 Il's’lovely and cool when business is slack, I To wander along on the brewery track. ( occluded and quiet, the site is you bet. Away from the Publie(au’s) eye, 1 Where the students of Bacchus assemble, 1 And the brewery cask is ne'er dry. ■ No person wdiu's vulguh 'a allowed at the , !fo one's character's safe on the ltrewerv | One student has studied the law. < another one "~tu-s" for the •• mash,” i And labelling ixsitle* ltai Jove ! , He takes his stuff neat (without cash). It's lovely nisi oo.il around at the ••rack,” ' After a stroll oil the brewery track. I If the weather be hot a cooler they want, 1 (At this sweet little spot there's no 1 slate); 1 •Should the winter be cold a warmer they . And they’re very soon inside of the gate. . The Brewer’s-a swell, who likes Tom and 1 Jack To Tat-rouise hiuvou the Brewery track. j If you want to reduce an account at the j t Or only a letter to post, Or a magistrate stout to sit on the Bench. To tind either him or his ghost_ 1 (to this wav round and t’other way back, ’ And you're bound to find one on tlie Brew- 1 ery track. I 'They're powerful swells, the creme de I haut ton," i A farmer can never come near; The way to mix with them and gain their esteem, I Is to “ poodle " around and drink beer. < But a sensible man, with a bone in his : back, Keeps clear of the cads on the Brewery Ur John Baird, of Messrs Tobin and Baird, Bundalong, died this week. The 1 deceived nas resided in Bundalong for the < past 10 or 12 years and was highly res peeled. Heath was caused by cancer in the stomach. Deceased’s age was G'2 years. i On Tuesday, 10th inst., an interesting marriage ceremony was performed at i Bundalong, when Miss Annie Elizibeth M’Phail was united to Mr A. \V. Jamie son, State school teacher, of Kyabratn, late 1 of Bundalong. 1 Mr Coates has offered to lay down plant 1 for gasworks in Yarrawonga, and the : Council are considering the mattir. ! 