Possibilities of tlio Bolls. Bell-ringers ought to be able to give a ohapgo of bill tit ovory performance. It is curious to notice what a variety ot changes can be rung on bolls. Eight notes will givo 40,820 different messages, and ton notes 9,658,880. Tho ohangoB whioh may be wrung on twelve bells aro 479,001,000, whioh, at ihe rate of two strokes a second, will tako ninety-one yoars to rina. Another nnthnritv Baya, upon tho calculation of ringing 720 : shangos in an hour, it would tako an inacs-) ?ant ringing of thirty-Boven years to com-, pleto 479,000,000. Fourteen bells, at tho rate first given, would tako 10,575 years to I aoaompliBn tho changes, and upon twenty- j four bells tho ohanges oould not bo rung in/ Iobb than 117,000 billiona of yoars, and no] concort oompany ia liboly to hold togothor' for a ' season ' of that length. f( Speaking of tho total depravity of human nature, have you evor noticed that nothing makoB a dootor so happy aB to disoover some new disease? Small Boy : ' Thoro'a ono thing in the Bible Sis says sho'd liko to obango.' Minister: 'Impossible! What oan it be, my yonng man ?' Small Boy : ' Her age, sir,' ' Are you sura it was the spirit of Lind. ley Murray who oamo at tho medium's call?' '' Oh, yes, he said so himself. I said, 'I want tho spirit of Lindloy Murray,' and tho ghost replied : ' I'm him.' ' An eleotrioion haa invented a wondorful Wutoh that will tell a man whon hia noto ia coming duo. His watoh would be a great doal moro remarkable, ub well aB uaoful, if it would tell tho men whero to got the money to pay tho noto. .Old gentleman (at his daughter's wed ding) : »' My dear, I don't soe howl I am to get along without you.' Bride : ' Nover mind, pa. Sinoo tho cere mony was performed my husband lias oon. leased that bo hasn't enough saved to go to housekeeping, so you may not lose mo after all.' Architect (displaying tho plans) : ' Hera is tho front elevation, with tho outsido win dow and oironlor gallery j this ia tho caBt' elevation, showing oriel towor,' Teddy (onormouBly interested in iho new-, ? house): ' And whore aro tho two morige,j5eir pu said he wbb going to put on,' Hotel Waiter: 'A man is raising a dis turbanon beoauso ho can't get bin usual seat attho table.' Manager : ' Go in and propitiato hia in Homo way.' Waiter (in dining-room) : ' Here you I If you don't liko tlio woy thiri's aro ilnno . liore*. v,i:t out, cr I'll {jrr;ii:u,tu j Jjrcily iiuick.' ? j 