Sydney Presbytery. A meeting of the Presbytery of Sydney was held in St. Stephen's Church, Phillip-street, last evening, under the presidency of the Moderator, the Rev. John Walker. The attendance was meagre. The Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, interim moderator of the North St. Leonards charge, was removed from the position, owing to illness, and the Rev. W. Dill-Mackay appointed in his. stead. The following extension appointments were announced : Dulwich Hill, the Rev. G. S. Moore head; North St. Leonards, Mr. . Hugh Young; Woolwich, Mr. Geo. Milne; Marrickville, the Rev. J. F. Briggs. The Woolloomooloo church was granted moderation in a call to be held on the 31st instant. The Moderator of the presbytery and the moderator of the charge were selected to preside, and the clerk of «the presbytery was directed t» serve the edict. The Revs. J. Ewen and Peter M'Queen, of Armldale, were associated. A question was raided by Mr. F. O. Taylor with reference to the transference of communicants. The Rev. W.. S. Frackelton moved that a committee be appointed to pre pare a minute for furtherance to the General Assembly so as to produce uniformity in the church. The previous question was carried. The committee appointed to prepare answers to reasons of appeal in the Kogarah case was ordered to give in itS report at the next meeting. . A progress report, handed in by the cemeteries' committee, was read, and notice was given of a motion to the effect that the Revs. P. F. Mackenzie and J. M. Ross be appointed trustees of the Devonshire-street Cemetery, which was reported to be in a very disgraceful condition. The convener of the committee, on the application of the Rev. G. Chapman, wrote intimating that Mr. Chapman had withdrawn his application, , and that he had returned his papers. A motion was . given . notice of by the Rev. Mr. Frackelton concerning the conduct of the convener in question. The committee on Mill' Hill reported, and it was resolved that all equitable claims by the Waver congregation on the Mill Hill property would be met by the payment of JB162 10s, in lieu of the i;li5 lent to Mill Hill by the committee of Waverley, Mill Hill committee to take over all other claims on the property. ' The Christmas Caeol.'-^-Mt. Parker Lewis gave a recital of Dickens's ' Christmas Caroll ' in the Point Piper-road Congregational School Hall yesterday evening1, under the auspices of the Woollahra Eclectic Society. The Rev. J. Fordyce, M.A., presided. Owing probably to the incle mency of the weather, the attendance was not large. However, the audience was an appreciative one, and the reciter was frequently applauded for the masterly way in which he dealt with his rather great undertaking. Mr. Lewis is an elocutionist of undoubted ability, and the manner in which he sustained the interest of his auditors for nearly two hours without ever becoming tedious and. monotonous affords ample proof of, his capabilities. His best impersonation was that of grasping old Scrooge, who, devoid of all human sympathy, devoted his whole life to the. attainment of the 'almighty dollar,' and whose dis regard for Christians was such that if he had the power he would boil, in his own pudding «very idiot who went about with ' Merry Christ mas '* on his lips, and bury him with a stick of holly through^ his heart. The interviews with Marley's ghost and. the three spirits , were ad mirably portrayed, and much dramatic intensity was infused into the scene with the last spirit in the churchyard, wiiere Scrooge sees his own name written on the tombstone, implores for mercy, and is finally reclaimed. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Lewis on the conclusion of the recital. READ THIS. '.???' Thy voice is always near me, .-?'- N Tho'; thy face I sever see. He could have «een her face easily enough if he had «n his nose fixed A. Sannder'e Pantopeir's Spects., at ?e 6d — most BooihLag and comforting. . Highly re commended. And try, also, his 4s 6d Pebbles. ,811, and 813, George-street, nearly opposite the 'Railway Station. Mind, paste -the address 'in your hat.— 0. ?., 