Pedlar's Pack. [Br ADTOLYCUS.] THE winter has fairly set in, and the cold is sharp enough to find ont the weak armor in one's joints. It is indeed " an eager and a nipping air," and bites shrewdly at times, as one who trudges along the barren wastes, his pack on his shoulders, can testify. Now, in good sooth, is "the winter of my discontent," for every bone in my body aches with rheumatics, and I think I shall have to lay up in lavender-or blankets-for a short spell. But this is the kind of weather which delights the heart of the footballer, and the yell of the barracker startles the solitary hills around every Saturday afternoon. The knights of the willow have temporarily ceased from "pursuing fugitive pieces of leather," but an even more active pursuit of the leathern sphere has succeeded. Well, they are mostly a fine lot of fellows, though a trifle rough at times ; and perhaps it does them good to let off their exuberant animal spirits in this way rather than at the expense of peaceable citizens. However, I would much rather be a looker-on than a participator in the game, and not all the wealth of the Proprietary-modern version of " all the wealth of the Indies"-could make me take the post of that much-abused individual, the field umpire. Were he as just as Aristides, he could not please the losing side, and their " barrackers," in the heat; of the game, do not scruple to threaten him with black eyes and a broken head-and even a rope at times. * * * This little exordium on football reminds me of the great need there is in Broken Hill of a proper recreation ground, on which cricket cculd be played in summer and football in winter, and where the annual sports of the A.M.A., friendly societies, &c;, could be held. Such a ground Bhould be fenced in, an oval formed, and grass laid "down ; and as a small sum could be charged the public for admission, a stand and other improve- ments should soon be erected. The bene- fit to both players and the public would be very great, and the crowd would be prevented from encroaching on the space reserved for play or sports. The Govern- ment, in response to an application from various sporting clubs, and societies, has granted the greater portion of that piece of land known as the North Broken Hill reserve for a recreation ground ; and though it is perhaps not the most suitable or convenient position for that purpose, still the trustees might make a iuove to have it fenced in and do something in the way of forming an oval. It ÍB a serious reflection on the public spirit of the com- munity that a place as large and important as Broken Hill should be without a proper ground on which to hold sports or meet visiting teams. * * * The hospital committee has resigned at last ; but though I am not one of those who delight in trampling on the carcases of prostrate foes, I must say that there is an inclination to let them down a little too lightly, considering that their last act was done in a manner calculated to put their opponents and the instituiion, whose interests they profess to have so much at heart, in the tightest fix possible. Perhaps thia was onlyjhuman nature ; but if these gentlemen had really placed the welfare of the hospital before their own wounded self-esteem they would, before locking up the funds, have made provision for the payment of the April salaries and accounts. As they had been acting illegally for the last four months, a few more illegal acts .would have mattered little. They would also, if the professions of interest in the hospital which they have so loudly made mean anything, have co-operated with their late opponents in endeavoring to get a really representative committee appointed by the Government. Ii they had done this, then it might have been said that no act of theirs while in office had become them like the leaving of it, whereas their action now bears the appearance of petty spitefulness. No one wished to exclude the whole of them from the committee or deny them their fair share of representation, though they refused it to others as long as they could. The doctors come out of the affair a bit better ; but they also are sore over criticisms to which they would never have been subjected but for the false position in which they placed themselves by sitting and voting on the committee. This might have been beneficial, and even necessary, in the early days of the institution ; but the time has come when the rule which prevails in othei cities should be observed. However, there is one thing of which I feel quite certain, viz., that, even if the Government subsidy is locked up till next January, the citizens of Broken will not let the hospital languish for want of funds, whether the committee which takes charge is legally there or not. * * * " There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in om philosophy,"was the very wise observation of Hamlet to his friend after he had be- held his father's ghost ; and the strange intelligence that a ghost has been haunt- ing the Proprietary mine caused one to doubt whether there are not more things under theearth also thangeologiats wot of. I am not myself a believer in ghosts. I have trudged about with my pack at all hourB of the night, and the worst things I have seen have unfortunately been beings of my own species. Still I think that any man who examines the belief in supernatural appearances impartially must come to the same conclusion arrived at by a recent writer on the subject in one of the English magazines, viz., that the weight of evidence is, on the whole, in their favor. The belief has existed in all ages, and even many of our modern scientists are believers in spiritualism. The highest tragic effects of Shakespeare, in "Hamlet" and "Macbeth" are based on the belief ; so there is no reason why we should laugh at simple miners who are persuaded that they have seen a ghost. Whether it be merely a hallucination of the individual, or thai some men and women-like the seers and prophets of old and the mediums ol modern] times-are born to see visions, matters little if the appearance is there, But I cannot understand why a ghosl should haunt the Proprietary, and I ven ture to predict that even the appearance of a hundred ghosts would not cause thc abandonment of the rich treasures whicl yet remain in the bowels pf the earth. * * * The cable messages inform us that i strike of compositors left the city o Vienna, the capital of Austria, withou morning papers last Saturday. Sydney and Melbourne were threatened with i similar deprivation during the recen maritime strike, but the labor leader thought better of their first determina tion. Therein they were wise in thei generation. In Vienna the people mai be able to go without their daily papers but to an Anglo-Saxon race they ar simply a necessity. They may growl a themoccasionally-growhngis proverbial!; the privilege of the Anglo-Saxon-bu they cannot do without them. The who! industrial machinery of the country migh be stopped without raising much com motion, but the stoppage of -the news papers would be the last straw whicl would break the backs of the long suffering public. You do meet mei occasionally who tell you that they kne\ about things 24 hours before the new« papera got wind of it, and that the journal are awfully slow ; but you will not fail t notice that these individuals generali; know too much-i.e., they know of thing before they have happened-and as ofte: as not get bitten over their exclusive information, if they are fools enough to act on it. * * ? The loose parental control exercised over children in Broken Hill has fre- quently been a subject of comment in the columns of the BARRIER MUTER, and I must now add my mite of testimony. As I was resting with my pack the other day, I happened to observe several little girls who were playing one of the usual chil- dren's games-imitating father and mother and going out shopping, &c.; I always take great interest in such games, remind- ing me as they do of my own youthful days and happy times, which, alas ! can never come again ; so I watched them with curiosity. Presently I beard the little girl, who enacted the part of father coming home for dinner, address the sup- posed "mother" as follows:-"Where the - is my - dinner ? " Shocked as I was at hearing such blasphemy from infant lips, it was easy to perceive that the child was simply imitating "father" in good faith, and had no idea that she was saying anything wicked. The little girl represent- ing mother busied herself in getting dinner, and another girl said to the impersonator of " father," " You must keep on swear- ing." An incident such as this shows very clearly how the example set their children by parents bears fruit. What is the use of telling their little ones that swearing is wicked and Binful when they indulge in blasphemy themselves on the slightest |provocation ? Children are naturally imitative animals, and who are they more likely to imitate than theil parents? I have not myself given hostages to fortune in shape of wife and children, but I pen this par. for the benefit of the great majority which has. 