, THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE “STACK COUNTRY” OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. By JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of “ Aral SaBOEN’Q Two EKOaciM,’’ ktc. CHAPTER XII. (Continued). Hour alter hour tho crowd watched, rotuomg *o stir. Kimrnon ami JIackbit had been away ior some time, and had returned again* 'About tea o'clock smoko was still issuing from tho r mouth of tho pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdock with his com panions continued in consultation. Ii-was Hackbit who addressed him this t«mo. “Bo you think an effort can be raado now?” lie asked in a voico 'quito sober. “I slioll go down with the first cage." A cry of “brave man" was hoard in a 'Woman’s voice, clear and silvery. It soundod like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack bit’s eyes wandered round tho torchlight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who ■was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then; tho anguish of others had drawn her forth. Hr. Himmon was looking for tho owner of the voice, too, hut had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden hersolf iinmodtatoly. Huok bit’s quick eyo had followed her, however, and ho doshod after herut once. “ Ob, cousin,” he exclaimed, in » reproachful tone, “ why have you made us all so miser able?” Tho girl hung her head. 441 only wont to Aide my own misery,’* sho said gontly. “I didn’t tliiuk anybody cared ” “I care very much,” responded Hackbit, “Believe mo, cousin, libel more for you than words con express. I will do anything, suffer .anything, to bring back happhicsB to you; ” and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovoly eyes, that had,grown so pathoticsinco ho last beheld thorn, and looked larger and darker for the dark circlo that now surrounded them. How pinched hor ltttle face had grown! Eveu Hackbit’e heart was stirrod as lie looked at hor. “Whoso baby havo you got?” ho askod. “it belongs to that poor woman down there,” replied Kizny, indicating with hor finger. “ Sho fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would havo b$ka trampled to death.” “Is there nobody the child can bo given up lo?” asked Hackbit, ... ♦« x ion’t know.” . 44 Perhaps the mother will come to,” sug •. gested Hackbit. v • Mr. Himmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at lost perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it was, ho recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. Sho woe safe then: and what a scandal it all was, her disappearance,*aud her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living girl! Still, •there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, “Kizzy, my child!*’ And truly ho was nlarmed enough when ho saw the ebango that had como over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, tho lips were pale and drawn, and *the dork eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. “ Come homo with thy father, child,” said Mr. Himmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his daughter. 44 Let us look for tho child's mother,” said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quito so thick, except in tho contro of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely sot round ono object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely be twenty from her looks. Ono of thoiiutno xous doctors upon tho spot wore examining her as Hackbit drew near, and be very soon re marked that hor trouble was ever, at any rato; she was dead. 44 Has this poor girl no relatives—no one who would take charge of tho baby?” asked Mr. Himmon of the bystanders. “ She has neither kith nor kin, neither has her poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse lack, at the bottom of tho mine.” “Como home with me. Kizzy,” Bnid Mr. Himmon again. “I will try and be kind to youand he made no objection to her carrying the baby with hor. As they passod through Jumloy town, tho numerous low public-houses blazed out upon the darkness, and wore dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their grief; vile traps, catchiug tho miserable, and •heaping anguish upon them undor tho guise of comfort. Tho land glow of tho furnaces lit thoir path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of tho Old Park, to be traversed after wards,'doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pits. This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but JCizzy would not give in up. It was asleep aud warm under her cloak. To his ‘uncle he said in a low tone, 44 Abovo all, cross tor.,in^nothing.” Unnecessary advice, how ^uTno£<3lspdaitHocros$ At the end, of . the Old Park Hackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his stops. Ho was. soon again in the place of his antipathy, -and carefully noted each step he took. He had .got about half-way across, when a rumbling .sound, followed by a crash, startled him. It was one of tbo threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine, As Hackbit passed through tho town, ho was much tempted to enter one of tho public-houses, Itnf Tia vnaia^d ♦Tin famntnfinn. * * TT'illlf 11. Jill bat he resisted tho temptation. ” Hang it nil, be thought; 44 lot mo go into tho jaws of. death When he reached the pit’s mouth a cage was waiting to bo lowered. 44 Wait for me,” ho oriod. Murdock was iu tho cage, 44 Don’t you jjo, for God’s sake,” Hackbit Buid. 44 You are needed to right the wrongs.” Thero is nothing extraordinary in this bravery .on the oart of Hackbit. No Black Country imm -is a coward. All are alike ready iu these emergencies, Thtio is never a cry for volun There wns a lull in tho crowd ns tho cage was lowered and those fow bravo men descended to xoscuo some few, if possible, of tho hundreds shut up in that fiery prison. A wmto-ohokered young gentleman of some three and twenty years, with a yory wide brimmed clerical hat, ventured to make a remark to some women in his neighbourhood, about submitting themselves to tho will of Providence. “Shut thy — mouth,” cried ono of tho •rWomea, “ or wo'll chuck thee down th’ pit.” They looked so much liko carrying out the ■threat that tho curate movod away as fast as he could with any dignity. Some joera wore thrown after him, aud one of tho women said, • “ It’s alwayfc.tho samo gate. Wo raun be patient, wUcmwages is so low as wa havener enpw to eat.r>3f our children dio of th* fover, <Koar lads i'th’ explosion, it’s the visitation of •Published'My special arrsn?enent with Messrs. Wirfi, Lock, and Co, publiHuau, 2201 • God. Oh, it’s tho phguo o* parsons in the ! worst^plaguo tho Lord ever seat ub—curse , Thceo words foil on tho oar of an oldorly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to ho of ubu to somebody ; and ho said to tho woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness— “ Wo clergy nrn groat blunderers, I fear; but beliovo mo, wo would do bettor if wo know how. Indeed, inv heart bleeds for you to-night.” “Ah! if nil th' parsons”was liko you, wo wouldner curao them,” replied the woman. There seemed to bo something happening at tho pit’s mouth now. Thocrowd moved as uonr as it dared to the circle of the doctors. Thu signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as tho machinery was set in motion and tho rope (lew over tho pulloy. “ Stand back,” criod the police. -The mouth of tho pit was filled hy an object rising. Tt war, 1 the cage. Tho torches revealed Hackbit and 1 another, each with a black burden in las arms. I Tho charred masses they carried wero human j beings. Blankets were hold by tho four corners, in readiness, and tho poor wretches wore placed in them and carried to tho waggons. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully towards tho bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them ; but they wore unrecognisable. “The fire’s still burning in the north cut ting,” said Hackbit. “We darou’t go ueur The signal was given to lower, and down went those bravo meu again. Atter tho fourth descent they wore so exhausted that now volunteers came forward. I11 the course of tho night, some thirty bodies, six of which wero just alive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. 