UNDER FALSE COLORS. "Is this the house miss?" asked the driver of a ricketty cab, as he drew up his lame horse before a larre ding[?] mansiion at the corner of [?] by at the fashionable world more than a century ago. A. pretty, palo face, pinched by cold, looked but oC tho window, and glanced up with > “Is it number 97?” she asked ' “ Yes, miss.” j “Then it is quite right. Will you ring, please?” Tho sound of tho boll oohood dismally out into the silent street, making tho girl’s heart beat with a quick foreboding. It pas early morning, and not a creature yet was astir, except a solitary policeman, who was aimly visible far down the street, shrouded like a ghost in semi-darkness and mist. 1 “ ShallI. ring -ogainj - rliiSs?" Nobody dddnST to be awake.” l» ■ ■! ' i‘. --.Sa-; a 1 “Yes—no! I’d rather wait a little, please.” | The man' waited,' blowing on his Angers the while—the ,lame;horso shook and sliivoted, and the small heat that was in bis loan body seemdd'to be fost oozing out of H him in a Sittlo cloud of /djoam. The , young,, anxious ace, peering "from the cab" window, grow taler and palojfc,; tho cold seemed to rest up Ctpon her palpably like a grey sliadow, be neath which her slight Aguro shrunk and dowered j “This is cold work, miss,” observed tho cabby, turning his rod fyco streaked with lilucLtftNyards.hia > 'y 1 oung ,faro/' '‘!“ I’d-shpRCnT Jivff *& 1“lt isn’t nf no use ringing there,” said sudden voice emerging from- the fog. “Wot for?” “Bo om all dead or frozfm'Mp nuVd inside?” , ! Tho policeman—for his was the voice— paid no attention to tho remark, hut turned to tho young lady. “ I am afraid, miss, you ejannot get! in just yeti ' Mr. ' •'Maxw6ll ‘- hover omens his door till eight.” f“Thon I mast wait till then,. I suppose," said tho girl, in a forlorn voice. i“ That’ll bo moro’n half-an-hour,” said tho bmnn, “.and I-aln'L disposed'miss to ntodtf so long in tho cold unless you pays some thing very hextra forit/’ > ' ' (“If it is half-an-hour tho fair charge will hb a shilling,” interposed tho policeman, se verely. | The girl had a small purse clasped in her , cold hand—she opened it, and glanced hastily at the contents. “ Oh, I won’t ask you to wait ” sho cried hurriedly. “If you will take d own my box, and put tho stops, I will .walk up and down till uncle opens tho door. 'Tie box wilt basafe?” k . “I’lliook aftdr’it, miss,” 'said'tho police nun. “Thank you' very much. ! What? is your faro, cabman, please?” {“ Where have you como from, miss, may I ask?” interposed tho policeman. . ?“ Sho has comei all the .way from - 4ho docks —{that’s whore sho’svo come from—landed from.the Hostond. steamer, at six, thip,, morn ing. ; Aiid I "don’t ’see wliy a honest man should bo binterfered with by a pooler. I i ain’t tried to cheat the lady, have I?” Then naming his correct faro he pocketed it and ridnblcd off, his cab disappearing almost in stantly in tho thick fog,— leaving tho girl a sense of sudden loneliness as sho stood jSmvcring in tho chill street. {‘If you like to walk np and down, miss, i don’t mind standing hero to look after your box. I’m used, you. know, to standing i vIJy t ch, fifuCi ’ haitoo 1 Add—and ft looks so dismal down tho street. L think I should bo a little afraid to walk. I wduld rather wait hor.e. yj) '' ‘j‘As you please,* fin ssl -X-'It be long now. M . Maxwell always unchains tho door at eight o’clock. I’ve been on this beat so'raany years, Iknojy bis . , f . The girl'asked no ■ 'questions, but she lis tened with an intontnoss and look of fear on her face that showed sho was venturing on I unknown ground. Her' silence gave the good-natured policeman no excuse for be friending her further; he lingered yet a mo ment, and'then walkdd'on. As his solitary, step.resounded through tho morning stil ness, tins girl’s eyes followed his retreating Aguro till! it was pwaj lowed jup ( in, yellow ,fog, then, she passed her hand across her forehead, as' ■if lo sweep away ,thoughts , too,,ppin£ul-to endure, olio leant against tho railings some littjo time, till, oycrcomoby/’ fatigue, sho yielded at lost to her weariness, and sat down , on tho lowest doorstep, with head buried in hori hands. Clad in her damp, black gar ments, her alight form looked inexpressibly rforlorn and dreary ns she sat thus, with tho j chi 11 fog clinging all about her. Lost in padj thoughts, sho did not hear tho unclosing ,pf door behind her, or sco tho strange, lean Aguro of a man gazing out upon her witp anger in his dark, deep- soteyes. “Who are you? „ What are you doing hero,, girl, on, , my 'doffl’stqpf’jT < f *' ) *1 % fV : She smarted up at the bard voice," an i; turned a pale, tearful face to him. “ Are you;Mr. Maxwell?” sho asked timidly. “ Certainly, and whiOrAhi;n5S $o ( U«!md better ’move off at once—tyod 'ftna v ydur' box—or I shall call for the police - ” “Oh, uncle, do not speak like that I aip Amy Avondale,' your nieco. My mother— oh' have you not had my poor molitcr’s letter?” There was a moment’s silence.. Itraoomed an ago to the forlorn girl waiting on tho pavement for the cold, welcome. “ xos, I bad. tho ilottcV,” said the old' iniin' slowly' “but' I did not expect you at this hour of tho morning. Why did yoil'not 'writc?” “I did, uncle. I wrote three days ago.” “That’s,odd, I have not had your letter. Conic ini and don’t’ stand there shivering. , Wo|shall have the neighbors, staring., at qs soon. They arc always spying on mo as it is.”; . i- j i '■ >• ;i"-' Iri obedience to this ungraolous permis sion, Amy Avondale walked up tho steps, and 1 hold out her small cold hand to her uncle. Ho took it awkwardly, and dropped it Instantly, ns if it were too strange a ,think; for him to hold. • “My box, uncle,” said Amy, timidly. “Will you lot one of your servants bring it in for mo” “ One of my servants !” ho repealed. “ I don-t keep any. I}o> you suppose I canr affoWNffi MdprfobKfrs'ih mfjhffift bnd (ftdd them you thinking of? Get' all those notions out of your head at onep. You’ll have to wait yourself herd. I’m too poor td;mvj£|ioiPVnnt.s. ” lie looked at hor'ma'icftrba way, half fear, half* cunning, shaking his long, thin hand at borjas ho ppokc r/ • J( ,/ “ Do you’ moan I must’ carry my box my self r 1 ” asked his niece, amazed. “ It is im posaiplo, nncloj it is too heavy.’.’ “I’ll help you with it," ho said, in his glo%y way.. , “If. you are. ns. poor as your! mother said, it can’t bo very heavy. ” Nevcr tholfess it was liard work to carry it, and as ] ho deposited it in tho hallho gave itnn angry tap ’with his slippered foot. “Heavy enough, andifull of useless Anory no doubt, all , my, .clothes a linnd- bag.” “But yon’are a rnnnj uncle.’ “ t ooo u»o Uyio »f (ho rnnmi’k. Do youlmean I am to exouso you for being a tool because you are a woman? Ho passed her in paying this, and began to dosond the stairs to tho basement Aoor. His nieco stocjd a moment in bewilderment, tears start ing ’ to her eyes; then sho called out in qmioring tones, ■. “ Do toll mo where my room is, uncle 1 -Do khow mo whore to go i 1 am ’’ of jtho four garrets. You can take tho biggest if you like. Surely she’ll be out of misfchiof up there,” ho murmured to himself asjtie continued hisjlcapcmtl'Q tbo.Jtitehen, Thus loft nloqd&Amyi-; Avondale wrung horjhands together in the anguish of grief and] self-pity, but it was only for an Instant 1 tliofi her heart failed her, tho next, with one [glance upfrarfl,rdtfdl Idw 'tfry fob holf>, ; kh’d ' nad{ rcsovled to do battle with her fate, and rat least bear it bravely, if sho could not con 1 quo} it ■ 'I ho interliilnnbld ' ns sho toiled up and up, post closed doors and lofty ■windows, whoso dingy panes wore covered .with cobwobaladd dlist 'At last slid thohght. 'Shot had I'caohod tho top flight, and ns four dooys mot her view upon the landing, sho [tried tho handle el:tho Ai*st buA and found ..it llookod. Sho turned to the others and tridd them with the same result Bviddhtly those wordl not tile igaVrots 10 I whjoh sho was made wclcomo. A further' search brought to view a narrow passage, aim a still narrower and stoop Aight of hcijown atop, nnd clung to tho thin bains, .'trnjlo with all tho force ot her trembling ‘hand. It was terrible after a groat grief, aftfer all her longing for light nnd warmth, for[ homo, and lovo, to face thu tho drear roidity, and stand alono at the top of this dimal, empty house, feeling nil its coldness, its|hungj?yfS0ljtu(le4 ,i and,; tporbfpu, ! its/ qoffH tnd hnlo. A fow tears dropped down from her cold ebooks to the untouched dust that lay 1 ; avhhv 4 toot/ tndrt oiico'more gathoriifg 1 up 1 liar courage sho renewed her search for a pliwo of rofibRQ,->>; > :i< . ,i'f iff r- nu ’ } (TO DB OONTIXI’KO.) 