GUSTAV'S GHOST. People were congratulating each other n the arrival of another old-fashioned ristmas; they seemed quite to enjoy eing chilly for so good a cause, and on so ppropriate an occasion. As for me, I got into a smoking- carriage, t a cigar, and wished that I had not uite such a long journey before me in his fine, seasonable weather. Grey and white, white and grey, the ndscape flew past the windows; snow ouds gathered, a wind sharp as a sword und it way to my corner every time the 7or was opened, and I thought with a gh of the mist and mud of last year. en also I had gone down to my uncle's Christmas, anuthunted blistfully,to my n satisfaction and the astonishment of family and friends. I thought it was all over with you, my , said Sir Reginald. I never meant to n you as my nephew, again after your gushto that German hole. But I sup pose Boscawen can't help riding P Athe never more reproached me with that erman hole;' in other words the univdity of Tubingen, which, to his un les eble surprise and horror, I had pre red to that of Oxford. Indeed I had ery reason to suppose that he had for van all Germany and the Germans too, he had condescended to invise my ege hinum Giitav'von Fr?dland to b me at the Hall this Chratase-time. I could not help laughing as I thought of Gustav at' my uncle Reginald's. The I wildest of smoking, beer-drinking, duel fighting students had he been when last I I saw him, captain of the most eccentric a club, and talker of the most vernacular Swabian. His friendship for me had been of a highly romantic type, and his letters for a y year after I came home had been enthusi- p astically frequent. Lately, however, they I had ceased, after one gloomy note in which he told me that he was a doomed, lost, e ruined man. He had made no answer to my kind enquiries, and I wondered in c what mood I should find him. d Darker and darker grew the scene out- F side, and twilight deepened into night, before a well-known station, a welcoming servant, and a waiting carriage showed y that my journey was coming to an end. t Soon 1 was in sight of the Hall,flashing promises of hospitality from every window, as the steady lamplight or dancing fire light streamed out upon the darkness. I knew beforehand what I should find when I made my way in; the merry party a in the great oak-panelled hall-one of the county sights-the school boys and girls, c the older people standing round the great log-fire, the smiling faces of my cousins, t he genial laugh and welcome of my uncle, v the soft voice and smile of his wite. ButI t could not imagine what Gustav would be r about in the midst of them. I went in, unannounced as usual, and c there was more noise than usual to guide r me--shouts, laughter, cries of Bravo I They were all playing a game of Blind- c man's Bluff, I found, and the applause had been evoked by the very Gustav himself, I who had sprung over some seemingly in surmountable barrier in his flight from the blind man. Hallo, here's Frank ! shouted a school boy cousin, as I stood in the doorway, and in a moment they were all round me, shak ing hands, welcoming, questioning, all in a breath. Gustav stared, with eyes that had become very wild and haggard since I had seen them; seemed for a moment uncertain as to my identity; and then rushed forward and embraced me, to the unspeakable de light of certain school boys there assembled. But they did not allow him much time for his rapturous greetings, dragging him back to the game as quickly as might be. Sir Reginald stood watching him with a rather puzzled expression. Never saw such an Iantive fellow in my life as that friend of yours, Frank; run ning, |jumping, tumbling about, never quiet. And he rides too, added he thoughtfully, as one who had not expected such a thing from that 'outer barbarian, a foreigner. He was always very active, I said. Food of riding and driving too, and I mentally recalled Gustav as he used to appear in the uniform of his fellowship, driving his four in-hand at a gallop out of Tubingen, hotly pursued by outraged authority. He's a decent sost of fellow, that Von What's.his-name, said one of the school boys presently; but, you know, Frank, he's an awful old lunatic. I never saw such a fellow. He goes about staring and t muttering to himself sometimes, like a t fellow in a play, and seems not to sea you when you speak to him, Then he wakes up, shrieking with laughter, and rushing about in the maddest way. He's bought an Irish horse that's as mad as himself., and be jumped him right over Deadman's f Dyke the other day. If they don't break ) each other's necks soon, that horse and that foreigner, I'm a Dutchman myself. Look at him now. Did you over ? Certainly I never had seen anyone run and jump as lightly and quickly,he seemed p to pass through the hands of the pursuers like a smoke-wreath. Does he play 'and sing much, here? I asked. Operas full, returned my companion,with Ia little air of disgust. That's the worst of him. Shows he's only a German after all. e For shame ! cried my prettiest cousin, Katie, often described as the one with the blue eyes. Herr von Friedland is charming n at the piano. Only fancy, Frank, he can y improvise most beautifully. He does it v sometimes in the evening to stop our going d upstairs. He would sit up all night if he , could. The servants say he comes out of his room and runs up and down stairs at night, put in another boy; Felton thinks there's a bogey after him. Evidently r-ustav was the hero of the r hour; but I did not quite like his looks d and all that they had said of him. It all y reminded me of that last gloomy letter I io had had from him. The game was over at last, the dressing s, bell rang, and obediently, as usual, we dis st persed at the sound. n You have your old room, Frank, at the end of the long corridor, and Herr von e Friedland is next to you, said Lady Bosca e- wen. d Come, come, I will show you the way, e cried Gustav, taking my arm as we went a upstairs. It is a hard house to know, but r. I knew it directly. s Considering that I have spent all my y Christmases here these five-and twenty f years, I think I ought to know my way about it too. y Ah, but you come and go like a man, io Gustav rattled on in his beloved Swabian. ir You do not know the place at all hours p- you never glide about it like the ghost, when all the rest are busy with their Is dreams--eh You don't know all the e cracks and creakings, the wind whisperings a2 end meanings that are abroad in it then. e- Well, I prefer my bed at such times, I Ad must say, I answered, looking at him r- ouriously. o, He followed me-into my room, when he y suddenly turned nrave, and stoodlooking Sabout him sacdlyl enough. -' PerhApe I shall rest quletar sm gavey -I mean my bed, now yon are close to me, he said. I do not'like this room being empty. Why, Gustav, you are the last man in the world to say such things. I should have expected you to laugh at loneliness. Alone 1 Ah, yes, to be alone, that is a very good thing, but not to be alone, and yet not to be allowed to choose one's com pany, that is a bad thing-a bad thing, Frank! Then with a queer, twitching sort of smile he left the room. Your friend is so peculiar, Frank, Katie confided to me, as we stood waiting for dinner. So very peculiar that I expect he will make you feel quite responsible. Responsible P Don't you know how you have people on i your conscience when you have introduced I them, and they do not behave themselves P I hope Gustav behaves himself P Ah, of course. But Frank, he is so odd I How ? I can't describe it. But he is odder than odd sometimes. By the way, he is a great admirer of mine do you know ? I don't see the oddity of that, I must confess. A t this moment the subject of our speech came into the room. A slight man he was, with fair hair, and blue eyes, a sort of typical German face, which used to express nothing but endless good humour and daring fun. Now it was indescribably changed. True he had reduced his moustache, and cut his hair short since the student days; and now he had on the customary evening-dress. And he looked even less like other people than he had looked at Tubingen with flowing hair and wonderful uniform. He did dothing, however, to rouse my sense of responsibility all the pleasant, merry evening, till the ladies were dispos ing themselves to go to bed. Then he sprang up from the table where he had been conjuring, to the delight of the boys, and hurried across the room to Kate. You are going and we have not had one song, he pleaded. We must put off till to-morrow, I fear. It is getting so late, and they were all so happy with your tricks, it seemed a pity to interrupt, Let me beg for a few more minutes' happiness, he said, seating himself at the piano and beginning to play a plaintive little pleading air, that seemed to echo his request. Don't you hear itis begging for a song I he said, looking up at Katie, who stood by admiring his skill, but shaking her head at the request. You will not grant it? The entreaty became passionate; it swelled in strange grandeur through [the room, it cried so wildly, that even Sir Reginald, who considered music quite beneath ( the dignity of man, looked gravely at the player, and sug gested to a neighbour in a low voice that it was wonderful to see the musical genius of the Germans. You still refuse ? Gustav went on, absorbed in his playing. Then it turns to despair. And the music sobbed and wailed so pitifully that Katie's heart was touched. Oh, I cannot resist that, she cried. And so we had a song, and Gustav accompanied it, and then went on with a sort of reverie upon the melody, very dreamy and beautiful. But there was Lady Boscawen getting very sleepy, and Sir Reginald and the others impatient, and it was impossible to let Gustav go on keeping them; as uneonicerned as if he were a musical-box. My dear fellow, I said in his ear,, it's ever so late, andpeople.are going to bed. Naiturlich, he answered indifferently. Yes, and naturlich you must come too, I persisted, and managed at last to drag him away. When we got upstairs he seemed still disposed to sit up a little longer, but pleading my own sleepiness, I got rid of him at last, and wished him good-night. He answered with an odd sort of smile, which set me once more wondering over the change in him. Too sleepy to proceed resolutely to bed, I sat in a great chair by the fire, seeing past scenes in the red coals and recalling Gustav as he used to be, till I had thought myself into a doze. Soon I was dreaming of Tubigen, of Gustav, and of Fritz Werner, with whom She used to quarrel so often. Quite plainly I saw those two in the Lindenallee, ges ticulating, disputing. Gustav's eyes flashed fire, and then he suddenly turned I and pointed down the avenue where Katie came wandering along, singing the song she had sung to-night. I was afraid she would see them quarrelling, and be frightened. I tried t: step forward and speak ; then that nameless horror of power lessness that one finds in dreams came over me. I struggled-I woke. The fire was dying down, I was very cold, and someone was knocking at my door. Before I was awake enough to give permission, it opened, and Gustav hurried in, pale, strange, with staring eyes. He had his coat off, and was moving his arms slowly up and down in a curious way ; altogether I did not like the look of him. Gustav, what time of night, or morning, do you suppose itis? What's the matter? Why don't you go to bed? I feel more helpless lying down, he an swered in an odd kind of voice. Anything the matter? Aren't you well? Well enough. It's very cold. I put some more coal on, the fire blazed up again ;he sat down by it, shivering and f rubbing his hands. Cold, cold! he repeated to himself dreamily. SIt's a cold process, lsitting up whe you : should be in bed, I. remarked withi a sig niflcant glaioe at my own' liitisg-looklg couch. He turned round, and took hold of my i hand. . , ever mind, my friend, you will let me sit here a little, will you not P a Certainly, if you wish for such a sacrifice f; on the altar of friendship, said I trying to laugh. But I wish you would explain a yourself, Gustav. Is this indigestion-or what is it at all? n Explain I Frank, you do not know what q it is to be haunted, tormented as I am. I t know you cannot-cannot imagine it. But a do not laugh, old friend. If you only knew h how horrible that sounds to me-horrible tl \--horrible I a He repeated the word many times, his voice dying down into a whisper. I believe I have been asleep a long time a in this chair, I said by way of saying something, for the dying out of his q whispered Horrible left an unpleasant c, impression. I was asleep when you came d to the door, and, in my dreams I saw you h quarrelling with Fritz Werner. p Me started at the name, grew white, and is trembled. He did not speak, but fixed his eyes upon me as ifl were saying something strange and terrible. o Do you ever hear of him now? I persisted, o for silence would have been intolerable is under the circumstances. e Gustav only shook his head and covered Ik his face with his hands. I wish you would tell me what has gone I wrong, I said uneasily, a You really have become a most extra- I ordinary fellow, Gustav. t He looked up with aperfectly white face. The worst is to come, he answered I hoarsely. 1 To come, when ? I You will see, in two days, on Christmas Eve. You have got into some nervous, de pressed state s and no wonder if you never go to sleep. How is anyone to sleep, tormented in a this way, watched, haunted, no solitude, i no peace P I thought the words were rather appropriate to myself as well as to the speaker, but I did not hint as much 4 to him, he was too far gone for that. Why don't you lie down on the sofa here and go to sleep P I suggested with a longing glance at my own pillow. To my surprise, he accepted the proposal with sudden satisfaction, and threw him- 1 self down, co-ering his face with his hands. I covered him up with a larger eider-down quilt, and I think he fell asleep. At any rate, he let me go to bed in silence, and when I woke in the morning he was gone. When we met at breakfast-time next day, he was in the wildest spirits, talking more than anyone else, gesticulating, laughing, applauding. It had frozen harder than ever that night, and a great skating party was organised to Stillride Mere, a happy skating Iground of the neighbourbood. How Gustav rattled on in an indescribable mixture of lan guages as he and Katie and I marched off over the iron-hard ground It seemed im possible to believe in the haggard, horri fled creature of last night, as he sang and laughed, and jumped gates to the admira tion of all the boys, and afterwards did more curious things in skates than ary mortal could be expected to do under any ordinary circumstances. A merry day had we all out there on the ice, making a winter picnic of it, and kind ling an enormous bonfire, round which we took our luncheon. Not till twilight was falling, and carriages had arrived for the ladies, did we recognise that it was time to break up the party, and then Gustav raced the boys home, and beat .them with, an ease which they rather resented. ,.More music and singing filled up the evening, and when we were too sleepy to. listen any more, my aunt retired, murmur ing to me: What wonderful spirits Herr von Fried land has ! He is quite the life of the party. But I felt as if he might be the death of one of the party if he would not allow that humble individual his natural night's rest after six or seven hours' skating, and, not much liking the look he gave me as we vent upstairs, I bade him a cordial but hurried good-night, and rushed into my room. Remrembering the painful experi ences of last night. I got into bed with all possible speed, thinking that if I were actually safe asleep, he would never have ] the cruelty to wake me. Alas I his extremity was too great for such consideration. It seemed to me that I had ju-t fallen asleep, when a nightmare like sensation roused me again, and, opening my eyes, I dimly perceived a figure sitting on my bed. There was no escaping him. Is that you Gustav P I murmured feebly. It is I. Forgive me waking you, Frank; the solitude that is no solitude became too horrible. If I did not seek some human companionship I should go mad. Not being at all sure that he was not mad already. I made no reply to this but a sigh of resignation. Ah, Frank, you don't know what I go through, he went on in a strange, hollow voice, fixing his eyes upon me. You could not imagine the suffering of it. But what is it P What is the matter with you ? His voice sank into a whisper. I have a dead man for my companion a dead man who hates me. You have taken some fancy into year head. . Fancy Ah, I feel.him near me, drawing I closer and closer, as the nightigrows deep, I his cold arms are round me, his cold breath on my face, the breath of the dead. You don't know what it is, and he is getting stronger and stronger. To-morrow will be SChristmas Eve, and to-morrow he will be too strong ;he will tike me avway with him. 'teuUl,t~h~ism~t~s1aj~Bi Lof ~a eelt in his voice made my blood run cold.What ever put such things in your head, Gustav P Last Christmas Eve I killed "him, he answered in a lower voice, turning away . from me. This time it will be his turn. Killed him? Who are you talking about P FritzWerner. I killed him in a duel mortally wounded him, that is. We quarrelled about Gretchen. I did not know that it was a more serious affair than when we fought before. But when they took him away, he said, You have done for me this time. I shall die and haunt you- and he kept his word. Fritz Werner dead ? Dead, and close [beside bus now, he answered drearily. This was horrible Gustav's many quarrels with Fritz had always had their comic side, his many duels had never pro duced anything more serious than a cut hand or lip. That he should have killed poor old Fritz seemed too impossible, too incongruous for belief. I can't believe it, I said. It does seem like a dream, Gustav went on. When his eyes looked at me that time out of his white face, and he said those. words in a dying voice, I thought he seemed changed into somebody else. But I shall know when he takes me away tomorrow. Don't go on like that, Gustav. You fought fair, though that fghting was always a foolish thing. It was an accident if you did kill him. He might have done the same by you. Yes, he means to, he can't relent now. Dead men are like that. I suppose their last thoughts stiffen and keep in one place, rigid, like their limbs. If you go on like that, Gustav, I shall think you're out of your mind. It's enough to make me. But I'm .sane enough. I know what I know. No matter. Go to sleep again, Frank, you who can. sleep. I only want to sit here by you, and feel your living spirit near. And he would not lie down or cover him self up, or do anything approaching to the comfortable, except make up the fire at my earnest request. Cold and darkness would make matters worse, I told him. ' What a night I had; to be sure -dozing off every now and then, and waking with some horrid fancy, to find Glestav always sitting there looking at me, expressing all his abominable notions with his eyes. Every now and then a great coal dropped out of the grate, and made me suppose, sleepily, that Fritz was coming down the chimney ; or a sudden gust of wind made me start from my pillow. Then Gustav. would smile a sickly smile, and tell me benevolently to go to sleep again. What a night it was, to be sure I I thought, a good many times during that night, that morning certainly would never come again-it was simply an impossibility. I mentioned this two or three times to eustav, who only gasped in reply. At last, when I was hopelessly reduced to lying staring at the unhappy friend who sat with such a maddening persistence staring at me, it occurred to him to get up and open the shutters,. and there was a little grey light coming in the east. I welcome the morning, said Gustav solemnly. And so did I, for he sat and watched the growing light now, and let me fall asleep in good earnest at last. Naturally enough I appeared very late at the breakfast-table, where I was greeted with many jests upon my tardiness. I did not mind that, but it was almost past, human patience. to see Gustav there al ready, laughing and talking with the most exuberant merriment, and.a great deal of: noise. How could he, Imentally questioned -how could he look me in, the. face and do it ? The frost was harder than ever, the skaters declared triumphantly, and once more skating was to be the erder of the day. Of course you're coming, Frank f re marked Kate. I don't know; I'm tired-lazy. Frank is sleepy; he got up too early this morning, observed my aunt with fine satire, and Gustav looked at me and actually laughed. Patience ! patience ! We all started forth as before, and went this time to a large lake at the north sidelof the park, a pretty lake surrounded by bushes, with a view of the hilly road beyond the park gates. It. was one of those sparkling winter mornings that never look to me quite real. All the mist of last night had left the trees gleaming white and splendid in the winter sun, the sky with its pale blue looked strangely far away; the frozen grass spears glistened where we trod. It was beautiful, with a dreamlike beauty, and all day long I felt only half awake. I could see how forced Gustav's spirits were at times. I caught the frightened glances that every now and then he cast around him. Even the boys' merriment did not sound as genial as it had done yes terday, and Katie looked graver than her wont. The influence extended itself; by.and-by the boys voted it' slow' to go on skating, and proposed a steeplechase across the fields, the skating ladies walked home with the spectatous,only Gustav and I remained on the lake. He had refused all proposals to come away, and I did not like to leave him; he kept on skating about, sometimes perform ing feats of curious dexterity, sometimes only rushing round and roundswiftly as the wind. The sun was setting,the air was growing very cold, and now there stole up from the a village church the sound of chiming bells.. g Gustav stopped and listened. e Why do:they rig l-he asked. a The'y always dohere on Christmas Eve,. I. Ridai. d .qiror:OA.eVld) e.id tears. What a happy time this is 'in the Fatherland, is it not, Frank P Now they are lighting up their trees and singing o their hymns, and gathering round their bag firesides. It is Christmas Eve whi Won't you come home now I asked, as I w sat down on the bank totake off my skates. Car We have had enough of the ice,haven't we? but No, not yet; the house-the house is my not grave. He will be there waiting for me. put Let me stay here a little longer, out with low the free wind and Christmas bells. If tif something strange is coming towards me and I feel it is-let me wait for it here. I took off my skates in silence, and La began to walk up and down the road wait- att ing for him. The bells had ceased again, Sq the evening was very still, there was no -sound out there but the ring of his skates car upon the ice and my footsteps on the wa frozen ground. It grew late, the last red he ring of the sun dipped out of sight, and he after-glow faded, all the land grew grey.iIn Ne the dimness Gustav looked a strange, wild tin figure as he skimmed across the lake; na swifter than a bird's his flight appeared to me. lb Suddenly the bell chime broke forth again, and with it a cry of horror from my , friend, that made me spring to his side. he What is it-what is it ? I exclaimed as th he clutched me with one hand, and with ha the other pointed towards the road. Speak, co Gustav I Tell me what you see th Do you see nothing, Frank ? Nothing in fri the road out there? The figure in the of cloak? It is coming nearer, it is coming wi towards me. It is Fritz-Fritz Wernerl -I never shall forget the horror of his voice, never shall forget the thrill that th passed through me, when looking where he se pointed, I saw indeed a figure wrapped in a cloak coming swiftly towards us through th the dim twilight. I clasped Gustav as e' frantically as he. clasped me; we stood T frozen into silence through some appar. bl ently endless moments, as the figure came of nearer, more clearly visible, steadily t approaching us. It paused as it came gr through the gates, seemed to catch sight of us, left the path, came to the bank l above the lake, and there, peering at us g through the bushes, I saw, quite plainly yC now, the pale face of Fritz Werner. I could not move or speak, Gustav also was ca still, and as we stood thus silent, the to bells sent forth once more their. merry m chime. fo Who is there ? said a voice at last-the H voice of Fritz, I knew; I cannot clearly see fr you. Is it Frank? at The wordseemed to break the spell that pe bound me. I wrenched myself from Gustavr a and sprang forward- sprang forward to w, clasp, a solid hand ofj flesh and bone B sketched out to me. This was no ghost; I d; held him fast. m Fritz, is it you? - The fields, the bushes, and the creeping oc mist were reeling round with me; for a moment I did not know what happened to fr me. Then all was steady again and I knew Is that Fritz stood before me talking, and I d found myself saying t: We took you for a ghost ! a We-who are we ? b Gustav is with me, horribly frightened tI and frightening me horribly. We thought is you were dead. 6 He had not waited to listen, but was a already embracing Gustav on the ice- t Gustav who would not believe his senses at first. He said nothing, but trembled strangely, and at last burst into tears. He has had a horrible fright about you, I explained as Gustav' sat down on the bank, hiding his face-in his hands. He t was, persuaded that you haunted him f because he had killed you. He has bad no t peace, and took care that his friends should t have none.either. :'" . K:He 'always :had a lively imigination, . responded Fritz. And he did very nearly [ kill me. Having just then made Tubingen I too hot to hold me, I found it convenient I to publish my death, and my good friends Max and Otto von Meilingen got me out of the place in an airy coffin. I did write 1 to let Gustav know, but he had vanished nobody knew where. Being in England I thought I would look you up and hear what had become of the other madman. I did not expect to find him here though. Look here, Gunetav, I say, you need not trouble about me, I'm no more dead than you are. Come in, both of you, and warm your selves, I suggested. Here, Gustav, I'll help you off with your skates, and we'll come up to the house. It was all fancy about your being haunted, you see. Come, Fritz, my uncle will be delighted to see you, and the boys will enjoy another Ger. man. Gustav obeyed mechanically; he said not one word all the way home, and was so white and speechless all the evening that my aunt feared he was quite out of spirits. You will sleep to-night, I remarked as we went upstairs without any music or delay on his part that evening. I am so dreadfully ashamed of myself for not letting you sleep, he answered. You cannot think how much ashamed I am. But the feeling of being haunted almost drove-me mad, It was so terribly real. I felt him there, though I could not see him. " Fritz is right about your imagination, I suppose. But it's all over now, and the best thing you can do is to forpet all about it. I believe he thought so too, for often as 'we have met since he his never 'renewed 'the subject; but ever afterwards subsided iinto a much more quiet and matter-of- fact 7oung nian,: ': As for me, it was long before I went to lny rooni at night without a smile of ' satis 'faction at the 'thought that now, at any '-rate, whatever troubled me, Ihad nothing to fear from my poor Gustav'se Ghost. 