Humorous* Vomparlsons. She glanced at the ring on her finger— A diamond which he had placed there— The atone shone aa true As her fair eyes of blue, And the gold was a match to her hair. She smiled aa she thought Its radiance brought, And whispered in sweet accents low, “ Oh, thank yon, dear Fred ; ’Tis lovely!” she said; u Much nicer than Tom gave, yon know." It Was Probably an Oversight—Mrs. Porcine has a very pronounced idea of the proprieties of life. A few days ago, while at the races, Mr. Brown passed them, but hit polite bow met with only a frigid stare. “ Why, mamma,” exclaimed Miss Porcine, 11 you did not bow to Mr. Brown 1" • My dear,” returned Mrs. Porcine, calmly, “ we cannot afford to recognize Mr. Brown any more. He has neglected to I observe one of the proprieties of life." “ Why, wbat do yon mean, mamma t When he went into mourning I thought he attended to everything.” “No dear, he did not.” The young lady was thoughtful a moment, and then asked,— “ Isn’t the black border on his calling cards wide enough?” • “ Oh, yes, that’s all right.’’ “You never saw him without a black bordered handkerchief, did you ?” “No.” “ Is the band oh the hat too narrow?” “No; that’s wide enough.” “Perhaps,” suggested Mr. Porcine, sar castically, “ he ought to wear a black border on his collar, or maybe there is a blue thread in his necktie.” Mrs. Porcine did not deign to notice this remark, but said to her daughter,— _ “ No; we cannot afford to notice him. The feet is, I saw one of his business cards yesterday, and it was plain white—not even • narrow border of black.” “ No ?” in surprise. “ Indeed it’s as I say.” “ How horrible 1” Nine Things a Baby can do —It can beat any alarm clock ever invented in wak* ing a family up in the morning. In a given time it can smash more dishes than the most industrious servant girl in the country. It can fall down oftencr and with less pro vocation than the most expert tumbler in the circus ring. It can make more genuine fuss over a simple brass pin than its mother would over n broken back. It can choke itself black in the face with greater case than the most accomplished wretch that ever was executed. It can keep a family in a constant tur moil from morning till night, and night till morning, without once varying its time. It can be relied on to sleep peacefully all day when it’s father is in town, and cry per sistently at night when he is particularly sleepy. It may he the naughtiest, dirtiest, ugliest, most fretful baby in all the whole world, but yon never can make its mother believe it, and yon had better not try. It can be a charming and model infant when no one is about, but when visitors are present it can exhibit more bad temper than both of its parents put together. A Wife's Mistake—A lady recently explored her lord’s vest at about 4.30 a.m ■ Greatly to her astonishment, it contained a £5 note, together with a regulation sus pender button and the customary night ke“ Aha,” she said ; “heknowethnotthathis vest containeth a £5 note, because when he came home he tried to light his pipe with a cigar stump. I will take the money and gc shopping.” She took the fiver and put half a sovereign and three shillings, back money that her lord mi"ht not be too sorely perplexed on count ing his'capital. And as she started for her things to go down town her husband, who, had been slyly watching her with one eye, chuckled like a fiend as he hurried quickly into his clothes and started out after a cock “Thirteen shillings,” he soliloquized; “thirteen shillings- Why, I’m in luck, and the country’s saved. Severe cases require severe remedies; but my wife will be toe maddest woman in town when she finos she has given me thirteen shillings legal cur rency for a counterfeit £5 note.” _ Making a Settlement.—, 57 friends told me they would settle the diffi culty with Jones forme, but I thought that I could settle it for myself.” “And did you?” . “ No ; I didn’t, though I tried to.” « Then it wasn't settled 2” u Yes it was.” « Then your friends settled it, after all ?” “No, they didn’t.” “Indeed! Then who settled it ?” “Jones did.” “ Satisfactorily 2” T — “I suppose that it was, so far as Jones wsi concerned. ... » ,, . . “ Didn't you gam anything at all by tne settlement?” . „ “ Ob, yes ; I gained some expenence. Why Editors Fall from Grace-—Gentle reader, yon sometimes wonder why newspaper men occasionally give way to passion; you think it strange that they should not always be in the angelic mood in which you know them best. Bnt if yon were to write, ‘ Her dainty feet were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titama’s fairy boots,” and to find, upon reading the paper, that the compositor and proof-reader had _a_j :_a.— • UAmhla nftntnirapv. fiTln tTMlfl* ted your aeucotc rucwuv v t were encased in satin slippers that might re served for Titanic ferry- boats,” wonldn t ir amiability bounce and flutter like % ib ? Zounds ! the chances are that you’d ak all the commandments, as Moses did, ince, and glare about- for more, le’s Tired of Camping Out-—“ No, I i’t want any more fishing and camping in mine,” said a swarthy young man on Torthwestem train. “ I have just been ing it, and I have enough to last me n time. My face tana easily, bHt I didn’t lise how badly it had been baked until I [concluded to give up camping out and to the hotels for the rest of the stay, ipn dinner was ready I went with the rest the guests,.and, the head waiter being tty busy, I found a seat for myself, igine my discomfiture when the head iter came around a little later and tapped on the shoulder, saying, loud enough for rybody in the room to hear, “ Beg pabdon, , bnt cullud persons not‘lowed to eat at t'table in dis house.” liiiteen at Table- —“None of my tons ever order a dinner or lunch for teen,’’said a well known caterer. - “Pfer s it is out of respect for the guests aa it ery hard to seat a. company of thirteen, re is always cine who prefers to wait, and illy some member of the family retires, i recent lnnch party in one of oar best dies, a young lady insisted upon eating .side table rather than make athirteener. said she knew she would die before the r was out if she sat at the table;” _ Do educated people believe there is any ig in this old superstition?” Perhaps not, but it makes them nncom able. 1 served a dinner last year where teen sat at table, and one of the gentle i took down all the names with the date.” Have any of them died ?” I haven’t heard of it. Bat then the year t out yet.” Do yon really believe that then is a fate t yourself?” . . . . . N-o o, not exactly, bnt strange things do pen sometimes. A thirteen plate dinner st turns out well.” Look out for the man who begins saying he is not a bit superstitions. He is going to tell a ghost story that would make cold chills run sp end down the backbone: of winter. He Stayed Beeson He Was Gone.— Frtber Cat heed of the stain):Emily, isn’t that young man gone yel ?” YyongSpooner (answering): * Yes, air; vcs. sir.entirely; quite gone—on yoor daoghtsr, Mr. Bat I’M ftfntd it’s no gg ^withh* *•£ 