Varieties — — — - We leam wisdom from failure much more than success. We often discover what will do by finding ont what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discoverv. — Smiles. To be thrown noon one's own resources is to be cast- into the very lap of fortune ; for our faculties then undergo a development and display an energy of which they were previously unsusceptible. — 3. Franklin. A New York statiscian and financier fig ures that ont of 20,000 men only 8,000 will die worth over 10.000, and only 3,000 who can be called rich. He says that 3,000 men lose 5.000 dollars and upwards per year, and that 2000 men lose 10,000 dollars each where one makes 100,000 dollers. In the palmy days of Rome the number of lions brought from Africa averaged 400 per vear for nine Tears, and with these were leopards, tigers, hyenas, elephants, buffaloes and serpents almost without number. For several years there were 8,000 men employed in Africa in trapping wild animals to make sport for ths people of Some. A man at Red Bank, N.J., didn't like M. A. Jones, and to make Mr. Jones feel badhe sent him three or four letters with the name spelled 4 Gones.' Jones appealed to the United States authorities, and the joker settled the case for 250 dollars. He can now spell J-o-n-e-s with any man in the town. |J Think of all the evils from which you are exempt- ' Clemency alone maketh man equal wife the gods. Obstinacy is ever more positive when it is most in the wrong. WAB2£ WITH I V. Skies may he dark with, storm, "While fierce the north wind blows, Yet earth at heart is warm. And the snowdrift bids the rose. — Celia Thaxter. Truth begets hatred, familiarity contempt, and success envy. Manners are not idle, hut the fruit of loyal nature and of noble mind. Time destroys the speculations of man, but it confirms the judgment- of nature. The virtue of Paganism was strength : the virtue of Christianity is obedience. XTXC- BY-lxD- BY Tn his hrio-hr rpion all debts are raid : The ghosts of all crimes and blunders laid ; The penniless one can borrow ; No shadows darken his shining track, No burdens rest on the toil- worn back. No clouds hang over us grim and black, In the glorious reign of To-morrow. — L'joj A. Farnttm. The ability to do difficult things easily and disagreeable things cheerfully is the first- element of success in life, says Chauncy M. Depsw. The folk lore of the Indians of Michigan is almost a thing of the p3st, bnt few of their legends being preserved at the present time. To be sure, there are a few of the old natives, whose locks have been whitened by the re curring frosts of many winters, who preserve a few of the traditions of their tribes. Such a one is "Wienda-goo-ish, an aged brave, whose huge proportions gave him the name mentioned, which, translated into English, means giant. Being in a communicative moxi a short time ago he related one or his tribal traditions, concerning the Manitou Llanos and Sleeping Bear Point. He said that man v years ago, before the primeval woods oi Michigan and "Wisconsin had been invaded by the ruthless white man, the wild animals of the forests were possessed of spirits, ana that the medicine men of the tribes were able to talk with them. Once npon a time a huge she-bear W35 com pelled to desert the shores of "Wisconsin and with her two cubs take to the water of 3Eehi- i-. __ _ i - gan, me great iase, on account or nie= w-" were raging in the wilderness. The heat was so intense that- the mother bear concluded not to return to the. "Wisconsin shore, _ hut struck boldly out for the banks of Michigan. W hen nearly across the lake the two cubs sankftom exhaustion and were drovnea. The old bear swam about the spot for horns? but ber cubs rose not again. lina-y weariness compelled her to seek the shore, reaching which she climbed a huge bluff anu lay down to sleep. That- bluff was Sleepmg Bear Point, and from tbat day to this, the spirit of the old bear has remained on test bluff, and from the spot where sank the tvo cubs thefe gradually arose two beautife- islands, the North and South Manitou, or, ss it means in the vernacular of the Ottaws- Spirit Islands'. The spirits of the cabs sre supposed to abide on the islands, and that oi the mother bear keeps a constant and lovo? watch over the homes of her loved ones, whr; they are bound to remain until terrestrial time shall be no more, when they will be trap" ported to the Indian heaven, or happy hunting grounds, not as victims of the nuntsmeu. but as guardians of the Indiana who L" them. On stormy nights, the Indians say spirit of the moths: bear moans and cries fp23 her post on the great sand Huff, in anscT for the fete of her young, the shores of whose home are being assailed by the treacbero waves which caused their death. 