REMARKABLE CATS. THm following feline gossip we have gathered from various sorcesr, and now lay before our readers for their innuuse ment. While cats have been known, like the famished maothero in Jerusalem, to devour their own offspring, they have also been known, whlen jeprived of their kittens, to adopt younig hares, hodguhogs, rte, anld oven oliickens. The uniusual sight of a rat and Ilve young ones in the same nest with a eit ani{ tlnse kittens has It.esn seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-tshel cats eslpecially alre clever tit opening doors ; others depllor able poachers on weekdays, boeronse the very pink of propriety as sooni ni 6abblbilth tday comLes rounds. lesides heing enlpital hunters and mole-catchers, others can lish, ring door-bellts, iteal crenlt, andt breiIci tgg;s in a iliost systemantic mllanier. Buit let the following anecdotes speak for tlian selves: 'T'le cat that gravely laid it piortion of its dinner in front of ia tisoue-thole and then retired to await tihe result, hald surly somnething in connulon with tilhl hltnaun speculator and quack who does pretty nearly the saiare thling through a ntiews paper advertisjenent. While ,laik cuts are sUlluis,-Id by the superstitious to have some connecltion with thiE;',,il ()ine, others nimake capital guosts. A/furnhoum ill the nortlh country wits haunted by ian invisile ghost, whlichl, for ia ron.sidl'rablue time, hall beenl in tile habit of ringing it certain ell, anl tile rmast Illne|itnne results were ibout to follow, when the fatmer with the family Bible, and la studntl with a bittle of whisky, sat up all night and effectually lnid the ghoist. It was dis covered, very much to their sat isfectioni, that the hell hald been rung byv puss in her efforts to seize ithe handle, which consisted of a hare's foot. Many peoplet have heard of the pisnlsghuinn's wine andl alfi-etisnaltt cat Mlisrie. A plloulglttnan at the: foot of the Ochils hlad Ibin long ill--iis horie was in poverty--when the doctor ild thle heor man woild die if his strength was not kept Iup y stiimulants iand animal food. Let the scanel It told in the words of thine plougtIl uun's wife. " I put i-awa' Iry marriagel gown and ring it get hiln wVillne; but we hil nnsthling in the house but milk nnd lmean. .Srely, sir, it wis It, leord himself that put it into that eit's head; for that same night she brought in a fine young rabbit, and laid it on the verra bill( ; itnd the next night tIhe sniln, nil every night the samnLi for a motlllh, while's t a rabbit ind whiles it bird, till (George wsin up and going to Ils work lls uuis I, lult she never blroughlt anything hanlu? a fter that." The ingenuity shown by enats in oipening doors itn sollletimnes rentrknls. A largei cat in the country was in the habit of openinug the door fsor himself in thet follow ing lnsiner. The handle of the door saoIs one of tihe old fashioned thoopedil kind, whichl requtiiredl to le grnsp,-l nuil thel' latch preswsd witi the thlinmbti. I lueapt on to tihe window-sill, .'twhich was nonr thei door, sp'rung frotu tlheir andi einaught thie hoiop with lhi: fornpaiw, nwil hung on until he ipresistl down the latch with the other thillis oprntion requirinig consideraole force- when thi- door swingitng oplen. pI droppeSild to the floor, and lui etly walked in. In a like ingenious mnlluner, a c'at Ihas Ins known to open in kitchen-dre-ssr door by working the bIar which nstsl ais it fnslentr roundll flromlls i horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thns gaining ingress. A correslpodent senlds us the following: "A frield of mnine hnts a ent which gives a dotublie knock it, the streeot-doort when it wants to got in. 'The Ilhonm h ii a sidei door which this ithe Upper sinnetls glius, and the knocker is plllcred blow this, sil that Iby standing on h its lino-ge it ian rasch thei knockerl, whlich it tlnkes hold of wilh bolth tanws ain gives ait regulhr dlouble knock. Vsitors who do not know 'ti o ln' klir'k do not niotiice aniything in it dilffelrent from that gis'ein Ihy i huiiIIn being, lnd find it very ilithiic lt. h isieve it is the rat, until, waiting till thei knt?lock is repeated, the door is iopned, and silster Tomi walks in. Thley are obliged to look I:reltty sharlip Io e thsnt he is in before the house i's shut iup, as he hiut severatl times retuirnedl honio in the nmiddle of it colit night, lind knoIcked ngnin and again, until soineoilo tins been coin pelled to get up and let him ini. Occnsion ally swhen the door is ollenledi in aulswer to his summons, lie will stalnd purring for it short time nnd tllen witlk awny, is if lihe enjlioyed the funi of giving tleln the troubile for notling." Another contributor writes: " We had a horse which wsas keptit in a stnlble, not far from the housei, and into the stnalls ISy rilln introduced it kitten, and it very close intimarnny soon grew Ip between the l kittens ando thes horsi . I Ihave often Peell hIeron his back, which Iher isuinli friiendl quite seemend to under?t unil, ind slihe Ulie her heds lust under hiis inaliger, inl ' woe have frequently scein them having Iits of fun togethier. l'lhe Ioro wouiil aldlvance ihis Ilead towards her, when pisr. ll ould put itp both htier ,paws nned pretend to scratch his nose, which he seemed rather to enjoy ; anld then he would seize gritinlltin hy the skin of lierniok in lis teeth, nrind lift lter tip and quietly drop her, onily to reteat tihe gamlle, which both seemtld to enljoi. "After a while we sold the horse, whelre upon thei cat AeonieId qnitse disconsolate. I'revitously thel stable had Itein iher hliome, whllelo sie alwiays stayed excSit flr sitn oc casionsal run in ithe gairdren. ltt now si?le could not be induIced to stay the re, and for weeks rlhe lamented the loss of her friend bIy fretting and mewing aolnllt tile house." "I lin teonmptol," says it thirdc cerrespon dont, "to itnquire whether inletinrees nre comnmon of cnts showinlg aiTfection for strangers nt first su/ht. Twice thibs hais hinppened to iie; oneoin ret iuirn from India sfter eight yeers' iitaseiis?, ulnd the second time oiln tlthesran uHill, near olilulhny. i"On the former soic-ltsi ni, haccviilg ielsched I hono in ithe forenol)n, I was tlr'ing ai soli tpry wal in lti gnrdsn ifter lInnh, whlo s strige elu trotlled np to imie, rullyld itslIf against mIe, ro llgid on she loth uns d friskrd nrilenlt in frontii of rie, vr ig iis de-ot of tandi roon, into whic nevert aconp gni.ed le'r toI wan on lhose tlloint lof xl resing cily sur p trise nd gratilleatins. In ies iwntrle tl e cfrightened at the toe lllf voice, llw oliut of the roo, and tu stl never een nis hin. PrIe cisely tlse nLie extravlnctlt litokens thof toruing r one, andtt had been cilosely shiy ut dri bolng clthe rains. Int this isltan ie tihe bat btor- longei t to the fntlle who lived oni. othe prnises, ut it was a reoent acqi Aion, nand hlotd never ieen m j olt re. hI ne attan chmnent ,"was alsrito s fort-liv contd like tore Sformer one, iiand celt, incled tht morning con, PEusua being Inugot wif it LoIarnd, in tlie bSoutth r-doolsl when rUnitel fasttwns annoil ncetle Both anialfter 'uisy' were fulnl grown." font on "An anecdote wshieh a len just reached l.e from America,"l wriven a fourff th contritore p aedly, for fe at sunl oheraldl and unknown, them. to the house nf Mrs. Leonard, a lively outeh Brooklyn, Unitppred itates; lind tile, incday after Pss'e tns arrival site was fotuind ont; and on Nof eggs which a hen had dcoreso-erted. Madame Pto nlse was driven off thleg aggs reI pTe.aritedly, for fear she would tbreak to hei, chbut persisted cint, I foreturning and ig corner ofthem. At st, to the astonishnl-cent of ti househotruttld, she inppeared with four chicks,it Sine then, on she sthas hatched four eroder Til writefour says. In order calld to dc o tliso cstrickten-hd tching cat, I folnd one cornern, Suof the kitchen a large bird-egt , art ound which . dozen good- tize chickens ,e huro trutting nd pickito ng p old mo al. Insidei affectige, on fore ier as is nerllS at, cover by ccitk for teggs . In order to do this, filt tir tce hern.elf full length over them,oot and so Ilr them firoe mn view.' Mrs. Leonln ard sayi: t Slht leitves them at intervals, btt only for n ckort tihe and tTle chickens suiu hlrlr briught into the world sithow a luh Ilclialn is aflfection for hen."r as is generally -own by cicks for their of aral ninmother.' The catuio in llas ahlunya evinced g of le olndness towas on ere, io carried one chiuteln luu fti stinc, neeor The lict kenso skin er el tender, thes cut oaplied heroo of tongue to . e on dail- rusntilg it heale Cd,'and now the chickenAclor i lad)- residinig in the" C.rown and Anchor Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at the fireside, fell aIIeeIi. She was studenly awtkened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing tier hair, to discover that her clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that sale narrowly esoped Ibeing burnt to death. The. tenacity of life in the cat is well illustrated in the followingstory front Land and Ilafter, given in the words of the narrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the children, our cat, a half Persian, andldenly diitaIppeared, and her accustousd l lace by the Iheart h, "knew Iher no nlore.' Seareh was nmade high and low, but no trace of puss could he fotllnil. As timle went on we eonujctulred tAither that our favourite hadt been Stolen by Ia sailor and taken for t voiyng-, or killed, andl so reeigned ourselves ito our los. (Ireat, then, was our stirrise last Frilday tin oeingg puss iqiietly walk in, FearetIy able to stand, a veritable skeleton, cov'rerl with fnr, tand take het r H'at btefore the lire. I ned not .say she wai fed and canres. d ad lib/itai. 'The next day we learnetd her aldventures. It seens o tlhe 2-Ith of cebruary, ptus had stra't.ed in to pay a neighbour i ? ii it, and then finding a |lank of the flooring up--ta man was altir ing the gans-ipea-- hadi retired into this hotl to seek mice. In die course the plank wits nailed down, find the cat annde a Iriso.ner, lHere then, without food, drink, otr ,ir, plUs remained until the 20th of 11 ulre(h, itwheitn hter incel.ssiLant seratrtehlilg tmaittde the ccuttpier of the llihouse falncy i rat m titlet have ait nst theret,, and take npit the lItoring to lay poison. The poor crleatute was takenit out cionl.ideraily more dead than alive; but kindly nstrred and fedl with little drops of beef-ten, tnd the next day foundt strength to crawl lhotme. After her twenty-six days fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to it tmost nbrlute indulgence during the re mainnitder of lent." Another cnior:ti, 1nde+ntt to the .Scoelntmau, gives It britf lbitgrphital account of several of this feline frieta. " No. I was a she-cat of lithe gray brindled kind, which f I believe is thei Scottish Ined. She, like Nimunrod, was it mighty linter. lhtres, rabbit, titnd partridges all fell victims to her sporti ng piropen.itiac. Whuattis remiarkabli, Is, that whatever she killed sihe invariably hrlought Ihome,ni?1 ll, at mymother's feet. If tlhey were worth keping, ns tlhe)y often were, they w'ir' npproprintted, while pess saing her stong ,i pl esnre; if they were not worth keeping,t tihey, were given haikt litctier, and she devoured them wilth relish. She ilte none till they were lifteod and then thrown down to her again. She 'wad fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she was willing to wet her feet for them. Often has she bctn wathetd sittin, on the burn tnln Iluntil it ttrottnt Cni wit, in reach, wlren down went lher paw and oullt camell the trolt, almnot without fail. "No. 2 w'as a Tom-cut, red and white. Like No. 1, ihe was it mighty hunter. At fi.rst hie iroulght the fruits of the chase hoaIne; but aftl'erwardta beaone more selilsh, and devoured what he could on the spot. What was loeft hie kept hidden until it was requiredl. l'erhall your readers nony con sider whltt follows abiot him as inrednlible but it is a fact nevertheless. lie seetned to ti'sne weary of the lying-in-wtait proems of catching glme, and act Illyontdeavionred to runt down hnres by speed of foot I Ever after Ihatu we considered him ns having 'I want.' hi w.1 as lshot, becauseI, when it cer tlin gardoner was shooting iar)tridges, /Gi pOinne) lpon ta tV. covoy, an depri 'vedl the sp1r'tsntan- gardener of his ganl. ()lt of revenge, lhi lod?d the stint in poor fib." A Indy iii Ntoreolk writes as follows: "We had a rat at t always came to family worship. She kinew the bell, annd would race fron thisi garden or yt'rd to reach the door cro it was closed, then tatike her plance det!nllurely on the hilertlrltg, and sit erect with tail curled gracefully routndt her paws. Wthen hrt' kitten was old enontgh to enjoy ithe pr'ivilegei, thidemother intle her cotlta too ind sit by her itde in iprocisoly thie same position, gravely reproving tny' inclination tot Illy." W'e close our rleletion with the following isxtraordintry inlstance of at ent drowning itself, the faucts heiing voucheld for by a correspondont in PI'rtlhahire who writes as follotws : I" l have never been aile to find a plroper solutiio for the pithy saying: 'C'are killed i cat ;' h1it, recontly ia circIuIstince occurred whirlh may throw saino light upon the matter, iand prove Ian interesting addition to youtr nnecdoles of animals. "Soule of its few dayls Rgo Wre'looking from a club window which commanlis a line view otf the North Inch of Pe'rlth, ind Vwere struck ihv tile erratic tmovtementst of a largei Ilnck cat. The creature was wander ing nbout nupon the inch in ia listless and it sOiemied an aimlers fashion, silting down lnow lndl then, nand after it brief punse re sumning its loiterings. Presently it moved down the river-side towards the bridge whichl spans the 'Tay, and we lost eight of tlio anilnal landl also of our s5pI(etlllliolnl. N'ext day, its I was crossing the bridge, an nc?lnaintmlnce laid hold of me, and told nme tlinl he had something curious to ectt inuntictate in the way of natural history. I)ring h is constitutional, his attention iwas arresteld by the figure of It bllack cat sitting Iupou a Iheap of stolOes and wearing ntil aspect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, he tIlrnted round after a little and peroeiried the cat following slowly in his trneck. TIhen it came close up t., him, gazed pitiusly in his fee, find gave utter iance to a low wail of peculiar tangtlsh. Ilolrling int his hand olut, to the distressed crentura hei saidt, "Poor IIssyI 'what' the matter with youi?" It lo(tokled it him teadtily fIr a moment, nndl thtan desicending to the, rivor in silmnce, leaped in, and ltetip ing its Iwhole bodly resolutely under, was tldrowlnedl in t\lwo minlutes without onlle titlempt to escape fromn its fate. Is it knownl t to any one of yotir renadrs that animals are addicted likei o men and women to the sin of suicide? We have till rend of Ilhe ucortliotn putting an etndl to its igisy by ithe keen Ipoignardl ofts s orwn stitng, Iit w\'itll tfhose of the hmnan species who cannltt iourl to face tlheir oiwn nt t;ions. tCoili it ibe that poorgritnalkin twas under monrl itherratltton, or' had eIntm ret:Ily killi.d thie cnt ? Wero thu cares itL life t?o muchiIi for this unfr'tuneto of the feline trihe? When we think of the presertiil dislike of cnts levcen to wtot tlheir glossy paws,i the act reicorlded evinces a dtep d)tutmirnation of pnirposo andt a lixed loathing of life. 