RERESTORATION OF EARLY AUSTRALIAN CHARTS. BY GEORGE COLLINGRIDGE. PART l I, CHAPTER I. Details of the Dauphin Chart-The features of the eastern coast compared with a modern chart. Now, if we consider in detail each one of the sections into which we have divided the eastern coast, we shall find clearly in- dicated the following features. —In the first section, from 1 to 2 :—Cape York, the extreme end of which protrudes through the island of Sumbawa, then comes Cape Grenville, Cape Direction, the Claremont Islands, Flinders Group of Islands, the Kennedy River, Cape Melville, Cape Flat- tery, Cape Bedford, the Endeavour River, Cape Tribulation, Holmes and Flinders Reefs—on this part of the coast appears the inscription ‘Coste dangereuse' (Dangerous coast,) — then comes Trinity Bay, Green Island, Cape Grafton, Hinchinbrook Island, with the numerous other isles thereabouts, Halifax Bay, the Herbert River, Cape Bowling Green, the Burdekin River, Abbot Point and the Cumberland Islands, Re- pulse Bay and Port Molle, Pioneer River, Broad Sound with Long Island —this sound or bay is set down as Bay Perdu (Lost bay). Shoalwater Bay comes,next ; here some of the headlands of the coast have evidently been mistaken for islands, Cape Townsend is an instance ; (we must not forget that this is a very frequent occur- rence even in modern charting) ; then comes Port Bowen, Keppel Bay, the Fitzroy River, Cape Capricorne and Curtis Island, Port Curtis and the Burnett River —this river is set down as R. de beaucoup, d'isles, (River of many islands), but this inscrip- tion might originally have been Ribera de muchas islas, (Coast of many islands). Then comes Sandy Cape, which terminates this first section; Before passing to the second section, it may be as well to point out here that the position which this first section ought to occupy, and evidently did occupy, is cor- rectly indicated as to longitude and lati- tude by the Island of the Holy Ghost (A) and the group of islands, Isles de Magna and Isle de Sail '(D) that occur in the locality of Great Sandy Island ; these islands forming the southern extremity, as the Island of the Holy Ghost forms the northern extremity of the first section. The second section, 2 to 3, represents that portion of the coast that extends from Sandy Cape to Sugarloaf Point ; the leading features being Hervey Bay, Great Sandy Island, Mary River, Wide Bay, Laguna Bay, Point Arkwright, the Brisbane River, and islands in the neighbourhood, Point Danger ; then along the coast of New-South Wales, Cape Byron, the Richmond River, the Clarence River, the Bellinger River-a very interesting fact in connection with these rivers is that they are indicated by the original Spanish term Rios, which has been preserved, probably by oversight, on this Gallicized chart —the Nambucca River comes next, the M'Leay River, Smoky Cape, Korogoro Point, Port Macquarie, Cape Hawke,and Sugar- loaf Point, which terminates the second.section. The third section, 3 to 4, repre- sents that portion of the coast of New South Wales that extends from Sugarloaf Point to Point Perpendicu- lar, comprising: Port Stephens, Red Head, Broken Bay and the Hawkes- bury River, Port Jackson, Botany Bay, Cape Solander, Port Hacking, Lake Illa- warra, and Point Perpendicular, which terminates this third section. The fourth section, 4 to 5, comprises the coast line between Point Perpendicular and Green Cape, the principal features being : Jervis Bay, Cape St. George, Batsman Bay and Clyde River, the Moruya River, the Tuross River, and Green Cape. The fifth section, 5 to 6, runs from Green Cape to Wilson's Promontory, comprising : Disaster Bay, Cape Howe, the Genoa River, the Snowy River, and Wilson's Promontory. It will be noticed that Caps de Fremose (Handsome Cape) is a suitable term for Wilson's Promontory, but this name has obviously been shifted as more appropriately describing the ' far jutting out ' portion of the coast as shown in the Dauphin Chart. The portion of the south- east coast extending from Wilson's Pro- montory to Point Perpendicular (Jervis Bay), 6 to 4, appears to have been repeated from Gouffre to Caps de Fremose ; the rem- nant of coast line extending thence to Baye Neusve, being simply a fictitious line run across to close the gap. The evident tampering with this portion of the true survey of this coast has been the source of great perplexity to those who, recognising other correct features in this map, could not reconcile them with this apparently outrageous distortion. I say apparently because this very distortion enabled its perpetrator to preserve in its true positior most of that portion of the coast extending from Jervis Bay to Wilson's Promontory, a distance of over 340 miles. 