novelist. The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA- m BY FREDERICK SL DEY. C'TAPi'nlii ItL- -CONTOfDED. \YUila secuuuly tr&ok; &a;& «i>fiflyit "with me there were some points upon which he was ex- tremol y reticent. He told ma that he belonged to one of tbe Eijpootran sects, and was allied to the bouse of a powerful Bijtb who only remained friendly with the British rale so long as it left liim QDistuh'oi in his own possessions. The Bajah Nahmanhs -was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrhj/a description, was xcaxrelioosly rich, pncrad aa Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domun wms off large extent, and was situated Sn tbe district known as OJeypore. ' Can yon tell ne,' X ashed of Simtha, if yon bare ever known cf a Hindoo prince raiM Havana ?' ' Yes, sahib/ he replied. The Rajah Havana was the father of the Be jab Hahmmnda. It was only iny strong self-control and power to suppress sudden emotions which prevented ma from leaping to my feet ri(b a cry of joy. As it was, I started a little, for the answer be had given told me that, through some <f-nw> <"«, I had engaged aa my servant one who was already connected with the household of the very Bsjah to whom 1 must laok for the information X sought in behalf of Cogswell's rcqaast. It was thon X began to question ffimrha, and found bim so extremely reticent and so loth to give me any details regarding the things X most wished to know. On tbe fourth day of our trip 1 resolved that I would be, in a measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it were possible to persuade him" to tell me more concerning tbe Rajah's immediate surroundings. i ' Simrha/ 1 said, qotetij, 1, toO| am going to India.' ' To India ?' he cried. ' Yes/ X continued ; 4 and am so well pleased with you and your services that if you derive it you may continue with me — on one condi tion.' Yes, sahib V 1 The condition is you remain in my service during the time I am in your country, and give me what aid you can in an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish. He was silent for several moments. 'if the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not yisit Odeypore during his stay, I will readily consent to the first part of the condition,' he 6 aid, finally. 4 Bat it u to Oleyporo that X most desire to go/ 4 In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your service, 4 Why not I' \- ' Because X belong to the household of the Bsjah Hahtnando.' 4 In what capacity do yon seme him?' 4 That which in your coautry yon would term secretary/ / But can you not secure his consent to nty plan? I asked. 4 Impossible, sahib?' - The tone in which he answered me was so de cided that X plainly aaw the futility of arguing with him farther. ' 4 Will yon tell -xns 'of his - household?' I asked. What more do yon desire' .to know, sahib ? ' Has he any family ? Would he entertain me for a few days at his palace ?' - 4XIe would not refuse yon if you applied to him, sahib; bat, if yon will allow me to advise yon, do not go there' 4 Why, Simrha ?' ' The Rajah knows yon/ Knows me Y I cried in wonder. 4 Yes, sahib. That is, he will know you hy the time you reach his palace, and lie will suspect the cause of your visit. 4 But my visit hss-.no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. 4 Pardon mc, sahib, bat it fcasr "Xjot t were for many years ?hp.f 4riw nd of Sahib Ben- beh Cogswell, who is now dead, and the Rajah wUl suspect that it is npon his affaire - that yon malm the visit.' I was astounded. Who are you, .Simrha ?' X cried/ And hbwo yon know these things?'- I 4 1 am Simrha/ Hindoo/ he .fldied,' cmlmly, 1 and I know whereof I Apeak, because jt hecame my duty to knoWvall tlmtxoncernedie Saliib Reuben Cogs weU. when I left Jndia/ / - 4 Then yon were isentheseby theBajsh V : cIwas, sahib.' . JL 4 In company with another?' He bowed an affirmative.. ... - \ 4 Howlongego/Simifra?' - : v. 4Twoyears/ -:,_L -V- 4 Did yon see the oldtate3>rforeliefl3ed?V 4 X did, eahio, hut he didsot eee she/ . . 4 Ah ! _ ; \ ; : 4 1 visited hii tinood. ZL.'' Without hBknowJejgeT "- 5 ' Without liis knowledge. ' For what i/ '<a: BsjahlMau 3!!S >&&. -tm.-UwijgiiXiktn bug?- : 1 r >'' - ----- y (... ficcausol should bo killed." - - . By whom r /By thziso who. watch me day and night/ - Axe th-re spies aboard this sbqtT - Ay. sahib, endinthis veryepariinbtit/ I glanced quickly around, ' hut the Hindoo only smiled. r ' They cannot be seen,- be said, "and yet they are bens. B.e ! 1 ill Jvc tbeaprtmcnt nd go upon deck. "While lam gcue, if youwill recall tic face of (be Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it -exactly as you would speak to him where ho really here. I will return and tell you what yon raid and what lie answered. 4 What he answered 1 4 Yes, sahib, for he will answer yon. Without another wind he turned and left me, while Beating myself jon the edge of my hnnk, 1 tell to picturing Cogswell's face upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a etra≥ fcensati m In my head, as if buids of etretchod robber were bound around iij my eyes grew heavy and 1 closed them,' jbat not in sleep ; unly hecause emed an effort to k«ep tbem open - Buddenly a Veiy familiar voice broke in upon me. . _ .'Wikfetii it, John? it mud | anil -lining nj quickly, although my eyes BtiU fatasif ritey.wBre closed, X Itixdd Reuben Ccfivd) a tan ding -before me. He looked just as Ihad'seen liimtn my in. explicable dream .the niglit when X obtained the signatures, and as then his presence did not seem to need au explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural ihat he should' be there. 'Who is this Hindoo travelling vriUi me-J'I asked. A peculiar perron,4 he xeplied He is subtle keen, and powerful in his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.' 4 He knows much of our mfiatra/ Xsaid slowly and meditatively. 4 Ho knows nearly all, replied the old man, 4 What he does not know and what he is deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyage to his country.' How shall! be able to prevail upon bim to work for me in this matter of carrying out your wishes? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life would bo invaluable to me/ \- 'Ay, John, so it would, bat yon must be careful. X believe Simrha to be faithfol, and possibly, if you were frank and open with him, it might not ! bj amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as X am unable to advise you. Old Reuben's face was becoming indistinct, and m« It did so my mind seemed - to work with more freedom, for suddenly a new thought occurred to ua 4 Wait r 1 cried. 4 One more question. 4 What is it?' ' Shall I find your descendant in India? Have you OA©; there? . Was it fancy, or did the face before me relax into a smile as lasted the question? X could not determine, for the features were growing ftwifrr and fainter to my virion. As though in the distance 1 beard Ins voice re ply to my question-: 4 Ay, I have one, John, and it depends entirely upon youuelf to find her/ 4 Her i 1 cried, but he had gone. Tbe familiar old lace had faded from view, and I was left alone. X rubbedmyeyes rigorously, and then with an , effort opened them to find myself still sitting upon he edge of my bonk in the state-room with every thing that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked aronnd me. . 4 Is my mind losing its balance T I asked my. adf, ' Ami subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have these strange and realistic virions,, dreams, -in which X see ghosts? Pshaw ! Non sense 1 And yet At this instant the door opened, and Sfrrn4i« ap- i peered standing in the entrance. There was a peculiar, smilo npon his face lite that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet i with the oppressed, tight feeding which was still | hovering about me, I -fancied there was something triumphant in his glance also. 4 Shall I enter, sahib he inquired, respectfully; aud as X nodded ho came iu and closed the door behind him. 4 Shall I speak and tell the sahib what has transpired T — See Picture Ho. 6.— he asked ; X wondering, if he indeed knew, and yet, dreading to share the knowledge with him, hesi tated. fl ) o.— onaii i qteu iDa.ioi ae auo voudbo transpired ?'aked Simrha My curiosity was too much lor me, however, and tbe strange amilc which still lingered about the Hindoo's eyes seemed to izrge me on... . 'Xes/speaki' lBrid Teil me all you know — all, or leavd my employ/ \- --CHAPTEB IP." - .. SHE BZKOOO'S WABKX5G. Sinirha seated himself upon a chair riear the. door, and slowly repeated the questions and Bfivm, each Reuben Cogswell rand W|9dlfdnitt «brige -dream, foe lionld explain myXatijCxpeihmrei no tfhen he h fiiuri/ uger.V '.i ; \'r- .33hp opa'Xori.'aJl, lOTtherefBslHl, mudi tpbjro, wdmprOTriled - cnimp.to n- gagejyonAB myseryantoaTise yw lawlfa msntr have iby womeaMemaljgieanB ppiiririon. 'Tvriiftwj?-hndribw- I'-ewesr, humet? jahcpijil '= 1 l&B; satdb ttoesEonTotBte'diiolJ! r ®® &e; SesKsduit rf this fiiabn ' CogaweU' - " L, : '""vi ' ia.1 ' .'Who, twe, and vtuiii the person?' " J EUs un grvid-niece of the lUjUi Hahmerihe,' nd seaidea in his palace in Odevpore. What is aha? ' A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, ' am her slave/ X lowered my weapon, and in a moment mora he continued : Iettbe sahib listen/ he said, wilh a dignity . that impressed me, a.nd let him take heed. Baring tho night before he left his native place a double crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him and he escaped.1 I was by this time walking back aud forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak ; but in my baud X still carried the revol- IttfSri inmy mind many schemes .arose forbid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. I did notiuterrupt him, however. ' Yon are bound for the East on a most riangtr- ous mission/ he said, and your path wHl be beset .with treachery aud danger continually. When you least expect lit death will stare you in the face. When apparently in the greatest security, perils subtle and sudden will stand' oh either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier ihan the s word of Baznoclcfl will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as the RijihNih- manlia lives your peril wfil continue, until it ends wilh your death, unless you are prepared to turn hack from your present intentions and forsake all farther effort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well/ 4 Never !' I cried. Again that faint smilo, like the flitting of a phantom, passed across his face. 4 J have not done,' he continued, for -X knew before I spoke that you would not turn back. There is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend — ihe friend who libsrated you from prison — will watch over you constantly, aud when dangers threaten and the sword is about to fall you will be sure to be warned." How cannot be told, bat let it not matter how tho warning comes heed it ; no mat ter how many there are, heed them all, or you will die/ 4 Who is this friend?' I asked, pausingabruptly in my restless pacing to and fro ; 4 and, Simrba, who are you?- Not a servant, surely l' 'Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen; you shall know all that can be told. With that you must be satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at preeent. 4 When your enemies find that you escape them and still lire, they will resort to apparent warn ing to you into danger; bat heed them not. You will always know the messages of your friend by the word "Narha," either spoken or written. 4 Why do you tell me this?' I asked.'1 To frighten me ? If that is your reason, Simrha, you wilt not succeed. 4 No more questions can be answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told take hoed, for the tenth his been spoken. I deceived you in order to enter your service, but that was done for the purpose of this interview. You could not be spoken to until we were on the water. Now that the words are spoken, we must part Remember, 'sahib, all that you have heard, and if you heed the warning we shall meet again : if not, you will fail; and, if even yon had a hundred lives re- given you, one after another, you would still be — dead.' Turning abruptly, he re-opened the door, and left me, while X, Ma»nc myself once more upon the edge of the bunk, leaned my head upon ray hands, and -pondered over the strange words I had just heard. . ' Was I, then, in such groat danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rajah so powerful that his influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives? Bah! Tho idea was preposte rous. yet, how haA. Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was he to know ihat l was in any way connected with the affairs, of Reuben i Cogswell ? Nay, more ! How had he become possessed of ids intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which hid hastened my. departure for the East, There was only one answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the Rajah were upon every hand, watchful, subtle — aye, and fatal too . But why had he warned me? Why had he selected me out of the chaos -of Hindoo Jmteed to be watched over and finally saved as be -had inti mated? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? ' Was it part of the treachery to which he referred? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliness to-' wards me? Alas I there was no answer to that 1 4 Stop 1' I exclaimed, hurriedly. 4 1 will go on deck and find him, question him further, and force him to tell me more. Without twice, 1 left the stateroom for -the deck, on Tchtng which, however, wot a - sign of Simrha could he seen maywbere among the passengers, although I waited bade and forth, eagerly looking for Mm. r . At last, feeling that .to continue my search un aided would be fruitless, 1 spoke to the chief officer, and crplaiued to - him my wish to find my servant. 4 Oh, yes,' he said, 4 remember him perfectly— a strange-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian — eh? 1 thought so. He spoke to me here on deck less than an hour ago. Lo3t him — eh ? Well, he is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that/ Colling the pursuer tolas aid, we three resumed the search, but after occupying an hour in frnitiess endeavours to find him, we met again. 1 He couldn't leave the ship verj well, unless he' went overboard,' said the officer, and he could not very wdldo that In daylight without iny hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and I will find him if X have to ransack the ship from stem toflttrn.' We began with the steerage, -every cue of the passengers in that part of the vessel being com- pelled to pass in review: before ns, Wo went down Into the bold, where stowaways secret themselves. Wefootad -amsng the jrioten mite boiler-rtwm. IniactjUofa portion of the skip where a man «oiild byany possibility have secreted himself was left 'unexamined. r ' Simrha bad .disappeared. \- Theeatindupj crew and passengers alike, be£: caaneinterested dn the .atrasge and . inexplicable aventsmd frit that lie must t>e found; hot as the - Amy won on, Und stiUthy Hindoo sorant was hris- ring/XTehimup. , . :<TTd most have gone overboard/ ntitieieklel joffiber to me, when the sriurch was completed,' for Ijam positive that heis notaboard thewes-, tibw/ vv :v '/ ; And sbfhbught 1, and although 1 could not he-., Jiekie kel voteiardy Ihrewn biadself Into . jtim sea, £cpncnded ihat inattemptiqg io conceal hmudf jhe had somriiowfalleh overboard mid beov 3wt/y "v1 i'i r-V.'-iV 'J- iOn thefoUowing day a iiewacritrimemtrfT«ane bind torn, knia hiigrilLg TV«lt was loawthte,' I wned /g.rontteaec/ . ; "The «|e«r«d tells me .grange elory,' miaaie tolure die W aone, ielthoagli 1 ihink :U'ti5dem, »i tte jtewdV story nothing but k v Xiet me hearit/ laaid. . . He ai& (hat half an hour btXore he ras- put ting away, scum glasses in their proper placa, and had occasion to step; into. a back pantry, where he kept several binds of 'dainty food, A?. He opened the door suddenly, and was frightened, nearly out of his wits by the right that met his' gase. Standing at the farther cud of the pantry, with a glass of wine at his lips, was -the. figure of my Hindoo servant Simrha. The steward qaicklj recovered his wits, how ever, sod crying, Aha, 1 have caaght you, havelf sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But he hsd not taken the second step -before be came to a sudden stop, for the East ludiiit was no longer there;. He had disappeared bifore the steward's cyes.and at'the further end cf a-little closet-like room, from which there was absolutely no means of escape, ascept-by y«g through the door behind the indignant steward. The man rubbed Iris eyes, thinking that some-' thing blurred lxis vision, but the Hindoo had van ished lite the flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed out. Tbe seeond look satisfied ftfai that he was not mistnten, while on the other hand he was asposi- 4ive that the strange man had been there when he firet entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turned And fled from the place, convinced that he bad seen a ghost, and going straight to the chief -officer, he hod told tbe Story which in turn was related to me. 4 All imagination, X say,' ejaculated the officer 4 but ail ths same, 31c. Mercon (that was the name 1 had caused to be entered iu the p iss?ager list for mine) we will make another search if -you say so.' 4 Lot us go into "pantry/ 1 replied. Had Simika indeed been there engaged in drinking wine, there will bssomc evidences cf Ills-presence there, aurcly.' Wo went together to the steward's pantry, and there, npon tbe little table at ths farther end was a half-empty bottle of claret and a glas, both of which the steward took his oath were not there when he had gone outcf iheplace a couple of hours before, encountering in his way what he now thoroughly believed to be the phantom' of Simrha. 4 Ghosts don't drink wine and eat biscuits/ said the chief officer, 4 and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton ?' 1 did not know what t ) say, feeling as though X was surrounded by uncanny shapes and inex" plicable events, which somehow influenced me ; strangely. Let us make anotlisr -search,' said 1, after a pause. This time it was made with even , mora tho roughness than it had been before, the differ ent parts of the vessel being examined simulta neously. The result, however, was the same as before, as after two hours had been consumed in the fruit less search for the Hindoo, the chief officer sought me out again. It ia useless/ he said ; 4 the fellow is not aboard this ship — 1 sim certain of that/ 4 How, then, do you account for the steward's story ?' 1 asked. 4 Superstition and imagination,' he replied ; and he turned away to attend to his duties. When 1 want down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt in my mind, i could not shake off the feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caught myself looking earnestly Into dark comers and obscure places, half expect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding me with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon .his swarthy face. _ X even want so for As to pull aside the curtains and peer under -my bunk, as though expecting to see bis gleaming and kindly eyee looking at me from among the life- preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice .the steward reporled that articles were missing from his pan try, hut the chief officer charged the fact to the man's superstitious terror, saying sententimsly, 4 now that Clark had seen oaeehosfc hewould be troubled with them all bis life/ We made port at Liverpool soon after daylight in tbe morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at tbe monunt when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroused by a loud rap on my door just as darkness was fleeing h afore the ad vance of the son; 1 arose and nibbed my eyes prep iratoxy to dres sing. -Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where -it hung on its hook against the bulkhead? It was no fancy, hut fact, and 1 seized the frag- mehtof paper wtih trembling hand3,jand as 1 read a strange, creeping aensation tingled through my nervous system. There was an evidence of the presence of Sim rha, for there could- be no doubt that it was he who intended to actasihe mysterious friend who was to give me timely warning of aay approaching danger. The note was written in the Hindustani langu age, ana was as follows : / <Do "4 stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across the Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurha again/ theritated.' Now was the time forme to decide whether or -not I should follow the advice thus given me,4or if I followed it stall, it must he to do so implicitly in blind confidence aud -ob riienee. How had the note been placed in my room white I slept? Was Shnriia really alive and aboard the riiip? If-so, he must indeed be adroit to successfully evade the men who had searched for I" so diligently through -every pari of the vessel. It was evident that X-could not avoid him. Why, then, attempt it? if he were indeed my friend,' 1 felii thfitr!)£ scission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way! ?or -1 .could not escape this strange man.- - . 4 IwiUobey Tlsaid aloud; and thenlsprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re pliedalmost icslantly: ' 4Narhafhaoksyou." \- VWhoispoke?' 1 cried; but so one' answered. A careful search satisfied me that X was alone. ' -/lam beset withdevils-r-or angels/ 1 muttered, / orrirelamgoing-ifiaa/ ' . Mytortet was completed .'in thejntmbri haste, andllrft the slnp withoutdriayj makinginy way as replay as l could tollpv, and the&oe; amosa the Chaimdto Calais. ' ; \- Nothing occurred worth remark during the time Aim fiqi!wyeJj aimf I1 'iMblrii Ito. ifeiilMW ia flbia quriht bti French town a fewdays for icrt and to abcovw yrtnch licit was nlher awry toce4niglit arism-X bri completed toy And Huriey, OTththghasta ? a DTgh XAt ill evente, Xt-jw derided 