. A CATASTROPHE . AT THE ] CASINO. ..... r-r ''I BY NATHAN »? TOKBB, Hot long after (ho Casino of the Central /Park WEB first thrown open to the publio, three persons .regularly visited its refresh intent saloons, who wero not long in exaiting innervation by their roinurkableoonduot. They never spoke a syllable, either to eaoh other or anyone elao; even their order being given to the waiter upon a dip of paper by one of the three. Thoy wero certainly not deaf, beeauBe the waiter's spoken announcement of the ex pense incurred was always instantly as sented to by a general bow of the head, and . an immediate produocion of the money de manded. If dumb, they uaed no aigna of tho hands, or otherwide, to oorainunioatQ with each t,tber. Thuir demeanor was invariably of tha , deepest }?loom, Tho looks whiah they ooqaaionuly oaat at eaoh other boro no traoea ) of atfeosion, nothing of the glow of friendship but wore stony and cold, na with mutual re sentment and repulsion. They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though .aonsisting of the most delioRto and tempting viand?, but devoured it with tho meahaniaul oohhiesaof phantoms or ghoula. All were olothed in the deepest, richest blaok. The faces of all were utterly devoid of color ; that of the lady waB very pretty, though sho was no longer young, and possessed of ft tk'ura inclined to embon point. 01 oourpa the-appetU'ancu of thia (lingular ;?io regularly once or twice a week through .sTi entire season, at auoh a faohionable resort, could not fail to command curiosity And attention. They oamo to bo known among the olerka And other attendants ait the three ghoula of the Casino, and many were tho speculations Aq: to who thoy were, afld what waa the meaning of their singular demeanor. In the meantime, however, the silent atrangera grow gloomier and more'ghoul-lika at overy visit: and the dull eold glare of re santment in the eyea ot each appeared to daily inoteaaa in intensity of hate. At last thereoamea catastrophe, It Wft0 a lovely afternoon, and the Casino waa thronged. And then the three atrangera began to adopt a most novel mode ot lan guage. They bagan to hiss at each other ao if possosaed by a multitude ot poisonous aer pante. Their eye a biassed lilm basilisks; Ataeir teeth glittered through their shrunken Jflp3, and still they hissed and hissed with the fury of fiends, Tney_ were instantly surrounded by a wondering orowd, members of whioh oonld not forbear exclaiming, " gjbame 1 ahame 1" at auoh an unnatural exhibition of serpen tine Bpitaand malevolence. , Bat the three beings thus unfortunately poaaeaaed only hissed the louder, and ac companied their Bibllationa by fierce and threatening gesticulation. The lady appeared mora furious than either of her companions. She hissed away like a pythonea?, and her face, usually BO cadaverous in hue. clowed litre thn illmni. iwted rind»of ft " Jaoko'-Imntern, .' la aha mad ?" «. Are they all orazy *' Send for an offioer 1" and similar ejacula tions fall from the lipa of tho wondqring and horrified speotators; but without any effect Upon the snake-filled strangers. At last tho men worked themselves into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their feet, One o! them drew a knife, and before he ooald be prevented, thrust it into the bosom "Of hia opponent. A ory of horror rang through the saloon; but this was changed to one of wonder at the conduct of the ; wounded man. Ho simply drew hia coat over the hilt of the daggor, whioh still remained quivering in his breast, burst into a low, pardonio laugh, and strode from the binding as if he ware unhurt. But, before he departed, the only words that had ever been heard to proceed from the myateiroua ' trio fell from his hps. "Fiends I'1 he hissed; "by the serpent Spell that governs ua all, I will yet haunt ye both I I?ar'8well 1 Ye may have deatooydd my body, but the oobra- spirit in my nature -Will follow you on. and poiuon yo for ever !" Ho vaTiiohed, and thoaa who followed hira , ( to the door inatantly loat Bight of him, sa : iiboagh ho had melted into thin air. i .A storm of triumphant hiaaea from the Jtemaining pair was their only rfiply to tho ? . Jmprcoation of their defeated fcilo^v; and ' then they resumed eomo wine they had boon diBOQBBing, and became nBEombro and silent aaever. "Seize the murderer 1 Ban for a police. : > . .man?" oriad tho now thoroughly excited J t crowd, gathering aiotind with threatening , t gqstnraa, whioh, however, had no effect upon the pair, , . ;Apolioeman waa anmmoned. Hehappaned . , to bo of the ultra-phlegmatio and mattcr-of v f-iftot variety, who are in tho habit o! taking everything easily, After hearing the atory of the desperate , stabbing, and the sudden evaporation of the . murdered man, ho regarded tha remaining , . inan and woman with considerable non ; s ohalanoc, and remarked ; "Loolta to mo like a regular bilk, Murdered men don't slope out of eight with v knives sacking in their hearta, No need ot ' ft row about nothing," s He walked laiaurely off, much to the dia Batiafaotjon of the crowd: and tha silent i' ipao, with hiaailent partner, ooolly finished . their wine, paid for it, and departed lor ,, . their Qsvcriage, as hadheen their oaatom, ' Thoea who witnessed' their departure , aveiiBd that from the depths of the myBtor. >] Ioob ooaoh there was heard to issue low and : '/multitudinous hiasinga, as from a whole neat f , of wrangling BerpentB. As the gentleman and lady continued their i «<\ Tegular viaita to tho Caaino, the abaonao of ' ,their whilom oompanion oonflrined many in tha eonviation that the murder had been no ?'hy Bhara, bnt an actual and frightful tragedy ; >\v, ,jMid tho pair were retarded with growing 5»<1 n, puspioiqn and dread. , - .i One day, when they wore sitting at the }>*' table they usually oooupied-aa far apart PiJ , from the real na ponaiblo-a sudden re.Burap l . lion of the binning sounds instantly rivetted upon them the moat intense and anxioua !? ! .scrutiny, '' L But .this time tho hiaaes were neithor '-ir* fierce nor loud. They were low, tremulous, nu »nd hesitating, as of snakes in terror and .r-' uv pain. Tho man and tho woman drew to , :gethor, shiveringly, aa if stricken by sudden w. ?guBts of ioy wind, and glanced at the open *.; ' ., i door, with expeotani horror upon their oorpaa ,1;,."' likeiaeea. : All eyea wore turned in the same direction >i*nd so breathless was the suspense that a pin might huva been heaid to drop. . - She ghost o! the murdered man glided into ^ the light of the apaoious doorway, and stood motionless (or an instant, giving utteranoo limply to a low, sardooio Bibilation, whioh oeurdled the blood of all who heard, and <eaoaed the guilty couple to cower and shud der in fkbjeot horror. -Tha ghost was attired preoiaoly aa when last beheld in the saloon, mnoh after the manner of Dion Bouoioault'a "Phantom," . laTathat . »HiB waist was bound with hia waiBt-band round, 'His burnished atove-pipe gleamed on high, V But his breaBt was bare, with the red wounds ? - there, And dark was the glare of hia glassy eye," The dagger remained planted in hia breast. HO' pointed to it with a movelesa finger, and then glidod forward without a Bound, The ifadjea were too-much frightened to soream, .ihutAutned perfectly white with terror. The ".^altera blanched to the oolor of their aprons. Bat "the guilty aoupla preaented the most pitiable Right, They aotually wilted beneath the avenging handa whioh the phantom ex tended mennoingly abovo tliem. The tableau might have reaohed even a moro ghastly extremity had not a personage at this moment strolled in, for whom the supernatural, or its imitations, had but .eoanty terrors, Tbia waa the phlogmatio officer. " What's thia tom-foolery ?" he blandly remarked; at the aame time giving the bideona phantom a alap on the back which made a mundane being ol him in thetwinkl* IDR O! an eye. i The man of aDpoetio phlegm then plaokod the dagger from the phantom's breast, and sent him reeling back from a punch in the ribB with hia stalwart elbow. " NoWi bleed to death," it you will!" he exclaimed, with savage cruelty, " You see, ladiea and gentlemen," he continued, holding up the murderous poinard, and working it with hia hands; " didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk, This is a triok dagger, whose j blade runa into the hilt, and that vagabond J wob never hurt a bit." A ory ol rage burst from the orowd who had been BO egregiously sold, and a move ment was made toward the ."phantom " and his friends, the latter of whom had arisen and began to hiss anew. " No more of that 1" cried tho officer, swinging his club, angrily, " Speak out, or come to tho lookup I" They understood hia gesture, if not hia worda; and atraigthaway thoso myRterioua and thoughtless ont;a bngan to speak liVenoh « rata thai would have alarmed an army of Germanti, " Who understands their lingo ?" roared iha officio?, clapping his handa to hia c-avs, A littla dapper gmitloman, pale with trepidation, oarno forward and explained, ini broken Englibh, that ha wna the agent of the gentleman and lady, who \/ero French mountebanks (renowned artists, ho oalied them), whom he had brought over to thia oouutry. Ponding their appearance at a certain Bowery establishment, ho had adopted thia innocent mode of enhancing their importanoe, intending to make a regular newspaper cxpoco shortly before their legitimate appoaranoe, and tljua ineure over whelming houses. 'Jhia explanation was made under sueh ludicrous terror, that the good humor of the majority of tho throng was thoroughly re stored, and tho diaoomflted aorobata and sword ewallowerg, with their little agent, were puffered to depart unmolested; but there wero many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they had been "sold" in the Oaaino. 