The Doctors Shook their llends. " I would give n million dollars fov h stnmnch,' said a;wealthy American vecently. Now a; million1 dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money; lint,he whs notable to buy the nrticle even at'.tlmt. price." . Mr. 'I homos Gaakin, of No.: 3,1 Pnplar.iKow" Darley Abbey, near Derby, is hot1 so rioh as many, being a gardener, but he was ready onough to give all he had for one thing ho hadn't got. Here is^bis story, and he shall tell it in his own way. >Mr. Qaskin ? goes on to say: "Up to eight years, ago I' have never lost an hours' work through; sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in mytnouth,.which would fill with water and slime, the.' latter so thick and sticky that I have often bad to remove * it with my fingers. My oheBt used tp. ' fill up' and . my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great: deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain,till Ibled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of; my ears. I; became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending thore for six months \yns very little bettor.. I got so thin that 1 was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with mo. For oightoen months;I kept gotting butter, thon worse, and at last, the doctors recommended mo to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my, former master gave me an indoor recommendation , tj the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found howovov.tlmt all the beds in tho. hospital wore full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. Tho first one said, ' You arc in a yalloping consumption,, anil must die t tho other doctors, after sounding my. lungs jiud ohost, midwtlUnij but shook-their head*. "Gettinga trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely, I wa9 always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid.to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my. eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and "I could keep nothing down, I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards, I was always tiled and weary, and silting or lying, was never at ease and got no real .reft. Too weak to read,I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous T couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me/ " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' / can do you no good; I can only, patch you tip, because \your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle, _ But nothing did any good and my friends who came to see me said,' well you won't cottgh much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' . " About the middle of March 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mill at Darlcy Abbey, said to me. ' rout, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' and told mo how he had been cured after being in the hospital, I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle nfc,»Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited, Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food: kept down, and in a few days more I was a hie to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight! went to see my master, who asked, what had ; wrought the improvement,: and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work'at once, and have never lost a day's work Bince. : "Of course ray strength did not return 'all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." - ? . ; '. -<:? "In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gnskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darlcy Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts a'leged. Mr. Gaskin has lived'at Darley Abbey, 22years and bears an,excellent reputation. Now, what whs. the complaint from which he suffered 1 Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less- than three months, instead of growing worsa( for seven years. His: complaint was-.chronic -inflamntory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), ; which has lung symptoms like consumption, for?.which', it-is.bo often ignorantly mistaken and .wrongly treated. When the right remedy^ Mother Seigel's Syiup, was; used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield, to that' magnificent- preparation. We heartily: congratulate! Mr. 'Gaskin on his recovery, and. commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 