OUE IfEW SERIES OF SHOET COMPLETE STOBIES. H O. 5. THE ADYEISTTURES o, THREE IG&D; BY DANIE£»]Ol3% fx W- ?j^BK-:-iRiJssiiiii,, Author of "The "Wreck lof the Grosvenor," "A-Sea Q.ueeu," The GUjldeii Hope," &c.; {AMJ EESERVED ] [CONTINUED] . morning passed away, and a . little after twelve o'c'ock the water in th* so&tli; was darkened fay tbe brushing of a wind, whick drove the hovering masses: -of vapour before if; and presently they had totally disappeared, leaving a sky "with, rents and yawns of blue in places, and a clear glass-like circle of horizon, upon which however, the e was nothing to be seen. "The boat moved slowly before the wind, which blew hot as a desert breeze; I sheered, and Jackson and Fallows sat near me, one or" the other from time to time getting on to a th lvarfc to take a view of the ocean, under the sharp of his hand. In this fashion passed the after noon. The night came wi'h a deal of fire in the water, and a very clear moon floating in lagoons of velvet softness betwixt the clonds. The weather continued quiet; the long sw**ll made a pleasant cradle of the boat, and the night-wind being ftill of dew, breathed refreshingly upon our hot cheeks; whilst onr ears were smoothed by the rippling noise of the running wa'ers which seemed to cool the senses, as the breeze did the body. It was alnmsfc a d«*ad calm, however, at daybreak next morning. The atmosphere was close and heavy, and there was a strange strong smell of seaweed, rising off the ocean, which caused m« to look narrowly about, with some dim dream of perceiving land, th' ugh I should kaow there was no land for leagues and leagues. Whilst we were munching a biscnit, I observed an appearance of steam lifting off the water, at a distance of about half-a-mile on the starboard side of the boat. The vapour came out of the water in the shape of cork-screws, spirally working, and they melted at a height of perhaps ten or fifteen feet., I counted five of these singular emissions. Jackson said that they were fragments of niist,andwe might look out for such another thickness as had lost ns the brig. Fallows said * USTo: that's no mist, mate; that is as good steam as ever blew out of a kettle. Are there places/where the water boils in this h^re ocean?' As he said these words., an extra ordinary thrill passed through the boat, followed by a sound that seemed more like an intellectual sensation than a real noise. What to compare it to I don't know; it was as though ! it had thundered und^x the sea. An instant later, up from the part of the water where the corkscrew appear ances were, rose a prodigious body of steam. It soared without a sound from the deep; - it was baloou-shaped but of mountainous proportions. 4 A searquake!' roared Jackson. Stand by for the rollers/ But no sea followed. I could wit ness no commotion whatever in swell the water; - the light, long flowed/ placidly . into the base of the mass ofwhiteness and there was nothing besides visible on the breast of the sea, save the delicate wrinkling of the weak draught of air. "Very quickly the vapour thinned as steam dpes, and as' it melted off the surface, it disclosed to our astonished gaze what at UrstsigM seemed to me the fabric of a greatship, but. after view ing it for a moment or two, J d_is-^ tinctly made out the form of an old-: fashioned hull with the half of" much suchanother hull asshe, alongside,, hoth apparently locked/together about the .hows: aud they seeined to be ported by some huge gleaming black platform ~ but what it was we could not tell. The three of us drewadeep breath as we surveyed the floating objects. The steam was gone; there they lay plain and bare; it was as though the wand of a magician had touched the white mass, and transformed it into the objects we gazed at. 'Down vrith the sail/ says I, 1 there's something yonder worth look ing at.' We got the oars over, and pulled in the direction of the -fabric. As we approached I could scarce credit the evidence of my own sight. The form of one of the vessels was perfect. She was of an, antique build' and; belonged to a period that I reckoned was full eighty years dead and gone. The other-the half of her I should say-showed a much bluffer bow, and had been a vessel of-some burthen. But the wonder was the object on which they rented. This was no more nor less than the body of a great dead whale! We first needed to lose something of our amaqement ere we could reason ably speculate upon what we saw ; then how this had happened grew plttiu to our minds. The two craft, God know how many long years before, had been in action and foun dered in conflict. The smaller vessel -I mean the one that lay whole before us, might have been a priva teersman : she had something of a piratical sheer forward, there were no signs of a mast aboard either of them, one had grappled the other to board her I dare say and they had both gone to the bottom linked. The veesel of which only half remained may hav<± broken her back in settling, and by-and-bye the after part of her wasted away leaving the dead bowsstill gripped by the dead enemy alongside. But how came the whale there P Well, we three men reasoned it thus, and I don't doubt we were right. At the moment of the sea-quake the whale "was stemming steadily towards the two wrecks resting on the bottom. They had been lifted by the explosion, which at the same time killed the ?yhale; but the impetus of the vast form slided it to under the lifted keels where it came to a stand. A dead whale floats as we know. This whale being dead was bound to rise, and the buoyancy of the immense mass brought the two craftjup with it, and there they were, poised by the gleam ing surface of the whale, which was depressed by their weigh*, so that no portion of the head, tale, or fluke was visible. ' It's them, vessels being connected,' says Jackson, 1 as keeps- them afloat. If what holds them together forrard was to part they'd slide off that there 1 slipperinessjand sink.' ,We rowed close, and three of us greatly marvelling as you maysuppose, for never had the like of such an iijpwlent as this happened within the knowledge of ever a one of us, ano Fallows alone was a man of five and forty who ~had been using the . ocean for thirty-three years, It was as scaring as the rising of a corpse out of the depths; as scaring as if that corpse turned to and spoke when bis head showed-to see those two vessels ?lying in the daylight after eighty, aye, and perhaps a hundred years of the green silence hundreds of fathoms deep, locked in the sanfe posture- in i which .theyhadgone down, making youalmostfancy that you could hear thethunderof their guns, witness th© flashing of the cutlasses, and the rush of the boarders to the .bulwarks amidst a hurricane note of huzzaing ana shrieks of the wounded. They were both -of them hand somely crusted with shells, not of the barnacle sort, but such as you would |Mck in Ceylon or the,_ Andaman, some of them finely^ colored, many of them white as milk, *>f « thousand different patterns; and there was not one ot them but what was beautiful. * : * Let's board her,5 says Jackson. VAhj but if that whale be alive!' says Fallows. 'lfofearof that,' says I, ' if he was alive there'd be some stir in him. The whale's not the danger; it's the lash ing which may part .at any momeni. It should be in a fair way of rotten ness after so many years of salt water, and if it goes the vessels go." * I'm for boarding her all the same,* says Jackson. But first of all we pulled- round to betwixt the bows of the craft to see what it was that connected them, and we then found that they were held together by something stronger t h an an old grapnel. The bluff of the bows came together like walls cemented by sand and shell, and it was easy by a mere glance to perceive that they would hold together while the sea continued tranquil. .Betwixt their heels was a hollow which the round of the whale nicely filled, and there all three lay, very slowly and solemnly rolling upon the swell in as deep a silence as ever they had risen f»om. We hung upon our oars, speculat ing awhile, and thtn fell to talking ourselves into extravagant notions. Fallows said that if she had been a» privateer she might have money in her, or some purchase worth coming at. I was not for ridiculing the fancy, and -Jackson gazsd at the craft with a yearning eye. * Let's get aboard,1 says he. * Very well,' says I, and we agreed that Fallows should keep in tLe boat ready to pick us up, if the hulk should go down suddenly under us. We easily got aboard. From the gunwale of our boat we could place our hands upon the level,of the deck, where the bulwarks were gone, and the shells were like steps to our feet. There was nothing much to be seen however; the decks were coated with shells as the sides were, and then went flushfrom the taffrail to the < yes with-never a break, everything being clean gone, saving the line of the hatches, which showed in slightly raised squares, under the crust of shells that lay everywhere like armour. * Lord!' cried Jackson;i what would Igivo for a chopper or pick-axe to smash open that there hatch, so as to1 get inside of her.' 'Inside of her!' says I; ' why she'll be fall of water!' 'That's to be proved, Mr. Small' says he. We walked forward into the bows, and clearly made out the shape of a grapnel thick with shells, with its claw s upon the bulwark rail of the half ship alongside, and there was a line stretched between, belayed to what? might have beeu a keyel on a stanch ion of the craft we were in. This rope was as lovely as a piece of fancy work, with t^ny shells, and on my ; touching it to see if it was taut it parted as if it had been formed of smoke and each end fell with a little rattle against the side ais though it had been a .child's string of beads. We were gaping about us, almost forgetting our distressed situation^ in: coutem plation of these astonishingob- . jects which had risen likes ghosts from, the mysterious heart of the deep, when :'We heard Fallows calling,: and on our running"'.to the side to learn what ho wanted, we saw him standing up in. the boat, pointing like o. madman -into the southward. ^ It was the white canvas of a vessel, clearer to us thaat \- ? who was lower some feet. The air was still a weal: draughty but theiail wjs rising with a minbleness that made us know she was bringing abreeze of wind along wifch her, and in faalf-an- hours time shehad risen to the black line of her, bulwarks rail, disclosing the fabric of what was ap parently a brig or barque, heading almost dead on her endjjfor op. half-a-miie ^istant.yThe. breeze the vessel was bringing along with her ^as all about «8 presently with $\ threat ofwet andofWeight in it.. We stepped our oar, with oar shirts atop, andsthey blew, out bravely and made ? a good siga-d. ~ 1 * Why see, Mr. Small!' cries Jack- j son on a sudden, 4 ain't she the Hindoo Merchant ?' j Istood awhile, arid then joyfully .exclaimed, Aye, tis tbe old hooker j herself, thanks be to (xod.' J I knew her by her short fore-top ! gallant mast, by her chequered band, andothtes signs clear to a sailor's eye, flTid the three of us sent up ashout of delight, Jor it was like stumbliog upon oii^J^etyiaome,^asjatwere*after hav ing; night lost amidst; the; the blackness nnd snow of the country where one's house stands. She came along handsomely, ? with foam to the hawsepipe, thanks to ther freshening breeze, and her main royal and tqpgallantsail clewing up as she Approached, for our .signal had been -seen; then drove alongside with her topsail aback and in a few minutes We were aboard, shaking hands with -Captain Slow and all others who ex tended a fist to ns, and spining our yarn in response to the eager ques tions put. * But what have you there, M»*. .Small ?' says Captain Blow staring at j -$h« two craft ahd the whale. I ex>' plained. * Well,' cries he, * call me a missionary if ever I saw such a sight as that afore! Have ye boarded the -vessel ?' pointing to the one that was whole. * Yes,' said I, ' but there's - nothing Jbut shells to look at.' 4 Hatches open ?'s*ys he. * JSTo,, says I, 4 they are as securely cemented down as if the stuff had been laid on with a trowel.' Jackson, Fallows, the boatswain, and i ? few of the darkeys stood near, -eagerly catching what we said. ' A wonderful sight truly !' said Captain Blow surveying the objects with a face distorted with astonish anent and admiration. * How many years will they have been asleep under vwater, think ye, Mr. Small ?' * All a hundred, sir,' says I. 4 Ay,' says he, 4 I've seen many prints of old ships, and I'll allow that it's all a hundred as you say, since she end the likes of she was afloat. Why \--cries he with a sort of .. n°rvous laugh :as if half ashamed of what he was about to say, ' who's to tell but that there .may be a chest or two of treasure Stowed away down in ;her *4azerette ?'. ' That very idea occurred to me, sir* rgays I. v'." 4 By your pardon, capt'n/ here in terrupted Jackson, knuckling hp fore head, * but that may be a question not hardto settle if ye'll send me aboard with a few tools.' v ?;? The captain looked as if he had a mind to entertain the idea, then send ing a glance to windward. . 'She'll be fall of water,' said I. ' Ay,' said the Captain, turning to \- Jackson, ' how then * We can but lift a hatch and look for ourselves, sir,' answered the man. 4 Bight, \says the captain; 4 but ? you'll have to be«ir a hand. tret that -cask on boardi Any water in it?' vsays he..' 4 Yes sir,' says X. * Thank God for the same then, says he. " '-v~-, : Bat^yist Aey were manoeuvring with the cask the breeze freshened in -a sudden squall, and all in a minute -as it seemed a sort of .sloppy sea was set ^running- Theeaptem looked aa zxious, yet still Seemed willing the boat should go to the wreck. I sent some j Lascars aloft to fnrl the loose canva^, whilst this was doing, the wmd fresh- , .ened into yet. another long-drawn -Mast that" swept in a shriek betwixt our masts. ' * , * ' There's nothing to be done! , sung.} out the skipper, 'get that boat^ ^ J the fell, Jackson; we must hoist neti? , up.' The darkeys -lay aft to me; tackles and Jackson climbed over the ^ail wi'h a countenance eonr and sprung on t > the deck, istep p? heard & loud, crash - like the report of ca small piece of ordnance, and lookiiig' t iwards ifce hnlks I was jiistf^ih. timte to see them sliiing off the back of the whale, one oil either side ^}f the greasy black surface. Thpy vanished in a breath, mnd the dead careassrelieyed oftheir weigh fcseemed if ;ffc'rtce aH^ so^ ten or Jify^e of the seething and simmeringsurface which had frothed 3$ ifedescentof ihe yessels; the ne&t; tnoBQient it turnedoveraiidgave j us aifeff of its wholelengfch-a sixty to fieymty feet whale, if "tlie carcass , ! was an inch, with here and there this blackscythe like"do"8al fin ofashark saUirig Jackson hooked a quid out of hia mouth and geut it: overboard. -. His face of mutiny left him and was re placed by an expressionof gratitude. Five minutes later the old Hindoo Merchant was thrusting" throngh it with her nose heading for the river Hoogliley, and the darkeys tying a single reef In the fore-top s*il. [THE END*] 