— ~ ? ? — A CONDUCTED TOUR. Those of oar readers who have been in London and made preparationa to ' do ' a part of the Continent will have a vivid recol lection of Ludgate, Hill and Cook's tourists office, and then of tbe master at the railway station, under the conductor whom great travellers' friend has assigned them. The memories of the steamer, and of the strip of salt water between England and France are less pleasing. The banter and cockiahnpjwi of the travellers at the beginning, the woe begone look early in the voyage, tbe settling of accounts with old Ocean to the old familiar time of 'New York' where ail the paying was on the one side, and all the receiving on the other,' the limpness and hopeless despair of the victims by the time the straits were crossed— Who that* has teen tbis once can ever forget it i That ?as but the beginning of sorrows. There was then the jumble of tongues, the queer cookery, the strange sights And sounds, and above all the solitude outside yonr own small party, these altogether rendered sightseeing a dis appointment, and travelling something like a fraud. True the fcrithnsiasSc traveller got over it, and enjoyed himself ; but the common place one and unfortunately -the most people out of Port Melbonrne are common place, had to eonfess he was little better than a fool for his pains. - We have got over all that now. Travelling is made easy, we can see a good bit of the world almost without leaving our own fire Bide, and at the smallest expense. -Besides, add tbe fact that the objects seen are shown: uttbeir best, when light is clearest asS chade deepest, the lundscapealwaye bright, and tbe weatlier always fine — these should make toe new fashion of traveflhig so attractive as to pat the old oat of counten ance altogether. We are to have experience of the new fashion jo the Presbyterian Church on Toes day evening week, the 6th of October, when Mr. Gunn, with a magnificent magic lantern, is to conduct a select part; (a Church full, we have no doubt} over the most celebrated and romantic parts of the High lands of Scotland. The tour is to begin with Glasgow, the Qneen of the Clyde. St. Mungo'e old Cathedral, one of the best pre served ecclesiastical monnments in Scotland, is to be visited. George's Square, the new University, and the Broomulaw axe to be. shown and described. Dumbarton Bock and Castle are to be shown, andGreenock, where James Watt, the father of the steam engine as we bave Ilnowy was born. Inverary, the seat of the Argyie family, is to be visited, and Staffit and Fingal's cave, with its won derful basaltic columns, as if nature thought of making a mighty stone organ to be played by the fierce Atlantic winds with the base' of ocean's roar, but' capriciously changed her mind jnst as the work was well began. The other side is still more wonderful, known as the Giant's Causeway, on the North-east coast of Antrim. The face of eom'. of the cliSa there are really like the pipes of an organ. Glencoe, with its - sad memories, where the ghosts of the mur dered Macdonalds are supposed to visit the glimpses oi the- moon, and raise their voices on the nightwind, shrieking for vengeance on their murderer ! Ben Nevis will be visited, with its observatory and hotel no leas than 4,406 feet above the sea level— a good deal nearer Heaven than mast hotels are supposed' to be, Dnnpwuby Head will be seen, where the wild raUercpf the Atlantic break in in ceaseless thunder. Aberdeen, Hie granite eity, is to figure in Mr. {Sunn's tour, it wiQ seem as clear cnt and distinct as tbe granite original itself U seen, in the most favorable weather and from the best standpoint Bal moral, the Qneen's Highland borne, is one of the chief point* of intereetin the panorama. Mr. GnnnV party wul likely get a. better view of the scene than they could promise themselves if a benevolent fairy were to come and whisk them bodily to the High-, lands. DonkeUt, where sad pranks were played on-both Church and parson, is to be visited. Our tourists need not be alarmed, however, the town is sober enough now, and the steeple and bell are both in their usual place and all right. Killiecrankie aai its wild Bcenery ia to be exhibited, where the blood-stained Claverhoose, the; most hated man in Scotland, felt Ben Ledi, Ben Lomond, aud the wildly beautiful scenery of Trossschs we to be visited, and Lochs Lom ond and Kterine ; and after making the round of the wildest and grandest of Scottish scenery the four will terminate with Bun fermltne Abbey, where the Bruce sleeps, and many of the Royal family of Scotland from Malcolm Cranmore down to James VI. The pictures will be shown with the' newest and most improved mode of illumination, and will be an intellectual and artistic treat to everyone who will join the patty and make the tour. 