SATURDAY'S INVASION. Witli the Troops at the Heads. A sham-fight, in which hoth iufantry and artillery participated, was held tit the Heads on Saturday afternoon, the idea boing to tiring the two branches of the defence into concerted action, and to nut thein through. as it were, a rehearsal of what would bo expected should tho soulless invader over attempt tho suicidal notion of swooping down on this snjiling settlement. The plan of battle, briclly, was that a liostilo naval force, despatched by Bulgaria, or Hawaii, or San Marino, or someothercountry, was off the Heads. The military authorities of this colony having got wind of tho enemy's ap proach, had sent nut fast cruisers as scouts to report upon the advance of the squadron. For the defence the Permanent Artillery, tho Volunteer or Partially- paid Artillery, 1 tho two Metropolitan or 1st anil 2nd Regi ments of Volunteer Infantry, iindthoI'.P. Submarine Miners, to the number of nearly 1500, were distributed at Middle Head, South Head, George's Head, and along the shores of the harbor north and south; and nt Botany or Bare Island. Under these conditions n s iltry reception for the visitor was assnt ed. Tho troops got down to the scene of action early in the morning, tho rain drizzling the while. The work of distributing tho defences over the various points that were likely to be niade tho object of attack was then undertaken, and by I o'clock everything was ready for the mill. Lunch over, con sultation was held by officers commanding as to whether any single point had been left unprotected, a sharp look-out being kept for the enemy all the time. At'iast a boom from one of the Watson's Bay guns told that the steamer. Princess, which represented the attacking force, with Colonel Spalding and his staff aboard, was within range. The commanding oflieer's idea in going on the steamer was to practically test the defences of the port from the outside, and to sco whether a lauding was possible. Ho must have been thoroughly satisfied to the con trary, for, having been metaphorically smashed into finer sausage-meat by t he big fellows on Middle and South Heads, lie starboarded his helm, and stood in, taking another salvo for luck from Middle, South and George's Heads. With some idea of effecting!: lamb ing inside Watson's Bay bight the steamer was iieaded thither, when " or-r-r-rack" the rattle of hundreds ot rifle3 concealed iu masked batteries all along the foreshores brought him up with u round turn, and he decided to try tho northern shore. Here he wnc met with an ugly growl from the 18-tonners in the casemates, and another crash of small arms in the bush. Asa hist resource he tried Middle Harbor, but the infantry authorities had seen to their business too well, and being met full in the fuoq witli a withering chorus of rifle shots, the enemy, so to speak, threw up the sponge and capitulated honorably. Colonel Spald ing was in full command of tho forces, and he had with him as Btaff lieutenant— Colonel Mackenzie, A.A.G., Captain Savage, l'.A., Major Churchward, P. A., Captain Bouverie, Colonel Wells, R.A., and Lieutenant Con nor, N. A. V. Major Murray, l'.A., was in charge at South Head and Major Lassettcr was witli tho infantry at Middle Head. At Bear Island a capital plan of defence was carried out under the com- inund of Major Baynes, P.A., every pre caution having been taken both by tho ar tillery in tho forts and tho infantry posted along tho shores of tho bay. An imaginary attack was planned whilst tho guns at Syd ney Heads were booming and roaring in harsh defiance, the 80-pounders and 9 and 10-inohers at Botany wero pounding away for all they were worth, the infantry mean while making ghosts of the enemy by thousands. When the engagement was concluded at tho Sydney Heads, targets already moored off were made tho objects of big-gun and Nordnnfeldt firing. The shooting wo should say has never been excelled by our artillery, for it was admir able from every direction, and the first shot the No. 2 25-tonncr from Middle Ilcud sent struck the water so close to tho 3,200yd. target that cask, flag and all were submerged for somo moments and evcryono thought that tho shot hud splintered barrel and staff, bus she rose again, and as she did so No. 1 gun, commanded by Captain Phillips, sent along another " for luck," as the boys said, and so true was the aim that the staff was out short off at the cask, and die shooting was pretty well settled. As tho barrel still bobbed up and down, however, the firing was kept up, some of the " live " shells from the South Head batteries bursting in splendid position just above the mark, and lushing the water into foam vyith its hundreds of bullets. Tho new hydro-pneumatic guns worked splendidly, although they don't seem to fall into position at the recoil as completely as might be. Kxccllcnt work was done with tho fivo-barrol and single-barrel Nordenfcldts, both at Middle and South Head, until about a quaitor past 4, when tho " ccaso firing " rang out, and a start homewards was inado. Only a couple of trifling accidents occurred. Sergeant- Major Goldsbrough, at George's Head, was kicked in tho leg by a horse, and sustained a fracture of a small bone in the leg, and Quartermaster-Sergeant Dwye.r, stationed at the 25-tonners at Middle Head, was wounded in the head and finger- by a piece of copper from a projectile. Both sufferers were im mediately attended to by the surgeona of the Medical Staff Corps who were present under Brigade Surgeon Williams. 