k" ClTtSTKOPnr. AT THE * -??; casiso./'-.- ,. ?-??.: ?.:??': BXSATiuii n."Ui:sRn,; NoVlong after ibo Oaalno oi the Central p*rW w?? fl"? thrown opUn to the pubho, fbret pVr?or)8>ee.>Uirly Lvlt tea Jte rtlreah nTentsBloone. who were oot long la oxoUtng fltaorvation.bytbelrremarkable opndoot. - 'They never *poka a syllable, either to each nther or anyone else j evon their order being : given to the waiter upon a clip of. paper by ""?They were certainly not deaf, because tho waiter's spoken annbunoement of the ex cuse incurred was always inetantly as tented to by a general bow of tbo bead, and ~,10 immediate production of tbo money c"s. i/inandad. .-'"'.. I*. . j r It dumb, they usod no signs of the hands, -or otherwise, ?? to eommuuioate with each other. Their demeauor waa invariably ot the deepest gloom. .'.- -The looka wbioh they L oeoasionaly east at eaoh other bore no traces of affection, nothing of the glow of friendship but were stony and ould, aa with mutual re ?enlinent and repulsion. ;,'.' . !- They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though consisting of the most deliaxteind tempting viande, but devoured ''it with the meehaploal coldness of phantoms or annuls. All were olotbod in the deepest, -riebost black. Tbo faoea of all were utterly devoid ot color ; that of .the lady was vary oretty, though she was no longer young, and 'possessed of. a figure inclined to tmien- Qt course tho appearance of thia singular trio regularly ones or twioo a wcok through ?o entire [season, at euch a fashionable retort, oould not fail to command curiosity irid'atfen'tion. They oame to bo known among tho clerks and oiher attendants aa tho three ghoula of abflCasino, 1 and many wero tbo (.peculations as to who tbey were, and what was tbo meaning of their Bingular demeanor. trtJn tho meantime, however, tho ailcnt strongora grow gloomier and moro ghoul-like at every visit: and the dull cold glare of ro aentraen't in tho oyca of eaoh appeared to daily iriereaso in intjnsity of hate. At la?t thoro aamea catastrophe. It waa 53.-16v?iy''< afternoon;' and tho Caaino waa thronged; y. And then Ibo three Btraugora began to/adopt a ino?t novel mode of lsn. guage. HA-' ? .' " ' ' - : , . .. They bagan; to bi?a at eaoh other aa if postered by~a rhullitudo of poisonous ser pents. Thoir eypa biased, Jike boailiaka; their teelh'glitt'ercd through their shrunken liui, ondntill theyhiesod and hissed with the fury ot Beads.; ~-.,_,...:, Tney were'' instantly 'snrroundod by a wondering orowd.TnomtcrH of which could net iorbcar exclaiming;".': Shame l.shama I" at sucli'anUnnatural exhibition ol atrpoa tinej-piteand malevolence. - - Bat tho-three' beings thus unfortunately poaiessed'only-hissed ,tho louder, and a: comp'anl'efl thoir 'sibllatk-no by Dcrco and threatening gesticulation. The lady' appeared moro furioua than either of her companions. She biased away like * a pythoness, and bor face, usually so osdavcroua in bus, glowed like tbo illumi nated riud of a " Jack o'-Inutcrn. ".Is she mad?" "Are thoy all crazy?'" "Hand for an officer I" and aitnil?r ejacula tions fell from tho Hpo of the wondering and horrified apeotatora j but without any effect upon the snake-filled atraogera. At last the men worked tuemsolvca into a fiendish rage, and sprang to their foot. .. Ono of them drew a knife, And before he eeuld'be provcatcd, thrust 11 into Ihe bbaom ol bis opponent. A ory of horror rang through the aoloon ;' but this waa changed to ono of wonder' at the conuuolof the wounded man. 110 einiply drew his coot over tho bilt ot the dagger, whioh still remained quivering in his breast, buret into a low, sardonic laugh, and strode from the iiuilling aa if lie wero unhurt. But, before he departed, the only words that had ever been hoard to proceed from the myatoiroua irio full from hia lips..-, " Fiends !?' ho hisacd; ''by the aerpent-. spell that governs us all, I will yet haunt ye liutb 1 l'arowcll 1 Ye may have destroyed my body, but tbo cobra-spirit in my uaturn will follow you on, .nnd poiuon yo for ever 1" - ? . lie vanished, and those who followed bim to the door instantly lost sight ot him, aa though be had melted into thin air. A storm ot triumphant hisses from the remaining pair was their only reply, to the imprecation of their defeated fellow rand then thoy resumed some-wine they had boon diseasing, and became aseombre and silent as ever. . ~.,-.; —.- ~-..'. .- -.:-. -.'?!'. ~ ~~4 "Seize tbo murderer I ltun for a police man 1" cried the now thoroughly excited crowd, gathering around with threatening gestures, wbiob, however, had no effest upon the pair. A policeman was summoned.-. lie happened to be of the ultra-phlegmatic and matter-of fact variety, who are in the habit of taking everything easily. J Alter bearing the story of the desperate stabbing, and the sudden evaporation ot the murdered man, be regarded the romaining.' roan and woman with considerable non clulance, and remarked: ? ? . .. " Looka to mc like a regular bilk. Murdered men don't slope out of sight with koivas sticking iv their hearts. No need of _ a low ab.int nothing.'' : -' - , V :* II * walked leisurely oft, muoh to the.dts satisfaction of the crowd; and tho silent man, with hia silent partner, ooolly. finished their, wino, paid for' it, and departed for their carriage, as had boon their custom. Those whj ..witnessed' their, departure sretred that from.the depths of the myster ious coach there was heard tois?ue low and ] multitudinous hisainga, aa from a whole neat ol wrangling serpents.,-...- ?—?" ?? As the gontlomon and lady continued their regular visits to the Casino, the abaenes of their whilom companion confirmed many in the con.iutiun that the murder had been ' no sham, but an actual, and frightful tragedy ; and the pair wero'regarded with growing eufpiaioa and dread.'' ''."??,' ' "?[:' , Ono-day, when thoy' woro sitting at the ?ble they usually oocupiod—us far apart fioiu the rest as posaibls—a Buildeu resump- ! lion ii tho biasing sounds instantly rivettod 1 upon-them the nioatinten?C. and anxious sciutiny. ?? ....... , ?] Hat .this . tiniu the hisses wero neither' fhrcc uor lnud. They wero low, tremulous, aotl hesitating, aa of snakes in terror and pniir. The man and tbo woman drew to litilitr, ahivaringly, aa it otriokon by sudden suiitioliey wind, and glanced at the open door.-with oxpeotahthorror uf>on thoiroorpas bkofaeea. Alleyea wero turned in tbo aamo dircotiou and so breathlc?3 was the ausponaa tbat a p.n might buvo been heard to drop. The ghost ot tho murdered man glided into the light of tho spacious doorway, and-stood' motionless tat an instant, giving uttoranca simply to a low, Bardonio Bibilotion, whioh cordled tbo blood of all who heard, and Closed tbo guilty couple to oowor aud shud der in object horror. The ghost waa attired proeiaely aa when last beheld in the aaloon, muoh after the manner of Dion Bouoioault'a " I'hantom," say "Hia waiat vraa bound with his waist-bond round, S'" {""{"'shed atove-pipe gleamed on high. Mil hia breast was bare, with the red wounds there, And dark was the glare othis glassy eye." The dagger remained planted in his breast.': uo pointed to it with a movoloao anger, and I then glided forward without a sound. The ladies were tpo muoh friahtnned to scrcasa,-, -=..a*i,ca portootty whiti with terror. The waiters blanched to tho color ot their aprons. SiLdi -"H'J'y ""l" 10 P'eaonted tho most pitiable sight. They aolually wilted berieatb i.^ r ' % j cnsmi! h? ?dB whioh the phantom ex lendcd menao.ngly above them. mn,„ I , ftu mi ebt have reached ? even a more r ha,tly extremity bkd not a personage " thw moment strolled in. for:.whom the j au ? erna:ural, or its imiutions, had but , otlleer to " 0 "' _ 1?hi ", : wa ! th ? phlegmatioi ! rem,Tv b .V* * h V tomfoolery i? ha blandly' hiTA , : "' tha "" m ? timo giving . the aaUp nn the bank which inVr."i"''' ; , nt b " i " ,! "' ni,D ia 'betwinkl- Tl!0 '""" of nipootio phlegm then plucked ? the dagger from the phantom'? brcaat; ana sent iriai reiliiig back from a pneen in the ribs-svith liUstnlivatt elbow. . ?%: .." Now, blctd to death,': if you will!" he exeJmmtd," with .<ava>;c c(ucltyi> ? You see, Udiee ond gentlemen, , ,'he contintjed,4ioldlog up tho .murderoua poinard, and work ing' it .with hialianda; "didn't I tell you Iron it wn? all a.bilt. "-This is atrick Ua H gor, whbao I blade runs into tho hilt, and that vagabond waa never hurt a bit." A cry of rage burst from the crowd who had bouneo egregiously sold," and a move moht was mado toward tho ''phantom" and his f tiends, the latter of whom had arisen and begin to hiss anew. '_'No more ot that!" ericd tbaolUcer, swinging his club, angrily. " Speak out, or come fo the lockup I" They understood hia gesture, if not his words; and ihune injbierious and thoughtless ones began to npeak French at a rats that would hnvc alarmed an army ol Hermans. "Who understands their lingo ?" roared tbe ofllser, clapping hia haudu to hia caru. A ; little dappar (jeullnman, pale with .trepidation, oaaia forward and explained, in broken Englibh, that hs wae the ajjeut t f tho gentleman and lady, who wore French mountobaulis (renowned nrti&ti;', ha called them), whom ho had brought aver to thia country. Vending thoir appearance at n aertain Bowery establishment, he h.id adopted this innocent uiodo of enhancing their importanco, iutcnuini; to niuko a regular newiipapcr expoeo thortly boforo their legitimate appearance, and thue iusure over wholeuiiif houeca. Thitj exi)!nnation was mado under such ludicrous terror, that, tho i;ood humor of tho majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and the discomfited acrobat? and sword swallowc-rD, with thoir liltlo agent, wero Buffered to depart unmolested ; but there woru lunny who remembered, with no degree of satisfaction, how completely they bad beon " sold " iv tho Casino. 