[continued from saturdays issue.j [all rights reserved. BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TRAGIC STORf OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. • BY JOSEPH 1IATTON, - ■ Author of " Cruel London," " The Three Recedits," " John Needhall," etc. PART in. CHAPTER XIV. Exit PaiLir Forsyth : Enter Sam Swyx ford. " The sooner we leave Venice the better," said Mrs. Milbanke to her devoted and genial partner. " Whether Mr. Forsyth remains or not is of no moment to us : wo have done with Philip Forsyth for ever, and I think we are well out of him." "I suppose so," said Walter, lighting a cigar, and looking contemplatively across the lagoon. " I'm not sure, my dear." " I think I am." ' 'It is all very sudden and very different from what we arranged." "It is," said Jenny, taking a seat by his | side and casting her eyes in the same direc tion, but speaking as if she were addressing an imaginary Walter somewhere in the neigh bourhood of the Lido. They were sitting in the open balcony un der a pleasant awning, the sun dancing upon the water beneath them. A few decorated boats and gondolas were lazily passing to and fro, and there was a great air of calm and repose in the atmosphere, which was in pleasant contrast with the recent bustle and excitement of the Royal fetes. The King and Queen had left amidst salvoes of artillery and braying of trumpets, and whether the Countess Stravensky had followed in their wake or preceded them, was an open question upon which Walter could not satisfy his en quiring spouse. The mysterious disappear ance of General Petronovitch was the talk of Venice, and it was half hinted on all hands that lie had gone away to keep seme mys terious rendezvous with the Countess. His wife, the Princess Radna, still remained in Venice, but the courteous manager of the hotel had informed Mrs. Milbanke that her Highness had given instructions to her people for their return to Paris on the mocsow. Walter and Jenny had discussed these in cidents of fact and gossip over breakfast, but without being moved by them very much either one way or the other, their immediate interest in life at the moment being concen trated upon Dolly and Sam Swynford. Wal ter was enjoying his after-breakfast cigar, and endeavouring to lay out his plans for the remainder of their Italian trip. "You see," he continued, still looking across the lagoon and trying to blow a cloud of smoke after his thoughts. "I had made my arrangements for a stay of at least a month here in Venice ; and indeed have taken these rooms for that time." "I know," said Jenny, "but Dolly's plans were of a much more serious character than that. She had sotted, not for a month, but for life." "And iier scheme still holds good," said Walter, smiling, " only that she has changed her travelling companion." " Well, and so have we," said Jenny, en deavouring to drop into Walter's semi- philo sophic vein ; " only that our trip is a summer holiday." " You think she loves Swynford ?" "I'm sure she does,' said Jenny, "and has loved him all the time, even when she ac cepted Mr. Philip Forsyth." " Then why did she accept him" asked Walter. " Now, my dear," said Jenny, with the faintest suspicion of irritability, " don't let us go over that again. I am quite willing to assume my share of the blame of it, all the blame, if necessary ; but I thought we lui,d concluded our little controversy on that point last night. I'm sure I never slept a wink, what with your reiteration of the salient points, as you called them, and my thinking of them over and over again, after wards. For heaven' sake let us say no moro about responsibilities. Blame me, if you like, entirely." " My dear," said Walter, taking her hand affectionately, still gazing out across the lagoon, "we are both to blame." " Very well, then," replied Jenny, "there is an end of it. We have done the right thing at last." "You really think so?' said Walter. " I am sure so," she replied. " Mr. Philip Forsyth thought more of his art than of Dolly, and finally more of that intriguing Countess than of either his art or Dolly." " Has the Countess really left Venice?" asked Walter. " No doubt of it," Jenny replied ; " and Philip has not been seen in this hotel for the last two days." " You know that his luggage is still here," said Walter. " Part of it—part of it," said Jenny, with some irritation. " It seems he took away his large portmanteau, and I am quite sure the porter has some secret understanding about forwarding the rest after him." " It is all very strange," said Walter. "If he had said ' good-bye'—left a note—sent a telegram—done anything that we might have acted upon, our position would have been so much more satisfactory." ■" His conduct," said .Jpjiny, "is all the more scandalous. It is evident to ro.e that there was a rivalry between this wretched General Petronovitah and Philip, a rivalry which we shall hear more of. The Princess Iladna, I am told, intends to obtain a divorce ; she will lay her case before the Czar himself." " Does it strike you at all," asked Walter, for the first time turning towards his wife and neglecting his cigarette, " that this General Petronovitch may have met with foul play ?" "No; why should it? This is not ancient Venice. What foul play could possibly happen to him, except the foul play that is evidently part of his character; the foul play of a reprobate ?" " And Philip ?" continued Walter, inter rogatively j " you ore quite satisfied in your own mind that he is under no restraint, that he left us voluntarily, and is away for his own wicked purposes?" " I only know," Jenny replied, " that his conduct at the Countess's reception was shameful; that his manner towards the hostess was that of a weak fool under the fas cinations of a designing woman ; that his withdrawal from our society the next day,and his appearance with the Countess Stravensky in her ostentatious gondola, ape a sufficient justification of what we have thought desir able in the interest of Dolly. *' " But you didn't see him, my dear, in the gondola." "Beppodid," she replied, "and Beppo saw the boat turn into the little canal, which has a side entrance into the palace where she gave her very mispd and Bohemian reception." " You thought differently of the reeep tion, my dear, when she invited us, and were (tppijjendously impressed with it until——" "Philip made a fool of himself," ex claimed Jenny, interrupting her" argumen tative lord; "and why you will go on repeating all this, and come back to it- as if we were discussing it now for the first time, and had not sat up half the night similarly engaged, I cannot, for fchp life of me, under stand. Philip deserted us, and practically threw over Dolly ; we shall not admit this outside our own little family circle, but that is the fact. Dolly was shamefully jilted. We only say that, I repeat, to ourselves. Sam Swynford comes upon the scene ; proposes for Doliy, as Jie had intended to do some weeks ago; is accepted ; Dolly is happy ; Swynford is a good fellow, and hp is happy ; and what in heaven is the matter with yoa, Walter?" " How came Swynford here at all ? It is that which puzzles me," said Walter. "If you hs4 been perfectly frank with me, I don't suppose jv'.e should have had these discussions. You ave keeping something back." Again he turned his face interrogatively upon Jenny. She pressed his hand and rose to her feet. "You are always in such a hurry, Walter. I should have told you all in good time ; and I am sure you will now forgive me if you compel me to confess bofope I meant to. The telegram I sent to my dressmaker y/as not to my dressmaker at all ; it was a private pjessage to Sam Swynford, inspired thereto by our conversation at Lady For syth's, and suggested to him that lio should come to Venice. * "I thought so, said Walter J! fey-ft" 0 " If jou thought so, why didn't you. say so : it would have spared us so much irrit ation." " I am not irritated," said Walter, i " and you know I would spare your feel ings in every possible way; your subter fuge about the dressmaker was unworthy ; . and it was unkind also to keep me ,in the dark." "I feel it was,dear; I know it was.' I con fess it. I apologise: my only excuse ia that I Dolly was with us when I told the little fib about the message; I could hot, of course, ] take her into my confidence; as for, you dear, I humbly ask your forgiveness." ! She flung her arms round her lawful critic, deposited her head upon hi3 shoulder, and Walter gave her what he considered to be a triumphant kiss. " Now then,'' he Baid cheerfully, " that's all right. I forgive you; we understand each other. I have no doubt you did the right thing; I have no doubt Dolly has'ddne the right thing; I am sure Sam Swynford has; and I am quite sure that Philip Forsyth has behaved shamefully." " Walter, you are a darling 1" exclaimed his wife, returning his kiss. " And now, what aro your plans ?" " To get out of Venice at onee, aa you pro posed," said Walter; and, as he said so, they i both, by a mutual impulse left the balcony j as if to pack; but they were both attracted by the entrance of the manager of the hotel. " A letter," he said, " very- urgent, for Mr. Milbanke." , Walter opened it. I was from Philip Forsyth—only a few,lines;— "Forgive me. Accept my abject regreta and apologies. Dolly will easily forgive me. I am utterly unworthy of her and of your friendship. Tell her so. We shalLprobably never meet again. I have left Venice on a long journey. My conduct on fchd night of the Countess Stravensky's reception may ex plain my change of plans and life. I feel it due to you to say this. No one need be alarmed as to my safety. I have /written to j my mother. If ever you and yours think of j me again, remember me when" most I seemed entitled to your respect and esteem.. " Philip Pobsyth." "Thank you," said Walter, turning to the manager. " There is no answer." i " The messenger did not wait," said the | manager. "You have-instructions to forward on the remainder of Mr. Forsyth's baggage ?" "Yes sir; it goes to Paris." - "I am sorry," said Walter, <ito tell you that this has broken up our little party. We i shall leave to-morrow for the lakes and Switzerland; but we are very much indebted : to you for your kindness and attention. We ] shall pay for our rooms until the end of the term for which I engaged them, and we shall hope to return next spring for a long stay in Venice. Any loss that you may have sus tained by our monopoly of the hotel during the fetes I shall discharge with pleasure." "Monsieur is most generous," said the manager. " I hold myself at your'command." With which the courteous host withdrew,and Walter and his wife returned to the. eubject in hand. "That letter, my dear," taid Jenny, "is our justification." " Yes," said Walter, " it relieves my mind very considerably. I should have felt troubled about leaving Venice without hav ing something definite from Forsyth. Now all wc have to do is to try and forget'the dis j agreeable part of oar journey; to look upon what has happened as all for the best, and continue our holiday in a cheerful spirit." "We never, my dear Walter, were more unanimous upon any subject. Where do you propose to go ?" " t think we might spend a few days at I Verona, a week or two at Belaggio, and then travel quietly through Switzerland and homo by Paris." - " Delightful," said Jenny, aB Dolly and Sam Swynford entered the room. " Don't j you think so 1" she said, addressing Dolly and her new fiance. " The morning," said Dolly,-" or what \ Venice is certainly lovely. Sam has given me an ice at Florian's, and I- have been j feeding the pigeons." ... " For sixty seconds," said Sam cheerily, " I was afraid the pigeons were going to ; feed on Dolly. She was literally in a oloud of feathers. I had positively to rescue I her." " Not the first rescue," said Dolly, with | a frank, affectionate expression in her j dancing eyes that comprehended the whole ; group. " Your sister," said Sam, " is a trifle mys terious or mischievous—don't know which ; i both perhaps. She has been Saying that all the way here, and yet I'm sure the ice was harmless enough. If it had been punch 'a la Roniaine'—well, there, I'll say no more j about it, except between our four selves that this is the happiest moment' of my life." " There !" said Dolly, "and you've said that before." , "And on many occasions," said Jenny merrily, "Walter always says it when he makes a speech." " Come to think of it," said Sam, "you are possibly right. Don't remember that I ever made more than two or three speeches in my life, and I believe I have always rung in that convenient expression. - But *1 hope that doesn't take away from its point to-day. If I had wings like those pigeons, I think I should j ustsoar right up into the blue sky and come tumbling down again in very fun, just as one of the fluffiest of them did after he i made-the the acquaintance of Dolly." " I daresay," said Walter. 11 Have a cigar?" "I'll have anything you like, my dear j boy." " Dolly," said Walter, ai she stood there beaming upon him, " sit down, and don't look so miserable. If you have any little purchases to make, take a little rest and go out and make them ; we leive Venice to morrow." "Leave Venice!" exclaimed-Swynford, looking at Dolly. , "Leave Venice !" said Dolly, looking at Jenny. "We are tired of Venice," said Jenny. "But we are not going home ; don't be afraid. What do you say to the Lake of Como, Sam ?" " The Lake of Como," replied Swypford, "where the marble palace lifts its something to eternal summer and blushes forth in the'midst of roses, or what is it I'm not good at poetical quotation." " Quite good enough," said . Walter "Thais the place." " And a little cottage in a shabby village when we get there ?" said Swynford. " By no means," said Walter. " It was so in the play, you know," said Swynford. turning to Dolly. "This is not a play," * rejoined Walter, "and we don't want any of your comedy dialogue, Sam ; only a little of your common sense." "All right," said Sam. "Proceed: all my common sense is at your disposal. Not got much of it, but such as it is and all I hav( pray command me." fl Do you propose to give us the pleasure of your company ?" fi.sjced Walter. "I propose to givo myself the ple-stsijro of your company." " For how long ?" asked Walter. " Until you're tired of me ; and as regards Dolly, even a little longer.". " You talked this morning of Bending to London for some luggage." " I have sent for my Sunday clothes," said Sam, laughing. "To this address ?" "To the Hotel Milano.' "l)o you think they are on their way by this?" "Ihope so." "Very well, then ; you can "give instruc tions at the Hotel Belaggio." " Consider it done, my dear Walter," said Sam. "I am going up to the station now." said Walter, "to arrange for a saloon carriage to j Verona." "" ' ' " Will Dolly come," said Swynford, "and Mrs. Milbanke V "They had better rest a little," said Walter. " We will come back, and Ipropose that later we spend an hour in- St. Mark's. Thero ave so)yie little things Jenny would like to buy, and then we will gp pyer tq the Lido and dino." " You had better place yourself entirely in Walter's hands," said Jenny to Sam. " Most happy," said Sam. "Walter, give the word ; I am with you." CHAPTER XV. Modern Lovers jh Ajtjcijj»jT Verona. There is probably no moro'lptereating, city in all Italy than Verona, where Shake- I speare's "Two Gentlemen" took their walks | abroad, and Romeo and Juliet lived, loved and died. Whether the tomb they show you is Juliet's or not, the town is that of the Capulets and the Montagues, and the air pulsates with romantic possibilities. To begin with, the place is delightfully situated on a rapid river; it is within the mighty shadows of the Alps; it has a Roman amphitheatre, more complete and beautiful than the Colosseum at Rome ; it is a city of palaces and balconies, of frescoed houses, and narrow, picturesque streets. Standing in" the' Piazza del Signori, you feel that not only is that story of Romeo and Juliet possible, but true. At night, meeting there two ' or three groups of noisy young citizens coming home from some local festi val, you may feel assured they will bite their thumbs at each other. > English travellers bound to Milan, on the one hand, or to Venice on the other, rarely make Verona more than a resting-alace for the night; but it is yell worth the Bojourn of a week. Your hotel is oue ef the fine old Scaligeri palaces. It was the Saturday market on one of the days of the Milbankes' stay there, and they fouud the courtyard of the Palace of the Capulets full of market- carts and tethered horses : the adjacent and surrounding build ings evidently humble lodging-houses, but even these had balconies, and were artistic in decay, Murray says there are more balconies in Verona than in any other city of Italy. Walter was very happy in his pleasant allu sions to modern jRomeos and Juliets and to those who flirted in the balconies of old. Sam was delighted at any reference to his engagement with Dolly, who had some little difficulty now and then in restraining what Jenny had informed her was a too-jubilant view of her position. ■ " The fact is, my dear," said Dolly to Jenny, "Ifeel''tis if I had had an awful escape. If I had been rescued from a fire or Bhipwreck, and had gob well over it; or, to1 be more prosaic, had been very ill in crossing from Calais to Dover, had quite recovered and had a good dinner, I couldn't have; felt more contented than I do now." " But you mustn't let Sam see it." "Why not ?" said Dolly. "He is under the impression that I gave up Phillip, not Phillip me, and I really don't care whether he knows the entire truth or not. I have told him I am very happy, that even when I seemed to hold him at a dis tance! always loved him. ?ou know, dear, you gave me a lot of advice before about Philip. Don't you think it would be just as well to let me alone now to go ray own way 1" "Well, perhaps—perhaps,"said Jenny. "I own I was not very wise about the Forsyth business. But what is this 1 Why, this is the market-place. Walter, is not this the market-place ?" "Yes, dear," said Walter. |" Don't you remember we saw a picture of it in the Walker Gallery at Manchester V " No," said Jenny, "I never saw a picture half so beautiful anywhere." And the present chronicler is almost inclined to agree with this admiring exclamation. Imagine the market-place at Nottingham or Yarmouth, the houses tall, some frescoed, one a palace, all with balconies ; at the north end a pillar bearing aloft the marble effigy ot the lion of St. Mark ; on the south a temple ; in the centre an ancient fountain wjth a statue of the Virgin. Above this imagine a blue, far away sky; and on the floor of the market numberless stalls, protected by great white umbrellas; at the base of St. Mark's pillar a group of Italian men and women from the country, looking exactly like a peasant chorus out of a grand opera, so much so that you expect them every now and then to burst forth into song. Then imagine the market itself full of vegetables and flowers, and cattle and poultry, mostly presided over by Italian women, with handkerchiefs about their heads (and occasionally a mantilla) not unlike the head-dress of Manchester factory girls; and all round the market busy shops; whenever you get a peep out of the square down some side street you catch glimpses of the facades, ancient palaces or narrow gabled thoroughfares. Add to all this Italian soldiers, policemen (in tall hats, with silver-tipped walking-sticks), priests in Bolemn costume, wrinkled old men, with equally wrinkled umbrellas, blue-eyed Italian girls, and stately housewives market ing. If you can put all this together in any kind of shape you may form some idea of the Verona market. Among the cries of the miscellaneous vendors of goods and hawkers of minor articles of trade, "quatro chinka, chinka, chinka," "stivola," "pollastro" seemed con tinually in oral evidence, the "chinka, chinka," of an old lady (like the grandmother of one of Ouida's peasant heroines, of a Rtrange and antique mould) rising calmly above the rest. She sold four and five pieces of fish for a penny. Her competitors dealt in boots and shoes, chickens, cheese, crockery, flowers—what indeed, did they not sell 1 And this fine old market of white um brellas, with the sun playing all kinds of fantastic tricks with its various wares, was the Forum in olden days. The building we spoke of as a Temple we find was the Tri bune, " to which the newly-elected Capitano del Popolo of the Free City, after having heard Mas3 at the Cathedral, was conducted, and in which, after he had addressed the people, he was invested with the insignia of office." In after times the sentences of con demned criminals were pronounced from this Tribune. Proclamations Tfere piade from it, and debtors were here competed tp submit to a humiliating punishment. In all bright scenes, however sunny, the shadow always comes. As they left the market, they met the pri son van on its way to the local Newgate ; but even this conveyance had a gay appear ance. The officers in charge, in new cocked hats and bright swords, were chatting with the driver, a peasant, who was calmly Making a cigarette. Beggary does not excite yow sympathy as does it in London. Tho Italian mendicant i? dirty, perhaps; un affectedly lazy, but he looks warm in his rags. There ia a terrible reality about most of the London beggars ; and the professionals whom Mr. Ribton- Turner, in his book on Vagrancy, has immortalised, can " assume a wretchedness" so keenly that they compel your pity. Nevertheless no Verbria begjji\r piade au unavailing appeal to Sum Swyrord during this happy time at Verona ; and full of his romantic suooess with Dolly and the realisation of his dearest hopes, the poetic city now and then seemed to stimu late Sam into unexpected flashes of intellec tuality. On the last night of their visit to Verona, the Milbauke party were favoured with special permission to visit, by moonlight, the arena where the Christian martyrs ■\vere driven from their prisons ppp <\piong the wild beasts, to audienoes of captains, senators, ladies, priests, and the populaoe. He would have been indeed insensible to poetry or human sympathy who could have seen the moonbeams fallinc; upon the marble seats and the broken arches without a pitying sigh for the past, and a grateful reflection upon the privileges of liberty and toleration in the present. Sam Swynford felt, as they wan dered through a great solemn place, a strong inspiration of protection towards Dolly, which sj)P ygpjprpp;ite$ jn a jjiore or less comfortable nestle iinfipr flip F!Hg, or to put it without motaphor, under the strong arm of her prosperous young London lover. When ']iey lyere most inclined to linger over sentimental reflections about the scenes in the arena, Walter Milbanke was busy with thoughts of his final show, which was, the Tomb of Juliet in the moonlight. "Not," he said, as he led the way with the guide to the carriage which awaited them at the en trance of the Colosseum, " Juliet's Tomb as ordinary visitors gee it, but fijl to ont'tjojves with this glorious moon," Driving through tho pleasant streets, and saluted here and there by the music of evi dently social evenings which gave occasional light and merriment to sundry houses en route, they presently cape to a quieter p;>rt of'Verona, lighted only by the groat white moon. They approached the pleasant corner selected for Juliet's apocryphal tomb through an old-fashioned garden, with patches of green turf and blooming giilitlowers, rows of peas in blossom that rivalled tho white Marguerite daisies in the moonlight, and a rich perfume fropi beans ifi flower and the scent of jnany herns. It was ft'roixfjd garden ot the English kind, that gppmed unconsciously to lend itself to the Juliet illusion of the English poet. Even Walter was subdued by its un ostentatious beauty, and the little party followed tho old lady who opened the garden gate upon the narrow way that led to the Ejj.-e£vt sfconp poffin whip]}, aa ft matter of sp£ti; meiit arid imagination,'the world' is willing to accept ob {v relic of the Shakespevean story, It was somewhat out of keeping with the romance of the scene to find the great stone sarcophagus lulf-full of visiting cards, the prosaic character of which was not quite redeemed by the one or two faded wreaths that hung about the tomb. But it was all, nevertheless, very lovely and impressive in the moonlight and without the presence .of other sightseers; and the Milbankes,with their newly-engaged companions, drove . fcQ their hotel, being generally' more or less under the impression that they possessed' a far higher and poetic appreciation of the beautiful than any of them had imagined. That same silvery moon, however—which seemed to look down with especial approval upon Yerona—cast only fitful and furtive beams upon a weird ghost- like figure that appeared to a party of Venetian fishermen sailing' their picturesque vessel through the water-gateway ' of the Adriatic into the shimmering lagoons of the Cifcy-in-the Sea. '{Tobe Continued.) 