MABYOLATEY. It may be proper to notice the grounds upon which the Church of Bome main tains the propriety of offering service and addressing prayers to the Virgin Mary. The chief reason assigned for this idolatry is, Mary s near relation to Christ as His mother. But they add many other reasons, such as the following: That -she was bom free from original sin, imma culate ; that she was the special favorite of the Almighty in being chosen to be the mother of the Son of God ; that she was declared to be full of grace and the Holy Ghost in bearing and bringing forth the child Jesus, which grace was necessarily augumented in her life-long companion ship with her divine Son, and that "all nations shall call her blessed." But admitting all this, still Mary, the honored mother of our Lord, was only a creature — albeit pure and holy in her character, beautiful in her person and lovely in her exalted life ; still Mary was not a divinity, and hence was not, and never could be, entitled to the honour and service which are due to God only. The commandment, " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve," excludes all creatures, how exalted soever they be, from any and all forms and degrees of divine worship. Yet the very things here forbidden are those enjoined by Bome in making for her peo ple, the Virgin Marj, saints and angels, what the heathen gods were to th© Greeks and Bomaus. Now, if it had been the purpose of God to grant an apotheosis to elevate Mary to the rank and state of a divinity, and so to be worthy of divine honors, assuredly her Son Christ would have known all about it. And then we would naturally expect that in His intercourse with His goddess- mother He would always hear Himself with a becoming reverence and considera tion in order to promote the divine purpose and to recommend to His disciples the practice of Mariolatry — that, if at any time. He should appear to be unmindful of them, or seem to be unwilling to grant their request, they might just go to His more gracious mother and it would be all right. But, alas I we look in vain throughout the Gospel narrative tor such maternal reverence, or any hint of the superior availability of His mother, as the patroness of the suffering. On the con trary, His gracious invitation is : " pome unto Me and He declares " All power, is given unto Me in heaven and .earth." " Lo ! I am with you always." And although it is recorded that Jesus in early life " was subject " unto His mother and her husband Joseph, yet during His whole public ministry His bea,ring towards His mother was upon every occasion such as to convey the idea that He was not under the influence of maternal authority (John ii. 4), that His " mother and His brethren " were thus related to Him only as those " who did the will of His Father in heaven " (Matt, xii. 46-50). And finally, in te'nMer regard for her in her great sorrow at the cross, knowing her destitution and dependence. ne graciously coramenuea ner to tne kind protection of the beloved disciple (John xix. 26, 27). Now all this is sadly inconsistent with the Bomanist idea of Mary's abundant ability as " Queen of Heaven" to compassionate and relieve the poor and the distressed. 4\. Since about the beginning of the sixth century, when the worship of Mary and of the saints was introduced into the Litanies, the practice of saint- worship has been universally popular wherever Bome has planted her idola trous system ; while the adoration of Mary as the " Mother oT God " has be come an intense passion with the debased Bomanist multitude. To fo ment and gratify that passion Mary's house was translated by Gabriel (so they say) from Nazareth to Loretto, in- Italy, which in consequence has become the " Mecca " of Mariolatry. In the Litany of Loretto, Mary - is addressed thus; "Holy Mary, mother of God— Virgin of virgins — mother of divine grace — mother of our Creator — venerable Virgin — mirror of justice — seat of wisdotii — cause of our joy — tower of David- tower of Ivory — house of God — ark of the covenant — gate of heaven — morning star — health of the weak — comf irt of the afflicted — refuge of sinners — help of Christians, pray for us." In other Bomanist formularies such language as the following is used ; " O Empress, and our most kind Lady, by the authority of a mother, command thy most beloved Son." " My only saviour, Mary, my lips are bound to publish no other praises but thine." "Unto thee I confess my sins, into thy hand I commit my soul." And in all Bomanist prayer books in the " Office of Mary " the language is not less extravagant and blasphemous. Now, if such language addressed to a creature is not the idolatry forbidden by God in the Holy Scriptures, what is it ? 5\. To illustrate the profound and supreme loyalty ot Romanists to the service of Mary the following is narrated as having taken place at Naples in the Church oif Gesu VecoJiio, December 30, 1886\. The occasion was the coronation of an image of the Madonna and Intant. When the crown was placed on the head of the child there was merely a general movement ; but when the crown was placed on the head of the Virgin the multitude could no longer contain them selves. The shouts of the men, the cries, the extended, imploring hands, the tears and convulsive shrieks of the women, proclaimed which one of the two was their favorite ; and how vehemently and profoundly they adored the Virgin and worshipped her image. And the same sentiment prevails in the Church of Rome the world over ; and it finds its expression in the numerical arrangement of the " Rosary," ten to one, in laudation of their great goddess — the Virgin Mary; In order to obviate and refute the charge of idolatry, the Church of Rome makes a distinction between the honour and service proper to be rendered by a bond servant to his maater, which they name Dulia-, and that which may he lawfully rendered to the Divine Being only; this they call Latvia. The former, they assert, is what they render to the saints and angels ; and the latter to God only. And thus they hope to escape the charge of idolatry. If this distinction were real, then it would follow that, like the Athenians in Paul's time, " they are too superstitious," for their devotions consist almost entirely of Dwffa, there being but little occasion with them for the service of Latvia. But' this distinction in religious worship is totally fallacious. It is a subterfuge of Rome — ah imaginary distinction which has ho foundation in fact. In the Scriptures no such distinction is re cognized : the two words being used in- terchahgably in the sense of diaconia — service— without regard to the object to which that service is rendered. (Matt. 4 : 10; Acts 7 : 7 ;) here the word is latiia, and it expresses the service of the true God.- In the following place diilia is used in the same sense, Matt. 6: 24. And in John 12 : 26, the original of serve is diacone. And the Church which makes of this subtile distinction a false pretence to hide its flagrant idolatry does not observe it ; for in her " offices " of Mary, of the cross, of Joseph and of the angels, she adopts language which can he lawffilly addressed only to the Divine Being. And, finally, the common people who are trained in Rome's great school of idolatry do not, and cannot, understand so impalpable a distinction. For how could they honour their leaker more highly than they do "Mary" and the " Cross" ? A h d what greater and more abundant hlessings could the Almighty God, or His Divine Son, or the blessed Spirit besto\v' on perishing sinners than such as ' they daily and boiirly seek, aihd exp'ect to receive , from, dead inen and women, some of whom, when on earth, were of infamous life, and some that never had existence at all. 