Notes and Anticipations. (BY " MARTINDALE.") It appeared quite a pleasure to Mr. M. Bia!e, tho secretary of Canterbury Park, tb be bustling round from pate to gate on April 30 with that leather bag, collecting tho nimble shillings paid for admission by the public to the pretty little courEe. The proprie tary have not had such a successful day's pony racing for a great length of time, if ever before. They started off with a record of 111 entries for the six events, and as 83. of these started, tho fields averaged 14 for each event. This was very satisfactory, and then the racing was really excellent;, as with tho exception of one event the contests wera all keen. Myee secured th* Flying Handicap af ter a rattling finish, beating the hurdle ra-e Bruce by a neck, with Vortex a good tbird. Maltese, who went ont an even monoy favorite for the Miniature Handicap, fairly cantered home with 9sb on her back. Sho is a wonderfully pood pony, end. v. ell up to weight. The Park Handicap gave a rattling fioish, there being only heads between fie first three hordes ; Skylark, who went out at 10 to 1, landing tho monoy. As usual, the Distance Handicap Trot proved an unsatis factory event. A horse called Lönsr Hoper was made favorite, but bc c;>t Buch a torry figure in the race that after Nea had won easily from soratch tho ste wards interviewed the parties concerned, and dis qualified, thc horse, rider,- and owner for 12 months. The game little Geobung won . the Pony Handicap cleverly, ar.d the unbacked Empress secured tho Galloway Handicap, which concluded a most enjoy able afternoon's sport. At first the weather appoared such on Saturday morn ing last»that it locked doubtful if tho Warwick Farm management would t¡o able to got'through with their race meeting. However, it cleared oil', and those who went up experienced a most enjoyable day, that is if they did not bet. Backers h id a very bad time of it. Taking right through, the autumn racing so far has been ull in favor of tho " books." Tho first of. tho first-class special trains did not make anything Uko r-'cord time cn tho trip up, spmething going- amiss in the mííohinery department. Still wo were in good timo to hoar the warning boll for the F.ying Stakes, for v. hick thcro woro 15 starters. On tho strength of tho good form shown by Pride in the Welter at Canterbury in the pre vious week, ehe waa installed first favorite. She ran well to tho distance, and then . col'ap?ed. Similar form baa been previo*;Ely exhibited by the Marvellous stock, who have shown rattling form lor one or two events and then gono right off fora timo. As thoy turned into the straight it looked as it sha was sure to win, and that her mc&fc; troublesome opponent would bo Mr. Tom Payton's representative, tho bay gelding Empire, by Chester from Queen of Nations. He had the favorito badly beaten at the half distance, but in tura had to give way to tho chestnut colt Cardoness, by Goldstrough from Mambourine, trained by Mr. Tom Lamond. The win ner was cleverly ridden by C. Parker, and backed by tho Zetland Lodge trainer, who was very confident the colt would get homo. When the betting opened on tho Auction Stakes, old Strephon'was placed as favorite, buttha friends of Merriwa gave the'r support in such a hearty manner to \ho eon ' of Goldsbrough and Habena that the public followed suit, and be weist out favorite at 2 tb ' l'. He ran ./well,' bet ' Mark Robinson, had got the\,Forest "KingYgeüUng,' Forester, dressed in' such form. thai, he beat the favorite easily from the distance. Forester's1 owner bought him ia for ?.£70* after' the- race, " the whole of which went to the club. The public lost no time in ' I ' -1-!,1 . VU I ? , ' ;'.-» . jj ' " selecting the Moprthorne-Silvor Bellfecolt, Chatham, ' aa tho favorite for tho Autumn Handicap, while Steel Arrow and Dampier were tho beat backed nf. the others. Aa they oanterei ' past Timbrel looked like ono that would take no ' end of beating. This Bon of Tho Drummer and MisB Whiffler has been a most disappointing animal^ and ia not to be trusted. He, however, . 'was ia a racing humor, and won j but it was unfortunate for the baokers' of Avenger, who made all the running, that his rider lost his whip. Had it been otherwise, there is little doubfcbuttlie-Cheater-Lorraine gelding would have beaten Timbrel. Chatham, who ia net possessed of the. best of tempers, got back amongst the ruck in the early part ot the race, and .it waa not till too late that Liddard got him fairly going, finishing with: a fast run in third place, whila Steel Arrow was nowhore. At first Marplot was made favorite for the Nursery Handicap; thenAde laidoYand towards the close of tho betting a good« looking brown gelding by "Beauchamp from Maid o£ Kent \va3e0 freely backelthat ho was really lavorits at the finish. Ho won m cap;tal btyle, and the way ho finished was a credit to his eire, who in my opinion ia ono of tho beat-shaped horses thats ver left Engtaud, and will do his owner, Mr. C. Baldwin, no end of credit yet ag a stud torte. Out of tho original entiy of 50 for tho Puce Welter, jest half faced the flag, and a capital race it produced, resulting in a clever win for Killarney from Labor, who pretty well made tho paco all tho way, and was only beaten ia the laßt few strides. This cor.olnded a most success ful day with no accidents, thouyh two horses, l'ell« ringer and Protty Kato foll in thc Paoe Welter ; their ridera escaped with a shaking. In a chat with tho well-known trainer John Alsopp, he informed me that this week would see the ter» i ruination of Gibraltar's stay in his stables at Lower ; Eandwiok. The great sun of Algeria will thon bo . taken back- to bia birthplace, Neotsfield. Alsopp, during his career aa a traiter, UEB not had the beat of luck. Had all been dona in an above-board nnnnor hs wou'd havo trained a doublo-Hawkesbury Handicap and Motrop. winmr in Sir Modred -and have landed a stake that would have done him no end of good, but he was fated not to do it. Then with Gibraltar he appeared at tho commencement, of the present season to almost have tho who'o of tho classic eventß, both in this colony and Victoria, at his mercy ; as those who saw the bit? colt in work fait pretty oertain that he could lower Tho Admiral's colors-a fact which he afterwards clearly demonstrated in the V.R.C. St. Leger. Ho, however, went amies; and after winning the A.J.C. Derby and Seoond Foal Slakes at the Randwick Spring Meeting, ho did not sport Bilk again, through sn aoddont, till the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, when ho won tho St. Leger Stakes at Flemington. His next appearance was in tho contest for tha Australian Cup, in which, when full of runnin?, and in the opinion of his rider (Nerricker) winning easily, he troko down. It Avas a bad break, and one that it took tho vet3 a long time to mend sufficiently to allow the horBa to bs brought hack to Randwick. With such rich stakes as this colt would have undoubtedly have won, tho 1O3B of bia services as a racehorse ia a very severe one to Mr. Dangar, but 1 foci very certain that ho has a great career before him as a stud horse, bred na ho ia by Biink hoolie from Adrastia, by St. Albans from Nemises, by Newminster. When tho second batch of the late Hon. J. White's yearlings, intended todo battle for him on the Eng-1 lish tnrf, were viewed at Kandwiok, ali picked out ' the bay filly. Mons Meg, by Martini-Henry from Malaca J, as a palloper. She made her debut in the colors of Mr. Dan. Cooper on April 30, at Newmarket, in tha March Stakes, rnn for at 1 mile, and finished third. The winner turned up in the. excel'enfc per former Amphion, who last year started seven times and won four. . . An excellent day's pory-racing is promised afc Rosehill on May 14, entries for which close on Mon day next. That there is not a metropolitan horse engaged ia tho two leading 6vents on tho annuli programme of tho Dnbbo Jookey Club tel's how tho continued raoing in and around tho metropolis acts against the country clubs ; still, both evonts promise excellent sport. At the time of writing tho acceptances aro not made, so that Tam writing a bit iii the dark. For the Macquarie Plate, run for on the firet day, the chances of EtheVCumberoona, Gipsy Girl, and Silver King look es well as anything ; whilo Ethel, Grand Duke, and Keepsake look fair for the Jockey Club ' Handicap. The weights for the Opening Handicap and Hurdle Race will . be published on Monday next. A meeting of the Cootamundra Turf Club waa held at the Albion Hotel last Monday night,* Dr. Brown, V.P., in the chair. It was deoided'to hold the sprius meeting on November 9, and the dates for tho aunual meeting were fixed for February 4,10, and ll. From Narrandera I learn that tho bazaar in aid o£ . the local turf club's building fund promised to be a groat success. It was expected that fully £3i)Q would be realised. Race meetings are to be held at Yetman on May 23, Byrock on June 8, nnd Tamworth on October 14 and ' , 15\. All three have been registered afc headquarters. Tho Coolah Jockey Club have announced tfcat they ? will hold a day'B racing. onMay 25. . As the added - mor.ey only amounts to ¿G45 it will only have a local importnnop. . - . ; Mr. W. C. Quinton, who has framed the handicapa. - for tho Northern Jockey Club and many otborsduiv. in g tl: e past 15 years, ia an applicant for the position of V.R.C. handicapper. . Nominations are duo on Tuesday hext for tho,lead ing handicaps on the annual programme issued hythe lieu;ke Jockey Club. They ara the Bourke Jockey . Club, of 125 sovs, neile, run for on the first day of . tin meeting, Juno 16; and the Central Australia! . Handicap, of 200 eovs, li mile. They :are botlrei cellent prizes, and should attract a capital entry. Judging- by- the . nominations received for similar events at Dubbo, the owners out west are fighting shy - of anything over a mile and a torl'on?.. It is^a.greap pity ; and our loading race dabs in the vicinity of tho. metropolis, both in thia colony and .Victoria, aTO to , blame fer cultivating the growth of short distance races ia the past. . Mr. A. Youille, who has done no end of service as hon. treasurer, announces that the amount subscribed and profit of the complimentary race meeting to Mr. E. S. Chapman, is £2159 5s 5d. This, Mr. Yuille informs me, has been handed to Mr. Chapman, who it is said, is somewhat better than he has been for some time past. "Augur " has had a " bad spell," and all would be pleased to hear of his recovery. At a recent meeting of the Dubbo Jockey Club committee the following were appointed officials for the forthcoming meeting : Judge, D. Cameron; clerK : of the scales, G. Kitchen; clerk of the cowse, A. a. D. Crammond ; starter, A. Coulson. It was decided _ 1 that a portion of the stand he set apart for METÖ"?'. and a Bub-coinmittee was appointed to mate MS necessary arrangements. A number of newmemDera. were elected, and the mesting adjourned. ' ^ . According to "our own correspondent the imnai: meeting of the Narran Amateur Turf Club held la« week was a great success. The principal event, toa Narran Handicap, was won by Idle Boy, LotAing at tho formidable Hat of nomínatioTiB, th «nance of backers making a recovery at Rosehill oi Saturdayilooks ver jr vornote indocd; Mr. Scarr look .1-tohavedona-hia work well, anti every event should prc vide a rattling' finish. Tho pro^ruinmo opeus wit! th» Federat'on Handicap, run for at 0 furlongs, ii which the chacóes Of Gaytinio, Empire, and Rosetfi look as well " as anything in'it. Tho fiold for th Hnrdle Rice promises to bo a good one, as thore ar< 23 nominations. General Gordon hoads tho list witl list 51b. Now that Killarney is woll, and had oxperi enoe over tho jumps, ho should about win ; but it is i very open race, and one that will tako no f nd of pick iug. When tho bettin? opened last Saturday for th< Pane Welter at Warwick Farm, Manon was the TUB backed hy the public; but when the others came iut< tho market she at oreo receded to a loni? price Gauged by previous form her chanco at 6 f irions was not over good, and it looks muol better to-day at a mile, while Tho Markee may seenr. the Nursery Handicap. If Cardoness can stay, tin May Handicap should bo a raco that ho should wir without difficulty, seeing that ho has only got th< Bame waight to carry that he got homo in front wit! in the Flying Stakes at Warwick Far.n. He thoi came at tho right end, aud to my fancy will tako nc end of boating. Repose should mn well, as also old Lancer. Those who know Harry Eva-s, a jockey connected for somo time past with E. Key's stable, will be sorry to hear that he ba3 had tho misfortune to loso an eye, It appears that ho was sufforing from an affection oi the eye, to cure which he had toundorgo an operation at Prince Alfred Hospital. It has beön an expensive buMneB?,iina no doubt tho Jad will receive a shara oi the funds of tho Distressod Jookeya'Fund. - . . A day's racing is to take place at Berridale on May 25. The picnic, race meetings hold at several of o-rr leading country towns have," during tho labt couple of years, grown greatly into favor. Many owners aro always' on tho look out for a docent horse, that has been a bit unfortunate as a prizewinner, for the Îiurposo bf " taking down" his brother amatours. Tho nverell Picnic Race Club held i's annual gathering on April 29 when some excellent sporb was witnessed. A feature of the d*y was the good fiolds. Mr. J. BorthwioVs Corridor won tho opening evonfc, tho Maiden Plate, while Mr. Tom Cook's You'll Do secured the Flying Stakes. Tbo President's Cup was won by Mr. F. G. Finley's Viper, while Mr. Fen wick Bteered his own horse Beadsman homo in the Guineas. Mrs. Cooper won tho Ladies' Bracelet with Whirlwind,'and Mr. McFarland's Fantail secured the Vanquished Handicap ; while tho Breedors' Plate went to Mr.' J. Y. Black's Her Ladj ship. Secretary. Mr. Tom Haydon, and tho committee of the Viotorian. Trotting Club, have made a good fight of it with tbe " goody-goody " inhabi tants of the borough for tho possession of Elsternwick Park as a racecourse. The first hard blow tho club got was when the authorities refused to grant a licence for tho sale of liquors other than gingerbeer and tea. The final blow has now boen administered, as the Minister for Lands has refused to grant a renewal of tho lease, which expireB next September. The club will now have to secure ono of the other suburban courses. Mr. W. R. Wilson, of St. Albans, has bestowed tho following names on his yearlings ¡ Colt, by Trenton -Paquita, Willyama ; colt, by First King-Pilgrim age, Repudiation ; filly, by Trenton - Jessamine, Trentonia; filly, by Grandmaster-Crystal, Parthia; filly, by Nelson-Memphis, Lady Nelson; filly, by Neckersgat-Meg Merrilies, The Shrew; filly, by Ondeis-Mary Gladstone, Faota. The largest, winners at the late South Australian J.C. Meeting were two Victorians. - The late Mr. Reiohan'a old servant Stanley carried off'iCSSO; while Elfie, She, Priory, ard Emmie- between them earned ¿£700 for Mr. W. R. Wilson, and it is gratify ing to see that the St. Albans luck has changed for the better at laBt. We are frequently treated to long delays at the post in Australia, but it appears that they ara no better off in England, as at the last Lincoln Spring Meeting Mr. Arthur Coventry, tue starter to the jockey olub took three- quarters of an hour to start tho Brocklesby Stakes (2-year-oldä), and 25mia to start the Lincolnshire Handicap. The well-informed sporting writer "Trumpator" Bays: I believe thero is very litfclo chance of Mr. Godfrey Watson being permanently ongagod to start . in South Australia. Mr. Watson's terms for doiag the work are likely to bo considered rather out of the question by the committees of the S.A.J.C. and A.R.C. From Molbourne I learn that tho Hon. W. Pearson has engaged T. Rawlings as private trainer. Raw lings should be well fitted for the position, having had a lengthy experience with snob trainers as Dowling, Dakin, and Whitty. Rawlings will be located at Kilmany Park. According to recent exchange, ono of tho effects of the French law stopping betting on horse races is already apparent. At a recent sale of blood horses tha amount received was 40 per cent, below tho value, and tho falling off is attributed entirely to the depression ia racing circles caused by tho suppression of betting. Mr. T. J. Bourke has lost a good old servant in the ouriously-marked chestnut horse Yankee Grab, by Lottery. Old Yankee Grab was a good one over the fences, winning last season at Wyndham, Williams town, and Caulfield. It appears that tbo horse was turned out for a spell in a paddock at Scoresby, and Was found dead in a creek. May ll is the date fixed upon by Mr. J. T. Cars lake (Mr. Tommy Jones) for tho clearing sale of race horses at his stables, Caulfield. Messrs. W¿ C. Yuille and Co. will conduct tho sale. Amongst the lots to be submitted will be Bon Bolt, Cooramin, and Doncaster. According to the Tasmanian correspondent of tho SPORTSMAN, tho totalisator bueinesa in tho tobacco nists' Bhops haa become such a nuisance that an effort ia being made to put it down. Tho Attorney-General, in reply to a deputation, has promised to legislate in that direction ; and no ono who sees the places referred to, crowded with youths and boys when any race xneeting, either local or across the water, is on, can doubt, for a moment, that it is getting bayond all reasonable bounds. The michinos have assisted our raoing^ clubs in a marked degree, and few object to them in their place, but thero is a medium in all things. About one of the unluckiest fillies that have raced lor Borne time was undoubtedly the chestnut Sophy, hy Kingborough, from Czarina, owned by Mr. J.. Sampson. During tho last two racing seasons sho carried her owner's colors in 13 races and failed to B°jPj a win' Growing fast sho was put into the paddock, and only recently put into work. She Had grown into a fino maro and good things were anticipated of her. One morning at Randwick sho broke away, and before being caught mot with serious injury. This she had just recovered frcm, but while out exercising on April 28, in Bourke-street, she had the misfortune to break her leg, and was at once aeatroyed. About her best performance was runniog Sedition 3t 61b T the Eoyal Sfcakea of 1889- won by I don't know how many yoari Mr. Chnrloy Naylor -has filled tho position of seorotary to tho Bathurst Turf Club, but it must bo a goodly number. At thc last annual raoo meeting.Mr. Naylor did not appear at all satisfied with his poaition. If tho mern >ors. of the clnb -worked with : a will, Mr. Naylor appeared quite willing to go on. . He wanted to make improvements. A now stand, and for _ that matter a fresh course, were his ambitioua notions. Not bad onoa either, for tho stand has weathered so many storms that it is now showing the effocts, and might como down some day j net when tho excitement over tho finish for a Cap race is at its height. At late meetings the ladies of Bathurst have attended in good numbers, and such an accident would have terrible results. The committee, I suppose, cannot sea its way clear to doing this, consequently Mr. Naylor has resigned. Mr. A. L. lug ia has been appointed to the vacant position. Mr. Sam. Hordern promises to bo one of tba lead ing men on the New South Wales turf at no distant dato. ConBequont'y the faofc that he has promised his support to the newly-formed raco oiub at Bowral means a lot. This promise may RO so far as the grant ing of tho uso of a racing track or. his private estate, Retford Park. If this is dono, no doubt Mr. Hordern will havo his horaea when ho enters fully into the business of racing trained in privato on it. The race meeting at Green's Gunyah on April 30 waB a fairly successful ono. Somoday won the Tri il Stakes, Groylight tho Gunyah and Plying Handicaps, -while Someday scoured tho Selling Rice, and Friend less got homo in tho Hack Race. Tho event . of tho season in Warrnambool is tho Handicap Steeplechase. It is Tun for ovor a' natural course, and took place on April 3D; Mr. D. M'Donald's Shanoen winning, with Mr. J. M'Kohna's Dandy second, and Mr. J. M'Guinnoas's Zuleika third. - . . At tho race moating held at The Rock on April 30 tho good-looking May Day won tho double-Kiugston aid Flying Handicapa. Tho usoful Hiawatha won tho Wolter Hand.oap ; while Ghost got home first over the hurdloa ; and Jco Grimaldi tho Consolation Stakes. The Greta Jockey Club have issued a programmi of five events, to te run off on May 25. The prnoipal handicap will receive 30 BOYS. An American exchange ßtatea that tho decision of Jockey Gamsen to soil his entire Btable of horses ia a move in tho right direction, whatever may be its cause. Owner and jockey, at ono and the same timo are two scarcely compatible positions, and the jockey who endeavors to fill both Batiefaotory is bound to come to grief sooner or lator. GarriBon? in tho minds of most raoing men, is the beat jockey in America, and as such can com mand enormous prices for his services. Therefore, Ne sutor ultra crepidam. In other words, Garrison should atiok to the pigskin. As a further move, Garrison should disposa of his valet. . Since the A. J.C. autumn meeting fnrthor improve ments have been made to the grandstand at Rand wick, in the shape of a kitchen and cooling-room. These will prove of great benefit to tho caterer. Tho cooling-room is fitted with all modern appliances. The secretary of tho Cootamundra Turf Club states that his club have over .£300 in hand, ¿?250 of which has been handod over to the trusteoa' fund. Tho committee havo fixed upon November for a spring meeting, and February 10 and ll as the dates for the holding of the next annual race meeting. Mr. E. P. Barnes has been electod hon. treasurer of the club. Mr. W. Kelso heads the Hat of prize takors at Warwiök Farm la=t Saturday, his share of the ¿6400 disbursed being ¿690. Tho others to receive monoy were Messrs. M. Robinson, T. Lamond, and W. Miller ¿675 each, and J. Payten, ¿610. We aro often told by those opposed to the book makers that if the totalieator was in use baokera would get far better prices out of the machine than they do from tho " booka." Perhap3 they would, taken right through-a fact duo to baokera thom BOIVOB, as in tho machine thoy will back everything, but with tho " books" they will not. A visitor to. the Adelaide Tattersalls Autumn Meeting last Saturday, who had the good luck to put a sovereign on every winner on the "tote" would, at the end of the day, find himself winning ¿618 17s; while, if ho had put the same amount on with tho books his total winnings would have been ¿G25. The racing appeara to have boen very fair, Simpleton opening tho day with a win in the Hurdlo Race. Lady Rose waa sent out favorite for the Tom ns Park Plato, but waa beaten in the last stride by Herod. The contest for Tattersalls Cup was a desperate ono, resulting in a doid heat between Lou and Satan. Laorosso secured tho Sell ing Race, and old Screwwrenoh won the Steeplechase, for which Prosper wont out favorite at 6 to 4. Despised, who went out at 2 to 1 for the Pile Handi cap, led all the way, and won easily. October 22 and 23 aro tho dateB upon which tho committee of tho Singleton Jockey Club have decided to hold their next annual race meeting. Baokera must have had a Rood day at Caulfield last Saturday, as five favorites got home. They wont down in the oponing event, tho Two-year-old Handicap, for which they backed Bodkin down to 7 to 4. She waa asked to finish homo with The Magis trate, when Mr. Cook's horBö defeated her by a Bhort he id. Backers made no mistake after this, as they backed Stswpan and Seasoug at 4 to 1 each for the Hurdle Race, tho pair running first and second. 3 to 1 was freely taken abont Mr. Woolcott's reoent purchase, Savant, for tho Glenhuntly Handicap, which ho won oasily. Jubilee went out at 3 to 1 for the Steeplechase and won, while Lucifer landed tho 6 to 4 laid about him in the Selling Race, and Doo itful, 5 to 2, secured the Welter Amateur Handicap. Some time ago tho pony Fashion, with the nominal owner Harrison, was disqualified for life for suspicious runningatLillio Bridge. It subsequently transpired that Harrison was not the real owner, who waa absent from Sydney when the alleged off enoo was committed, and the case was re-opened by the Li lie Bridgo committee on Saturday night. It waB decided to exonorato tho real owner in the opinion of the committee from all blame, bnt it waB also decided not to remove any of the disqualifications imposed. A day's racing ia announced to take place at Gil gandra on May 25. Tho announcement that Mesara. W. C. Yuille and Co. will on May 26 dispose of tho famous Bundoora Park Btud by auotion will bo received with ragrot throughout tho colonies. AB a breeder of racehorse? and shorthorn cattle Mr. Gardiner has acquired a high reputation ; bnt latterly his lines have not been cast in pleasant placeB, and aB a consequence tho whole of the valuable stock is to bo disposed of by tho order of the mortgagees. The stallions to be eold aro Precious Stone, Guinea, Lord Bundoora, Golden Butterfly, and Fitz-Tubel. There ia a}BO a very lengthy list of horses in training and brond mateB to be disposed of. Three prominent South Australian sportamen, Mr. John Crozier,. Mr. T. F. Wigley, and Mr. John Pile, are contemplating a trip to the old country. Tho Tasmanian horses, Macquarie, Dundas (la Newton), and Ninna, in cara of tháir trainer, V Clare, arrived-safely in Melbourne. . Aocordins? to tho ARQÜ3 report, a fine specimen i tho. young thoroughbred in The Gobion King, a han som?, strong, and cotnpict colt, won the Müde Plate at Warrnambool, and afterwards waa sold i Mr. E. Phillips, tho prico beirg stated to be ¿£'5C The Golden King ÍB by King of tho Ring from Nuom who is by Manuka from The Jewess, and is, then foro, half-sistsr to Mara, Cjclops, and The Pi neer. Mr. W. Hood's Postcript, a fast and cleve miro, won tho Maiden Steeplechase, nearly all hf opponents failing to fenoo well. Banda did backe] a good turn by winning tho Wangoom Handicap fe them. Skip and Ocean Wave, each of whom ran i wrong colors, wore second and third. Lottie one ngaiu demonstrated what a roally good mare she isb carrying litjt 71b to victory in tho Open Hurdle Raci Sho was a 7 to 4 on favorito in a field of six, and he success was received with great enthusiasm ; M; Tozer receiving a shower of congratulations on hi good fortnne in being tho owner of so good a maro. It is reported that the Sandhurst Hunt Club hau decided tint tho hunt meetings shall commonco th first Wednesday in June. Mr. J. Heffernan has bee soloctsd as master of the hounds. A race moating, to bo presided over by amateurs, i down to tako placo at Germanton on Juno 4. Seoin that the programme is to bo raado up with sevo events, and tha priza-money is only about ¿830, th competitors will bo of the moderate kind. It is rot o't^n that tho Millers make a- mistake and when they do co it is mostly with their flat race candidates. About tho moat di?appointin¡ animal they have in the stable appears to bo Gingoi who has been well backed on sovoral occasions. Hi latest-offert was in tho Anniversary Handicap a Moonee Valley on May 1, when the horso was backe« down to 2 to 1, and failed to get a place; Eldorado, ; 6 to 1 ohanco, winning by'a short longtli from Vera with Canarian third. According to tho latest nows from Weat Aus tralia, a race club has beon formed at Fremantle The firïtraco mooting is down to tako placo on Juni 1, when tho leading event will be tho Fromantio Cup of 30 sovs, 2 miles. Tho following interesting ¡toms on tho managomon of thoroughbreds aro from tho pen of "Centaur " ii tho American MAIL AND EXPIÍESS : "It was pro bably from tho advance plans of educating the hors' in foroo at tho groat trotting studs in California tba trotting men first got the idea of taking ui thoroughbreds soon after they were weaned and gradually teaching them what they ha< to do later in life. And the more one studie the Bystoms in foreo at Palo Alto and othe great farms on the Pacific slope tho more ono i filled with admiration. And yet they aro so simple Senator Stanford's methods and tboso of other gr¿a: breeders are nothing but the adaptation of tho kinder garten system to the education of the horse. Tho youns animal is kept familiarised almost from bia bi ttl with the soenea, tho surroundings, tho aaooufcreinenti and the work in which and with which his future lift is to be pa?sed. Instead of being allowed to roan like a young savage in a field with a lot of othei weanlirgs and yearlings, ho is early accustomed t< tho surroundings of tho stable, tho restraints ol halter and bridie, the weight of the saddle or harness He is novor asked to do much, and thus his interesl is kept alive and his infant powers are not stressée sufficiently to arouso in him a senpo of rosentmo t What is roally work ior him is to him nothing bnt E modification of play. Thus he learns how to gallop oi trot, and not dread the prick of tho spur cr the s *ial of tho whip as punishment,- but as signa's to brint into play somo powor which he has rot oxercised Continuing, ho says : This plan of breaking anc training thoroughbred yearlings has been trioc more extensively during the past yo ir thar ever before, nnd I think it will spread extensivolj during tho coming year. At all tho racetrack; in this vicinity yearlings by the hundred could b< seen last summer, and tho old-faahiocod methods o' breaking had been laid a?ido almost entirely. The hugo yearling bits with nma-ivo " players," cavern ou3 and dumb jockeys, lunging lines, and the burlj figure of tho professional yearling rider wore almost entirely absent. The yearlings wore simply kopt ii: stalls the same as the older horses in training. They saw everything that wont on about the stable. Thej saw tho older horses saddled and bridled, and rid den and rubbod down, end thus they perceived that putting pn a bridle or a saddlo, or putting up a rider was in no way a dangerous occupation. A trainer of my acquaintance had a batoh of nearly a dozen yearlings ready for moderate track work in less than two days. Ho did not experience the leist trouble, end none of bia youngsters showed tho least resentment. Tho way in which he worked his youngsters was equally simple. He would turn out h¡3 entire lot in a bunch with two or throo steady, quiet, older horses with thom. Tho young things would watch tho leader of tho string and naturally do what be did. When he walkod they walked. When ho trotted they trotted ; and when howas asked to go a breather of about a furlong, they would imitate him. In this way the entire batch was br.k'n, trained, and pre pared for their October trials without really knowinz that they wore indulging in anything but play. And, for temper, I never saw such a splendid lot. The methods of training aro steadily improving, while the art of race-riding is retrograding, he con tinues. There was a time when first-class jockeys could be had by the dozen at a moment's notice, but at prosont it is doubtful if there are 20 riders that might bo called second-class. This comes through lack of training and disciplino and the large salaries paid to tho few successful onos. A jockey has very little chanco in collecting riding feea. Somo jockeys have several hundred dollars duo fromownors who consider themselves respectable. This caueoj them to seek other means to earn money in their pro fession. Tho spur of honest reward is not thero as an incentive to excel ns a rider, and he regards dishonesty in ono direction no mora . than i dishonesty in another way. But on tho I other hand, if he has managed to ride a few winners and gains tho favor of tho owner and is in demand, ho gains a sense of self-importance which makes him forget that it is tho horse's speed and tho trainer's skill in conditioning tho animal, more than his own efforts, that bringB about his SUCCOÏB. Ho regarda himself aa a past master, and instead of being a usoful member of tho multitude which conduct turf operations, ho becomes an unreliable and offensive little tyrant. The committee of the Yass Jockey Club has a balance in band of £82 19s 9d. Of this ¿230 haB been placed in the bank at intereit for BÍX month?. It is now eomo time since we Baw Mr. Harry Chifney in the saddle. He was an excellent horae man. and won the Melbourne Cup in 1863 on Musidora. If hiB son, who had his firßt mount on Melba, in the Trial Stokes at Mentone, proves to be as good in the saddle, he will earn an excellent living. Sir William bas been scratched out of the Rosehill May Handicap. The following raoe meetings have been registered by thé' A.J.C. Germanton Amateur Midwinter, Baddie Pack (Silverton), Merriwa, aad Smithtown. Tho cabio news intimates ¿bat"tho One Thousand - Guineas -waa run at Newmaik't on May 1, and re sulted iv a victory for Mimi, with Mr. D. Cooper'* Me'ody second, and Siphonia third. Tho One Thoa- 3 sand Guineas waa initiated in 1811', and ia run over ' what is known ne tim Rowley Mile, at Newmarket. Just in the same way ns tho Two Thousand Guineas ' tjenerally introduooa the- i-nck 3 year-old of ?. tho season, so dooa tho Ono IhouFand Gninoo? introduce' tho crack filly, but it would foe '? tedious to travel through the names of the long list: ' of winnois. Crucifix ia tho only filly whioh has ano« ceeded in appropriating tho double, tho Two Thousand and Ono Thousand Guineas, and sbo al.so won the1 Oaks in 1810. Formosa in 1SG3 was the first to gain the distinction of winning the treble-the One Thou-. sand Guinoas, tho Oaks, and St. Leger; but the Eame troblo was afterwards won by Hannah in 1871 and Apology in 1874. On 17 occasions the Ono Thousand Guinea winner has aleo won tho Oaks. The winner on thi3 occasion, Mimi, has a remarkably good record aa a 2-year-old, as in tix races ehe eooured four viotories, viz., tho Lavant Stakoa (¿£'760) at Good, wood, in Jnly ; tho Sixth Zetland Stakes (.£175) at Newmarket, on Sop'ombcr 21; tho Two-year-olds Stakes (.£395) at Newmarket, on Septem ber 20; and the Cloarwell Stakes (£557) at Newmarket, on Octo ber 7. Mimi is by Barcaldine, and is owned by Mr. M. French. Melody ia owned by tho Auatra'ian, Mr. D. Cooper. Sho ia by Tynedale-Gleo. As a2-yoar-old ßho started six timt>, and won twic*, namely, tho Woodcote Stakoa (.£050) at tho Epsom Summer meeting and the Orleans Nuraery Handicap (¿6490) at Sandown Park on-'October 16. Siphonia was out five times as a 2-year-r,ld, and won once, her solitary victory hoing in'tho Richmond Stakes (¿8942) at Goodwood in July, when aho had but ono oppo nent, tho Duke of Westminster's Ordinance. The Sydney Turf Club committee baa every reason to bo satisfied with the patronage accorded ita May programme.by horaeowners. Tho list contains tho namo of almost every porformer of not i ia the '. colony, as I find on glancing .lawn snob good ones ns Marvel, Highborn, Contaur, Biuigobah. Fernando, t Paris, Wilga, Victor Hugo, King Olaf, T.idenfcuuv Sir William, Muriel, Ernest, and others. Each event filled well, as tho following numbera show: First Hurdle Race 24, Royal Stakes GO, Nursery Handicap 29, First Steepleohaee 12, Turf Ciub Handicap 40, Second Hurdle Raoe 24, Corinthian Plato 28, Birth, day Cup 45, Second Steeplechase 15, and Farewell ; Handicap 55, making a total of 332. Tho annual race meeting in connection with the Cadgellico Jockey Club, which was hell on Monday last, did not pass off without a serious accident. It appears that aa tho horaea turned into the straight while contesting tho laat event (the Flying Handi cap), throe horses, named Kate O'Shane, Gunner, and Leo, fell. Two of tho riders, Reynolds and Horsford, wero seriously i ijurod, but Banner escaped- with a shaking. Two of tae horses, Kate O'iShane and Gunner, were so seriously injured that they had ta bo destroyed. " ' It is quite evident that they could do with a fe» - moro horses " in training " out in Wcst Australia, as^ there are only four nominations for the Albany Turf Club's Town Plate. . While on hia travels Sir Georgs Grey visited Broken Hill at the time the race meeting promoted by the Broken Hill Jockey Clnb waa in progress. The club gave Sir George a hearty reception, and tha , committee entertained him at the oonoluaion of the meeting. In replying to the toast of hia health, ¡sir George said, "he considered Broken Hill was fully entitled to rank aa the eighth wonder of tho world." An excellent entry baa been received for the differ ont events on tho programme of tho Canterbury Park ; May meeting, 'i he total for tho six events is 126, made up as follows : Flying Handicap 16, Park Stakes; 31, Welter Handicap 22, May Handicap 19, Selling 1 Race 8, and Stewards' Milo 27. . ??. Our Molong correspondent wired as follows on,. Monday evening: Quito a gloom was cast over the ' town last nisrht when it becama known that the most '.. popular and respected of jockeys, Roger Davis, had breathed his last. The ead event took place at Stockwell's Hotel, at 5 o'clock. Ho never regained consciousness from tho time the acci dent occurred on April 28. Inflammation setting in oarly on Sunday morning he passed away peacefully at tho ago of 41, leaving a wife and seven . children to mourn bia loss. Ho had best medical attention by Dra. Devlin, Ross, mid Johnson, of Molong, and Machattie, of Bathurst, and among hia last friends to seo him was Mr. J. Burton, in whose employ Davis had been head man for many years. A curious ooin- -> ciiouce in connection with Davis waa that herods his first winner on the Molong Flat on Orphan Girl, and his laat winner (Marcella) on the day of the - accident at Molong Racecouras. It was ogainst bia liking that he rode Harlequin, which waa to have been tho horse's last race. Tue cortege le't Molong on Monday for Bathurst, a larga number of people following the coffin to tho railway station. The coffin was covered with beautiful wreaths, inclu ding ono in tho colora of tho horse ho rode when tha nccident occurred. Much sympathy ia expressed for his wife and children, and his aged and respected mother. Another coincidence in connection with this unfortunate rider is that tho horsebox that conveyed Carbino to Melbourne when ho won tho Cap also conveyed Roger Davis's remains to Bathurst. Meaars. Long and Hill aro not having the best of luck with their, stud at Hobartville, and the loss of the famous aire, Epigram, who died at Hobart ville on Monday last, is a heavy ono. Epigram, who was imported"to Australia by Sir Joshua P. Pell in 1874, was a grandly bred horse. He was by Blair Athol from Ellermere, by Chanticleer from Ellerdale, by Lanercoat from Costerdale's dam, by Tomboy from Tosane, by Whisker from Lady of tho Lees, by Octa vian, ¿c. Epigram upon his arrival in Australia was firàt located in Queensland, where ho sired some excellent stock, amongst thom, being Le Grand, Logerdomain, Whoatoar, Waterloo, Cauary and others. In 13S5 tho late Mr. Andrew Town purohased Epigram, sine3 which time he was located at Hobartville, and among tho good ones sired by him sinco then aro Yarran, who won the Maribyrnong Plate, Wilga, Town Talk, and othors. According to tho AGE the stewards of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club hold a further inquiry on Satur day into the running of Opera in tho St. Kilda Cup at a recent meeting, for which tho inaTO and her - rider, Guinane, wore disqualified fer 12 months. Mr. J. A. L^ng had sent in a statutory declaration to the effect that the mare waa his property, but no evi dence was forthcoming to justify tho original verdict being upset or altered, and tho disqualification there fore remains undisturbed. There ia a consonsus of - opinion among racing mon who have the interest of the sport at heart that it-would havo been well if the stewards had Rone still further, and had beon able to include in the diBqnalification thosoiby whom the lad was corrupted, and for whose protection he waa mada a scapegoat. D. Brazil, an English jockey, .was taking a horso over the hurdles at the Kyneton racecourse (Vic.) on Monday when the horae fell, the result being that Brazil austained a fracture of the collar-bone. A race meeting to be held ab Merrygoen has been registered by ths A. J.C, Aocordinz to tho telegraphic report stn, excelle gëreraVentry has been received for the minor even .ou-tho Queensland Torf Club's autuma Programm 5 There also promisas to be good fields for the Briaba; Cn,p and Moreton handicaps, a3 the only withdraw lately was that of Imperatrix from the Brisbane Ca .' Alter many yeara' service, Mr. Hawkes is.no lons "Becretaxy of the Murrumbidgee Turf CboX Tl position ia now to be tided by Mr. Bussell, who manager of the local brandi of the Union Bank J Wagga. The appointment was made at a meeting < the Very numerous committee on last Tuesday, whi he waa proposed ty Mr. Beadon, and seconde by Mr. Joseph. Mr. Peadon was appointed honorai treasurer. Mr. Oliver Cox has lesignedhis pOBitit as a mei.ber cf the committee, and his place hi been filled by Mr. Coleman. Mr. Cox waa a goo , friend to the club, and his loss will bB felt. If backers bad a good day at Caulfield on hu Saturday, they had a bad time of it on Tue day at Wyndham on tho ocoasion of ti annual race meeting promoted by that lively bettin institution, BOW.B'B Tattersall* Club. Only ot favorite got home, Mr. J. I. Saqui's Olive, who wei ont at 5 to 4 for the M .mb*rs' Plate. Johnny and Pretty Kate have been withdrawn froj all their Rosehill engagements. The principal businos beforo the V.R.C. con mittee at their last fortnightly meeting was th choosing of a design for the trophy to be pre sente i to tho owner of tho winner of th next Molbourno Cup. A number of designs wer Bubmitted, the one solected by the committee bearin; the motto "Post Equitaino," which depicts th winner in the act of being crowned with a laure wreath, which :'s presented by an allegorical feinal figaro representing Victory. The drawing is said ti be beautifully executed. Secoud place waa awarder to a design Bent in by Mr. T. B. Way, of Bourke ?treet. From an exchange I tike the following : Mr. J Sutherland, of Lockharts Creok, has disposed of hi . racehorse Glenloth, whoso performances bavo mad« his name eo familiar throughout tho north-easten district, to Mr. P. Carmody, a well-known metro politan sportsman, for 400¿s. Possession is to bc given a'ter the horse had fulfilled his engagements a' Narrandera and Hiy. Glenloth's record lor the present season is 14 wins out of 19 starts. Ho is bj Glenmarkie. Mr. Frank Smith had every reason to be satisfied OE Tue'day with the success of the pony taca meeting at Botany, for not only waa thero a big attendance, but the races of which there were plenty were woll contested. Proceedings commenced w-.'ll with the Barnum Handicap for 11.2 ponies, and a great finish rtBu.tîd in a dead heat between Puzzle and Ldy Clarice. Rather tuan run off Puzzle was scratched, and the Blakes therefore went to Lady Clarice. The vory largo field entered for the Bunnerong Handicap necessitated tho race being run in heats. Tho first beat was wonderfully exciting, Tilly just b=atinz Sambo on tho post by a head. Lady Jersey won tho second heat comfortably, but the public pinued their faith to Tilly for the run off. Tilly g< t away woll, but ste could not finish with Lady Jersey, who won easily. Tom Brown, a nice- looking 12 hands pony, waa made favorite for the La Perouse Handicap, but Clytie never left the i sue in doubt ar.d wen very easily. Mand dis tanced her fie'd in the Trot, and Waxey and Florrie, the winners of the two heats in tho Bat ks Handicap, dividtd the stakes. Thero wore in all eight races, and the programme was got through so expeditiously that the putl c were able to get baok to to>vn at a reason ably early hour. Thero waa only a moderate attendance at tho Driving Park meeting on Wednosday. Tho different «vents resulted as follow : Mite Handicap, Hester ; Hamm'r St ikes, Jaoko ; Trot, Tho Duchess; Club Hantlicap, Wanderer ; Moore Park Handicap, Maid of Erin. I 