ON Monday last at Clapham Common, London, John Burns, the redoubtable labour leader, uttered grave words of warning and advice. A year or two ago there was an immense accession of busi ness in the United Kingdom. On all sides was a plethora of orders. Factories were noisy with industry, and the great ship- yards were melodious with the ever lasting clamour of hammers. The pros pects of trade were never brighter, and by an opportune movement on the part of organised labour there was a material advance of wages obtained. Men who never by any chance look beyond their nose immediately concluded that the long- continued depression of trade, which, like a thundercloud, had brooded over the entire civilised world, was breaking; and glorious were the prophecies uttered regarding the golden age shortly to dawn on a weary world. Others, judging of the future from the past, and remembering how, at irregular intervals, the universal gloom of bad times had ever been illu mined for a space by a brilliant glow of prosperity, and had then returned again in all its blackness, predicted that the improvement in trade would prove evanescent as of old, Students of history know with what irregular regularity these cycles come round, and they also know that the seasons of industrial activity grow relatively shorter, and that longer intervals of depression are found between them. John Burns clearly sees that the short spurt of prosperity is dying away in the same manner that they all do, and that the-period of stress and pressure is com ing back again. He is reported to have told his audience on Monday that the coming depression in trade would shake the old traies unions and have the effect of abolishing the new unions. He con sequently advised all unionists to look to Parliament for redress. This is the lesson and advice of what has come to be termed the "new unionism," and they mark a distinct advance on the old unionism. The latter after a long trial, and under excellent generalship, has proved inadequate to deal with the growing difficulties of the time. It has done much, and no bonest man can dis pute the sterling benefits it has been the means of conferring upon the workers; but its power and scope are limited. There are matters essentially involved in the labour problem which lie altogether out of its plane and beyond its reach. These matters are now to the front, and one might as well try to deal with them by means of unionism as combat hunger and thirst by the same weapon or attack an impalpable ghost with a material crow bar. The new unionism faces the inevit able. It takes all that the old unionism can give it in the shape of organisation and common action to a common end; but it goes further and uses unionism as a lever for political and social reform. The existence of great masses of the unem ployed is a continual menace to the sta bility of unionism, and unionism in making no pretence to deal with the un employed surplusage is clearly paving the way for its own defeat in a critical hour, John Burns recognises ,this and utters his warning in time. A general election is looming in the distance, and now is the time to prepare if the opportunity for securing direct labour representation is to be improved. Most of the new unions established since the gigantic strike at the dockyards possess but feeble reserves in the shape of funds. They have no doubt a good deal of enthusiacz?nlin them, but mere enthusiasm is an unreliable.weapon with which to face the slow tortures of entorced idleness and semi-starvation. Generals know that the best of troops cannot fight well on empty'stomacbs, and the raw levies of the new unions can hardly succeed where grizzled veterans fail. It is to Parliament that labour must look. The wrongs under which millions groan are the inevitable re sult of social maladjustments, the outcome of class legislation, class privileges, class robbery. Nothing of permanent relief can be hoped for so long as the laws go verning the production and distribution of wealth favour one class at the expense of the rest. If combination could have solved these problems of society it would have solved them long ago. But this is now seen to be a moral impossibility; and the main effect of the great advance in unionism of the last two years has been the establishment of a federa.tion on the part of the employers, with enormous re serves and a capacity for deiling with all future strikes of the first magnitude by cutting off supplies through the counter check of a universal lock-out. In a battle royal, as this journal, in spite of the shal low clamour of quidnuncs, has striven to show for years past, labour must go down. Any man therefore who endeavours.to persuade labour to rely on combination alone is a traitor. Combinations are very restricted in power, and when confronted by counter combinations like the federated employers must succumb, utterly crushed. We have John Burns on our side in this contention, and while unions should be kept up to their full strength as organisa tions, their object should be mainly political. In this direction if wisely directed there is hardly any limit to their power for usefulness. There are scores. of laws which ought to be erased from the statute book. They are the bequests of an age when labour was held to be a mere commodity, to be used up without a thought as to the misery lying behind this heartless using-up process. There are laws conceived and Instituted by a landlord class for their own interests and against the interests of all the test of the community. All these offer a field for stalwart reformers to spend their lives and energies in; and the reversal of one of these illiberal laws will do more for labour than 50 strikes, even though they should terminate successfully. The return of so many labour representa tives to our Parliament has sent a wave of encouragement round the civilized world, and the determination of these representatives to insist upon measures and to disregard men has received the imprimature of the best labour champions beyond the seas. Doubtless an effort will be made in the United Kingdom to profit by our example; but it is hopeless to expect, with the disabilities under which the British democracy labours, and the many distracting issues unavoidable where the population runs into some forty millions, that .the same relative measure of success can follow the movement there. Nevertheless, the effort will be made, and every well-wisher of mankind must wish it God speed. At tho I'olioia Cr: tsti m?oraing Edward Wholanu was fluied o10 with 2s Gd coUsts for allowllg 4 scows to stray in the publio streets. On Tussdav ouo of Mt. Alloopp't largo wheat atorce at Murrumburrah was blown down duting a heavy wind etorm, 