A , Beautiful Claimant. ' ohapteil xtv (continued). t The emphasis on tho Inst words wns v': torriblo. It dnrtod across ' Kathloen'a. miiid that hor father's property wns : not'.ontnilod ; nnd if this syron oli'oso to work upon his infntuntion, whnt would hnppon r Kitty know lioiv mother' a monoy,' nt lonst, wns snfo. MiiG-tuiiu mm uuuii nubbiuu uu ruiu, bo tlint ho roooivod tlio intorost yoarly, nnd' tlio prinoipnl would go to his ohildron nt his (loath. Another third . would go to Kilty liorsolf, . providod sho innri'iod with hor. pursuits', consent. Monmvhilo it nnd tho romnindor of % IV Mrs.' Thornton's property, wns in tlio ' hands of trustoos, who paid the in torost yenrly. it Ainrguorito . imviugcon una uo- signs on tho Squiro's proporty, ..hp oouid lonvo hor tlio. iTho Syonmoros nnd ovovy ponny of his own fortune; ; Ho could not lonvo hor ono ponny. of his wifo's; but if ho ohoso lio could rotain tho intorcst of two-thirds of it for his lifotimo. At nny rnto Yoro had four hundred a-yenr. That much wns snfo. For liorsolf Kitty onrod nothing, Sho know that Olnudo Mnitlnnd would wolcomo lior : to his-, heart if sho : brought him not a silver sixponoe. At Inst, sooing tlint Miss Bovington ox- , pootod an answov, sho said,.gravoly,— 'I cannot toll you wliy I dislike you. If you roooivod ovory . .ponny. of Mies Bovington's proporty tormov- row I should nut mind. I novor. wnntod it for Yoro. Ho novor wanted it for hiinsolf.' . ' How ..disinterested 1 Perhaps' you \- would bo so glad to soo Tho Syoa- lnoras froo of mo, thnt you would, not' " mind my enjoying tho Manor, and; that nocounts for your generosity ? ' , Kathloon novor doniod the ohargo. | . 'I am vory tirod,) sho snid, wearily- 'nud ovon you will ndinit I havo gonoj .through onough to try mo. I should ho glnd to bo nlono.' Presently,' roturnod hor tormentor, quietly. ' "\Vo hnd hotter understand: onoli othor first. I beliovo Mr. Yoro . Thornton is ou his way to England. Is it your iutontion to try to poison his mind ngninst mo ? ' You do not lcnow my brother. Yore is so innntoly just thnt if ho rooognisos you ns Mnrguorito Boving ton lie would sny so, even though you wore his most bittor onomy.' ' "Which I nui not.' Youhnvo soon -my brother, ' snid Ivntlileon, simply. ' You mny not re member him, but I know your fnoo niado no oommon impression on Iub s.fimoy. When Yoro oombs homo, Miss . Bovington, if you nro indeed., tho girl > lio mot on tlint moonlight night nt so, byon though it oost hiin a , fortune ton timos tho value of tho ono you clnim.' MissBovington looked at hor soaroh- ingly, and snid — ' It is absurd that my prospeots should rest just, on the ohanoo of a young mnii's roonlling n faco which lio saw onco for porhaps tliroo minutos! I produoo tho aertifionto of iny owu birth nnd my parents' mnvringo. I onn , show at lonst n dozen letters writton lo mo by my fnthor, Walter Bovington. It is .absurd nil thoso .'.should go for nothing, mid my wonlth br poverty bo at Mr. Yoro Thornton's decision.' . ' You nood not- linvo it so,' said , .'Kathleen,, gravely. 'As I -told ray fnfllftl' Incf lurrllf m<Mi Imtm nn Iinnl »vuv» SU'JV Mtglili) »UU UIVVU it \J 1UIII nood to await- my brother's return. His friend Kenneth Martin, who was with hiin nt Bansfontoin, is now in London. Ho would coino herb in a day if sent for.' ' ' And if I refuse to ncoopt suoli intorootod testimony — wlint thou?'. ' I supposo you havo only to bring . forward somoouo who know you in' ' Africa for the Marguorito Bovington described in tho certificates nnd papers. That is whoro the .difiloulty ' . lies. Dr. Bolton is a cnutions man. Ho would not naturally like to pay ovor , a .largo fortune unless hp wns oonvinood beyond all doubt tho recipient was tho rightful heiress 1 ' ' Ah 1 ' Baid Marguorito, as sho ' ! . ' paused, ' you liavo not nnsworod tny question. Is it wnr or ponco botwoon " us ? Do you monn to spook ngninst mo' to your brother, and persuade him : o vor to your views ? ' . ,'I shnll not even speak to Yoro of . .. tho. matter of your identity,. .1 shall ' toll him (nnd 1 romombor, please, you havo forced this from mo) of tho misery yoivbavo wrought in ouv home, nud of my onrnost wish thnt you should loavo it.' . ' Tho Sycamores doos not bolong to your brothor yot,' said Murguorito, with n scornful laugh. Thon, as she movod hor clinir, nnd so frood Kitty's rnssngo, ' You can go now. You invo told mo nil I wnnt to lcuow.' At sovon o'clook Kathloon Thornton loft tho Sycamores to go to tho Vicar- ngo. Jenkins would gladly linvo nc- coinpnniod hor, but tho Squire hnd fixod tlio dinner hour for sovon. Pnco boggod to wnlk with hor young lady, but Kathloon rofnsod. Sho knew porfeotly thnt hor fathor's anger would fall hoavily on anyone who nidod in hor Btolon mooting with lior lovor, and sho did not wish to bring tbo faithful mnid into troublo. Just nB tho Squire wns sitting down to dinuor his dnuglitor walked fonr- lossly through tho hall out into tlio grounds. And thon tho mystery bogan. Olnudo Mnitlnnd waited nt tho Yionrngo till midnight, but his fiancoo novor nrrivod. Dr. Bolton wns interrupted at his breakfast tho next morning by poor Jenkins, who onme to implore his aid. Miss Thornton had loft hor homo tho ovoning boforo at seven o'clock. Sho had novor since returned to it, nnd both lodgo-koopors doclared posi tively alio hnd novor passed through the gates. Tho Yicnr sent oil a messenger for Olnudo Mnitlnnd. Ho folt hor lovor tho host person to Bearoh for tho missing girl 1 OlIAVTEUXV. It was a. strange thing tlint Yoro Thornton, who usunlly enjoyed tho host of spirits, should havo boon troubled by gloomy thoughts on al most tho wholo of liis homeward vnvnn-A. fhfl mm'o so as he lmd 110 pause for dospondonoy, nnd, being an oxcollont snilor, thoroughly onjoyod tlio passage across tho ooonn. . Vpro wns. ono of thoso plonsnnt- apokbn young men who make friends everywhere, awl he won goldon onininns amontr his fellow- nnBsbnerors. , But though lio was always ready to join in any nmusomont thnt was going on — though the Onptain told hiui ho wns tho lifo of tho party — tho strango fnot remained that as soon ns he re tired to 1ub onbin -for the night his spirits begnn to flag, and ho was seized upon by tlio most unacoountnblo depression. Ho who in gonoral slept Iilca a top, ; had bad; nights and troubled dreams. Ho ' rarely passed a single night without a vision of homo, nnd in onoli ono lid hnd tho dim consoiousnoss thnt troublo ' hnd fallen on his family, though it never took . prodisely tho same form.' " Somotimos ' it would bo bis ;. mother's fnoo ho, saw, .-.pale.' nnd cold', . ns though tho fonturos wore onlm in death. At othors lio . would hoar Knthloen's voico imploring his nid, or olso the. figure of his fnthor on the very brink of a prooipioo, from whioh it soomed, nothing could save hira. .Tho .dreams took divers forms, but. all wore of Tho: Syonmores, and onoli bodod troublo. '.You look; lilcd a ghost ! ' said the ship's dootor, n vory ngroonblo young, officer, happening to moot Voro on dock boforo breakfast ono morning, and noticing bow wari nnd honvv his inoe wns. ' What ails you, Mr. Thorn ton? You look ns though you had seen n ghost.' , ' I boiiovo I liavo.' Dr. Smart stared; ' : . Oqmo in hero,' ho snid; ohdpvfally, : as thoy pnssod the door of his oabin; : ' nnd toll mo about it. You- nro tho ' first person who evoi- assorted the good Bhip. Persian " was haunted.'."'.. Tlioy wore within a fo'w hours of Mndoirn, and had loft Oape Town over a. fortnight, .quite '.long onoughi- for tho two young men — the dootor was about Yore's own ago —to become in: timnte; and there was real q'ouosrn in Honry Smart's faoe as ho folt 'Yoro Thornton's pulse. . ' "Why you liavo worked yourself up into a frenzy! What, on earth did you fancy you saw? It must have hnAn flnmnhlnnn1 riroftrifiil in move votl 80.' . 'It was bad onough! Look bore, Smart, I suppose I can trust you ? I don't want to be mado. tho laughing stock of the passengers, ' 09 I should be if thoy lionrd this.' .. ' Tho pasacrigors will hoar: nothing, from mo,' returned : tho young doctor, promptly. .' Now, what is it? I havo notiood onco or twice you looked depressed of a morning, but : never so bad as this.' ' I told you I hnd soon a! ghost. I ought to bavo snid I hnd hnd a bad dronin.' ; 9.. ' No ono boliovos,; in bad dronms nowndnys, nor good ouos oithor !': . ' No ! , How liinny nights havo we boon at sou, dootor ? ' : . i : : , . ' Tinat." iriirlifi wns' tho fiftfiSlltll. Xfc ;wns a fortnight yesterday sinoq wo left Onpo Town.' . , 'Ah, und what would you sny if I told you thnt ovory one of thoso fif- toon nights I hnd lind tho " bad dronms " you think so lightly of .' .: ' I should say you had, indiges tion.' '. :' " 'You linvo soon a good deal of mo, Smart. Should you oall mo n norvou3 man? Ami a fanoiful, imaginative oroftturo ? ' ; 'You " liiivo splondid ' nerves ! ' admitted Dr. Smart, '-.but really, yon know, instead of your dream ropoating itsoit. it may do t. more ellort . or raomory, and tho vision have appeared but onco.' 'I novor said tbo dream repeated itself! Evory night I dream of my home, and that thore is trouble thoro. Until last night I novor know tho form thnt troublo would toko. Somo timos I saw ono, somotimos another of my family. There wns always sorrow on their fnoos, but I novor guessed its nnturo until now.' ' 'And now?' Voro's fnco wns pnio ns mnrble ; nnd, at.rong innu as lie wns, ho shivered. ' I saw my mother lying murdered in n lonely pnrt of my father's grounds. I saw a man loan ovoi' hor nnd stnh hor in tho broast. His fnce was turnod away from mo. Ho wns a tall, thin man in a groy overcoat.' ' No wondor you are unnorvod. Yot, rest assured, it is only an Ugly vision. Who would bo likoly to murdor Mrs. Thornton ? ' ' No ono. Sho hnd not an onomy in tlio world,' replied Yoro, promptly; ' but, Smart, why should I dream con tinually of homo and troublo happen ing thoro without onuso ? ' 'You did not lonvo anyone in ill- health whon you snid good-bye. You liavo not had any bad news since you oamo out ? ' ' They wore all quite woll when I loft England in January. I hnd n lottor from my sister, urging mo to return quickly, boonuso sho hnd takon a groat disliko to ono of my father's guests ; nnd my return homo would probably bo tlio signnl for tho young lady's rioparturo, but that is hardly bad nows.' Dr. Smart could mnlto nothing of it. Ho said ho would givo Yoro a com posing draught boforo ho wont to bed, nnd thnt, ns tlioy should bo nt Mndoirn by noon, very likoly somo lottors thoro might relieve liis nnxioty. 7\. . - -rr_ i.l.1 1.—1 Mrs. xnornton nnu iyui.uiuuu imu not folt sure Yero would be nblo to catch tlint pnrtioulnr stoamor; but thoy bad both writton to Mndoirn on tho ohnnoes of it ; and besides, thoir letters tho young man found n short note from tho Yjoar. Yoro folt amazed. Dr. Bolton so seldom troubled himself about any thing beyond his parish. Perhaps it wns tho fqnr ho hnd writton to break bad nows which mnde tlio young mnn /tnrvn f1in nl Qrirtrm nn'fl IfitfiAV first of fill. It wns about a week old, nnd hnd evidently boon' writton under strong irritation. The Vicnr snid briefly Squiro Thornton wns porfeotly in fatuated with tho young lady who olniinod to be Marguorito Bovington ; hut that as co- trustoo ho liimsolf very muoli distrusted lier idontity. And he urgod Yoro, in tho interests of the truo heiress, not to acknowledge liis father's guest ns the girl ho had mot in Africa unloBS ho wns convinced of hor identity. ' It is strange, ' concluded Dr. Bol- ton, ' tlint your motuov ana ivninieou both distrust her. Thoy are too just to do so without strong oause. I am convinced the moment you return the Squire will try to win you over to his opinion. Considering tho enormous wonlth nt stake I wnrn you to be enre- ful. That, wns nil ; nnd with n Bigh of relief, Yore turnod to the other lottors. Kitty's, (is ho ; quite expected, wns a tirade ngninst tho " claimant," as she bhoso to call Miss Bovington ; hut. his mother's puzzled hira. Barely did Mrs. Thornton assort hor will in oon- trndiotion to hor husbnnd's. Bnroly, indeed, did sho interfere with any ohorished scheme of his ; but now, in a few touching lines, she told her son that his father hnd takon a strong desire to Bbe him married to Miss Bovington, nnd so unite the two estates, but that, if lio did, it would be to his mother a oruol griof. 'I sny nothing of this young lady's claims,', wrote gentlo Luoy' Thornton. ' Sho may he the rightful heiress, but I am certain sho is not a good;womnn. There is n secret in her life, nnd, I 'foarj a dark one. I think it would bo tho bitterest grief I linvo over known if ;I had to! reooivo hor ns your wife.' ' Yore; put tho lottors . a wny and snt ;down:on a deserted pnrt of tho doolc. The passengers wore somo of them nt lunch,' bomb had nlready started to en joy the delights of tho beautiful island. Crowds of Portuguese hnd bomo off to the ship with embroidered muBlin, basket-work, rings, nnd all tho othor trifles for which. Mndoirn is famous ; but Yoro wandered far from tho little crowd of purohasors, and sat down alone to ponder over his mother's lotter., ' Ho wiis young and thoughtless. but there wns one strange gift whioh everyone acknowledged ho had in herited from neither of his pnronts. Ho wnis a wonderful judge of chn- raoteri He was prone to toko likes and dislikes to people after seeing, them once or twioo, nnd his judgment lihd novor yet boon mistaken. Again and again at school and college ho had proved' right. Those he thought trustworthy beoamo his loyal, faithful friends ; those ho doubted turned out blnok .sheep indeed. Tho gift hnd boon his ovon from childhood, when ho oonooivod a violent disliko to n nurso who oamo to Tho Sycamores with the most satisfactory references. Tlio roforonoss provod forged, nnd she deoamped, after n few days, with all tlm a nvmiADil-rr aim nonlil lnu lmv hands on. Looking at the matter all round Yoro carao to ono firm oonolusion. If tho young lady who was making such a commotion at Tho Syonmores de served hi9 mother's disapproval, why, thon, sho was not tho girl ho hnd mot in the moonlight at Bansfontoin. He hnd novor forgotton tho swoot, wistful fnoo, tho sad, musical voico. Ho would havo staked his lifo that tho owner of that faco was loyal and true. Most probably his father had been takon in by somo specious adven turess. ' Anyway, I shall soon know 1 ' ho dooidod, with a sigh of roliof. ' Next Tuesday wo Bhall bo at Southampton. I shall ronoh homo tho following day ; and thon, in fivo minutos I can solve tho question.' It camo on hira with a disngroonhlo shock that if ho pronounced a vordict agninst tlio claimant ho exposed him self to the ohnrgo of morconary motives, since, failing any heir of hor cousin Walter, Eobocca Bovington had willod hor property to himself; hut his English common sonso re assured hiin. 1 I nuuil rml touch a shilling of tho monoy. I snw a Margunrito Boving ton iu Afi-icn, and sho is tiio iioiross. It is only fair that I should unmnslc nnyono who was trying to pass for hor. But oh ! I wish somoono olso had the job of breaking tho truth to my fnthor, if, as I expect, ho has boon making a gigantic mistako.' f'l'o be continued. J 