A iNight in a Cairo Bazaar. fy CAPTAIN 0. H. OZANNE, ORD N'ANCE STORE DEPARTMIENT. THE d?ny had been terribly hot. The /khamsin wind, which had becn blowing from the desert for some days, had taken all the spirit out of us. After a hard day's work-for it was during the Nile Expedition, and everyone was overwhelmed wit·h work-we were sit ting at dinner in the Esbkieih Gardens, trying to get cool. The wind had changed at sunsete, and the compara tively cool bresze made Santi's Res taurant a very pleasant retreat. Four df us were sitting together at one of the little tables, and, having dined, were leaning back in lazy en joyment of our cigarettes and contem plation of the scene before us. It was a band night, and the tables were filled with English officers in mess uniform, who were beginning to drop off in twos and threes in the direction of the band stand. White shirt fronts set off by scarlet kamarbands, worn instead of waistcoats, contrasted with the scarlet aend blue mess jackets of the different corps. Here and there an officer in whito drill, with an occasional Copt in black frock-coat and red fez, gave variety to the scene. The conversation was general, and the hearty laughter of English voices mingled with the guttnral tones of the Egyptians outiide, as they wandered round the ornamental lake hand in hand arrayed in white galabiehs, and now and again a burst of music reached us from the band on the other side of the lake. Someone at our table remarked how difficult it was sometimes to recognise faces, and how he had lately got into trouble' for passing a superior officer without recognition. Upon this Fitz gerald said that he had not experi eneed any stich difficulty, and that he waes certain he should recognise any one to .whom he had spoken for a rea sonable time under any disguise. He gave his opinion, as usual, so positively that I was irritated, and said, ' All right, Fitzgerald; I'll bet you an even sovereign that yov will talk to me and sit near me in broad daylight, and that you won't recognise me.' He accepted the bet, and I promised to carry it out in a week. The only stipulation he made was that I should not disguise myself as a native woman, for the Egyptian women cover their faces with a veil, which leaves nothing visible but their eyes. We then strolled off to the band, and joined a party of ladies. A few days after this Fitzgerald. and I rode up: the Monski,. and made our way through the noisy and jostling crowd to Hatoun's well-known shop, where we were warmly received by Hatoun, and offered coffee-such eoffee as is'not often tasted in England -sweet and black, and served up in tiny cups, which are nearly half filled with grdunds. Our syces had taken our pouies home, an& after a chat with Hatoun;, who speaks excellent English, and a survey of his latest designs in the way of folding-tables and brass trays, we strolled into the bazaars. On entering, we were met by Isaao, the lame Jewish boy, who usually acted as cicerone and interpreter. Like all his race, lease is a genius at a bargain, andl speaks seven languages with equal ficility and disregard for the niceties 'of grammar; at least, as for as my limited knowledge could follow him. e-Io has interpreted for me in many a bargain, and no doubt received back sthesh from both purchaser and ven dor; in fact, I believe he had a regular -soale of charges,based upon the excess over the real value paid by the custo, mer. I have sometimes fancied that I was a match for him, but on refeo tion I teel that I was as wax in his skilful hanas. We first visited the slipper bazaar, and chaffed H-assan, who sold rel and yellow slippers. Leaving him, and nodding to the smiling faces of various native acquaintance., we made our way to the shop of the Jew Cohen.- Here we were, as usual, pressed to take coffee or tea, which are always on hand, and which enter into every bar gain. Having asked hi, prices-for bazaar prices, like those of the 8lock Ex change, fluctuate hourly, depending, however, rather upon the appearance of the customer than upon political and other events-wa moved on to the brass bazaar. From this we soon re tired, deafened by the ceaseless clatter of the workmen who wcere engraving trays, hammering p-tterns on bowls and vases, and each trying to excel the other in the noise, they created. Our next visit was to the small carpet bazaar, which lies opposite to the brass bazaar. Here an old friend of mine, Mustapha by name, sold carpets, curtains, and saddle-bags, in a little den, Him I saluted with ' Izzayack (how are you), Mustapha ?' To which he replied with true Turk. ish dignity ' ILeltak l:ad ecea, ye see di (good even. ing, sir).' Mlustapha and I had had many a friendly fight over carpets, karaminis, jijims, and I had spent my money, and had picked up broken phrases from him and the pelyglot Isaac. After a few minutes' talk over his stock of carpets, I took advantage of some friends of Fitzgerald to tell him that I would meet him at Shepheard's hotel an hour later. As his friends had just arrived, I knew he would not leave the bazaars for some time. I had previously taken Mustapha and Isaac into my confidence, and I now slipped off with the latter and changed my uniform for the costume of a mer. chant, putting on a pair of grey mous taches and darkening my face slightly. A Turkish fez completed the costume. My nose is straight, and my face rather pale and thin, so that I made a very passable Turk. Mustapha bad a father, an old man, who generally sat and smoked while his son did the bargaining, and nodded assent before any terms were accepted. The old man was away, and it was my intention to personate him. Fitz gerald had seen him once or twice, but had not, I knew, observed him much. The old man is, I believe, now dead, but frequenters of the bazaars will probably remember him well. In a few minutes I entered the bazaar with a dignified step and bear ing, stooping slightly in imitation of the old Turk whom I represented. Taking a seat near Mustapha, I des patched Isaac in search of Fitzgerald, with instructions to tell him that Mus tapha had a carpet which he had kept to show him inmy absence, for Ikne?w that Fitzgeorald's great ambition was to possess a prayer-rug which would throw into the shade one that I had lately bought from Mustapha. Fitzgerald soon returnsed, eager to see the caryet. I saluted him gravely, keeping my seat as an old man would. I spoke in my most guttural tones and in Arabic, with which I had been primed, and at once returned to my water-pipe. Fitzgerald looked at me and gravely returned my salute, and, wishing me good evening, sat down near me in a chair placed by Isaac. He evidently took me for the old man whom he had been accustomed to see. Mustapha kept him in play for some time, leading him on by showing him variouna carpets according to his usual custom, and in answer to his impatient inquiries for the prayerrug, gravely putting him off with a wave of the hand, and the reply, '.Dilwl?kti b(ass, ya sea-di (directly Sir),' for MIustapha, hke all his nation, was a master of the art of procerastina tion. Now \and then Fitzgerald referred to me, hoping to put pressure on Mus tapha. To these requests I bowed politely, and muttered some words in Arabic in my beard. At last Fitzgerald got tired and left to join his friends, telling Mustapha to keep the carpet for him to see another day. Ihad won my bet, but I did not feel very hilarious, in spite of the congratulations of Mustapha and Isaac, who had an eye to back-sheesh. I had smoked a fair allowance of cigarettes, and on top of them had sucked at the isarghile for some ten minutes; and it was my first experience of this Oriental fraud. Every inhalation had made my head whirl, and I was much ex hausted as if I had rnn a mile, so violent is the effort necessary to draw the smoke into the lungs. Several times I had nearly choked, but had not dared to cough for fear of attracting Fitzgerald's attention too closely. As soon as he left, I asked MIusta pha if I might lie down for a while in his shop behind a pile of carpets, as I found his tobacco strong. .Belaughed, and I retired into his little den, and soon fell fast asleep, overcome, I strongly suspect, by opium in the tobacco How long I lay there- I know not; but on awakening I found everything dark, and I felt cold and miserable. I got up and groped about. Gradually I called to memory where I was. Mtustapha bad probably gone home early and forgotten all about me. This I afterwards found to be the case. He hail left word with his assistant to lock up at the usual hour, andid had for gotten to mention me. . After-feeling round the walls I found the door, and managed, with some difficulty, to draw the .bottom bolt and push it open. It was night, and all was still. What- was to be done? Everybody wasgone, and the boab (door-keeper) was no doubt fast asleep outside the main entrance of the bazaars, and there were two or three doors to get through before I could make him hear. I walked to the nearest door ham mered vigourously at it, and then paused. Still a silence like death. For nearly a quarter an hour I con tinued to bang at the door and shout, for I was hungry and cold, and was determined to get out of the place somehow. After a while I heard distant voices and approaching footsteps. Suddenly it flashed across me that I should be taken for a burglar, and that it would be no easy matter to explain in my very limited Arabic the cause of my being there in native costume at dead of night. It was very probable that they would, in Orieutal fashion, thrash me unmercifully first and ask ques tions afte~rwards, and I had no fancy for being thrashed by a lot of cowardly Egyptiau fellaheen. Moved by these considerations, I retired to my den, shut the doe fastened down the bolt, and awaiter events. From myretreat I could hea the excited voices of half a dozen natives as they cautiously peered into the dark corners, and poked about withlsticks, aud from the expressions I could catch they were clearly puzzled to make out the cause of the distur bance. Though I was angry and hungry, I could not help laughing at their re peated assurances to one another that it must have been ajfin (ghost). Afoter searching every corner, they went off and were about to lock the door. This did not suit me at all. I was determined not to be left to spend the night there, so I pushed open my door a ftw inches, and gave such an unearthly wail that I almost frightened myself. It was more than their fast oozing courage could stand. In a body they fled, as rapidly as they did at Tel-el Kicb'r. I cautiously followed, and finding the doors open- for in their haste they had not stopped to shut them-made my way to the Mouskii, which was now entirely deserted. I ran until I considered myself free from pursuit, and then, tired and hungry, made my way to my quarters. Here I was glad to get some biscuits and whiskey and water. Feeling much refreshed by these, it suddenly struck me that I might pay a visit to Fitz gerald, whose quarters were near mine. The door was open to admit all the air possible, as the night was very hot and close. By the faint light of early dawn, I saw him lying under the mosquito curtain with his arms tossed across his body as if he had nbt slept soundly, even now he was moving uneasily as if not quite asleep. Forgetting all about my costume, I walked up to the bed, and said in a tragic tone, 'Give me my pound !' I do not know whether Fitzgerald had recently been reading Shakes peare,'and was dreaming of Shylock and his pound of flesh, or if he merely took me for a robber, but in a moment he sat up, and I had just time to guess what he was at and make for the door, when he drew a revolver from under the pillow and fired. Luckily his aim was hasty, and he was half asleep. Thinking I had had enough adven tures for one night., I retired to my room before Fitzgerald could repeat his shot. In a few seconds I was in lied. The pistol shot had aroused the whole corridor, and I heard a great commotion as all the occupants of the adjoiningroomssearchedfor the robber. I laughed to myself as I curled up and went to sleep, thinking what fun I shouldhave the next day in chaffing them about tlieir unsuccessful search. I was awakened by the sun stream ing into my room, and getting up I dressed andhurried across the square to the mess, in search of breakfast. I found everybody full of the burglar, and many were the descriptions of his appearance, which was not surprising, as I knew that Fitzgerald was the only who had even caught the merest glimpse of him, and the others were drawing upon an excited imagination. My accurate description raised a general laugh of ridicule, especially when I confessed to having been in bed whilst the hunt went on. Fitz gerald only seemed to recognise the description, and turned to me, saying, 'Youmust have been dreaming of of that ruffian, Mustapha's father, whom you saw in the bazaar yesterday; you have described him exactly. 'But he wasn't there when I was with you,' was my reply. ' No, he came in after you left.' 'Then I couldn't well have seen him. By the way,' I added, 'you will ruin the the market if you go offering five pounds for that rug; it wasn't worth three pounds.' 'What do you know about that rug ?' ' I only know that you owe me one pound for your courteons Arabic.bad asit was, to say nothing of shooting at an intimate friend whom you would recognise under any disguise.' My story caused great amusement, and it was a long time before either I or Fitzgerald heard the last of it; * When I next day visited the bazaars Mustan:ha was full of the ghost story, and when I abused him for looking me up his Turkish dignity gave way, and he suddenly burst into a laugh-the first and the last I have ever known him guilty of-as the solu 'tion of the mystery dawned upon him. 