THE NOVELIST. ONE OF OUR CONQUERORS.* By Geohui: Moedith. CiiArTEn XV. TREATS OF NATI"HE AND CIRCFMSTAXCE AND THE DISSENSION BETWEEN THEM AND OF A SATIRISTS M ALIO NIT V IN THE DIRECTION OF HIS COFNTRV, There is at times in the hearts of all men of active life a vivid wild moment or two of dramatic dialogue between the veteran an tagonists, Nature and Circumstance, when they, whoso business it shoul'l lie to no joy fully one. furiously split; ami the J tame is up with her shrillest quorulousness to in quire of her offspring. for tlie distinct ori ginal motive of his conduct. "Why did he bring her to such a pass ! And what is the gain': If he he not an alienated issue of the great Mother, lie will strongly incline to her view, that he put himself into har ness to join with a machine going the dead contrary way of her welfare; and thereby wrote himself donkey, for his present reading. .Soldiers, heroes, even the braided, even the wearers of the gay cock's leathers, who get the honours and the pocket-pieces, know the moment of her electrical eloquence. They have no answer for her, save an index at the machine pushing them on yet farther under the enemy s line of lire, where they pluck the gulden wreath or the livid, and in either case listen no more. They glorify her top ping wisdom while 011 the march to 0011 it.imd it. she is wise in her way. But it is asked by the disputant—If we had followed her exclusively, how far should we have travelled from our starting-point? We of the world and its prizes and duties must do her an injury to make her tongue musical to us. and her argument worthy of attention.! -So it seems. How to keep tne proper balance between those two testy old wranglers, that rarely pull the right way together, is as much the task for men in the grip'of' the world as for the wanton youthful fry ' under dominion of their instincts: and pro bably. whc-11 it is done, man will have at tained the golden age of his retirement from service. Why be scheming? Victor asked. Unlike the gallant soldiery, his question was raised in the blush of a success, from an examina tion of the quality of the thing won; although j it had not changed since it was first coveted : it was demonstrably the same: an.l an as tonishing dry stick lie held, as a reward for perpetual agitations and perversions of his natural tastes. Here was a Dudley Sowerbv, the direct issue of the conception of Lake lands : if indeed they were not conceived together in one : and the young gentleman bad moral character, good citizen substance, and station, rank, prospect of a title: and the grasp of him was linn. Vet so far was it from hearty, that when hearing a professed satirist like Uolney Durance remark on the decorous manner of Dudley's transparent courtship of the girl, under his look for an awakened approval of himself, that he ap peared to be asking everybody:—Do you not think I bid fair for an excellent father of j Philistines ?—Victor had a nip of spite at the i thought of Dudley's dragging him bodilv to be the grandfather. Poor Fredi, too necessarily the mother: condemned by her hard fate to feel proud of Philistine babies ! Though women soon get reconciled to it ! Or do they ? They did once. What if his Fredij turned out one of the modem young women. | who have drunk of ideas? He caught him- J self speculating 011 that, as on a danger. The j alliance with Dudley really seemed to set him lacing backward. Colney might not have been under prompt- j nig of Natalv when he derided Dudley : but 1 \ ictor was at war with the picture of her, | in her compression of a cruel laugh, while her eyelids were hard shut, as if to exclude the young patriarch of Philistines' ridiculous 1 image. He hearkened to the Nature interrogating V-',T1 >. Av''-v had he stepped on a path to put division between himself and his beloved?) the smallest of gaps: and still the very I smallest between nuptial lovers is a division ! —and that may become a mortal wound to ' their own life. Why had he roused a slum-1 tiering world? Glimpses of the world's nurse-like, old-fashioned, mother-nightcap benevolence to its kicking favourites; its long-suffering tolerance for the heroic breakers of its rough cast laws, while the decent curtain continues dropped, or lifted only ankle-high ; together with many scenes, li vely suggestions of the choice of ways he liked best, told of things, which were better things, incomprehensibly forfeited. So tliat <he plain sense of value insisted on more than one weighing of the gain in hand; a dubious measure. He was as little disposed to reject it as to stop his course at a goal of his aim. Never theless, a gain thus poorly estimated could not command him to a do a deed of humilia tion on account of it. The speaking to this dry young Dudley was not imperative at present. A word would do in the day to come. Nataly was busy with her purchases of iurniture, and the practice for the great August Conceit. He dealt her liberal en couragements, up to the verge of Dr. The imson s latest hummed words touching Mrs. Burnian, from which he jumped in alarm lest he should paralyse her again: the'dear soul s dreaded aspect -of an earthly pallor was a spectre behind her cheeks, ready to rush forth.. Fenellan brought barling to dme with him : and Themison was confirmed by Calling, with incidents in proof; Carling by Jarnuuan, also with incidents: one very odd one—or so it seemed, in the fury of the first savour of it:—she informed Jamiman, bkepsey said his friend Jamiman said, that she had dreamed of making her appeiancc to hup on the night of the 23td AuXst, and of setting the date on the calendar over his desk, when she entered his room'" Sitting room, not bedroom ; she was always quite the tody, Skepsey reported his Jamiman Mrs. Burman, as a ghost, would respect her self ; she would keep to her character. Jami man quite expected the dream to be verified • she was a woman of her word; he believed' She hgd received a revelation of the ap proaching fact: he was preparing for the scene,! Victor had to keep silent, and discourse of irenera| prosperity. t His happy vivaciousness assisted bun to feel it by day. Nataly heard him ajbnight, on a moan: " Poor soul!" and Ioudlyf once while performing an abrupt demi-nuilt from back to side: "Perhaps now ]?I in A voice through doors. She 1 herself to breathe equably. * ag allowed to impart the distress w jr comfort be was charged with, lOWed it himBelf, and these were the an uneasy sleep was ave debate in -^.aVldney ladies," y would have cited Jimes, sbowiag it to be the worst ' At night, lying on his back {it lor darkness, one heavily fit of publishing this work hag been pur to proprietor* 01 "The Auehntocdan.^ | craped figure, distinguishable through the • gloom as a blot on a black pad. accused the answering darkness within hnn, until his ' mind was dragged to go through the whole i ease by morning light; and the eompas : sionate man appealed to common sense to ' stamp and pass his delectable sophistries : as. ' that it was his intense humaneness winch exposed him to an accusation of inhumanity; his prayer for the truly best to happen, which anticipated Mrs. liurman's expiry. I ; They were simple sophistries, fabricated to I ; suit his needs, readily taking and bearing the imprimatur of common sense. They I ' refreshed him, as a chemical scent a crowded ' room. ' i All because he could not open his breast j to Xataly by reason of her feebleness ; or , feel enthusiasm in the possession of young I Dudley ! A dry stick indeed beside him 011 ] the walk Westward. Good quality wood, 110 i doubt, hut dry, varnished for conventional j i uses. Poor dear Fredi would have to crown ' it like the May-day posy of the urchins of [ Cray Farm and Creckholt! I Dudley wished the great City-merchant ; to appreciate him as a diligent student of 1 commercial matters ; rivalries of Banks ; i Foreign and Municipal Loans, American ; Bails, and Argentine; new Companies of | wholesome appearance or sinister; or start ' ing with a drain in the stomach, or born to | bleat prostrate, like sheep 011 their backs in ! a ditch ; 'J rusts and Founders ; Breweries j bursting vats upon the markets, and England ; prone along the gutters, gobbling, drunk for 1 shares, and sober in the possession of certain 1 of them. But when, as Colney says, a grate ful England lias conferred the Lordship 011 , her Brewer, he gratefully hands- over the ! establishment to his country ; and both may disregard the howls of a Salvation Army of shareholders.—Beaten by the Germans in Brewery, too ! Dr. Schlesien lias his rightj to crow. We were ahead of them, and they j came and studied us, and they studied Che mistry as well; while we went 011 down our j happy-go-lucky old road; and then had to i hire their young Professors, and then to import their beer. Hare the Germans more brains than we English? Victor's blood up: to the dome of his cranium knocked the , patriotic negative. But, as old Colney says j (;and bother him, for constantly intruding !), j j the comfortably successful have the haJbit of j sitting, and that dulls the brain yet more than it eases the person : hence are we out paced : we have now to know we are race ing. Victor scored a mark for one of his projects. A well-conducted Journal of the sharpest pens in the land might, at a sacrifice j of money grandly sunk, expose to his English I how and to what degree their sports, and I their fierce feastings, and their opposition to j ideas, and their timidity in i egard to change, | and their execration of criticism applied to j themselves, and their unanimous adoption of it for a weapon against others, are signs of I a prolonged indulgence in the cushioned seat I Victor saw it. But would the people he j loved ? He agreed with Colney, forgetting ! the satirist s venom: to-wit, that the journal ists should be close under their editor's rod to put it in sound hold English ;—110 meta phors, 110 similes, nor flowery insubstan tial ity ; but honest Saxon manger-stuff: and put it repeatedly, in contempt of the disgust of iteration ; hammering so a soft place on the Anglican skull, which is rubbed in con sequence, and taught at last through sore ness to reflect—a journal?—with Colney Durance for editor?—and called conformably the Whipping Top ? Why not, if it exactly hits the signification of the journal and that which it would have the country do to itself,' to keep it going and truly topping? For] there is 110 vulgarity in a title strongly signi fying the intent. Victor wrote it at night, naming Colney for editor, with a sum of his money to be devoted to the publication, in a form of memorandum ; and threw it among tbe papers in his desk. Young Dudley had a funny inqnisitiveness | about Dartrey Fenellan ; owing to Fredi's re production or imitation of her mother's ro mantic sentiment for Dartrey, doubtless; a bit of jealousy, indicating that the dry fellow had his feelings. Victor touched off an out line of Dartrey's history and character—the half-brother of Simeon, considerably younger, and totally different " Dartrey's mother was Lady Cliarlotte Kiltorne, one of the Clanconans; better mother than wife, per haps; and 110 reproach on her, not a shadow; only she made the General's bank-notes fly black paper. And—if you're for heredity—the j queer point is, that Simeon, whose mother was a sober-minded woman, lias always Iteen the spendthrift Dartrey married one of the Hennen women, all an odd lot,all handsome. I met her once. Colney said she came up here with a special commission from the prince of darkness. There are women who stir the unholy in men—whether they mean it or not, you know." Dudley pursed to remark that he could not say he did know. And good for Fredi if he did not know, and had his objections to the knowledge! But he was like the men who escape colds by wrapping in comforters instead of trusting to the spin of the blood. "She played poor Dartrey pranks before he buried—he behaved well to her: and that says much for liim; he has a devil of a temper. I've seen the blood in his veins mount to cracking. But there's the man; because she was a woman, he never let it break out with her. And, by heaven, he had cause. She couldn't be left. She tricked him, and she loved him—passionately. I believe. You don't understand women loving Die husband they drag through the mire ?" Dudley did not He sharpened his mouth to the sour mute negative. "Buried, you said, sir?—a widower?' " I've no positive information; we shall hear when he comes back," Victor replied hurriedly. " He got a drenching of all the damns in the British service from his Generalissimo one day at a review; for a trooper's negligence—button or stock miss ing, or something; and off goes Dartrey to his hut; and breaks his sword, and sends in biB resignation. Good soldier lost And I can't complain; he has been a right-hand man to me over in Africa. But a man ought to have some control of his temper, especially a soldier/' Dudley put emphasis into his ncquiesence. " Worse than that temper of Dartrey's, he can't forgive an injury. He bears a grudge against his .country. You've heard Colney Durance abuse old England. It's three parts factitious—literary exercise. It's milk beside the contempt of Dartrey's shrug. He thinks we're a dead people, if a people ; ' subsisting on our fat,' as Colney says. " I am not of opinion that we show it;"ob served Dudley. " We don't," Victor agreed. He disre lished his companion's mincing tone of a monumental security, and yearned for Dartrey or Simeon or Colney to be at his elbow rather than this most commendable of .orderly .citizens, who. little imagined- the "treacherous revolt from~hitn ln^tfie~bo8oitt' of the gentleman cordially signifying full agreement. But Dudley was not gifted to read behind words and looks. They were in the park of the dwindling Sresa of carriages, aim here was this young •udley saying, quite oommendably; " It's a pity we seem to have no means of keeping our parks select." Victor Hung Simeon Fenellnn at- him in thought. He remembered a fable of Fenel 1 an's. about a Society of the West and the salt it was to them to discover an intruder | from below, and the consequent accelerated i measure in their hymning. ■' Have you seen anything offensive to you V he asked. " One sees notorious persons." Dudley spoke aloof from them—"out of his cold attics," Fenellnn would have said. Victor approved; with the deadened, feeling common to us when first in sad earnest we consent to take life as it is. He perceived, too. the comicality of his having to resign himself to the father embrace of goodness. Lakelands had him fast, ami this young Dudley was the. kernel of Lakelands. If he had only been intellectually a little flexible in his morality ! Hut no : he wore it cap-a pie. like a mediaeval knight his armour. One had to approve. And there was no getting awav from him. He was good enough to stay in town for the practice of the opening overture of the amateurs, and the .lluet-duet, when his family were looking for him at Tunbridge Wells: and almost every day Victor was waylaid by him at a corner of the Strand. Occasionally, Victor appeared at the point of interception armed with Coiney Durance, for whom he had called in the Temple, heut on self-defence, although Colne.v was often as bitter to his taste as to Dudley's. Latterly the bitter had become a tonic. We rejoice in the presence of goodness, let us hope ; and still an impersonation of eon volitional good ness perpetually about us depresses. Dudley drove him to Coiney for relief. Besides it pleased Nataly, that 'lie should be bringing Coiney home; it looked to her as if he were subjecting Dudley to critical inspection before he decided a certain question much, and foolishly, dreaded by the dear soul. That quieted her. And another tiling, she liked him to be with Coiney, for a clog on him ; as it were, a tuning- fork for the wild airs he started. A little pessimism, also, she seemed to like ; probably as an appeasement after hearing, and having to share, high flights. And she was. in her queer woman's way, always reassured by his endurance of Colney's companyshe read it to mean, that he could bear Colney's perusal of him, and satiric stings. Victor had seen these petty matters among the various which were made to serve liis double and treble pur poses ; now, thanks to the operation of young Dudley within him, he felt them! Preferring Fenellan's easy humour to Colney's acid, lie was nevertheless braced by the hitter's anti dote to Dudley, while reserving his entire opposition in the abstract, j For Victor Radnor and Coiney Durance were the Optimist and Pessimist of their society. They might have headed those tribes in the country. At a period when the omnibus of the world apnears to its quaint occupants to be going faster, men are shaken into the acceptation, if not performance, of one part or the other as it is dictated to them by their temperaments. Compose the parts, and you come nigh to the meaning of the Nineteenth Century: the mother of these gosling affirmatives and negatives divorced from harmony and awakened by the slight increase of incubating motion to vitality. Victor and Coiney had been champion duellists for the rosy and the saturnine since the former cheerfully slaved for a 6mall stipend in the City of his affection, and the latter entered on an inheritance counted in niggard hundreds, that withdrew a briefless barrister disposed for scholarship from the! forlomestof seats in the Courts. They had foretold of one another each the unfulfilled ; each claimed the actual as the child of his | prediction. Victor was to have lieen ruined long back; Coiney the prey of independent J bachelors. Coiney had escaped his harpy. | and Victor could be called a millionaire anil more. Prophesy was crowned by Colney's dyspepsia, by Victor's ticklish domestic position. Their pity for one another, their warm regard, was genuine ; ouly, they were of different temperaments; and we have to distinguish, that hi many estimable and some gifted hnman creatures, it is the quality of the blood which directs the current of opinion. Victor played-off Coiney upon Dudley, for his internal satisfaction, and to lull Nataly and make her laugh ; but lie could not, as she hoped he was doing, take Coiney into iiis confidence: inasmuch as !theiOptimist im pelled by his exuberant anticipatory trustful ness is an author, and does things; whereas the Pessimist is your chaired critic, with the delivery of a censor, generally an undoer of things. Our Optimy has his instinct to tell him of the cast of Pessimy's countenance at the confession of a dilemma—foreseen ! He hands himself to Pessimy, as it were a sugar cane, for the bout brute to suck the sugar and whack with the wood.—No, he cannot do it; be gets no compensation: Pessimy is invulnerable. You waste your time in hurl ing a common lu-quoque at one who.hugs the i worst. . ' i The three walking in the park, with their bright view, arid black view, and neutral view of life, were a comical trio. They had come upon the days of the unfanned electric furnace, proper to London's early August when it is not piping March. Victor com placently bore heat as well as cold: but young Dudley was a drought, and Coiney a drug to refresh it; and why was he stewing in London? It was for this young Dudley, who resembled a Loudon of the sparrowy roadways and wearisome pavements anil blocks of fortress mansions, by chance a water-cart spirting a stale water: or a London of the farewell dinner parties, where London's professed anecdotist lays die dust with his ten times told. Why was not Nataly relieved of her dreary round of the purchases of furniture! They ought all now to he in Switzerland or Tyrol. Nesta had of late been turning over leaves of an illus trated book of Tyrol, dear to her after a run through the Innthal to the Dolomites one splendid August; and she and Nataly had read there of Hofer, Speckhacker, Haspinger; and wrath had filled them at the meanness of the Corsican, who posed after it as victim on St. Helena s rock; the scene in grey dawn on Mantua's fortress-walls blasting him in the Courts, of History, when he strikes for bis pathetic sublime. Victor remembered how he had been rhetorical, as the mouth piece of his darlings. But he had in memory prominently now the many glorious pictures of that mountain- land beckoning to him waving him to fly forth from the London oven:—Jo, the Tyrolese limesome crags with livid peaks and snow lining shelves and veins of the crevices; and folds of pinewood undulations closed by a shoulder of bhow large on the blue; and a dazzling pinnacle rising over green pasture-Alps, the head of it shooting aloft as the blown billow high off a broken ridge, and wide-armed in its pure white jshroud. beneath; tranced, hut all motion in'immobihty, to the heart in the eye ■ a splendid image of striving, up to crowned victory. And see the long valley-sweeps of the hanging meadows of maize, and lower vineyards and central tall green spires' Walking beside young Dudley, conversing' observing too. Victor followed the trips aim j twists of a rill, that was hired n little further I down through scoops, ducts, and scaffolded , channels to serve a waimvright. He heard ; the mountain song of the joyful water : o | wrcn-rnhin-thrufch on the danee down of a j faun ; till it was caught and muted, and the silver foot slid along the channel, swift as moonbeams through a cloud, with an air of " ll'/iifher you triff, to if be on happy for service as in freedom. Then the yard of the inn below, and the rill-water twirling rounded through the trout-trough, subdued, still lively for its beloved onward : dues to business, dues to pleasure; a wedding of the two, and the wisest on earth : ehlike some one we know, ami Xnfuly has made the comparison. Fresh/o#v//en for lunch: rhyming to Fenellan, he had said to her: and that recollection struck the day to blaze; for his friend was a ruined military captain living on a literary '■"I"""" It I Mlfj VI I II lltVltll J quill at the time ; and Nataly's tender plead ing, "Could you not help to give him another bance, dear Victor?"—signifying her abso lute trust in his ability to do that or more or anything, had actually set him thinking of the Insurance office: which he started to prosperity, and Fenellan in it, previously an untutored rill of the mountains, if ever was one. I seless tobe dwelling on holiday pictures: Lakelands had hold of liim ! Colnev or somebody says, that the greater our successes, the greater the slaves wc become.—Hut we must have an aim, my friend, and success must be the aim of any aim!—Yes, and, says Colney. you are to rejoice in the disappointing miss, which saves you from being damned by your bullet the centre.—You rc dead a on the centre.—You re dead against Nature, old C'olney.—That is to carry the flag of Liberty,—By clipping a limb ! \ ictor overcame the Pessimist in his own royal omnium-Court. He entertained a pro nounced dissension with bachelors pretend in" to independence. It could not be argued publicly, and the more the pity:—for a slight encouragement, he would have done it; his outlook over the waves of bachelors and ijty present conditions mostly constrained) spinsters—and another outlook, midnight upon Phlcgethon to the thoughts of men, made him deem it urgent And it helped the plea in his own excuse, as Colney pointed out to the son of Nature. That, he had to admit, was true. He charged it upon Mrs. Burinan, for twisting the most unselfish and noblest of his thoughts: and he promised himself it was to cease 011 the instant when the circum stance, which Nature was remiss in not bringing about to-day or to-morrow, had come to pass. He could see his Nataly's pained endurance beneath her habitual submission. Her effort was a poor one, to conceal her dread of the day of the gathering at Lake lands. On the Sunday previous to the day, Dr. 1 hemison accompanied the amateurs by rail to A\ rensliam, to hear trial of the " acoustics " of the Concert-hall. They were a goodly company : and there was fun in the railway carriage over Colney's description of Fashion able London's vast octopus Maladv-monster, who was Jetting the doctor fly to the tether of its longest filament for an hour, plying suckers 011 him the while. He had the look, to general perception, of a man hut half escaped ; and as when the notes of things taken by the vision in front are being set down upon tablets in the head behind. Victor observed his look at Natal.v. The look was like a door aswing. revealing in concealing. She was not or did not appear struck by it: perhaps, if observant, she took if", fnr a luiGr nnvfooctrovnl i. _»• j it for a busy professional gentleman's holiday reckoning of the hours before tiie return train . , JO vMwwiuinivrt, CIiv IClUlll vldlll to his harness, and his arrangements for catching it. She was, as she could lie 011 a day of trial, her enchanting majestic self again —defyuig suspicions. She was his true mate Jorbreasting a world honoured in uplifting . Her singing of a fduet with Xesta called forth Dr. Themison's very warm applause. He named the greatest of contraltos. Colnev did better service than Fenellan at the luncheon-table: lie diverted Nataly and) captured Dr. Themisou's ear with the narra-! tire of Ins momentous expedition of Kuropean 1 Emissaries, to plead the cause of their several languages at the Court of Japan: a Satiric Serial tale, that hit incidentally the follies of the countries of Europe, and intentionally, one had to think, those of Old Kngluud. Nestu set him going. Just when he was about to begin, she made her father laugh l»y crying out 111 a rapture, "Oh! Delphica." For she was naughtily aware of Dudley Sowerby s distaste for the story and distrust with the damsel Delphica. Nesta gave Dr. Themison the preliminary sketch of the grand object of the expedition : indeed one of the cmiuinent ones of the world ; matter for an Epic ; ;Uiough it is to be feared, that our part in it will not en courage a Cis-Atlontic bard. To America the honours from beginning to end belong. 1' n» Japan has decided to renounce its language, for the adoption of the language it may choose among the foremost famous European tongues. Japan becomes the word tor miraculous transformations of a whole IMJonle at the stroke of a wand ; and let our English enrol it as the most precious of the powerful verbs. An envoy visits the princi pal beats of Learning in Europe. He is of a gravity to match that of his unexampled and all but stupefying mission. A fluent bnguiBt, yet an Englishman, Hie slight A men can accent contracted during a leimth encd residence iii the United States is no bar to the patriotism urging him to pay his visit of exposition and invitation ftom the Japanese Court to the distinguished Doctor of Divinity Dr. Bouthoinr The renown of Dr. Houthoin among Hie learned caused the special invitation to liim , a scholar endowed by an ample know ledge and persuasive eloquence to cite and instance as well as illustrate the superior advantages to Japan and civilisation in the filial embrace of mother English. "For to "•to® it must come predestinated," says the uucwr. Ana an Island England in those waters will do wonders for Commercte," adds the former. " We think of thinra more pregnant" concludes the latter, with " dry gleam of ecclesiastical knowingness And let Hie editor of Hie Review upon his recent Efm And1 f?diet t'le Pfdtte reprimanding nire iwi i neM'spapers criticising his ET *,on> have ? care1 Funds, umver SMieat1DrSunfVl,?i"g^f cred<?»ttol8, are placed at Dr. Bouthoin s disposal: oniv it is be Set "anl?Lthe P?58®"' the exPedition »>e secret. Better so," Bays pure Saxon's champion. On a day patented for secrecy, and Bwearmg-in the whole American Conti nent through the cables to keep the secret by declaringthe patent, Hie Kcv. Dr Houthoin accompaniedby his iuratefSe across portmanteaus other fidwJ fe?i,COnB-and dictionaries and otiier tubes of the voice of Hermes takes possession of berths in the ship Polypliemc, bSest ndvin? mutua,,y WPceive, for thel S&ShfS;*? o'er embarked on by a .. ugbted, higli-tlioughted, patriotic pair speaking pure Saxon or other. 1 avoidedythA^«of«aP°l0g'e8 'ds hearers, °,f oar Period (called the isUc) to create, when casual opportunity offers, a belief m the narrative by proinotiiw nausea in the audience. He passed under veil the ltev. Doctor's acknowledgment 0f Neptune's power, and the temporary collapSe of Mr. Semhians. Proceeding at once to the comments of these high-class missionaries 11. w. ei»:oe ingn-ciass missions,in the really curious luquisitiveness of ols<?11 of the foreign passengers on hoard duced to them the indisputably IeaV e,i ^°" very argumentative, crashing pedantic, dogmatic, philological gentleman. Dr. Gannius, reeking of the Tan tonic Professor, as a library vol»i,,i T°.u" leather. With liiin is his fair-haired lts daughter Delphica. An interesting ss for the begu'ilement of a voySiZ"1'16 beautifully moderates his irascible hS;,8 0 ness! \ et tliere is a strange tone tl.nt n have. What, then, of the pol^tRley dotic Gallic M. Falarique, who 'sttuiin T engages the young lady 111 collorniv v.iI y Mr. Semlunns is agitating outside tlJ.,, .u say a word ? What of that out-n<w 0 explosive, equally voluble 'uncontr.'ne i?' Dobinikine, a Mongol fcussian featured, hued like the pot-boiled, ioumlS tight young dumpling of our primitive C hood, which smokes on the dish 1Y0,,, YT pot? And what of another, hitherto^ noticed, whose noseisof the hooked vultnri. whose name transpires as Pisistratus Mwi rete ? He hears Dr. Routhoin declaim so f" lines of Homer, and beseeches him for t disignation of that language. Greek k Greek of tlie Asiatic ancient davs of ti beginning of the poetic chants ? Dr Gnnnii crashes cachinnation. Dr. Boutlioin himself with the offended Don. Hr Semhin opens half an eye and a whole mouth Tlil,n must be a mystery, these two exclaim to on* another in privacy. Delphica draws itl Semhians aside. Blushing over his white necktie, like the coast of Labrador at the transient wink of its Jack-in-the-box \twllo Mr. Semhians faintly tells of a conversation lie has had with the ingenuous fair one • and she anient as he for the throning of' our incomparable Saxon English in the mouths cf the races of mankind. Strange'—she partly suspects the Freuchman. the Hussian the attentive silent Greek, to be all of tlieni bound for the Court of Japan. Concurrents' Can it l>e ? We are absolutely to enter on a contention with rivals? Dr. Boutlioin6peaks to Dr. Gannius. He is astonished, lie savs • lie could not have imagined it! " Have vou ever imagined anything?" Dr. Gannius asks liim. Entomologist, botanist, palaeontologist philologist, and at sound of horn a readv regimental corporal, Dr. Gannius wears good manners as a pair of bath- slipiiers, to rally and kick bis old infant of an Englishman ■ who, in awe of his later renown and manifest might, makes it a point of discretion to he ultra-amiable; for lie 'certainly is not in training, he has no alliances, and he must diplomatise; and the German is a strong one ; a relative too: he is the Saxon's cousin to say the least. This German has the habit of pushing past politeness to carry his argu mentative war into the enemy's country: and he presents on all sides a solid rampart of recent great deeds done, and mailed readi ness for the doing of more, if we think of assailing him in that way. We are really like the poor beasts which have cast their shells or cases, helpless flesh to his beak. So we are cousinly. Whether more amused than amazed, we know not, Dr. Gannius hears from " our simpleton of the pastures," as lie calls the ltev. Doctor to his daughter, that lie and Mr. Semhians have absolutely pushed forth upon this most mighty of enterprises naked of any hacking from their Government! Babes in the Wood that they are! a la grace de dtcu at every turn that cries for astutia, they show 110 sign or symbol of English arms behind them, to support—and witli the grandest of national prizes in view!—the pleading oration before the Court of the elect, erudites, we will call them, of an intelligent, yet half barbarous, people; hesitating these, Ix'tween eloquence and rival eloquence, cunning and rival cunning. Why, in such a case, the shadow-nimbus of Force is needed to decide the sinking of the scales. But have these English never read their Slialyican, that they show so barren ail acquaintance with human, to say nothing of semi-bar baric, nature? But it is here that we Ger mans prove our claim to being the sons of his mind.—Dr. Gannius, in contempt, tlirows off the mask: he also is a concurrent. And not only is lie the chosen by election of the chief Universities of his land, he lias behind liiin, as Athene dilating Achilles, the clenched fist of the Prince of thunder and lightning of his time. German, -lapan shall lie! lie publicly swears before them all. M. Falarique damascenes his sharpest smile ; M. Bobinikine double-dimples his puddingest: M. Mytharete rolls a forefinger over his beak; Dr. Boutlioin enlarges his eye 011 a sunny mote. And such is the masterful effect of a frank diplomacy, that when one party shows his hand, the others lind the reverse of con cealment in hiding their own. Dr. Bouthom and Mr. Semhians are compelled to suspect themselves to lie encompassed with rivals, presumptively supported by their Govern ments. The worthy gentlemen had hoped to tumble into good fortune, as in the blessed old English manner. "It has even been thus with us: uulielped we do it!' exclaims the Rev. Doctor. He is roused from dejection by hearing Mr. Semhians shyly (he lias pub lished verse) tell of the fair-tressed Delphica s phosphorial enthusiasm for our galaxy 01 British Poets. Assisted by Mr. Semhians, he begins to imagine, that he has in the person of this artless devotee on ally, who vv','' through her worship of our 1 oeta treachery to her sire—a small mutter j Mcriiice her guttural tongue, by enabling him(throug the exercise of her arte, charms, intngu«— also a small matter) to obtain the fire audience of the Japanese erudites.—Deipnica> with each of the rivals in turn, is very pretty Comedy. She is aware that M. ^u]ftr9. p is her most redoubtable adversary, by w time that the vast fleet of steamboats ( taining newspaper reporters) is belieia 1 the decks of thed'olypnemc pufhng past ban y Hook. . ,, There CoJney left them, for the next111s mcnt of the serial. ... , Nesta glanced at Dudley Sowerby. Shell liiin for iiis {mined frown .at the pa countrymen were made to play, hut dm that he would keep from expressing,t. t. countenance thatjsuggested a;W°r"™ ' ^ and mischievously Bne' said s Do > ou ta Delphica?" ' • "I lie replied, with an evident smcer )» cannot say I do." , „ , ,.;mi Had Mr. Semhians been modelled on him ^ " One bets on the German, of c01"[s M.i.emi. Colney Durance," Victor said to Dr son, leading him over the grounds 0 "In any case, the author teachesnsto^ an interest in the rivals. I want to Kim what comes of it," said the doctor. ^ " There's a good opportunity, one Hut, mark ye, it will alf end n| ^ .ncy we poor Old England. According to Coinc), excel in nothing." .. •_ v0iceBl " Ah, my friend, and you like the The contralto?" Radnor, "ghall wo see von at our next concert rrpiiin'' iii •" s,,i.d vict®r; ,™«i hearing V I m-ivilege " mentioned, his sharp, bright J* cleared to limpid. V ou have seen P ... h stands with us Iierc ! At once he hted what. indeed, Dr. Thetnison hud Pe'um speculatively to think might be the Clfllrs jtnnnaii Jlmlnor had dropped words dueliiii" 11 huslwniJ, and of Jier desire to niinninnieafe with him, in the event of her Priii" given over to the surgeons: she hod ';,iatiuit her Jinsband was a greatly-gifted liiair selling her head in a compassionate 'in''. 'J'Jiis revelation of the husband soon •ifter,"V;ls iiJiing" And this Mr. J'adnor'B comrade's miinncr of it, was winning: a not too aelt'-jusiifying tone; not void of feeling for the elder woman ; with a manly eulogy of the vnunger, who had Hung away the world for liim and' home hiiu their one dear child. Victor f"olc the blame, wholly upon himself. " It is right that you should know," he said to the doctor's thougiitful posture: and he stressed the blame ; and a liamc shot across j,is eyeballs. He brought home to his hearer the hurricane of a man he was in.the passion: indicating the subjection of such a temperament as (his Victor llodnor's to trials iif the moral restraints beyond his human power. _ . l)r. Tliemisou said: Would you—we postpone that, as Jong as we can; but sup posing the poor lady • • ••" Victor broke in: " J see her wish: I will." The clash of his answer rang beside Dr. TJiemison's label ing query. We are grateful when spared the con rliisioii of a sentence born to stammer. If for that only, the doctor pressed Victor's hand warmly. ,;I may. then, convey some form of assurance that ai request of the kind will be grantedhe said. ' She has but to call me to her."' 6aid Victor, stiffening his back. 