Penguin. A concert in aid of the funds of the Rifle Hall took place in the hall last Saturday night, before a good audience. The proscenium had been decorated in a very tasty and suitable manner by Copt. H. G. Brown and Corporal W. Brown. Tbe flrafc'narfc of the nroeramme consisted of the usual'burnt cork' circle bueines s, '.he corners being filled by Messrs. J.' Bruce, Sen'., (Tambo) and J. Bruce, Jun., (Bo.ies); Mr Webster still occupying his old position as ' Mossa Johnson,' Messrs. W. Spinfcs and G. Brown doing good service as violinists. Proceedings commenced with an opening chorus, ' Laugh and grow fat,' which was weir rendered, and succeeded in putting the audience in good humor, judging by the applause accorded the item. ' white Wings,' by Mr W.' Hall, was well 6ung, and well merited tho applftuae it gained. ' Me and Martha Ann,' by Bpnes, went well, and was;followed by ' Norine Maureen,' by Mr Wade, receiving a decided' encore, which wasrespondedto by repeatingone verse. The next item, ' Razors in de air,' was given in Tambo's best style, and met with hearty ap plause. 'America's Emblem, the violet,' was billed to be sung by banjo (Mr W. Brown),' but as|he , was, indisposed, ' John son' sing it in a manner which' won hearty applause. '' Angelina Baker,' by Bones, was the next item, also well received, fol lowed by 'Elsie of the glen,' by 'John- son,' who received an encoie for his rendi tion of this pretty eong. , 'The nig.thaS's alias leughin,' by tambo, was amusing, especially the finale, in which a ghost' and tambo figured prominently, to the great merriment of the audience. After a short interval the second part opened with an instrumental trio by Messrs. Splnks and G. Brown (violins), and C. Webster (co cer tina), which had to be repeated in response to a unanimous demand, and only narrowly escaped a second encore. An 'ex- ploBive '. farce, ' Nitro-glyceriue,' by Messrs. Brace (2), Hall, and Stott roused the riaible faculties of the audience to their utmost »xtent. Mr Webster was very successful in a character hong, '-Come down and open the door, love,' as was also Mr lirennan in his step dancing. The next item should have been a stump oration, bu from some unknown cause ' Brudder Stanton' did not turn up The entertainment concluded with an original plantation scene in two acts, in which 'Climbing up the golden stair,' ' Put on the golden a word' (localised), and ' Going home to Dixie' were well rendered by tbe full strength of tbe company. A ver*e of the National Anthem by the com pany concluded a pleasant entertainmeut, and resulted in adding over £6 to the funds of the hall. Miss Dale played the accom paniments in her usual able manner, thus greatly assisting ' The Penguins' in pro ducing such pleasing harmony, the clioruties being especially very effectively rendered. January 6 