A (RHP A 'POPTTFiT Bt The Flaneur. Premier Parkes introduced bis Bogie Woman to the Assembly on Thursday last, and it was at once discovered that she was a twin sister to the old Kiama Ghost. She proved to be a Etraw stuffed, rag-cheated, wooden-legged old dress maker's dummy, dragged in for the sole purpose of thwarting useful legislation. Sir Henry's weak wandering speech clearly told that he had no faith in her himself, but she served his pur pose for the time bdng, and there his trouble ended; although the senseless, sinful waste of time cost the country a matter of .£230 for the night's sitting. Woman is a them 9 upon which almost every man can wax eloquent, but our Ihursday night orators were simply windy. The Bogie Woman was too palpable a fraud for even the poets of fche House to eathus? over ; but atrange to say, ahe inspired ' G'en Innes' Hut. chisou to such an exfceat that he made the first sensible speech ever heard fcom his lipa since he waa foolish enough to take to politics. 'I hope,'' said the new-born Solomon, ?? that this is the laBt time the Premier will intercept important mea sures with a motion of this- character. I am inclined to take a charitable view, however, and say he is nowp3afc the time of comprehending the situation and meeting the requirements of the people in respect to useful legislation.' Such a sud den awakening of! wisdom in a quarter so wholly unexpected fairly paralysed the House, and I ven. ture to think it has never been equalled since the day that Balsam Bat up stiff ia hig saddle while his mule made a few remarks on the plain 0° Moab. Amongst the many chunks of useless informa tion thrown at Mr. Speaker's head, one of Sir Henry's deserves special mention, as it bears out, iu some degree, Mr. Hutchison's assertion that the Premier is too old for anyihin.? useful now aad should be promptly bliatered and turned out to gra a'. ' Women,' said Sic Henry in his most solemn tone, ' Women are responsible beings just the same as men.' Only he wa3 pressed for time he might have hazarded another astounding asserbion to the effect that ' woni;n — :speci'.lly female wom?n, ea1; and drink, aad wear clothes and occa sionally talk rot just fcb.3 same as men.' In the way of profound research and complete mastery of the more subtle details of this abstruse subject, however, the Premier had to t%ke a back s^a-, when Mr. ' Canterbury ' Danahey struck the floor. This very new member started off with tbe modest a^sertioi that he 'knew as minh of the world as most in 311 of bis age did,' and he ' hai seen women in every sphere of life/' which reminds me of the wag who said that woman's greatest sphere in lice is that her hat isu't on straight at the bick. Having thus prepn'ad tbe House for the astounding revelation he was about to make the much-'xperienced D^nahey s)lemnly declared thab he ' wou'd never forget that his mother was a woman !' John Haynes might boast that he was never born at all, but that some person won him afc a church bazaar raffle, or Andy Kelly might assert that he simply ' growed,'' like Topsy, but a Danabey would never forget that his mother was ' a woman.' Mr. Danahey also held that ' women are the equals of men in Gvcrythiag, whether it relates to the nuiBcle or tha brain, or anything ehe, and when it cornea to pure brain work, women are our siferior in most casec.' Aa Sir Homy Pai'kes made a fcimilar assertion, I rise oil behalf j of my downtrodden oosto declare that for longth, b£-?Rd.tli- height, depth , and general inasiiivemssa | of construction that ia the most stupendous chunk of rubbish ever eaiptied on the floor of the House. Women are not tbe equal of men in brain or muscle, ani true, san3ible women never cla'm that they nro. Women aro not built that way, to begin with, and Mr. Danahey will find this out fo his coeb if he ever stands within 500 yards of a woman who is pelting bricks at a goat that happens to be picnioking in hep front garden. The reason a woman can't throw a brick straight is not duetto her ignorance of fche ' knack' of throwing, but simply because the collar-bone of the feminino anatomy is some inches longer and is set some de grees lower than in the masculine frame. This com pels a woman to throw with her whole arm rigid, instcid of with the full and free use of the arm. I know all about this, bscau3e I was once knocked senseless by a very learned lady who was 'shot- ting' blue metal at a hen, and yet I waa standing behind tho thrower and had the shelter of a two story house and a haystack betweca U3 also. Sir Henry Parkes's aoeertion that women are men's equals ia brain power proves the truth of ?' Glen Innes' Hutchison's lament that the Premier is growing' tome what 'balmy.' The experience of the worll for 6000 year3 shows man always leading, inveatiag, working, pushing onwardo, ever in advance, and woman never — save in few exceptions that merely prove the rule. Man invented the needle for woman's benefit, and the fact that he can beat her in the use of ic is. mo3t emphatically proved by the marvellous needle work turned out by Indian men, and by the wages our own tailors pay to workers of bjth sexes. Cjokery is another of the fine arts ia which man has done his best to educate wo arm up to the highest pitch, and yet, all the world over, the chefs in even the smallest restaurants are men; while in fche washee-v/ashee business no female artist can come within coo-ee of the heathen Chow. In literature what woman can be menbToaed in the same breath as Homer, Shakespeare, or Dante ? In painting would it not be blasphemy to speak o? any woman as being fib to even wash the brushes of: Raphael, D-a Yinc', or Corre^io ? In music, an art in which wotnan'a education has been wider, more general, aad longer sustain :d than in any other, we find she makes the grea'esb failure of all. Rosaini used to sw, 'Music is of the masculine gendoF—- there can never be a female composer/' And there has never yet bsen a mniia who could compose a musical work fit to be played even by the Foo-Poo bands of the Salvation Army. A few olush-and-slobber ballads of fche suburban drawing room school are tbe highest flights o£ female genius in this line ; but it; takes men to wri'e a 7:- Mecsiah, Mdelio, Creation, and Don Giovanni, The straight truth is—God never intended women fco be workorss but to be the houeewivea and helps meet fur men, inspiring, aiding, aad toothing them as the humour required, but never entering into rivalry againat them. Sir Henry Parkes and several other members who appeared to be very thoroughly mis- informed upon the subject, laid particu'ar stress upon the suitability of women for the telegraphic service. Now, thic is a matter upon which I really atn torn lifctle authority. When ladies were first intro. duced to telegraph work in this coloay I taught some of them and I worked with all, and I can fcruly say that the best of them were never able fco rank as even third-class operators. To be a first class telegraphist one requires to have a firm bufc delicate touch and a good ear for time — tune is immaterial. One would think that these are mat° ters which nearly every woman possesses, hut such is not the caae. S;o:es of male operators here can rattle oil 60 ordinary messages an hour. I don't believe any of our lady lightning rulera can send 30, while receiving by sound is aa im possibility for them. Telegraphic work is ruin ous to the nervous system, the strongest male operators breiking down after from 3 years to 5 ye ra' eervice on busy lines, so that nothing heavier than the duties of a small suburban station can be thought of for women. Afc presont 1 here is a vacancy, I belli ve, for a telegraph line repairer. Will our Wo nan Franchise Commifcfcee select a lady applicant for thp billet ? I am sure the courteous Dan woul I grant it at once, and it would bo somewhat iafc r.-sfcing fco watch fche lady climber's first efforts on 5 20ffc. pole in George street. Mr. O' Sullivan believes that a woman should have a voto ' becausj she possesses charity and purity,', but I am afraid a few years' political campaigning would soon alter thafc. Mr. O'Sulli van would even like to see a woman bitting beside him in the House, and he swelled visibly before fche Speaker's eyes with loyalty as he proudly pointed tothe fact thafc 'we have to day afc the npes oi' the Government oC England a woman aifc« tin*; administering the affairs of State.' Only for the lateness of fche hour the great democrat I would probably have favoured fche House with a | atave oE ' God save the Queen1' by way of show- I ing his ' unswerving loyalty to tho throne/' but I ifc waan'fc fcoo late for Borne one fco inform him I , that -the Jady ou toj) of the apes haa about as much to do with ruling the State as the ubiqm ?touB 'iTom Collins' has. The Chevalier D'Eon shrewdly said—-' So long as a kingdom i3 under the domination of a woman, all will go^ wdl. Why? Besause it is the a that man will go vern' S( range fco say neither Jack Want nor Harry Levien n ir any of the Sunday Scho.l class of m»mberj thought of referring to the Bible for a diciiion a3 to whither woman is entitled to equality with man in all things or not. St. Paul evidently held contra* y view» to Sir Henry, for he told the Epheuan wives to ba ' Eubject to their husbands in all thinge.' And this reminds me oE a genius who discovered that there was a strong probability of the word 'tail' having been used in the earliec Biblical accounts of the Creation instead of the word ' rib.' The Rabbins believed that woman was made out oC the tail ?with which they held man to have been at nrsu endowed. This inspired the rollicking Muse of Tom Moore to describe ho.v ' old Adam was fashiouei with a tail like a monkey full yard and a span ; and when Nature cub off the appendage behind, why, then woman was made of the tail of the man.' This theory U not likely to find much favour with enthusiasts like Mr. Danahey, neither is it likely to b9 posted up on tha walls oE the Wo;nan Suffrage Club; but Moore twisted it to good account, and in another verse argued— ? If suck is tlio tie botweau women and mon, Tha niunio who weda is a. pitiful elf, For be takes to hi3 tail liko au idiob again, Aud makes a deplorable ape of himself. Yet, if we may judge as tbo passions prevail, Every husbaud remembers tbe original plan, And knowing bis wife is no more than his tail, 'Why, be leaves her babiud him as much as be can. It is to be hoped that the Labour Party now see ?what a nice old porcupine they have to ' squeeze ' in the person of Sir Henry. The Premier's sole intention »ao to fix up the Electoral Bill bo that he coull make a brave show of supporting it and at the same time ensure its being kicked out by the Upper House. The Upper House dare not capsize the proposal for abolishing plural voting, because in that case the country would rise and promptly abo.i3h the Upper House itself*. By encumbering the Bill with the absurd Female Suffrage clause, in which the country tikes no more interest than it would in a dead cat, Sir Henry could give the Council a capital excuse for firing out the whole measure, which would suit Parkes's book remarkably well, and also enable him to pose as the man who would grant the Labour Party anything, but whose generou3 de signB were always thwarted by those hard hearted tyrant-s upstairs. It was very appropri ate that the fir.it 'squeeze' was made in the alleged interests of the ladies, but surely the screw-wrench party will not allow itself to be diddled and done for again. 