The Picture of Bad' Luck T [By ' Smileu.'] [Author of ' Wanderings of! ft Simple Child,' ' On the Barrier,' ' Partners,' ' Big Dick's Mate,' &c;, &o.J; (Specially Writxek i'or the ' National Advocate.') ClIAI-TEfl XVI. IT. MUST IIAYK BEEN JACK. ?' You know the face, don't you, Asth. ? ' asked Hie ' Picture.' ' No,' lie replied ; ' I do not.' The ' Picture ' smiled sarcastically as she locked up tlie portraits, for she knew well that the American had lied to her. Aslhorath soon left the 'Picture' to herself that night, for his heart was ?full of bitterness, and he resolved that lie would shake oil' this woman's unholy thraldom and return to his native country. He drank very deeply for the next few days, and the whole camp knew that there was trouble of some sort, brewing, for no one had known Astho-. rath to seek comfort from the .'whiskey; bottle as he now did. One day he called in a little fellow by the name of .Seotty Linton, an auctioneer; and gave .?him instructions to sell up. all his goods, mining scrip, horses, land and effects. Seotty Linton was a highly privileged person on- the tin— fields. He had first made his appear ance in that part of the world lumping along a heavy pedlar's pack full of all sorts of odds and ends. He had tramped all the way from the ' City of Churches,' sweet, pretty, little Adelaide, with that pack, and his blanket as well, and the terrible bush journey, over rough and rugged tracks, had not daunted the game little fellow. After that he came out as a knock-about lia'nd in a saleyard, and then he did a bit of prospecting. He fell in with a ?fellow 'who was a Fairly well educated man, and the two became, chums, and .Spotty began to educate himself. He next blossomed forth into a vendor of scrip, and at last came out us a real full-fledged auctioneer and sharebroker. He was a smart, honest, square-dealing '?little fellow, and was very well liked on the field, and his opinion was often freely sought, and as freely given. ' He disliked the ' Picture ' immensely, auu. uiu not scruple to tell As thorath that he thought he had gone very close to selling himself to the 'devil when lie allied himself to the beau tiful betrayer of so many good men. , ' See here, Mister, I know you're a heap of a swell, and its no business of mine to meddle with }'ou and your love '? affairs, but I tell you that thing'll jest ruin yon body and soul if you stick to her. I'd sooner be a bruised bunion on the off. hind leg of a gardener's mule than I'd :be a lover of hers. Why she'd make a man go back on his pals, or she'd make a fellow sell his own mother. I remem ber how she tempted poor little Jimmy Fuller, the mail driver, and when she got tired of him she drove him silly,'. nn' when he took to the whiskey bottle, jest as you arc beginning to do ; an' little1 Jim, as good an' game a lad as ever held six horses together on a down grade, ?went from bad to -worse, and now lie's planted awny down on the banks o' Stephen's Creek, in a lonely spot where no man's foot ever treads, and she ain't a bit the worse for it. Damn her ! if I had a dog that even looked cross ways at her shadow, I'd skin him first and hang him1 with his'own'hido afterwards ! Youvtake,my advice, boss— make tracks out of those diggings an' put your pegs ia sonic '. o'ther 'end o' the earth before you strike a patch o' bad luck ! Why, .the Chinamen round the camp say she's' 'a devil, and one of 'em told me that she came one day to his placo where he was raisin' green stuff. The hour before she looked o\er his fence the cabbages an' -other garden stuff was sp'routin' up fine an' lookin' real nice ; hut Quong Tart swears on his oath that next, day every blc3sed thing was withered an' scorched 'an' dead, an' you couldn't get that heathen to go within cooeo o' the ' Picture ' if you was to chase him with a gnn !' Aslhorath smiled as he moved away, but he; too,1 felt that once away from the evil influence it would take a man with a gun to make him go in her vicinity again. That night as he sat musing alone .over the position in which he was placed' he told himself that he was both a fool'-and a coward, for in his heart he knew that the man he had sought so far ana so pattern ly Had been on tiiat very spot, and he knew that he had gone away never to return. . He had gone around amongst the diggers and the few storekeepers and had hunted up all the information he could glean about the man they had called ' The Unknown,' and. he had shown tlio portrait that Hirroll hnd given him of her brether, and it had been instantly recognised ; ;so that now, as ho sat meditating, lib could not do anything hut mutter to himself—' It must have been Jhck-i-it: must have been Hirrell's brother Jnck!' It soon reached ' Tho Picture's ' ears: that her lover intended to quit tho camp and shake off her chains, and she deter mined that he should not go until she, at least grew tired of him. All tho art that she possessed she throw into the task of once more enchanting her recal citrant lover. She dropped her flirting and put on her most pensive air ; she dressed in tho flimsiest and most ethereal of costumes, paid him many delicate attentions, until once more he found himsolf in her meshes, stronger and f aster ? than before, and the sweet 1'accd fgirl awiy in California was for gotten. At, times she loosened the 'floodgates of her passion upon him, and the fever of their unholy passions ran mad riot in hi.s veins. At last ho felt aad knew that for good or .for evil he ?was in tho woman's power. Now and ngnin, like the ghost of a crime, the face 'Jot Hirroll Eastway and her mother -would rise before him and seem to upbraid him wilh his baseness, and then even the blandishments of 'The Pic ture' could not keep him at her side. (2'o be continued.) 