INGENIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPLIFTERS. (XEW YOKE WORLD.) 44 Every vestige of the old-fashioned 4 kick ' has disappeared," said a detective to me the other day when I requested his views regarding a certain phase of metropolitan life. The shoplifter's 44 kick" is the technical name of the capacious bag or pocket she who prefers to 44 buy" when the clerk has his back turned has concealed under her cloak, or, rather, sewed to the same on the left side, or which men have under the left coat tail. It :a not by reason or an edict of Beau M'Allister that the old "kick" isgoingoutof use, but because section 50S of the penal code makes it a criminal offence for any one to have it in his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in. anger that shoplifters are parting with it ; but the 44 cops " having 44 got on " to it, it had to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that the methods used in 44 working " the old 44 kick " had become so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw the necessity of keeping pace with a progressive age. So a moz e convenient contrivance was gotten np. It is called a 44 hoisting kick." This consists of a regular dress skirt, eo far as appearance goes, covered by an apron overskirt, which is short and can be raised easilv. SOW THE TSICR WAS 30XE. Tn the front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opening to the immense bag which the underskirt consists of, it going around the entire body and down to the heels. This was found more con venient than the side 44 kick," from the fact that it necessitated less movement and amotion that aroused little suspicion. The thief would stand dose to a counter where small articles are exposed, generally lace or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, hold it on edge in front of her, call for something else, and while the salesgirl had her back turned would slip it into the slit. As the 44 kick " is made of paper muslin the stolen article would slip down easily. Should the thief miss the aper ture — a rare occurrence, for they are persons of nerve — the article would fall on the floor, and the foW would pick it up, replace it on the counter, and claim that it was an acci dent, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shoplifters using thfa 44 kick" were arrested and searched, which exposed the whole thing, and now there are few of them in existence. So the evildoer's genius had again to be into requisition, and a woman who -was arrested In a Sixth Avenue store riiowed how she had improved on that style. She wore a beautiful flounced dress, covered with & ehort apron overakiifl, draped and caught up here and there in such a way as to form natural-looking puffe. This went around the entire body, and a little to the right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by ' the drapery. When searched an incredible amount of articles 0i all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in the under skirt. A detective told me that a notorious shop lifter was once caught who had in her 44 kick " two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29doI. a yard ; two pairs of silk stock ings, one silk and one lace handkerchief, a , piece of scented soap, andaBrumagem scarf- pin worth 4S cents, all of which she had stolen in various stores in Sixth Avenue. And, strange to say, it was the cheapest of the articles which betrayed her— the cake of soap, valued at IS cents. Another wa3 caught with 1G yards of silk, valued at 120 dollars, in her 44 kick." the ba2tdb0x tiiice. Another clever device which was gotten up almost contemporaneously with the 4 4 tick" was the elastic band box. It was made like a gentleman' b hat box, of card board, the 1 cover being held close to the box by two elastic bands in the interior of the box. The por- loiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, especially where there were few sales girls. She would call for certain cheap articles which would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. -The shop lifter would then lift the cover of her box : with one hand, throw in as many articles as she could take hold of, and by means of the elastic bands the cover would be instantly and automatically closed, leaving no trace of the robbery. This contrivanoe was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearance and raison £ctrey so to speak, and worked so admirably that it was a long time before the detectives 41 caught on," and many thousand dollars worth of articles were stolen by this means before an arrest was made. The first capture I was caused by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not Seen the shoplifter put anything into the bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the cover was closed — apparentlv of itself. he g ,fc?r wife, The wamii fes caSei into & private room, accused, and searched, and in the bandbox were articles enough to start a miniature country fancy goods store. Amongst other things, .$he had 13 scarfs, an. inkstand, a. cigar- holder, and ft dice-box, atolerP from different stores, which showed that her tastes extended over a wide field. Well, the bandbox has had a brilliant but comparatively brief career, few arrests were caused by its use, but those that were made occurred within a few days, and the workers of the contrivance saw that the game was up, and gave up the ghost. There is no record of any having been used recently. the satchel oa3ee. This was in time succeeded by a rfmpW trick, one that has long been worked with success, because it creates no suspicion. It is the satchel game. Although store detec tives say it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worsed during the holidays, and will be in full blast when the spring season opens. These are used for stealing pocketbooks as well as goods. They are, in appearance, like ordinary hand satchels, but they open and close by means of a spring. The thief s right hand presses a button, and the left, which is always un gloved, does the rest. It is by this means that pocket-bookB are oftenest stolen in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. The pickpocket (for snch he or she is) generally works with a confederate. She first espies a woman witb a pocketbookin ber hand— Hand they are legion. She will follow that woman in the generally gratified expec tation that ahe will ere long deposit it on the counter where she stops to examine troods. The thief will crowd near and snatch the ; pocketbook in a twinkling at the first oppor tunity and pass it to the confederate, who disappears and has not been noticed near. The real thief c&u; remain beside the victim with safety, as, should she "be arrested, nothing can be found cn her. A short time ago one of the cleverest satchel workers, wril known at headquarters as 44 The Madame,' was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolen pocketbooks. She dropped them on the floor when accused. They were recovered, and as it was doubtful if a case could be made against her, ehe was let go. She came again shortly afterwards and stole a pocketbook containing a large amount of money belonging to the wife of a director of the Hudson River Railroad, who shrunk from the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and 14 The Madame" again escaped. She now gives the store a wide berth, however. A fine-looting blonde, known to the police as 44 Big Grace,' and whose picture adorns Inspector Byrnes's collection, in another clever satchel fiend, whose cleverness and 44 swell" appearance long baffled the detectives. She had a pal (Maggie M -), with whom she worked this game successfully for a long time until they both came to grief. the veky latest. As the best inventions are generally the simplest, so are the latest and most successful methods of shoplifting. There are three. One is done by means of the cloak known as the Connemara. This is made somewhat like a circular. It is a long, loose cloak, covering even the hands. It enables the thief not only to steal with a greater degTce of safety, but also to conceal her booty. All she has to do is to get near a crowded counter, throw the edge of her cloak partly over the article she covets, slip her hand underneath the cloak, take the article, step back, and hold it in her hand Unless she is caught in the act she cannot be arrested or even suspected. Another is still simpler. The thief lays her handkerchief carelessly on some small article she wants to steal, feigns a desire to buy something else, is not suited, and while the sales-girl replaces the goods on the shelf the thief picks up her booty with her handker chief. If she should happen to be caught, she naturally she did not know she had the stolen article in her possession. The third one is worked by means of a handbag containing twine and wrapping paper. This bag is carried in the left hand, and filled with whatever goods the shoplifter can secure. Then she will go into the toilet- room, or some ride street, take out the goods, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a neat parcel, and try again or £o away un molested. still another. Another recently- gotten-up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well-known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and refined-looking yonng lady recently went into a Sixth avenue store, saying that she was the daughter of Mrs. (I have the name, but will omit it). Mrs. was a wealthy customer whom she must have seen buy on credit, and noted the address and name. The eirl bought G5doh worth of silk, which she wanted to take with her. The told her it was customary to require references or identifica tion from parties unknown to them. Did she know any one in the neighbourhood who could identity ber? No. She had just coma out of boarding-school. The salesman con- . suited with the superintendent, and it was agreed to let her have the goods, when by accident it was discovered thT she had given two different addresses. Nothing daunted, she acknowledged her mistake, and said the first address was the right one. How stupid of her ! But she wa. unused to the city, and h another addreft in her mind. Becoming auspicious, the salesman said the rules of the store would require him to send the goods. 44 Oh, very well. Perhaps It would be more satisfactory to you, come to think of it," she said, 44 and it will suit me just as well, if I only get them by 1 o'clock this evening." The goods were sent to the address given. The next day Mrs. went to the store with the goods, saying riie had not ordered rhem, and asked for an explanation. Inves tigation revealed that " the girl just out of boarding school' had purchased many othei articles at other countera which ahe had taker with her. the hbejtx 4< eensrwn&bteb.; But perhaps the cleverest of all shoplifters1 tricks is the 44 pennyweighter " game. It if known but to few, end practised by a stil Bmaller number, for it is s difficult one. 11 has been most successfully worked by a pretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes curly hair, and the genmai appearance of i bewitchingsoubrette. Her profesEionainame is 44 Little Scotty." She came to grief in Boston, and was given three years. Her mode of working to go to a jewellery store and ask to be shown loose diamonds on ft. tray. She pretends to be very shortsighted, and bends over and very close to the tray, examining the diamonds through an eye-glass. She exposes her left hand so as not to be suspected, and at a propitious moment drops a one-carat diamond into the tray, and with her tongue, on the point of which she has pulverised alum, she ticks up a two-carat diamond. She cannot find the exact counterpart of the one she wants to match (which she has not with her) and goes into another store, where she exchanges her two-carat diamond in a similar manner for a three-carat, and so on ad infinitum. When she was caught she had started with with a one-carat diamond and had reached six and a half carats, mating three or four hundred dollars in a few hours. as to eleptojtakia. Store detectives say that there are com paratively few professional shoplifters in this city now, and once they are caught they disappear — as soon as the law permits — and never return. They go to other cities. They say that supposedly respectable wttoen now give them more trouble than thieves. It requires much more skill and discrimination, to handle them, lest they might accuse an innocent person. They scout the theory of kleptomania, and say mat not one woman an a thousand who steals doe9 so inadvertently Physiologists, however, contend that there is such & thing as kleptomania, which they describe as a species of mental derangement coming under the head of 4 4 volitional in sanity." It is, they say, an inability to exert the will in accordance with the intellect. Although this theory would seem to be sustained by the fact that wealthy women have frequently been caught shoplifting, store detectives sev that jguiries hay$ vealed fae fact ILat snch SP6m6h werfi h&t; ftiven the allowance of money br their hus bands that would enable them to'dress as wril as they wished to be. A woman was caught stealing a 19 cent, knife in a Fourteenth street store one day, who wore o,000dol. or 6,000doL worth of diamonds. But she turned out to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishment, that there are comparatively few of oar large stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their sales-girls and floor walkers to do that work. Still, I found one which, besides having a man detective, also employed a woman, who mixes among customers in full street costume. Not all store thieves are caught, and those who are captured are not always prosecuted. And this entails a loss to each first -class store which runs up into thousands, and which has a place in the 44 profit and loes " account. 