Cairns Divisional Boanl. ! Tile usual monthly meeting of this Hoard ! was hold on Wednesday afternoon, there j Wing present-Messrs. Kenny (chair), Sim ! uioDils, Mackey, Longden and "Swallow. The minutes of the last meeting and numerous special meetings were rea»! ami confirmed, and the correspondence read and dealt with. Several letters »ere referred to the Darron líoard. Contractor liignold applied for a progress ! payment of ¿IO.» on his Miilgnive-rcail I contnict. The Chamber of Commerce wrote asking ; t be Board to make a devi.ition to the new j Mulgrave gold rush. ' ! Mr. O'Leary said a rough track could bo cut in two and a half miles from the main road. Mr. Mackey moved-"That .£15 or jfciO be spent to cut this track by the wages gang." Seconded by Mr. Lougden and carried. The Karron Board applied for ültíT. Wing the Cairns Board's share of the Kuranda road grant. Mr. Lougden moved-"That this account be referred back to the Barron Board, as we cannot recognise the accouut in any wai-." lt '.vas outside their d strict altogether. In a District Court actiou the Bairou Board had not a ghost of a show. Seconded by Mr. Simmonds. The chairman took the sense of the meet- ing whether the motion should be put. Thin was carried. Mr. Swallow asked for the motion which first mentioned the Kuranda-road grant. The motion was read. It had been moved by Mr. Kenny, and asked the Council to spend .ËUOand the Board would do the »ame. Another minute was also read mention expenditure on the road. Mr. Mackey and Mr. Swallow said prac- tically the money had never been voted This was added to the motion which was then carried. The Barron Board asked for their share of the ball as it stood in tbe books (Ü13U0). Mr. Mackey mored-" That the applies tioa 1-e not entertained." Seconde1 hy Mr. Simmonds anti carried. Tho ISarron Board wrote that they wouhl take over the wi.rks ia tlieir division, and would guarantee to meet all li.ahilitics. The amount due to the Ittrron ou adjust- ment wis passed for payment, vi/.., JtiVK The overseer's report was raid as follows :-Rignold's contracts-fer forming, hrtx-h ainsaml «itch drains is completed satis- factorily. The unveiling is not finished, »?.ont I'-» chain* yet to he don.1, and will he completed at the present r»! e of progress iu about 8 days. This work is considerably over tht> contract time, tile wet wcathcr d-laying it a good deal, as it was next to impossible to haul gravel on the new for- mation. The contract for repair* to Wright's Creek-bridge will be finished in aliout 7 days, .-iud is lieing fairly well done. The contractor asks for a progress piyiucnt of J£15, and that tin? bahittt;.' of etmtr.ie.t money bc passed, subject to lina) inspection. I have knocked off all the daymen on the Herbert, n-road. Th.» tine w.-atii.-r ha Iu-l|>eil a good deal to dry np the many solt places «>n the road. The l.'ol.lsliorougo-road was Tery tillich cutaway in many place-, ami I had to make a new road necessitating a lot of .vork. There are .-till two men working 0:1 this road, .-ind it will take a »eek 01-il days more to tillich. The sii.vev-d road n-.-¡.r the 1». n.ioi.l l'l:>i.t..to.n I inlou u» been alt w:tshcd away and the present track is on private projerty. On the Russell l.iver-road the culvert on the plains is nude all right again. The girders on this culvert were never b.i".ted dawn to the bel logs, anti I had to get new holts anti spikes for it. The roads in the divi.-ion have dried ti;t very much within the last fortnight, and with the exception of a few bail spits on the main Mulgrave-roid and Hassell liiver-road. the r.tads an; in fair order, lt t Hik me four .lays to go over the Kuranda-road. 1,'iguold applies for a progress payment of ÜlO >. 1 recommend that he lie paid JÊS.1 on account, and the work «ill be completed tu a few days, that the balat.ee 1-e passed subject to final inspection. The ganger on the Bussell Xo. :> sub-divi- don reports that there are several bad place» on the road that required doing to make it fairly passable. Mr. Simmonds said Kignold had exceeded his time, and should be made to put in au application for an extension of time before he got i-aid on account Mr. Longd-n Slid these contractors wanted keeping np to the scratch. l.'ignol.I had twt drays working there ou a scrub courniel after wasting a fine fortnight. If it rained now all the good work already doue wouhi be spoiled. The public were now travelling over the half-uiade road and cuttiug it up Contractors took advantage of the Boan and treated it as they lilied. He knocke off his dniy men, liecause they wanted tuon thau il ls a day. It w..uld only hav. made a difference of a few pounds in th- wliol. coutract. A dray and three horses wert worth more than a guinea a day. the lisna price being 5s a load, and seven loads wen drawn in a day. Itignold ought to hav. used every effort to make up for lost time having exceeded his contract time such : h.t. Mr. Simmonds moved-.' That contracto Kignold be informed that no piogiess pay uicnt can lie made uutit he applied for a: extension of time and get same granted.' Scowled by Mr. Lougden and carriel. lt was decided to allow the contractor £.">i on the work when he got iiis extension o time. Mr. Mackey moved-" That the necessar; repairs to the Kussell Eiver road be done." Seconded by Mr. Longden and carried. ...CT1'; «-.-itort and balance-slice was ri-;ul jkntl n|>proveU or. »»ti, ti,*.. tiou of the value iihtc-U ou the Ua.ll, via-. JÉIAK). Mr. Simmonds moved-.' That a vote i thanks he m-corded Mr. Mackey for repr. senting the Hoard in Herberton, and clientle for £7 bc hauded to him for h: expenses." Seconded by Mr. Longden, and carried. Mr. (.ongden moved-" That th» overset have all the holes and ittts in the Malgrae, road filled by day labour, anti small nee.-; sary repairs." Carried. Mr. Longden moved, seconded by M Swallow-" That as the adjustment of a< counts is now finished and Mr. Morris* sc vices are uot now repaired, he he grante 1 mouth's salary as a gratuity for past se vices." Carried. The accounts were read and passed to tl amount of üU'.MIs 'ld, includingthe aumin to the Karron Board. This brin; s up the overdraft to J:¡Ooo. A vote of tiianks to the chairman coi eluded thc meeting. 