Sketcher. Dreams and Omens. Have you a pet superstition! Do you refuse to Bit down at the table with thirteen ? Do you dislike to see the new moon over yout I eft shoulder P Djea the howl. 4 a do* uuder your window at midnight affect you dis agreeably? Do you incline to crowj the street between ttie carriages of a passing funeral f If you subscribe to a belie; in any ! one of the signs or omens include J iu the list J you are endowed with the oocult suienoe o; superstition, li you believe in »heu. nil you j are a psychologist or phenomenon of signs, ; warnings, dreams, visions and pieteuiiuie.ta. j And you will be interested iu the ©xperieuoe ; of otLe s. In a world where the rimplesr i and most natural faot app«rent to the actual j senses is a miracle-m, for iuatauce, ihe j mystery of the egg uud the chicken, v>e I may at any Moment develupe a new powtr. an unknown foroj of wl . <nxisteuce we have dreamed, or had zetnote waking hints, but which bursts upon ua at its moment of tealiz ation, as u bewilderment of beauty or utility, j It has been truely and forcibly said th .t life in ! a wonderful ohiysalis from which at any mo- ; ment may issue the unexpected on ideal j wings. It is to the aoute senses that toe sights and ' sounds of the supernatural world are revealed. I Ask the average man if he has ever seen a j ghost and he will unhesitatingly answ«r ! 'No,' But word your question iu a different I way. Inquire as to his familiaritv with the I tne supernatural, and He will teUte a dozen j instances of unaooountable sights and sounds, j remarkable dreams whiuti have made a life- j loug impression on hun, and warnings which ' if he had been superstitious he would have ' heeded j but he isn't, and only believes what he seis. The fact is, the jjr sser material nature i<f the man hardens itself that it will not Hear the voices that are trying to reach him. Not the voices of spirits-that is not yet proveu, but the voices of oocult poweis clamoring for release for then' appointed work. We have not yet learned the alpha bet of the voices of the air. Wneu we nave accomplished that we may acquire some hint i of the language. Meanwhile the erratic 1 knowledge of h new, world is dropped here ( and there in dreatus, visions or the strange i yearning which comes over us like a tudden ! intense thirot for something that is just be- ? yond, i 'The light that never was on sea or land.' j It comes to the writer of this paper bs a | sigh-not a sigh of pain or passion or regret, J but a fcijrh that the giarified soul might give j units fit ^^iew of Heaven. It is like a strain J of sweet Unearthly mut-ic as it lingers for a 1 moment and then dies away iu a harmony of | rest. What does it mean? Who sighed ? : Ah, that is the mystery. j A lady of this city, wellkuown and whose ' word is reliable, is guided in all the perplex- j ing events of life by dreams. A fe* yeirs ! ago her mother died and within the year ! her father marpied again. She was much ; troubled at this want of respect to her i mothei's memory, and on the eve of the Sun- , day when her father was to appear at church with his new bride she haa a rem»rkable i dream j . I dreamed,' she taid, 'that I we .t to ; ebuteh and saw my father there with his new wife. I also In my dreatn saw my mother and her presence did not teem in any way unaccountable, but it distressed me very - much because I seemed to know that she was 1 not aware of my father's ha*ty marriage. In my dream I waited impatiently for the 1 sermon to end, then I hurried out and waited 1 in the vestibule for my mother. As she cam* out I stopped her and drew bet hurriedly , away, while I communicated the news that a new wife oocupied her place Sae smiled a sweet ber&phio; smile and said fclowiy: ] ' I know it. We kuow everything where I am, and nothing has power to distress'' us.' 'The relief her words caused me in my , dream produced a reacucn, which awakened i me, and no scene in real life was ever mo « j vivid than the one I have related.' A lady who was a gue-t at a Washington j hotel was awakened one night by the doleful j howling of a dog. Not being in good health j it made her very nervous and she rang for the night olerk and requested him to have the animal driven away. But the dog returned j and bowled woise than eveh The lady again | sent for the clerk and inquired if anv one iu ! the heus'i was ill, and wuu aasvrod th*t there | was i.o case of nokntss tnem. The dogre- j turned when driven off, and howled at in- I tervals all night. The guests of the hotel | talked the matter over and decided that the ! howling meant nothing, as there was no one i more than another in prospect of immediate death. But at noon of that day a tardy cbambcrmaid unlocked the door of the room above that occupied by the lady in question «.nd discovered that the young man who occupied it was dead from hemorrhage of the lungs. Apparently the dumb animal had discovered by some mysterious instinct that be waB in the vicinity of death. We pooh-pooh theve things as supersti* tiouc and say they are mere coincidences aud mean nothing. Yet our reason is often a lams reliable guide th^n the instinct of the dumb animal, or the homing pigeon, that needs no chart to guide it in the channels of the upper air. The sleeping fellows of the I dead man knew not tof nis lonely passing. I How was it revealed to a vagabond dog ? [ A highly organized nature, flitting alone at midnight reading some entrancing novel or flying abroad on the wings of travel, is suddenly brought to a realiziug sense of not being blone. No one is visible, nor do the lights burn blue, but something has passed throogh the room and a cold air is percept ble- not tlie chill of the grey dawn, but rather the shadow of some bodiless presence. And simultaneously the chill creep* over the head of the startled or surprised ocoupant of tbe room and lifts each galvanized h»ir in a way we all know of, and we flppantly say is occasioned by someone walking over our grave*. What is it P The spectre ot tht, dark with whioh we orucilly frighten o ildreu? Or is it a confusiin of the spheres whereby « cpirit bas bw-n jostled from its orbit and so crossed to its own and its own received it not ? When Old Lady May oame back to earth to amend the wrong the hud done in dy:ug, the girl nhe loved as a dear child did not know her, but walked dirtcly through the tranepxrent form. Only the dojr lying on the rug .vud tLe child in itH cradle t>a\v and knew her, una were Lot afraid. A well known citizen of Detroit, who for* rnerlv lived in on interior town iu thin st.te, came d-'wu one tuorning to breaJcfebt with a » eariod air and disturbed coujteuauce. His irnitlier iLquixed tbe reunou und be told her that he hod b< en having a bad dream. ' L dreamed,' be said 4 that our neighbour Mrr. Jonef, was killed in a horrible manner on the railroad track. I wish you would j send over and see if anything Las happened to her. It was a frightful dream.' Mark tbe sequence. A year from that time tbe neighbour about whom he dreamed was killed by the cars fn exactly the manner he had seen described in his dream. How then aid it happen to be foreshadowed to t im alone in euoh. a way t Perhaps if he had related it to her, it might have broken the spell of doom. Chauncey M. Depew, groat man that he is in all respects, says that nothing could in* duce him to sit down at a fees! with a com plem6nt of thirteen guebtB. A company of thirteen sat at a table in this city some years ago. One of tbe company took down tbe names of those present in a note-book. A year pasted and the same company had as sembled to the number of twelve. ' We are all here,' said one, ' excepting C , who has our names in his note- book. He will make the thirteenth.' There was a brief silence. Then one of tbe company said briefly: dead.' Scientific American. 