Elnglieh and Continental Gossip. (From the correspondent of tie iMel bourne Argus.) LONDON, December 12. SThroughout Greek literature, the dead are said to no longer see the light of the sun. Moreoverghosts,accordingtoHomer, inhabit the land of the Cimmerians on the border of the ocean stream. The Cimmerians, says Homer, are "en veloped in fog and mist; nor ever does the bright sun gaze down on them with his beams, neither when he advances to the starry heaven, nor when he descende again from heaven towards earth; but baneful night is spread over the wretched people." Now, if an ancient Greek, with these thoughts in his head, could have seen London during the last ten days, he would certainly have imagined himself to be in a city designed for ghosts, and not for living men and women. It is at least ten days since we have seen the sun or the smallest patch of blue sky. It has generally been necessary to have the gas lighted even at noon. Moreover, it has been horribly cold, and the cold has not been of the kind that makes yon feel sprightly and inclined for exercise, but a dull dreary cold. The London fog takes three forms. It spreads itself like a pall over the sky; it descends lower and rests on the tops of the houses; it falls to the ground and envelops everybody with its stifling vapours. Of course the last fog is the worst. A few years ago there was a dreadful ground fog. Vehicles had to be left in the streets all night, the horses being unharnessed and led home. People hopelessly lost their way in Ludgate circus, though the circus is not more than thirty yards across, and though it was, at the time, lighted with the electric light. Strange to say, the electric light is lees able to penetrate' a fog than gas. In the fog I have: just been mentioning, a very power ful electric lamp was absolutely in visible at thedistance of six yards. People cannot become accustomed to London fogs. They resent them more and more as they grow older and each fresh fog finds them with impaired tempers. How, indeed, can a man be happy when his eyes are streaming and tingling, when his throat and nostrils are chocked up, when his liver (probably) is disordered, and when he sees no daylight for many days together! A few years. ago I had to go in the depth of winter to the extreme north of Scotland, 500 miles nearer the polar circle than London is. I expected some dismal experiences, but in fact I was enchanted. One morning Iparticularly remember. I was coming in the steamer from the island of Lewis, and we entered a glorious frith with the mountains of Ross on one side and those of Skye on the other. The darkly heaving sea, over which innumerable seabirds were Bitting, the turquoise sky, the mountains with their bases white with virgin snow and their summits flushed by the dawn with loveliest rose colour-all formed a scene as beautiful as can be imagined. Onshore there were other wonders. The mountain torrents had become Gothic buildings with myriads of icy pinnacles, each shining like the rarest jewellery. Then again the air was so pure and invigorating that merely to breathe it and to move in it ¶as a luxury. Yes, winters can be very charming-but not in London. During the whole year there has been a remarkable tendency on the part of the rich and aristocratic to provide them selves with Sunday amusements. In thle summer they drove out in their four-in hands and tandemins to the Lyric Club at Barnes, to the Albany Club at Kingston, and to the Ranelagh Club at Putney, At these places they would enjoy them selves with inncheon parties, dinners, concerts, lawn tennis, and boating. The Archbishop of Canterbury has more than once inveighed against these things, but so far in.vain. Now, in the winter sea son, many of the London clubs have Sunday evening concerts. Of a different chareacter is the move ment to provide the poor with some kind of Sunday recreation. The Finsbury Polytechnic takes the lead in this direction. This society has the Bishop of London for its president, and is a purely Church institution. At the gymnasium belonging to the Polytechnic there is every Sunday afternoon a sacred concert, followed by a lecture, which may be, and often is, on a secular subject. When I was there the Sunday before last, Lady Frederick Cavendish, widow of the late Irish Secretary, who was murdered in Phonix Park, was the lec turess. She gave us an account of a visit she had lately paid to Kimberley, at the Diamond Fields of South Africa. There she found her brother, the Hen. and Rev. A. Lyttelton, who had formerly been curate of Mr. Gladstone's parish, Hawarden. He was livingina mud hut with a roof of galvanised iron. At once Lady F. Cavendish, with characteristic energy, set to work to beautify his surroundings. She mades garden round the house, covered it with creepers, and decorated the interior. There she estab lishedasortofsalonwhereshegav eweekly receptions to the ladies of Kimberley. When Lady F. Cavendish was in South Africa, the King of Matabeleland deter mined to learn something about England. Matabeleland is a powerful kingdom lying just off the great inland trade route into the interior. It was, there fore, of the utmost importance that we should secure the friendship of King Lobengula. Now, the Dutch had told him that they had long ago "eaten up" Queen Victoria, and that-as in the celebrated case of Mrs. Harris-there was no "sicha person." But the King wanted to be quite sure of this. Accord ingly, he got hold of a young gentleman who was in his country prospecting for gold, gave him money, and sent two trusted chiefs with him to England, in order that he might have a full and faithful report. But there was a terrible difficulty in the way. The gentleman in charge of the envoys was not a Govern ment official, and all the officials with one voice declared that envoys so intro duced must not, could not, and would not be received. Sir Hercules Robinson, at Capetown, was first won over, and the envoys embarked in what they called "the great kraal that pushes through the water." Here they met Lady F. Caven dish, who took a warm interest in them. By incredible exertions, and at the very last moment, she obtained leave for the two savages to see the Queen. They were received at Windsor by a guard of fifty Lifeguardsmen, they were graciously received by Her Majesty, and they re turned to their King duly impressed and gratified. Lobengula has been our friend ever since, but officialism and etiquette had nearly marred everything. A lyric poem, of some antiquity, but not ascribed by the critics to Milton or any of our major peets, informs us that "he who prigs what isn't his'n, when he's cotched must go to prison." A few nights ago I was invited to see a supper, at which all the guests had "prigged," and been "cotched," and gone to prison. There were about 300 of them, and he who saw them must have instantly lost all illusions about the merriness of a thief's life, and about the cleverness of thieves. Such a crew of emaciated, pale, weak, and foolish creatures they were! Not one but seemed far below the average in intellect; scarcely any of decent physique. They ate more like beasts than men. They cut the bread into wedgesand shoved it into their mouths. When they attacked their meat they glanced furtively from aide to aide, and then bolted it hastily as if it might be snatched from them. The fact that 20,000 of such beings are annually discharged from the London prisons throws a lurid side-light on the bigness of the metropolis. Every one of the 20,000 is met on leaving prison by a delegate of the St. Giles's Mission-who were the hosts at the thieves' supper-is provided with a free breakfast, and is assisted towards living an hobest life. A ridiculous thing happened the other night at Mrs. Langtry's theatre. At the end of the fourth act Mr. Coghlan, who takes the part of Antony, entirely far got that there was another act yet to be played. Accordingly he took off his Roman clothes, put on his English. clothes, and went quietly home. So in the last act there was no Antony to play to Mrs. Langtry's Cleopatra. It is uni versally admitted that Mrs. Langtry is now far better looking than when she was"a professional beauty." Her fea tures have become more refined, and yet she has not lost any of the charms of younth. Her theatre is crammed nightly, and she has to give two morning per formances of "Antony and Cleopatra" every week. When the Australian team were over here I was told by one who had fre quently met them that socially they were very good fellows, but rather inclined to be bores when the question of umpiring came up. It seems, however, that they were partly to be excused, if to bore is ever excusable. At the meeting of county secretaries, held this week at Lord's, Mr. Henry Perkins, the secretary of the Marylebone Cricket Club, roundly told the representatives of the counties that if they could not select more cap able umpires his club would no longer be responsible for them. The conclusion of his speech is thus reported:-"It had been stated in certain quarters that these complaints relative to umpiring arose solely from the Australians. This was not so. The Australians did complain after their second match, but he took no notice, but watched events, and at the conclusion of their tour again inquired their opinion. They told him that the umpiring was worse than they had ever known it before, as many wrong decisions were given for them as against them. That of course was no excuse for bad decisions. In conclusion, he urged the counties to use the greatestdiscretion. If they knew of three or four good ucpires, by all means nomidate them. On the other hand, if they knew only one, there was no need to appoint two." The nine-year-old heiress to the Crown of the Netherlands is said by those about her to be possessed of high intelligence and a will of remarkable power. She has an old-time conviction of the sacred nessaof the rbyal power as a Divine insti tution, and of the paramount and un questionable rights of the royal will. Since she has been able to stand alone, to walk, and to talk, she has fully con vinced all about her of the formidable quality of thegprsonality of their future ruler, whose manners, from her earliest childhood, spontaneously assumed a royal dignity most striking in one so young. In her fifth year she on one occasion remarked, "I do not approve the manner in which the guard present arms to me when I pass;" and added, after a pause, during which she had evidently been re flecting on the subject, "I shall change all that." When six years old, on walk ing out with her French governess, the latter stopped to speak with someone whom she knew. On resuming their walk, the little Princess drew herself up, and, looking full at her governess, thus addressed her:-"Mademoiselle! when you are in attendance upon me, you will not stop unless I stop, nor speak unless I have spoken. If I stop, you will stop; and if I speak to anyone, you will be at liberty to speak, but not until I have stoken." Queen Emma has brought up her daughter with great care, firmness, and tact; and if, when Queen Wilhel mine has ascended the throne, she manages to retain it, she will owe her success to che influence of the con stitutional convictions inculculated by her royal mother. A special report, prepared by the Budget Committee on the causes and elements of the public debt of France, which is causing it so much anxiety at this time, shows that the wars of France have been thebo main producers of the fiscal liabilities of this country. Those made and paid for in the course of the Second Empire cost 2,565,000,000; and the war of 1870,begun by Napoleon III., cost 2,820,000,000f., exclusive of the in demnity paid to Prussia, and the ex penses of the Tunisian Expedition, which latter amounted to 126,000,000f.; those of the Madagascar Expedition, to 21,000,000f.; those of the Tonquin Cam paign to 270,000,000f Since tLe First Empire, wars have cost France upwards of 16 billions of france. The French National Debt nowamounts to 30 billions of france, the highest in the world, and nearly double that of England, which comes next to it in the list of national indebtedness. It is, therefore, not sur prising that France should be anxiously casting about for the means of developing the commercial possibilities to which the present mania for protection is due. Public sentiment on the subject of pro tection has, however, been already some what modified by the perception of the results to be expected frodn the M'Kinley bill; and an influential union has been formed for maintaining "the entrance, duty free, of raw materials and the pro tection of the interests of exporters. This union is presided and espoused by a body of influential local personalities, all representing different trades and profes sions, who have come to perceive that protection is a knife with a double edge .and "cutting both ways." 