THR GEEAT AEMINIAN HERESY OF THE LATTEK DAY. Without in any way desiring to impeach the motives of General Booth or question the great amount of g'od that may accrue to the bodies of men if his Emigra tion Scheme is successfully carried out (for every effort to ameliorate the miseries of mankind will be hailed with delight by every Christian man and phil anthropist) ; but I take grave exception to the very prevalent belief, namely, that the Salvation Army is doing a great work on the earth for the good of the souls of men. Man has been denominated a Ee ligious AnimaL He will worship; he is possessed of strong susceptibilities, and he is capable of being wrought upen and brought to a high pitch of excitement and deep emotion. This is frequently very apparent in a theatre or othec place of amusement, and is produced by the great dramatic power of some celebrated traged ian, who will draw tears from the eyes of hia audience. How much more will these effects be produced when the most solemn themes of Eternity are. handled (shall we say) by a Beligious Tragedian ? by most Bfcirrinsr preaching, thus working on the feelings of his hearers and causing great alarm ; filling the hearts of men with a fear of death and hell ! Then going to the frightened and troubled ones and soothing them with the consolations of the Gospel ! Then there are great rejoicings — they say they are converted and cause their poor deluded followers to think so too. Oh ! how sad and solemn is all this — instead of doing good (which is the prevalent belief), it is positive eva (harm), because they thus bolster up men in a false and delusive hope of heaves and make a whole host of hypo crites. The Son of God said of such people — the publicans and harlots go into the Kingdom of Heaven before them. It is as prophesied by the Lord Jesus Christ (Isaiah XLII-I), ' He shall not cry nor lift up nor cause his voice to be heard in the streets.' Neither Chirst nor His Apostles paraded the streets with drums and bawling rabble after them. All this wild fire and religions excitement (the work of tbe flesh manifest) belongs to the Gospel of the apostate age —the Great Arminian Heresy —whose leaders think they can drive, and drum religion into men. Surely to those who have eyes to see all these proceedings axe not of God, nor are they the work of His Holy Spirit. The Army is a well or 'ganised system of men full of wild fire but false in doctrine, aud the methods and workings of their system are alike nn scriptural and repugnant to the Word of God, and I doubt not but that it belongs to the great Anti- ChriBtian spirit of the latter day, and is the work of Satan as a Beligious Devil on the earth; and no marvel, for Satan himself is transformed into an Angel of Light (EL Corinthians XI, 14). The question was asked (or put) by a preacher who spoke on General Booth's scheme in Perth l few days ago, namely, ' Is it not batter that the people (immigrants) sheuld become Salvationists than to lie in the gut ter ?' I would say respectfully, in reply, ' It is better fox them to remain in that position in life in which their lot is cast than to be raised by a false Qaspel into a false position by deceived and mad, canting v hypocrites , -for ssch converts would soon return to the gutter, like a saw that was washed (a sow still, only washed) to her wallowing in the mire (IL Peter IL, 22).' But other motives keep them in the ranks. Behold, all ye that kindle a fire, that com pass yourself around with sparks, walk in th» light of your fire and the sparks that ye have kindled. This shall ye have of mine nand, aye shall lie down in sorrow. (Isaiah I.., 11.) Christianity is a supernatural religion (a gift), the hidden life of God in the soul, X. John, i., 2, also C6L m., 3. All true worship and acceptable service arises to God from this hidden living spring. John tv.,14, i. John v. 12 As the Poet Montgomery says of prayer : — ' It is the motion of an hidden ore (life) that trembles in the breast' ' For the wages of sin is death (man dead to God), but the gift of God is eternal life, through Jesus Christ our Lord/' Bom. VI., 23. We breathe and move naturally from humam life, so we must breathe and move spiritually God ward from eternal life the new man of grace, as we may adorn the dead body with beautiful Sowers, so like wise we may adorn a dead soul (with a natural religion duty faith only believe, &c;)., dead to God in trespass and sin, Eph. IL, L A dead and corrupt worship with the beautiful forms of Godliness imposing' ritual and beautiful service ; and as the dead body is loathsome to us, so is the sinner dead to God, (' a name thatthou Iivest and art dead,' BevL m~ 1) is loathsome to God, and all his religion of tbe vile flesh, 'will of the flesh,' see John i., 13, Bom. Tin. 3, is noisome to Jehovah. As it is written — Isaiah ixrv., 6 — ''But we are all as an un clean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags ; and we all do fade as a leaf ; and our iniquities, like the wind, hare ta ken us away, see Isaiah I., 6, also Horn. vtL, 18, Bom. m. 12, 13, so will we also lo -.the ourselves in our own sight when taught by God the Holy Ghost, the plague of our own hearts and our vileness by nature, and like Paul, the great Apottle of the Gentiles, will cry ' O wretched man that I am ! who shall deliver me from the body of this death P (this dead body) ** Bom. to 24; 'that every month may be stopped and all the world may be come guilty before God,' Bom. m., 19. '* Who can bring a clean thing out of an nnnloaTi ? Not one.' Job xrv., 4. Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots, &c.; ? Jar. xiu. 23. A-b we have said, all true Worship of God, and acceptable service must spring from this new life, the new heart, and the new creature (creation.) ' Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature ; old things are passed away ; behold, all things are become new.' n Cor. t. 17. ' That which is born of the Flesh is Flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is Spirit.' Marvel not that I said unto tbee ye must be born again. John in, 6 and 7. When thus taught of God all our own righteousness (Math v., 20), will be thrown away as filthy rags, and the soul earnestly seek by precious Faith to be clothed with the garments of salvation, and covered with the robes of ;Chrisf s perfect (imput ed) righteousness, see Isaiah lxi, 10. 'And walk in love, ts Christ also hath loved us, and hath givea himself for as an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling savour. Eph. v. 2. I know I have laid myself open to a fieree attack. My only motive in writing is a love of truth ; and I fed assured if God and truth are on my side I need not fear though a whole host should be arrayed against me. GEOBGE MURRAY, ? Roe-street, Perth. 