Personal. Sm Sanmol Griffith will probably pay a visit to Guinea in December. "\\[it S V. Winter, late editor and manager of the Ifolbom'no Herald, is abont to pay his first visit to Europe. ' , The Hon. Howard Sponsloy,- Q.C., has just been chosen by tlio Dudley Liberal Assoeiation as their candidate for a sent :in the British Parliament, in opposition to Mr. Burko Robinson. JIk, EcWorton, a Molbourno master printer and ■ jj#y01,0f Hawthorn, has legislative aspirations, and will most likely oiler himself as a candidate for Purliamont at tlio next Victorian general elections. Thp, Bishop Elect, of Launcoston, Tasmania, D^an> Beccliinor, is literally a persona grata to the 'popple* of that city. One of tlio most popular priests <j>S the Tiie Bishop Elect is a most genial gentleman, "find one whom to know is to love, so that his-proferment to the now Bishopric of Launcoston should, and doubtless will, bo most popular. Lord Gharlos Scott will attain the rank, of Vico Admiral in August next, and a Connnander-in-Chiof trill then liavo to bo found for tlio Australian station. Of course, it is too oarly yet to' make a formal ap pointment, but it is understood that Hoar-Admiral Stephenson will obtain the post. Ho has boon un employed sineo his promotion fourtoon months ago, and though this appointmont would involvo tlio passing over of sovoral, seniors, Admiral Stophonson is nn oxcollont officer, 'and is considered to have strong claims, not the least of which, is his commo tion with tho Princo of Wales' liousohbld as Ecpuorry Rev. W. II. Eitcliett, B.A., prosidont of tlio Vic torian Motliodist Ladies' Collego and editor of tho Smthern Cross, has fallen foul of the acting editor of tho Methodist Recorder, Mr. Fitcliott wrote ft sorios of ni'tielos on " Methodism Under Otlior Skies " for tho Recorder, Rov. N. Curnock (tho editor) exhorting him to spoak his mind fully and freely. Mr. Vitchett, as is his wont, did speak very freely, ospocinlly rogarding English Methodism—so free Wood that in Mr. Cvirno'ck's absonco in America tho noting oditor cut those roforoncos out. Now Mr. Hteliott doclaros ho can't 1'boogniso his own mticlos, they' liavo boon so "mauled and mangled," mid wants to know tlio I'oason why. Mu, Juatico Chubb lias taken tlio house recently oiootod by Mr. Aloe. MoIConzio on .the high brow of otanton Hill overlooking Townsvillo. Tho building sdocidodly tho most prominent in,tho rango of sight bom tho businoss portion of, the. city, and tlio viow commands of tho hay,, tlio eternal hills, and many c u»r points of iutorost away in the far distanco in m dii'ootion of Cape, Cleveland is oortainly socond cnono lioro. From tho top of Donliam-stroot a long HM of stono stops stretches ,up to tho judgo's now loino, .if 11is Honour should ovor liavo occasion to '"t?ut his dignity and kick a man from tlio top stop 10 *mt'°i'tunato wrotcli would assuredly be " as doad 113 a door nail" long boforo ho got to tho bottom. bAuuiNATj Moraii is 'not alono in his dotostation'of oiioviii Booth's " h'drosios,'"1' Tlioro was a Hvoly dis c'm.siou at tlio Angllban Diooosan Synodi Dunodin, « a foiv days sinoo, over a motion by Mr. booth II1,108 ^Uon for sonding a grooting ' to Qonoral 00 h. and convoying tlio' synod's appreciation of to"i\r'Ul^ WOv^c* Canon How'oll strongly objootod ' v\ ]3o°th,s,,as h9 oallbcl him, religions toaoliiiig, ton } bltui as.tlio foundor of a sot of false ^ o loos -\vlio woro weaning 'pooplo from tho church. 01#! support'Mr. A lion's motion if it woro pi..,lw! axPross. sympa^iliy ' with Odnoi'ftl Booth's 'Un,'ln'°pia. oll'ovts, "hut that'iiis roliglous viows iibhovront to the Church of England." rtShGffQvT°d\Biall0P °f WollinSt°n> is an accom an,,^,! x, . ' *w» - numu, onunUOCl " tho bourno hn^11"11' 1>uring his rocont visit to Mol \Z ™u T ^ Wittl him a violin wl»<* cost by immlT' a playins' WllS llighly C01nmend°d y uany musicians, as well as tho Victorian clom-y. men who woro fortunate enough to hoar and enjoy the wonderful tones produced from ins much-loved Chief Justice Way, of South Australia, who has lately boon spending a long holiday in England, is now on Ins way back to Adelaide by way of America. ±lo will go across the North Pacific route to Yoko hama, and thence down through tho East Indies to tho Northern Territory of South Australia, which ho intends to look over before going on to Adelaide. Mr. Way's^ knighthood is, writos a London paper, still troubling tho curious in such matters. As Chiof Justico and Lioutonnnt-Governor of tho colony, ho should rocoive knightago rank as a matter of courso. His friends say that ho has twice doolinod tho • ^cjyotu%,_but on tho other hand there are many .,axuong/p^p;yknoyvhxg official onos who say that tho distinctioii^ias never been offorod. It is known, liow 'j31Le£'i thd Chiof Justico, after boing at first rocoivdd with 'much coldness by Lord Knntsford, ^pbsecm^tdy .Contrived to get along amazingly woll ^jjiJib. the •' Downing-stroot pooplo, and that ho has gone ■ homo happy, which moans that ho has prob ably soeurod tho offer of a Privy-Councillorship for tho next now yoar's bat<»h of honours Me. John Gavan Duffy, tho Postmastor-Gonoral, statod at tho dinnor givon to tho twolvo Poman Catholic Bishops assomblod at Ballarat last wook that four of his former schoolmasters in Iroland bocamo Bishops in Australia 5 that two woro now dead and tho otlior two woro prosent as ho spoko. Tho circumstanco rolatod by Mr. Duffy is an extra ordinary one. Tho facts are that Mr. Duffy, who is tho oldost son of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy by his first marriage (Sir Charlos has boon marriod throo times), was loft in Iroland in chargo of a rolativo wlion his fatlior and tho rost of tho family came to Australia in 1850. Mr. J. G. Duffy was sout to school to St. Lawronco O'Toolo's Seminary, Dublin, in connection with tho Catholic TJnivorsity of Iroland, of which tho lato Cardinal Newman was tho first roctor. Amongst tho profossors at St. Lawronco's woro tlio Hov. Matthow Quinn and tho Hov. Jamos Quinn, brothors, tho formor of whom bocamo first Bishop of Bathurst, Noav South Walos, and tho lattor of whom was croatod first Bisiiop of Brisbano, Quoonsland. Both of thoso prolatos are now doad. Tho profossors at tho sominary also includod tho Hov. Mr, Diumo and tho Hov. Mr. Byrno. Mr.Dunno is now Archbishop of Brisbano, and Mr. Byrno is socond Bishop of Bathurst. Both of thoso prolatos woro prosont at tho dinnor givon in tho Collogo of tho Holy Ghost, Ballarat, whon Mr. Duffy told tho company tho history of tho mon who taught him his hie, hucc, hoa. Viscount Deorliurst has cortainly soon much aoro of what soino pooplo aro plonsod to oall " life " ban many young mon of his ago. Soon aftor ho oft collogo ho oamo out to Molbourno, wlioro ho aotod s private soorotary to tho Govornor of Victoria, and ho hoir to tho Covontry titlo and ostatos went tho aco so woll during his rosidonco in Australia that n his return to England ho had to malco tho host rrangomont possiblo with his oroditors. Pond of Johomianism and a roving life, tlio young Viscount, diois now only 2'.li years of ago, soino fow months go joined tho Bandolpliian oxplorlng party in South ifrioa, and private lottors toll of his narrow osoapo rom death in tho bush. Starting off on a Sunday ftornoon on a shooting oxoursion, aocompaniod by Ir. Llowolyn, son of tho popular M.P. for North lomorsot, arid Mr. Goddard, 0110 of tho party just loforo dusk shot a very flno door. Although milos way from tlioir oamp, tho young Visoount insistod mon fotohing a pack-horso to carry away tho oar aso whila. tho othor two guarded, the trophy, toaohing tho oamp in safoty, ho soourod tho papk Lorso, but soon aftor ho startod on his roturn ournoy ho lost tho trade in tho bush, and wandorod ,bout for hours and hours, oxpooting ovpry moment 0 como aoross a lion or two, whoso roaring' could bo mard in oloso proximity. It was ono o oloolc in tlio uorning boforo ho again stumblod on tho right road, -lo was lod to tho plaoo wlioro his irlonds had also hihsocI an "awful tuno" by tha sonolco from the five sdiioh thoy hnd'lit to lcoop thomsolvos warm. 