THE DOCTOES SHOOK THEIE HEADS. 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American re cently. Now, a million dollars 06200,000) ia a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaekin, of No. 3 Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story; and he shall tell it in his own wav. ? Mr Gaskm goes on to say — 'Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Not tingham, my appetite foil away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I beoame ex hausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. - 'I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was liVe a ghost walking about, and my friends said it Was all up with me. For eighteen months I' kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. ' So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor , recommendation to the' 'Derbyshire.; 'In-'' , firmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and: I saw my club doctor, and also two doctors^ at Derby. The first ono said, ' You are in a' galloping consumption and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. ' Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and ' spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacup ful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear thephlegm would choice mo. At this time the whiteB of my eyes turned ' jellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold olammy ? sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown, leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three ' weeks. . . ? : ? ?? - ? v '- , ' I managed to get up for a few hours at/ a time, but was so weak I had to take hold'1 of the furniture to vno.ve a few yardB. 'I : was always tired and weary, and sitting or ? lying, :wa8 never at ease and got no' real' rest. To -weak. to read :I often' sat ; for hon.rs looking at my ? hands— nothing but' ' skin and bone, and ' was so nervous ? I ' couldn't bear the least noise, and 'the children at play quite upset me. ? , ; : :' The doctor kept on'1 attending: me, but | be said, 'I candoyou no good ; I can only ' patch you up, because your lungs are dis eased. I then gave over taking his medicine ] and tried everythingl could hear of. One. thing was a cough cure from' London, that cost 22s a' bottle. But nothing did any. . good, and my' friends who came to see' me said, ' Well you won't cough much longer, ; you haiie merely to prepare for another' world.'- ' : ? ' ? ' ' ! ;' '??''.'. '?- ' About the middle of March, 1889, a . neighbour named Joseph Tatham, -who works in the paper, mills; at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' and told me how be had , been cured after being. in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at : Mr Smith's storeB, in Victoria- street; After . the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep, and ? felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got.easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for, a short walk. By the end . of a fortnight I went to see my master, whe asked. what . had wrought the improvement, and I told.; him, as I tell every one, that Mother i Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. , I com menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. , . ?'????; 'Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' ' ?' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin : requpsts us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener , Darley - Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts ,; alleged. . Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. ?-:.',. Now, what ? was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consump tion, certainly {as one of the doctors thought), . or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse- - for Eeven years. His complaint was ohrbnic ' inflammatory dyspepia (or chronic gastric catarrh); which has lung symptoms like r consumption, for which it is so' often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. . When the: right remedy, Mother Seigel's ' Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases, of the digestive tract do yield to that 'magnificent preparation. We heartily ?-- congratulate Mr Gaskin on his reooveryy-x i and commend the facts of his case to all thinking: people: ????? :????'?.-.????:': : ? ? ???rx-l ?v ' x.:-a- ? '?:?: ?'? ..:???. ';.!'.-:?;? A- . ;,??;. -yrcYi- 