S LI PPJNGS. NOT TO BE WONDERED AT.--Mabel 'How palo the moon is!' Josephus 'Yes; it has been out until quite Into for several nights.' Who swore hot oaths, and shook his fist, and showed me all the bills I'd missed, then put me on the black black-list My tailor. MODERN CuivALRnY.-Aiwkward Misa (withlan umbrella)-' Beg pardon i' l'olito gentleman-' Don't mention it. I have another eye left.' 'Ma, the minister is coming.' 'What makes you think so l Did you see him?' 'No; but I saw pa take the parrot and. lock it up in the stable.' ON BOARD A .IECORtD Soaslure -For ward Watch-' Eight bells, and all's well.' SEa- sick Old Ledy-' He wouldn't say so if he knew how badly I felt.'. otoarirs:ir aniiiuaeor.-Ths mia ar -' Jolney, are you agood bLoy ? '.Tohney, 'No, but I was before your little boy moved into the ne'ghbourhood.' AnTisT-' I am thinking seriously tf presenting one of my'paintings to some public institution. Which one would you suggest?' Candid Friend-' The asylum for the blind.' SuE LErr EA.UT.-Miss Antique (school teacher) -' What does w h-i-t-e spell ?' Class-no answer. Miss Antique-'What is the colour of my skin?' Cla:: (in chorns)-' Yellow.' PAosSEoo? (showing numbered key to etowart of steamboat)-' Can you tell me where to find my berth?' Stewart(who has been imbibing too freely)-' Yessbhir I In the family Bible.' DEALING IN FurunEs.-Brown--' You may laugh at Beatloigh, but he's no fool. He knows his A, B, C.' Fogg-' He may know them, but all the letters he has use for of late years are I, O, U.' A nasour little girl, noticing among the company at her father's residence on a certain occasion a gentleman whose face was considerable pock-marked, inquired who the ' moth-eaten gentleman was.' Tee V WANT SUPPLIED.-Poet-'I have here some verses I would like to submit. They are not perfect, I admit; perhaps they want fire- .' Editor-' You are quite right, sir, fire is what they want.' Gaocsn.-' Well, sonny, what can I do for you?' Sonny-' Me madder sent me back wld the butter and wine. She sad she ordered new butter an' old wine, an' she thinks you've got the wintagen mixed up.' -" ItrosSIBLE.-Visitor-' I judge from your talk that the season has not been a very profitable one for the sea-side hotels. Proprietor-' Well, we might have done worse.' Visitor-' Not in the dining room.' Maas. N. Pecg--' So you thought I was tan angel once, did you I' Mr N. Peck 'No! but I live in hope that you soon will be, though!' IT's all rot' If I had written, what Tennyson has written, I wouldn't be fam ous,' said Sneerwall. 'That may be so but it worl.^ both ways. If Tennyson iead mwitten th -duff you write he wouldn't be famous.'. No ,Dounr on IT.-' And. pray;lwhy didn't you put new buttons on my shirts ' asked Oatmeal of his washerwoman. 'Shure, sir, because it's meself was thinkin' ye'd be afther needin' new shirts on the buttons.' Too GENEaOUS.-' Is your lhuabnad a very generous man?' 'Indeed he is. You remember those nice cigars I gave him for a birthday presentl Well, he smoked only one and gave all the othe's away to his friends.' How IT WAs M3ADE.-Little Johney ' You ought to have seen Mr. Merrit and sister make lemonade.' lrs. Brown 'How did they do it 1' Little Johncy 'Cora held the lemon while Mr. Merrit squeezed Cora.' KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.-' Uncle Rantus, are you afraid of ghosts ?' ' Yesslr. I doan' like ghosses.' 'Well, I merely wanted to warn you that my chiken house was haunted.' 'Haunted? No, sab, 'taint. I done been dar 'foredie, honey. ' AuE you going to Queenscliffe this sum mer ?' asked one young woman of another. 'No,' was the reply. 'I don't think it would be of any use. Susie and Besaie both got married last season, and I don't suppose that pa could support another husband.' He DECLIlNe , WITa TiuANs -A famous surgeon advised one of his patients to undergo an operation. 'Is it very very severe?' asked the patient. 'Not for the patient,' says the doctor-' we put them to sleep-but very hard on the operator.' ' How so?' ' We suffer terribly from anxiety. Just think-it only su? ceeds once in a hundred times I' 