Wolf UNIT? -TBE'INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES ~ GUIDES US AGAINST Gift WELL: "do. I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, "but I i q believe in the ministration of spirits. " This, is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted licensee are rented without great difficulty, in the land; jtQri] is willing to Cessnock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar, influence swaying our untapped. We are led. to do things we should not do of our own.. V'olitiqti^-tlie wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards then we wonder, how we came to do them. -We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always the, which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age. results are what people are looking after. They. believe in wh.at.tbey/j* see; the evidence of things not seen is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants, to get well; he cares little who!; medical method is employed if it cures. Bap of it does not care he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, fining inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it. is sometimes if some influence induces, investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmqtxlson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st QetolHir, 1890: "During the past 16 years, I have been ailing periodically from -serious affection of. the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized; visit h s^ilih^ng.paiiis in the back, I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. FQi-yeAfls I think a. guttered, and J thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring await a more serious disease. Finally it died the effects of - Warner's safe cure, and not until then duly, * experience any amelioration in my condition The use of this medicine speedily wrought a-, great change and four bottles effected a fine piece cure." Note what Mr. Henry says-:. 30th October, lfJ90-For some years I have, been, suffering from frequent attacks off, grave', often with unbeatable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with stagnation of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resort- ing to. Warner's safe cure, of what I took four bottles, when the acute gains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to } healthy action. 