CENTENARY OF WEST'S DEATH. A very largely attended public meeting was held last night in the Centenary Hall in connection with the Wesleyan Conference, to celebrate the centenary of John Wesley's death. After devotional exercises, the Hon. E. Webb, M. b C, was called to the chair. After congratulating Rev G. Brown upon his crown than to the position of President of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, Mr W mi said that the Missionary Society of their Church had resolved to celebrate the centenary of Wesley's death by inaugurating a new departure in missionary enterprise He would be pardoned for making some allusion to the life and career of the founder of Methodism John Wesley was a man before his time Had he devoted his energies and talents to politics, he would certainly have made a great name as a politician and statesman. he had so moulded the constitution of the Methodist Church as to ensure the progress and prosperity which had ensued. Some people said that if Wesley could behold the Methodist Church of to-day, he would not recognise it He (Mr Webb) ventured to think otherwise (Applause ). In spirit and work, as in doctrine, their Church had only fulfilled the ideal of its founder. Their missionary society only sought to extend the influence of and power of Wesleyan Methodism. They had decided to accept the invitation of Sir Wm MacGregor to establish Wesleyan Missions in New Guinea, 'The work of the Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society had done more to civilise Fiji, Tonga, and other islands of the Pacific than any other power. (Applause ) If the career in these islands had been so successful, should they not seek to make the proposed mission to New Guinea equally blessed and prosperous i (Applause ) Rev G. BitovvN said he was very glad to find the Methodist people of Sydney had still a warm place in their hearts for foreign mission work. He had beoiijravollmg lately in New Guinea. He had been at home himself but 10 days out of the last nine months During that time he had visited most of the islands lying off New Guinea and he purposed giving them a short outline of what he saw and did there it was the most wonderful journey he had ever taken, and he had taken some strange once. New Guinea was a very large country. Though several other motions had been established in that country there was no reason to fear conflict with other societies. there was a deal of freemasonry among missionaries, and he was treated with most hospitable kindness by that honoured missionary, Roy G. W Lawson, (Applause.) He proceeded from Port Moresby, the headquarters of the London Missionary Society, to the southward in the steam yacht Merrie England He had been the guest of Sir William MacGregor (applause) of whose kindness he wished to hour public testimony. From the South coast they voyaged along the east coast and among a large number of islands The field of work opened there was large "enough to tax the Methodist Church for many genera- tions to come. An to the people, they are an exceptionally fine race of people. They are well dressed for natives The inlands of the adjacent archipelago are thickly populated. In one day the Governor passed through 31 villages on one island. At Doha, he trusted ere long they would have a mission established. The island had a bad name, and he had been warned against going among them. When he landed there he found the people were not so bad as they were originally in New Britain. How long was it since the New Britain Mission was the scene of murder and cannihali»m,whon teachers and missionaries were killed by the natives ? He would say nothing now of the number of stations fully equipped with teachers and inl»sloii»rles He would say nothing of the thousands of adherents to the Church in that centre now, but he would quote from a paper enrolled by Mr. Bickan» easy that afternoon ; Contribution to the mission work £184" (applause.) That was the contribution of the New Britain natives to foreign mission work (Applause ) "w by, a few years ago the people had not a cent, and not even a pocket to put it in (Laughter 1 Talk about civilisation, where could they equal that No power civilised the savage races half so quickly as the gospel If they resolved to take up this work it would mean the bearing a considerable burden They would require funds to plant four white missionaries are as many a area of work, and they months a small vessel similar to that launched by the onden Miss sionary Society lately in order to successfully inaugu- rate and sustain intermission He wished to faithfully explain the difficulties and responsibilities of the work, not to discourage them but to enable them earnestly to feel and take up the obligations of the position He hoped they would strain a point in connection with this mission until it became self support- ing and New Guinea natives themselves became preachers of the gospel Then they might go further west still until they joined hands with the mission workers of China and the East, and the islands of the sea became part of the kingdom of God and His Christ Rev S CHAI MAV, of Melbourne, who was received with hearty applause expressed his thanks at being asked to Bland on that platform and Ray how thankful he was to be permitted to pay his tribute of respect to that great and grand man, John Wesley Wesley I belonged not only to the Methodist Church but to Christendom A missionary once when he was speaking of the Himalayas, said that in order to see the grandeur of those glorious peaks you had to stand off a distance of 200 miles And so it seemed to him that his Methodist brethren stood 0 close to John Wesley that they were unable to see how grand and glorious was the man whose name they bore the thought that as an humble representative of another denomination, he stood at a distance which enabled him to more properly appreciate the greatness of the noble Wesley (Cheers.) They were fortunate that John Wesley was a free v, high grew in their garden, but others remained in the fact that the branches had not only gross n over the walls, but overshadowed all others and the leaves were for the hearing of the nations and the fruit was sweet to the taste (Loud cheers ) in the Highlands of Scotland they might see, if they were there, heaps of stones which might be mistaken for surveyor's hope for trigonometrical purposes It was not that. But it was one of the cairn which had been raised in honor of some old chieftain, and it was the custom for the followers to be led out and place a stone upon it as a tribute to the hero in whose honor the cairn had been raised So he had come here to-night to place a stone upon the cairn they had raised in honour of John Wesley, and as he did it he cried, "AH honour to the bore and its glory to the God who gave them the man " (Loud applause . He was glad that the celebration of the death of a colony and the inauguration of the New Guinea mission were linked together in that grand meeting in that noble hall He regarded revival of the missionary spirit as inseparable from an increased spiritual life and what God hath joined together let no man put asunder The revival of missionary effort and spiritual life which had been blessings Great Britain and America had come to Australia, and he was looking for, proving for and getting ready for the outpouring of the emotion of the Holy Ghost (Apply rose ) He ss is almost inclined to think that the ros it al was then Ihn people an Scripture times were praying for PoUr s dolls cranes from prison were praying so hard that they did not hear Peter knocking at the door waiting to come in The revival was at the door-(cheers)-and while they were playing, thus " Lord rest is of Thy work " it seemed to him that they heard a round of coming blessing, so that they should be ready to exclaim, " It is the world we have willed for Him it hour God, He will come and save us ' (Lou 1 apples. c ) Rev Dr Kniwvoi spoke chiefly radio influence of the lives of great men upon the world The history ofthouorlll furnished many bright examples of the effect of the lives of the great and a rod upon the destinies of the human race 1 he ss is born of Socrates the philosophy of Plato, to science and logic of Aristotle formed the bondage of mankind to day we., too, in religion and experience of Christian service, the glory of the past overhung and illumined the present. Paton is still with us in the sub rally of his lofty themes the divine fire of "a his faith driven home by the force of his logic upon the hearts and consciences of all So in later years the world was moved as it listened to the trumpet blast of Luther's voice, and felt the endurance and courage of his lion heart The lives of 'Vi yeliffo and Cranmer, lyndall and many others were as beacon lights allow- ing them the path which it was their interest as well as their duty to follow the world owed much to the memories of these might) men how much they could only know when the scroll of eternity was unrolled before the gaze of angels and men He would not be charged with presump urns land turn for claiming a position among the mightiest names of the past for John Wesley Any who knows the character of his life and the results of his labours would not deny the faithfulness of the eulogium s passed upon him by Robert Southey and Lord Macaulay John WOMEN'S mind was keen in discerning truths Like the sun- light which made luminous everything upon which it shone so his mind made the truth luminous upon which it was con contrite 1 He possessed a lordly power of will which guided by a calm judgment controlled by a quick and sensitive conscience, enabled him to stand against all the winds that blow By calm and patient p issuance of an example so high they might emulate John Wesley's ( races though it were impossible to name of his gifts John W eslov was a man of one word, jet a son c not be Id to be in consistent with attention to many important though minor matters of practical Christianity He exhibited an all round religion which touched his head - his heart his pocket so that though a man of small means he you had given away upwards of £10,000 in conditions beneficence There was an impractical north of Christianity assays ready to seek for visions of God, dreams of bliss ready .' to sit and sing itself away to realms of everlasting bliss " The grounds were well but should be wedded to noble service let them emulate this practical aspect of Wosloy'fl Christianity in respect to the New Guinea mission No more fitting celebration of the memory of him who had declared " The world in my parish could be conceived than the extension of the influence of the Church he founded into these dark abodes of heathenism A collection, amounting to upwards of £130 was than taken up Mr S K LLFS, M L A , moved a vote of thanks to the chairman the Hon T 1 13I.FNT-.ATI, M li C. (Queensland) in seconding the motion, declared that the Methodist Church, in all its branches, was the largest Protestant ecclesiastical organisation in the world. The motion was carried with acclamation The CUAIUMAY having acknowledged the vote the audience dispersed after the Doxology had been sung and the benediction pronounced 