COBflTRHAT JO N SERVICE AT CASTERTOX. A confirmation service was held at Christ Church on Tuesday evening by the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of BaHarat, assisted by toe Vicar, the Rev. J. H. Mac- f&rlane;, and the Curate, toe Rev. A Martin. The church, which had been pret tily decorated, waa crowded to ita utmost capacity and thirtv-two candidates were presented for confirmation. The choir -was in full strength, and sang the hymns and responses with good effect. The service was chanted by the Curate with »t.<w11pii . intonation. Previous to administering the. rite of confirmation, the Bishop delivered a toorfc but impressive address, more especially directed to the candidates. He referred, with marked satisfaction, to the church work which had of late been done amongst them in Casterton ; and expressed bis heart felt gratification that the work had been blessed, and had borne good fruit. He was pleased to see such a crowded con gregation and so many pnr3?rtafco eager to receive the seal of promise. It was a great deal to accept frith, bat still more to have it sealed with toe Holy Spirit of promise. He instanced the promises which God had made to Abraham and Jacob, and how afterwards He had sealed and con firmed them. The descent of the Holy Ghost was another instance of the seal of promise. From what he had heard of the good work which had been done amongst them he, as St. Paul said, 41 Longed to see them that he might impart to them some JS&oftIgB8itnal; teaidtiSr'not presumptuously, for of himself he could do nothing without the aid of spiritual grace. The ordinances of the Church were nothing without spiritual power. They alt needed! spiritual gifts which were many and -varied. He fervently hoped and trusted that these gifts would be ben towed upon them and that the seal of the Holy Spirit" of promise, by which they wool i be confirmed, might leave upon them its ineffable trace to eternity. The Bishop then administered the rite of confirmation to the various candidates. A collection was made for the Home Mission fond, and the impressive ceremony concluded by the Bishop pronouncing the benediction. 