BROADBPU&rS; NEW YORK LETTER. Of all tlio days in the throo hundred and sixty-five, Independence Day is the particu lar one that has left 011 ine the deepest and most lasting impression. In New England fifty years ago there were only two regular holidays in the year—Fourth of July and Thanksgiving—and they were far enough apart to make each one welcome. The fourth of July was a summer holiday, and aside from the delights of fireworks and shotguns, the»e were gingerpop, sweet cakes covered with gold leaf, molasses candy, and other nameless luxuries, which are looked 011 with contempt by the present generation. Then there was tho chance to go swimming, and to seo the sojors. For the heroes of 1812 wore thick as huckleborries then, and tho old Rcvolutioners, not a few. Yes, Fourth of July was a big thing; we waited for it all tho jTear; saved up our coppers and went 011 a frightful spree on twenty-five cents. The country sojers who turned out with shotguns and old rusty flintlock mus kets, to do honor to Independence Day, may not have been able to march and wheel with the precision of the Seventh lieginient or the Bosom Tigers, but they were fighters all the same, and they loved their country, and they were the fathers of the boys who turned mit in 'Gl, and who didn't come back till '65, if they came back at all. Yes, Fourth of July has come and gone, but it came in such noiseless fashion and slipped away so quietly, that we hardly knew anything about it. We are getting very orderly, very diplomatic, and highly civilized; we can seo. deeper into a millstone than our grandfathers. We know the literary difl'er oncebetween Darwin and Moses, and Edison's phonograph may enable posterity to know just how smart we were, but it does seem to a plain .American ~\ho has not had nil the Yankee Doodle knocked out of him by Bac carat and Tranby Croft, that the whole some smell of a little burnt gunpowder, the sweet toot of a fife, the rattle of a snare drum, and a general hurrah for Uncle Sam and the Eagle, would make the Fourth of July seem more homeliko. But I can hear tho youthful patriots of 1891 say, old man come down—take a back seat ; oil, go take a swini. All right, boys ; I'm done ; good day. I thought I had buried Count Cheesboro about three years ago, and had him safe ' under groulid with a good heavy stone on top of him to keep him down, but like Alexander 1\. Stewart's ghost ho keeps bobbing up in the most unexpected places, and thus he ap peared in court last week,—not in the flesh, it is true, but in the person of his daughter who ir? fighting to got a portion of her father s estate, but who was thfoffn out of court on a legal technicality. The property for which the girl was battling was left to Cheesboro by his mother and to his legitimate children. Cheesboro, who was a dissipated old roue, iii&t; the girl's mother in Baltimore, and lived with her as hoi- faiisbftild ior sixteen years ; they travelled together all Wfef tn.fi united States and Europe. The mother swore enn/ she married him in Baltimore, and there was not the slightest doubt that the girl was; his daughter, but on the question of legitimacy they threw her out of court. Blnssus Cheesboro, or Count Cheesboro as iib called .himself, represented a class unfortunately too c'rJtnfnoll in New York. I don't know how many iiififineS I have been acquainted with among our ancient aristocracy whore the sons have remained in willing bachelorhood, and tho daughters in enforced maidenhood into ex treme old age. Mrs. Cheesboro was left a rich widow with two sons, and a couple of more disreputable, worthless vagabonds could scarcely be conceived. From the hour bf their births till the day of their deaths, they nevci* did. one Usofnl or reputable thing, but having plfe'fity of money they lived on the fat or tho land, despised the poor and preyed upon the innocent and un suspecting. They put on immenso airs, boasted of their blue blood, and hunted up a coat of arms and a crest for the family carri age. Whilo in Germany at the sale of the effects of ait old ostatei he got hold of a lot of family plate with a coat of arms and a monogram C engraved on them. lie b'rfJtight them back to the United States, and set up as a scion of nobility. A more pitiable siaht could scarcely bo imagined, than this dis reputable ancient roue, as he ambled along the sunny side of Broadway of an afternoon ogling the women through a glass which he held in one eye, and twirling his walking cane with the air of a young buck of twenty. Time and dissipation had left few hairs on Ilia Head, tllo loss being indifferently re paired by a doal black toupee. His withered face was garnished with a poor old mollstache which, was dyed black like his hair, his eye brows were pencilled, and even his eye lashes did not escape the hand of the friendly artist ; he wore tight pants generally of light color, coats that fitted him liko his skin, loud vests, frilled shirts and coloured neck ties of the most pronounced patterns. His jewellery was flashy and vulgar—though valu able, for he made it a point to liavo the best, of everything that money could buy. He gener ally Stifiied his glove in one hand and his canein the other,' jus UHgloyed hand dis playing some valuable rings, supposed to' be heirloom's iij. the family. Bis crowning infamy was the deserting of his wife or reputed wife and daughter, a few years before his death. Ho had no direct heirs to his property, which notwithstanding his ex travagance, was considerable,—but he left it to be fought for by a hit of people whom he never acknowledged while alive ; and finally exhausted and worn out with dissip ation Srttik into a dishonored grave. I know six wealthy families at the present time whose lives have been made ii b'mlen by the conduct of their sons on whom tlioy have lavished thousands of dollars, young men to whom the grandest business opportunities have been offered, and who have thrown them away. One, a short time ago, blew out his brains in his father's dining ro' im. This week the only son of rich parents was sent to the State Reformatory for netting fire to several houses, where two people were burned to death. Last week the son of one of Brooklyn's most respectable residents was detected in window smashing arid a series of petty larcenies where the plunder he secured was . so insignificant that' it could "be no fjcisgib'ie eicilse fot tlie crime. In the case of tho incendii'ir>' It ivrts pure cussed ness ; he had everything that lifc'aft could .Wish far, a beautiful home, a father and fiiother who idolized him, horses, carriages, servants— everything ; yet he stolo out of his house night after night, bought benzino. and set fire to tenement houses, and then stood off and enjoyed the fun as t-lie" house blnsed up and tho wretched tenants tumbled into the street with their children, while thoir little property perished in the flames. In one..of tlie Iiot'sestwo people were burned to death. This case comes Hs hSdr total depravity as any thing I ever met. Speaking of total depravity—tlip coiivic tion of-Ameer Ben Ali, an Algerian, for the murder of a wretched creature of the slums— Ifl a Wfttt^r of congratulation. I have forborn up to the jir&ect; time mentioning this terrible crime in these lcttcts, though all the papers in New York were full of it, and it has excited more interest than any murder committed this year. - the parties con cerned, principals and. witnesses, ■ were ,le vilest of the vile, and . tho house whero tfin crime, was committed was a den.that affordB shelter to just such a class. It was per petrated in the peculiar manner that .has rendered tha region of Whltechapel a name less horror for tho past. two years. It is believed by many here that Ameer Ben Ali is the Whitechapel fiend. By tho pig hendedness of a juror lie was saved from the electric chair, so that the other eleven were compelled to agree to a compromise ver dict, ivhich involves a lifo sentence. Every* body id glad that the liorroi is ovei*j and we ■Want to forget it as Soon as possible. O'ide more Coney Island is in a blaze of gitiry, iind all New York 'aiid Brooklyn that can't get away iliiywliere else,are making tlie most of it. Not that the company is by any means entirely composed of the Home Guard, for this week the sands of Manhattan Bcach were presscd'by the feet of Royalty, Prince Georgn of Greece giving the seaside home of Brooklyn and New York a Royal christening. Apropos of Prince George : Although his stay was brief, he goes from us with the reputation of a thoroughly good fellow. A self-respecting gentleman, he won favor with everybody, and if chance should throw him this way again he may rest assured of a hearty American welcome. He is put up like a king. Only about twenty three, he stands about six feet two or three in his stockings, and has a complexion as rosy as a girl. He has a good honest face, fine blue eyes, and fair hair like the purest of the Danish stock from which ho springs. His grandfather's familyhascontributed some of the best royal blood to tho principal thrones in Europe, and it looks as though the future King of Greece would sustain the honor of his race. But to return to Coney Island. The war of the cornets, bassoons and fiddles begins once more, and they propose to make things lively "By the sad sea waves." Herr Anton Seidl with a splendid orchestra is at Brighton Beach, and the only Patrick Sarsfield Gil moro is delighting the'visitors at Manhattan. It is useless to attempt to compare these two distinguished leaders, for in nothing are they alike ; their methods are unlike—the-e is not the slightest resemblanco in their styles, and the audiences differ as much as the leaders. Herr Seidl is a thorough Wagnerite ; ho be lieves he has a mission, and that to educate the people up to his own sublime standard— crashes and dashes, slashes and booms that sondd liko the harshest discord to uneducated ears ; to the ear of "tho Wagnerite it has a sublime and mysterious meaning. Herr Seidl has a heavy following. The Germans as a class swear by him. The Jews who are a music loving people flock to Brighton Beach by thousands. Then he has a large female following of that class which desires to be thought away, away, away up in music, and I may add that the gentleman is worthy of all the praise and esteem that is lavished on him. But when it comes to personal popularity ; to the music that stirs the heart of the mil lion ; to tho music that sets your feet going ; to tho music that you keep humming or whistling till you drop off to sleep at night, and still find running in your head when you wake up in the morning—give me Patrick Gilmoro against tho world. Tho difference in the two orchestras may be summed up thus : Seidl's orchestra respect and fear him; they look upon him as he looks upon him self, as a being of superior clay. Gilmore's band respect and love him, and while a strict disciplinarian from bug association, they are like a great big happy family. I personally met him first in Paris in 1878. I have watched him closely since then, and I have come to the conclusion that in all the elements of a popular musician there is only ■ one Paddv Giimore. BROADBRIM. 