THE TBAVEiiEB. Trip to Europe. (By Mas W I. Thrower). Ho. 31. A VISIT TJ ROCHES TEE. Apart from the interest attached to old Rochester with its splendid castle— one of the best preserved remains of ancient feudal days which exists in England— the city and . its , vicinity possess an additional claim upon the attention of the tourist;, inasmuch as it abounds with associ ations of the greatest of modern novelists — Charles Dickens. — To wander about thn quaint streets of the city, to visit the localities rendered immortal in the. pages of Pickwick and other works, would be a treat of no common order to any one who feels interested in visiting places which p assess a ' history,' but to see them as I was privileged to do in the company of one who; was an enthusiast in oil! that relate3 to his favorite author, and; who knows every inch of the ground in the locality, was, as may be imagined, a very enjoyable experience for me. My visit to Rochester was made in company with Mr J. Hearnden, R.N., a gentleman who has mad) some successful essays in the world of literature himself, and who haB now in the publisher's hands, a poetical description of a very interesting legend connected with Rochester Castle. Our first visit was to the castle itself, a glorious view of which was pressnted as we approached the old city from the station at Strood. The outer walls which encircled the castle itself ar only partially standing, with here and thera the remains of a massive tower, over the crumbling remnant great masses of ivy now grow, and within the spaca around the cas'.le ones enclosed by tho walls ; the grounds which are exquisitely laid oat, were brilliant at the time of my visit with a wealth of bloom, the golden, white, roae, and crimson chrysanthemums serving to relieve by their brightness the g'oom which is generally inseparable from all great buildings which have become a total ruin. The history of Rochester i astle, or rather of its origin appears to be involved in uncertainty but it is considered to date from the earliest Saxon times, although there can be no doubt that the super structure of which the remains now exist is of the Norman perioi, for its architecture is distinctly of the Norman style. It has its four great towers still entire, aha the battlsroents by which thoy ara connected is distinctly of the Norman style. Prom the latter a magniftcient view of the surrounding couutry is obtainable, bu*, as a thick haze hung over everything at a distance when I ascended, of courf e it was impoisible to see beyond the city itself. But 06 it was with tho old cistls itself that I was chiefly interested, I did not so much regret .the absence of the view I had bean promised, for I was lost in wonder at th9 great strength and beauty of this once important stronghold. From the battlements as I looked down into the interior, I could trace the great banquett ing hall with its galleries still running around it, the huge Norman pillars with matchless arches, ond 'dogs-tooth' sculp tures as perfect as though they were erected but twenty years ago, these arche3 were used instead of doors for purposes of egress and ingressand were formerly hung with rich tapeBtrias ; upon the flooor above was the great reception room, this as well as the banqueting-hall occup'ed the entire length and breadth of the building, excepting that portion which was taken up by the corridors and galleries which were carried round The sleeping apartmento of (he lords and ladies were upon the upper floor, the servants and household officers upon the ground floor, and beneath the castle were the dark and noisome duDgeons which were a feature of all old feudal castles, but those at Rochester CnsMa have been closed long since, There is a curious story connected with this old castle, like so many other legends of the kind, it is based solely on tradition, bnt I understand that it belongs to,. 'the, time .'of- the Crusades, although.! could not ascertain' the name of the ,&c;:ors of -the supposed drama, bat as/ the story goes.' a lidy whose knight had ridden foith to' fight in Palestine, was in his absjnee 'cruelly ' murdered' in a: turret chamber in'the castle upbzrSti'Mark'u Eve,' and her body was concealed in the ground beneath; it is said that upon every anniver sary o£ the event a lady's arm and hand surrounded by aliminous k:z), has has appeared at the window of this chamber and printed to' the spot wherethe body waB concealed, bat as no one in modern times has seen tne vision, it may be pre sumed that the ghost is ' laid '; upon this legend, Mr Hearnden's romauce iu verse of 'The Lady of Rochester Castle' is based ; he pointed out to me the very window; In the centre of one o! the thick walls of the castle still oxists a circular passage from thelowesSto the topmoatstory through which a great vessel of water was drawn the well which supplied the liquid is still at its base although it is now closed. A great many of the old stone steps in the winding stairs of the turrets by which wo ascended are still in their places, some of them are said to have been placed where they are soon after the Norman Conquest. ' After leaviug' the castle, we visited tho Hathedral which is at no great distance Tiiis, also, is for the greater part of Norman design, bat it lias a mixture of styles, some portions being ot the early English pointed style. Tae in teriordoBsnotstrike one with the same sense of grandeur as do many cathedrals I have seen in other parts of England, but that is probably owing to the fact that it is about the smallest in .its proportions of any of them. The interior of the roof in the nave and aisles too is poor, and not in keeping with the beautifully sculptured Normau trlforiutn arches, and the massive pillars which support them. But the West Door of the twelfth century period is as beau tiful as any . one could desire, and I have seldom seen anything of ancient workman ship which I have admired so much. Its clustered columns and arches are rich with sculptures and a group of eculptured figures over the centre are so time-worn as to be almost unrecognisable; the niches by which the western front of the Cathedral is adorned, are all, save one, tenantless. A work of restoration is now going on upon the exterior. After we left the Cathedral we went through the Close, with its beau tiful old gateways, and quaint houses. We walked through 'Minor Canon Row,' described by Dickens in his ' Mystery of Brood,' and saw the curious xow of red brick tenements, with their odd little porches over the doors like sounding boards over old pulpits, and then we went on to see the famous ' Watts' Charity,' or as it is better known, ' the Seven Poor Travellers.' This charity was founded by Richard Watts in 1679, and is still in a very flourishing state: The house in which the charity is administered is of very curious aspect. It has a front orna mented with three gables. Over the centre doorway is the following inscription, ' Richard Watts, Ejq , by his will, dated 22nd August, 1679, founded this Charity for Six Poor Travellers, ? ' who riot being Eogu°s or Proctors, ' may receive gratis for one night, Lodging, Entertainment, and Four pence' each.' Every night six travellers who have not wherewithal to pay for their lodging are selected by an officer appointed for. the purpose (for there are always applicants in excess of the number to be admitted) and these are provided with accommodation for the night. This consists of half b pound of good meat, one pound of bread, and half a pint of porter each, a good clean comfortable bed in separate room, and four pence at leaving the following morn ing. We inspected the six little bed chambers, and found them spotlessly clean, with every, requisite for pasBing a restful night within, each having a .fire-place as stipulated by the terms of the founder's will. There is, besides, a cosy little room wherein the meat, bread, and porter are served, and a vestibule in which lavatory operations are performed. In the dining room was a cheery looking fire, and upon the table, ready for that evening's travellers stoid a tray with six mugs, fix pipe1, plates, etc , truly a haven of resi tuch us greets but seldom many of the way-worn pilgrims who Had their shelter here. The charity, which at the time of its institu tion enjoyed only an income of £30 p:r annum, has, through the rise in value of the property bequeathed, now become possessed of about £5000 yearly, and has devoted the rest of its f ands to an hospital and almshouses for nged men and women ; the Poor Tcavallers institution remaining as it waB originally. It is frequently called uiw the 'Seven Poir Travellers' from the title of a tale written by Dickens, who visited this place and enrolled him self as the 'Beventh.' His autograph in tho visitors bjok which I saw is now one of the interesting features of the institu tion! Before leaving Rochester we went to visit the Bull Hotel, in which .Mr Pickwick and his friends were lodged, and ia which the famous dance was held. The ball room, grand BSairciEe, and c. fide-room aro all aB they were described by D.ckenain his memorable work, and the loom in which Dickens wrote so many of his books before he resided at Gad'e Hill wns exhibited to us. It is full of beautiful old Chippendale chairs, tables and cabinets, which are now almost priceless in value. The bad chamber in wnich Mr Pickwick went through his amusing adventure with the lady in the ' curl p ipers' is there too. and altogether the hotel is as curious as I could suppos3 bsford seeiogit actually; it is full of stairs and passages which seem to meet you at every turn. We drove past Gad's Hill House, not at present open to visitors, as it has recently changed owners. I remarked the two magnifljent cedars which ore opposite the house, nnd bsneath which is the passage by which Dickens Eassed backwards and forwards from his ouje to the Swiss chalet in the garden where so much of his literary work wa3 done. Not far from G id's Hill, and opposite to it is the P.lstaff Inn, a house dating from Queen Annb'd time. It occupies the eite ot the self-same hostelry in which FalstaOE's adventure was described by Shakepeare. It formerly had on old fashioned swinging sfgn representing Pal staff fighting with men in buckram suits on one side, and upon the other Falstuff being pitched into the Th&mes; from a basket, the merry wives of Wtn&eor; looking on approvingly, The short November day now drawing, to it's . close, admonished us that my eight seeing for the day was over, and although I would have greatly liked to see some of the many. other places of interest with which Rochester abound?, I was reluctantly obliged to give up all, idea of doing so, 