;e^d. Madame Mblba.—A London paper Buys :—" Madame Melba, whose re turn to Coyent Garden this week has been so warmly welcomed,. is the daughter of Mr. David Mitchell, a wealthy builder and contractor of Melbourne. Coining from a Presby terian spook, her people naturally were somewhat chagrined at first when she took to concert balls apd accepted the position of principal soprano in St. Francis' Roman Catholic Church, where the,,best sacred inuBic in Mel bourne has always been heard. But now that she has developed into a prima.donna of English repute they are all proud of her. In private life she is Mrs. Armstrong. Hep, husband was for some time manager of a sugar plantation in Queensland. He attained celebrity as an athlete, and his Aus tralian soubriquet is "Kangaroo Charley." Will wh gbt Homb Bulb?—In a speeeh at Limerick Dr. Croke is reported to have spid—I am greatly afraid tha^' I shall1 never see a Parlia ment in College Green. I am greatly afraid the cause iB lost. Are we really fit' for;^ine'tEtfile^ and do we deserve it? Withth the laBt fodi months! have heard several' standCh. and 'intelligent Irishmen that~BohsideringaU that has debarred- inour1 midst-sinee-the revelatiUng in the ' London Divorce Court, -and the strange turn that some of the IriaTi party and a' certain section of bur people have taken, preferring the ibterejBt bf one than-: to the cause of theirT~country*" we;: have ;ig3rsh-< both fridnda; and [ {oka - reas6h to believe that -We'ari^at present utterly unfitfOrHome Rule. ■ ■" i-U'fi;: "• ' *:"••• Qfthe Wash •Dgton U^w^ JvetPs,Bpeakingupon the foregoing eubjeCr at^thB recent Con vention1 ftfeld in NevirYork, pertinently said—'' A.8 to the" great value of the -Catholic nevrepapers as advertising I need not speak, for you all -kicibw thajf the most' carefiilly repd -paper of the dap is the Catholic journal; not only is it read by one family, but is otten^ sent to others, so that the circulation of a gobil Catholic news paper is hard to estimate. Further more, lit .fa read by all classes of respectable society, the brawny laborer the refined belie; and the man of letters' These papers are often preserved' for reference, so that an advertisement in one of these journals becomes to a certain extent permanent. The value of advertisements fa greatly augmented by the character of the journals in which they appear. Those disreputable sheets have no value, certainly D0t among the resectable. In this Pght who can estimate the value of the Catholic newspaper as an advertising medium?" Thb Poor —A touching scene fsays " Tflpley,'' in Melbourne Advocate). came under my notice the other day. I was passing Dr. Fitzgerald's, and poting that a large crowd of poor peopl.p 8tood around % door, I stopped to ascertain the cause. As I did so, the door opened, and a servant out with about a score of, little packets, banding one—as far as they, went—to fiBch of thoBe waiting. They were Packages of broken food, and the waiters around the door were eager mendicants, waiting for a chance dinner. An J thia in rich and ' Marvellous Melbourne! Political.-—Autolycus writes in the Momp Barker Courier:—Bit Edwin Smith has matured' into a most slavish adherent of his bulky colleague. No member of the Cabinet can make a statement however trivial without securing the bearded knight's " Yeah yeah " of approval. Once Sir Edwin was an influence both within the House and beyond its borders, but in these levelling days ha has little weight except at his banker's. Mr. George Hawker, too, who has bean Speaker and Minister of the Crown, is now but tha ghost of bis former self. He creepB in and out of the House, speaks seldom, and " pairs " on every motion likely to carry a discussion beyond the chills of evening. His portrait on the walls of the chamber appears to have more animation than its now enfeebled original. Even Mr. Horn, the most vigorous of the old type of Con servatives, is out of place in the Assembly, and during his absence there has been no symptom of any feeling akin to a sense of loss or deprivation. Sir John Downer, Mr. Johnson, and Mr. Gilbert, are Conservatives with a tinge of Liberalism in their constitution^ and so they manage to escape sub mersion by the high tide of Radicalism now flowing. Cookbrt Boor.—We have received from the printers, Messrs. Scrymgour and Sons, King William Street, a handy little bopk, entitled the " Family Cookery Guide." It contains a great variety of recipes for preparing all kinds of dainty dishes, the instructions are plain and practical, and the book •ill be found of very great value to the practical housekeeper. The style in which the work is turned out reflects great credit on the printers. Football.—Teams representing the St. Patrick's No. 2, and St. Saviour's Brompton branch of the Hibernian Society, will play on the West Park Lands to- morrow afternoon. Lest season after a good contest the city brpnch won by a goal, and to-morrow's match is expected to be very exciting. St. Patrick's Branch, will be selected from the following—-H. P. Doughty, W. J. Denny, Fitzgerald, M. Fitz patrick, Forres tal, T. Healy, J. J. Hugh^, M. Keane, F. B. Keogb, Long, Malaan, McDermott, McNamara, Morrlssey, Murphy (3), O'Dea, O'Farreli, Pierce, Ryan, and Siebert. Irish National Federation.—The monthly meeting takes place on Monday evening, at the Democratic Club, Flin ders Street. Mr. F. F. Whololian will delivered*address -on "The Story of the^ Nation and its Founders." The subject fa a most interesting one, and fa iu gpod hands. We hope to see a large attetrdanoe. • aSojdth AusTBAiiiyi BdLDiNb and SoomiT,—We have re -otiv«d « 6opy of <be 21athalf-yeariy balance-sheet of this Society, and the past? half-year-appearato hairabteenda mofet salisfiiofcory ooe ipt aft! members. A divided at fipercent. per annumon ,fbft **»"»* Capital has'been declared/and fre£ath& revival in . the buildingtrdde andibe desire on the part of porsons to escape high rents there is every pros* petit of such satisfactory profits being HniBtained. . The Society is now in existence 10^ years and has a fair reserve ifitbdy: Thai Directors in' their report urge the members to bring tinder the notice .of their friends the fact that the Society is a Savings Institute and as such offers-greater facilities to young people -particularly to economise their savings, than is offered by savings bank. A new system of repayfnents is being prepared in which it is clearly shown that borrowers can obtain advances at more equitable rates - and considerably less interest than under the fixed mortgage principle.: At thebalf-yearly meeting, held-at the Society'soffice, Victoria Square west, on Tuesday evening, the Directors' report and balancer/sheet itw re adopted, apd the Directors, Messrs. J Bradley (Ohair-f man), M. Mannion, and E, F. Troy, complimented. p.o their.careful, manage ment of the business of the Society* Petition on Wednesday.—The Hon. J. Y. O'Loghlin presented a petition from the Archbishop, the C^ibolic clergy, and laity, against Eree Education. Australian Art.—We have seen several pictures by Mr. E. W. Christmas, a young colonial artist. The sketches are mostly of scenes in various parts of ■South Australia, and are of consider able merit. Mr. Christmas has been a most industrious worker, and has travelled a great deal through the country also, sketching as he' went, 3pfo displays a great love for his art, and has been very successful in trans ferring to cautfts various phases of Australian life. There are. n great wariety of subjects treated. We would mentioh as particularly striking "Water Carting," which will recall to many residents of Northern Yorke's Penin sula thedays anterior to the Beetaloo Waterworks. "After the Shower," "On the Road to Mount Pleasant," " On the Wallaby," and " Fog on the Torrens Bake" will be recognised as accurate representations of South Australian landscapes. Mr. Christmas, who is an enthusiast in his art, intends proceeding to Europe to prosecute his Studies, apd is disposing of oyer 100 of t paintinas on the art union principle. e pietur.es are valued at from £3 to £50 each. There is now a chance for those who wish to encourage Australian talent. The drawing will take place in July or August, under the supervision of a reliable committee. 