SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM JW ME. VlIOM A ljOMIOS L'OltllUsl'OXDl.M'. LONDON, Du-. 26!. The subject of Mr. Parnell is decidedly "off" for the present. But the following story, with which Mr. Matthews has been amusing his friends, may be worth record- ing. In his early days at the Home Office he found that his department was chronically much concerned about the doings and the safety of a mysterious gentleman residing in the Regent's-park, who never went out during the daylight, but for whom the horse was brought from some unknown stable every night. at about 10 o'clock. No sooner had the horse arrived than the gentleman, who had evidently been waiting for it behind the hall door, would dart out, mount, it, and gallop away towards Kilburn or Highgate as if the Evil One were at his heels. No one ever found out how or when he re-entered the house ; but certain it was that he did so, for each succeeding night found him awaiting his steed. The theory formed by Scotland-yard and the Home Office was that the gentleman knew himself to be marked for assassination', being probably a renegade Nihilist, or possibly a foreign voluptuary who had incurred the wrath of an insensate father. As four or five Russian Nihilists, or " Scopski," have been made away with in London during the last few years, the Home Office was urgent in its instructions to the police to take care of the mysterious gentleman, and shadow ony loiterers who might be hanging about when the horse was due. The beats were all doubled, and not the Queen herself was more an object of solicitude than the unknown one. has time it came to pass that one of the constables thus employed was promoted for his vigilance and intelligence to the division of police which guards therefore of Commons itself sandals he stood by the side of his new chief, Superintendent Jtorseley, what was his astonishment to see the recluse of Regent's-park respectfully saluted by the various members of the force and on his in- voluntarily exclaiming, End, if it ain't old Tam o' Shanter hisself," he was pressed for an explanation, which being in due course related to Mr. Matthews, led that astute men of the world to perceive that the recluse was haunted by a fear of nothing more formidable than the detectives of Captain O'Shea and the precautions previously performed were thenceforth re- laxed. It should be explained that at York terrace, Regent's-park, where the incidents happened, the hall door of each house is at the back, and is connected with the dwelling itself by a long passage. The front of each house joins on to a garden skirted by a road in the park itself, and Mr. Parnell probably found his way back " over the garden wall. I believe that the name of Sir John Pope Hennessy, M.P. for North Kilkenny, is not one of good odour in colonial nostrils. There is a humorous " Agent- General " in London who is used to say that the most important branch of his business has hitherto, consisted in pressing for periodical assurances from the Colonial Minister that Sir John shall not be sent to govern the colony which that Agent-General represents. Nevertheless, for Londoners who have only met him in his private capacity, the Pope, as he is called, is a quaint, sympathetic, witty, and likeable little person, overflowing with reminiscence -some of it venomous enough-and possess- ing mi enormous store of anecdote on every conceivable subject, from the history of murder as a fine art to that of old silver and Oriental enamels. His appearance is singularly pleasant ; till the more so since his hair became silvered. His features are refined, and his eyes of exceptional beauty, and he is always a dandy in his dress. His fellow- members of the Carlton are chronically in two minds, whether to expel him, or join him at his luncheon-table. Whether they will stand his coming into Parliament on the shoulders oftheGladstoniun section of the Irish Nationalists remains to be seen ; but hitherto the fact that he is "the best company in England " has served to obtain for him immunity from the consequences of his political aberrations. As a colonial Governor, Pope Hennessy's speciality vina his aptitude for driving his higher subordinates into a condition of frenzied, rebellion. How deep was the resentment which he could excite is illustrated by an anecdote which was told to me by an Englishman who visited Cyprus at the time when " the Pope " was a colonial Governor in another colony. In Cyprus my friend made the acquaintance of a high official who came from the colony which " the Pope " was actually governing, and who was serving at just half his former salary, but glad to make any sacrifice, both in pay and (as it will be seen in other conveniences of life, in order to be free from the terrors of serving under Sir John. The Crown colony from which he had fled happens to be singularly rich, and a model of luxurious elegance in all that re- rates to municipal life, such as the keeping of the streets and modes of transport. In Cyprus it is otherwise. The place is rough and uncivilised, and the natives are allowed to do much as they please, in their old' piggish way. One. night my friend and the official exile, together with the ladies of the latter's family, were returning from a Nicosia dance. There are no gas lamps in that capital, and the exiled one was leading the way with lantern. Presently the lantern disappeared, then the ladies, and, last of all my friend also-the whole party having tumbled into a deep 'ditch which some Greek had amused himself by cutting across the highway in order to obtain a water supply from the public con- duct. As the whole party were floundering in the slush of this living grave, the official exile (who was bottom of all) was heard feebly remarking to my friend, "Now, perhaps, you'll understand the strength and depth of my hatred for Hennessy. This isn't exactly; the way we go home from a bull in an old colony." The present week has witnessed a curious if not wholly edifying ceremony-the burial of a Duchess of Northumberland in the terribly corpse-crowded precincts of Westminster Abbey. So full is the available grave space that many question the judgment of Dean Bradley in allowing the interment of Robert Browning within the abbey! leven the space for mural tablets of. great men buried elsewhere has become so scarce that a movement is on foot for adding to the abbey a sort of annex" to serve us "national Walhalla," as it is called by Mr. Shaw Lefevre, the father of the project and this would long ago have been done if it had not involved cutting off a piece of Mr. Labouchere's back garden, avIio lives under the shadow of the abbey in a roomy old palace, which till he took it in hand had been for a century past occupied by dingy offices. Mr. Labouchere, by the way, is accustomed to declare that the chief attraction which the house has for him is that it possesses a subterranean passage excavated by some unknown conspirator of the past, and running right under the centre of the floor of the House of Lords and thus affording facilities for "sending" that institution if all chance of " mending " it fails. The opinion among antiquaries is that the passage was not excavated with any political object, but simply for convenience of smuggling hogsheads of foreign wine from barges adhesives. It would, however, obviously spoil a good joke to push on the work of clearing the debris so us to prove that the tunnel had an exit- at the river side, and beyond the point under the woolsack the passage remains blocked. However, to return to the obsequies of the duchess. The right of " the Percy's' " to bury in the abbey is a traditional one. Formerly other families claimed a similar right, but they have all waived it except the Northumberland Percy's, who probably cling to it all the more tenaciously because they are not Percy's, but Smitbsons in the mule line. Happily for the abbey authorities the Percy's have not always insisted on their rights. It is 100 years since a Duchess of Northumberland wines last buried in the abbey. The Inst Percy funeral in the abbey, or at all events the last which excited any public notice, was that of Hugh, third Duke of Northumber- ' land, who died in February, 1917 the last " but one of an extinct branch of the Smith son Percy, noted for the physical misfortunes of their first re)irepenlativcs, Duke Hugh is said to have died of seeing the Siamese twins. AVltut caused the shock was not so remain feeling of pity for these unfortunate men as the thought that it was possible that the then Duchess might present him with a similar addition to the Northumberland family. Lawyer after lawyer was consulted on the question, if such an event were to happen, which of the two would be heir to the dukedom. In vain did these wretched men seek to cloak their legal ignorance by pointing out that the Duke and Duchess were well stricken in years, and, never having had any children, were not likely to be so blessed by heaven in the future. Tortured by the insoluble problem, the unhappy Duke took to his bed and gave li)) the ghost.' The Duchess, who was quietly Jwried the other day, is well known in the religions history of the century as one of the saints of the Irvingites Church, she and her husband having been the main benefactors by whose bounty that now rotten sterile body was enriched by the possession of the most beautiful modern cathedral in England. She was a singularly good woman, and in very truth a mother to till the vast number of people who, as tenants, labourers, or servants, depend upon the house of Northumberland.' Her father was Henry Drummond, lies., one of the banking family, a man famous this day for his wit, eccentricity, and learning. As a sample of the curious theories he used to hold it may be mentioned that be used to assert that there were always 4,000,000 Jews in the world more and no less. The Jewish population might appear in places to increase, but this was fallacious, for, for every Jew born into the world, some other Jew died, far or near, in the instant of his birth. He gave us a reason for this singular dispensation of Providence, that having regard to life acreage and rainfall of the Holy Land, 4,(100,000 Jews were all who could comfortably be located there and with him the restoration of the Jews to Palestine under millennial dispensation was an event hourly to be expected, he was one of the twelve apostles" of the living Church, and it was he who imbued his daughter and her husband with their Irvingite enthusiasm. The Archbishop of York, who died yesterday, was a sturdy north-country John Hull " of a man, enormously respected in his province, although latterly, and indeed nearly always at war with his own dean and chapter. J le owed his advancement in life to his book, Then, Outlimof theXeamiariiLwegof Thought, which enabled the philosophy of Hamilton and Manuel to be understanded of the people, and thus scored as a counter-blow to the in fluence of Mill. The little book attracted the favourable attention of the Prince Consort, and by his influence its author received promotion to the not very desirable bishopric of' Gloucester and Bristol, in respect of which he was consecrated a bishop on the day of the Prince Consort's death. His interests thus became, in the eyes of the Queen, a sacred legacy from her husband, and when two years later the archbishop of York fell vacant she insisted on his appointment to it in preference to Dr. Waldegrave, Mishap of Carlisle, one of the Rhaftcsbiiry- Pahncrston prelates, who is famous as the hero of the apocryphal story which makes him say to a Greek Testament class, "As the text appears rather obscure, gentlemen, perhaps it is allowable to us to refer to the original" thereby meaning the English translation. The appointment of a man of only 14, who had done no better than to gain a " third class " degree at the University, to a post of £10,000 a year, excited an ebullition of jealousy in the church more ferocious even than that which greeted the recent appointment of Dean Davidson to the see of Rochester the agitation being combated by the fact that Dr. Thomson was then, as always, in ill odour with the High Church party. It was a war or a libeller of this section who invented the story that the Archbishop, joining his beauty-wife after dinner with Lord Palmerston's letter in his hand, the contents of which he stated to her, was- greeted with the severely uxorial remark, " You've had too much wine, Dr. Thomson." 