CHOYXSKI'S RETURN. He Calls and Has a Chat. WHAT JOSEPH INTENDS DOING. His Candid Opinion on Things. ' Hello, ' Smiler,' old party.' 'Hello, Choynski, back with us once more?' ( ' ' ' Yes, I'm in Sydney, on my way bapk to my own country,' ' You're looking big and well, Joo f' ' ' Never felt so woll in all my life as I foel to-day. I'm filling out in rare stylo. Fill every crack in my clothes now. Don't see any creaBes in my coat, do you?' ' How did they treat you in Victoria, Joe ?' ' Treat mo ? Why, I was looked after like a pet princess. Nover met such folks in all my life.' ' Why are you quitting us?' ' Woll, it's this way. I have been away from home best part of a year. I'ye seen pretty woll all that there is to be seen in Aus tralia, and I want to got back to see my people.' ' Going to fight when you got over there, Joo? ' You can bet all you are worth on that. Fight ! I shonld just say bo, and I'll mako somo money too or I'm much mistaken. I'll fight harder and bettor than I did before I loft, and better than I've ever fought in Aus tralia. My stars, I do feel good.' ' See John L. r' ' . ' Yes, I saw the champion.' ' You still think ho's king of the ring then, Joe?' ' No, I do not think so; I'm as certain of that as I am that a South Sca.savago likes boiled baby. You can have your Jacksou, and your Slavin, and your Goddard, rf you like ; I'll givo you all the whole team, and my dollars go on John. Say, do you know what it is ? I don't think the man over put on a glovo who could have a look in it with him when he's woll, and you can take what I'm telling vou for Gospel, and good Gospel at that. He's getting well for Slavin; bo's knocked off drinking and flaring up, has shaved off his moustache, and is slowly work ing himself real well, aud when the time comes he'll be as fit as paint, and then you'll see who is ohainuiou of the ma^ic circle.' ' I was struck on John myself when I saw him perform, Joe. I think he and Slavin tho two best men that evor lived. Do you think John will fight Jackson, if Peter is anxious for a match when John lands in 'Frisco?' 'No; I think Slavin is tho man he wants and tho man he will go for.' ' You know, of course, that a large number of peoploin Sydney think Jacksou a better man than Slavin f' 'Yes, Ikuotvtboydo.' ' Well, you know those people aver that Sullivan is afraid of Jackson's remarkable cleverness with bauds and feet, and. only draws tho color line becauso he's afraid the blnckfollow will carry too many bum for him i' ' People in this country don't understand the color line, and therefore they oan't grip Sullivan's prejudice against Jackson properly, but you may rest easy that John is afraid of no wan breathing. Personally, I wish ho would light JackBou, for 1 know how long the fight would last, and who would win it.' 'WoU, Joe, you know that Goddard talks of fighting John, and as you have twico met tho Barrier lad, and -know Sullivan,, woll, what'B your tip about Goddard's chances ?' ' I don t like to givo an opinion, because Goddard beat mo, and ho's not half a bad fellow, but if I must speak plainly, I don't think ho'd havo a ghost of a show with Sulli van. You sco, it's this way. Sullivan is quicker than I am, and ho hits with terrible power. If I'd a tenth of Sullivan's force I'd have beaten Goddard both times I fought him, but I hadn't it. Now, it's easy to figure it out. I think, honestly, that John would smash him down with vory little troublo.' ' Sullivan might land pretty easily on God dard with that Bwiriging right of his, but would ho get it in on a big, shifty follow like Jackson, with a loft hand like a piston-rod and a good nimble pair of feet?' ' You have never soon Sully fight, Smiler. His right arm don't do any swinging ; it comes across like a flash of lightning with a jerk, and if ho misses ho's so quick you can't get your head out of range before it's back ready for anothor shot at your jaw, and how it does fly, ping, ping. I think he'll land on Jacxson right enough if he meets him.' ' Who do you think can win, Goddard or Jackson if this pairmeot?' ' Woll, if Petor was real well, in prime condition and as good as new, I think he'd beat Goddard, but he'd have to be at his very best to do it, for Joo won't be shaken off with anything less than a clean knock out. He's a real game man, and as strong as an ox.' ' What do you intend to do ? ' ' Well, I'd like to take old Jim Burge over to America with me. He's a decent fellow, no rough or rowdy business about him, and just the class to win money with. _ He's game, experienced, and down to the business*1' ' What do you think of the coming mill between Dawson and Williams in tho Mel bourne Club?' 'I fancy tho Melbourne man will win. He's a strong, rushing fighter, and a gams man. If he goes at Dawson as he has gone at all the rest he'll pcoro the odd trick.' ' You go home by tho Alameda, Joe ?' ' Yes, and Sullivan, Ashton and Barnett, and all tho 'Honest Hearts and Willing Hands' Company go with me. I guess we'll havo a good time. I intend to come hack to Australia and sottle down in Melbourne as a bookmaker, for I have a big fancy for that city, whero I havo hosts of good and solid friends, who havo treated mo in a manner which I can never forget, nor attempt to ' You have won and lost battles there Joe?' 'Yes, say Dooley hits mighty hard with his right hand. Ho let go at mo once, aud I turned my back sharply, and right botwoen my shoulders there seomed tho clear dent of his four kuucklos, it could be soen for weeks after the battle. If that had got homo on my jaw Mick would have pocketed the big end of tho purse. Goddard was my ' black crow.' ' ' Never mind, Joe, you evened up ou Owen Sullivan.' ' Yes, and I was glad I hit him as hard as I did, for ho said somo nasty things about me before the fight.' ' You have an old score to settle with Jim Corbctt, have yon not? ' ' Yes, and I intend to settle it. ' Pompa dour Jim ' can fight, but he don't like it. I'll punch the head off that follow before I'm through with him, or he shall do that kindness for me. I'd rather whip him than bo able to do up John L. Sullivan. Good day, Smiler.' ' Good day, Joe, see you again. Good-bye.' 