IL3LUSTHATI0HS, Consecration of the Bishop of Northern Queensland. The service iu connection, with, the consecration of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place last Saturday morning at half -past 10 in .St. Andrew's Cathedral. There was a large congre- j gation. The ceremony was conducted by the Primate, who was assisted by Dr. Turner (Bishop of Graftou and Armidjilei and Dr. Stanton (Bishop of New castle). The following clergy were also present : — Beau Cowper, Archdeacons King and Giinther, -Canons Kemmis, Moretou, Hulton King, and Sharp, Revs. H. H. Yarrington. S. Sinim, Manning, Debenham, Tress, Hornby Spear, Hargrave, Madge wick, Dixon, Laugley, Charltou, Garnsey, Yarnold, Baber, Beck. Bartlett, Hough, Bead, Woodd, Smitli, Archdall, Pain, Mort, Rose, Killwortb, Woodworth, Harris, Boyle. Dr. Corlette, the Preceuter (Rev. A. Rivers), and tlie Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. Gregory Walker). The first lesson was read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Amiidale. The anthem was ' God so loved the world. ' ' The Bishop of Newcastle preached the senuon, taking as his text Acts viii., 2, ' And as they ministered to the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, — Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereuuto I have called them.' Referring to the custom of sending to England for clergymen, he iisked how it was that the Church had so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining the ministry. Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry 'r The Church iu Australia should wake up, ;md put a downright enthusiasm for religion into the people, and make an end to paltry little questions, addressing themselves instead reso lutely to the work of God. When the spirit was iu the Church in Australia, it, would be iu the ministry as it had been iu the civil life, when the cry caiuo that young men were needed for a campaign in the East. On that occasion some of Australia's best :in-l most athletic youths put on their uniform to go to the Soudan, ami so in the ministry of our Lord iliere would be an uprising amougst our young men which would made the Church independent. In sepa rating one who had been ordained in Australia, he thought they were taking a. wise and expedient step. He believed' that the time had come when, in the older dioceses at any rate, they could surely choose i mt of ;) thousand clergymen one or more sufficiently gifted to Jill an episcopal chair. Tliis was from no disloyalty to the mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they had selected a clergyman whohadbeen ordained in the colony to take the govern ment of the distant diocese of Northern Queensland. Concluding, he said, addressing the bishop-elect :- And what can I say to you. by dear brother ': Is it not \h& culmination of your work in the Northern diocese. I have no advice to give you. for have we not for nine years been working together like brothers, sharing our work, praying over our difficulties, and thinking what could be done best for God's work up there r i cannot advise you. You know it all. Continue only in the work tliat in the years past you have been carrying on, and you will vindicate and justify that act which we are performiug to-day, and will prove to the Church in Australia that the synod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right in separating you', after prayer in apostolic order, for the work wbereuuto you have been called. The Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, jind direct you as you go iu and out among the people, The Lord be with you. After morning prayer, the service for the consecration of a bishop was gone through, the Pri mate, assisted by the other bishops, officiating. The mandate for the consecration was read by the chan cellor of the diocese. Mr. Gregory 'Walker, after which the bishop-elect took the oath of obedience. The consecration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate and the assisting bishops, and the pre sentation to the new bishop of a cop}- of the Bible. At the conclusion of the consecration service the Pri mate, with the newly consecrated bishop and others proceeded with the Communion service, and partook of the Sacrament. Tho offertory was devoted to the North Queensland Clergy Mission Fund. THE EIGHT KEY. C. G. BARLOW, Bishop of North Queensland. 