itory teller lijTTES IS EH); ;< ' Or. iff. CONSPIRACY IN THE . WT' NORTH CASE. I A STORY OF BOSTON. i I JT CSAS- MONTAGUS AND C. W. Btaju h .otek xv.— The Thing Has a Badx BP ' Look. BsCD3jeiu. Kjngman. You are prompt. Hm ' Bj.1 to vou" Biw«5a.v niuriiing. and DetectiveLamm at of his office was welcoming "his SBLa »>,« rep ir! er. Kf/- saui Thomas, unaware of ttopeculia BLjjkin with which his associate regarded ' pr ii Your note, left at the office, seemed to jatfviit, 1 vi_-ht. was urgent. Sit down." Bjin LiJin 'i locked tlie door and put the kev Blifpo ket. And standmg with his back BLj;t it. i'"i seriously — 1 have always considered you as Rff. t detective. I have changed my BE3 " TflVl w: it n nv asked Thomas, uneasily, BLt"- !;iy at his frieud, and thereafter 2 I " ' ' H-Tiii " ; l<mm, measuring liis words: H|: jar,-, vdiii a: lows himself to be side fflUedii; " mj'ortunt case by a pretty face C4jn:r 1 uri u eyes has a cardinal weakness Kf.oti " : inter is ?ure to tell against him in -fed, flushed, but controlled him- W Oil v -u clear to Now York to find that Id .: nnt Toon to New York," said pa!. y "I have been here iu Boston Kit. -> u on : he latest and Mjftst carious Ksiiv . ' North case." I'd.'; >vid Thomas, desperately, "say ik y. u.. an. Don't talk in riddles."' i If;. taat I know allaboutit, Thomas. I girt' iv-.ngman F. Thomas, who has done fee a> excellent detective work as any- f|r fin State. has at last fallen into the fee: .he siren, and forgotten his duty. In fc-r c at, l;c is in love with one of the Instead of arresting her he guards jjr v ' 1 the police are searching every- pk-:. ' ' t. he has her secretly hidden in It.: ' nso right under their very noses, t 1 liis bos4- friend with a coolness per."... ' h ho wore a little less wary) hare | I;- i " rk on theca.se." I - >c. presume on Your friendship," m: Tk ' ho: 3 v. He had been nervously |p :r ;; h charm, and alternating w--' . and rod. throughout Lamm's1 :- - 0 .t no now started up and faced gaT".-' -ruar.ly. "You have no right to Ss;::;c ' 0 there is any sentiment ui the ' i go too far when you charge me gdl?" .v porsoi al feelings run away with lii 1 ; t >- . Y ou don't know what my ir-u ; a . - ; - / 1 '-Ah. .rdou me, Kingman: I assume r;r: ' 3 ! d been in the ordinary course |r tout ; " -- on al business, you would have |;X"i .:h i". for advice or assistance, just Kpr. v vs done when we have asso- |'iei - on a case before. There is only I:.:-.- a y v u didn't come; you were |i<r- : : . T r. : that I would never approve of jrri:L -ling on your part, and you it-:; r ! on taking the step at all pari. I tic words, Kingman, you were 1.6- 'i - . I " r : . ; : gained control of himself. He is" hT -.y. I 1; 3 hn L mi in, we will leave my ittr ' ?h attest ion, if you please. I |hve rr ; 1 tin girl. I propose to continue |f ; . w i1- in u hard place — a harder l&iinr; v ; know anything about. I should 1-rebr- if; ; ;osti a man if I had neglected to |t I .. To have given her up under ft-cuvu.- es would have been the height |" crjt-1 . Vi u wouldn't have done it your- i , f rircunistautial evidence was |;ievL '.y against her, I determined to 1 oould discover at least proofs pixri:. i, v suflicicnt to prevent her from Ifeip.-;.:. , an arrest. Since you hare die- P-Terri :i. :l. ; , there is no help for it. You gtit' a.a : . keep the secret." I "'ju.v ;; 1 .ne condition, Kingman. I 1 kr. -a the facts." I 'An; ; I ,1 you every thing, 'will you give jtii jur a . : , f hon - ur not to use it agamst £5 ,cr ' : " "ikcd Thomas, with peculiar tfi,. ? o.'ii.i prououu. t L.it rather broad ?" Lamm hesi I steh 1 i; pressed his lips tightly. \- k h-:- confessed everything to me, I IT?®- a: n i f cm 1 have given her my word I j; "v>" : in my power to protect her " . .-nee. There's no way out of I ' : r rnise me." I y ->! mean:" demanded X«amm, #«m a I to Sut Ba' : «5«g«e to ThMna8» nnder- nd toTa bokliands over the twmpact, together beside tfie dS Stel? KnT+il?lar Thomas, "it was wSS S? Ptol into the SuMta3r night leamed whAl ttat.Jime 1 had&,t the faintest idea who he fugitive was, and when I recognised on the Connecticut roadside I was toarly as muih astonished as she was fnghteiied. The first thing X thought was I? uh% muBl gniHy. All her actions— tto headlong, precipitate flight; her terror at my appear&nGe; — all seemed to wear the look of criminality . She had fainted dead away, but she soon began to come to herself again. Thereupon I tied my horse to a tree, and arew ner into the woods, out of sight of passers-by. She was so weak and emotional I believc-d her ripe for a c mfession. "Lamm, I fully expected at that moment to "be rewarded for mv efforts Ly a tremendous discovery. But I tell you, as I looked at the poor thing — hardly a woman yet — lying there on the leaves, pale, speechless, frightened nearly out of her seuses, I never felt so sorry for anybody in my life." " I know the feeling," said Lamm. " I've had it myself. But go on." " Well, when Ihe came to l began to tallr to her. Of ermine there was a scene. She broke down completely, and at her first words I under stood what I ought to have had sense enough to havekno wu from thefirst—thather terror was not on her own account. Oh, don't let them arrest her !' she kept saying. « Don't, I beg of." you I She's crazy ! She must bel She never could have done it in her senses I' " "Oh, ho!" exclaimed the detective. "Sister Marion, eh?" ' _ " 'Come,' I said, 'tell me the whole story; it's the quickest way out of it. And I give you . my word of honour I'll do what I can to help you.' But it was a long time before .1 was able to bring her to the point of trusting me. I don't know how it was exactly, but she gradually—" ' Pshaw !" said Lamm. " Don't emharass yourself. Skip it. I know what happened as well us you do. She was in deep distress. You were in earnest. She trusted you. Good. What was her story?". i " She didn't tell me the whole story at that time," said Thomas. "I stopped her when I knew the essential facts, for I realised her danger and incidentally my own. X impressed upon her the necessity of obeying me implicitly. I told her there was but one way to save either herself or her sister, or both of them, from the ignominy of immediate arrest, and all. the attendant scandal. Frightened to death, almost, and shaking like a leaf, she acquiesced. I stowed her as comfortably as I could in the bottom of the carriage, and co vered her with a rug. Overcome with exhaustion, she, Tbelieve, . actually slept all the way to Vernon. Outside the town I awoke her, made her get out, ami told her to follow me at a distance, and to board the train that T took, hut by up means to speak to me. She was veiled, and had enough money to purchase her ticket," ' ' Capital ! You Are a shrewd one, Kingman. These precautions would never have occurred to another man." " Ah ! I knew, you see, that the whole police force must be on her track by this time. As soon as she was missed from Swamps cott, I knew they would be in full chase, and she, in her innocence, had left a trail as plain as the milky way." " Of course," said Detective Lamm, signi ficantly. "And so," Thomas continued, "I laid my plans accordingly. We rode to Boston sepa rately, and she followed me on foot on the other side of the street to my house. t She was whiter than death when she came in hut if you know my mother you can imagine the reception she got. Five minutes' explanation to my mother was sufficient. She opened her arms tc the fugitive, and Stella North has been under her charge ever since." " Ah! and you, of course, got the whole storv from the girl ?" "That night. There is no question about her frankness or her honesty. If you could talk with her ten minutes you would be assured of that." "Undoubtedly. And now for the facts. What are they ?" "Well, Lamm," said Thomas, " there are two sets of facts— the immediate and the re mote. Whether the remote have any relation to the immediate I cannot tell. Nevertheless, you qhail hear them first. To go back to iiicbaxd Fetridge — " " Of course," said Lamm. " Everything in the case seems to have a peculiar trick of going bade to him." ' Still, I am unable to say that he has any. connection with this murder, Lamm. It's- a mystery, old man, as you will soon see. Stella merely corroborates the facts that I have told you already about Fetridge's connection with the family. It was just «s I said ; he was in love with Marion, but how far they went, whether they were actually engaged or not, nobody knows; not even Stella, for the fact comes out that Marion is a very peculiar woman." . 0„ n peculiar ? Do you mean eccentric r "Well, eccentric, perhaps," said Thomas, doubtfully. " What I mean is that she is ex ceedingly self-willed and self-reliant : that she is naturally secretive, dislikeB to make con fidants, repels intercourse on topics near to her, dislikes to be sympathised with, and is extremely, Bensitive about little things that ordinary people would pass unobserved. Exaggerate all these gWWtoM'uojiBnai <).%iW»mfryou fafe Uie .rioo ftiolAode -peballor. « yon adl toh mdtohtdtor wtoafak A«., the eooeu- KceB. Jue®tion»d BteH& vmjp&rticttlft;?ly on to whether tor £«n «4, She says ft might Mgmao to »n$H>dy who was not familiar with tor pemihar t«nperament. but she never knew i hMtoothtog without toepoeeihilHyof Anybody who has ever looked into the rest- eJe of a maniac knows what it is. - I have talked with Marion Btackhouse face to face, cshelsno more insane than I am." "Isay this," continued Thomas, "to explain "Why tt was that nobody knew whether Marion was really engaged to Fetridge. On account of the oppoation of Mr. North, it would have a secret, any way, to some extent, but Stella never knew. She only knows that they were together a great deel, till one might they presumably quarrelled, for his visits ceased abruptly. And the next thing Stella knew, the engagement to Stankhouse was announced." "Wasn't this a marriage from pique, then, such as we occasionally hear of?" Bo I fancy, Lamm. Stella will not express - her opinion to that effect, but I can see that she thinks so. Well, now, as to Fetridge coming back into 1be family again -since his return from Australia, it was -just as we surmised, ostensibly to pay Stella some attentions ; but the girl de clares that he never spoke of love to her. though he had plenty of opportunity. " 4 "Which indicates," saia Lamm, quietly, " that Fetridge still came to see Mariou, de spite her marriage to Stackhouse." "So it would seem ; and that she regretted her hasty step in marrying too soon. Well, but tiiis is only speculation. To go on with facte: Fetridge's attentions to Stella were thoughtlessly received — the-girl insiste she has no other feeling for him than that of a pleasant acquaintance — but after his departure on his recent business trip, the purpose of which we can't determine, it came to ner ears that there was a great deal of gossip about their associa tion. She determined to be more careful iu the future. The day before the murder, Fetridge reappeared at the house. It would seem that the instant-he got home he came to the North household. He bjgan to lay out plans at once to go hither andyon. with the girl. But tiifc" poor things suspicions were aroiised byber lofig mouth of reflection. She determined hot tobe made a catspaw of for any purpose, and at tiie first opportunity— having summoned up the necessary courage— she broached the tabooed - aubject to her sister." " What time of theday was this?" It seems- to have been about the middle of the afternoon. Marion was. not feeling very well. She Was lying down, and Stella was sitting beside her with-a fan. Marion intro duced Fetridge's name herself, making some inquiries about his visit of the previous even ing. Then Stella made so bold as to aek her advice, and finally told her what her suspicions were." " But you don't mean " Simply that Fetridge qiretended to ' pay attentions to her (Stella) for the sake of appear- " ances, and that his real object was to be hear Marion." - /" "Whew! Knowing" the woman, I can imagine the result." "Easily. But Stella was innoeent enough. She merely intended to give her sister a well- meant warning. Marion received it as an in-: suit. It is a jealous lie,' she cries into the ears of the astonished Stella. 'Bichard Fefcr; ridge never meant to marry me ; never cared & feather for toe. If you had asked me I could have told you . so- But since you thohglit iU better to play the spy on me, why, I'll prove? it to you.' And, witii a great emphasis on the word prove, she dashed out of the room." , ' This woman is curious. No doubt abont it. But her conscience troubles her, and she's jealous of Fetridge. There's no other expkuoA- ; tion of this line of conduct." " Ah. well," said Thomas, doubtfully, "If . Marion had married Stackhouse purely from: pique, and had been carrying on the hollow- mockery fox a whole year because she was too proud to betray what she suffered, to an y living soul, it eeems that there might be enough inflammable material to her emotional nature to get up a good blaze at the first : spark. Don't you think so?" " Quite likely. It's logically put, anyhow. But about these proofs that Fetridge didn't care for her. I am anxious to know the nature of .them." . " So am I ; but unfortunately they dis appear from my story with this reference to them. Stella naturally supposed Marion went upstairs to get something. Imagine her surprise, five minutes later, to see her driving" off in a carriage. In a short time the coachman came hack. Mrs. Stackhouse, he said, had gone to Boston. Stella began to be exceedingly alarmed. What in the world could have occasioned this sudden freak she could not imagine. That her sister was terribly angry she saw, and the insane idea that perhaps she -intended to tell Richard Fetridge what had been said drove the poor girl qmte distracted. She followed Marion to the city in the nexttrain, and searched every where for her. It was after six when she arrived, and all the places of business were closed. Thi6 circumstance only increased the girl's alarm. She began to have what she a presentiment of evil. There were three places in town where she thought her sister might be — the houses of three friends. One of them-was away out in Roxhury. She : made the rounds, exciting everywhere wonder and concern; but she abruptly refused all efforts pf escort. It was getting later and later all the time. Already it was dark, and the street lights were burning. Suddenly she remembered that Marion had the keys to the house in Marlboro street. There was a hare possibility that she had gone there in quest of the proofs she had so mysteriously mentioned. Stella set herself in that direction. It must have been about half-past nine o'clock when she approached the place, and saw— what do you thtnfc ? Marion Stackhouse coming down The imperturbable J ohn Lamm for once lost his tarn froid. He sprang to his feet, and brought his hand down with a crash upon the " Good lieaveos 3 ' ' he cried, "And all this time you have been concealing this from. me!" CHAPTER XYL— Conspiracy ! " It is significant to you, then?" Thomas asked, uneasily, with faint smile. "Oh certainly not," returned John Lamm, BownfttiVallv. "It doesn't mean anything. But don't delay. How did Marion act ? What did she have to eay for herself r ... , The detective, instead of resuming his seat, began to walk about the room with his hands be"Khehhadnft anything to say for herself,' returned Thomas. "That's just the trouble. She a cted queer— queerer than Stella had evr seen her act iu her life. "How aueerr" "As the girl ext.es«es it, she seemel like A ; person Iu her tfeep. Sto «pbke to Stella but in a rauohamcal way, as if her mind werequitesdsewhereanthe time. Thvyvent backto.the dep6t and rode oat to Swampsoott together." ; " Do you mexn to ssy that Morion expressed no urprieewbwiBhe sawStdteiirfhe street?" " Momentarily she CQmed aroused, bat aa- BOon «sBteila %%an to accmmt -for herBelf <«to relapsed into tor frozen' condition again." wbata woman sheia!" "Bh© Was not strong enough to -conoeal from : her Meter fiat something terrible had "hap pened. Bhe was so dazed and unnatural that the young girl was frantic with apprehension. ' ' " Of course, this places it beyond a doubt that Marion had either kOled "her legal father ' -or had seen him killed." " But, my dear Lamm, X can't entertain the ? first idea for a minute. What possible motive could there be for her?" . "It is to be determined simyftyby the fact of whether the girl was -alone un fhe house that, night." " ah, precisely. That Is what I am working to find out. "Wellj Lamm, on the whole journey home, Marion StackhouBe had but two sentences to utter which seem to have any beating upon the case. The first was when Stella maae some mention of Stackhouse. 'Never speak to me of that man agam,'«aid Marion, fiercely ' He is not my husband.' And again, just before they got to the house, seizing her sister's wrist, Stella,' she whispered, ' Do you want to see me in my grave? Then never tell aliving" soul where I have been.' " " Thunder and guns!'' ejaculated Lamm. "That woman is tiie princeBS of mysteries. Doesn'tit strike you a little peculiar tnat she should continue to assert that Stackhouse is not her husband ? Mind you, she always puts it in that way. I have -heard her say it myself. ' He is not my husband.' Now, why shouldn't she say, I refuse to live with this man any longer,' not for ever, He-is not my husband.'' "Wasn't the marriage public ?" " To be sure it was. The marriage occurred in St. Paul's Church, in the presence of hundreds of people." Lamm came and placed his hand softly en the reporter's Bhoulder. " You don't imagine, Thomas," he questioned below his breath, "that she had been secretly married to this man Fetridge previous to his departure for Australia ?" " What an idea !" cried Thomas, amused. " Yon seeem anxious to give her a monomania on the marriage question. If married already to Fetridge what earthly reason could induce herto marry Stackhouse ? It seems to me you . have got a complication there not likely to arise in any well-regulated family." " Perhaps. But I've gone far enough in this cass to know that there is something different behind it to anything I ever met with in all my life before. But to go on. Ot course Stella is frightened to death by Marion's reference to the grave, and refrained from telling anybody where she had seen her, until you got it out of her." " So you might know by the way things have gone on. She was scared enough that night, you may be sure, but the next day when the news came of the murder you can imagine the effect. There seems to have been a great scene between the sisters. Stella came out horrified at Marlon's calmness. Marion would tell her absolutely nothing ex cept Such enigmatical sentences as these: 'I ani not responsible. The affair is out of my hands. Justice will overtake the guilty. Let me alone. If vou betray me I shall kill myself. You surely do not believe me capable for any cause of killing a man who has taken the place of my own father. I loved Father North as well as you did. I could not have barmed hiinif I had hated him' — all of which was: scarcely calculated to appease Stella's agony of apprehension. It was not, however, till the young girl discovered that her sister was sleeping with her father's pistol under her pillow that she quite lost her head, and be lieved that Marion was really guilty." "What! The weapon that killed Paul North ?" asked the detective, almost helpless with amazement. \- « Presumably, since she must have brought it with her from the Marlboro street house the night of the murder, and one of its barrels had heen recently discharged." "What a nerve that woman has!" mur mured the detective. "And how in the world did Stella make the discovery ?" " I'll tell you, Lamm. It was iu the middle of the night on Saturday. The body of the mur dered man had been brought home, and it lay in the hall below stairs ready for the funeral. You cau imagine the effect on this young girl, who is of an affectionate disposition, and whose life up to this time had been one merry smile. Everything goes to show that she was the petted darling of her father. Of coarse, however fond and proud anybody might have been of Marion, she was scarcely the person to he made a pet of. And with this awful cloud of horror and suspicion weighing upon her, Stella could not sleep. The ghost of the poisoned King of Denmark was no more real to Hamlet than was the spirit of her father, threatening with awful finger the per petrators of his woeful murder, to this young girl. Her fears for Marion under the weight of the night became absolutely appalling. Though not what is called a religious girl, Stella could no longer trust to any earthly aid. She resolved to go and pray by Marion's bedside." " Natural enough in this eighteen-year-old girl," commented the detective. " It was the last effort, you understand, to obtain contrition from the woman who had been impervious to the moBt piteous appeals, the most solemn entreaties. The poor girl went and found her sister's door unlocked. She approached the bedside. It seems that Marion was asleep; but her sleep was light ; her dreams perhaps troubled, for she sprang up suddenly with , an awful cry and grasped Stella by the shoulders, demanding in a tone that nearly frightened her sister out of her senses, 1 What do you want? What do you want?' She shook her so that Stella made a frantic effort to get away. In the straggle the pillow was dragged from the bed and some thing beneath it fell with a crash. Marion by this time awoke to a realisation of her sur roundings. She sprang out of bed with a baBte that could not escape Stella's observation, and picked up the something which had fallen. 1 What is it?' demands the startled Stella. Nothing,' replies Marion. 'What is the matter, dear ?' ' Go back to your bed and I will come to you.' But no. Affairs had reached a climax now where suspicion must either he allayed or confirmed. Marion was confused and dismayed by the sudden trans formation in her sister, and before she could regain control of herself the hand of the younger girl came in contact with the cold steel. 4 It is father's pistol,' whispered Stella, in what state of mind you may imagine. ' Don't deny it, Marion ; you have been sleeping with it under you.' 1 won't deny it,' said Marion, con siderably disturbed. ' But why will you in sanely insist upon knowing things which it would be better for your peaea H mind to remain ignorant of?' " J " And all this time it was quite dark "iiii tij0 room V' Lamm asked. - held her faraef's pistol was one to- tnitive .leaps at correct conclusions i-fhat ura peculiar w atad fhareiqfon, almost crazy with tO?iox, Stella cries out, 4 You killed him, Mariou 1 jutwaeyour ojmhatffi/ Of course the moment the SKoros were jouttof -her Hps khe was penitent for havrog utteredfhem. HSteUaj' says Marion, teembli)5gly, ' your mad-sus pacions are indiscreet. ' jDp you suppose T could oleep in this house where toe m&n; who has given me all - that I possess fetoept life is flying dead, if the guilt of his death wef© tmyfloor? And are you the same gid who used to cuddle down in .tny asms in the old days and tell me that you loved me better than any pne in the world except papa? Tell me, do you re member what I owe to this man who was more than a father to meJ? Have you for gotten who it was that noised him «n his last illness because she couldn't bear to have a hired nurse profane him with unsympathetic hands ? Can you recall ever in my a single expression of ingratitude— ' " Bosh !" interrupedthe -detective. '"That is all very "well for Stella, but for me it is necessary to be told how «he became possessed of that pistol which was supposed to he locked in Paul North's desk in Marlboro street," " Unfortunately," returned Thomas un easily, " she neither explained nor apologised for her conduct. You knowwhat women are. Stella's heart, which iB not located far from the surface, was touched. She began to cry and to plead for forgiveness. And then Marion forgave her ; but just as soon as Stella began to beg for au explanation the woman said to her very coldly, 4 Go to your aunt, dear. What you want is somebody to dry your tears and soothe you. -I am no comforter in a time like this, and I certainly shall not tell you things which would only add to your worry and distress.' And she did go to her annt; not to make a confidante of tor, but to beg for consolation and sympathy." " And this scene between the - girls ended in nothing, then?" " It ended just as I have told you. But Stella, though she .tried tor best, could not repress her anxiety. She -was unable to bear the strain before her eyes the spectacle of the officers entering the house and dragging Marion off to prison. In view of all these facts, is. there any thing strange in her eventual action ? The funeral was scarcely over, and the family returned to the house, when she hasted to Marion's room, took the revolver, and fled — a headlong, terror-stricken flight. Her first idea wsb to put the evidence of Marion's guilt out of sight. She threw it into the water, little thinking that I was watching her. She says that she had no clear idea what she was doing, or where she was going ; but she had determined never to go back to the houBe. She felt that she could never face her sister again. In the train to Boston she be thought herself of some friends in Hartford, whereshehad often visited, and had always been welcome. For that city she therefore 6etout, only to find that the house was closed, and her friends gone to the beach for the summer. By this time she was almost crazy from fright, lack of sleep and food, for she had been able neither to eat nor rest since .the news of the murder. Heaven knows what would have be come of her if accident had not put me upon her trail ! Such is the story of Stella North ; and in view of it, John Lamm, I want to know if you blame.me for what I have done?" " I blame you for only one thing, Thomas," said Lamm," earnestly; "and that was for being afraid to trust me with your secret." " How did I know in what light you would view it ?" returned the reporter, uneasily. "You are always so matter-of-fact and business-like. And, of course, I am perfectly aware that my present position is quite the reverse of business-like." "Hang the position!" 'exclaimed John Lamm. " That's your affair. It's the in wardness of the North case that I'm looking after, and your story has given me a wonderful push ahead." The detective took out his note-book, dis figured with his peculiar hieroglyphics, and began at once making additions, corrections, and reflections, quire as if the problem before him had been one in mathematics, and could bs proved by applymg some of .the advanced rules of the higher arithmetic. " Well," said Thomas, after he had watched him in silence for some minutes, " what is your theory ?" 44 None, Thomas," returned the detective, quickly. " What is yours P" 44 That Marion.is trying to shield somebody from the results of a capital offence." 44 And that somebody is ?" " Either Fetridge or Stackhouse." . 44 With a leaning towards 91 44 Fetridge," eaid Thomas. 44 But I should like to know which of the men went to the houst that night, if either— before expressing any deep conviction." 44 Ah, quite so. And that I propose to ascer tain. But go on, Kingman. Your conclusions axe always logical, and they interest me for that reason. There is no crime without a motive. What was the motive?" 44 My dear fellow," said Thomas, 44 that Is iust the mistake made by criminal theorists. But you and I know that the majority of murders axe done without adequate motives. Few men in these days plot to kill. They kill when they are insane with rum or jealousy, or to defend themselves." " You emphasise that, I see !" 44 Because I have thought it right along," said the reporter. 44 The fact that the bullet must have been fired from a point lower down than an erect man naturally carries his hand leads me to believe that the murderer of Paul North was on his knees, and it is logical to S resume from that that he had been knocked own." , 41 Clever !" said John Lamm, with genuine admiration. 44 Clever, and just like you, Thomas. Of course, we cau think of . hundreds of reasons why North might have.knockeddown his partner, whose advice had ruined him — for North was steady enough before he came uuder Stackhouse's influence— or why to should have knocked down an importunate gentleman who might have been trying to deceive bis daughter." 44 Precisely," agreed Thomas. 44 And then," said Lamm, slowly, " you throw the idea of a most deliberate and cunningly-laid conspiracy of murder for security and revenge out of the question." 44 Conspiracy ?" echoed Thomas. 44 Conspiracy !" eaid John Lamm. Thomas looked like a donbtful man who would be very glad to become convinced. " Yes," said John Lamm in a tone of deep conviction, 44 1 am willing to stake my pro fessional reputation at this stage of the case oa the prediction that this murder of North is q conspiracy— either for ruining Stackhouse oi for revenge upon Paul North." 44 And— the girl is in it ?" murmured Tkoma% apprehensively. 44 Gertainly, the girl is iu it. To be sure the girl is iu it. You can't alter that fact to save your life. For good, bad, or indifferent pur« poses —Marion Stackhouse planned the game. , Whose hand carried it out I won't say at thi? \ = wtor; 'f\ JbHif L&mnl; ? ' Whvf' demanded loqV'to Mb character of $h«> perecm fefoorrespond ;$o:the nature of the fa$eu ' There ifopod# iftbleof origihatingacrime.Bccuniimgly cbn- ribfl, feadmiranly executed.1" ' What do you imeauf'V \y. , What do t 'meapj" ftchoetl the detectiiire;) " &ood; heaVCns j'Thouas . where are your jsyes ? ;; Qan't you see that ta ererV step we have token we have been tiaffledj mreled, made fobls of? Do you imaging Raul North would hayb gone to his to'wn house, shut up as it was for the summer, Unless he hacl been enticed there ? The writing of -Stackhouse' s name on the wall proves con clusively to my fbtindthat Stackhouse did not do , it. Why, how absurd it is t The medical ex amination gives 180-seconds as a limit to North's life after ne was shot. Do you suppose if Stackhouse had shot him he would have run. away before assuring himself that he was dead P Would he have let North Write his na/me on the wall? If North had done it. wouldn't he have smeared it out ag;ain? Why, of course he would. And in this name upon the wall is the animus of the whole matter. There we see the fangs and the. teeth of the serpent— the hitter, deadly enmity that underlies the whole Scheme, That the entire object was revenge upon Stackhouse I -db not believe. It Is too roundabout! and to6 dangerous a method of revenge; but that the perpetrators of the deed hated that man — why, the fact is .as clear as sunlight. Now, who hates Stackhouse? Who on the day of the discovery of the crime drove him from her side, from the house, knowing fullr well — nay, triumphantly welcoming the fact ual so many words — that such an act would only deepen the suspicion "about him? Who, with Paul North alive, was not free to meet the man she really loved ; . and who, Paul North dead, - and Stackhou e out of the way, might reunite herself , with her guilty lover ? Who, for no caoBe hut one that under such circumstances we can understand, dies into a passion of anger at tho remonstrance of an innocent girl, and is so excited by the impending orime that she cannot keep herself away from the scene ?" "Stop! Don't go on!" (to be coxtixced.) 