THE STORYTELLER. A Daughter of the D'TJrbervilles. By Thomas IIaebt. CHAPTER XXXVIII. As she drove on through Blackmoor Vale, and the landscape of her youth began to Hose around her, Toss aroused herself from her stupor. Her first thought was how would she be able to face her parents ? She reached the turnpike- era to which stood near VI ? t ? J- . i-l. . -II.. .... T . ? .1 mi; uiiu-auue iu me wuage. 11 was tnrown open by a stranger, not by the old man avIio had kept it for many years, aud to whom slie had been known ; he had probably left on Now Year's Day. the date when such changes were made. Having received no intelligence lately front her home, she asked the turnpike-keeper the news. ' Oh — nothing, miss,' he answered. ' Mnvlott is Marlott still. Folks have died, and that. ?Tolm Dnrhpyiield. too. liev had a daughter married this week to a gentleman-farmer: not from John's own house, you know, they was married elsewhere ; the gentleman being of that high standing that John's own folk was not considered weil-be-doiug enough to have any part in it. the gentleman seemingly not knowing liow'thave been discovered that John is a old aud ancient nobleman himself liv blood, with family skellingtons in their own vaults to this day, but done out of his property in the time o' the Romans. However. Mir John, as we call 'm now, kept up the wedding-day as well as he could, and stood treat to everybody 111 the parish; and John's wife sung songs at the Pure Drop till past 11 o'clock.' Hearing this, Tess felt so sick at heart that she could not decide to go home publicly in this fly with her luggage and belongings. She asked the turnpike- keeper if she might deposit her tilings at his house for a while, aud, on his offering no ob jection, she dismissed her carriage, and went on to the village alone by a back lane. At sight of her father's chimney she asked her self how she could possibly enter 'the house f In side that cottage her relations were calmly sup posing her far away on a wedding-tour with a comparatively rich man, who was to conduct her to bouncinc- prosperity ; while here she was, friendless, creeping up to the old door quite by ? herself, with no better place to go to iu the : world. | She did not reach the house unobserved. Just i by the garden hedge she was met by a gild who I knew lier— one of the two or three with whom she : had been intimate at school. After making a few ; inquiries as to how Tess came there, her friend, un heeding her tragic look, interrupted with, ' But f where's thy gentleman, Tess'r' ; Tess hastily explained that he had been called aivav on business, and, leaving her interlocutor, clambered over the garden hedge, and thus made her way to the house. As she went up the garden path she heard her mother singing by the back door, coming in sight of which she perceived Mrs. Durbeyfield on the doorstep in the act of wringing a sheet. Having performed this without observing Tess, she went indoors, and her daughter followed her. The washing-tub stood in the same old place on the same old quarter -hogshead, and her mother, having thrown the sheet aside, was about to plunge ; her arms iu anew. I 'Why — Tess — my chit' — I thought yon was j going to he married — really aud truly this time — | we sent the cider ? ' ' Yes, mother ; so I am.' i 'From here?' i 'I mean — I am married.' i ' Married ! Thou where's thy husband r' ! ' Ob, he's gone aw iy for a time.' 'Gone away! When was you married then? | The day you said ?' I 'Yes; Tuesday, mother.' I ' And now 'tis on'y Saturday, and he gone ] away?' j 'Yes; he's gone.' J 'What's the meaning o' that? 'Nation seize | such husbands as you seem to get, say I !' ' Mother'— Tess went across to Joan Dnrbev j field, laid her face upon the matron's bosom and j burst into sobs — ' I don't know how to tell 'ee. : mother. You said to me, and wrote to me, that I was not to tell him. But I did tell him — I couldn't help it — and he went away !' '0 you little fool — you little fool ! ' ' burst out Mrs. Durbeyfield. ' My Heaven ! that ever I ' should ha' lived to say it, but I say it again, you j little fool ! ' Tess was convulsed with weeping, the tension of so many days having relaxed at last. ' I know it : — I know — I know ! ' she said through her sobs. | ' But, 0 my mother, I could not help it ; he was I so good — and I felt the wickedness of deceiving him j as to what had happened. If — if — it were to be ; done again — I should do the same. I could not — I j dared not — so sin — against him.' But you sinned enough to marry him first.' Angel Clare entered and closed the door quietly behind him.— Ciiaptee XXXIX. ' Yes, yes : that's where my misery do lie. Bat I thought he could get rid of me by law if he were determined not to overlook it. And, O, if you knew — if you could only half know how I loved him — how anxious I was to have him — and how stressed I was between caring so much for him and my wish to be fail1 to him ! ' Tess was so shaken that she could get no further, and sank a helpless heap into a chair. ' Well, well ; what's done can't be undone. I'm sure I don't know why children o' my bringing forth should all be bigger simpletons than other people's — not to know better than to blab such a thing as that!' Here Mrs. Durbeyfield began shedding tears on her own account as a mother to he pitied. ' What your father will say I don't know,' she continued; 'for he's been talking about the wedding up at Rolliver's and The Pure Drop every day since, and about his family getting back to their rightful position through you — poor silly man ! — and now you have made this mess of it. The Lord-a- Lord ! ' As if to bring matters to a focus, Tess's father was heard approaching at that moment. He did not, however, enter immediately, and Mrs. Durbey field said that she would break the bad news to him herself, Tess keeping out of sight for the present. Joan began to take the mishap as she took all such mishaps after her first burst of disappointment, as she had taken Tess's original trouble, as she would have taken broken china, or the loss of a bank note, as a thing which had come upon them irre spective of will, or law, or desert, or folly ; an ex ternal impingement which had been lying in wait for Tees in her future by its own contrivance and whim. Tess retreated upstairs, and beheld casually that the beds had been shifted, aud new arrange ments made. Her old bed had been adapted for two younger children. There was no place here for her now. The room below being uuceiled, she could hear most of what went on there. Presently her father entered, apparently carrying a live hen. He was a foot higgler now, having been obliged to sell his second horse, and he travelled with his basket on his arm. This basket and hen had been carried ' about this morning as it was often carried, to show : people that he was in his work, though it had stood, i aud .the hen had been lying with its logs tied . under the table at Rolliver's for more than an hour. i 'We've just had up a story about ' ? Dur- beyfield began, and thereupon related in detail to his wife a discussion which had arisen at the inn about the clergy, originated by the fact of his j daughter having married into a clerical family. 'They was formerly styled 'Sir,' like my own ancestry,' he said, ' though nowadays their true style, strictly speaking, is 'clerk' only.' As Tess had wished that no great publicity should be given to the event, he had mentioned no name. He hoped she would remove that prohibition soon . He proposed that the couple should take Tess's own name, D'Urberville, as uncorrupted. It was better than her husband's. He asked if any letter had come from her that day. Then Mrs. Durbeyfield informed him that mi letter had come, but Tess unfortunately had come herself. When at length the collapse was explained to him a sullen mortification, not usual with Dur beyfield, overpowered the effect of the cheering glass. Yet the intrinsic quality of the event ! affected liis touchy sensitiveness less than its con- i jectured effect upon the minds of others. | ' To think, now, that this was to be the end o't,' said Sir John. ' And I with a family vault under that there church of Kings Bere as big as Squire Jollard's ale-cellar, and my folk lyiug there in i sixes and sevens, as genuine county bones and marrow as any recorded in history. And now to be sure what tbey fellers at Rolliver's and The Pure Drop will say to me ; how they'll squint aud glaue, and say, ' This is yer mighty grand match is it ; this is yer getting back to the true family level of yer forefathers in King Norman's time !' I feel this is too much, Joan ; I shall put an end to myself, title and all — I can bear it no longer ! But she can make him keep her if he's married her.' ' Why, yes. But she won't think o' doing that.' ' D'ye think he really have married her ?' Poor Tess, who had heard as far as this, could not bear to hear more. The perception that her word could not unnaturally be doubted here, in her own parental house, set her mind against the spot as nothing else could have done. How unexpected were the attacks of destiny ! And if her father doubted her a little, would not strangers and ac quaintance doubt her much ? Oh, she could not five long at home. A few days, accordingly, were ali that she allowed herself here, at the end of which time she received a short note from Clare, informing her that he had gone to the North of England to look at a farm. In her craving for the dignity of her true position as his wife, and to hide from her parents the vast extent of the division between them, she made use of this letter as her reason for again departing, leaviugtiiem under the impression that she was setting out to join him. Still further to screen her husband from any imputation of un kindness to her, she took twenty -five of the fifty pounds Clare had given her, and handed the sum over to her mother, as if the wife of a man like Angel Clare could well afford it, saying that it was a slight return for the trouble aud humiliation she had brought upon them in years past. With this assertion of her dignity she' bade them farewell, and after that there were lively doings in the Durbeyfield household for some time on the strength of Tess's bounty, her mother saying, aud, indeed, believing, that the quarrel which had arisen between the young husband and wife had adjusted itself under their strong feeling that they could not live apart from each other. CHAPTER XXXIX. It was three weeks after the marriage that Clare found himself descending on foot the hill which led to the well-known parsonage of his father. With his downward course the square tower of the church rose into the still evening sky iu a manner of inquiry as to why he had eome : and no living person in the twilighted town seemed to notice liim, still less to expect him. He was arriving like a ghost, and the sound of his own footsteps was almost an encumbrance to be got rid of. The picture of life had changed for Clare. Be fore this time he had known it speculatively only ; now he thought he knew it. as a practical man : though, perhaps, he did not, even yet,. Neverthe less, humanity stood before liim no longer in the pensive sweetness of Italian art, but in the staring and ghastly attitudes of a Wiertz museum, and with the hideous leer of a Van Beers. His conduct during these first weeks had been desultory beyond description. After mechanically attempting to pursue his agricultural plans as though nothing unusual had happened, in the manner recommended by the great and wise men of all ages, he concluded that not one of those great and wise men had ever been in a position to test the feasibility of his own counsel. 'This is the chief thing : be not perturbed,' said the Pagan thinker. That was just Clare's own opinion. But he was perturbed. 'Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid,' said file Naza rene. Clare chimed in heartily, but his heart was troubled all the same. How he would have liked to confront these two thinkers, and earnestly appeal to them as fellow-man to fellow-man, and ask them to tell him their method ! His mood transmuted itself into a dogged in difference, till he fancied he was looking on his own existence with the passive interest of an out sider. He was embittered by the conviction that all this desolation had been brought about by the accident of her being a D'Urberville. When he found that Tess came of that exhausted, ancient line, and was not of the new tribes from below, as he had fondly dreamed, why had he not stoically abandoned her, in fidelity to his principles ? This was what he had got by apostasy, and his punishment was deserved. Then he became weary and anxious, and his anxiety increased. He wondered if he had treated her unfairly. He ate without knowing that he ate, and drank without tasting. As the hours dropped past, as the motive of each act in the long series of bygone days presented itself to his view, he per ceived how intimately the notion of having Tess as a dear possessiou was mixed up with all schemes, j and words, aud ways. In goiug hither and thither he observed in the outskirts of a small town a recl- and-blue placard settiug- forth the great advantages of the empire of Brazil as a field for the emigrating agriculturist. Land was offered there on exceptionally advan tageous terms. Brazil somewhat attracted him as a new idea. Tess could eventually join him there, and perhaps in that country of contrasting scenes, and notions, aud habits, the conventions would not he so operative which made life with her seem im practicable to him here. In brief, he was strongly inclined to try Brazil, especially as the season for going (hither was just at hand. With this view he was returning to Emminster to disclose his plan to his parents, aud to make the best explanation he could make of arriving without Tess, short of revealing what had actually separated them. As he reached the door the new moon shone upon his face, just as the old one had doue in the small hours of that morning wben he had carried Iris wife in his arms across the river to the grave yard of the monks ; but his face was thinner now. Clare had given his parents 110 warning of his visit, and his arrival stirred the atmosphere of the Vicarage as the dive of the kingfisher stirs a quiet pool. His father and mother were both in the drawing-room, hut neither of his brothers was now at home. Angel entered, and closed the door quietly behind him. 'But — where's your wife, dear Angel?' cried his mother. ' How you surprise us ! ' ' She is at her mother's, temporarily. I have come home rather iu a hurry because I've decided to go to Brazil.' ' Brazil ! Why they are all Catholics there, surely !'* 'Are they? I hadn't thought of that.' But even the novelty and painfulness of his going, particularly to a Papistical land, could not displace for long Mr. and Mrs. Clare's natural in terest in their sou's marriage. ' We had your brief uote three weeks ago announcing that it had taken place,' said Mrs. Clare, 'and your father sent your godmother's gift to her, as you know. Of course it was best that none of us should be present, especially as you preferred to marry her from the dairy, and not at her home, wherever that may he. It would have embarrassed you, and given us no pleasure. Your brothers felt very strongly. Of course, now it is done we do not com plain. particularly if she suits you for the business you have chosen to follow, instead of being a minister of the Gospel. . . . Yet I wish I could have seen her first, Angel, or have known a little more about her. We sent her no present of our own, uot knowing what would best meet the case, hut you must suppose it only delayed. Angel, there is no irritation in my mind or your father's against you for this marriage ; but we have thought it much better to reserve our liking for your wife till we could see her. And now you have not brought her. It seems strange. What has hap pened ?' ' Well, as I say, dear mother, it has been thought best by us (hat she should go to her parents' home for the present, whilst I come here. I don't mind telling you that I always meant to keep her away from this house till I should feel she could come with credit to you. But this idea of Brazil is quite a recent one. If I do go it will be nuadvisable for me to take her on this my first journey. She will remain at her mother's till I come hack.' ' And I shall not see her before you start ?' ' I am afraid you will not. My original plan was, as I say, to refrain from bringing her here for some little while — not to wound your prejudices — feelings — iu auy way ; and for other reasons I have adhered toit. I must visit home in the course of a year, if I go out now ; and it will he possible for you to see her before I start a second time — with her.' A hastily prepared supper was brought in, and Clare gave further explanation of his plans. His mother's disappointment at not seeing the bride still remained with her. Clare's late enthusiasm for Tess had infected her through her maternal sympathies till she had almost fancied that a good thing could come out of Nazareth — a charming woman out of Talbothay's Dairy. She watched her son as he ate. ' Cannot you describe her? I am sure she is very pretty, Angel.' 'Of that there can he no question 1' said he, with a zest which covered its bitterness. ' Aud that she is pine and virtuous goes without question ?' ' Pure and virtuous, of course, she is.' ' I see her quite distinctly. You said the other day that she was fine in figure ; roundly built ; had deep red lips with keen corners ; dark eyelashes and brows, au immense rope of hair like a ship's cable ; aud. large eyes violety-bluey-blackish r' ' I did, mother.' ' I quite see her. And living iu such seclusion she naturally had scarce ever seeu any young man from the world without till she saw you?' ' Scarcely.' ' You were her first love?' ' Yes.' ' There arc worse wives than these simple, rosy luouthed, robust girls of the farm. Certainly I could have wished — well, since my sou is to be an agrieultiuist, it is, perhaps, hut proper that his wife should have beeu accustomed to au outdoor life.' His father was less inquisitive : but when the time came for the chapter from the Bible which was always read before eveuiug prayers, the Vicar observed to Mrs. Clare : ' I think, since Angel has come, that it will he more appropriate to read, the 31st of Proverbs than the chapter which we should have had in the usual course of our reading ?' ' Yes, certainly,' said Mrs. Clare. ' The words of King Lemuel' (she could cite chapter and verse as well as her husband). ' My dear eon, your father has decided to road to us the chapter in Proverbs in praise of a virtuous wife. We shall uot need to be reminded to apply the words to the absent one. May Heaven shield her in all her ways.' The portable lectern was taken out from the comer and set iu the middle of the fireplace, the two old servants came in, and Angel's father began to read at the 10th verse of the aforesaid chapter : — ' Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. She riseth while it is yet night, and giveth meat to her household. She girdeth her loins with strength, and streugtheneth her arms. She pcrceivetk that her merchandise is good : her candle goeth not out by night. She looketli well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idle ness. Her children arise up and call her blessed ; her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellest them all.' When prayers were over, his mother said : — ' I could not help thinking how very aptly that j chapter your dear father read applied, in some of ' its particulars, to the woniau you have chosen. The perfect woman, you see, was a working woman ; not an idler, not a fine lady, but one who used her hands, aud her head, and her heart, for the good of others. ' Her children arise up aud call her blessed : her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but she excelleth them all.' Well, I wish I could have seen her. Angel. ' Since she is good, she would have been refined enough for me.' Clare could hear this no longer. His eyes were full of tears, wliich seemed like drops of molten lead. He bade a quick good-niglit to these really good, sincere, aud simple souls whom he loved so well : who knew neither the world, the flesh, uor the devil in their own hearts ; only as something vague and external to themselves. He went to his own chamber. His mother followed him, and tapped at his door. Clare opened it to discover her standing without, with anxious eyes. ' Angel,' she asked, ' is there something wrong that you go away so soou ? I am 'quite sure you are not yourself,' ' I am not quite, mother,' said he. ' About how ? Now, my son, I know it is that — I know it is about her. Have you quarrelled in these three weeks ?' Angel's position was trying. He did not wish to deceive his kind mother ; he hated to hoodwink her in anything. On the other hand, he felt that his wife's revelation was absolutely sacred. To nobody had lie the right to divulge an accent of it. ' We have uot. exactly quarrelled,' he said. ' But wc have had a difference ? ' 'Angel — is she a young woman whose history will bear investigation ?' With a mother's instinct Mrs. Clare had put her finger ou the kind of trouble that would cause such a disquiet as seemed to agitate her son. ' She is perfect,' he replied. ' Then never mind the i-est. After all, there are few purer things in nature than a simple country maid. Any crudeness of manner which may offend your more educated souse at first will, I am sure, disappear under the influence of your companion ship and tuition.' This tenable sarcasm of blhid circumstance brought home to Clare the gloomy perception that he had utterly wrecked his career by this marriage, which had not been among his early thoughts after the disclosure. True, on his own account he cared very little about his career ; but he had wished to make it at least a respectable one ou account of his parents and brothers. And now as he looked' into the candle-flame it dumbly expressed to him that it was made to shine on sensible people, and that it abhorred lighting the face of a dupe aud a failure. When he pulled up his blind to look out at the night,, the familiar objects were there iu shape truly, but they had put ou new aspects. The shrubs rubbing on the adjoining wall scraped forth the statement, ' This is what you have brought us to. We were planted to give pleasure to serene and thankful eves, not to be blighted by ill-omened r : vr from yours.' When his agitation had cooled he would be at moments incensed with his poor wife for causing a situation in which he was obliged to practise de ception ou his parents. He almost talked to her in his anger, as if she had been in the room. And then her cooing voice, plaintive in expostulation, disturbed the darkness, her velvet touch passed over his brow, and he could distinguish in the air the warmth of her breath. This night the woman of his belittling depreca tions was thinking how great and good her husband was. While over them both there hung a deeper shade thau the shade which Angel Clare perceived — namely, the shade of his own limita tions. With all his attempted indejiendence of judgment, this advanced man was yet the slave to custom aud conventionality. No prophet had told him, and he was not prophet enough to tell him self, that essentially this young wife of his was as deserving of the praise of King Lemuel us auy other woman endowed with the same dislike of evil, her moral value having to be reckoned not by achicvemeut hut by tendency. Moreover, the figure near at hand suffers ou such occasions, be cause it shows up its sorriness without shade ; while vague figures afar off are honoured iu that their distance makes artistic virtues of their stains. Iu considering what Tess was not, he overlooked what she was, and that the incomplete can be more thau the complete. (To be continued.} 