' mmi t wmk Our San Francisco Letter. SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14. Congress re-assembled at Washington on toe let . instant for the closing session of the Slet Congress, which expires oil Msrch 4, 1801; As explained in a previous-letter, ihe new House of Representatives «leetediaNovemter last doea aot come into exist- ; ence ontil March 4, and is not required to assemble j until December, 1891; unless called together in j special £e36ion by the President between March and j Decemlor. Under the system of Government i with which readers of the Herald are fs- miliar, a popular expression of opinion at the polls adverse \ to the party in power, such as that of last Novem- j Iter in (hie Country, would. have teen accepted as final, and would have led to some change in policy. . j 'With - us it is different The President h elected for a term of years. Jn the present case his tenure of office extends till MaTcb, 1893, and the House of Representatives, which was elected at the same time as the President, in November, 1888, esen^Bea.Ma functione-until-it cxpuea by operation, , ci law in March next. Still it might havo been thought that the party in power: would have accepted the verdietofihe people, or that at least. It would refrain from attempting to carry out the; measures pending at the time oi the last adjourn-, ment of Congressman*! upon Jihich the people had; 1 placed, iho Beal of their condemnation. What-' ever expectations on' this ecoror may. have existed were eet at rest by the President's message to Congress, which showed tbat the administration had learned nothing by the disastrous defeat of November. The message is a lengthy document of about 15,000 words. In it the President takeB issue with the people on their judgment on tbe M'Kinley Tariff, and rather peevishly insists tbat ' tbere ia neither wisdom nor justice in tbe suggestion that the subject of tariff revision shall be opened beforo this law has had a fair trial.' Tie most remarkable thing in the message, how ever, is tho persistence with which the President urges tho passage of the Federal Election law, notwithstanding the fact that it has bcea repudiated by. the people at tbe polls, and con-, demned by nearly all tbe prominent newspapers of his own party. Perhaps the most interesting part of the message to Australian readers ie that portion in which the President refers to the Australian mail service. On that subject he cays : — 'The present situation of our mail communication with Australia illustrates tho importance of early action by Congress. The Oceanic Steamship Com pany - maintains a line of steamers between San Francisco, Sydney, and Auckland, consisting ^ of three- vessels, two -of which' are of- United - States registry, and one of foreign registry. For tibe service done by this line in carrying tfte nytila we pay- annually the sum of 46,00t'dol., that being , esti mated' the. full sea and. 'United -States 'inland postage, . which is the limit fixed by law, The colonies of. .New South Wales and New Zealand -have been paying annually tothese lines £37 ,00ft for carrying the mails from Sydney and- Auckland' to' San Francisco. The -contract under' wnich this payment has been made is -now about to expire, and those colonies havo refused to renew., the aontract unless the . United States shall pay a more equitable proportion of the sum necessary to hold the service. I am advised by the PostmaBtei - G eneral that the United States received for carrying the Australian mails brought to San Francisco in these steamers and by rail to Vancouver, an esti mated annual income of 75,000dol., while, as I have stated, we are paying out for the support of the steam ship line that brings this, mail to the (Jniced States only 46,0G0dol., leaving an annual surplus re sulting from this service of 29,000dol. The trade of the United States with Australia, which is in a considerable part carried by theso steamers, and the who'e of which is practically de pendent upon the mail communication which they maintain, is largely in our favour. Our total exports of merchandise to Australian ports dnring the fiscal year ending June 30, 1890, were ll,2G6,4S4dol., while the total imports of merchandise from these ports were only 4,277,676dol. If we are not willing to see this im portant steamship line withdrawn or continued with Vancouver substituted for San Francisco as the American terminal, Congress should put it in the power of the Postmaster- General to make a liberal increase in tho amount nowpaid for tho transportation of this important mail. On this subject pnblic opinion is entirely with the President, and unless' the whole time of the short session of Congress is frittered away in Ihe^tttempt td^tcure.paiiisan .legislation it is probable that jprovisiou^iU be made, for. continuing tho present servicooh terms wore equitable than those ; hereto fore existing. - ' *.. Every day the telegraph'- brings us news of more failures, the liabilities in many cases running into millions of dollars, and there is no telling where it .will end. The Ritten house Manufacturing Company, of Passaic, New Jersey, went under in tho first week of the present month. It wa3 one of the largest woollen manu facturing houses in the United States, and its president, and the principal owner of its stock, was Edgar H. Ammidown, president of the American Protective Tariff League. Mr. Ammidown was one of the most influential of the many large manu facturers who went before committees of both Houses of Congress in its last session and urged the passage of the M'Kinley. Tariff Bill with its increased rates of duties. Afterthefailureof the company, which involved him to such au extent tbat he was forced to nake an assignment of his individual property; he ascribed- the failure to the unsettled condition of businers and the disturbed public confidence brought about by the recent Democratic success. It turned out, however, that the failure was due to the fact that while Mr. Ammi down, as president of the American Protective Tariff League was so assiduously urging the levying of increased duties on woollens for tho protection of American labour, he was importing millions of dollars of that clasa of manufactures with Ihe hope of getting:the advantage of the higher prices which lie hoped the fatiff would enable him to get for -the goods.; In tbat wayhisebmpany becamo so largely: overburdened that it was unable to meet its obliga iionaas they fell due. ? - ? ? ' ' Another sensational failure was that of Dela mater's Bank, ~ in Pennsylvania. Delamater was defeated as Republican candidate for Governor of that State in November, though supported by the whole power and influence of- tbe Adminis ? iration. His nomination was forced on tbe Repub lican party in Pennsylvania bv Senator Matt. Quay, who i3 ' also ' chairman of the Republican National Committee. Piofessor H. R. Elliott, of tbe Smithsonian Institute, has presented a report to Congress of the result of -hi&' inToatigationB on- a-reeent trip to Alaska, He reports that the- fur seal industry .in A merican- Alaskan waters is in imminent danger of ~ becoming extinct At the present time he estimates that there are only 100,000 seals in American waters, The continued depredations upon them have reduced the number so much that hardly a sufficient number remain for breeding. He recommends teat the catching of far seals at the Atrerican rookeries be entirely suspended for a period -of seven years. Meanwhile it appears from the President's message that there is no immediate prospect of the settlement of the dispute between this country and Great Britain as to the right of English vessels to take seals in the waters claimed by the United Slates as mare clausunt. j Charles H. Livingston, who between tbe years 1868 and 1873 was well known in both Melbourne | and Sydney, died in this city on the 1st instant Ho was a native of the Slate of New York, and in 1868 went to Australia where for several years he was interested ia various business enterprises with Thomas Stanford, who founded the Melbourne house of Stanford and Co. Removing from Mel bourne to Sydney, he was largely instrumental in the successful reorganisation and revival of a shale oil min^ig^ent^rise, , wjuch h$d-; proved 'a-ifatMwo. » ; under pxevioue managemenr.. On his- return .to thi* - l country in 1878 he. fettled in California, where he t became, interested . in a./ hu giber ^ of miu [ irig enterprises. For the past five years h% was . the : president ; and; manager ofc the Alia California n Publishing Company, which . owns and 'publishes the newspaper the daily Alta ? CaZi/orn'ia oftbis city. During two years of that period, 1888 and 1889, bo was also the manager of the Palace Hotel of this city. At the time of his death, which resulted from an attack of pneu monia, ho was 56 years of ags. Ilia Majesty King Kalakaua, of the Hawaiian Islands, is a visitor to this country. He arrived . in San Francisco on Deaember 5 on board the United States cruiser Charleston. Some of the newspapers have published a sensational story to the effect that his visit, is in the interest of a desired annexation of his kingdom to the United State?. The storie? are undoubtedly without foundation. He declares that his visit ia entirely for pleasure, and that it has no political significance is borne out by the fact that he intends to confine his visit to the State of California. Benjamin P. Snillaber, a well- known American humourist, died on November 25, at Chelsea, Massa chusetts, at the age of 76, of heart disease. He was tho originator of 'Mrs. Partington' and her son 'Ike,' whose quaint payings have been popular the world over for nearly 50 yeara At New York, on December 2, Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus W. Field celebrated the 50th anniversary of „ tfceir wedding. Congratulatory messages were re . ceived from all over tho world. Amongst others . .there wae recei red a cable message from England'. . headed by the Duke of ArgvH and Mr. Gladstone and signed with Iho -names .of oyer 60 n:en dis« tinguishedjn every walk of-life-eongratulatiiig Mr. Field upon the achievement of the laying of the first ocepn cablo across the Atlantic, There havo been graro apprehensions all this month of a geueral uprising of tho aboriginal In dians in the various Indian reservations in North and South Dakota, Montana, Nebraska, Colorado, Wyoming, and New Mexico For months past a semi-religious craze has been growing among all the Indians. How it originatid no one seems to know, but they have became pervaded with the idea that an Indian Messiah is to arise, under whose leader ship the white race is to be exterminated, and the Indians restored to the possessions of their ances tors. Some of the Indians claim to have seen this Messiah, and the probability is tbat some half breed has been imposing on the more ignorant members of his race, il any of the settlers on the frontiers became alarmed, and in many case* for sook their settlements. The greatest danger , seemed to bo apprehended in the neighbourhood of the Indian Agency at Pine Ridge, South Dakota. It was estimated that in the event of an outbreak 6000 Indian warriors in the Dakotas might take the field. It now ee- ms more than probable, however, that the danger was greatly exaggerated, but it was thought sufficiently great to warrant, the concentration of 5000 or 6000 United States troops at the points where there was* the greatest, apprehension if an outbreak One of the features -of this Messiah craze was the institution of 'Ghost' dances, in which, the ^Indians in large numbers worked themselves up lo A.pitcli qf superstitious/ enthusiasm, which it was feared might at any time result' in a sudden raid accompanied' by rapine and outrage on the unpro tected settlements in tho vicinity of the Indian reservations. 