THE GHOSTS ME. BESANT HAS SEEN. In his weekly letter, Mr. Walttr Besant has the following;—" A very good ghost storjr— one of achu«hyardand"a churchyard and a -phantom v — funeral has been "printed in the Lira I'/^i, and copied in the J'ull .Vail Gazcuc, where I saw it My personal experience of Bpooks hot it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. The first ' figure* I ever saw was abo-.t 6 o'clock on an evening in September. I bad been writing up to the last moment of daylight ; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked off; as I turned from the window I became an are that a fei figure was in the room; it made no sign, but itmoved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was closed, so that nMody could be in the room exoept myself. Another experience, and a mote singular'one, was this. I was tra— in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it—a village built round the "* rangle ot what had been a monastery, was the old gate loft; part«fthebufldinga; part of the wall; the quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent ffcapel, now the nariah church ; there were oclyj^wV or three hundred people living here ; outside rah aad babbled the trout stream with'ife hi«h bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. AD round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or mbwthing, they talked to me about the past; the place was filled with echoes Of tbe past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedrooms. A wonderful place; nowhere else in Englandi» there a more wonderful place. . I drove baek •md spent the evening alone in my inn, reading oertain books of theQiieen Anne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old roam, and the inn -itself was at least 300 yearn old. AH this . is introduction in order to show .'.you why ths thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and aat up startled: - I found the room perfectly light; the door, which I had locked, flewopen, and there walked in thies lnjlirj dreaeed in the Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I understood how beautiful was the Queea ABBS dress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) to talb but I know not what tbey - Suddenly—it shamee me to Confess the thing—I was seized with a horrid terror. I U leaped from the bed, polled baek the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then 'I turned to my visitors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went out of the room;.the firealowlyburned low; the figures slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were they? WelL You see that I have seen things. Beit I haVe heard nothing. No communication has ever.been made to me from the other world at all, exoept by-the spirit Kalia, and she only talked rubbish through a aediaa, And ! had to pay apoond for it" 