OHAPIER if. MB. GIRDLESTONE^ MONET. The room with the fire windows, in the centre one of which stood the Goldeu Lamp, wás an old diohig-háll. The oaken walls Were hiing with large add valuable paintings; and from the' centre of the ceiling iras suspended a great chandelier. At one end of this room a fire was burniug in tim open chimney; and near the mg in front of the fire, was placed a round diuing'tabte, laid for three. Leaning aver this table, td arrange some exotic owers in a centre vase, was tho beauti- ful lamplighter who had attracted John Westcott's attention an hour ago. No antique room, with so lovely a figure blaced there, would have better represen- ted a former century ; a period, one might say, in which Fishers Folly was the abode of beauty and fashion. The girl was plainly dressed ; the fair hair^ was drawn back from the broad forehead into A Grecian knot, and the. dark velvet robo fitted closely to the .-tall and slender form» Her face was undeniably hand-, some; but there was something more* than mere beauty in the large brown eyes; and resolute mouth; each, feature ex- pressed that quick intelligence which awakens confidence. It was the face of a> woman with character-à woman likely to exhibit resource in a difficult situation, fäuch was Marian GarWr, thë head part-' ncr in the old house. Having touched the flowers softly with lier long exprés-" sive fingers-ft toncb of the butterfly's , wing in tenderness-she turned away and moved through folding- doors into an adjoining room. It was a small room, but with panelled walls of a dark oak, like the dining-hall. In an armchair near the fire sat Mr. Garter with his head resting on his hand. Hts face was more troubled in expression; since his interview with Westcott he appeared to have even moré fully realised the magnitude of the calamity which was pending. As Marian approached him, however, he made à strong effort to overcome his depression. " ts all ready, Marian ?" said he, with cheerfulness in his tone. "Everything." "Is the lamp lightedP" '. Why, father, do yon think I would neglect that fr Would it not be too thoughtless," said she laughingly, "on au occasion like this i" As Marian seated herself beside him, her father said :-" How strange thal John Westcott should have returned to- night" " It is strange," said the girl with a smile. " And what is still stranger," she added, with a slight blush, " some one-1 think it must have been Mr. Westcott was standing below the. window when I lit tho lamp. Is he likely to prove a friend ?" "Ahí I was wondering," said Mr. Oartor. " He has the character of being au excellent and shrewd young fellow. But I fear," he went on, " that even if he had his uncle's financial genius, he would find it no easy matter to"--He stopped abruptly ; for at this moment Westcott came in. The change in his appearance, how that the rough costume was gone, was remarkable. Mr. Cartor scarcely I recognised him ; there was little of the sailor even in his face, and nothing in his manner. He had all thc style of a refined gentleman. The merchant rose from his I chair and formally presented him. Had she seen him, thought Westcott, when standing in the square below the windows P There was something in her look, something in her very attitnde to- wards him, which made him donbt if he was an entire stranger. He had recog- nised her ; and he had conjectured, while in conversation with the merchant, that the beautiful "vision" at the Golden .Lamp could be np other than Marian Garter. But he had no time for more than this passing reflection. The dinner was announced.; the folding-doors were thro wn open, and they passed through and took their seats at the table.; The, first object that attracted .West- cott** glance was the old;lamp¿ Marian's look followed his; ußheiemüingly Asked " No i I liad forgotten iHê housej" said lie. *« I Was söldom here?' " AU ! It is strange yon should have forgotten that lamp," said Marian. ,! So I am thinking," Westcott replied; "The workmanship is exquisite. .But," he added, " is it sot a lantern ?" " it can be used as, edel». It is called the Golden Lamp. It Was cálled AW Wurf before I was boru. It belonged, as you muy hare guessed, to Mr. Girdlestone. Ho nsed to call it mine. It has stood where it now stands, I believe, for nearly a hundred years. But the lantern," said the girl, "can easily be detached; it haugs from a hook, as you see, nuder the dome. I have forbidden anyone to touch it. I trim and light it myself all the year round." "No wonder," replied Westcott gallant' ly, that it burns so brightly." '* Not fot' the world,'* Marian went OBJ "wonid I tníás doing sd. li ii td ide á sabred dutv." Westcott cdtild not suppress a smile; "What reason can yon have, Hiss Carter," said he, " for being euch a con scientious lamplighter?" Marian looked serious. " It was Mr. Girdk'8tone'8 wish," said Marian, with a glance towards her father; sud receiving pd loot df disapproval, éllé added s-^.As long as the lamp is lighted-it was a sort, of superstition with him- luck will sot leave the house." As soon as the two men were alone' over their wine-though they could see1 aud hear Marian at the piano, for the' folding-doors stood open-john Westcott turned to Mr. Garter and said :-"There is something about that lamp-qaud I hope you will not think roe too inquisitive -which interests me. May I look, at it more closely P" Tbs merchant readily acquiesced,, áhuí the young man, stepping across the jodiri,, bent over the lamp, aud had not hjs/baok been turned to Mr. Garter, tho expression of keen eïcltemen't which came over his face might have puzzled him. Seating himself ouce more opposite to his host, after a somewhat lengthy examination1 ef the lamp; Westcott said : "Therese a large key, I observe, hanging beh'nd' tóíé lantern. I« there any tradition att&tmed;" to that P" *. I cannot tell you/' sail Mr. Gâter* w Mo one knows*' , ' "Dp you mean, «ir, thst it. fi.tfs jao lock?" , . . * /'.*.. A slight smile crossed t he merchant's face. "You know, hoff curious nßtnkné are," said he. " I need scarcely tall yon, John, that Marian has ; tried «rory key* hole in the house. She has not solvra, the mystery." " Save yon no theory» Mr, Carter, con- cerning this key P" ? - ¿" "None." ?'?'.*? " Has it never occurred to yon thal* it might have been the "key," said Westcott,' " to my uncle's financial genius r ' "Ah! that is a shrewd remark," said" Mr. Garter thoughtfully. "But let me' tell you," he added, " something about this strange man. lt will interest yoP*i No one, unless it was his Indian servant^ knew Mr. Girdlestone more intimately thauldid." That «ager expression again passed over Westcott^ face, but-it escaped Mr. Carter's notice. After a short pause he began; and the low sound of music in *theV; adjoining room added to the earnest tone of his voice. "Through a long life, John/jour uncle had lived alone in this old hpuss-alone with this Indian* During office hours, he occupied the room downstairs-the room in which that fine portrait hanger hut ho received no visitors there.- All matters: of business were arranged in my room in the room, at least, which became mine when I was taken, into partnership. There, in his magic way, ho settled ques- tions of finance. No one was ever allowed ' to pass beyond the staircase. Sven' Marian, to whom he was greatly attached/ never visited the upper stories exceptp when Mr. Girdlestone took her io look tft this lamp. At 6 o'clock every morning the great hall door was locked and baited, behind ns-that is, myself and the "clerks -»-by the native servant; and never, under, any circumstance, was it opened untU 9, the next morning." "An odd character," said Westoptt ja an undertone. .. . . ¡ " This- eccentricity led to all sorts of< rumours. It was generally believed tha£> Mr. Girdlestone was a maa of ¿great? wealth; and his excessive caution ;and* secret ways suggested a hoarding dispo^ sition. It was thought that his gold %asi# stored in great heaps in ' the garrets^ -':îk often heard these tates. ButI have BÎn^e* convinced myself that these rumours were ! unfounded." :JT.¿ You discovered nothing P" ' "i will tell you/' said Mr. Carter, "exactly what happened/ Buting the* years that I served Mr. GirdlesJ^e^f moro than twenty in all--I never knew^ him to be absent for one day from his desk. There were times when vhs ¿r*. ''{ mained in the conntingrhouae ©nlyt.ian^ , hour or «two} those were whatj caíhjíd.hiair i; jrestleM days« tori conJd hmidm paoi|ig& r. IhfslroolnfArftfth^^^^ forgotten. It was the only exercise he took ; and it always f orboded some new and frequently gigantic financial scheme. I sometimes fancy, when I am very busy, that11 can still hear him walking np and down. West looked about him. " lu this j room P" he interposed. " You believe it was here?" , "So it sounded to me," was Mr. Carter's reply. ''But it is a strange old house ; andi haye sometimes thought," ho added, »that t|»ere .may Its rooms up-stairs or downstairs of Which WO know nothing. But. let me fiuish. Oue afternoon to- wards the hour for looking-up, I heard a groan.r »ft cathe from Mr; Girdlestone'* room. t;l went ' in, and ifound my old partier "loaning forward upon his desk with Ids head sunk upon his arms. That was this lost aay in'the counting-honsa . he died that night." Mr. Carter pausod, with a distressed look on Ins ffase. The details pf that painful incident were pass- ing kividly.|hrpngh his j-nipïl. Presently he «onclndeàj-.C^ï No> sooner* wis. Mr« G irdlefltone dead.-'ötrango-to -sayí than-hisr Indian servant absconded. No one k uo ws whore he has gotie. He seemed to me like-a^manjiyho had received.some shock. I couldJ^iW nothing, of him. Doubt lessj^ be possessed a great deal of infor- mation about his master. If Mr. Girdle atone was a-hoarder of gold, lie must have found it out. But I, who have lived liere ever since my partner's death, hove dis* covered nothiug. And as to the mystery, John, about that key," he added, " who caul solve it P" ? V \ Westcott made no reply, but ho sai ^iJ^LifeffVT^' attentively; an« he oobn nolícld a look" of drowsiness com ingjover him. The fatigue and aurietj of (jue last few days wore beginning tc teiU upon bis overwrought brain. Th( ino^SfoppV he^bapame the move- wakeful grejirthö «pression ea Westebfo's facól As soon as he had assured himself that Mri Garter was asleep, the young mat rose from his ¿hairyAepV&d; softly 4urosi the-+eomread-*ppa^hed-Maùan'a aids Standing'where the light fell strong!) Upon OÍA, some paces from'lier, hL wht£ perîdiKDon't sto? pläyiug, Miss Bartel i yonr father.mil -wake." lr h&va; a secret to toiLypn^nd much, will depend, within the nett féw minutes, upon your presence of/jnlnjfc But do «ot Be, alarmed," h( hastened to add. " Blay as yon are play now; and listen ">. 7 v ,:v Marian was « true musician. ; fend at thc moment that John Westcott came and stqod there she «rsi flurried away by the enchanting effect of some melody. Hie unexpected appearance startled her; ii was Jika being suddenly roused out of a dream. She could not hide her agitation; .van the .flood; of harmony threatened to fall into discord. .~JL'"faW ' noté" was .track: andttíien in atrophied voice, she murmured,' as she half lifted hör 'eyes from the keys; *',A secrotto tell me P" Westcott sat down, though" without approiohiriginearer ;- for íh1é:fiMtTthtraght was to reassure the ;girl. "Do not be distressed, Miss ¡Oart er j place confidence in me. Gan you-nofc--for your father's sake1?' wHtf needs a friend." - : o . ^m ^irL fiwd^eTrSyes earnestly, on WestcQtt's |Me : it jyas^a handsome and eymp^thetlc face. Why waa his manner so mysterious and porplexiog B But his appearance pleased ter, aiid there- was-a J^^.'^g^.'M^w"^^ '.She ^mckly decided ; sfee pnt away all'suspicion as nngeneróns, aud answered bim. "i ain ^stoning. »Briy»5o not hesijsati? to speak." ^ The yóhng mah gave Marian a grate- ful ginned, have Come tb England/* said he, af ter a momeut's panse; "on an affair of the utmost inmortalice. I have come to do what is iq «ny power to save fue* old house ot Girdlestone and Oom naay.from rüih. Much that Mr. Carter Jjiad'Jftl4 inc had already reached ¿ny ears es-throngh what medium, and how strange a one, you will hardly gaess.*' - . . . I« The" weird stories "that Marian na heard.Aljoni this 9^ house itt Fisher1 Mvi^oQ èf ;ihê ^ueioi: mtôtâék ajr^estooe, whp' Lad iiVed :hTr|,8o jp yaws-«wore still fresh id oep^ugtt1br| even while« child, her mind had bee bnsy puzzling ont the meaning of thes mysteries. But she was more pnzzlei now i and as these thoughts came rushini upon "her-ithoughts which Westcott'i world had reoalled-rsome^bing pf he strange mood seemed po enter into he; expression while she played. Wsstcott presently resumed. "Tot (remember that Indian servant of Mr ftirdlestone's V' «aid he. « Well-I have seen him} and he has told me every geprej he knew abont my uncle," This was indeed startling nows for Mari«». She looked np at W/estcott with sager ayes and half-^artôî ^tps. She even ceased, ia her excitement, to move her fingers over the keys ; iind*for a mo- ment there was a dead silenoe. Bat she quickly recovered herself, and fell into playing soft and dreamy music while listening to all that now followed from Westcott. '* Tho secrets which this man has told credit tp the house. But nothing is yet, .ure; and for ibis reason I hesitar lo Before Mr. Garter wakes, let us try to settle this question." " It is possible ?" said Marian. " Yes j I sincerly believe so," said Westcott, in an earnest tono. " Dnrin? the many years that this Indian lived here, Miss Carter, he kept his eyes wide open. But he was shrewd enough not to ; betray any signs of curiosity. He was discreet and honest. Indeed, my uncle, I am inclined to think could scarcely have chosen a better servant. But he de- veloped, owing to the circumstances which surrounded him, into a panic-striken mau. All that ha had found out about his master's alf lira and the strange incident that followed, struck ¿error .io his heart. He confided all this to me pu his death-, bed. It was quite pitiable." . Mariau, with a wondering look in her eves, whispered : " What strauge inci- dent?" ... ,** One which was the causo of his sudden flight. This is what he told me : Years ago,. wheo lie first became my uncle's servant; ¿hodiscovered that his master was a lioarder^of-gold.- With that lantern in his hand, which you call the golden lump, Mr. Girdlestone would walle -about tho, house long after midnight; Ho naturally supposed that ¿his servant "was asleep "in his garret". "But the tuan was following him .like a shadow from fio jr .to floor. It became a fascination-a sort of mania. It' was like following some uneasy spirit about these 'old rooms and staircases. And so noar did he creep along behind him, with naked feet and sometimesion his hands, that he could at any moment have t melted his master; ¡and altjtpugh Mr. Girdlestone sometamos 'flashed the lantoru roun&; him--«wilh sus- picion, the native was too agile tn hil movements to be-detected. A particular panel became known to bim-¿ne that led tb a secret strongroom, v Thçt gifntl is in this «loom ; it is within a few feet, Miss Carter, of where you are seated." Tho startled look had come back into Marian's face. - iaTliat strange story wa« .tliis-P- She. had heard nothing so. weird About Fisher's Folly before. She followed . the youtig. man's, "glance; towjj^^yhe oaken walt,, andi again the ^||fß pras .almost inaudioleX " .'^ - : " Thors," «aid Westcott, pointingacross the *ootd, - " That panel eau be moved. . It is a door that leads doWn^rrow-stepk, as $he. Indian aesnred ine, into a huge ¡cellar. ' lïer'o >re to bp |oujtt| money-rthoosands of pounds, MissjCarter| iu hard cash." . Marian'si cheeks were flusb^F^i^ ^BÍcj citement, and tho níélodyjsoutúléd^'il: 'following her thoughts info:a.*hówer;o| igold. " Why." said she; «miËrWmm stone's servant hidö-this from us P" "Ah ! i am now coming to that," said , i Westcott. " On the night, that Mr. Girdlestone died-a raiuy, gusty night 'the ludian could not sleep. The loss of old master distressed him deeply ; but Í the-secret which he had stolen distressed i him still more. ' He could never restore it nowland it seemed as much a crime lin his eyes as if he had stolon the go^dj , .He took the lantern from its place and ' wandered about as he bad seen-his master doing. Neither the pattering of the rain j against the, windo ws, nor the moaning of the wind ia the draughty rooms and. corridors gave hjm any concern. He had never experienced the least fear ; it had all been wonder and breathless interest at his master's ways: Terror suddenly seized upon him for the first time. How tlfQ feehug esme he could not explain ; oat without looking round or; open listen- j \ng, an overwhelming conviction took : Ïiossesslon bf the man : his master was ollowlng him ! But it was not a living master but a dead one-the noiseless ghost of Mr. Girdlestone." ^^MàTi^ïiD^atd not help shuddering ; and heritremplons notes showed hoir deeply allHha&dohn; Westcott had boen relating affected her. The .young man noticed ¡¡hu, and waited while she tried tooker comelier emotion.. He then rpse from his chair, and taking from his pocket' the document which he had an hour ago dis- covered in Mr. Girdlestone's desk, ap- proached Marian sud pointed out the words written at the foot : "For the key to the secret strong-room, wherein .will be found fifty bags hard cashbook behind the Golden Lamp/' i?And"qqw,'' said he, "I will steal quietly Into the dining-room «rad got the lantern." Marian looked np with au expression almost of awe ; " Have you the hardihood -^all alónelo make this search P" Westcoty smiley, ff I-rn not frightened when I've a good 'light. And was not1 the lamp lit by you"-Marian dropped her eyes-" liírtor this very expedition f i It was/ my uncle's wish,-Besides," he went on, " is not the key which has been hanging there all these years the key to the secret strong-reoinF' V í " Westcott steps into the dining-halt and glances at Mr. Garter, who is sleeping soundly. ' Marum looks over her shoulder, but never ceases' playing. She sees, Westcott detach the lantern ; and as he come? qüfckly hack with the softest tread, I he stoB9 aiw tohohes a panel near the I fireplace, jrfis lin cofavey tj}ese' words to the grh'1, for his voice does not reach her : " This is tho way." Marian whispers back distressfully : " If he wakes " " Stop playing ; it will warn me. But tell him nothing." The girl glances towards the clock ou the mantel-shelf. "I shall count the minutes. Shall you soon bo back ?" Westcott looks at Iiis watch ; .' In teu minutes." " So quickly as that ! But it will be ten hours to me." He approaches the wall and prosseB upon the panel, which yields to his hand. He glances back at Marian, and their eyes met. His heart is beating fast, but her encouraging look makes it beat thc faster. Westcott stoops down aud eteps into au open space in the wall. A cold, damp draught- of air- rushes into- the I room. Tho music -trembles, as if icy wiud had caught the keys. Fora moment the läutern glimmers; and Mariau sees the light moving away. John Westcott and the Golden Lamp have disappeared. 