Novelist. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XVI.—CONTINUED. By Harold M. Mackenzie. (COPYRIGHT RESERVED.) "Really, it's too bad of you !" ex- claimed Miss Manton, as he gave her his arm for the fifth number, "here have I been dancing four times whilst you allow quite twenty girls to sit out. Why could you not have begun earlier ?" "Well, to tell the truth, there's no one here but yourself that I care a straw about ; besides everybody's not here yet, and they'll get plenty of partners directly." "You always have an excuse, and I simply put it down to laziness." Eric was soon amidst the throng sail- ing and steering his charge with as much skill as would an ancient mariner amongst a reef of rocks. He was generally con- sidered to be a good dancer, although as far as excelling in this art went, he cared no more for it than a child likes physic. It was a duty which he felt would be sel- fish of him to shirk, so on this account never refused to add his name to a sub- scription list. "Can you tell me who that is over there ?" said Eric, nodding his head slightly in the direction, where stood a young girl quietly fanning herself between the pauses. "Oh, that is the celebrated Miss Borth- wick ; have you not heard of her ? A girl with £3000 per annum, and just re- turned from England." "It's a wonder," said Eric, "she saw no one at home on whom she might have conferred the honor of making him her husband." "How very epigrammatic you are sometimes." "Well, a girl who has £3000 per an- num of her own, might be forgiven for placing herself on a pedestal, and when she saw the right man coming along, might descend and take pity on him. That's what I mean by conferring an honor. Of course, as is usual with wealthy girls, they have a number of fish snapping at the bait, and lucky or unlucky is he, perhaps, who swallows it. But what I want you to do after the waltz is over, is to introduce me to Miss Midas, I beg her pardon, Borthwick." The dance was just drawing to a close as the band crashed away in the coda, and as the last strains of the Esta- diantina died away Eric had brought his partner to a halt close to Miss Borthwick. "The only one left but you may have it, unless you care about the Lancers," said Miss Borthwick, after the introduc- tion. "Suppose I ask for both, will you grant them ?" asked Eric. "Very well, Mr. Rymanscourt ; mind, at the 10th pillar, that is our trysting- place." Miss Borthwick was, what might have been termed, a smart girl so far as her gowns were concerned. She was always turned out crisp, and fresh as any rose in the early morning. Her manners were taking, with just a shadow perhaps of desiring to attact attention, and her face, without being actually lovely, was a snare for many an unsuspecting bird. She had only just arrived from England where she had had the entrée to many good houses, and by her tact, good looks, and general style had won for herself the ad- miration of all who knew her. "So you have not elected to remain away from Australia altogether," said Eric, standing beside her as a polka struck up. "No, I am true to my country, although the charms of an English life are ever so much more to one's taste. I need hardly ask you, Mr. Rymanscourt, if you don't agree with me ?" Eric, who was born and bred in one of the home counties, loved England with all his heart, though the independent life which he was leading in Australia was very pleasing to him. "True, Miss Borthwick, England is the one place in the world where a man can be happy, that is to say, provided, of course, he has means to carry out his tastes. But, in my present position, I rather fancy that Australia pleases me more. You see in a country like this, a man can put his hand to anything without lowering himself in the eyes of his fellow creatures. He may drive a team of bul- locks, if he can ; he may split posts and rails for fences ; he may dress in mole- skin. In fact, they rather respect him for it than otherwise. Now, imagine anyone in England doing likewise. I could point out dozens of men with B.A. degrees in this country earning their liv- ing at such things. Here liberty, fra- ternity, and equality is the motto, and the best man wins." The conversation rambled on in this fashion until Muriel's name cropped up. "Yes, when we last saw the Greys," continued Miss Borthwick, "they were in London. Muriel was looking as pretty as ever, more so, now that her engage- ment with Mr. Seebold is un fait ac- compli. She was positively beaming all over." The dialogue was being carried on in a room deserted by all except these two. The lamps were screened by pink paper- shades, which cast a soft glow on the faces of Eric and Miss Borthwick, which somewhat concealed the sudden change that Eric's features underwent. "Can you mean what you are saying ? Is it an undeniable fact ?" said Eric, after a pause. "I'm not in a witness-box giving evi- dence, but what I have stated is perfectly true. Besides, why should you feel such interest, when I believe that you yourself broke off the engagement ?" "Pray don't touch on that subject, it's a long story and one that I cannot tell you here. Some day, though, you will know all. It will be sufficient for me to say, however, that I was not the cause of our engagement coming to an end, and more than life itself—" The speaker stopped, as if remembering he had said too much. He knew Miss Borthwick and Muriel to be fast friends, but whether he could make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some re- mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball-room again. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and then an inclination to seek the open air ; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be- fore him. The music seemed to shout at him like some mocking thing ; the faces, flowers, and everything, in fact, that gave life to the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was the first thought that occurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. "Are you dancing this ?" he said, hur- riedly. "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have you seen a ghost ?" Without a word, he gave her his arm, and led her far away to the corner of an apartment which had been tastefully de- corated with flowers.—(To be Continued.) 