LEONARD LINDSAY OR The Story of a Buccaneer. CHAPTER XXIV. (CONTINUED.) By ANGUS B. REACH. “Now we know each other sulliciently for the present. My time for remaining in this oystery part of the world will be over in two or three days, and I presume # » I that you will have no objections to ship in ray piragua, and take tho chance of the sea to Port Royal T’ Of course I engaged to be ready at a moment’s warning, and wo were about to part when he said suddenly— “ I have little to do this evening, and I suppose you have less. Come and sup with me. Anyone will show you the hut of Peralto, the poor pearl merchant. Como at ten.” These words he spoke with one of bis habitual leers and shrugs. I promised very readily, and then Benor Peralta walked away demurely, counting his beads. I lost no time in communicating to Captain Garbo that I had now an oppor tunity of shortly getting a passage to one of the English islands. Ho was very de sirous to know how I managed it; but upon that head I would give him no satis faction. “ Well,” quoth he at last, “so be it, Sonor Lindsay ; but I say, the first time you and your comrades take a Spanish barque be lenient to my countrymen; be as merciful as you can to their goods and chattels for the sake of old Manuol Garbo, tho pearl fisher.” At 10 o’clock exactly I took my way over the sandy beach to Peralta’s hut, which stood a little apart from the other buildings, towards the landward extremity of the ranchienv A a T plr*blod along, ouuietimes tripping over mounds of oysters; sometimes stopping to look to seaward, where all tho lights of tho pearl squadron glimmered as the Hoot sailed towards the shore, I suddenly heard a loud outcry, in which I could distinguish the yells of an Indian, and the gruff voices of Spaniards high in oath, and who, I conjectured, from the clash of arms, were soldiers. In a minute or two 1 saw faintly a dusky group of people, whites and Indians, some of them carrying lan terns, which gleamed on drawn swords and bayonets. The men l>earing them disappeared through the principal gate of the fort, and then the Indians, who wore left outside, raised the most pitiable cries and howls, until they were threatened by the sentries, and told they would be tired upon if they did not disperse. As I was somewhat late, I did not stop to inquire into tho cause of tho tumult, but I judged that it was probably occasioned by the arrest of an Indian who had committed some crime; perhaps, as was very common, stolen or secreted a valuable pearl. How ever, I did not think much of tho matter, and soon arrived at Peralta’s hut. It was a large house as compared with most of its neighbors, fenced all around with walls fonned of double lines of strong tough stakes, the space between them being filled up with stones gathered ap parently from the sea beach. On knock ing, I was admitted by Peralta himself, who led the way into a small room, with walls roughly built of wood and stone, through which the starlight was shining at many cracks and crevices, and mingling with the smoky glimmer of a great brass lamp. Tho place contained but the most ordinary sort of furniture—a hammock hung in a comer, an oiled bag for holding clothes, a table and two or threo small cliairs, or rather large stools. The table, however, was laid out for supper, and showed a capital repast of fish, flesh and fowl ; while a couple of flasks, with slim necks, and all oobwobb«d and begrimed, as though they had long lain deep in a well-stocked cellar, made a curious con trast to the cracked crookery and wooden platters, and hacked and broken knives and forks which lay beside him. “You see,” quoth Peralta, “that though I may have dealings with kings, I don’t by any means live in a palace. There are idle vanities and substantial vanities, my friend. Diamonds and pearls, laces and gildings, brocades and velvets are of the former class ; but good noeats to cat, and good wines to drink are of the latter. Now you see I am An admirer of the substantial vanities. I love to feed upon the daintiest monel, though it be picked up with a broken one prong< and fork, and I love to drink the choicest vintage of Rhine, or Rhone, without at all caring whether I put my lips to a golden cup which Benvenuto hath wrought, or to a calabash which Quako hath scooped before sapper.” So saying, the pearl merchant started the cork fram one of the flasks, and 1 tasted oertaisily the most delicious draught which ever tingled on my palate. “ Ha I’ quetu my entertainer, or I hold out the empty cup to be refilled, “you find that better than even the most oki 1 - ful compound of rye brandy and bilge water. O’est bioo alors— you teavo a palate which I grieve to say many gentle* man of your kind and profession hi vs not, profaning the hot strong drinks of Jamaica an d Tortugas tavsrns. even to such adorable nectar as this. Wbj man, bold out thy glass again, the grand I Louis himself casnoMisb up a choicer flat k from the most sacred crypt beneath the marble pavements of Versailles.’’ Talking in this way—relating to me strange anecdotes touching great generals and statesmen, and even kings, with whom my host, ta believe his words, had held familiar converse, and the moral*of all these stories being that the generals and statesmen and kings in question were as stupid, and as easily to bo gulled and laughed at os mere ordinary mortals—the supper and one of the wine flasks were soon despatched. Then, placing the fragments in a corner, Peralta produced u sort of purse or bag of filagree workman ship, in bright silver, and which seemed to be the only thing of price in his dwelling—always excepting the meats and wines—and taking from it some tobacco of most delicate savor, wo began to smoko and discuss the second bottle, which was of a different kind from the first, the wine being of a deep rich red tinge, and coming, as he told me, from Dijon in Burgundy. While we sat thus, my entertainer took almost all of the conversation to himself. He spoke of things new and strange to me ; of the crown jewels of mighty poten tates pledged to rich Hebrews dwelling in the tiithy back lanes of the cities of Europe—in the Jewry of London, the Judmstrassoof Frankfort and the Ghetto of Romo. “ And your brave Christian goes past, stopping his nose for the savors of fish fried in oil, and elbowing and jostling the hook-nosed, shabby old men who make with many a ‘Give you good e’en, my lord,’ and ‘ Faugh !' says he, ‘ these stinking unlxdievers ; why be they not packed bodily off to their holy city again ’ —and so passes ho by, to kneel, and cringe, and kiss the kings hand ; while all the time —ha ! ha 1 ha ! that very king is thir.king and pondering in his small mind how best he can squee/.o the next subsidy cut of his faithful cities and towns, and so release the brightest jewel in the regalia, now held in pawn by old Isaac, or old Jacob, or old Abraham, the vory dirtirat, raggedest, yellowest skinned and hookedest-nosed of the whole brotherhood—ha ! ha ! ha ! ’ The pearl merchant said this with so much gusto, and laughed with so much glee, that I began to think ho must bo one of the fraternity himself. He seemed to divine my thoughts, for, as if I hod spoken them, he, as it were, re plied— “ No, no, no ! Senor Buccaneer,although I have much traffic with the seed of Abraham, I am none of their kindred ; were I such I would b<\- wiser than to come here to live in a sty on this scorch ing coast, driving hard bargains for sick oysters.” My entertainer then went on with his stories of European courts, and 1 was listening with opening mouth, as he told, with many a quip and many a sneer, how, under the guidance of one Cbiffmch, he had one night passed up the back stairs at Whitehall to hold a secret interview witli Louise de Queruilles, since Duchess ot Portsmouth, touching certain jewels which it was convenient to raise money upon until there should come a remittance from tho court of Versailles, through Monsigneur Barillon, the ambassador of Louis; when all at once there came a loud rap, accompanied by a shrill whistle, at the door. Peralta started quickly up, but without appearing at all discomposed, and opening the door with speed, a hand some fellow, a mulatto, dressed like, a sailor, hounded in, exclaiming at the same moment in a loud whisper : “Juan and Blanco are l>oth detected !" Then, seeing me, ho stopped os suddenly as though he had been shot, but Peralta speedily reassured him. “Go on, man, go on. He who slandeth there is my friend ; ho is one of us ; go on. Have they confessed ?” “ All,” replied the mulatto. “They first told the truth, and then a great deal more than the truth, in hopes tin' better to save their necks. I squeezed in with them into the fort, and heard it all. The soldiers are coming. I heard the order given " Peralta stood still for a moment, and then said hurriedly, “ Doth it blow The mulatto replied that there was a light air only, from the eastward. “With the tide; two hours on the ebb. That will do well. Disco is on board the piragua ?” The mulatto nodded eagerly. Peralta turned to me—“l suppose,” quoth he, “ you have no objection to make a start of it this very hour?’ “ None, none,” I replied, wondering with my whole soul at the meaning of this strange scene, “ Follow me, then, and do as T do,” re plied Peralta. He swallowed his last cup of wine, and smiled when ho saw me copying his example to the letter. Then, blowing the lamp out, we all three sallied forth into the night, walking quickly hut cautiously amongst the scattered huts, I knew that it was no time for questions, so put none, though 1 was almost bursting with curiosity. In a minute or two we heard tho measured tramp of soldiers ad vancing, and presently the clash of their arms and tho gleam of their lamps burst forth together as they marched round the comer of a small street, followed by a great many Indians. There was a hollow place close by where he stood, with ridges of oyster shells on either side. Into this Peralta sank suddenly, flinging himself flat upon tho ground, while the mulatto and I followed bis example. In a minute the soldiers marched by, their attendant Indians gabbling and chattering very eagerly. “ Now,’’ quoth Peralta, “ for tho beach, and make as little noise as you can in running.” With these words, off ho get, going over the ground much faster than, to look at him, I should have thought pos sible. However, the mulatto and I kept close behind me, meeting nobody, although wo heard a distant tumult of voices in the ranchiora, and the tramp of people run ning hither and thither. There wore half a dozen skiffs and canoes moored to as many stakes rising from a small slippery jetty, and sheering backwards and forwards as the current of the ebbing tide ran swiftly beneath them. Into the outermost of these skiffs Peralta leaped as nimbly and steadily as if ho had been a waterman at Whitehall Stairs, wo fol lowing closely upon his heels ; but just as we had, as by instinct, sat down to the oars, Peralta cried out to us to hold, and then stepping back upon the j'-tty, very coolly cast loose tho painters of tho a-hole of tho remainder of the boats from their fastenings, and gathering the ends of the ropes together, os a coachman does his reins, bo shuffled back again into the stern sheets, casting of! our moorings as he passed by, and then, with a low chuckle to himself, we pushed off and rowed into tho stream, the squadron of boats following in our wake. “ Pull away, my good fellows,’ Peralta then said, taking an oar out of one of the skiffs behind us, “ I will steer you.” Our course was down the stream, and we swept along very rapidly, while, looking back, we could see by the lights which came dancing all down the beach from the houses, that the Spaniards were in hard pursuit. In a minute more a cluster of these lanterns shone upon the jetty, and instantly their bearers raised a clamor, and shouting that all the bouts wore gone. Senor Peralta only laughed to him self. “ Well,” he mattered in a moment or two. “ it is a shabby way to leave old friends, but needs nm*t when tho d<*vil or an angry Spaniard drive*.” All this time wo were shooting swiftly down tho river, the broad surface of which, gleaming in the starlight, now began to heave and undulate, as tho swells of the sea, rolling over the bar, affected it. As we pulled, Peralta, taking advantage of a great shout faintly heard from the, shore, hailed, “ Disco! Disco, ahoy 1 A long shrill whistle was the reply, and looking round, we saw tho low dusky form of the piragua, with h»r two high raking masts, and pausing on our oars, we heard the rush of the tide against her sharp bows. “ Dis< o is all awake,” -aid Peralta, and in a moment more wo were alongside, and tumbling into the piragua, which, not standing her very considerable size, was so light os to rock violently as, one by one, wo leaped over her gunwale. Disco himself, a Mosquito Indian, as I judged him, appeared to have been just aroused by the clamor on shore, and ho asked eagerly what the matter was. “ The matter,” said Peralta, “ is that we must get to sea as soon as we can. Thank (iod tho broe/.e comes fresher - that puli’ quite ruffled the water, Jenipa,” this was to the mulatto, “ jump forward and cut the cable—no time for weighing. Disco, get a sweep or an oar out on the larboard bows to cant her head round. Lindsay, bear a hand my man, and got the canvas upon her, or some of our friends ashore will bo swimming down upon us with their knives in their teeth.” The coolness of Peralta was capital to sea Just as Jenipa s knife wont with a cheep through the strands of the hemp, Disco’s oar dashed into the water, and tho stream catching tho larboard bows of the piragua, she swung round with her head towards tho shore w« had just left, while Peralta, who had worked as though he had been afloat all his life, flung loose the foresail from the long supple bamboo yard, and then both of us clapping on to tho haulyards with all our might, the light canvas, all dripping wit j (he night dew, rose steadily to the top of the; mast, and then catching the faint pull of the sea breeze, which has but little power when it blows in tho night-time, tho sail swelled gracefully out, while Peralta, with the sheet in his band, leaped aft, catching hold of tho tiller, and calling to us all to gel the mainsail upon tho piragua. We were, as tho reader may guess, in no humor for trifling, and accordingly tin* big lugsail was very soon hoisted by rapid jerks up the mast, and when, after having made fast tho haulyards, and trimmed the sheet aft, I paused a moment and looked round, I was quite bewildered. Tho breeze .vas hardly sufficient to keep the whi»e sails sleeping. 1 heard no loud rushing gurgle, such os a vessel makes travelling fast through the water, yet tho lights upon shore were flying by us as though wo were horn on horseback towards tho soa -the great white flakes and stripes of froth which had floated into the river from tho bar, glanced past, showing like light veins and streaks in dark marble—while tho skills which Peralta bad cat loose were almost out of sight astern. I uttered an exclamation of wonder, at which Peralta laughed pleasantly “Your Will-o’tho- Wisp may be fast, Senor Buccaneer,” he said, “but no craft that ever came off the stocks of European ship builders will sail with tho boats which tho Indians savages we call them—can scoop with rudo tools out of a single glorious tree. Do wo not move like an apparition—a sea spirit? Lot the Spaniard* chase us in their clumsy wooden boxes, the piragua will earn her right to her name, though all the navy of Old and New Spain wore flashing in her wake. I call her the (Jhost; docs not she glide like one fleeting to the sepulchre at the first glimpse of the light of the morning ?” I looked at Peralta, beginning to sus pect that the sudden flurry, coming after the humming wine, caused him to vapor a little, but if it were so ho icry soon came to himself. “ Hark !” said Disco. “ the surf on the bar.” " And see," added Jenipa, “ the lights of the Pearl Fleet close to the ofling.” " Forward, and look out, both of you,” cried Peralta sharply. “ Keep your eyes open on cither bow.’’ Meantime I crouched down by the sto< rsmnn on the weather quarter. The lofty lights of the frigate were much fur ther to see than the squadron she guarded. Indeed, tin* great ship cared not for approaching too closely the many banks and spits of sand which run out from the bar, and over which most of the smaller barques could float very well. The leading ships, however, appeared to bo as close to the bar on one side as we were on the other. “ Now, ’said Peralta, “grunt that the stupidity of those fellows on shorn will keep them from making any signal to their comrades out at sea. Hut the words were hardly out of bis mouth when the water and the sky were lit up with a mighty flash, and the loud report of a great gun a small battery of which was planted before the fort—-came rolling down the river, and immediately after wards a straggling volley of small arms rattled all along the bank, as though the soldiers were dispersed and running down towards the sea. By this time the white water on the bar was dose ahead. “ Starboard—starboard. Keep her a little away, master, the channel is on the lee-how,” cried Disco. The course of the piragua was altered accordingly, and glancing ahead, I saw the streak of dark water, leading to tho open sea; at the same time that the fleet of pearl Ashers answered the alarm from ashore by kindling torches, waving lanterns and •houting and blowing horns, just as they had done the night that the privateer had swooped down in the centre of them, and carried ofl' one of the very best in his clutch. At this moment, we having drawn clear of the sand hills on shore, the breeze freshened, sweeping down the coast heavy with the dew of the night air. The light sails swelled stiffly out, the sheets tautened, the thin supple masts swayed and creaked, and tho few ropes which stayed them upon the weather side stretched out os rigid as iron bars. And yet the piragua flew by every swell which rolled in from the ofling—not plunging into tho great green seas, and flashing the foam sparkling up into the air, but moving rather like a bird, which, with spreading and far stretched pinions, glances over tho sea, rather flying than swimming—borno more by the winds than the. waves. Truly, I hud never sailed in so wonderfully fashioned a craft -so thin and slight was her construction, that she appeared, as it wore, to yield, and bend, and quiver in the seas—but over on, gaily and light somoly she went, sliding, as it wen*, with out noise and without shock, leaping with a quick, buoyant, bounding motion, right over and over the swell*, which now, as the, w f ater shoaled upon the bar, began to roll by us, white with milky foam. Verily, Peralta did well when he likened his piragua to a noiseless gliding ghost. While I was still wrapped in amaze me.nt at tho performances of the canoe, she was flying across the bar in the very midst of the fleet of pearl fishers. The whole thing passed over me like a vision -a dream of flashing foaming water, plunging and dripping ships, with their canvas flapping, and their iKxmis, and yards, and ropisa, creaking and moaning, and rattling together—of fierce, eager faces, and hurrying dusky fortes running on tho decks, leaping into the rigging, flashing their torches and lanterns ; shout ing, yelling and hailing tho piragua and Peralta to lie to and put about—and some of them flourishing glimmering knives and firing pistols ia the air. All this, I say, appeared to jmsss by mo like a vision or a dream and it only lasted for a few brief moments—for tho piragua, which was steered in a fashion which made me look upon Peralta as a sailor rather than a merchant, flew through tho panic struck squadron, who could no more catch her than they could the shadow of her tall sails upon the water. Once, and onco only a heavy hook or grapnel, attached to a stout line, was flung by a lusty arm, and lighted in the piragua’s fore rigging, hut oven before tho rope had tightened, Disco leaped to tho spot, his knife flashed, the severed hemp fell hack into the sea, and tho use less iron tumbled down into the bottom of the canoe. The next moment w e were fairly at sea, with the whole of the squadron, save one or two loiterers, be hind us. Just then the frigate who was a couple of miles or so in the ofling, flrod a heavy cannon, and showed a number of lights, by which we saw swarms of men rushing from the high carved bulwarks into the rigging, as if they designed to make sail in all haste. (to de continued.) 