TeSTS MARY'SC1IURCH. The Rev. rather Byre, of West Mecl bournc, who has succeeded the Very Rev. Father Walshe as parish priest at St. Mary's Church, Williamstown, commenced his duties on Sunrday last. He preached at 11 o'clock mass on "Sin" which he described as the greatest of all revils known to humanity. Compared to it, the loss of friends, property, wealth or heldith was as nothing, for they did not impede, but often assisted, our journey to that Kinigdom of happiness which was the inheritance of all the children of Adam without any exception whatever. Sin was original, mortal or venial; origintl sin meant the first or the beginning, and was the sin of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Paradise. All their pros perity were conceived and born participators in the guilt of it. Original sin was removedl from the soulbybaptism, which wasof three kinds-baptism of blood, baptism of water, and baptism of desire. Baptism of blood was conferred on any unbaptised person who sacrificed his life for the ehristfn faith-as for instance the men or children killed by Arabs or other hostile tribes who sometimes attacked the Christains. IBaptism of water was conferred by pouring water over the head of the person to be baptised saying at the same time " I baptise thee in the nanme of thte Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost." It need not necessarily be adminis tcred .by a priest-any lay man or woman could do it. Baptism of desire was conferred rwhen an unnbaptised person died with a sincere desire to receive the Sacrament andil had no one at hand to administer it. Mortal sin.meant sin which might or would kill or cause death. It deprived the soul of the friendship of God and destined it to eternal misery. Mortal sin was forgiven by:perfect contrition which was sincere- sorrow for offeitding Gold,- not because of fear of the consequences, buit out of pure lo-ve for God who was so good in Ihimself. Any leSs worthy motive than thtat would .not be sufficient. It was also forgiven through the Sacrament of Penance instituted by Christ Himself when on earth. There was also venial sin, which might be forgiven by acts of mortificationindependent of the Sacrament of Penance . Father Byrne exhorted his hearers to regatdt sit as the greatest of mis fortunes; a misfortune to be avoided at whatever sacrifice. Aftcr mass he addressedi the congregation in the schoolroom where a coiinittee was appointed to aid himn in carry ing out some necessary works andi to raise funds for furnishing the presbytery. -In.tlhe past it had been the practice foir parish priests to provide their own fnuriiture, but the Archbishop had decided that the furni tture should ii future be the property of the parish as such an arrangement was likely to prove more convenient to all parties. 