THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR. READS "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently, Now a million dollars, (£2a0,000) is a deal of money but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby is not so rich as mmany, being a gardener, but he was ready eniohgh 'to give all lie bad fSr one thirpghe haidn't got. VHere is his,etory asbe shall tell:it In his own way." Mr Gaskiin goes ion to;say: ".Up toelght years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at lBeeston near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain" after eating, a bad taste In my mouth, which wiould fill with water and slime, the latter so thick" and sticky that I often had to remove it 'itlb my fingers, My chest used to 'fill up'. and my throat would swell so I couldn't bltton my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal chiefly a yellowish.green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became eaanuted and short of breath, and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks, ' I then went as out.patient. t. the Nottingham Hospital and after attending there for six months was very little better I got so thin that I was like ti ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with. me. For eighteen months I kept getting better then worse and the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby.: I found, however, that all the beds In the hespital were full, and I saw my club'doctok and also two doctors at" Derby. Thts first one said, 'You are in a galloping conseump tion, and mast die; the other doctors after sounding my lunge And chest,said nothing, but shook their heads, "Gettlng a triflo better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and than would be away for a few days. Things' went on like this till Decemhbor 1688, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was alwayscoughlng and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whttes of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry Aund parched and Ioften broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather and I could keep nothing down. 1 lost over a stone weight in three weeks, "I managedl to get up for a few houra sit a time, but was so weak I had to take bold' of the furniture to mov9 a few yards, I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying' was never at ease and got no real rest, Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-pothing but skin apd bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear, the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me, "The doctor kept on attending me but he said, I can do you no goodl I canonly patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything 1 could hear of, One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle, lunt nothing did any.good, and my friends who came to see me said,' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darloy Abbey, said to me, 'Tom, did &ou; ever tryrU totlier ?sge? Sylrup?' and told me how be had been qgured. after being in the hospital. Ile spoke so' much in praise of this medicine I sent omy wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation as black as ink and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three dlays my breathing got easier, my food kept down and in, q .few days more I was able to go out for a short walk, By the end of a fortnight I-hai went to sco my master, who -asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him as I tell ev ryone that Mother fligel's Syrup had savd my life. I commenced work at once and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return at! at once, hut after taking Saigel's Syrup Jor siC mondths I was as strong as over iri my life and have continued so ever since." In. giving his consent to the publication of abis repankable statement, M'e Gaskia eqs? uista ;s to refer all dslunbters. tbina 9'. to Ur Keetily, F ?esd tIard~?er, Darley Abboy, who is acquainted with all the facto allepol. Mr Oaakin hla lived at Darlcy Abbay 22 yeare and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what wleu the complaint from whicb he tnfflredl Not galloping consumption, certainly '(a? onebf the doctors thought), or he wovild hPdvegolloped into hi, grave instead :of growian wore. .for,; aeven.. yeare?. , Hll complaint ,. w, chronio inSammatory ysepc aln (or chronic gantric catarrab), which 'hs lIng sympto?m like coneumption, for which it is often ignorautly mistaken and wrongly treated, When the right remedy, Mother, Selgel'e Syrup, was used tlhe diieaes yielded, as all die aeon of the dlgetltio- tract do yield tb that magnlflcent :prephrntlboru, -We oeartily congratulato.Mr G?;akinionn=bia fce t ry,a?nd commend. the t ets ofblh,cicu iu all thinking people. 