, ; _Stage Gossip.( 3 ¡vp j The production of Ibsen's Ghosts " in London at; the Independent Theatre has renewed the question as to whether the Norwegian dramatist is a great teacher or simply an unclean quack. For those who hold the latter opinion the " Ghosts " haB proved a moBt convincing revela tion: They say that as compared with it "The Doll's House" was purity itself. Among playwrights, and other persons who " scribble" in connection with the English stage, there would seem to be a regular mania for lec turing. Some undertake to lay down the law With regard to dramatic authorship, and some give their views as to the principles of histrionic art. Two of the latest of these lights of the dramatic platform are Mr. H. A. Jones and Mr. Percy Fitzgerald. To be sure, it must be said that these gentlemen know what they are talking : about. But to what real purpose ? Can authors or actors really profit by such talk ? Speaking to the select committee in Paris appointed to inquire into the advantages or disadvantages of ajCensorshipof Plays, M. Dumas, fils., said that he was not absolutely hostile to the present state of thinsrs. He had learned to put up with it, and to drag on with it pleasantly enough. A first rate literary artist, French being such a flexible language and so well suited for innuendo, can say just what he likes. But the preventive censure exercised by the Ministry for Public Instruction, and the suppression censure which the Prefect of Police has been in zested with, are very different things. In point of fact the latter is vested in a few rioters. M. Zola thought that the Censure and the Republic were incompatible. The playhouse should be as free as the press. M. Sardou de clined to appear before the select committee. He Vrote saying that he had always thought the Censure a good thing for authors, managers, and public, and a security against, playwrights creating: difficulties with foreign Governments. ¡He used to think that the fact of having passed [the* Censure should give an author the right to 'Government protection when the free representa tion of his drama was hindered. It is of course hot surprising to learn chat the author of Thermidor" added that on the subject in question be "no. longer ventured to have an 'opinion." ' Mr. D'Oyly Carte has arranged for the purchase of the right of performance in English of the opera of " Elaine," by the well-known Parisian song composer, M. Bömberg. The libretto is based upon Tennyson's poem. It is announced from Vienna that Gustav Freytag, the famous German author, who is now '75, was married on Tuesday to the wife of the .reciter, Herr Strakosch, a Viennese by birth. Madame Strakosch is separated from her husband, 'and the author's wife is the inmate of an asylum. ? Prince Mignon, a French dwarf who recently made his appearance at the London Pavilion, and who of course put in the usual claim of being the smallest mau in the world, "came on " in Bome l¡what novel fashion. He was in a Gladstone bag, which was carefully deposited behind the foot lights. When the bag suddenly flew open its tiny occupant sprang out nimbly and made a graceful bow. ? Some years ago the Dutch drama of "Anna Mie" was played with considerable success by Miss Genevieve Ward in an English version. The ' " Batavian graces " of dramatic art have not. how ever, hadmuch attraction for English playwrights. But, anyhow, at the Court Theatre, London, a ; little piece taken from the Dutch, and entitled " Spring Leaves," has recently served very satis factorily as a curtain-raiser. Some surprise has been created in dramatic circles in London by the rumor that Mrs. Langtry has been making arrangements for another, tour in the States this autumn. Before leaving America she talked of staying in Europe for.about five years. A volume on Betterton has been added to the " Eminent Actor Series," published by Keegan Paul, Trench, Trubner, and Co. It has an excel lent introductory chapter on the stage before the Restoration. A list is given of the many charac ters taken by Betterton, beginning with Solyman in the "Siege of Rhodes" (1661), and ending with Thersites in "Troilus" (1708-9). There is a good index, and apart from its value as a his toric record the book is. exceedingly entertaining. The English music hall singer, Jenny Hill; better known as "The Vital Spark," is about ful filling an engagement in New York, for which she ¡receives ¿£150 a week from Tony Pastor. One of Ibsen's critics suggests that the Nor wegian dramatist must come of an Irish stock. It appears that in a scene in one of his latest plays it is argued and illustrated that the best way to secure happiness in this life is to bring about your own death. Mr. Justin Huntly McCarthy has made arrange ments with the Lyric Club, whereby he is to have the use of the club theatre for the production of original plays on such days as the theatre is not required by the club. A new opera by M. Massenet, the libretto being by M. Jean Richepin, entitled " Le Mage," was produced at the Paris Opera on March 16. The hero is Zoroaster, and Mr. Marion Crawford, the novelist, declares, it is stated, that M. Richepin has plagiarised him, and he has served a sum mons on the directors, forbidding them to per form the work. According to Italian journals the "claque" is now firmly implanted and officially recognised at La Scala, Milan. It is (says tbe ATHENÄUM) difficult to conceive how Italian opera in its native country could suffer further degradation. The eminent English actress, Mrs. Bernard Beere,-who has. hitherto-been chiefly distin guished in romantic drama, is shortly to essay old English comedy. She is to appear as Lady Teazle in a revival of " The School for Scandal " at the Criterion Theatre, London. A meeting of pastoralists and farmers at Warr nambool. (Vic.) on April 30 passed a resolution for the establishment of a branch of the Pasto ralists' Union in the district. 