Wit and Wisdom, There are no gains without pains. Men and women often páss unwittingly th< trne realities of life, and go tówar:d;-fals( realities. Womanhood divine, mistress and spurpe.o^all whence life and love and aught that comes >fron life and love. '* Oh, I have so much to say to you/' said Clara "Andi to you," said Maude. " Let's go to¡th« concert to-night." There is to me something profoundly affecting in large masses of men following the lead pf . those who do not believe in men. There are three things which ought to be con sidered before some things are spoken--the manner, the time, and the place. " Sea-sickness," says a modern wit, " is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but everyone has misgivings on the subject." " Let's see. Do we get condensed milk from Cowes?" asked Smithers. "Of course not/' returned Withers; "it comes chiefly from Cannes." \- M contemporary starts the query, " Why do shoes squeak ?" Presumably for the same reason that opera singers do, because of the music in their soles. Miss Million: "But, Mr. Marigold, I could never be a party to a marriage for money." -, " Do not be alarmed, Miss Million. I really haven't a cent to my name." / Florence : " The idea of saying you were only 2Í3 !" Bessie : " You forgot mamma told us that it was always better to underrate than to exag gerate, my dear." Knowledge must be gained by ourselves. Man kind may supply us with facts; but the results, even if they agree with previous ones, must be the work of our own minds. Egoticus : " I mean to so live that when I die all the great cities of the earth shall quarrel over the question of my birthplace." Witticus : " Yes ; each one will lay the blame on some other." He :. " Do you think you love me well enough to be my wife ?" She : " Yes, George." He : " Well, I only asked to ascertain how you felt on the sub ject, so in case I ever should want to marry I would know where to come." He that hath a trade hath an estate, and he that hath a calling hath an office of profit and honor; but then the trade must be worked at and the calling followed, or neither the office nor the estate will enable us to pay our taxes. 