CHAPTER EC-RrjNNino TUB GAUNTLET. AB Mary sat thinking over tho events of the even- ing, with many a shudder at the terrors that mar. ahalled themselves again, taking visible shape in the dark corners of the room, and with many a whispered prayer of thanksgiving, she was startled by a deep drawn sigh from the door. Long she sat with a fearful glanoe fixed on the doorway before she could force herself to look out, and when she did a low moan wai wrung from her lips-ior something white confronted her. Next moment she saw it was the white horse, from the suddon lift of his head, and he put her fears to flight by a joyful whinny, or rather rumble of greeting-that a hungry horse makes when he thinks his food is coming. Mary disappeared into an inner room for a moment, and then came out with a tin of mealies, whioh she emptied on the ground. As the horse fed she patted his shoulder, feeling relief in his company. "How was it," she thought, "Carlo was not there." Then like a flash it occurred to her, how the gallant dog had rescued her from the uplifted assegai, and sue blamed herself for not having thought of it before. He might bo dead, or dying among the rooks. She looked towards the dread mass, and nerved herself for the task before her. Thon without wait- ing lost sho should dread the enterprise sho darted away, and scrambled breathlessly up tho hill, dis- turbing the stones, which clattered down with a fearful noise. Tho hollow ochóos that arose unnerved hor and she was about to fly when a low whimper roached her. Guided by the sound sho was soon at the side of tho hound, which tried to raiso himself at her approach, but foll again with a pitiful growl. She was on her knees at his sido in a moment potting him, crying over him, and feeling about for his hurt. Her hand touchod something cold, and abo started baok with a cry. Tho dog was lying on tho dead body of a Zulu. Horrified and sick at heart, she staggered away from the spot, and roaohed the bottom of tho hill, whon she scated horsolf, and with what voice she could command called out to the dog to wait. For a spell the superb courage of this brave girl soemed to waver, but she nerved herself to the situation. Tho alarms of the night were not yet over. Sho had not advanced a yard, when out of tho darkness a voice came quick and threatening. " Halt ! Who comes there Í" Mary gaspod and stood still. Sho hoard tho click of a revolver, and it unlooked hor tongue : " Mo, don't, pleoBO don't." " Good God 1 muttered the unknown, in alarm, " a woman's voice." Mary heard a horso approaching, and soon saw the dark outline of a mounted trooper. "Who aro yon, and what aro you doing here? No larks. If you'ro one of those infernal ghoBts, I'll blow your brains out." Mary regained her courago, as sho saw the new- comer was nimsolf afraid. She even laughed at the thought of a ghost having brains. " I am no ghost. Now, ploaso tell mo what yon aro doing hero." The man leaned from his saddle, with his revolver, still ready, and peered into Mary's face. " Well, I'm-," was his remark. "HI, Cap- tain, hero's something up." Another horseman rode np. " Well, what have we here ?" '"Pear* tome mighty like a woman," said\the trooper. The Captain dismounted, itruck a match, and held it before- Mary's face, which looked pale enough for a ghost, if it were not for the light of life in the large brown eyes. He was struck with wonder at the vision, and held th* light until the flame scorched his fingers. "I beg your pardon," he aaid, "but this is a strange place and a strange time for a lady to bs abroad." "Hy house is but a few yards away," aaid Mary ! "I had batter lead the way there," " Certainly, madam," he. said, with grave defer- ence, as though she had satisfactorily accounted for her appearance. " I will call np my troop. We had just halted when we heard a noise of falling stones from the hill. We are in pursuit of a Zulu spy." It flashed across Mary's mind that Sirayo, the man whose arrival bad aaved her from a fearful death was in the house. He must be Baved. Her woman's wit rapidly reviewed the chancea of escape. " Oh 1" she cried, " beforo you come on to the house I wish you would save my dog. He is up the hillside above, wounded by a Zulu assegai. A. few of your men could carry him to the house, and I will go on to show a light." " It will be done-bat first tell roe about it. How did the Zulu-" Mary was out of hearing. And the Captain, still marvelling ut the. wonderful vision he bad seen by the light of his match, called up his troop, and himself went in search of the dog. In the meanwhile Mary had reached the house, and shook the tired Zulu, who sprang to his feet. " Fly," said Mary, " the soldiers ara here." The chief looked searchingly at the white girl, listened s second st the door, and then glanoed at the still sleeping Pala. "Tell her," he said, his deep voice softened, " that I have not forgotten the little maid of tho necklace, but war is no time for love-making. When it is over I will claim her, but ahe can hear of me at the Nek. And you, oh, white girl-I thank you for the life you have given me thia night." He sprang on to his horse and vanished into the darkness. When two men on foot, carrying the dog, came up to the door, and after them the Troop of Horse, guided by a light that Maty held, she kept tba captain busy helping her bind the fearful gash in Carlo'a ahoulder. When the task was done, the officer looked searchingly round the room, noting the broken door. " Will you please explain to me what bas hap* - pened, and how it is you are at thia post of danger?" Mary glanced into the frank eyes and received encouragement from them. "A party of Zulus who thought that their chief was dead, attacked the house, and then traced ma to the hill where I had sought shelter with ray girl. Thanks to Carlo, poor dog, and to the timely arrival of the chief, we escaped death." " Good Heavens ! Is it possibis t Do you know the name of the ohief ?" " Sirayo1"' " The very man. Are you sure of it ?" "He carried me from the hill to this room." " Then he has been hera. Where has he gone ?" " To the Nek, I believe." " Has he been long gone 1" " About half-an-hour," said Mary, weariedly. "Thank you," The officer thought for a few moments, then stepped to the door, "Serjeant," he cried, " remove your men a few hundred yarda to the left. Let thom dismount, and losen girths, i but don't off-saddle. We ahall advance before tba I dawn." The Serjeant gave his orders to the men, and tb« troop withdrew in a solid dark mass, to the aonnd of champing bits. (Tn be continued in next Saturday's U*ue.) - 