"GENERAL" BOOTH IN MELBOURNE. MEETINGS AT THE EXHIBITION. RECOGNITION BY THE WESLEYAN CHURCH. In spite of the fatigues of travel " General" Booth was up betimes yesterday, and managed, as a prelude to what he considers the real business of the day, to get through an extra- ordinary amount of correspondence. The engagements of the morning included also a call on His Excellency the Governor. In the afternoon he received a deputation of Wesleyan clergymen, to whom he made a fairly lengthy reply, and seven minutes later he was on the platform of the Exhibi- tion addressing a crowded meeting. At a quarter to 8 in the evening a second and even more largely attended meeting was held. Today the "General" will deliver an address on his social regeneration scheme and to- morrow he leaves for Bendigo. DEPUTATION OF WESLEYAN MINISTERS. In the afternoon a deputation of Wesleyan ministers waited upon " General" Booth at the " headquarters " in Little Collins-street, in order to bid him welcome to Victoria. The Rev. W. A Quick, in introducing the deputation, said that they had come on behalf of the Wesleyan Church to bid "General" Booth welcome and God-speed. They felt that there was a strong relation- ship between them, and if it were allowed he would say "Brother" Booth. They held that the army preached the same doctrine that Wesleyans were accustomed to preach, and that the movement was grounded upon evangelical principles. The army did many things which Wesleyans greatly admired, especially its great self-denial and self-sac- rifice. They sympathised doubly with the army in its preaching of Jesus Christ. John Wesley had said that Methodism arose to spread Christian holiness through the length and breadth of the land. "General" Booth's object was to destroy the miseries of men by destroying the sins of men. Speaking for himself, he wished to say that he had read "General" Booth's book with a great deal of delight, because he knew a great deal about the evil parts of Glasgow and London, especially in the east end of both towns, and he thought that the "General's" plan was a most feasible one. The Rev. J. Watsford remarked that though he did not take the same favourable views as his colleague as to all of the methods of the Salvation Army, he certainly believed in trying to raise the suffering masses, and in keeping the salvation of souls always before them in preaching the doctrines of the living Christ. While he gave the " General" a hearty welcome to Australia, he had some doubt as to how the scheme would go among the working men in Australia. He was afraid that the " General" would meet with some opposition from them, but he hoped that " General " Booth's strong persuasive powers would enable him to carry his point with them. The Rev. J. W. Crisp (Geelong), having been associated with "Colonel" Barker in the Prison Gate Brigade rescue work, was glad to bear testimony to the splendid services of the army in this direction, and sincerely wished the " General" God-speed. The Revs. S. Knight and W. Blamires also briefly offered their congratulations. "General" Booth, in reply, said that Mr. Quick was quite right in saying that the army had a very distinct relation to the Wesleyan community. It reminded him of an anecdote of the Duke of Wellington, who in one of his walks was besieged by a vagrant, who asked alms. The Duke held somewhat the same views on the subject of indiscriminate charity as he (the speaker) did, and he asked the vagrant to state the grounds on which he based his claim. "Oh!" said the man, "you're a brother of mine—at least if you go back far enough you will find that we had a common father." The Duke put his hand in his pocket and gave the vagrant 1/2d. , telling him that "if all your brothers give you so much you'll be richer than I am." (Laughter.) Still there was no need to go back to their common father, Adam, to prove the relationship between the Army and John Wesley, since it was not very long ago that he ("General" Booth) was body and soul and heart and brain a Wesleyan, and when John Wesley had no more enthusiastic admirer. He ("Gene- ral" Booth) held that there was one God, and one prophet, and that his name was John Wesley. He did not exactly say his prayers to John Wesley, but he tried to model his life and to shape his course from him. He read about John Wcsley by day and dreamt about him by night. In fact, he was a Wesleyan of the first water. Then circumstances occurred which at that time he greatly deplored, but out of which God in his infinite goodness had chosen to bring good, and which he trusted had also brought some benefit to Wesleyan Methodism itself. His path diverged, but he did not think it had diverged greatly so far as the spiritual feeling had gone. He held as thoroughly as ever to whatever of Wesleyanism was good and Christ-like, and he hoped to have the oppor- tunity of being of some use to it, because the longer he lived the more he would admire the man John Wesley. He did not know whether he would not get up a centenary to him some day or other. When he had first broached his scheme of social reform people called him a backslider, because he had often proclaimed, as it were on the house-tops, that the proper way to ameliorate the evils that flesh is heir to was through Calvary, and now he was going to take up a scheme of secular amelioration. He replied, " No. I am exactly the same." At the same time he saw these people half demented in consequence of their human and social miseries, and he felt that it was necessary to go to them and with one hand to lift them out of their miseries and with the other to offer them the Lord Jesus Christ. In whatever way these people were reached he did not care so long as they were got for Christ. People said to the army, "You want to force religion down people's throats." Quite right - he would drive men to Christ, how he did not care. Therefore he put his arm round them, because they were men as he was a man. If one plan failed they must try another ; but they must reach the men. There they were, starving before people's eyes. What results could they hope for with people who were starving? Their own natural instincts would furnish the reply ; indeed, people would be a great deal more religious if they took a little more notice of their human instincts. If they could sometimes forget the change that came after death, he was not sure that they would be better men and women. Let them set to work as though they were already in heaven. Anyone in the room could imagine waking up and saying to some angel with a broken leg - that is if they had legs - "Here, hold my crown while I go for help. " (Laughter. ) He hoped to see men and women get away from the conventionalities of life - he hoped even to see clergymen in corduroy going to work. (Laughter. ) To help the people they must become servants and apostles, and the people would feel it and love them as much as they deserved. The army had laid its fingers also upon the doctine of holiness, and if the army ever gave that up might it lie wiped as soon as possible off the face of the earth, even as a few months before he had laid in the earth her whom he had loved and cherished, and held in his arms, and wor- shipped as much as a man ought to do. But when the spirit went out of her he laid her in the grave. And when the spirit went out of an organisation, the proper thing to do was to bury it out of sight. If so, there would be plenty of chapels and barracks to let. He thanked them for their sympathy. He was only a man like themselves, with plenty of trials and troubles, and such expressions of esteem would strengthen him to further cffort. Their faces would be graven upon his memory, and when he left Melbourne he would think of them, and pray that God's blessing might be over them. The deputation withdrew. THE SPECIAL HOLINESS MEETING. Unless it were for the title, and perhaps an additional infusion ot excitement into the proceedings, there was little to distinguish the special holiness convention held yesterday in the Exhibition building from any other of the meetings of the Salvation Army. The same shouting and singing, the same effervescence of gesture, the same exhorting and testifying and band playing, the same utter absence of any fixed order - these were the prevailing fea- tures of the convention. And, like all the gatherings which have marked the advent of "General" Booth, it remains a practical impossibility to tell with any certainty when the convention commenced, whether it did or did not continue without pause for the whole of the day, or that, but for the necessity of closing the building, it would ever have left off. Nominally it should have started yesterday at 3 o'clock, but for at least an hour and a half, and possibly longer, before that time the place was crowded to suffocation point, the sale of tickets was almost dis- continued, and the tide of songs, prayers, and exhortations was in full swing. That "General" Booth came in at 3 o'clock and left again shortly after was, so far as anybody could see, merely an incident in the history of the convention. The "General " had another tremendous reception, and at once the vast audience broke into Psalm 45, ending with the favourite Salvationist chorus :— "Let me, Jesus, let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know redemption's plan Fuller know redemption's plan." They sang it possibly half a dozen times, each time with greater strength of lung. But loudly as they chanted they could not satisfy the general, who, standing in front of the platform, marked time with outstretched arms, abandoning himself entirely to the excitement of the moment, in striking contrast to his demeanour of the previous two days. This was not the "General" Booth of Sunday, or Saturday. For the first time the audience saw the leader of the Salvation Army in his atra-Salvationist mood. " Again, again," he shouted. "Let me fuller know redemption's plan ! Sing it again, but not 'redemption'—salvation ! Let me fuller know salvation's plan. If you burn to trust the blessed Christ this evening—if you burn to have Him blot out your guilt—sing it again. And the audience, obedient to the cry, took up the burden— "Let me, Jesus, let me, Jesus, Let me, Jesus, Fuller know salvation's plan, Fuller know salvation's plan." "No, no," the "General" cried. "I am not satisfied. Everybody wants to know about Jesus this evening, and to have more salvation than they ever had before. If you don't, what did you come here for? Why else did you leave your business and your shops? Who could ever have expected that anybody at all would leave their homes on a Monday afternoon. If anybody had said so a month ago you would have said, 'Nonsense. ' Some of you have travelled miles, and you re going to have something for it, or else you've thrown your fare away, you know, and you'd better go home again and look after your business. You want salvation or you'll never enjoy religion. There was an old woman once who said, 'What, me enjoy religion! Why, I never knew what it was to be miserable until I got religion." The reason was she did not get enough of it. Let's have more of it. (" Amen." ) Everybody wants more of salvation. So sing it again, sing it again, and everybody hold then right hand up." They sang again after this, and they sang it with the loud pedal on, every right arm extended at length, and every foot in the hall keeping time to the thunder of the big drum. Then says the "General", "Let us all pray," and as the audience fall on their knees, he adds, with a keen glance that sweeps the building from floor to galleries, 'Pray - not look about. The devil always looks at a meeting when it is praying, and sees how many are helping him, and how many are helping Jesus Christ. He takes notice of those that keep their eyes open. Shut your eyes, or else he'll put you down in his pocket-book. ' Then a hymn, "All the Way to Calvary", and the "General", after reading from St. John, 12th chap , 23rd verse, plunges into a characteristic address on the Christianity of Christ. To be entitled to call himself a Christian, a man must live the life of Christianity. He must have the same purpose in life that Christ had. For Jesus Christ had a ruling purpose. He did not come here to keep a shop - nothing of the kind. He did not come here to discover a gold mine - nothing of the sort. He did not come here for pleasure. No! no! no! However, people will ask, Can you make such insinuations? He did not come to glorify Himself - to dress Himself, to paint Himself, to curl His hair, and cringe and crawl and stalk about in order that people might think a lot of him. Again, people cry, '"General, General, please give over talking in that line \- it is disrespectful to my Saviour". No; He came here to save souls , He came here to save y0ur soul. ("Glory," "Blessing," " Praise," " Hallelujah." ) The General goes on anew, and as he proceeds the excitement grows more and more intense, and the "Hallelujahs ' fall thicker and faster "Are you a Christian? Is He the ruling purpose of your life? If you have got the spirit oí Jesus Christ you are a Christian. Are you a follower of the Bleeding Lamb? ' Are you on His side? Then you can call yourself a Christian. Everybody who thinks so say 'Amen'. And the audience unite in one mighty 'Amen ' " Here is the proof", the "General" goes on, "in the Bible - your Bible. This is not a Salvation Army Bible - yes it is ; it is my Bible, blessed thing - and the " General' presses it affectionately to his bosom. "This is the Bible that you read,, and swear by, and quarrel over, and which you expect you are going to be judged by on the last great day. This is your Bible, and I ask you to listen to the words that y0u knew from childhood. This is what it says - 'The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, although he was rich- a millionaire -yet for our sins He became poor that we through His penalty might become rich. ('Hallelujah') Have you got that spirit? ' You may be a member of a church. I believe in being a member of a church, a good member, and a working member, and a paying member. You may have got a creed. I believe in a creed - I believe in what I believe in. ('Hallelujah') That is my creed. ('Glory) You may have a ceremonial and sacraments. We have a ceremonial, we belong to the High Church. (Laughter) I believe in a ritual, and vestments, and processions, and walking about on week days as well as Sundays, seeing who is on the Lord's side." You may have excitement; - I believe in excitement. I do. ( Glory ) I don't think much of people who are not musical and not excitable - they may be very good in their way, but they aren't of much use to the Salvation Army. (Laughter ) I like a man who can fire up - a man who has got a temper - a good temper, though. (Laughter ) I believe in excitement, and I do like to get up the excitement here. ('Hallelujah ) Talk about the excitement of Melbourne - what is it to the excitement of saving souls? ('Glory') Talk about Eight Hours Day! I'd like to make it four and twenty hours. I'd have an excitement that would shut up the shops and stop the factories, and close Government House and put the Governor down to the humblest individual in the street. ('Hallelujah') I'd like to have one great, blessed, glorious excitement that would sweep over everything - (Glory) and that would take every man and every woman and sweep them away before it, away into the Kingdom of God ('Hallelujah') By this time the excitement is nearing its tension point. Women are already beginning to sob hysterically, and men, with the perspiration rolling off their faces are following every second word with hoarse murmurs of "Bless the Lord", " Glory" and the like. The "General" himself has altered the pitch of his voice by half a tone, and is talking now not in the even, monotonous drawl of the earlier part of his address, but with a rapid and nervous utterance - harsh, almost metallic in effect. With constantly increasing speed he goes on - "You may have a correct creed - no doubt the devil is the correctess theologian in the universe \- you may go to church, you may serve in the army barracks, you may enjoy all the pleasures of Bible classes and Bible readings, and live a correct life, but unless you make Jesus Christ's purpose your purpose, and Jesus Christ's life your life, I don't see how you can call yourself a Christian man or a Christian woman, and I cannot, and I say it with all reverence - I cannot see how without these attributes, Christ himself could have claimed to be the Messiah. It was when He came down to sacrifice himself for me and you that he became Christ. ('Hallelujah') And to follow Him seems to me the only ground on which a man can claim to be a Christian. Where are you? If you are right may God confirm you. If you are in the main right, may God make you wholly so. May He endow you with Christ-like spirit and zeal for the rescue of perishing souls. If you are not, then Jesus Christ is here to give himself away ("Hallelujah" ) " Behold, I stand at the door and knock." ("Glory") Open the door and He will go in. Now comes the climax. The audience have lost all control over themselves. They hang on the words of the speaker with cries and ejaculations and sobs. And the General, with both hands uplifted high above his head, goes on, " The time is now. Now, now, now. The time is now for the salvation, for the baptism, for the purifying flame. Burn out anger and envy and temper ("Yes") Burn it out. ( "Amen") Everybody who wants it say Amen ("Amen") Say it again. ("Amen") All this is going to be. Everybody who believes it say "Amen." ("Amen" ) And may the blessing of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost be upon every man and woman here." The " General" finishes in the midst of a scene of hysterical excitement. He goes away, and some of the people follow him. Others remain, for how long it is hard to say; but at 7 o'clock a meeting - apparently the same meeting, is in full swing. Anyway, there are the same "staff officers" and "Hallelujah lasses" on the platform, the same tremendous audience, the same band, playing as vigorously and earnestly as they were three hours before. The 'General' arrives at a quarter to 8 o'clock, meets with the same tremendous reception, and goes very much through the same programme. His speech, though in some respects different, is on the whole a fairly complete reproduction of that of the afternoon. But in the evening's proceedings there is one great and striking difference. The afternoon was the sermon. The evening is the application. THE PENITENT FORM Hour after hour the nervous excitement of the afternoon has been steadily worked up. The songs and choruses have passed by, the collection has been made, the "General" is approaching the climax of his speech. "God" he says, "is like a confectioner. He preserves you and He sweetens you; glory be to God. What you want to do is to go into partnership with Him ; but you want to share the profits and take none of the risk. God doesn't do business that way. You can't go into partnership with him on the limited liability principle. If you want power, if you want glory, if you want love, if you want the blood of Christ, you can have it a thousand times over, but you must pay the full price. You can't beat it down or cheapen it, as you would with a tradesman, from £5 to £4. When you ask what the price is, the answer comes "All you've got," and you must pay it or leave it alone. The poor widow had only two mites, and she got it, and a compliment into the bargain. She gave all she had." "Let us pray." There is a silence and every head is bent. The 'General' goes on again, "Some of you want to come to Christ. Come now. Come to the penitent form. Rise in your places and remain standing, and close your eyes, while we sing that hymn which is always my favourite, "Jesus is Calling." We are going to sing it very softly. While we are singing it say to yourself "Jesus, I give myself to you" Do it. Now we will sing - "I hear Thy welcome voice That calls me, Lord, to Thee; To cleanse me in Thy precious blood That flowed on Calvary." "Now we will go on. Jesus is calling. That is what you must think of . Never mind your feelings. Remember nothing except that Jesus Christ is offering you that salvation which you want. Now, now, Jesus is Calling. Open your hearts wide, He is coming now. The response to this appeal was immediate, and all over the hall the figures of the "saved" stood out prominently above the bowed forms of the audience. Most of them were young women, the majority of the slender and fragile type that forms the typical idea of a Hallelujah lass. But there were many men. And while the choir softly sang the hymn, they began to mov e forward to the penitent form, where they cast themselves down with tears and sobs. The "officers" and the "Hallelujah lasses" were busy among the kneeling women and men, praying, entreating, encouraging. On the platform, "Colonel" Nicol thundered out a prayer. The whole scene was ecstatical or hysterical, according to the point of view from which it was looked at. Perhaps the most pleasing feature about it was that it brought the meeting to a close. 