CHARLOTTE BRONTE AT THE THACJKERAYS. (Mrs. lliTcnir:, is- " Macmillan's Maga zine.") One of the most notable persons who ever came into our old bow-windowed drawing room in Young-street is a guest never to be forgotten by me, a tiny, delicate, little per son, whose small hand nevertheless grasped a mighty lever which set all the literary world of that day vibrating. I can still see the scene quite plainly !•—the hot summer evening, the open windows, the carriage driving to the door as we all sat silent and expectant; my father, who rarely waited, waiting with us ; our governess my sister and I all in a row, and prepared for the great event. We saw the carriage stop, and out of it sprang the activc, well-knit Ggure of young Mr. George Smith, who was bringing Miss Bronte to see our father. My father who had been walking up and down the room, goes out into the hall to meet his guests, and then after a moment's delay the door opens wide, and the two gentlemen come in, leading a tin}', delicate, serious, little lady, pale, with fair straight hair, and steady eyes. She may be a little over thirty ; she is dressed in a little barege dress with a pattern of faint green moss. She enters in mittens, in silence, in seriousness ; our hearts are beat ing with wild excitement. This then is the j authoress, the unknown power whose books have set all London talking, reading, specu lating ; some people even say our father wrote the books—the wonderful books. To say that we little girls had been given •" Jane Eyre" to read scarcely represents the facts of the case : to say that we had taken it without leave, read bits here and read bits there, been carried away by an undreamed-of iind hitherto unimagined whirlwind into things, times, places, all utterly absorbing and at the same time absolutely unintelligible to us, would more accurately describe our states of mind on that summer's evening as we look at .Jane Eyre—the great Jane Eyro ■—the tiny little lady. The moment is so breathless that dinner comes as a relief to the solemnity of the occasion, and we all smile as my father stoops to offer his arm, for genius though she may be, Miss Bronte can barely reach his elbow. My own personal impressions are that she is somewhat grave and stern, specially to forward little girls who wish to chatter ; Mr.George Smith has sinc6 told me how she afterwards remarked upon my father's wonderful forbearance and gentleness with our uncalled-for incursions into the conversation. She sat gazing at him1 with kindling of interest; lighting up with a sort of illumination every now and then as she answered him. I can see her bending forward over the table, not eating, but listening to what he said as he carved the dish before him. I think it must have been on this very occasion that my father invited some of his friends in the evening to meet Miss Brojite —for everybody was interested and anxious to see her. Mrs. Crowe, the reciter of ghost stories, was there. Mrs. Brooklield, Mrs. Carlyle, Mr. C*rlyle himself was there, so I am told, railing at the appearance of cock neys upon Scotch Mountain sides; there were also too many Americans for his taste, "but the Americans were as God compared to the cockneys," says the philosopher. Be sides the Garlyies there were Mrs. Elliott and Miss Perry, Sirs. Proctor and her daughter, most of my father's habitual friends and companions. In the recent life of Lord Houghton I was amused to see a note quoted in which Lord Houghton also was convened. Would that he had been present!—perhaps the party would have gone off better. It was a gloomy and a silent evening. Every one waited for the brilliant conversation which never began at all. Miss Bronte re tired to the sofa in the study, and murmured a low word now and then to our kind gover ness, Miss Truelock. The room looked very dark, the lamp began to smoke a little, the conversation grew dimmer and more dim, the ladies sat round still expectant, my father was too much perturbed by the gloom and the silence to bo able to cope with it at all. Mrs. Brookleld, who was in the doorway by the study, near the corner in which Miflfj Bronte was sitting, leant forward with a little commonplace, since brilliance .was not to lie'the order-of the evening. "Do you like London Miss Bronte ?" she said ; an other silence, a pause, then Miss Bronte answers "Yes and No" very gravely, and there the conversation drops. My sister and I were much too young to be bored in those days ; .alarmed, impressed we .might be, but l.ot yet bored. A party was a party, a lioness was a lioness ; and—shall I confess it ?—at that time an extra dish of biscuits was enough to mark the evening. We. felt.all the importance of the occasion ; tea spread in the dining-room, ladies in the drawing room ; we roamed about inconveniently, no doubt, and excitedly, and in one of my ex cursions crossing the hall I was surprised to see my father opening the frout door with his hat on. He put his lingers to his lips, walked out into the.darkness, and shut the door quietly him. When I went back to the drawing-room again, the ladies asked me where lie was. I vaguely answered that I thought he was coming back. 1 was puzzled at the time, nor was it all made clear to me till long years afterwards, when one dry Mrs. Proctor asked me if I knew what had hap pened once when my father had invited a party to meet Jane Eyre at his house. It was one of the dullest evenings she had ever spent in her life, she said. And-then with a good deal of humour she described the situ ation, the ladies who had all come expecting so much delightful conversation, and the gloom and the constraint, and how finally overwhelmed by the situation, my father had (jiiietly left the room, left the house, and gone off to his club. The ladies waited, wo.idered, and finally departed also ; and as wo were going up to bed with our candles after everybody was gone, I remember two pretty Miss L.'s. in shiny silk dresses, arriv ing full of expectation. . . . We still said we thought our father would soon be back, but the Miss L.'s declined to wait upon the chance, laughed, and drove away again almost immediately. 