TH® DOCTORS SHOOK THEIEJHEADS. 1 1 would give a million of dollars for a stomach,'said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all that he had for one thing that he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : 1 Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In, December, 1882, whikt living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to' fill up' and my throat would swell so as I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a good deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out at my ears. I became exhausted and short short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. ' I then went as an out- patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for Bix months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Derby Abbey and my former master gave me an in-door recommedation to tbe Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found/however, that all the beds in the hospital were fnll, and I saw my club doctor and two other doctors at Derby. The first one said,' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be awaw for a few days. Things went on like this untill December, 1868, when I cauhgt cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always cuuhging and spitting up phlegm, some-times as much as a teacupf ul at once, and^wo* afraid to go to sleeg for fear hhe phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out in a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. < 1 manage to get up for a few hours at a time, but as so weak I had to take hold of the furniture tow move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but Bkin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear, the least noise, and the children at j>Iay quite up set me. ' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' 1 can do you no good; I can only patch yon up, because your lungs are deseased. 1 then gave over taking bis medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London, that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer^you have merely to prepair for another world.' About the middile of March, 1889. a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Derby Abbey.. soid to me, ' Tom, did gou ever try Mother Seigels and he told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of thiB medicine £ sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Store3 in Victoria Street, After the first dose I had evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. -After taking the medician for three dayB my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go oat for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master who asked what had wrought tha improvement, and I tolp htm, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. 1 Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gap kin reguests us to refer all doubters to him or Mr. Eeetley, Head Gardener, Derby Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged, Mr. Gaskin has lived at Derby Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not gallopiug consumption, certainly (as me of the •doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grav in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, aB all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation, We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskino n his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 