BY MUTUAL CONSENT, NOW F2EST rtTELISHED.] BY F. MARSDEN' SUTCLIFFE. Author of 'The Bells of St. Barnabas,'' The Romance of an Insurance Office,' ' Eerealed by Fire,' ftc, *tc Chapter XHL lrt uenL Oar deeds are cettexs that we targe our- - £od Cent. Ay. truly, Imt I tliink it is the world thai. brings the Iron. In University parlance, Claude Maclean 'sported his oak ' after the departure of las visitors. In plain English, heshut himself up in liis studio and declined himself to other callers that he might norse his wrath, which Claude Maclean had been brought m» with too much Spartan simplicity to endure with patience the emasculated manhood of the fashionable dawdler. The blood of the old Covenanters that ran in his vein rendered him contemptuous of men who by their vices invite popular odium on their order. .He held fast to the old maxim .YoWr'w -£%-?, with the result that for men of the stamp of Sir Regi nald Deuison be felt an instinctive antipathy almost amounting to loathing- The baronetfe request to lie furnished with the address of his model stirred the anger tliat he felt on seeing a man of besmirched reputation enter his studio to a white heat of fnry. Tlie possi bility of Winifred being subjected to the intrusive impertinence of Sir Reginald ]-eni- son added fuel to the Same. In file mood in wliich he found himself after his visitors bad left be would willingly have snatched at any excuse for giving tbe baronet a sonnd thrash ing that would cover liim with bruises and leave every boue in his body eore and aching. He felt himself almost ready for homicide if Sir Reginald chanced to rerurn. ' Catse the fellow's impudence,' lie exclaimed, in his' wratu. ** Hanging is too ?rood for bnman vermin like him. He ought to be cut op into bits/' Then a sudden thought caused him to bound out of his chair. ' What a fool I am uot to have thought of it before,' he cried. 'Lady Polehamptou Mill take him there, of course. What more natural, seeing that Lord Pcleliampton has bought her picture, and has so generously interested himself in her career. That scamp Dcnieon, who is etill as black as tli^v make '«m, will soon know the address be was w keen after.' And seizing his I.atf Clande rushed from the bouse, banciu** the door behind luni in lus tierce impetuosity. The mystery that hung over Winifred's life during those three years concerning which she was so curiously reticent had often occupied Claudes mind ^Jice liie visit to Glen-Crloeh at Christmas, though he was as far from arriving at a satisfactory solution as ever. But h» faith in the purity of her nature did not waver, despite the uncomfortable element of mystery that surrounded her. He never doubted that wliatevcr personal reasons Winifred might have for lu-r silence the iuteresrs, real or imaginary, of some one else occasioned her reserve, and that whenever tlie curtain came to be lifted aud her hidden past disclosed the revelation would bring her unblemished purity into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too nbscivaut a student of human life' to be iinatvare of the manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad reminis CfHecs of the past in the oblivion of tilence. H'* was ttto noWe-mindod to be readily accessible !?- suspicion r^ardin^ any person. It was the working theory of life to take distrust were forthcoming, and when once he gaTc his faith he uavc it. outright. But as he hurried along the streets the ques tion forced itaelf ou his uiituL Was Sir Reginald Deaieaa bouud up iu any with the secret of Winifred's life? Was it possible that the baronet had contrived in some manner to obtain some hold upon her ; Claude recoiled from tlie liare supposition, but he could not thrust from hie mind tbe startled look of ii-Uouisliincut wliich .Sir Reginald betrayed uhcu the curtain was withdrawn from the picture Claude felt that the look was cot nue of fiirpri^l delight in a work of art. Amazement, perplexity, ajul something tliat tsotmed like ruooiiiitioti were imprinted on the Inronbt'ti face ' It \rcis this that troubled Claude. He felt that the ra-*tery that fiurroiiudcd Winifred was t bickenimr, and that tbe shadow of some great trouble, that be was unable to detine, wasgathcriflgmund the path of tho vonuui he lt.vj-1 uith a devotion liutt not hiuii could ou&Qch.; A rapid walk of ten minutes brought him to the street where Winifred lived. He arrived in time to see the carriage containing Lady I'olehamptan and Lady Isabel Icing driven away from the door, whilst Sir Rejji nald followed in the same direction at a leisurely pace. He fretted and famed over the delay that ensued before the one servant that Winifred kept opened the door in answer to his imperative knock. *' Ib Miss West at borne ?' he inquired with breathless agitation ; and without waiting for a reply be poshed past the domestic and made for the studio where be found Winifred look ing pale xnfl limp with her head reclining oa nernaod, boried in thought. The last months of Winifred's life had brought her great happiness. The only tincture of bitterness in her cup was the sense of the hopeless passion for Claude Maclean that had come to her unawares, and the struggle that it entailed to hide it within her ownoreast, and live her life as she must have lived It, if Fate had not brought them to gether. In her devotion to her art she bad found a relief, from the misery of selfintros pection and the ebarper pang of vague desires never to be realised^ and her endurance had been crowned with new strength, enabling her to rise superior to the natural weakness of her sex. With the victory orer self there had come to her a great peace. Bat with the ghosts of the part newly risen from the grave in wliich she had thought them laid for ever, she felt that there was an end to lier tranquifity. The appearance of Sir Reginald Denison had roused all the facilities of her nature into intense exercise. For the first time she realised to the full extent the blight that he had cast upon her life, and the great bliss that might have been hers bat for that accidental meeting in the galleries of the Lonrre years before, with all that followed upon that. She rebelled against the idea that her life was jost what she bad made iL She could not plead with herself that she had been . reluctantly drawn into an unsuitable marriage, but. in some dim way, she felt that Xife had not been jost to her in le&vins; her in. her youthful inexperience and guileless trustful ness at the mercy of the first villian who chanced, in plausible guise, to cross her path. How terribly bitter it was ! How weary of life she had grown in a few short minutes ! But Winifred roused heraelf on hearing Claude's footsteps, and smiled her old sweet smile as she extended her band in greeting. 'lam ao glad to see you, Mr. Maclean,' she said. ' It is nearly a fortnight since you were here ; and I was feeling just now that the eight of a friendly face would be welcome.' ' Yon have had visitors, I suppose,** said Claude, at a loss for an excuse to explain bis agitation, which he thought Winifred could not fail to see. ** Yes ; Lady Polehampton has been here with her brother, and Lady Isabel Child e.' 'I would have given a thousand pounds rather than this should have happened,' said Claude, with ill-soppressed anxiety. ' Unfor tunately that irain Denison saw my * Helen ' and. ijiere was an evil light in his eye as be looked at the picture. I saw by his look that be meant uriscbief. And now he has found the original I am full of all kinds of strange fears.' 4II do not fear Sir Reginald Denison,' replied Winifred with quiet dignity. ' You tip«h^ be trader no apprehension on my account.' ' Winifred,' said Claude, seating himself by her side and taking her hand in his. 'I have been silent coo long I have only re frained from speaking lest my words should pain you. Look at me, Winifred, and tell me that you love me. I have loved you ever was. I lay uuconcious and delirious in the hospital yonder, and it seems to me now that in my nnoonsck- as state 1 had dreams of the angelfi — of you my own pure bright angel, most of alL When first I came to myself your beautiful facp hovered near me, and this band that I am boldhwt now soothed my fevered brow in my weakness and pain. You have brought me back to life. I owe everything . to yon. My whole heart is yours. All my hope of happiness is in your hands to fulfil or co destroy. Give me the right to protect yon. Say* that you love inc, if only a little. Say that you will lie my wife.' And he drew the unresisting form of Winifred closer to him until her head lay pillowed on his breast, whilst he kissed her again and again. For one brief moment Winifred dared to \te nappy and to believe that the bliss she had dreamed of and thrust iiway froo» her might lie in store for her ; bat the next moment her vanished strength had returned to her and she disengaged berself from Claude's embrace and looked him sorrowfully in the face. ''Oh, Claude, forgive me V' she cried. (* I ought to have stopped you. I ouirht not to have listened to you. But my love for yon has made roe very weak. What you hope ft»r can never be.n ** What do you mean f' cried Claude. ' Do yon not love me I' 'Have I not said soV replied Winifred mournfully, and then flinging herself into hits arms she exclaimed, 'Claude, Claude, ray heart is breaking, I do love you with my whole heart and soul, but I cannot be your wife. Say you forgive me.' ' Capitally acted Lady Denison ! I said the last time we met that yea would make a first rate actress.' Sir Reginald by judicious briliery and a little cajolery had persuaded the maid to allow him to find his way to the studio nnaunoimced, where he had arrived iu rime to hear Winifred confess her love for his rival- An their faces were turned from the door tliey hail not seen him enter, but on hearing his voice they rose from the coach on which they were sitting and confronted him. Claude stood for a moment contemplating Sir Reginald with heaving breast and dilating nostrils, and then made as though he wonld spring upon him, when a quick movement from Winifred arrested him. 'Do not touch him, Claude. You shall not soil your hands. Kaw, go— for my sake — go ! Do not be afraid for me,1' she added, drawing heraelf up 'prondlv. 'I do not fear this mau. Go at ] once, Claude, and leave me to deal with this liar—this coward— this common gambler and cheat T 'Igoat your wish,' said Claude, 'bat I recall nothing of what I have said, I leave behind me the eutire trust of my whole heart. ™ And Parting a fiery look of hatred at the baronet he yielded to Winifred's request. Bat though he quitted the stndio he went no further than the drawing-room. He determined that he would remain within call lest violence should be attempted on tfie woman he loved. There was one ray of light shining through the darkness that overwhelmed Claude's spirit. He knew the worst ; he knew that the woman he loved was the wife of Sir Reginald Veni son. But the discovery did not alienate her from him. Henceforth, he vowed, his lips mnat be sealed npon the passion thai he cherished for Winifred. But he felt that more than before she required to be shielded by the deep unutterable affection that he bore for her from the tyranny of a viUiau ; and as he thought of the terrible power that the English law gives to a bad husband over bis wife, Claude trembled for Winifred's future. ( To bt continued.) 