I Table Tal^ I Him: arc many confusing elements In tho elections iv taking place in Now South "Wales. Freetraders, ,'!o (axcrs, protectionists, i'edovntionlsts and non Ivwtiuiiisisnm all mixed up well together, while the |Uir I'mtv is nn important factor in. tho whole, liticiaiis who have boon wont to stand sit16 by side and >: Jumlilur loshoulder, now lind thomsolvcs separated lou opposite sides, Many mon, but ail striving' at ■:iiiw s,'o;il to secure a soat in tho l-iogtslaturo on tho | tonus, and with tbo honour and glory—'tho cuiiium of .CIK'O a year. This, Parliament will con "fill members, four now members having boon "1 miller tho expansive clauses of tho JQlcctornl jNi:u'Smtdi W'ulus is about tho only ■ country on tho ii'vof llu; rui'lh wliioh still rotalns the old hustings i+M nt I'limUons. On Monday tho dograding •wtsu'lu was witnessed In tho Siydnoy oloctoratos of. fmiidiit's having to stand' up bol'ora it howling'1 mob, J"lt« lie publluly nominatod, It 'is a grievous i'aroo, tlw sooner it. Is ddno away with tho bettor, ft g<lod purpose, and, bosldos boing annoying to !im]ofity ul! candidates, is also dungarouH to lifo. |lw liug.; propoi't iott of those who - attovuV' thoso nond«( fctlww, umi bold up (if6lr hands, probably liavo no I'tidii tluit particular constltnoney, or civon at all. I'UN'us liuvo oomo to a, protty pass in /^ydnoy, '« Imml of howling rulllans oau Intoi'l!oro.with |l 1 WK'r,.v °f h'eo spuooh, jij Yory Minister ^vho. sought fodihtos ii metropolitan , or suburban ■■ mooting was T'dwl iluwu and prevented from speaking- u .word. I1, M Mllhiu, the Colonial Troasuror, who has" 4.run l^'l lilmseK pnrtioulurly obnoxious , toj tho. labour, r'} t',rou^1 iho aotivo stops.ho took.to maintain, iiiui order, was made a dead sot at, aiul lvls moot H'uu c"»vortod into a' sort oil' paudomonium I 11 fvllulile o(! spoooh roaohad...tlio i audi I ' 11 "'Pro ,11 ko .. .raying . maniaop., •,fowled,, l£-. "hook their, lists, and' lltorally shvlokod,. I ^ anufchorus snatohos . of1 popular songs, .and-. t0 v«vtao it babol.pl!, Hormd through whbli j ' 'voioo opuhlenpb bp, hoard,: '/Mr, U"or, the rostmastor-Qonortvl, who was dofcatod Inst Wednesday, fared still worse when ho essayed to speak ; ho was polfcod with oggs and Hour balls, and as tho missiles wore well aimed tho " Gonial Dan" presented a sort of premature pudding appearance, but notwithstanding this dastardly treat ment lie still came up smiling. He howuvor could not stem tho Horco tido of rullianisni to bp found in West Sydney, and had to retire.. Then further injury was 'added to tho insults in the shape of road metal. It was high tlmo indeed to form a Free Speech Defence League, and a body of stalwart loaguors soon managed to purge somo of tho meetings of tho organised black ,guards, anil, secured a hearing for tho oandidatcs. it was . quite as woll that tho brlofost time was allowed for tho oloctions. Mil, Higgs, who complained of boing otic red ,C50 by the Dlbbs party to rotlro from tho contest, is an individual with n sort of far away dreamy oxprossiou of counte naiico, who appears to bo always peoring into vaoanoy, Ho is an anarchist, or socialist, and screams his littlo sorooohiu tho Domain ovory Sunday. Ho is a com positor by trade, and is manngor.ol! tho Workman, tho labor organ. Fancy ondoavouring to nobble an individual of this typo with paltry lucre, and what a lot of righteous indignation was expended over tho affair, It-was .quito touching' to Glials of such purity and. such simplicity, ' ' , i AooitnESUONDBNa'. wrltos :—"I cannot qxdtoagroo; with your artielo in lilbt, wook's ■-Taulm TaTjK va ills-, tress in Sydnoy. I, havo lately had some opportunity of judging in this matter,: "and, I think I may safely say'tliat.thore :1s not *80 much distress this wiutov.ua i»> jisually to'.'bo found at this period- of tho yoar, and if mou worked as thoy. should work; It would- bumuuh loss/iayd bottor/wagos Avonld/bo oarnod, 'but thoro is too .much,; 'boor and skittlos;' amongst, the working; classes;, ;You .will ilml thatvtho.u'ovouua.-returns;of. Now, South Wales. oomparb yory favorably with -those pll.otlior colonies, aiul especially the railway returns, Fuobs uru stvibbarii tilings,!! Humi-Oarl Flnaohoiiy tho Consul for iAusbrlii In Mol il3ourno,-hns rooonbly given proof of bruo gonblmanly, houopr, Ha.vyns Inyibod bo an oilloial dinner at Govern monb Houso, bub forgot to attond, Lord Hopotoum who hacl noticed Herr Pinohoff'a. abaoQnoe,concludod that sudden and serious illness was the cnuso, and very con siderately sont a messenger to enquire after tho'Gonsul's health. Of courso it was a very awkward position for Herr Pinschoff, but instoad of pleading illness, ho went to Government House and statod the real cause for having absontod himself from the dinner and apolo gised. It is needless to say that Lord Ilopetoun appreciated Herr Pinschoif's Vionnose frankness, * m m Did anyone over soo in print tho story of the donor of tho hamlsomu rovodos in St. Paul's Cathedral and the Bishop of Melbourne? Tho original design in Venetian Mosaics contained a representation of tho Nativity, showing tho Virgin Mary and Child. His lordship, scanning tho sketch, took oxcoption, and " thought it they could liavo tho plcturo without tho -■Madonna, it might pass," and this is why thoro is no Nativity In tho rorodos. Tho donor, at an exponso of some ,b 2,000, prosontod this inagnlflcont Mosaic to tho Cathodral, and yet ho could not havo it all his own way, and his suggestions woro iloutcd, * * * , Tina church of All Saints', St, Kilda,-lms latoly boon onriched with a now side cluipol, tho rosult of tho energetic labors of tho Itov. Charles Vaughan, now at |A11 Saints', Hobart, but who is oxpootod back in Mol bouruo noxt wools. Mr,- Vaughan, though much holovod. by thu pooplo amongst whom ho works, is not a jwmma grata to tho Bishop. How could ho bo, largo-hoar tod and brilliant as ho is ? So, doubtless, wo may soon hoar of his taking to that refuge of tho boy cotted clerical—the Press. In the moantlmo, tho yonorablo"incumbont of All Saints', St. Kilda, with voice unimpaired by increasing infirmities,, has do clarod his intontion of staying on to tho bitter end, and All Saints' Parish is unfortunato in having two clorgymon whoso spousos And frosh holds and pastures now.as soon'as thoir earning halvos got sottlod down sjonvforl.ably to work. * # * ■ Pi1 is not gonorally known that tho Bov, 38, H. ^ugdon,,, tho popular and accomplished Master of Quopn's, Collogo, Melbourne. TJnIvors!ty, is a skilful thqught-roador. ',Tho- Mastor raroly praotisos his gift, as it. ", takes it out of him" . t considerably, and it inquires all his tact and ouoigy to koop the' young Wosloyan divinity studonts in ordor, How strangely it read in the papers the other morning that the Venerable Archdeacon Cooper had been at a meeting at Hamilton, while the reverend gentleman had-not yet arrived in the colony from his European tour. He returns with Mrs. Cooper (nod Holfchouse. nl! 1'aliarat) much refreshed in mind, body and estate, by-his recent visit to the old land, after ah jibseiie i of some fifteen years. What has Dr. Sarulford—erstwhile bishop of: Tns riiania—done with his grave ? During his live years of residence in that Cnpri of the Son thorn Hemisphere, the generally gonial .bishop bought an allotment of land-in the church yard of an inland conn try church yard, ia which lie desired all that was mortal of him ■ should some day rest; Has the 'Bishop mortgaged this 'allotment, or doos he still pine (for the rest- and pence of mind which England, home and beauty, have failed to give-him, for I hear that ho still " sees ghosts" in that'liohlon rectory, as ho saw them of yore in the Tasmania1.! hush. Tun 11 uv. W. A. Brooke, M.A., of Port Melbourne, is slowly recovering from a long illnoss of somo months' duration, Mr. broolcc has boon.many years at Port Melbourne, and it would bo a graceful thing if his parishioners made the way smooth for him to obtain a mueh-ueoded nnd thorough change, which would no doubt rehabilitate and enable him to spend further years of usofulnoss amongst those whose interest ho has so much at heart. Thk Dev. Albert A, Mnclaron hns no reason to be ungrateful for his sojourn in Melbourne. Tire guest of a'- wealthy refined resident of Balaclava! the hero worshipped of many marriageable maidens of South Ynrra, Tooralc and St. Kildu ; the recipient of hand some offerings from the dovont fair in rospoct of cash, slippers and complimonts, this gifted, cleric leaves our shoros to-day for tlioso of Hew Guinea, the scene of his future labor's, from wlrorrco ho will doubtless retrrrar somo day, if rrot oaterr by the guileless converts, to bo consecrated the first Bishop of tiro tortoise shaped island of Papua, by the way, who is tho interesting fair one who, regardless of .consequences and the comments of less energetic sisters, has resolrrloly followed the future cpiscopus In his wander ings from pulpit to pulpit of thu various Melbourne churches, oit-y nnd suburban ? If ho wont-to Eltviroy—. she was there I Likewise at St. Kilcla I Moreover at Sovrth Yarra, her interesting form loomed in a front pow—sadly molnuuliolie, while tho so much sought for parson must have said with tho Psalmist, " If I go into tho utfornrost pnrls of 'tho eart h thou art I hero," Slro may ho watttug:for' him lit Now Guinea oven now. Mti. Henry John King, organist, of St. Mark's, Fit?}, j'oy, has boon nurolr oompltmautod' by dho English Press upon Ids really splendid sorvioo lately published' by .Noyollo and Company. Mr. King has boon ro ■ epiefitod to write a servieo to order by anothor largo publislving firm in London. " A prophotis not without 'hoi tour, save in his own country,"- Horo, in Mqlbburuo, the; critics snarl at; Mr, King; becauso lie is too .clover; . for them,/ It is evidently a groat mistake to bo really clover Homotlmos,-though you niay assumo awirtue if. ' ynu''have it not, and the assumption' will carry you through, ..Tho musical service as rouderod by'.Mr. King at-St, Mark's is one ol! tho most, If not tho'impst corroot , in, -Melbourne, as many visitors'find > out who gmvltato ■ tlioro fresh front England, tho home of oorroot musi oal services.'■ : Gounod, no moan eritio, says that .the sorvioo as rondorod at fit. Paul's Cathedral, London, is without uxuupt ion tlio finest in thu world; . ■ <i. ; ,T suns' flint'Mrs. Hutchinson,data ol! Auckland; who is engaged, 'in •"Salvation Army rescue' work itr Mel-' bourna', roaontly had a inosb painful'oaso -to deal with,' The wife of :tho tiaptalh'ol! a vory largo stoamor in' the Now Eonlaud"triulo liail fallon a victim to tlio' drink habit, and'was Involving hor fainjly in (Hsgraoo/inolud ing a daughter who was married to a hank malinger. To 1r,v and effect n cure, the unfortunate lady was pi need in a private establishment for treatment, but the treatment was. it is alleged, so harsh that she (led, and was friendless ami homeless. "While in this plight she fell under the influence of Mrs. Hutchinson, who got her to enter one of the Army Hrimes. There the unfortunate lady was treated by the charity oi; the Salvationists, though, her friends arc well able to afford to look after her. • Tjie two'oldest daughters of Mr. Thomas .Hell, the Sunday-Island settlor, are splendid specimens of their .sex. The older one is over six feet, and.has a splendid figure. Like liev sister, she never wore stays, shoes or stockings till she.arrived in Now Zealand, and then they crippled her. Her outfit on the island consists-of a Crimean shirt, a robe of grey calico fastened round the waist with a belt, and a hat mado by herself from the cabbage tree. Thus attired, she climbs to the top of the orator hoar the beach ; milks the goats of a morning, and, can in hand, descends down, a precipice seventy feet in height, her toes grasping the jutting fragments on either side of a Assure. Then, the bottom reached, ishe watches her opportunity to glido from rock to rook hot woo 11 the waves. Somctimos in rough woathor a wave would overtake her in spite of heir vigilance and carry her out, but sho would swim back like n mermaid, preserving can and milk in safety. A OOlinRSPOX.'DKNT sonds mo tho following, being an extract from the London Globo of 28th April last : — " Of sragldng ooncorts in tho legal world, tho cry is still thoy come. The members of the Bar Musical Society announce that they will sing and smoke in the Drillroom, Lincoln's Inn, on Friday, May S, and tho Devil's Own have arrangod a similar programrao for the following Thursday. At present these gentlemen •have not been dignified by tho presonce of judges. Surely it would be well worth the while of the authori ties to induce Mr, Justioe Ohitty and Mr, Justice Homer to .attend. Both their lordships smolco with enthusiasm, and one plays the violin and tho other sings. Now, why should not the Melbourne solicitors follow the example of their London brethren, and in augurate a smoke night by way of experiment. Such a meeting might be graood by the presence of one or. other of our judges. Tho law clerks have , just held one of their quarterly smoke nights, which was, as usual, a most onjoyablo affair.—W.H." I ah asked to say Hint thova is n good open ing for a single mnu to start, a,grammar school at Ooln'c, also at Bolfast. A good, high-class toucher would do woll in,either place, if ho would livo well within his imoans.during tho first yoar. - Mn. William Thwaitos, who has just -boon ."'chosen. Chief Engineer to the Metropolitan Board of "Works, out of '18.applicants,.with a salary o£ iG2000 a yoar, is only 88 years of age, He was born in Molbourno in 1858, and wes oduoatod at tho Modol•■■■School,-whonoo ho prooooiod to the Melbourne■ University, and thoro, bosldos othtr honours,-obtained exhibitions in Mathe matics, Natural Soienoo and Engineering ; also scholar ships in Natural Soicsnoo and engineering, On leaving tho Molbourno University ho sorvod in tho "Victorian Railway Department for two and a-half years, and then prooooded to South Australia, wluiro ho hold tho appointment of Assistant Enginoor Surveyor in the Railway Department for two yoars, From 1870 till tjho prosont time ho oaoupiod various offloos in tho Victorian Public Works Department, and has just vacated the position of Hnyinoor.in.Ohiof of :tho-Mel bourne Water Supply, Dopavtraont, Of oourso tho Austral! n Natives' Association is vory proud of Miv i'hwaitos, who, hoaidos being a distinguished. Civil Engineer, is also a Master of Arts, . hoswiot^. 