B ALLARAT {FEOat OUR ovm CORBESPONDENT) . Fndar. j The trouble between the master jmntcrs and their employes on the question of fixing the minimum rate of wage at Ss 4<1 per day of eight hours culminated this morning, when the hands engaged at about half-a-dozen establishments struck work. About CO pointers are thus idle. Business is very brisk just now, and it is the intention of the men to form a sort of co-opera tive society and undertake contracts on their, own account. It Is thought that the strike will not be of long duration, but that the masters will concede the demands of the men. The L-'tl Lul Falls Turf Club held its annual meeting to-day, when the balance-sheet showed ; tluit it was in a prosperous financial condition. A pro- gramme was drawn up, comprising serin events, with £200 in prize trnoncy, to be run on 2Tew Yearis Day. The Horticultural Society's show is now < and is being well attended. The display of flowers and vegetables is au excellent one, "and includes several novelties. £By Tfttquath j ^ Sunday ^Night The Itev. Patrick Brmnan, one of the teachers at tlie Holy Ghost College, died yesterday morning. The deceased, who was only *31 years old, was very successful as a teacher, and was beloved by all his pupils. Six mouths ago he took a trip to Sydney for the benefit of his health. There is very little fresh, in connection with the 2»ainters' dfcqmte. One of the employers who signed an agreement not to accede to* the : request of the unions for a minimum wage of | Ss 4d 2>er day, stated ou Saturday that he would j in future observe the union rules. A number ; of sympathisers witli the union, who have jobs required to be done before Cliristmas, have 2>luccd thein in the hands of the Executive committee of the Painters' Union to he under taken. In one case the contractor for a building finding that the }>amters were not working sent to a firm asking if they had any men. The firm replied that their men were on strike, but they would have some men from Melbourne hi the course of a few days. The bricklayers engaged ou the building at once notified that if these men put in an appearance at the job they would refuse to continue work. The result will be that a unionist firm will get the work. 