Siftings, Local eye Otliorwise. Our Royaran fourth in a field of nine in the Selling Race at the S. A. Tattersalls races last month. Dr. Stirling^gicting as Register correspondent, has run foul of the Hon. J. L. Parsons by making condemnatory references to the I Jasper station. and quarantine, grounds. Our senior member inserts a letter just under the doctor's epistle denying in toto the accusations made by the Professor, and he takes some trouble to work up his case. Straight shot and Joker will most,] likely he amongst the starters at Pine Creek races. The settlers along the railway line are just now blessed with an abundance of cheap but excellent beef. * At Pine Creek the Chinese butcher reduced the price to 3d per lb, fair to this Messrs. Armstrong & Lawrie replied by going one better and offering it at 2d. The old firm is strong, but the Chinese will live on if they can obtain the necessary cattle for slaughtering. On the up trip from Pine Creek the guard's van generally bears a close resemblance to a butcher's shop from the many parcels of meat deposited therein for conveyance to customers along the line. Mr. and Mrs. Holtze were passengers for Adelaide ex ss. Guthrie, The rams intended for Goldsborough, Mort and Company did not arrive by the Tsinan last week, but are expected to come in the next of the China boats. The charge against Trooper Wilt- shire seems to be that he ordered two black trackers to go out and kill a native who had rendered himself Oh n anxious, and they followed out the instructions to the letter. He appears to be in a tight fix. It is doubtful if after his terribly poor display at the Katherine the racer No Name will ever race again. Value of gold exported per s.s. Cuthrie-M,2$0. Nine bales of tobacco, equal to 17 h cwts formed portion of last week's export of staple products. This weed strong Mr. Otto Brandt's plantation at Shoal Bay and Rum Jungle. The 2 tons 5 cwt of tin sent away ex s.s. Guthrie is the produce of the Gladstone claim on the Cosmopolitan line, let on tribute to F. Dewar. Mr. J. V. Parkes, Inspector of Mines, started inland by last Friday's, train. The ss. Airlie was- due yesterday, but up to a late hour she had not arrived. Mr. Searcy is on board. An interested party informs us that the Leigh's Creek bore has pierced a seam of excellent black coal 15ft in. thickness. Our telegrams say nothing about it, but we hope the news is correct. There are gentle whisperings of an opposition butcher for Palmerston-a squatter who brought a mob of cattle over from west and cannot sell them alive at his own price. The western steamer Rob Roy was expected to arrive- he yesterday. Mr. Ord the new manager of the Port Darwin Tin Mine, has gone south again. Wonder what he will say when he gets down. The last manager condemned all that the one ahead of him had done. The Catterthun is to leave Adelaide about the 10th. The Chinese at the. Woolwonga claim are just now getting some grand stone, specimens of which show great bunches of coarse gold. 11 wickets for 32 runs is Australian Ferris's first record for an English Club, and a remarkably good one it is, too. i Palmerston is to be the San Francisco of Australia. So says Sir J. Bevan Edwards, K.C.M.G., C.B., Major-General. When this reaches Thursday Island we expect the whole population, white, black, bronze and yellow to turn green with jealousy. The s.s. Adelaide should arrive any moment from the Macarthur River. The appointment of Corporal Waters as Crown Prosecutor mode with a view to economy. That' sounds as if the Corporal in to get nothing for his services. Or is it only meant as a hint to the legal gentlemen to drop their rates a trifle. Ty very as a corpse old Barnum is doing this show business. Someone has attempted to steal his body, but we; reckon when the whole facts are known it will be found that he fixed up the details of this scheme himself before he gave up the ghost. in the way of novelty the latest importation to Palmerston is a couple of trotting sulkies. The "divine" Sara Bernhardt is meeting enthusiastic" audiences at Melbourne. So will John L. Sullivan when he comes along. Mr. T. O'Connor is again an inmate, of the Hospital. A man named French fa ship's cattle, drover) was arrested on May 2nd at New York on a charge of murdering and mutilating a woman act of the style of the" notorious Jack the Ripper. The New York port we are a sanguine that if the. indi victuals they have a arrested they have, secure of the mysterious perpetrator of all the hor- ' rails atrocities which have at different times startled the world., .,, t i Two famous pictures'' The Crisis, ' j and ''The 2*4ir*-ii.~,"-have just been purchased for the Victorian Art', Gallery at a cotton t 200 each, "j 1 ~ " '" ' ' ' ' ? i I -a recent census returns give the i j over nppro\it.iiate population of the ' IhrHeKdjjfcUHV*"* -óf3tH. 1 ^ ' . . . I j Land JvWf.»;d Sholto Douglas third . I son of the seventh Marquis of Queens berry, committed suicide on the 5th ' inst- He was awarded three years ago, and was only 36 years of age?; i I I 