POETRY. THE MOTHER. BY WILLIAM WILFRED CAMPBELL. It was April, blossoming spring. They buried me wlien the birds did sing; Eartli, in clammy wedging earth. They banked my bed with a black, damp girth. Under the damp and under the mould, I kenned my breasts were clammy and cold. Out from the red beams, slanting and bright, I kenned my cheeks were sunken and white. I was a dream, and the world was a dream, And yet I kenned all things that seem. I was a dream, and the world was a dream, But you cannot bury a red sunbeam. For though in the under-grave's doom-night I lay all silent and stark and white, Tot over my bead I seemed to know The murmurous moods of wind and snow. The snows that wasted, the winds tbat blew, The rays that slanted, the clouds that drew The water ghosts up from lakes below. And the little flower-souls in earth that grow. Under earth, in the grave's stark night, I felt the stars' and the moon's pale tight. I felt the winds of ocean and land That whispered the blossoms soft and bland. Though they had buried me dark and low My soul with the season's seemed to grow. n. I was a bride in my sickness sore, I was a bride nine inonthB and more. From throes of pain they buried me low, For death bad finished a mother's woe. But under the sod, in the grave's dread doom, 1 dreamed of my baby in glimmer and gloom. I dreamed of my babe, and 1 kenned that his rest Was broken in wailings on my dead breast. I dreamed that a roseleaf hand did cling— Oh, you cannot bury a mother in spring. When the winds are soft and the blossoms are red She could not sleep in her void earth bed. I dreamed of my babe for a day and a night, And then I rose in my graveelotlies white. I rose like a flower from my damp earth bed To the world of sorrowing overhead. Men would have called me a thing of harm, Bnt dreams of my babe made me rosy and warm. I felt my breasts swell under my shroud; No stars shone white, no winds were loud; But I stole me past the graveyard wall. For the voice of mytbaby seemed to call; Hush, baby, hush! for mother is come. I passed the streets to my husband's home; The chamber stairs in a dream I clomb; I beard the sound of each sleeper's breath, Light waves tbat break on the shores of death. I listened a space at my chamber door, Then stole like a moon ray over its floor. My babe was asleep on a stranger's ami. " Oh baby, my baby, tlie grave is so warm, Though dark and so deep, for mother is there! O come with me from the pain and care! 0 come with me from tlie anguish of earth, Where the bed is banked with a blossoming girth, Whore the pillow is soft and tlie rest is long, And mother will croon you a slumber song. A slumber song tbat w ill charm your eyes To asleep that never in earth song lies. The loves of earth your behig can spare, But never the grave, for mother is there." 1 nestled him soft to my throbbing breast, And stole me back to my long long rest. And here I lie with him under the stars. Dead to earth, its peace and its wars; Dead In its hates, its hopes, and its harms, So long as lie cradles up soft in luy arms. Andbeavcn may open its sbiuimoring doore, And saints make music on pearly floors, And hell may yawn to its infinite sea, But they never can tahe my baby from me. For so much a pari of my soul lie hatli grown That. God doth know of it high on His throne. And here I lie with him under tlie flowers That sun-winds rock through the billowy hours, With tlie night aire that steal from tlie murmuring sea, Bringing sweet peace to my baby and me. -Harper* 