« THE RED MAN:' w The recentcensus, now approaching comple tion, : — Says the San Francisco correspondent of the S. A. Chronicle, shows the total num ber of Indians in California to be 15,283. Of these there are living on reservations 2,522 males, an£ 2,498 females, in au, 0,020, giving "on: 'reservations, 5,380 males and '4,883 females— in all 10,263. No other state or territory has half as many living off reservations, which shows that the Indians of California are in a most satisfactory selfsas- taining condition. Our Indians are of the dig ger type, the most peaceable and amiable of all redskins, north or south. They are not blood thirsty and treacherous like the Apaches of Arizona, or the Comanches of Texas, or even as untrustworthy as the Chinooka of Oregon and British Columbia. If tbey are allowed to gath er their pinons, or pine nuts, and their grass hoppers in peace, to spear the gravid salmon and alert trout, from the streams, take the deer from the mountain side, the quail from the brake for their dally food they- -will harm nobody, they will be always the white man's friend. But, unfortunately, some of the white men — especially those from the " old west," where they have been in the habit of meeting a different kind of Indian— will not allow the poor Digger to, be friendly with them. They accept an Indian to be the" same, all over the contient — a house burning, tomahawking, scalp- lifting savage— and will only look at him over the sight of a rifle. This lack of discrimination has'led to no end -of trouble. When yon ask a white immigrant from Missouri, for example, boasting of the exploit, why he shot the Digger who was perhaps unconscious of his presence, the reply will generally be, " O, only to see him jump !" ; Ib it any wonder that the Indians of California, rendered desperate by-: such treat ment, make reprisals of the most fearful kind when opportunity offers ? By the way Super intendent Porter, who has managed this census business, made a very thorough exploitation of the different Indian tribes. He employed six well-known artists, who went among the red men equipped with complete photographic out fits, and he took more than 800 portraits of chiefs and views of tepees for wickiups, dances (" ghost" and other), and of all the phases of their savage life. Among them is the last por trait of Sitting Bull the war'chief of the Sioux, taken just before his death. These pictures will be placed in the archives of the Govern ment, and many of them will be produced in the volume to be prepared by the Bureau on the Indians. 