AMUSEMENTS. ? THEATRK ROYAL. 'THE JOMOUnXE,' The friends of the young colonial dramatise, Mr. Guy Boothby, rallied round him to some purpose on Friday night, when his new and most ambitious work, the drama of 'The Jonguille,' founded upon incidents connected with the' French Reign of Terror, was per formed at the Theatre Royal to a full noute. It was in one sense a great triumph for him, and will give him a certain amount of prestige when he goes home, as he intends to do shortly, to seek the favour of that autocra^ the London stage manager, wbo will view his production in the cold light of business, not tinted by kindly consideration. We feel more than ordinary satisfaction at having reason for «v-rpw'»rniipcr Mr. Boothby's work, because on more than one eoca rion we have felt constrained . to damn his dramatio productions with faint praise, and even to altogether condemn in unmeasured term*. Like many young authors trying their prentice hand at play writing, Mr. Boothby has attempted too much. In 'Toe JonquUle' he has, we understand, had the valuable assistance of Mr. Kyrle Bellow, who is quite au fait with stage business, and is familiar with dramatio construction. The plot of 'The Jonquille' is well connected, not overdrawn, and although hardly original it is worked into an emotional story with sufficient skill to make it attractive if not thrilling; it might be made thrilling by spirited ? skilful acton.. In Act-X we are introduced to the drowsy and tiny hamlet of Bercieu de Dieu with its wealth of orchards, and we find Dame Valdor spinning while she muses over the disappoint ment of her 'only son Camilla, who is a strong young man .with a vague mystery, the basis of wbidr is-' his unaccountable resemblance to Rene,' the rich young Marquis Chateauroy. These two.young men nave grown up together '* as mankind must,' to use the author's words, and resemble each other in form and feature, face and limb,' like the twins in the old song. . Both strive for the hand of Margot, the widow of the Valdor's turkey -herd. The author tells ns that in 'all fairness they wooed the maid,' but it appears that she, womanlike, prefers the nobler born, who goes off to Parts with a pledge to wed her on his return. Meanwhile CamiUe, who, by-the-way, is a' blacksmith, is suffering from a paradoxical ailment— a broken heart, and lives on with the fracture wide open. He hears that Chateau roy, .beguiled by the seductions abounding in 'Paris the beautiful, Paris the strong,' has slackened in his allegiance to the turkey-herd's maid-widow, who, with a sense of duty highly commendable, still continues to drive her turkeys d la Mascotte up the hillside. The despondent lover with the name so intimately associated with Sarah Earnhardt nourishes a hatred of his rival, and instead of taking the law into his own hands calls upon the powers above to annihilate hi* rival — the usual selfishness of man, who thinks his own affairs concern high Heaven most. While he. is giving vent to his feelings there is a noise at the door, and a starved, ragged fugitive borste in, and falling before Camilla legs to be bidden from ' tho nail hounds of the King who pursue me o'er the valley. Hide me or never dare to think of liberty again.' Soldiers nde up, and demand the fugitive in the King's name. CamiUe tells a noble lie, and the military clatter off. The fugitive looks in Camille's face and sees the resemblance to the 'accursed Chateauroy, ' whereupon 3amflle tells his dismal story. Then the fugitive draws from bis tattered clothes a long thin glittering knife, and with a spring stabs it in the table, with the melodramatic an nouncement that ' in the shimmer of the stool lies death to Chateauroy.' He proceeds to inform Camilla that he (Mathias Sonterre) had seen bis sweetheart stolen from him by Arroand Chateauroy, the father of the man Camilla was in such a fury about, and for twenty years he had been unresting and unre lenting in his scheme for vennanoe, in spite of the discipline of the Bastille, At 'the ghost, hour of the night' he intended to meet ?tene Chateauroy, and side by side the brothers in hate decide upon a dual syndicate to run a vendetta. In the course of the first act it transpires that the widow Valdor is the very woman, who has been the victim of; the elder Ohateanroy. This is the list indication of dramatio force in the play. Jainille, of course, is the son of the Marquis. -The widow discovers the identify of Mathias Sonterre with her former betrayed lover, and swoons. Shortly afterwards it is announced that the great Marquis of Chateauroy, accom panied by the Chevalier De Beaubarnois, a notorious profligate, is approaching the village, and is about to be married to Mademoiselle D'ArUroy. The travellers stop at the cot tage, and the Marquis after a time recog nises the sweetheart of the olden days in a half-sarcastic fashion habitual to him, and she upbraids bun. At last after a dramatio inter view Chateauroy offers her compensation, which she indignantly spurns. Then follows another strong scene with Sontene, who in a renxy of rage at the revelation she makes— he ns not recognised her before— tells her that her punishment shall be that her son shall wreak his vengeance on his brother's head. Poor' Margot has seen a good deal of this, and goes forth wretched. Three yean pass, and in Act IL we find tfargot the turkey-herd, metamorphosed into 'The Jonquille,'' the famous actress, with a confidential servant named Favette. Camilla us been unheard of since he left in search of Margot. We hear that Chateauroy has become infatuated with 'The Jonquillo,' and some complications arise out of lealousy of the Vicomte De Rosny, which results in a duel which Jonquille stops before the fatal pass. In the course of events it turns out that Chateau roy is ruined, and Jonquille sosretiy purchases his estate for reasons of her own. Then comes a ruing of the populace, and the revolution threatens the lives of Chateauroy and all the nobles. Into Jonquille's mansion staggers Camilla ragsed and starving, even as Sonterre did to the Valdor's house years ago. He has betrayed Chateauroy, and tells Jon quille so. She, in agony, reveals that Camflle is her foster brother. He recognises her as Marpot, but she casts him off, and tho mob having thrown down the gates— pours in. In the third act the Reign ot Terror n in full swing: Chateauroy has escaped tho fury of the mob, but Sonterre, like a sleuth bound, is in foil pursuit Jonquille is inGhateauroy expecting theragitive Marquis. Sonterre comes with his ruffianly mob and threatens to execute theactressif Cha teauroy is not surrendered. The old Chevalier 'DeBeauharnois has been captured, and, cooland fnical, comes' forward to confront his enemy, e dies as becomes a grand old noble of Franco, calm, polite, and cynical to the last Sonterre wants Chateauroy and threatens Jonquine and Favette with death. Jonquille roasts bis threats, and fired by his love passion be seises her, but Chateauroy, broken and miserable, crawls to his old home to die. JonquiUo recognises him, and assum ing' all her dramatic skill, plies Sonterre with wine; but Cbateauroy, who has been parsed through a secret door, is discovered, and with Favette condemned to die. In Act IIL we have before us the Chateau Chapel, with the 'tombs of the Chateauroys of tho past* A scaffold ia being erected ; Chateau toy is to die, but Favette is released. JonquUle is to die with her lover, who in a brief conversation reproaches himself for his treatment of her and tho wrongs done. .CamiHe, disguised as a priest, enters in his repentance for evil wrought, and out of bis great love for Margot schemes to die in Chateauroy's place and free the two. There is a generous straggle between the heroic souls, and finally Chateauroy changing dresses with CamiUe goes forth free, unconscious of the immensity of the sacrifice made on his behalf. Klargot reveals to Camflle the deception she has neen nobly guilty of, and tells him that her assurance to him that she was not included in the death warrant, and which induced htm to connive at the escape of Chateauroy, was not true. In a touching sceno she dies of an over strained heart, and Camillo completes his sacrifice. There are several strong situations, which in the hands of a well balanced company of experienced professionals could be made very effective, lor instance, the sensational entrance of the fugitive Mathias Sonterre, and the interview in which -the startling revelations are made upon which the plot' hinges; the subsequent arrival of Chateau Roy at the widow's cottage, the scene where the Uatt, 'cynical old Chevalier Beauhamots lolls in his chair, a cold-hearted witness of a wronged woman's frenzy as she upbraids her false lover, Chateau Roy ; and scenes in which Margot her self nlaya a prominent part, first as a trusting, 'unsophisticated, country-bom maid, and sub sequently as a woman of the world with a denned mission ; butthewarmestoolouringisto be found in tho distinct develomnent of tho plot where the revolutionary mob cry havoc and assail the aristocrats. Hero there is scope for powerful acting on the part of tho prin cipals, with energetic support from the subor dinates. The Reign of Terror is rich in stories of cynical indifference to death and haughty contempt of the canmltc, and Mr. Boothby: has introduced very effectively a type of the old nobility in the Chevalier de Beauhamots, who goes, like another Csesar de Buan, to his fate with a soldierly air, a smile, and a jest Another effective scene is that in which the unrelenting Sonterre, laughing wickedly, receives and taunts his victims; while in the last act there are two or three oppor tunities for skilful stagecraft in the interview between Margot and ner lover— h« compact with Camillo. and his sacrifice. Emotional acting finds a footing there. We think the language in which the argument is couched might nave been simplified ; it is too much after the florid French style with tho oW melodramatic twang— tho author in. bis evident desire to make the dialogue harmonize with the period having flown too high, but in the dialogue it is brought down, to a fair level Mialtingdaealbwaacetforafirstperfonnanoe, the piece pateed through the erocial test creditably; the gallery snowed a dupouition to take some of the serious situations in a jesting spirit, bat more from pan love of mischief than from any sense of the nnfitness of the presentment, and the author waa called for more than once, the performers also coming in for a meed of praise freely bestowed -The piece possesses merits of which originality is not the most marked, and if the author and those performing bad a deeper knowledge of stage business the drama would succeed better; however, experience teaches. As to the acton and actresses we wish to be lenient with them, because they evidently did their beet, and taking it all round the acting was clever. Mr. Leonard Parker's Marquis de Chateau Roy and Camilla Valdor was a consistent dual performance ; and Mr. W. J. Daly, if he had not been pro vided by Nature with so fair and open a countenance, like one of the monks of old, would have made a more truculent customer as the revengeful revolutionist Sonterre; as it waa to did not seem correctly cut out for a. leavy villain. Mr. L. Wickstead might have accentuated the character of the . old noble Chevalier de Beanharnois ' if ha had chosen. Miss Dora Moulden had a I very intelligent grasp indeed of the character of Margot, the turkeyherd, afterwards ' Jonquille, the great actress, but was not alwavs J artistic- and graceful in her attitudes— the characteristic is one capable of the greatest j development in tho drama. Much might have been' made of it, and the lady evidently knew it but fell- short of the mark. Miss Kathleen Stock was well cast in, and quite suited the rile of Favqtte. The rest of thecast waa as follows :— Vicomte de Rosny, Mr. Percy Begg ; Monsieur Darnier, Mr. . Seymour smith ; the Duo D*Etoile Mr. L. Kaines; Zackrist, a revolutionist Mr. Wil liams ; Goupil, a manservant Mr. A Kaines ; Little Jean, a peasant child, little Lillian Bruer; sergeant of soldiery, Mr. Preston; Dame Valdor, of tho Silver Stag Lm, MissB. Lindsay. As an amateur production, played by amateur*, ' The Jonquille' was certainly a success, and we congratulate Mr. Boothby on its production and hearty reception. It will be repeated to-night, ana we may say has the merit of being short 'ROBBERT UXDXB AlUIS.' For the opening piece of his season, com mencing at the Theatre Royal on Monday night Mr- Dampier has chosen 'Robbery Under Arms,' a drama written by himself and Mr. Garnet Walcb, and founded upon one of Rolf Boldrewood's stirring navels. This play, dealing mainly with incidents in the life of one Captain Starlight, a typical bushranger, has been very successful ever since its first produc tion w MeloourM about a year ago, and serves as an admirable vehiolo for displaying the talents alike of Mr. Dampier, of the ladies, of his family, and of the strong and repreaentethe Australian company which he has gathered round him daring the past few years. The cast of characters embraces the names of several old favourites, together with those of others new to an Ade laide audience but bearing a pood record else where. 'Robbery Under Arms' will be mounted with the completeness which charac terized its Melbourne production, a feature being the characteristic Australian scenery from tbo brush of Monsieur Alta Tiscbbaaer. 