FICTIOM From CiiRllHli, Am eric nu« mid Oilier Periodic**]«, THE DEM/PÂINTER. CHAPTER X11. THEY BOTH HAVE THEIR SECRETS. The time came when Pinnie could move around the house, and he fretted not a little as to his future course. It never occurred to him or his friends that he would return to the school. At that institution there was little change. The Tie¡er never inquired for the boy, he may possibly have known-the means of knowing such things at the command of this wealthy Spaniard were far greater than that possessed by the city secret service j and it was an exceedingly curious fact-as stated by the chief of police-that Spaner had gone on to the Chamber of Commerce once, as a total stranger, and made a small fortune. He sold " futures" in consols. Three days after, a sailing packet came with the news that consols had dropped to such an extent that S panero reaped a great harvest. It was secretly understood that in some way Spanero was interested in certain foreign governmental affairs, but not the slightest clue could be obtained as to the nature of this interest. These weeks were not without events. The man that kept the restaurant from whence the Tiger's meals were brought, had a little private office in the rear corner. This small room was noticeable on account of its bareness, the furniture consisting of two fragmentary chairs. And that was all. The walls were not plastered, but ceiled. It had but one window, and that was unusually high and small. If there were any place to store things in this little den it must have been in the wall by secret panel, for not even a box rested upon the floor, There was a door leading into the restaurant, and another opening to the alley at the rear. These doors were trimmed with spring locks, both' onenin<r from within. The restaurant was peculiar in that it did not seem to have, nor seek, a regular custom. Very few who dropped in accidentally repeated the accident. There was a waiter and he was deaf. The cook room was a rear room in the next build- ing, connected hy a swing door. This side of the square extended into the disreputable district, a sort of thieves' quarters. Every city has such sections, and usually in close proximity to the respectable part of the city. In this building a part of the history we are narrating transpires. At 1 o'clock in the morning, two of the most interesting characters it will ever be our misfortune to meet, occupy the grimy and insecure chairs mentioned as the furniture of the private room. One of these was the proprietor of the restaurant. His round, lumpy head and high bare forehead were surmounted with a closely cropped covering of hair-a style not at all in vogue at that time. This man was probably forty-five years of age. The face was broad and brown, leathery, and lines rather than wrinkles crossed it, outlines of passion and sensuality. But his mouth was not thick and animal, on the contrary it was thin, somewhat broad, and intensely determined. If the reader has in mind a picture of Spanero, let this individual be the contrary in feature. He was under height, but stoutly built. His clothing was of dark grey stuff, old and greasy, and his hands clumsy and repulsive. He was a powerful man and a character. A candle was flaring in the room on a chimney cornice, and cast an unhealthy and unfavorable light upon this person and his companion. The latter was gaunt, tall and angular. Chest sunken, bald head, always covered hy a consumptive-look- ing old wrpck of a cap ; he was of ashen-gray coun- tenance, large, red-streaked eyes, When he moved, his limbs moved only. His nose was slightly Romanized, and his teeth were waiting for the dentist of the future. He was a spare, repulsive looking creature, whom you would rather not meet in the night without your club and a reliable dog. And, yet when he spoke, you listen to a soft, kindly voice-a voice which you would say you had heard before ; and you would ransack memory to find the owner of the original-among all the gentlemen you had met in the past. On, his feet were sheep-skin shoes, with wool left on the bottoms. The gaunt, thin-faced man had a bad grayeyard cough. " I dunna see, Stub, whut you do wi' that cough whin ye're oot, mon ?" said the short man, whose name so far as Boston culture could inform us, was " Speters." " What would I be doing with anything that I didn't want ?" " Whut wud uny mon he doon wi' it-wha, man, yud Bhut it up." " YeH, I do shut it up"-and with this said Stub his lank face and large eyes aglow as he brought forth a small vial filled with pellets. " Un whut mut it he thut ?" asked Speters. " This is the God that I worship. I am safe when that is with me, and in danger when it is not." *' Un it doon't like opum." " But it comes from opium," replied Stub, " so they toll me, and it works mighty quick, too, for in ten minutes I feel it tingle, and in twenty it puts iron in my blood." " But, mon, it will kill thoo." "Can't do it too soon. Speters, I would not mind, but the ghosts while I live !" " Tou're cracken in yor opper story-un you better luve it aloon." .' I believe you, Speters. I met a pair of lovers the other night, and in my mind was a dream of what took my child from me years ago-and I look- ed up, and sure enough there was my ehild that, was drowned-as big as life, just as I dreamed." "That shoos thut ye wont last much longer." " Tour right again, for, upon my soul, I saw be- fore me my own picture, as I was a squid hanging to my mother's apron strings in old Cambridge." " Tu did ? And whut did yu say to yerself ?" asked Speters, with a grin which called up the idea of a graveyard. " I did'nt say a word to myself. I looked at my- self and myself looked at me ! and upon my soul if myself didn't faint away !" " Un we doon't blame myself for that," suggest- ed Speters. " But what had I to do with it ? If it was a lad, why should he tumble over ?" " Sure an' wouldn't yer dooty kill a man at close quarters ?" Stub opened his thin jaws and took a pill into his mouth, and smacked his lips. '. It was a ghost, Speters-I know them, there was no one there." " An' yui not afraid uv um ?" " Afraid, man ? Why man, what cares a man who has nothing to live for ? Live for what I get ? No, Speters, no, there is no fear to a man who don't care when he tumbles off the wharf." "Why don't you tumble yourself off?" said Speters. " Because I haven't killed a Spaniard yet ?" said Stub. " Hev a caro, Stub," said the other, with a heavy frown. " Hev a care aboot the Spunyard. Our mon be a Spunyard." "And, I knew that, too-or I wouldn't have been here." And BO the interesting twain sat and talked for a quarter of an hour loDger. It is not hard to see that Stub has been a man of parts. He language has but a slight mixture of dialect, and even at this ime accent and pronunciation pointed to no incon- siderable culture. The thievet' vocabulary had not yet been invented. But the language of Speters was still more of a puzzle-simply because his dia- lect was strained, and evidently a poor attempt to reach the North England tpye. With all the de- pravity evident in the make-up of Stub, there was no question but that Speters was the moro desper- ate villain of the two. A peculiar knock was heard on the outer door, a key wasj thrust into the lock, and the Tiger en- tered. He glanced at Stub a moment, and turning to Speters, said : " Is this the mpn ?" " The man," had his cold, steel-gray eyes on the Tiger. It was not the glance that he had before cast upon a supposed ghost. It had something of strength in it. He took another pill. " This is the mun," replied Speters. " And has he done his work to-night ?" " Befoor wo ahnswer thut, cap," said the short, stout villain, bringing his small, serpent eyps upon the Tiger, " we will talk uv soomthing ulse." " Well, talk of what you want to, but get off from that brogue and do your practicing on the devil." "That is all right, sir; but that is not what I have to say," returned the villain, changing his method of speech. v " If you have anything you wish to say before this man, go ahead." "It is before this very man," said Speters sullenly. Spanero walked across the floor, a heavy frown resting upon his face. "Drive on," he muttered. " All I have to say is a devil of a little. It is that we want to know the bilk in the glitter for us." " Have you not been well paid for your services ?" " Noo, we ha' noot." " Don't you get this d-d croak's nest for noth- ing ?" said Spanero. " Whut o' that ? Hev ye not crooked the bilk o' thousands here theesel' ?" '* Do I not pay you well for running this cook shop ?" " An' hev ye not yer oon spun in the dish ?" " Well, out with it man," sputtered Spanero, still walking back and forth. " If you have anything to say, let it out." " And I hev this to say, captain : " If that ere coop is busted next week, he will hev his tjhoord, and me will hev-my thoord, and ye will have yoor thoord and that is all there be to it." "And if you don't get a fi' pun note ?" " Then pard an' me won't divide it up wi' ye." Spanero took this all very coolly. He waited a moment and then drew a silver- mounted pistol from his side coat pocket-one of the long-barreled, flint-lock weapons-took his handkerchief and polished the barrel as he said : " Speters, we will have no words about this job. You will do as I direct, and no grumbling,' either. If you make me trouble I will put a bullet into your head, and if you spout I will have you hung ' to the bridge within an hour by a mob-do you i understand ?" " No, I don't, returned the other. "Do you want me to explain?" asked Spanero, bringing the pistol to bear upon Speters' face. During this somewhat interesting proceeding Stubb, who apparently was not acquainted with Spanero, sat with his chin on his breast and his eyes closed. He did not raise his lids even under the inspiration of a possible row or even murder such is a mannerism of the criminal class. Nor did Speters blink. In aNjold, icy tone he replied : " Spanero, if you play me foul, as you have another, you will be shaken out in an hour and your rookeries burned to the ground. Put up that nonsense-I am not afraid of ye." " This weapon, Speters, is quicker than a knife, and I propose to stop this grumbling at once and for all." " You do ?" said Speters, Bharply. " Else there will he war between us." " Then it will be war," replied the thick-set man, carelessly throwing one leg over the other. "Speters is a beautiful name, isn't it? Now, you have not told this man here your other name1 He looks like a gentleman beside you, and I don't think you are a fit man for him to associate with. Shall I introduce you to him ?" " Look out, Spaniard," said the villain, arousing himself. " You kill me, Speters, at your leisure ; and when I die a letter will be opened at police head- quarters of this city which will set everyone of these cursed new-fangled telegraphs in motion. Do you know what they will say ?" asked the Tiger, fastening his grey eyes on the leathery face before him. " No. Whut's it all ahoot, anyhow ?" " Well, it's about summoning every spy, detec- tive, and officer of this country to instant duty." " It would ?" " And then a United States clipper cruiser would go to France to warn the continent and England." " And what for ?" " To hang you," said Spanero. The villain raised his eyes to the Spaniard's face, and they looked at each other steadily for a moment. Then Speters let fly a single word : 4 " Hell !" " Tes, they want to And an assassin-one who kills princes and breaks up crown jewels-see ?" Like a snake uncoiling after a fright, the tense muscles of Speters loosen and his knit brow re- laxes. Then he says moodily : " What will they do with the principal in that little affair ?" " He will be dead. Tou will have killed him." " Spaniard, put up that pistol. Have your own way." s Spanero put it out of sight and moved to the door." I " Speters, Pinuie is still at the lawyer's house I want either you or this man to cook him." Spanero withdrew and closed the door ; but im- mediately opened it again, thrust in his head and said: "The notice has gone to headquarters that if Mr. North brings funds with him from Philadelphia he had better take it to his house, and keep the business office under full guard." Ho then withdrew. Speters looked up and said : " Stub, what makeB your eyes so bright ?" The fact was that Stub was sitting up as straight as a militia colonel, his eyes brilliant and his cheeks aflame. " It's the cough medicine !" "Was there something about Spanero that brought out the pills ?" "Tes," replied Stub, "But I don't know what it was." " Then you don't know this hell brat ?" " No." " It is well ; but did you get into the house ?" " Tes. I entered two of the rooms." " Tou're a cat." " I inspected all the lighted rooms from the out- side and from the projecting windows. Two of the dark rooms I entered by a large chimney, in which there had been no fires for a long time." " Wonderful ! Did you locate the muniment room ?" ". " Tes, and can get into it without breaking a wall or a lock." " Give it to us easy, Stub." " I' faith I speak the truth. I saw the keys taken from a panel when I was in the room." " The devil !" "Tes," said Stubb, "I stood in the fireplace, and, curse my miserable soul, if I didn't have to hustle to get there, when a fine old lady entered with a candle-and all that crowd in the other rooms, too." " Scraps !" ejaculated the other man. " Tes, Speters, and, by the ragged St. Francis, the old lady looked right at me, squarely-and she didn't know it-I didn't have my party clothes on, you sec." " She would have sworn she looked at the devil !" " She unlocked a little panel in the old-fashioned wainscotted wall, and took out the keys. The jim end of my knife will force it, and there are but two doors to the vault. It is off from an old dininsr room-used in the old Dutch days. But the most singular thing was what I saw in the crowd, through the windows-the young woman who was with my spook-the one that fainted away." " Spook ?" asked Speters. "Yes. The slimins with the big eyes. The other one of myself. " Wonder if that spook isn't Pinnie ?" " The chap what the boss wanted us to put under cover?" " That's the chick, Stub," "Well, this fellow will not go under sod again not until I go !" " Well, let us go hence," said Speters, suddenly changing the subject. Without a word the two men passed out into the restaurant room. They silently wended their way behind a liquor counter, lifted a trap door, and, in the darkneBs, silently dropped to the cellar below. Without stumbling over any of the numerous kegs and casks, the villainous twain made their way to the corner of the cellar, directly under the private room they had recently left. Speters scratched one of the then recently invented lucifer matches, and lighted two bull's-eye oil lanterns. In another moment the two men were digging in a passageway, the direction of which was toward the foundations of the " school building." The corner of the brick work of that interior building was, perhaps, 150 feet away from the rear of the restaurauc, and in that interior structure, on the firBt floor, wai the vault or the treasure room of Spanero. Upon the outside was but a blank wall up to the fourth floor, and then a single window marked the place where the Spanish artist's private room was, adjoining his office. And here we leave the precious twain to their dark work-in which the Tiger was probably not a partner. ( To be continued.) 