The year -which, lias just passed away has been full of disasters to Victoria. At its very commencement the un fortunate shareholders of the Premier Permanent Building Society were just beginning to feel the full force of the blow which, fell' upon them, and dis tress and: misery were scattered far and wide, Hundreds of persons bad only just realized that the- savings of years had been swept away, and scores of agod. and widows just awakened to the. stern fact that they were deprived of their only means of support. Then the- scanty harvest and low prices compelled farmers to. retrench, and economise, and caused a complete stag nation, of business, in the- country dis- iriots.. But in magnitude-of evil, and i n, far- reaching effects, the- great strike orershadoivs-all lesser-calamities, I and for years to. couie will cause a. n. . 1)90 to be remembered with.a shudder. , j-'ortuuntely Victoria was exempted : f;om such disastrous floods as those i -.vliich wrought such damage in New : South: "Wales and Queensland ; nor A the epidemic- of influenza prove so i -oublcsome as.wa6 anticipated, which goes to, show Mi at things might have pen even worse than they were. Among other ovents the ta. groat i ..iw-suits, — veritable- godsends to. the -rTeunew rmanent Drosecutions;. will occupy prominent places iii. the history of 1890.. Several ! popular idols have fallen, from their ! high places, and hnve come to. grief . ' during the past year, but from, the i Binperor of Brazil down to. Mr Purnel! these were — to most ot us; at least — , little- more than mere- numes,. the , fall of the Coalition Ministry having more interest for A ustralians than the overthrow of half a dozen foreign tlironeSj.Gr the disgrace of half of the statesmen of Europe.. After all the most, and greatest,, of the misfortunes of last year- were caused by human agencies", and the sharp, hut salutary, liessons they have, taught should pre vent their recurrence in the future. It is plfeasnnu to- turn away from these gloomv retrospections and look forward to brighter times in the open ing year.- Already we are assured of a plentiful harreet, which, more than anything else, is the mainstay of the colony, and ought to set us once more on the highway to prosperity. Ours is- not the- race to easily drift into hopelessness, neither to be easily dhunted by misfortune;, nor to be frightened1 by the ghosts of the past, and With, such a stimulus as a good harvest can give, will soon, make up lost ground, and make trade and commerce flourish as they have not | done since the- collapse- of the land | boom AVe do not expect too- much I from the New Ministry,, but as it is made up of men who have their spurs to win; llnd popularity to gniii, we inav expect fresh energy to be infused into IT the state- departments, at least BUUitt' UUUWDHQ UP' BUJire&Stifl;, iUl«l & few reforms carried out, and to find it much' more sen itive- to public opinion than its predecessor. Coming to local matters we con fidenfly anticipate that Cobram will' shortly begin to move ahead again. That we-are-not alone-ill our- opinion is shown- by quite an influx of' new tradesmen- into the town,, and before the present year closes we are con- vinced" that important changes will take place;. This is thefirsfc season since our township sprang into- exist- nucc that the outlook has been' so favorable., for- ourselves,. comewhat may,, we are- determined' to> do> our dutv to the district and country.. "We shall spare no -pains to forward' every movement having for its object tiie public-welfare, we shall endeavor,- as- as far as in us lice; to»mete outimpar- tial justice to all, and? shall'not shrink from giveing our honest,, candid and independent opinion on all public- matters, nor-froini subjecting' them to severe oriticistm when necessary. Hoping that our- brightest predictions may more than-be f iilfilled, we conclude- by wishiiigfill ourreadcrsa prospcrous- Hatey YEA.. . 