. IRovcIlst. AM AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, by IVAN DEXTER. ALT. WOIITA nMERYED.") Mount Maceion Mystery . CHAPTER XIV,— (Cohtinukii,) It was still ttioro and only a few foot away, but tho murky gloom did not allow of its being clearly seen. Cautiously tho young warehouseman Inserted the stick and pushod it slowly towards the object, after first making . , luiibiiu juuvai nai ujHHI. . "Tho boast tfiuat bo asleep," ho mut tered, as ho felt tho stick touch it and no movement followed. Encouraged by this inortia, ho gava a nioro vigorous poke, and started back, for ,a movoinotit cortaioly took plsoo. Ho ovidently bxpoctod a rush, but none took placo, And ho ventured to look in again. Tho animal was still there, and em i-v bolileued by its evident disinclination to '4-. conio out lie made anolhor attack on it. This time a suspicion began to fill -his mind that tho guide might bo right oftor nil. and the- wish being father to tho thought might have induced him to think' that it was tho wombat ho wqb trying to feutlino in tho darkness. As lio folk tho object again ho became 'coHvincod.tlmt it was not a livinganituai, ; . biitastorio ho was seeking to dislodge, for it'felt luird and sounded sharply whon . struck. ' Hu tliorefnrn tried pull it. towards him. . / t \- As ho drow tho stiok hack ho could feel ' it coining to lum, and when ho. looked in . ngain it was almost at thu, moulh of tho excavation,- / . ; As ins eyes booamo ;accustomt'dito tbb glooin thoy fixudiorvtho'mj'sloriousokjoot . with a rigid stare, and for a full ininuto \- ho remainod oil lus hands and knees like uno potnffed. . r 44 Wlmfc the devil nrn you looking at, . Bruco ?V askod .oiio of Ills companions., v .VIYou look as frightened ns if Old Nick himaolfwaathcro." Tho young innn thuo spoken to stood up and- hastily clainbored .out of tho ox cavation. (Im -faco Was whitoand' his . . whole apponrniiou that of a mnn who had 1 - huddonly and unexpectedly- mot with an uuploasnht aiid startling sight; " \Yny, mati, yuij have nt scon a ghost surely 1 - spoko one of the. party, as ha jumped down to. tho mouth of tho As ho poured in an equally startled look erupt over his faeo; and in' a fow < mnmnitlji lm rmoincd his comrades, who had aurrouridpu Biuco. . ' ' "It's a human skull," tho latter was toiling tho awc-struck youths. " You must bo ' mistiikoR," was the reply. " I'vo no doubt it's, tho skulbof a dead wombat, or perhaps a wallaby thot has boon drngged into the hole."- V- ..' ... "Qo rind look fur yourself," rojoinod Bruce, and tho man who had just ro. ' - turnod from tho oponing, nddod : Yo3, you'll soon be satiofled on tho point. It's a human skull— man or wouian-08.cerlnin as wo stand hore," ' ; .Thomanri'ldrbssed slowly descondod to tho holo, nud ihuro-in front of him loy \--tho grinning skull. ' Dentil inust bo pleasant, someono has ' said, because it always grins, butthoro was noploa8mitry rovoalod in tiiathidoous . . , lllttSK llius HUiHtKVU Ml iu that wild and uufrcquontod spot. .. Besting there in its woird gravo, the mocking mouth, and sookols vacant of their eyes, it seuiuud to tho startled man io be again sontiont with lifo and tol Jing the story of Us queor abodo. His comrades woro bending over him, and aftor repontud requests from them, . ho put his hand into the holo and shud- doringly lifted out tho repulsive rolio of mortal humanity. ' - Tho wouiloring group of man lookod upon it with nlmoat suporstitious fcol- inga. A human skull under ordinary oir cuuistancos is net vory awe-Inspiring, but this skull must ham im extraordinary history. Attached to it. How did it got tiioro? To whom did it belong? For haps it was a dead and muto witness of a foul mtirdor, or mayhap sorao weary pilgrim'along lift)' highway had volun tarily laid down hiii load and nhortcnod _ the iournoy with his own hand. Then it might belong to a tourist liko tliomaolvoa, wlio, wancU-ring tlirough tho ' unilorarowth. had stumblod into tho wombat holo, and, being ucrioualy in- i'urod, had uitliur died of starvation or ,ooii attacked and killed by tho worn bat" , . Stories had boon told of thoso animals dttnoking moo, and it wna well known that a child had been carriod off by them on the north side of Mount M&co-; don Aa one of tho men looked up at tho tronumdttiis cliff, tho face of which glistened in thu suitingsun,.-! momentary jjoa struck him that a fall over It might . jcouunt' for tho presouco of the Iturnnn I "no, but it saotood so improbable that liie thought immodiately passed away. iheso anil a hundred oihor conjectures pawed through the minds of tho silent Boup, .and for sovoral minutes no one spoke. p Their oyos rostod qucslionly on tho impsssivo skull ni though adjuring it liko the ghost in Uninlot to " unfold its talc," nothing roioalcd Ferhnp's lhisifl tho skull of rin aboriginal who has died hero and buon buried in Uw wombat-hole," auggestod ono of the It sounded feaaable enough, but it did not olucdnlo tho mystery, and as thoy still wondered, tho guido soid : ' Wo must bo getting away from hero, unless you wish to comp lioru all night. Wo have only about two hours of day Jignt And wo could, never pass through tho Glei. in tho dark. Tho prospect of a night in that wild oorio spot was not to tho taste of the party, and, forgotting nil about tba object of moir search, they wore hurriedly gather ing their tools together, when tho guido said : " Wo had bolter conceal tho pick and shovels hero until to- morrow, as this holo must bo searched for further traces of the bonoi which should belong to tho skull. Several of my friends will join in the scorch if ynu are agrccablo, and there is no need to bring these awkward tools to tho hotel and back again." Tho young rnoti at onco fell in with tho suggestion, for now that thoy had gone so far, they wero cagor to probo tho mystery tu tho bottom. Securely planting tho tools, thoy mndo thoir wsy back to tho Forest Inn. CHAPTER XV. THE SKELETON. " Where's your wombat, boys ?" asked tho smiling host. " Here, ' ropliod llruco, who had taken possession of tho ghastly rolio by virtuo of first discovery, suddcnl) uncovoring Uio skull, which, with its overlaying grin, seemed to regard tho inotter— probably from tho frights it caused— in tho light of a good joke. " Where on oarth did you got that 7" inquired tho alarmed innkeeper. M Dug it out of a wombat-Iiolo at tho foot of tho Camel's Hump," was tho laconic answer. " Ah," said English, thoughtfully, this discovery requires sifting thoroughly. It would bo as well if you gave information to tho police at onco, sor soma ngnt on past oventa may in sult." Have yon any thoory regarding tho skull ?" asked Bruce. " Yes, a couplo of ycard ago two mon mysteriously disappeared in this locality. They wcro Inst soon on' tho Camora Hump, and no traco lias boon found of them since, with tho exception of blood tains on t>>o great cliff. It was thought at tho time tlint ' during a thick mist which onvoloped tho peak, thoy might have accidentally walked over tho prcci pice ; but tho absence of tho bodies ren dered all attempts at discovery a failure, although ovory possible offort was mndo to throw light on tho mystery." " I read something about it in tho papers/' replied Bruce. With thi information regarding the events ot two yoars previous, which moat of tho party now recollected reading in tho metropolitan newspapers, Bruce sought out tho ono policonmti, stationed at Middlo Cully, anu placed tho skull iu his puBSOssion, after recounting tho mnn nor iu which it had been found. ' .Tho oonntnblo . arranged for a largo party to procoed to the spot on the follow lug uay, nna during uio avouiug icio- graphed to Mulbourno'for tho dutcotivo who -had charge of tho Edgar and Marshall disappearanao cases. ' Wilh'tho first train noxt morning Do toctivo Lynx arrived, and a considerable numbor of visitors and residents made their wny'to tho wombat -hole to search for further rumniiis, . 'For several hours tho parly lub'orcd, and at longth ehoycaino to ft recess in tho drive— ovidontly ono of tho slooping placos of tlio animal — wliero thoy found rib-bonus partly gnawod and also a thigh bono. Thus oucourogod thoy still exenvnted, and soon it was apparent that thoy woro reaching tho living occupant of tho bur row. Doop growls and grunts woro plainly hoard, nud a small torrier that "bearded tho lion in his den," came out moro rsnidlv than it ontorod. 'and with ovorv' mark of fear. In anothar half hour thoy saw -tlio oyos of tho wombat gloaming through tho darknoBs liko -Cory coals, and at the sug gestion of an old rosidont it was docidod to shoot it, for. said ho : "If tho darned thing starts burrowing it may got array from ub faster than wo can fellow." Tho ndviqo was sound, nnd Bruo'o, acting upon it, put a chnrgo of swan shot botwoon tho two gleaming oyos. A short strugglo and soraping followed, and it .was ovidorit tho Bhot had dono its work. Still tho ditlgors : toilod, nud it was noarlyffvo o'clock before they camo to tho dead body of a wombat of unusually largo izo, and ovidontly, from tlio groyliaira — tawny Judo, of great ngc. Lifting it out, thoy found tho dilvt ended in thatdireotion, and a chamber ol somo Bizo had been scooped out. This was tho regular sleeping and din ing placo of the animal— its bed-ohainbor and dining- room. Scattered about woro tho bones of various animals, for n wom bat litis 'tho nppctito of a pig. It is herbivorous, gramnivorous, or carnivor ous as occasion demands. It is, iu fact, omnivorous, for all is lisli that comes to Its not. Tho oxpcrioncod oyo of .tho detcctivo at onco discovorod tho bonus thoy woro scorching for. With the oxcoptiou of tho very BinulloBt bones, the missing parts of the Bkoloton they wero in suarcli of wozo found and carefully wrapped up. Considerable difficulty was oxporionccd In gathering up tlio bones, as thoy woro nearly all broken in various places. Tho party then mtulo a clune search along tho routo of the excavation to cue If any brrmolu'.u from tho innin hole oxistod whoro another skeleton might bo concealed, but nona wero diecnvnrcd. Aftor tho dutcctivo had made a rigid scrutiny of the grnuito cliff, and luoasiircd tho distance botweon the spot where tho blood otains had been found nt tlio baso and tho inouth of tho lato wombat-halo, tho party gathorod togothor and slowly made their wriy back to Middlo Gully, carrying with them iu a bag tho inert bones that onoo woro as capablo of loco motion as tho most robust amongst them. _ Thodotoctivo took ohargo of thorn, and, arriving at the village, ,' accompaniod MoDonougli, ' tho ; coustailo, to his residonco to obtain tho skull and have toa with him. Unlocking a small cupboard, tho police man took out tho skull and handed it to his friend. It was in on oxcoodingly good efato of nrcsorration probably through its having boon protcctod from wind and weather. Tho doleolivo looked at it intently, as though ho wiahod to read its sccrot. Thot tnking a small parcel from his pocket ho unrolled it slowly, revealing a tooth. 14 Look hero, McDonough," ho said. 4< This skull has a roiunrkably fino sot of tooth. Many n swell dudo or fino lady would onvy it thoir possession if thoy saw them, hut ono is missing, and I think I can supply tho want." Thon carefully taking up tho bony head ho placed tho tooth in iho solitary gap in tho jaws, and it fitted exactly, " Vou soo, this tooth is similar to ite fellows in tho jaw," ho remarked to tho interested constnulo, 14 I llAVO no doubt it bailment in t.hn lioid, and it may furnish an important olue to Mio identitjcatlon of tho akololon. liiia tooth was found at tho foot of tho Camol h Iiuinp Cliff two years ago, rui yon may roin<>inbor, whon Edgar. tho tourist, and Marshall, tho otirvoy tnan, disappeared. It is moat probable that tno remains bolung to ono of thcao men. But which ?" ho musingly added, V that's tho point. Tho fact of tho bones being so fractured is also ovidonco that death resulted from a fearful fall." " But bow did the body cot inlo tho wombat-holo ?" inquired M'Donough. 44 Tho wombat could not posiibly havo dragged it thoro, big though it was, and It could not havo been tnkon pieco-mcal ; tho soarch parties woro at tho (daco .. ..«.w nim nj-mu >fth iuuu'i niinin twenty-four hours xftor tho men disap- poared. lf wo had found firo skolctons instead of one," returned Lprnx, opparontly un heeding his ompanion's questions, 11 tho mystery would liavo been mucli clearer, but as it is I don't liko tho appoaranco of theenso." 14 But you don't suppose," was tho reply, "that Marshall and Edgar would havo both walked over the cliff at tho ssrno t into and at tho same spot, and have kern dragged away by tho same wombat. If they wero both accidentally killnd dur ing tho rnisl ono of tho bodies may havo fallen in another placo, and tho skeleton bo now in nnotlicr bole." 44 But only ono spot showed traces of a fall over tlio cliff," tho dotectiro answered, " and it is altogether iiriprobablo that thcro wsa a double accident at thenamo time, unless tho two men woro together and clutched each other on tho edge of tho prrcipico when thoy suddenly stepped over. That would bo my solution if two bo ties wcro fouiul, but as ilia," headdud, with a shrug, ,f4l really cannot unravol tho nkuin." "Timo reveals all things,'4 sagoly Hpoku M'Donough. 44 But what is tho good to us if half a century honco tlio sccrot is laid bare. Anothor generation will get tho credit, and thoy will look back upon us as stupid officers who hadn't enough scnio to know whan wo wore hungry." 44 Come now, Lynx," good humorcdly rotortcd MoDonough, 41 wo havo senso enough to know that wo aro hungry now, and tea is waiting us. "Why should we worry our.olvoB about n matter that doesn't concern us muclv, whcnonoof the most interested parties philosophically grins nt our troubles," ho added; pohUlng to tho skull whiob rested on tho tnblo. "I wish to God- it could speak," fer vently ejaculated tho busiuoss-liko do tcotivo. After n hearty ropnst — for thoir appo- titos woro not ntall disturbed, but rather whetted by the discovery of tho skoloton —tno two oincors stroltod over to the Forest Inn, and obtained what little further information tho party of wnro housemen could givo thorn hs to tho find in'gof the skull,-.' Hulf-au-hour lntor tho detcotivo bade McDonough good-bye, and was boiug whirlod away to Mulbourno in tho night express, bearing with him a parcel cqro- fully wrapped up, and which contained tho ghastly tropluos recovered from tho wombat-holo., "Now," lio mused, as ho roclinod luxuriously in tho ompty first-olass corn- pnrtmont, 44 this discavory opens up again tho case of tho missing men Edgar and Marshall. Ono of them is no longer missing;" ho wont on, glancing at tlio prtckago, 44 ho is thoro,' but which of them is it ? Thoro wasn't' tho slightest sign of anything in t)o wombat-holo that would load to identification— notarngof clothes, nf nnnnr. ' TsTn «lf»n of monnv or inwnllnpi. nor, in fuot,' of anything. I will pay nn ' other visit to tho placo in a day or two', and soarch.it again. A crowd is always a hindranco to a good sonroh; ' porliops the body was naked whon plaood in tho holo, for I bogin to'think that nothing short of human intelligence could so successfully havo obliterated' nil traces of Iho bvdy which fell ovor tho oliff." ' Ho puffed away for somo timo at a cigar, and then suddenly oxclnimcd : .. . 44 All! I wab pearly formatting .thoids- covory of tho man's iootprint, whioli. iwqs found closo to whoro this tooth wns picked up." — and as ho spoko ho tapped lus voat pocket — "That footprint- wan proved to fi»\vo boon Marshall's,, nnd could .'only have boon a day or two old nt tho time, as it' was not. obliterated by tho rritit tlitjt toil. uuiT, u mnniinu- »- uuvo, wjlftC could liavo boon bis object in' disrippoan. jng. That puzzlaa ino. IIo' could liavo no motive in placing Edgar's body in.thq' hole if ho found it, and, so. far as I boo,. could havo no possible motive in commit ting murder.' According to the survey men he was not n bad sort of follow, but I must try nnd fiud out something moro about him. No ono seemed to know anything about his autcoeduntu when he disappeared, but I'll try it ngain. If I don't try I won't know." Thus pulling himself over thecaso on- trusted to him, Molbourno was roachod; and tho dotectivo hurriod nwny to givo. iu his report to his superior officer. Noxt d'ly tho metropolitan proas had n full nccouut, dolailitig tho strango finding of tho mysterious skeleton, and though an Inquest was hold; no light was thrown upon its identity. Tho vcncrahlo wombat that had boon dono to doath in its lair was a source of considerable ourioaity whon brought to town by tho successful party of ware housemen. . The intercolonial and country pnpora copied tho nows from their Melbourne) contemporaries, and, after tho lapso of two yenrs, the mystory of tho mount wns> again, rovivod. CHAPTER XVI. : : t'UILLIP 8IMES0M. If -in oldou times all roads lad to Itomu, it is no loss oortaiu that Victorian history shows that all roads in this colony load to -Molbourno. ' ! . " , ' ' Aftor tlio first great rushes to tho gold- fiolds this wns ospccially tho caso, and tlio monoy spent in tno motropolis by success ful diggers has dono much to build up tho great city. Thoro is no nocd to ropoat hero how fortunes woro 'spent in a fow waoks in tlio gilded man-traps of Molbourno, which ynwnod to rccoivo tho lucky and foolish digger. Such tilings liavo boon worn thro'ad- bnro by repetition. On tho principle of "easyeomo, easy go," it was only to bo ozpoctad that tho simplo pigeons would bo pounced upon by watchful hnwks, but taking all things into consideration, tho history of these oxcitcd times proves that far moro honesty aud fair dealing was abroad than tho many temptations which existed would lead ono to boliovo. With loss caubo, San Francisco was in finitely worsn in this rospcct than tho capital of Victoria, so that Melbournitcs havo causo to look with somopridoon tho early history of thoir city. than aonao wished to ontcr upon tho downward cotirso of dissipation he cotild find in Molbourno every opportunity of doing so, nnd many companions who would holp him on tho Avcrninn road. If ho did not wish to act tho.prodignl ho Wculd find life nnd proporty as nccuro ns in tho most orderly city of tlio British Empiro, nnd this fact undoubtedly in fluenced many wealthy persons to P"rmanont)y rcsido in tno city, and ex panded it in so rapid a manner."' . Tho Molingal (liggor ovidontly took this lattor viow of life, nnd, instead of rquan- doring his monoy in tho drinking hells and other disroputablo places, ho took quiot and rospcctablo lodgings in a tor- raco in Nicholson-strcot, opposito Iho present i'.xmmtton ouitamg. . His liking for tho tap-room and tho whiskv bottle had suddenly left hint, and ho walked in tho pnthof rigid morality. Phillip Simpson was tlio namo he gave tho landlady, and, aftor a brief acquaint ance, that good woman vowed her now lodgsr was tho best sho over had. 44 IIo is no trouble, my dear," alio con fidentially informed a lady friend. 44 He novor grumbles nt his food ; his heel al ways suits him, and I am sure," iho adued in a deep whiipor, 44 ho has nlonty of monoy, because ho thinks as little of a sovereign na I would of a shilling." 44 Is ho a professional man ?" asked tho visitor. 44 1 don't know ; hodocin't ipoak much, and when ho does ho avoids mention of himnclf." "Tiioro is a mystery about him, than. It must bo chnrming to have a boarder who has a secret to conceal." sho added. with a laugh, though not without a touch of malico, for sho, too, kopt a boarding liouso.aml had boon uufortunato with hur lodgers, 44 1 don't know whotber ho has a so:rot or not, and I don't pry into my lodger's affairs. All I can say is that Mr. Simpson is n very nice man," ropliod tho landlady, bridling up. Mr. Siiiipioo, tlio 4( vory nioa man," was cortaioly widely different from tho inoroso, solitary, and ill-totnporcd digger. ofMoliagul. Yet io it was. Tho leopard had changed his spots— tho transforma tion was comnloto. What had wrought tho alteration could only havo been tho gold. Tho lucre, which debases Roino natures, had ap parently elevated this ono, and trans formed tlio uncouth and brutal paunor I into tlio polished and rofinod gentle- Mr, Simpson wns also fond of society— another phaso of character from that pro, soiitcd at Moliagul, whero ho lived like a' hormit. . Society in thoso days was nofc.voyy oxclusivo— that is, if tlio voiy highost and very limitod circlo bo oxceptodr-and i tho polite Mr. Simpson was soon wel- i comod in many houses. ' His manner oertainly . ontitlod him to tho invitations lio' rocdivod, and. it was whispered that his wealth was' much groater. than ho carod to lot pooplo., know. ... , Ho was not a boastful'innn, but what, littlo ho said, ho' did, and, with n faculty, for multiplication which did thoir-. arith metical training credit, his acquaintances incraasod his banking account nt leant tenfold. Whoro ho catud from, or whiit ho was— though it wns goiiorally under stood ho was' a lucky digger— few pcoplo cared to ask. It was suflioiont tliat ho had monoy, and conductod himself Hko a gentloman. On a cortain ovoning, about throe months aftor ho took up his rihodo in Molbourno, Sir. Simpson wns invited to a rather soloct gathering at tho house of ft bourno, Ho had acooptcd tho invitation,' for ho mado it a point of novor refusing ono if ho oould 'holp ' it. His landlady had ro- marked that ho nover spent an evening at homo, but pnsscd them in eooioty. . It wns. nino o'clock whon ho. roaohed |its. friond's houso, and most of tho guests wo rq. nsso m bl od . 1 His host,Mr. Evolyn, introduced him to Hioso ho did not know, and this rugged diggb?,"of a few months ngu, Bottled down1 to his onjoyniont .with tbo easy rafc&'of'a'wolbbredgontloman.. Half-an-hournfturhis ontryMr. Evelyn approached nnd suid ; 44 Two frionds of ipino havo just rir- rived nud I think - they aro Rtrangorn to yoUj4< Let mo havo tlio ploaouro of intro- aucing you. t 44 1 shall bo most ploased," ho nnawcrod ; and thu two crossed tho room to whoro a lady-was soatod, and a gontlqman stand- ing.at hor sido. 4.4 Mils Dovoroaux, my friend Mr. Simpson; Mr. llpmiiu, allow mo to iutro- diico Mr. Simpson." , . Tho young lady bowed, und formality oudo'd ; tho four ontorod into conversation on common-placo subjoctin \- In n fow minutos Evolyn hurried away to rccoivo other guests who woro enter ing, aud tho conversation flagged for u. timo. Ncithor Adulino Dovoroaux or Ernost Rennio felt in much humor for talking, and, indood, thoy both lookod as if thoy would 'rather bo away from . tho gay scone. ( Simpson felt it rather irknomo«doing nit tho talk, and on tho first opportunity, with a poiito ualuto, ho loft thorn. 44 T would much rather I Imdaiot como, Mr. Ronnie," tho uirl said, "but f could not refuse tho kind invitation ofuny dear father'a old friend." 4>I hopo you will bonelit by your acceptance, f$r you know that 4 all work and no piny' nnd so on io not good for any ono. You must not worry youraolf too much with tho sad husinoss wo -havo in hand," ho said, anxiously. With fnroed gaioty ho rallied 'tho girl into having a danco, after whach- tlia Miss - Evolyna carried hor away and monopolised her for somo timo. Sho was ooatcd conversing with tho oldoat daughror, wlu-ii Mr, Simpson np> proachod and took tho vacant- chair 'be side hor,. upon which Miss Evolyn re tired,— (To be Continued ) , M M V, 