BALLARAT EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE The week of united prayer as observed throughout the world was concluded in Bal larat on Friday evening by a communion service in the Baptist Church, Dawson street. There was a‘very large congregation, comprising members of all the churches The Rev. Dr Porter presided, and part was tiken IU the service by the R»vs. E. VV Nye, J. B. Harrison, J H MacUy, b. Cuthbert, J. B Johnson, C. Lancaster, ami H. Hunt After the opening hymn and prayer, the Rev C Lancaster read John 14\. The Rev S Cuthbi rt preacned on "knowing Christ, and knowing God through Christ,” an able >nd_ impressive sermon. The text was John xui , 3—“ This 13 life eternal, that they might know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom Thou hast sent;” John xiv , 9-“ Have I been so long tune with you, and yet hast thou not known Me, Philip? He that bath seen Me hath seen the Father, and how sayest thou then ‘Shew us the Father?’ also. Pml. 11l , 10—“ i’nat I may know Him, and the power of His resurrection, and the fellowship of His sufferings, being mide conformable unto His death ” Ihe difference between prov mgthebeingof God and knowing God was pointed out God was not to be known by comprehending Him, buthy loving Him, by knowing His love to us. We know not only of God’s greatness and power, but through Calvary we know of His love. His love casts out fear, for we know Hun as our Either Only love can know love—by reciprocity, not by rule, nor logic, but by love, for “God is love.” Love is the Divine principle implintcd in the heart by the Holy Ghost. The question was pressed home, “Do you know God, through Christ!" It was shown tint eternal life depended on it “ This is eternal life,” Christ is not known nece sanly by b ing with Christ, for while the di-uples were r ith Hun they knew Him not Christ must be in us anil we in Him, as a person—a Divine person Piul linked himself to a person, Je«us Christ To truly know Christ we must not only know about Chnstand believe Him, but we must trust Him, He must be known as a risen, living Swiour. This is the true friendship, not know mg the life of Christ only, but knowing Christ the life; not only to accept the atonement, but to take Christ the Atoner. Knowing Him and loving Hun are identical, Hus is heaven—incipient, miniature heaven, the heaven hereafter being the consummation The preacher then n ferred to S“veral degrees of knowledge, following on ta know, b» coining more and more perfect as we con tinue to love. Not only to be introduced to and to know Christ, in smm relations, but fully Most b'esied is it to have “fillow ship” in Ins sufferings, ind so have opened up hidden treasuies of wisdom and know ledge. We should be much in Christ’s com ptny —make Hun the most intun vte guest, be separated from the world, obey His behests, and trust Him implicitly “If ye know these thing-, happy are ye if ye do them” The elements were afterwards ills tnbuted, a hallowed mfliunce resting upon the assembly Miss Huergal’s consecration hymn, and prayei by tin Rev J E. Har nsou, brought to a close a solemn season, which will be lung remembered 