OUR PARIS LETTER. fFEOil OUB OTTy COBBESPOSBEST.) "PiTTgj 3Xay 30th. I The omnibus strike of Paris. having" ini filled all the requirements of the Encyclical, Has 'Holiness ought to telegraph to the men a Papal benediction on their victory. • The strike possessed all the most beautiful ele ments for success. The employes were ground exceedingly <ra«n in their social mill: they -were paid from 2 francs to 6 per day; the -working hoars •were 15 to 18, frier had two holidays monthly, when no pay was allowed: ihey had to deposit 200 francs cash as security, the interest on which, the com pany used as dividend grist; the men were subject to a merciless system of fines, which also fattened dividends. Deductions were further made for the sick and pension funds, .so the wonder is, how the men managed to live from over work and under pay. It i would be interesting to know the death rate j among the company's employes. On the company's 500 francs shares, the dividend fluctuated between 13 and 15 per cent. The directors were paid 30,000 francs a year each. The gods before destroying them, struck them blind, as when the men petitioned for a working day of twelve hours, that off drys ought to cany wages, and the levied finery and interest on their accumu lated guamntees to be credited to the sick and accident fund, the directors in their majestic boshawism, declined listening to the spokesmen and dismissed them from the service. " A conductor of a bus and a ticket checker, in two days, formed three-fourths of the employes into .a legal syndicate; the men petitioned again, the same haughty soobism was extended to the request, and a strike was voted. Por two days Paris talk was about 'busses, and press and pubBc opinion sustained the strikers. "Within 4Shours theinsolent directors capitulated: all they refused they had to grant, and the white slaves are now freemen. The employes resumed wont;. some dis plaved joy-colored cockades in their hats, others wort* laurel leaves. The conductor, ~Af Contenzouac, who displayed such remark able organisinir canaciiy and surety of fore sl*rh±» was offered," and has accepted, the wttratrpTghip of an important factory, but in obedience so the call of his comrades, he agreed to act as conductor under tlie new regime, for one run between station and station, great cheering. He is certain to be elected a deputy. The omnibus strike is pregnant with in struction. It shows the folly **f conceding a monopoly to any company in this age of liberty of workT "Were people here as free to start ~busses as cabs, citizens would no longer be the shuttlecock of a privilege which is the old -nami* for monopoly. The strike shows the ineptitude of placing ■* men in the situation of directors, who are in a Itip ran Winkle slesp respecting the social changes everywhere eddying. The strike 1»gig imparted fresh -rigorto theonwardnessof the labor movement on the, continent. It has brought home to the working classes that the secret of their power lies in syndi cating, atid with that weapon they are omnipotent. Society counts upon capital and employers recogniang this fret, and in time, for it made up its mind that the Gospel of humanity shall take precedence of politi cal economy, that workman must not be sweated out of existence, nor the employe during his life, skinned like a flint. The well-wishers of France—and she has more than »die believes—cannot but look with alarm on the voting of the ultra protectionist •frnrrff: It is now established, that the Government is in a minority" varying from SO to 120, to cany its counter tariff of moderation. Foreign countries will retaliate because reciprocal trade treaties become im possible. Exterior markets will become closed to France, so that when her products will be left on her hands, it requires no ghost from the grave to predict the home conse quences. Very grave observers more than shake their heads at the coming future... The Melinite hubbub is getting beautifully less. This is partly due to the explosion of the legend that Melinite was an exclusively French institution, capable ofout-znarvelliug Jules Verne marvels. Sldinite is well known to be picric acid, the centenary of whose discovery almost coincides with "that of the French Revolution : there are not two picric acids. 31. Turpin discovered the way to explode the acid, and to avenge h?m«a>1f on the French government, Armstrong and Co., and his adversaries in general, have re vealed his secret in a volume, which has been seized, and hinted at the "War Office harboring traitors. He has been arrested to enable him to establish his accusations. His commercial partner, 31. Triponc,is also under bolts and bars, he being the1'alleged honest broker," for the sale of copies of War Office projectiles and gun invention*-. The hitter are commodities that fetch high prices in the foreign market, and no Government is a model of chivalry until it obtains possession of them. Odd, that there should be such eagerness to possess the latent intelligence how to destroy andjbut vciy little as to how to save mankind. The Tcutps Is the ouly journal that says anything handsome about the brilliant as sistance lent "by Lord Charles Beresford to the strandedFrench cruiser, the S&gnehiy;, off Joppa. The occasion was very propitious for indulgence in the international mutual admiration business. Does Russia still "block the way r The distressing: accounts eking out. respecting the French F.vhibition at 3Ioscow, and the many rifts discovered in the alliance lute, are commencing to "dump" as the President of the Transvaal wonld say, the tide of PussophHism- Then the 3fus eovites treatment of the Jews, and the docks of fresh exiles marched into Siberia, are two too bitter pHis, for French justice and the brotherhood of French humanity to swal low. The church of St. Germain PAuxervois, is close to the Louvre ; it was from its tower that the tocsin sounded for the St. Bartholo mew massacre. The clergy of the parish have just celebrated the "diamond wedding" of its cure, the abbe Legrand and the u father " of the Paris clergy. He is aged S3, is in holy order since GO years, and cure of the parish since 1S-50. His most distin guished. parisfconers were the late Hmperor anil Empress; the latter had him decorated with the Legion of Honor. The abbe's parish has been nearly improved oat of existence by new streets, and the erection of monster out fitting establishments. He thus wittily drumg to hare in his parish, houses where there are u baHU sans habitants," and houses with " habitants habits." The abbe Legrand has .refused promotion. During the wild days of the Commune, he nerer quitted his post nor changed his costume. Communist General Cluseret turned him out of h?« pres bytery, and installed himself and lus court martinl staff there. The poor abbe and his curate were the two first tried.; the affair was terminated with a Foqtiier-Tinville ra pidity. The tiro clergymen "were condemned to death ; the coal hole of their own residence, became their celL The squad that arrived to lead them to execution were blind drank, and fell asleep : their officer connived at the escape of the condemned by removing' a grating, through which thev «raine4 the street. "When the troops entered Paris, the abbe had to attend many communists condemned to be shot; It was among- them he recognised the officier, a mason by trade, who had saved his life. Py his intercession he saved the man's life, and he is to-day, the beadle of the church. The latter adjoins the mayoraliiy of the first arrondissement of Paris, and of which doles Teny was Uayor when the Commune broke out. "When Thiers and his colleagues bolted from Paiis. in 3£areh 1S71, they forgot to warn 31. Feny ; the latter fell into the hands of the enemy, who viewed him as. a bonne Louche. The abbe Grgrand crawled his way to find Jules Peny, who expected every moment to be his last; he rescued him, hid him in the coal-hole cell, then In the church, facilitating his escape into an unguarded street by a ladder, and from thence the ex premier dodged his war to Versailles. 3L Rosny Trent to London. for ten days to study English manners and society ; lie put up somewhere between Xiefefstpr Square, the Dhjznarkei and WlntechapeL NatmaBy the time was foggy. The result of his demo graphic observations is a drama. u Xell Horn** in four acts and six scenes. Poor !5Cell—no relation of Dickens's creation—is the step daughter of a drunken London de tective. who beats the girl and his wife, to a thorns of corses. . 2v«E Sees the house, joins the Salvation Army, quits'it on account of its malpractices, becomes the mistress of a Ercnehnian to fortify her morality, who duly deserts lier and the infant she has by lwn. Xcxt she resides with an aged gentleman, who in time throws her np.Knally she diesa can didate for -Jack the Hipper risks. Except the open air meeting of the Salvatim army, with its strange orchestra and services, the publie comprehended nothing of a drama joined by' basting stitches. The _ drama, which Is even hot a mystery of Xiondon, is represented at the new "Theatre Xibre," wiiere authors are free to try their prentice hands, at the expense of violating all the unities and all the decencies. The oaths that so plentifully lard ihe dialogue, were rendered iu Anglo -Saxou rawness, which fur the .French, did duty happily fur TV**hi The spectator? at first, hoot ed and whistled* finally comprehending nothing, they laughed at the whole thing, demanding the orchester of the Salvation army ''out." Ridicnlc lolls in France- , At Oran, in Algeria, the sensational poi soning case is being tried. Jeanne Damlolt, is a Russian, aged 24, neither beaut ifulnor plain, hat distinguished by a '* ratal air. | She was brought up at Nice, where her fainllv kept a hoarding house: when a girl, she eloped to Paris, and lived six months i with her seducer. Abandoned, she returned to Nice, mixed with society as usual and having captured a sub-lieutenant of artillery, "Weiss, they agreed to wed. . Remembering her past, the "Minister of "War, .and. ms own family would not sanction the union. She lived with "Weiss as his mistress, and after 18 months, when he left the army, to be come a sub-prefect in Algeria, hewed her. He is 30 years of age, a fine looking- man. Two children were the result of the union. In 1SS9, the wife made the acquaintance of a railway engineer, named Koqnes. To possess "one ""another, they agreed to get rid of the husband: to shoot him, or to give him prnssic acid, would be two violent, and lead to discovery- Boqucs obtained howler's solution of arsenic, and told her how to administer it. Increasing the doses d%3y without remorse, she. coolly IdHed her husband, profesring deep affection at Ms illness, while daily writing to Roques, who was at STadrid, the "progress"" of the patient towards that death they so much de fared. It was by intercepting one of those letters, the crime was discovered, and the | wife arrested in the midst of her diu [ bylical work. Roques was arrested in 3Iadrid, hat during a mouien ; tary absence of his guard, he seized one of their rifles, and shot himself. Before he left for Spain, he and the wretched wife ex perimented on dogs, with the best poison to administer to the husband. She'has con fessed her crime. The husband, who has recovered, declared to the Jury he would never pardon the prisoner, and only begged to never again hear her name mentioned. She will be transported for life. Pree marri ages generally end in free dissolutions. The home Minister is credited with the intention to publish, every year, the solemn declarations of the Paris printers, respecting the number of copies they strike off, of all newspapers and periodicals, for tbe. pro tection of advertisers " Erelrne I/ea3," the young English u heiress," who captured thirty six hus bands by boldngfrom them, after plucking them of their cash and presents—they specu j luting on her advertised wealth, has been sentenced only to six months imprisonment. As one ofher victims is willing to wed her and go to the Congo, her durance will not he long; it will be if she returns. 