THE MYSTERY OF AN OPAL RING. A NEW YEAR'S EVE GHOST STORY. &S;§Jg[|T WAS NEW YEAR'S EVE, and si ill we were sittinS round the smoking ji qP|f] room fireat H ? Hall, and when the hands of the clock showed Us that a brief half-hour was all that was left of the Old Year, there came a pause, every one preferring his own thoughts to conversa tion. Not everyone, though, for Charlie Selwyn sat for five minutes with a very depressed nn/1 tkan kiifet tnifVi ? ' I wish some of you fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of corpses. If I put out the lights perhaps this would'nt be a bad time for a ghost talk,' and suiting the action to the words, he jumped up and extinguished all the candles, and then went on : ' I'm sure some of you are think ing about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among them all his life by the look of his face ; and, besides, he has on that horrid opal ring, which I hate, and which . is glittering now as if it sheltered within it a devil or a ghost ' ' Would you like to hear its story ? ' said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint smile; 'it includes a ghost, so perhaps it won't be too tame even for Charlie.' ' Let's light some brandy and make a green light, said Selwyn, ' I'm sure it would add greatly to the effect.' ' No, no, Selwyn,' put in Captain Russell, ' I think we can dispense with' the brandy, n ? j ? ? ? :n ? I aula i. 111 auic vjuiuuns &iuiy; win uc guusuy enough without that.' ' Well, then, begin' answered Charlie, and if you don't make everyone's flesh creep, I'll tell you a ghost tale myself afterwards, and then I shall insist on having the green light,' 1 ' I daresay you know,' began Gordon, ' that I am a relation of Sir Gordon, at least our fathers were cousins, but he has always been much more like a brother to me.' ' Never heard of it before,' put in Charlie. ' It has sent you up ever so much in my esti mation, now, to think that yon are third cousin and like a brother to a Sir, and I should'nt mind lending you five pounds any day ; that is to say if I'd got it.' ' Selwyn,' said Major Roberts, ' if you in terrupt any more, I shall be compelled to put you out of the room, — which had the effect of silencing Charlie, and Gordon went on — ' George Gordon has always been exceed ingly kind to me, and up to this time I have always spent Christmas with him, but that is all over now and he is living in England. ' You don't mean to say you've quarreled with him, have you ? ' said Selwyn. ' I'd never quarrel with my third cousin if he were a Sir, and if you have done such a foolish thing as that you will go down in my estima tion directly.' The Major held up a warning finger and Charlie let Gordon continue. ' Last Ghristmas I visited ' The Elms ' for the first time, my cousin having always spent his Christmas up till then at his city villa, and as this was his first Christmas there, he had an immense houseful of guests. When I arrived, his sister Clarice — for I forgot to ' say that George is a bachelor — met me in the hall and with an anxious countenance told me that as all the other rooms were full, I and a few others would have to sleep in the j north wing.' ' But as there will be several of i you, 1 daresay you will not be afraid,' she | said, and I assured her that I had not the least objection to the north wing, and that in fact that I preferred it — which sent her off to greet some Ircsh arrivals looking a good deal eased. 'An old man servant showed me upstairs, and after traversing about a good many stair cases and passages we arrived at the north wing, which was, as I knew before, nothing more nor less than the original building, and said to be very old. This anyone would readily believe who saw the massive beams and queerly-carved panels, the figures on which were supposed to represent angels or dogs, but I don't know which, although I have been told, for no one could readily make out a likeness to either. ' Why don't poople like sleeping in these rooms, Thomas ? ' I asked. It seems to be the most comfortable place I've ever seen.' ' Well sir,' answered Thomas, ' I don't think there is much against the room except that poor Lady Dorothy was kept here, but I'm sure I don't know anything about Lady Dorothy except that she was mad, and she escaped and got drowned in the river ; but shall I send someone to unpack for you, sir ? As you see, I'm obliged to put every gentle an into his room as those other servants haven't lived here long and don't understand the ways of the house.' And with this Ik left me, but returned again about half-an-houi before dinner, and it was a very good tiling he did, for I had found the sofa so comfort able that I was fast asleep and Thomas had some difficulty in arousing me. ' For the next fortnight we were very hard worked, for it is no easy task keeping thirty people amused in the heat of the country at such a time, but luckily the cool southerly wind held out till nearly everyone was gone, so that with lawn- tennis and cricketing in the morning, and concerts and theatricals in the evening, I think we managed to keep things lively. ' At the end of the fortnight, when every one except myself and a few other relations had gone away, Clarice asked me if I would care to change my room, but I told her that I very preferred my own and would rather stay there, whereupon she said she would be very glad if I had sent away the ghosts and made the rooms habitable again. ' for,' she continued, ' the servants all say if anyone slept there fourteen nights running the ghosts would never come back again.' 'Well,' 1 answered, 'I've slept thirteen nights and I intend to sleep there the four teenth, so 'it is a bad look out for the ghosts.' 'That was New Year's Eve, and it was very much such weather as this, except that a strong southerly wind blew all day. . ' We were were all rather dull that evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterics, which did not surprise us much after all the fatigues or the last fortnight ; so at eleven o clock we separated and went to our own rooms, and for the first time I thought mine rather ghostly, so I made up a fire and settled my self on the old-fashioned sofa beside it, not feeling very much inclined for the funereal bedstead, and began to read. But somehow or other the book did not seem to interest me much, and after a while I gradually fell into a half slumber which must have lasted quite two hours, as, when I woke, one candle alone was flickering in its socket and the only light came from the fire, which, although it was very low, I did not feel inclined to dis turb myself to make up, especially as I had that peculiar feeling that someone else was in the room. Accordingly I determined to let it go out and try and go to sleep. But it was no good ; try as much as I would I could not help keeping awake and as the room was by this time almost in darkness, I seized the poker and knocked the fire together, and at last suc ceeded in getting a small blaze. ' When I looked up I was astonished to see a figure in the room. After a while it turned and came nearer the fire. As it ap proached me I saw that it was a lady dressed in an old-fashioned costume, and having on her hand this ring, which sparkled and sent forth bright red rays all over the room. Pre sently she came came quite close to me, and among other things which I' must not reveal she implored me to wear this ring as long as I lived, ' For unless some one will put this ring on his finger, never to take it off in his life, I shall have no rest. I will corne and claim it at your death,' she said. ' I took the ring and promised, whereupon she disappeared through one of the panels, and I re membered no more until I , woke in broad daylight, wfym I found old Thomas st:Jiding beside me and looking dreadfully pale and frightend, but he seemed greatly relieved upon my assuring him that I was all right, so I sent him to fetch George, and when he came I told him everything. When I pointed out the panel through which the lady had vanished, he crossed the room and to our surprised it opened readily when he touched it, and re vealed a small recess in which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin slippers which I instantly recognised as those the lady had worn. ' But what about the ring, Clifford ?' he asked, and I held out my hand and showed him, but the opal was now as pale and lustreless, as a piece of corne lian. 'George turned pale. 'She always ap pears before a death,' he muttered, and then left the room, asking me to join him in the picture gallery as soon as I was dressed. In a few minutes I went and found him stand_ 'THE ELMS'-— North Wing. ing before a small portrait, which I at once recognised as my visitor of the r.ight before, and on her finger gleamed the opal ring. ' 1 1 may as well tell you all I know about her,' said George. ' She was the wife of some relative of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter a traveller came and asked for their hospitality ,as his horse could go no further. He turned out to be a p.iinter, and Lady Dorothy insist'! 011 his painting this portrait of her, which he did, and in the meantime gained her affections to sucb a degree that a qu.mel beca'me the result, and her husband received severe injuries and died. What !iap,)c:in:d to the painter no one ever knew, but poor Lady I ) -rothy went mad, and was kept in your room in the north wing, from which she escaped one New Year's Eve, and drowned herself in the river.' ' At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming Miss Ciarice! poor Miss Clarice ! I knew something would hap pen,' and half dragged us off to Clarice's room, where we found my poor cousin quite devoid of reason. ' ' I saw her, I saw her,' she kept repeat ing, 'she came through there, and I saw her.' ' Inexpressibly shocked I hurried from the room and sent for a doctor. Bnt it was no use. Poor Clarice never recovered her reason, and a month afterwards 1 heard of her death. ' When we examined the recess in my room, we found a secret staircase and door into Clarice's room, and on one of these stairs an old cambric handkerchief and a shawl, which, it is supposed, Lady Dorothy dropped in her hasty flight. ' George shut up the house and has lived in New Zealand ever since. I am told he looks quite an old man and has white hair, but I have never seen him since that terrible day.' When Gordon finished a deep silence pre vailed, and it was not broken till we heard the church bells ringing in the New Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many shaking of hands and good wishes exchanged by all of us except Gor don, who had slipped out, unperceived in the general movement. ' Funny thing,' mused Charlie ; ' I wonder if it's true ; must be, though, since he's got the ring. 1 always knew there was some thing connected with that opal ; it glitters so much, and to-night it was quite re'd.' We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in the morning, he brought a few lines hastily pencilled from Gordon, telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I explain mat ters to our host. * * * * * * Ten years is a long space of time, but for so long I had neither heard nor seen any thing of Gordon. I had left the Permanent Artillery in which Charlie Selwyn was now major, and settled down in a very comfort able place that an uncle had opportunely left me ; and I had just invited a lot of people for a Christmas and New Year's visit when some not very pleasant business obliged me to countermand all ,tny invitations and go to Victoria. The Mains seern to think that twelve miles an hour a teriffic speed, and the hotels, that in winter, are always lively, are quite the .reverse'- in. summer. . I had finished everything, and was hoping to get home in time to see- the New Year in'; but I was doomed to disappointment, and after the trains had been getting slower and slower, on New Year's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter came and politely told me I must get out, as the train did not intend lo go any further ' ' But where the deuce is this,' I asked, looking about me in despair and seeing noth ing but the Murray River and a few houses on its banks, which at this point are most in teresting. I soon learned it was Albury, and that the only place at which I should be likely to get rooms was the Imperial Hotel, which the Dorter kindly offered to show ms. Could I have rooms? Yes, certainly have rooms and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing me into a private sitting room. And should they take hot water up stairs, and what should I like for dinner ? This sounded comforting, and it proved ?-o tuo, for after having had a bath and an ex cellent dinner, I felt , better than I had done since I left Sydney. I was not long alone. The proprietor evidently thought he might as well come and converse with me, and he likewise gave me his views on the politics of the day. ' How many visitors have you ? ' I asked. 'Only a German lady -and her daughter who occupy a sitting-room upstairs,' lie answered, ' but if you wish sir, I will ask them come and talk.' ' Not at all thank you,' I answered hastily, the idea of having to converse with two Ger man ladies being too much for me. ' But I meant gentlemen, you have no one else here I suppose ? ' The landlord's face grew' grave. ' Yes, we have one gentleman here,' he said, but he will be gone be ore the morning.' ' How do you mean ? ' I asked ; where is he going to ? ' 'Home,' he answered simply. He is dying ; peiluipsyou would like to see him ?' I did not much like the thought, but- it seemed to be such an awful thing to die, away from everyone in a strange place, with no friends to say good-bye to, so I consented, and the landlord took me upstairs and showed me into a room, where round a bed stood a doctor and two nurses, watching their patient, for there was nothing else now to do. I went softly up to the bed and looked at the dying man, whose face was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay upon the counterpane. On it glittered an. opal ring. ' Anderson,' said a voice, and as he raised his head I recognised Clifton Gordon. ' Ask litem to leave us for a few minutes,' he said. 1 They can do no good now.' I turned to the landlord and told him that this was an old friend of mine, and that he wished to speak to me alone, whereupon he bundled the doctor and the others out of the room and left us. ' Anderson,' Gordon began, ' do you re member this time ten years ago and my tell ing you about Lady Dorothy ? Well I have seen her again; she came last night, and I think she will come again lor the ring.' ' I hope not,' I answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. ' I did not tell you all,' he said ; ' only a little. I liavt} always been afraid lest I should go mad like pooi Clarice, but I am not afraid now. Are those the bells ringing in the New Year? Will you open the window a little, I should like to hear them for the last time. Do you think you could raise me slightly ?' I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some while, and then Gordon said : — 1 ' The New Year has come now, l.as it not. And Lady Dorothy-—.' . He stopped, turned pale, and closed his eyes. I seized hold oi the bell- pull, but it would not act. When I looked at his hand' the ring was gone. ? He \w.s dead I 