WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. ' No, I do not bel'cve in ghosts,' said an old lady of great experience, ' but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.' This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to Knocir on a portion or the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our acMon^. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition — tbe wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we cime to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not alwajs that which guides iato the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in wnat they sea ; the ' evidence of things not seen ' is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; he cues little what medical method is employed if itcuiog. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt; the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medi cation. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1890:— ' During the past 16 years I have been aidng periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint beaame more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in tbe back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of tbe kidneys and liver would bring abcut a more serious disease. Finally I tr^ed the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any ameliora tion in my condition. The ute of tcis medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure.' Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale-strcefc, Melbourne, sayB : — ' 30th October, 1890— For some years I have been suffering frcn frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearible pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. la addition I was affl cted with con gestion of the liver nnd jeriodieol headaches of a severe na'.ure. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottle1, when the acute puina in the light side, cauied by the congestion of tre liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action ' The death is announced of M. Meissonier, the eminent French painter. Thk Earl of Jersey visited Goulbu»n on Thurs day, and, after inspecting the two cathedrals and Ball's foundry, opened a Scotch fair and fancy bazaar in connection with the Presbyterian Trinity Church. A report from Cudal uays :—We uhall ha,ve a splendid season in this district. There have been rains every week, and grass and water are plentiful, Stock is in good condition, and there are no diseases in the maize cropp, which promise good yields. The wbeit is all harvested and tbresutd, and will yield up to 25 bushels per acre ; the average will be about 13 bushele. The local price is 3s 3d. Young grasshoppers are hatching in millions. 