Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRO." The Arithmetic Fiend who has favoured the public with the metrology of the membership of the National Convention now met at Sydney has only half completed his task. If he meant to impress the world with their dimensions and weight he should have carried his calculations a step further. Of course we feel deeply touched when we are informed that the " average height of the thirty-seven delegates is sft. 11 5/Gin.," but how much more profoundly would the world have been impressed by tbe intelligence that if the delegates were placed end to end perpen dicularly, the convention would reach the enor mous height of 221<|tt.! Doubtless it lends addi tional gravity to the question of federation to be told that the average weight of the thirty-seven constitution-framers is 13st. 131b., but how much greater would have been the shock of impact if this bolt from the blue had reached us in the collective bulk of 3£ tons of delegate ! That four of the representatives weigh respectively 18st. 71b., 18st., 17st. 101b., and 17st. 31b., is a faot that is positively gorged with significance. But how much more exoiting is the aspect of it whioh the Fiend seems to have missed—that these four weigh exactly 10001b.! That is the aspect, be sure, that History will take note of. I see the sentences already written. " Out of the thirty-seven remarkable men," says History, " who assembled at Sydney to shape the destiny of the new Dominion, a single quar tette weighed 10001b. Such were the men of old!" The Fiend has made another mistake, too. As conferences, conventions, Ac, are largely made up of banquets, picnios, and other varieties of feasting, he should have postponed taking the weight of the delegates till the convention is over. Edmund Gosse, one of the highly cultured pigmies—produotsof an age of criticism—who now occupy, but do not fill, the plaoe of the old giants of literature, has pronounced the doom of the existing species of poetry. " The Social Revolution" will have done with them. Its poetry " will be democratic, and that to a degree at present unimaginable." " The aristocratic tradition," he says, " is still para mount in art. Kings, princesses, and the symbols of chivalry are as essential to poetry, as we now conceive it* as roses, stars, or nightingales. . . . It is difficult to under stand what will be left if this romantic phraseology is destroyed, but it is still more difficult to believe that it can survive a complete social revolution." It is difficult to understand what will be left, but still one may throw out a reasonable conjecture, since we already know a good deal of the vocabulary of the Social Revolution. We may take for granted that what is described in the language of chivalry as "a recreant knight" will in the poetry of the future be simply designated " a blackleg." If the poetry of the future has occasion to describe a Sir Modred; he that like a subtlo beast Lay couchant with his eyes upon the throne, Ready to spring, waiting a elutnee, it will stingiugly condense this into three words, —" Modred the scab." Where there is occasion to describe the future analogue of the good knight-errant, the characterisation will probably run somewhat thus— A worthy shearer, temperate, truthful, just, Who always took the belly-wool off fust. Probably, even when the ballot is sole sovereign, some of the old monarchical party will be retained, but with improvements, as thus—■ There's snob divinity doth hedge tbe Box, That treason oan but peep at what it would. Or thus—■ A horse I My labour-ticket for a borse I I suppose that even the Prince of Darkness will appear in democratic poetry as the Score- tary of a Council, and the King of Terrors as the President of a Federation. But enough. If that is going to be the Bort of thing, Burely, surely, so far as poetry is concerned, '* the old is better." It is of the essenoe of the Georgian argtt* ment that, whatever he the capabilities of the land, they will be more surely developed and tamed to account by an all-supervising State than if allowed to remain at the disposition of a private owner. Be that idea right or wrong, it at all events furnishes an intelligible reason for reserving as muoh land as possible in the hands of the State. Bat that can hardly be brought forward as the motive for the reserva tion proposed .to be made of certain land at Bright, Victoria. It appears that in that town ship there is a small allotment at which an eoho from the adjacent mountain is heard with peculiar distinctness, and the Victorian Conser vator of Forests is, on that account, taking steps to have that allotment declared publio property for ever. It is very dirfioult to see how the State is likely to improve or develop that eoho any more than a private person would. It is very difficult to see how, if that echo got into private hands, those private hands, in endeavouring to turn it to account, could in any way interfere with the "heritage of our children" in that echo. Surely the eoho will remain in equal force whether it be a State eoho or a private echo. On the other hand, if it is intended to preserve that allotment solely for echoing purposes, and to prevent anyone build ing on or otherwise utilising it lest the eoho should be deteriorated or destroyed, surely this is preferring sound to sense, shadow to sub stance. I think we might very well leave posterity to make its own echoes. Depend upon it, if they care about them they will have phono-something-or-others for making eohoes wherever they please. But apart from that reflection, I doubt if the most extreme collecti vist ever dreamed that even the all-owning State would claim possession of the eohoes of 4he country. We have all of us heard of—probably some of us have even read—" The Loves of the Angels." A smaller number of us are aware that there is, or has been, suoh a thing as " The Loves of the Triangles.' All opera-goers are aware that a magnet has been known to fall in love with a silver churn. But I think it will be quite new to most of the readers of this paragraph that a grape should become enamoured of a tomato. And yet suoh is the story told oa the authority of the Western Mail, a Welsh paper, apparently, about a grape and a tomato growing in the conservatory of an ex-mayor of Carmarthen. This particular grape is located about a couple of feet from the tomato, with which it has fallen in love, and the manner in which it exhibits its mute passion is by assimilating itself to the shape of the tomato, and persevering in so doing until it has become the exact picture of it in every thing but size and colour, " every line of inden tation, down to the little oavity on the end furthest from the stem, being faithfully oopied." This is true love indeed—self-abandonment carried to such a degree as to lead as near as possible to identification with the beloved object. Who shall say now that the citizens of the, vegetable kingdom are not subjeot to like passions as we are, and even in oertain instances to a greater extent? It has been frequently noted that when wedded couples have lived many years together there is a tendency for one to become like the other. What it takes years of loving intimacy to accomplish in the case of human beings happened in a few short weeks in the case of this poor grape. She—l say " she" for the grape, beoause the tomato was evidently the Tom—leaped almost at onoe to the realisation of the potencies of love. But what a hard-hearted ex-mayor this must have been to have seen this going on for weeks, and still have kept them 2ft. apart! Who knows what might have happened if he had just assisted Nature a little bit ? Wine is bad for the liver, and tomato juioe is good for it; but what a fruit that would be whioh combined both bane and antidote ? Another determined attempt is being made to introduce the twenty-four hour notation for the measurement of the day. As usual, excel lent scientific reasons are given for the proposed ohange, and abundant testimony in its favour collected from the quarters where it iias already been introduced. But these ruthless men of science take little note of the setti mcntal aspect of things, nor are thoy apt to look at things from a family point of view. *. number of us would feel bereaved of a great many familiar associations if 12 o'olook at night were done away with. I know it wouh\ take a long time before I could recognisr 24 as "the witching hour." Then, again, the proposed change will put a new weapon in the hands of our wives, or at all events give added weight and force to an old one. If they were able to smite our consciences by flinging " past 12" at us when we returned from " the lodge," however shall we stand up before them when they assail us with " past 24 ?" I doubt if the Society of Psychical Researoh will support the movement. Half their occupation would be gone if it succeeded. It is at the stroke of 12 that churchyards yawn and ghosts begin to walk. Ghosts are essentially conservative, and I should think that any average ghost who Bhould pop hit head out at the stroke of 12 would draw it in again in alarmed disgust at the first sound beyond the regulation dozen. But what is the use of remonstrance? Science, utility, con venience will have their way. All tho same it adds a fresh terror, as well as a kind of new outlandish character, to death to think that one's demise may take place at, say, half-past 23. 