RUNNING DOWN A GHOST. Told bt a Detective. When I was a lad of seventeen I was office boy for Pinkerfon's Phila delphia Detective Agency, and was just wild, of course, to be sent out on a case. Every time tlie captain got a new case 1 would slide up to him and say, " Cap'n, you'd better let me go out on that," and be would answer, with a quizzical grin, "Jvot this time, Harry. Wait till the next case." Along in December of that year there was a great rush of business at our office. We had fifteen detectives, all old, experienced hands, and they were on duty night and day. We could not handle ail the business that was coining in, and the captain was wishing we had some more men. I remember as well as can be, sitting m my chair by the door, and the captain calling out in fun from hie private office, " I guees we'll have to let you take the next case, Harry." Hardly had he said the words when the door opened, and a raw old country man entered. He proved to be Joe Baylie. a Montgomery county justice of the peace, aud £9 wanted the captain to send a man down with him to attend to a ghoBt who was cutting didoes at Fort Washington. The captain told him be would send a man down as soon as he had one at bis disposal. The old fellow left, and I jumped to my feet. " Captain," I eaid, " send me on that case." The captain leaned back in his chair and looked at me hard. " See, bere, Harry," he said, " suppose I were to seed you, what would jou do ?" I outlined an elaborate plan of campaign against the ghoBt. He let me finish, and then said— " Now, I'll let you go and try your hand. Don't make a fool of yourself. If you can see the ghost and think you can haudle it, lie low and follow it and see who it is." The captain gave me money, and away 1 went. I felt pretty brave, for it was bright daylight then, but there were times when I wished my self well out of the thing. I got to Fort Washington about three o'clock, and I inquired the way to the haunted house from the station agent. I found it on a hill about half a mile from town, and looked it over with interest and apprehension. It was an old white-frame mansion, standing in park-like grounds, with plenty of out houses about it. About dusk I Btole down to the deserted house, and it was dark when I got there. J slid along the wall to the outhouse, crept cautiously in, and shut the door again. Hardly had I shut the door when I knew that there was some other person in that out house. I felt sure that there was somebody close to my elbow. I was trembling like a leaf, but 1 managed to pull a match from my pocket and strike it. I held it up. It showed me a big. white muffled figure not two feet away. Then the match went out. WasI scared ? Well, now, I should say so. I shut my eyes and grabbed for the ghost. I was so frightened I seemed to lose consciousness for a moment, but grabbed something and held on. When the first shock passed 1 felt the ghost tugging and pulling to get away from me. It seemed as badly frightened as I was, and its hands were soft and warm. "Don't hurt me," i$ said, in a terrified voice. I had no voice to reply with. I was choking; but I pulled my captive out on the lawn, ana looked at it in the moonlight. The sheet that had been muffled about the figure fell to the ground—a pretty girl of fifteen was disclosed. I was in cold perspira tion, and shaking as if recovering from a shock of electricity ; but when I saw that I had caught a real genuine flesh and blood girl and no ghoBt, I began to feel better, and was pre sently able to talk. | " Who are you ?" I asked. " Jenny Baylis." " What! The daughter of Joe i Baylis?" " Yes, sir." " What are you doing this for ?" The girl began to cry. She said she had not mernt any harm. She and her sister had played ghost just to have some fun. Her sister was usually with her, but did not come this ni^ht, as she was too busy. She had heard from her father that a detective was coming to catch the ghost, but thought he was not due for a month or two and resolved to make one last appear ance, and then give up the performance till things calmed down. " Who are you ?" she asked. " I'm the detective," I said. She looked me over in evident awe and consternation, tinged with some surprise on account of my age. " What are you going to do with me ?" " I shall have to expose you." The girl cried a^ain, and begged to be released and allowed to go home, but that did not suit me at all. I said she was my prisoner, and as such I must deliver her up to the authorities, and after a great deal of waiting she suggested that I had better give her up to her own father. I agreed to that, aud, picking up her sheet, I held her arm and took her with me to her father's house, about a mile distant. When we got to the farmhouse where Jenny lived it was 9.30 o'clock. Everybody was in bed and the lights were all out, but I boldly knocked at the door. A window opeued, and a man's voice said— 4< Who's there ?" Me." " Who's me ?" " The detective." " You re rather late. Wliy did you not wait till to-morrow ? .Bettor come around and see me in the morning." " I want to see you now. I have the ghost." At this the window was shut with a bang, and I heard hurried footsteps on the stairs. The door opened, and old Baylis stood in the doorway. " You, Jenny ?" he asked at length. " Yes, father." said Jenny, very humbly. Old Baylis sighed and said, " Come ill." He went for the neighbors immedi ately. I don't know what was said at that meeting, for I was not admitted at it; but old Baylis gave me a letter to the captain, and packed me off on the midnight train. Next morning I reached the office early, and found all the men present, waiting for the captain to det- iil them. The men grinned at me, and passed the time of day pleasantly enough. They all knew where I bad been, and anticipated a wonderful tale of distress and defeat, which they were ready to laugh at] although I was a favorite with them,' having done many a piece of extra wort for every men there. " I thought I gent you to Port Washington, Harry?" said the cap tain. " YeB, sir." " Made an ass of yourself, I sup pose?" F " There's a letter, sir." While the captain read the letter the men guyed me. " This is a very nice letter, Harry," said the captain. " Boys, the young ster captured the ghost." " Did he ?" eaid the men. "Yes, sir; he did. The boy ia a credit to us, and then the captain read the letter of the select man out aloud. At every sentence I grew a foot. " WielJ, now, how did you do it ?" several inquired. I told the story, and you can be sure I did not refrain from giving my self plenty of credit. My tale was very highly coldred. When it was concluded, Xjong Jini Jjaugdon drawled out— " Harry, tell me the honest truth. Was you frightened when the match went out ?" " No, of course not 1" said I. But I was frightened three years later when I asked the ghoBt to marry me, and thought she was going to say no. However, she didn't. THIS PLAGUE OP INDIGESTION " Though the essential nature of man that which is born in him—cannot bo changed by food, temporary, irritable, and Uleosiaitioned mental and bodily states are easily produced by errors in eating and drmking. The biliousness of despotic jnonarchs has coat many a slave his head, and the destination of a nation has been modified by the dyspepsia of its statesman. It the remote as well as the immediate effects of indigestion be traced out, it will be found to have cauegd a greater sum of misery than plagues, famines, or earth quakes. Sage, trite maxims for both the and prevention of dyspepsia are ; plentiful, but good results, whether from .egitimate or quack nostrums, are rare " The immense sale of Cross's Indigestion Drops is a proof of its superiority over every other remedy for curing indigestion. The doctors state that nearly all diseases arose from indigestion. A medical, man in sending for some Indigestion Drops for his practice, "writes th&t; it is a good euro for indigestion and all diseases of the digestive organs. This is an open and honest admission to the great virtue of mv Indigestion Drops. Bead this testimonial which has never been published before. Mr. Jeffrey Bruer, Adelaide, writes.—"Sir It gives m» great pleasure in being able to bear testimony as to the value of your Drops as a cure for any form of indigestion. I bare suffered severely upon several occa sions, but am now altogether free from any symptoms, having found immediate relief and ultimate cure. I have recommended your Indigestion Drops to others, who have j since confirmed my remarks/' There are i thousands suffering, and the cure is within j their grasp Then, why suffer? Bead j J; N- Eichards writes—"I have just heard of a remarkable cure of indiges tion by your Drops. A man who was , Buttering extreme pain in the stomach ai w meals, went to Dr. Q„ of Adelaide, who told nun he had ulceration of the bowels, and would not live very long. Not being satisfied, he went to Dr. P., who told him he was victim to indigestion, and gave him . Medicine. No good resulting, he went to ; the lata Dr. G., who confirmed the last doctor's diagnosis, but with a like fruitless attempt to give the patient relief. One day, however, the man was so bad that he matched up a bottle of your Indigestion Drops and drank soma; the pain immediately left him, and the man now flies to the same remedy dircctly he feels the slightest symptoms of his old complaint. CroBs's Indigestion Drops will cure indiges tion, Be not mislead, but try them. Sold by allfdealers in medicine, price, 2s. 6d. If your chemist or storekeeper do not keep any of my articles go to others, and if they evince no desire to procure them write direct. AH orders sent direct to the manufac tory must be accompanied by post-office order or stamps. Chabi.es Cboss, pharma ceutical chemist, Gawler,South Australia. 