SPORTING MEMS. ? o ? [By 'The Demon.'! I have become the possessor of a ' pup.' George Saville has sent me a natty young scion of the race, ' pointer,' but, so far, my experience of the pup's advent is not satisfactory. The ' male juvenile, so generously presented me by Mr. Saville, does, like his forefathers, create consternation in THE ' DEMON'S ' SOLITUDE. My better half, and .' ruler ' of the ' Demon's ' retreat spoils the pup. Me yowls, barks and worrys through more cadenzas than Sir Charles Halle and Madame Neruda could accomplish in an Australian tour. This new addition to our family causes more than ordinary family jars. For instance, I find my concert slippers victimised by the pup, the sofa cushions are made to repre sent a freetrade and protectionist battle, and the boss of the house, the ' old torn cat,' when disputing as to the probabilities of ' Jupp ' Gardiner and Frank. Cotton, lets fly, and skin and hair are about. Moral : Never keep a juvenile pointer pup in the same house as a domesticated ' old torn.' I am sure my old and respected friend Paddy McLaughlin, who does good work at Mr. Slack's, will pardon me when I retail a conversation I had with him on Thursday morning last, as to the proba bilities of the match, ORANGE V. BATHURST. Pat said, il Demon, Bathurst will win ; they will play a better garao -than Orange.' And so it proved. I have watched the contests between Bathurst and Our Boys for some years past, and I have come to the conclusion that any match between our senior rival clubs will, at any time, be exceedingly interesting. I saw Billy Davis last night with his arm in a sling over the contest, and am pleased to find that, altho' there are serious bruises to Billy's shoulder, there's nothing broken. I am glad to chronicle this, for Billy is a fair and enthusiastic kicker, and we can't afford to let him go out of the field just yet. I hear that ' Bud '- — (one or two d's ?) — played splendidly in Thursday's match. Dick Yates, of Tarana, a good judge of bud-ding athletes, told me a short time since, that he could make Mr. Suttor the smartest amateur in the west. Of course there were the usual conditions to be fulfiled, but when I give such an expression from the cutest man in sport in the west, I may be pardoned for giving my young friend ' Bud ' the ' kudos ' to which he is entitled. The owner of Bungebah, it is said, contemplates taking the champion sprin ter to England. Bungebah is said to be perfectly sound and able to stand a pilgrimage. May the owner of the crack take him home and succeed ! Arrogant, hailing from a Bathnrst stable, won a Selling Race last week in metropolitan quarters. I don't suppose any down country man espoused Arro gant's cause, but as the western repre sentative won even a Selling Race, I have the ' arrogance ' to crow over the victory. ♦ In the midst of football we must not forget that the British Lion, in the shape of the ' grandest combination of cricketers that ever left the old country for Australia,' will shortly be amongst us. I notice that Lord Sheffield is adding to his already formidable team by procuring the services of the next best in England.. Now, I fancy when the real team starts it will he found that the visitors will be represented by thirteen players, and those who will visit Australia will be W. G. Grace, A. E. Stoddart, E. McGregor, D. G. Rad cliffe (gentlemen), and Lohmann, Briggs, Peel, Attwell, Maurice Read, Sharp, Chatterdon, Sugg and Abel. I prog nosticate that the visitors will have AN EASY TIME OF IT in defeating my countrymen next season. Our batsmen are promising, but we have no bowlers like the Englishmen, save Charley Turner, and he will have to do a lot of work, even if permitted, to get himself into anything like condition. The only chance Australians have against the invaders is to combine, and I venture to say that if a combination, say of G. Giffen, W; Giffen, Lyons and Jarvis of South Australia ; Phillips, Dr. Barrett, Blackham, McLeod, of Victoria ; Moses, C. Turner, A. Ban nerman, and Iredale, of New South Wales, were to meet the Englishmen, the game would be unusually interesting. I fancy that Lord Sheffield's team will have to confine their play to the prin cipal Australian cities, as ho country twenty-twos would have the ghost of a show with them. I am glad to know that our present duly constituted Eight-Hours' Demon stration Committee are desirous of going out of the old ' Sheffield Handicap ' groove to provide sport for THE TRYBTING DAY. It is a pity ? that good running, both professional and amateur, should be dying such unaccountable deaths in Bathurst ; but those who are responsible for the downfall of this once popular sport in pedestrianism must take the flattering unction to their souls that crooked performances have disgusted the public, who will have no more of it. It's a very sore subject this, but is there a man in the Western district who can gainsay this, that running swindles have been so frequont that no one cares a rap about pedestrianism ? So far as THE RECENT AQUATIC CHAFIONBHIP CONTEST on the Parramatto river is concerned, Stanbnry must be the acknowledged champion. According to the newspaper reports the reduced conrso was accom plished in very fast time, but not so much as to take one jot or tittle off tho grand time accomplished by the New Zealander, Sullivan. I presume that the latter will have a slap at Stanbury, but would it not be better for the honor of New South Walos pro fessional oarsmen, that McLean, Stanbury and Sullivan should be sent to America as an Australian trio to represent the Cornstalks against tho Yanks, My mite is ready for the venture-,, 