Heywood. (rox oUR Ow CORRse5PONDIrT.) March 21, Yesterday the Bight Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, visited this township and confirmed about 60 persons, the majority of whom were young people. Dr. Moore arrived from. Portland at 10.30 a.m., and after mass, which was celebrated by the Rev. J. O'Donoghue, the Bishop addressed the' eandidates for oonfirmation, pointing out the importance of the Sacrament, which was one of those that could not be received a second time and one which it was most necessary to receive worthily. The graces :eeived were the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. The Sacrament was then administered, and afterwards the Bishop gave those present some sound advice as to their future life, specially impressing upon them the necessity of avoiding evil company. He also complimented the people of the dis trict for the manner in which they had attended the mission condoucted by the Rlev. Father O'Farrell, to whom they were very much indebted, and seggestel that at the close they should one and all enrol themselves as members of the Holy League of the Cross, which is, I understand, a total abstineLoe society connected with the church. Already about fifty thousand people in Victoria had be come members of the Society, and although some people present might consider they did not require a pledge, still they should join for the sake of example to others. He would gladly stay in Heywood for Sunday, but it was customary for every Bishop to be in his own Cathedral on Palm Sunday, so be couid not remain. The mission services in the church during the past week Lave been largely attended and will be brought to a close on Sunday evening. An Electoral Revision Court was held here yesterday, Mr. B. E. Johns, P.M., being on the Bench. The general lists for the Ds,tmoor Division of the Electoral District of Portland were first submitted by Mr. F. Ullithorne, and there being no objectinns, were certified to as correct. The Ratepayers' List for the same division of the same distnct was also produced, revised and allowed. This concluded the business, the Court baving been open for three minutes. Mr. J. B. Woods, pursuant to adver. tisement, to.day submitted to publio com. petition, under instructions from Mr. P. Alday, two acres of land and sawmill fix ings; also, bullock waggoo, jinker, bogies, &o.; There'was a very good attendance, representatives from nearly all the neigh. boring sawmills being present. The whole of the plant, including the land, was first offered, the terms being £60 cash, the machinery to be paid for by £20 bills due every three months, and bear. ing interest at the rate of 10 per cent. There was no offer, The land was then put up with the woodwork and started at £50. After a good deal of delay the bidding reaohed £110, at which figure it was passed in for private sale. The maohinery was then offered but did not elicit a bid. Log waggon, nearly new, was passed in at £25. Log jinker, no bid ; bogie, no bid; 270 feetrope, 158, sold; three chains, £112s 6d, sold to Mr. Bannam. There was no bid for the office, and £31 was offered but not aooepted for six working bullo.s. In talking about the prospects of a sawmill in the township three or four gentlemen who pretty well understand the business evolved the idea of forming a company to purchase the plant referred to in the foregoing paragraph. They practically agreed to do this, and 1 under. stand steps will be taken to carry out the idea in time to have the concern worlang next summer. The right man is at the helm and no doubt a strong company wll be formed ,as a very large number of shares would be taken up by people in the immediate distriot who would recog nise the value of supporting an industry which gives so much labor, and which also would pay a good percentage on investment. CERTrINLY the best medicine known is SANDER and SONs' EUCALYPTi EXTRACTn . Teat its eminent powerful effects in coughs. colds, intluenza ; the relief is inAltantancous. In serious cascs, and accident' of all kindsbe they wound, burns, scaldinFs bruises, sprains, it is the safet remcly-co swelhlng- no in. flammation. Like ,urprising effects produced in cUp, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation o the lngs, swellines, k&-.. tiiarlila, dysentry, disca?es eof the kidneys and nrinary organs. In u ns at h pitals an?d medical clinics all over the globe; patroanised by Il's •Mjesty the King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Am'tenrdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject all other. 