: y . ijnlt i.£660MS, 4IY AEAItS I — — ; — a-v. . A familiar figure oftiie present day is the pale faoed, - lanky, all-shoulder- and- elbow sohoolgirl, jttsfc enteringher teens. Her' frocks are m av ohronte atirieof requiring new 44 false hems'— the modem Substitute for the taoks to be- Ipt'down, whioh were the bane ofthe last'gflaeirittoa— - atwl between h» faihtly-dtftderMMe ' waist -and obtrusive waistband there exists! k fast andhoplem gcdf. She is tolerably rnbeto lave cold feet and hands. Bhe/almost la- ' variably runs to a pink nose, :f;n0t1» pink eyelids. Usually, she is rather silent. If not haunted by the > . "ghosts of jOBSons past, she is brooding ove&the.; coining shadows of Lessona 'to-come ; if not chewing the cud of good or- hied-; already received, she pondbrtr deeply over what of these the future mayhave instoro. Away from the desk of the piano she has no : real existence. ; " Moreover, as her mind seldom . wanders outside the narrow precincts which bound . her own little world, she is— unless pos sessed of an exceptionally foniibteoharacter — still less of a listener than a talker. See her at the luncheon table,' ! bf inktanoe. At luncheon she apjuni ; it if hertiitftfer, -and too often herotte solid meal 'in but it is . not honest hunger—would it Were t . —which, prevents her . anything worthy of her attention in the conversa tion held by her Riders. We will suppose — it is rather a wild -supposition, but sifl. it does sometimes happen that the luncheon table is the centre of really interesting talk on notable topics— we willsnppototiisSt it has chanced to become So on an occasion ; does our solemn- visaged- little wiseacre pfcy any heed to what is being said? Not a bit ot her. It is not her business. She has hot been given that con vernation. 'to lekrn ; aud she is at <lidly averse towards acquiring knowledge in any other "'form than through the legitimate -channel of her daily tanks. Those she has got to worry through, and that is enough for her. Enough ? It is a vast deal too much, and that is the simple truth about the matter. The poor little head and brain are already fully charged to the brim— the intelligence as it were met and provided for. The girl is being 4 taught" everything, and nothing is left for her to learn of herself. Is it likely that she can manifest tbe slightest desire to put forth hand or foot in devising paths on her own account, when she is being made to march in the regulation step from morn to night along the hard highway P , She is 44 being educated" — that is to say, she has been put into a mortar and is being pestled into shape. From that shape every original bias has to be eliminated. It is like the gristle which the careful cook picks out and thro vs away when mincing her beef ; your true-born chef wants none it, neither does the parent nor the guardian want any giri-gristie ; they want a nicely minced- up yuung lady, moulded to pat tern. All extraneous interests, all curiosity regarding the great world or its ways, all un orthodox sympathies, all special yearnings and aspirations, come under the head of 4 'gristle" in the process now being gone through -in the drone, drone, drone of 44 Lessons" from one hour to another. 44 Lessons, my dears," is read in the eye ol the governess, as morning by morning she sails out of the dimng » room at the conclusion of family prayers; and 44 Lessons, my dears," the same eye announces again in the first pause at the cloe of the luncheon-dinner. . Meekly the ' poor preceptress departs ani meekly follow the little flock. Tfoybave no digestions to -be considered; no pause for health's or pleasure's sake need be thought of for them. Oh' yes ; they have their daily walk — an hour in the morning, an hour in .the afternoon; perhaps in the summer time they may even stroll outside again in the cool of the evening. Bat Lessons must be first, of course. So says mamma, with Calm unconscious air. Your British matron is so very unconsoiouB, so absolutely innocent of com nitting the very slightest offence against her own flesh and biped, nay, she is so entirely convinced that she is doing the very best Bhe can for them in every pos sible way, by thus inculcating the doctrine that 4 Lessons must be first, of course," that it is almost a hopeless task to endeavour to undeceive her. Lesson B must be first — before everything. Weil, perhaps not before religion ; but cer tainly bet ore food, exercise, fresh' air, sleep. The drowsyhead must be shaken up from the pillow at an early hour— long before papa, or mamma, or any elder folks in the house are astir ; .and the fretful, shivering, starved, and only half -roused ephoolgirl has to practise in a room in which, if it be mid- winter, a fire has just been lighted, or at other seasons has not been lit at all 1. In some exceptionally careful houses there may be accorded before this ordeal a glass of milk — cold and heavy on the sromaoh at that hour ; but the good, warm, nourishing break fast which should always precede brain work in the case of every growing girl, is either delayed until she has accomplished her hour's study, or not given a % all. The mind is gorged — the body is starved. And so' on throughout the .day. -The parent who considers that . during the brief hours of winter sunshine it is as well to curtail the morning tasks to & single hour ox so, and postpone the principal tuition tothe afternoon, by which time the: sky is. apt to oloudover and raw Prists to steal over the .face of the laud, has, in the eyes bf her acquaintances who are educationists proper, a very poor idea of developing jnental culture. They "wonder at her — behind hacks. They consider she 44 does not do her daughters justice" Andone speaker . will narrate how many hours a day her dear girls are closeted with ; 44 Fraulein and another will, cap the recital wj|h the extra do->e administered by her 44 Mademoiselle .while the pale, drawn facts and the round, stooping backs of the unfortunate objects of their tenderness, count for nothing as .com pared with Adela's proficiency in music, or Ethel's fluency in French. . ' ' The doctor, he kno vs. He knows the meaning of these listless movements . and lack- lustre eyes. But of what avail is his knowledge? He may. gently 'hint at the nt-ce>Bity of the chest expanding and the musclt-s developing; but he will be met by the cold rejoinder, 44 My daughters h¥? ilntedaLQe olAxerrise; they have & ba-" ; iKey are not-great . jlfewaifaa -my- , dears?' wluoh is written on every lin&pf; the ; plateon's viBage , to insist on-it tost too slow, ' , fonxuj walk is. not exercise, that toe back- \- : bod tevwi reet, that healthy hunger has to \- betoahgurated— -sown, as it wore— and is not »;ieBnnbte>pmIacfc of poor enfeebled soil. . toe girl m her, teens has muoh 1 to leariQ , mid that she has arrlved at the( age Pe Will think of denying. She oooht undoubtedly to get riJjof- a certain . amount .. of ignorance through the direot medium of school- tOMn xontine ; but may a word be here Sortolo toggtrt m » » but a wry nsa!I:pcstio& of -knowledge which can be deliberately, as it were, injected into the young, and that the real, toe useful, the principal lessons they, need, and by whidh toeir ratoreiives will be guided, are not to $e : under the head of " Lessons, my Ajrirl ought to be able to flunk, to obstoti to refieot ; but if she is given no flmft Ishsrem to exeroise these powers, if eviday and. every hour is so filled up, . so pdrtomid out; and ( so settled -lor her by anthority, bow is she ever, in . homely phrase, to" feid her feet?" .Her powers both of mind and body Are under mined by the oonstant wear and tear of end- less tasks. She is enfeebled and inoapaoi- tated. Her facultieaare warped. IntelUgeooe itseff, wben driven between toe shafts un ceasingly along one . beaten traok, will cease to gaze with any interest elsewhere. Turned loose apnn a common full of flowers and grasses, toe same becomes straightway no better than a wilderness. _ Holidays bring but a partial benefit in tbe above cases. The body may recuperate itself bat- the mind cannot. What is the little maid to do ? How shall she pass the time? She cannot be always at play; she wearies of doing, nothing; yet she has no energy for doing anything. To read would be' purest drudgery ; to draw, to sing, to cultivate a single accomplishment would all savour of tbe bated " lesson " hours. She can faney nothing — settle to nothing. Hard- worked and hard- driven as she has been throughout her young career, she has never been taught one thing, and that is to employ herself ; with her it has ever been either " Lessons, my dear;" or else — idleness. Is there anything to be done? There h this. Curtail the hours during which schoolroom rule is all in all Permit some Intervals of real leisure — not enforcing any thing to be done in these. Leave them to be dealt with by their owner herself. Surely she .» has a right to own a little of her own Hfe here and there. When not worn out by careless tasks, . she will fill them sensibly enough, if she is a sensible child ; and if not, she will at least £11 them as well as you, her guardian, could do in such a case. Don't take all the " go" out of her with endless supervision. She wants to go her own way and follow her own bent, at times. Consider that the time will come when she will have to do this, J and' why not prepare and train her for ; such a time? You will not always be at her elbow ; draw away from it once in a while, now. And as for that eternal " practising," can anything be said to check or moderate this pest? In how few cases is there any real result ; how. few are musicians by nature. It may of course be replied to this that even a little musical ability may be useful rita after - life, may cultivate toe ear, and teach appreciation, if nothing else. Granted, but that is not the point. Enough musical tuition to acquire these can be surely gained without hours and hours spent in drumming scales, and render ing and re-rendering difficult passages of "pieces" never destined to delight, any. mortal ear. It makes one's heart ache to see toe victim to these going through -her daily drudgery, and to know how valueless it is. As for the hideous folly of enacting that it shall be gone through fasting, and at an hour o7 toe day. when Nature is at her lowest ebb, requiring a fillip instead of a drain, this is a matter which requires stronger language and more eloquent denunciation than the present writer dares to give. Chambers's Tournal. 