The Ghost ,sf thle opk. AN EXOITING GIBRIALTAR TALIE. IT is just twele'years sineO:I .ivas appointed to the commandof a Sub. altern's Guard at Fort IHoliry, bie' of theo outworks of the fortress of Gib. raltar. On a cold December night, a few weckSagftdr m. appointment, while lounging in miny armni.clhir, 1' was'sud denly alarmed by hearing a loud noise outside tihe door, and immediately aftcrwardls a soldior, fully accoutred;, burst into the room, gave an agonising shrielk, and fell senseless to the ground. I raised himn. An indolinable terror was depicted on every feature of his coun tenance, his eyes *rolled hideously in their blood.shot sockets; the right hand clutched with a powerful grasp ai loaded musklet, wvhilo thile left pointod at some invisible object in: the airm. I recognised him as the seitilill?wioni ~t had stationed in an archway leading from the cells in which some Guerril, las were confined on a cshargde: oft murder. ' Totally unprepared for such a scene( and entirely ignorant of its ciause, I naturally concluded that some dreadful catastrophe had happened, Are thorn Spaniards in the fort1 . Is there an in surrection among the peoplel 'Have the prisoners escaped These were the first thoughts that rushed through my excited brain. At length I per; ceived symptoms of returning consci ousness in thie man ; the dimness wliici' had overshaded his eyes gradually dis. appeared, his rigid hand slowly relaxed its tenacious hold, and then, oponilng his mouth he cried out: "The ghost I the ghost I I" Relieved from tile suspicious which had at first suggested itself to my mind, I put him under guard, and summon. ing tlid vwatch, marchod out lest the! prisaoers might escape during his absen??o.P,.ontrary to my antidilpations, the prisoners were still secure, so 'I left one of the men at the deserted post, .ad .as. leisurely walking back when~hnihilek of terror ourst froum tlihe' new sentinel. I turned quickly round, and saw him level-- his musket for a mombmit;,'but then, without firing, he fled, accompanied by his comrades. Wondering at this strange conduct -as I deemed it-I looked about in ext'rdniom'topidntion, for the frightoned looks of the hitherto undaunted 'vete rans had completely astonished me, My eyes naturally sought tile place to which the fugitive sentiunol.had, pointed his musket, and never did a more fear. inspiring' object meet the human' vision than that on which my terror'strulck gazewas, now rivetted... The moon, as it s!one brighiti 'into the passage, showedma hunlman, form, self-sustained in the air, the', arms of which were strotlched outas if to onfold me witiin:their:grasp. , It was clad in a shmcr" fi'io of trans''pareit' whto, which sowed' greatly in contra't iwith the darkness behind. The hbead was notequit jsevered fiomi the body, but, hung upon thoe breast attachied to the neck by a slight portion of skin.'[. The legs tossed to and fro0 in such a muan nor ?s clearly showed the bones .!had. bodn' brokon ill many places; and' from tlhd'sovor'dd neck a stream of orimson bloodd ru'idhd'ovor th'~ whiteoraiment. I:had" already nlmost reached' my quarters when, thinlking of tho.o'ourt martial that would- eonsue, I haltod, My breastlheaved, my knees trombledli and a prbfuse' perspiration rushed from evqlry pore, Mustoring all the energy tlht fear had.'left mnd', I slodwly retrabedl: my steps, The feeling of the con. demiiedloonviet as he paoceg, boetwoon his cell and the gibbet would be a istate' of extremeoblisse' compared' with what I sulfrcd .whilo endeavouring to.colleoot every motiveo that could stimuliia mee to exortio,. At length I stood trembling and beathl'ess: on tihe spot' .had quitted, 81owly I raised my eyes,' and .shudder, inglyL, .elosed 'them "tigain in torror; for, !.bohold tlhe same frightfuml objoot emerging as it woero from'"the' solid maseonry. 'It 'now floated over my head In a horiiontal positioh, "Thoe 'bre'ast 4dilatqd and swelled as whenn one draws ioeav'h yesuspiration. No sound aooom.o panide this horrible motion, Despair gayo mo courage. At my feaot lay the rifle of .my'fgi?'ir sontinol. This I seized, and ookling 'tI"':.viewod the object of.. my. foars more earnestly. Assuming as.military jk"t~nd"eas iy terror would permit, ,demlauni *od'" ~!io goes thoroel "' 'Agan .and iagain ,I shouted tlhe' '6hall~im, ,tliougheaoh time fairter and fahitdr;' i,?i, 9now.thouglht I could almost touch !tho':'spetre., Bringing the gun to ni '-lrlouldero I took aim, The 'thlingwa w•ithin a yard of the muzzlo-I firoe~ :,si1o'loiid ,eimho. was ropeated a hIun'lredc fold, royert;borating with a holow'sou'id through thie vaulted ardhl. Slowly thd breeooze dissipated the wreathod volunie4 Sof "suilphurrotted smoke, and tler.-e. 'flihtterihg' wildly,'like an eagle ovoe ,'i.?i prey, and certainly now not more than two foot from my heunad-wes "tihe ,thlinglof foar and dread." 'if' Prompted by almost a supernaturil "'oourage, I sprang upwards, and chisped ' it"in my arms. The slight resistanoe '"whidhI encountered convinced me that 0llwase,, fter all, no unreal shando: ' My lnt~rror anisidhd, amid I becamteo of a mll;sudden, strhlngelyr valiant, Sounds 6f .human''lifowero about me.; tio pi'i. .'saoners wero alanrmed, andl ,altked loudly " fih ','thoir?' quartrns, Lights movdd t ''ils m' from the guardroosm,. tb. ,r gJb'r?wiltli the' hounds of imn'mias d p,,,qpa'?ppepi.'. a' i s" timh6' oetire"'guard, eh.?hoyn.,taraohd 'iii' 1io,' steadily, La. ,,.gyonaets i,i a la' eoharge, annd lo I at 'tIy .'I" fdbt'ly the objeoct of the warlikeo pmo. (p''ld lo?sI'' Ai?dl what wes it' ;i"A'pfirt of litoe 'iimon I whih i har , p i ttairheo by the' lohoies toi al iy. Ig lnol extddcd fronii one side of tihe arch to.time opppI9 aiflo. To ti'he ol ar .lwho:lrneddan .r(l nighttan p?-thl o It. tirbtld head ; a red string-imthe oeming stream of blood-stood out in bold ro lief akninst tha immnculate linon; and a pair of stolckiing thlio jointloss lege -danglcd froimi th extremity I Noed .I say that tho court.material passeil na Ient eietitoece on the fright caed sontinel who had quitted, his post? Need -I enumerate tho gests and 4ibes I bndurs from mybrother: oflice's, I The nickhaine "The Ghliost Oetohbr'" will cling to me till' [ am laild in my grave. WIlrirAn DRUMaMOND (in Ttreeawrc Trove. 