PROADBRIM'S NEW YOBK i^TTER. Soft a3 tlie sweep of an angel's wing tlio snow beats lightly ngnitlat fclie window pane nS l,§it Were alone to-riight. Not a ROuiid breaks the Bfciilrie'Ss ,* nil quiet as death,- One by one the little ttdtcfojfsr. fiave drifted off. into dreamland—green wiin' isUHhift .vferdnre; bright in the sunlight of a never fading 8riy. Heaven is not more glorious than than surri mer land of childhood's dreaming night. My eyeliis droop, my limbs grow weary, my heart is faint. Suddenly there comes a burst of light. Earth floats away, and I seem trans figured t<) ti stjitit, lighter than the lightest air. Released .frotti the bonds of earth, I sweep upward like a ligjitustig! flush. Time and space are annihilated ; the eflrfh is left behind and heaven is not far beyoild,- for millions of miles are only a span in that Ileaven-born spirit life. I read in letters of golden light against the crimson clouds: 'The best of life is yet to come.' Surely no thought conceived by the mind of man was more suggestive of eternal hope and ever lasting peace. Without this hope, life becomes a barren wilderness, a dark and a hopeless night. Of what value is all your fine spun philo sophy to me, if it robs me of the only hope and consolation that was my joy and my sheet anchor here, that some day, somehow or somewhere I shall again grasp by the hand the dear friends that gave me all I ever knew of joy and sweetness in life ?—perhaps olice more see the bright little faces that once blossomed and bloomed about my hearth stone, and then faded into the long ago, leaving nothing but sorrow arid shadow behind—or perchance once more listen to the silver echo of those dear voices, which tfciS tile sweetest music my soul ever knew, as the hymn the chorus of everlasting welcome around the great white throne for everln'ore. Do not take this hope from me oh the Holy Christmas Eve unless you can give me something better to recompense me for that which you destroy. Do not take this hope from me unless you can give me something Which, when the hour of deadly pcfil tfoiltes, will buoy my sinking soul in its passage through the dark valley of the shadow of death into the shining aud eternal glory of the bright summer land be vond. Is this another Christmas Eve when once more come to me the troops of loving faces that cheered me iu the long ago? How .U1rre and quaint are the memories of that >\v England life, which lives only in bW§ ^ v; cor the heritage seems to have WU!11^V of the stranger. But passed into tha Hui| v ^ cjose my iliemtiry Still remains., SO ... j ey6s itrid. i-'est. 1 know Hoi ffllPm - drifting—back to ills {Msfc Or into tlio fufcUFfl) but wherever it is all is peafitii Onde mora I float away without a care or without ft atief, far till 1 eVer kiiew of. earthly happiness sefenls ileSf itifei Filler tiiiM tiifeSds of gold, i catch the. strains of the sWfeh'tfest iiielOdy tiisifc ever Messed mortal ear. Yet sti'ilfigW stiil; 'tiibfa is rid feverbentio'ti of. the so'iind. Oriw.ard ltstffeeji. riS {.he lieavfeiiiy. narinoiiy swells and gip.rififes,-,HHI ct/iiie ijrti drifting shore jfliere flows tl;e river of light. teS; there they, are all .siife, and Bright £tnd glorious oii the other side—beckoning me to fcorjc o.ver; I guze and giije and.gaze;; the tears that pour flc^vii my cheblis like fain iJfe,.not tears of grief, but of joy unspeakable. Wait, wait a little longer, wait—the weak bonds that bind me here will soon be broken and then I shall cross over— " For as in life's late afternoon Where cool and long the shadows grow, I walk to meet the night that soon Must shape and shadow overflow. I cannot think that thou art far. For near at need the angels are ; And when the sunset gates unbar, Shall I not see thee waiting stand, ] And white against the eVeiling star Tile Welcome beckoniiig of thy hand/1 The sweeb chimes of the Gloria Christ litis, cotne, bringing me bitck from the HeitVen of dreams, and long before the dawn of Christ mas breaks millions of littles orieS will be tearing throligli the house to. see what good Santa Claus has brought. Bless yotir old grimy face, you Jolly Old Saint; give tis yoilt hand. Oh, never mind if it is covered with soot; I don't care—they were- blackened in a good cause, and I forgive you, old fellow, though it is many a year since you left any thing in my stocking. What a week it lias been. The weather was raw and uninvit ing, but it made nodifference with the Christ mas shopper ; she not only went herself, but she took all the little dears to see the dolls, and I can assure you they were something to see. There were dolls and dolls and dolls. Dolls that could laugh, and dolls that could cry, dolls that could stand on their heads or turn a summersault, dance the Highland Fling or waltz like a French professor. Pho nographic dolls that cansing, Hold The Fort, or I Want to be an Angel; and beautiful little liaby dolls that say, " Oh Mamma, I gob a pain in my —_ly"^-well, in the place where infants generally have a pain. When I first heard it, I was shocked, of course, but all the ladies present laughed and all the children screamed with delight; they seemed to think that the pain in the poor infant's little ly was a good joke. No doubt, " Thev had all been there themselves, many a time." It has been a marvellous display. The oflice of that bright comic paper " The Judge," has been one of the attractions of the week, for there was congregated one of the most remarkable collections of dolls ever seen in this country. They have been con tributed by all sorts of people, from begtrars to millionaires, and they will all be° dis tributed on Christinas Eve where they -will do the most good. The " World" too lias a doll show, and hundreds of little hearts will be made glad by its bounty on Christmas morning. I expect some very grave and sensible people will say : It 'pears jusb like that Broadbrim is devotin' a good deal of space to dolls and dreams, and all sich foolishness ; why don't he give us the news ? That's just it, my friend. If there is any thing I hate in this world it is your matter of fact people who don't believe in Santa Claus, nor ghosts, nor William Tell, nor George Washington's little hatchet. The happiest daysof my life were when they were all real to me. Oh, yes ; I believe in Santa Claus, and I'm going to if I get nothing but an Irish potato. The festivities of the week, in the fashion able world, have been numerous and costly. I am inclined to take Mr. Ward M'Allister's view of ail these grand doings, and think if there were more of them it would be better for everybody. Take the Patriarch's re ception, the other night, at Delmonico's. Three hundred and seventy-five persons ' wero present. It probably Jcosb in ths | neighborhood of ten thousand dollars. Who j gob the bulk of that money 1 VVhy, the florists, the decorators, the musicians, the t cooks, the dressmakers, the tailors, the cab men and hundreds of others—all of them working people. Mrs. Astor gave a dinner on last Satur day night to twenty people, which cost per haps, from a thousand to tiftoen hundred dollars ; but, she did not get it, nor her dis tinguished guests ; the outlay will make many a heart glad on this blessed Christmas Eve. I have a very kindly corner in my heart for Mrs. Astor—a Patrician born'; allied by marriage to oric of the richest families in tlio world—loaded with social duties and environments that will not b0 denied, or put aside,—she never forgets the poor. Hundreds rejoice in her bounty in this Christmas-tide. The little ragged news boys remember her and slie remembers the newsboys. God bless her if she had a thous and millions. Then again there are the "Vanderbilts. It is true that one stardifferetb from another in magnitude and glory, and that the hands of some members of the family are more broadly open than others ; but as a whole they will compare, for generous charity, with any rich family in the world. Cornelias is perhaps one of the most active and untiring, because he has a more powerful engine inside to- drive him, but all deserve praise, for they arc constantly aolag good, and I have no doubt that they- will find it much easier to pass St. Pefev at the gate, th3n for one of Barnum's dromedaries to waltz through a needle's eye. Our festivities have been somewhat mar red . by an appointment made by Mayor Grant last week, which was nothing less than making Paddy Diwer, av de Sixt ward, a Jistice av the Peace, cr rather of the Police Court, at a salary of ten thous and dollars a year, for the next ten years. A nic-e little plum for Paddy, and Justice feels highly honored. The Sixth ward has been a festering bed of crimo and sin for over a hundred and fifty years; thai is to- say long before it was the Sixth ward, when it was an outlying camp for the city which lay below it, and it became a harbor for all the thieves, harlots and felons, that could find no shelter within the city walls. The vilest por tion of it lay between the Klock or Pond, which covered the space now occupied by Qg^er- street and the Tombs arid the old Post rojid to >pst°n, which rah by the Commons, now the Cl'ty Park> across the Kissing I Bridge and along uie Bouwrie Lane. It was I a sort of "No man'si>(1. ' out-side of the | pftle of the law, and when lt; became neces l saty' to execute a process of the court on ac count 6i some flagrant crime, L.'ie officers went in gailga iWiiretHa the teeth, n°t unfrequently left soiree pf their numbb.T )>e* hind them. This delightful tssiliwick i»las been the battleground for the £ivsS twenty . years of Fatty Walsh of unsavory lYjciYnrfy,- I and Paddy Diwer, a saloon keeper on Pitfk I Row. Both of the contestants sold rum; for to keep a saloon in the Sixth ward was eqtfal to a patent of nobility, and was the Ope;J Sesame to political preferment. There was not ihe toss of a penny between them. Paddy was as gcfatl as Fatty, and Fatty was as good as Paddy, for they were literally and truly two of a kind. Prtddy had a little the advantage in being Paddy,but few knew that Fatty's name was Tom and not Pat; but on election day it cost Mr. Walsh sever.'t? Totes, for a large majority of the voters of the Sixth ward were countrymen of Mr. Parnell's, and elections were generally settled there, as they have settled the election of John Pope Hcnnesey in Kilkenny jshillelagiis being much more potent factors than ballots. One of the great features of a canvass lias been ii steamboat excursion for the voters, "their; sisters', their cousins and their aunts " At first Fatty started a single boat, then Paddy went him one better, then Fatty raised two steamboats and a barge, then Paddy called him with two steamboats, five barges and a tug, and Fatty lost the election. Fatty trained wid de " Ref3rmers," but Paddy was Tammany from the roots of his hair to his shoestrings. When the counties were on top and Fatty dispersed the patronage of the Sixth ward, there were times when Paddy Diwer had to shin around for his breakfast, but that is all past now, he is a Jistice av the Pace with ten thousand dollars a year, and -lie writes Hon. in front of his name. We don't feel proud; we can't but as it is Christ mas, we will take it as a Christmas Box. The associations of Mr. Diwer for the past I thirtv vears have not been such as to com mend him for a sentinel in the Temple of Justice. . Our Polioe Courts have always been regarded as asylums for political hacks, and Mr. Divver is not the first man who has been taken from behind his bar to ornament the Bench. Let us hope that Paddy Divver may break the record ; the appointment might have been better ; it couldn't be much worse. Merry Christmas, Mr. Divver ; Good bye, Fatty. the midst of the most joyous holiday of the vear ™ not Peasant to have it marred by such 'politij;11 prostitution of patronage, but W0 .must haW S0lne bltter Wlth the SWfififci , The Sunday before ™ ® noVtjfiQ ify Signor Succi's dinner Oil tW' §. of Eostar arid Saij'e Music' Sail, after h»» forty-fiyo days fast, ifi defiance of all fn'edical prognosis he ate eVefyttimg that (hSj placfed within his reach, and he still li.ves to iejt fhfe' story.- The King of the Cranks, George ifriihfy Tram,- as usual iqkde himself the most consp'c'fitm^ person bilore, arid .a story was started that lie' eoh templates b'&ryirig; himself after the manner' of the Hindoo i'alnrS, and being resurrected in six months or a year. If t'corge Francis tries it I shall certainly be at the wake, find you,,can put me down for a dozen wax candles: But hark ! th'fe' bells are awakening the echoes of the night, annffufra.ng an infant born, whose name shall be the s^irt'bol of salvation forevormore. liemember the petit; and from your abundance let them be blessed. It has been a year of heavy disaster and stormy trial, since the last Shtistmas bells rang out; but the storm is past( tile trial is over, and with a heart full df thankfulness for my share of the sun- j shine and storln, I wish Merry Christmas to All, . i Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 