SPORTING NOTES. The Committee of the Stanley Coursing Club met at the Commercial Hotel, Clare, on Friday evening last to decide the protest entered against Jack, the winner of the recent coursing match. Owing to insuffi cient evidence the meeting was adjourned till last evening. On the occasion of the national fe*te the President of the French Republic conferred the Order of the Lesion of Honor on M. Albert de Saint-Albin, editor of Le Jockey. The new knight has been the first to obtain any distinction or recognition of the services rendered by the sporting Press in France. M. de Saint-Albin has long placed his pen at the service of the turf, and besides that branch of writing he has won fame for himself as an author and dramatist, since hie name has been of late attached to many of those light comedies which have enabled Parisian managers to fill their houses. The Referee publishes a list of yearlings that have been sold by Messrs. Tattersall for 2,000 guineas or upward eash, during the six years from 1888 to 1889 inclusive, with the amounts won by them — when there were any winnings. It seems that 37 yearlings sold for 2,000 guineas or over, the total purchase money being 95,805 guineas, and the stake won amongst them so far are of no greater total value than £28,271. Twenty one of them never won a penny. At the Adelaide races on Saturday Simpleton won the Second Hurdle Race, Thomond ihe Auction Handicap, Jack Robinson the Nursery Handicap, Quality the Spring Handicap, Vistula the Handi cap Steeplechase, and Lord John the Plym ton Handicap. The Norwoods and Ports played on Satur day, with the following result : — Norwood, 5 goals 4 behinds ; Ports, 3 goals 4 behinds. The two- year-old colt Friday has changed hands, Mr. A. L. Johnson having sold the son of Robinson Crusoe to Mr. F. W. Pur chase for 350 guineas. The imported horse Tregeagle (eays a contemporary) who was imported to Aus tralia in 1869, in company with Talko'the Hili, died a few days ago near Adelaide. Bred by Lord Falmouth in 1865, Tregeagle wae by Wild Dayrell from Silverhair, by Kingston from England's Beauty, by Bird catcher, and was a good performer oh the English turf. Among the horses sired by Tregeagle may be mentioned Device, Spectre, Wattle, Umslopogass, Ghost, Dela mere, Symbol, &c.; 