THE BRIDGE OVER COLDSTREAM, CLARENCE RIVER. TO THE EDI i Off or THE HLEALD Sir,-With your permission, a few lines in reply to your correspondent. Truth," re above. XbiB bridge would, of course, be on the main road from Grafton to Clarence Heads, but the traffic. along it is so trifling that the clouds LcpiiriuieDt cannot be prevailed on to classify it into a higher class road, and on. the banks at the South Arm this small traffic a smaller than along most other portions of the road. Can j. ruth" bay the receipts at Coldstream ferry amount to £50 per annum, or anything approaching that sum it and will in truth" unit that that there are dozens of streams in the colony with 10 times The traffic at Coldstream, and yet have to remain unbridfcMli My contention is-, that the traffic at the point is to small that it is monstrous to expend Xlo,uOU to UCCOIUUKKIBIS it, and I venture an assertion that had the expenditure gone before the Public Works Committee, it would not have had the ghost of a show. 'Ibo Flood" and " LOBB of stock " argument which I understand, in the full force, is evidently) the MUT other argument that can be put forward, and a weak argument is worse than none at all. In flood time a bridge could only be reached by long distances of Bwiniuiublo water, and when the visitors were rising stock could as costly swim the river as eras the bridge. Again, Hoods do not come every year. Excepting last j ears flood the intervals are long. For makins, the dates 1863, IbTC, 1887. The loss of stock in the Ibu? Wood, which this bridge would have saved, is not worth mention ng. I ha greatest trouble is not lbs Head, but the effects. 1 but as, the destruction of grass, leal, Sec. i wenty bruges would not prevent that. 'his Government would be in pocket by paying full value for every beast drowned rather than building this brolga. Taking 4 per cent. as interest, and wear and tear, on > capital of £1.1,11110, and ten years as the average interval of floods, it would give a dividend of ¿uOOU to recoup stock losses-an amount considerably more than the aggregate loss. 'The expenditure will please the few who will treat the bridge occasionally ; but is it right that the whole colony should be loaded with debt heaped up by such unnecessary works as these for, as I said in my former letter, the Coldstream is only typical and blue rative. -no doubt that neighbourhood is as enticed to a bridge as scores of other places are, but it is high time the ss Bambra for public nine s WB ended. This bridge will be pointed to as one of the legislative' triumphs of the member for the electorate. A member is now measured by the amounts be can secure for his electorate, and not by personal worth. I am, etc., January 28. 