GHOSTS. (Andrew Lang, in tiie "New York Forum.") Ghosts do not come of " attentive expec tation;" at least, not to everybody. I have been at amateur seances, and expected a j«reat deal; but never saw or heard anything more abnormal than a suppressed giggle, for which my own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have passed nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to my self; and that when I was young, ill, and overworked. I have occupied the ghostly chamber, where the original of Dickens' Miss Havisham (in "Great Expectations") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raiment. But, in spite of expecting, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything to establish the existence of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinister to sleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved valour had previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short his visit and fled the place. Here was a ghost of gentlemanly character who appeared only to persons unlikely, as he might guess, to be dangerously alarmed. As a riile, the fairly well attested ghosts of my acquaintance have been seen, not by the timorous and fanciful, but my unimaginative people in perfect health. Some persons, as a man says in one of George Eliot's novels, " have the smell for a ghost;" others have it not; and' you cannot say be forehand who will prove a seer, and who will be unvisited by any shape of dread. A scholar of world-wide reputation (among scholars) was, when a b^y, driving in a dog cart, while a scout farmer held the reins. Both were Scotch. They passed a church yard, beyond which the road ran through a i long avenue of trees. Out of the kirkyard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided beside the dog-cart all down the long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the man nor the boy said a word while this lasted. When the appoarence had vanished, the farmer whispered, "Did you sec yon ?" " Ay," said the lad. " Thank the Lord !" cried the farmer; " I was feared it was the horrors." He had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whiskey toddy. Finding that it was objective, he was reassured, though neither he nor his companion ever knew what the thing was that they had looked on. They both, perhaps, were "seers," and "had the smell for a ghost." To myself, the most impressive spectre I ever heard of, at next to first hand, was this —I think I may have told the tale before:— There is, in an English county, a village of one long street. The houses are small and old. At the head of the street, and at right angles to it, is the manor-house among its trees. The lady of the place was driving through the village one day (she told me the tale), when, through the open door of one of one of the houses, five or six children rushed in the utmost panic, and one of them fell down in a fit before the horses. This was about three o'clock in the afternoon, on a sunny August day. The lady stopped, at tended to the child, and asked the others what ailed them. They said they had been at play on the stair case, when they were terrified by "a dreadful woman," who suddenly appeared among them. And why was the woman dreadful 1 The children could say only that she was dressed in a long woollen robe, and had her brow and chin bound up with white linen. In fact sho was a walking corpse, come back from the days when the law compelled us to be buried in woollen, for the better encouragement of the wool trade. This wandering old death, seen in the sunlight by children, has always ap pealed to me as a very good example of ghosts and of their vague, unaccountable ways. For it is most unlikely that the children knew anything of the obsolete law or of the ancient English mortuary fashions, However, there are differences of taste and i ghost stories, and many prefor something i with moj-o of a motive for an appearance, Bub the best-attested spectres are inotivaless they rese.nble, as Mr. Myers says, what we might expect of a dead man's fevered dream, if in that sleep of death such dreams may como. Whether they como to the dead or not, a sort of refraction of them lias como,a probably will always come, to the living now and then, and like " A sunset touch, A chorus ending of Euripides," will ever make us less assured that we know all about ourselves and have spoken the fina word on death and life. This, I think, is the moral and the lesson of ghost stories— we do not yet know everything. 