NEWS IN BRIEF. VICTORIA. \- The refreshment room ercoted at tho Bocohus Marsh railway station is described as wholly in- . eufficient for the roquiremeutu of the travelling publio. . Tho city of Sandhurst will m future be known . by its old name of "Bendigo," an Order in . Council being passed ou Monday' by the Execu tive sanctioning the change. At Portland, lost week, some mammoth bar racoiita wero caught, which are described by . tho local journal as literally yards of ftsh. Tho satisfactory intelligence is also imparted that : the fish are coming into the bay. Tho works on Condah Swamp are now draw ing to a close, the contracts in hand being nearly . finished. Several subsidiary drains havo yet to be'made, but look of funds will probably delay these being done for a few months. "Swearing." — An old lady up Taradale way, on being complained to a few days ago about her sons' frequent use of bad language in the streets, replied, " Well their father don't swear, and I don't swear, so I'm d——d if I know where they learn it." At a magisterial inquiry held at Ballarat on 1st May by Mr. Haycroft, J.P., respecting the death of the young man Francis Drew, who was found dead in an office at Lee's brewery, with a bullet wound in his left breast, a ver- dict of suicide while suffering from temporary insanity was returned. At the Ballarat police court on Monday a man named Charles Forbes was oharged with sacri- lege, to wit, breaking into the town mission hall and stealing therefrom a baptismal fount, six bibles and other property. The alleged offence was committed before daylight on the 24th ult. Accused was committed for trial. A farmer named Cornelius McCarthy, at Nathalia, was riding in from his farm at Kaarimba to catch the excursion train from Nathalia, when, in the dark, his horse fell and threw him. He was found by a farmer later on and brought into Nathalia. His collar bone was badly fractured, as was also his skull. His re- covery is very doubtful. A young man named Michael Henry was using an axe at Glenlyon, which slipped, and inflicted a deep and dangerous wound in his leg. He was brought to the hospital, where they succeeded after much difficulty in stopping the flow of blood from a severed artery. The patient was put under ohloroform whilst the ends of the artery were searched for and secured. On Friday night last week the evening ex press train from Melbourne dashed into the rail- way gates at Gisborne, breaking the leading spring, and thus disabling itself. The engine of the 4.15 goods train from Sandhurst was des- patched from Kyneton, and brought the disabled engine and train on to Sandhurst. Why the gates were closed is unknown. A party, consisting of Messrs. Henderson, Reilly, Greenaway, Hocking and O'Farrell, were returning from Colbinabbin station on Sunday when the horse bolted, tossing out the occupants and smashing the trap. Mr. O'Farrell, the local station master, had the small bone of his ankle broken, Mr. Hocking a sprained ankle, and Mr. Reilly, of the water supply camp, sustained severe contusion of the head and shoulders. Last week a serious accident happened at Mornington,. through the careless use of a revol- ver. A young man named William Coles was examining a loaded revolver in Waterloo-place, and not thinking that the weapon was loaded pulled the trigger, the consequence being that the charge entered the thumb, blowing the top almost completely off. The bullet grazed the head of Mrs. Haley, the occupier of the house. Twenty years ago a young pine tree was planted close to the site of the old town hall in Lancefield. Owing perhaps to the large quantity of manure which had been placed at the roots of the tree, the pine assumed a gigan- tic growth, and was probably one of the largest of the kind in Victoria. Indeed it grew so big that it threatened to spoil the buildings in its vicinity, and so the other day the axe was laid to its roots and it was demolished. Donald Fraser, eldest son of Jas. Fraser, North Murchison, received fatal injuries by a fall from his horse while returning from Mur- chison on Saturday night. Fraser's horse ar- rived home without its rider, the latter being found about two hours afterwards by a search party, lying partly in some water alongside the road. From marks on the road it would seem that the horse shied, and afterwards jumped a small drain, dislodging Fraser. Deceased leaves a wife and four children. A magisterial inquiry was hold on Tuesday, be fore Mr. W Stredwick, J.P., upon the body of a shunter named Jas. Stuart, who was killed at the Benalla railway station on Monday. The magistrate found that the deceased died from injuries accidentally received, and he also strongly urged that the Railway department draw the attention of all drivers, firemen, guards and shunters to the danger, whilst en gaged in shunting, of passing underneath the buffers of trucks whilst the trains are in motion. A fatal accident occurred at the Nunn-street railway crossing gates, Benalla, on Mon day, whereby a porter named Jas. Stewart lost his life. The train, due to leave here at 6 o'olock, was shunting at the time, and Stewart, in coupling some trucks, missed his footing, and fell-with his head on the rails. Before he could recover himself the wheel of the truck went over him, completely smashing his skull, and making a large cavity in the left side. The body was conveyed to the Carriers' Arms Hotel, to await a magisterial inquiry. A large consignment of English trout fry for stocking the many suitable streams near Lorne was received on 1st May from Ercildoune, tho fish being generously supplied by Mr. Archibald Fisken, Sir Samuel Wilson's representative in Victoria. The gift is much appreciated here, but at the same time credit is due to Mr. W. Madden, M.L.A., who was mainly instrumental in procuring so valuable a consignment. Some four or five gentlemen, experts in angling, placed the fry in the evening in the Cumberland, Sheoak, Fisher's, Stony and Grassy creeks. Geelong was very anxious to secure the pre- sence of the veteran statesman of New South Wales, in view of the fact that suggestions have been made in regard to the position of the town for tho Federal City. Mr. Munro was urged to use his influence with Sir Henry, but the fates were unfavorable. The Victorian Premier replied : — "I received your telegram, and men- tioned the matter to Sir Henry Parkes. He would have been most happy to stop at Geelong, but, in consequence of his having to go forward by Friday afternoon's express to Sydney, his time did not permit of it." For some days past there have been rumors that two Chinamen working out in the Whipstick have discovered a nugget of gold valued at over £2000. Appearances are that they have dropped on something, for two Chinamen, who are sluicng between the Red Jacket and White Horse Gullies, have suddenly become possessed of a large sum of money. They were until a few days ago very poor, hardly able to eke out a living. Now they are well dressed, and have plenty of all sorts to eat and drink, and they also talk of visiting China. They kept the find very quiet, but they sold to a small storekeeper some nice pieces of gold, evidently chiselled off a larger piece, and this exited suspicion. Seve- ral big nuggets were got in the same locality in the earlier days. A young lady visitor was returning to South Portland the other night when she was insultingly accosted by a half drunken person. The lady asked how he dared speak to her in that fashion, upon which the stupid fellow went home and returned with a gun with which he threatened to shoot the lady, towards whom he appeared to have conceived a violent antipathy in his muddled state of mind. A young man, who was awakened from his slumbers by the unwonted clamor, rushed out, and taking in the situation at a glance, soon wrested the dangerous weapon from the hands of the assailant. The wife of a resident at Wombat met with an extraordinary accident. During her hus band's absence aho had been terribly frightened by some animal in close proximity to tho house, and on his return at night she informed him of what had occurred. He took his gun and went out in search, his wife carrying a candle. As they approached a hollow log it occurred to him that the cause of annoyance might be concealed therein. Mrs. Owen stood at one end of the log, the candle showing right through. As she was standing in this position her husband fired, and the shot, ricochetting in the log, wounded the unfortunate woman in the face and neck. During a heated discussion in the Ballarat town council in reference to the visit of Sir Henry Parkes, in which the councillors felt grievously annoyed at not having been invited by the city mayor to the reception, a startling incident oocurred. The passage at arms between the mayor and Cr. M'Kee was of a most exciting nature, and just when it appeared likely that the belligerents would resort to sterner measures to settle their difficulties, ono of the globes and pendants above the council table came down with a terrible crash, and was smashed to pieces. The mayor was speaking at the time of the explosion, and the councillors arose from the table amidst hearty laughter. A violent character was arrested at Axedale on Monday by Constable Nonmus. The man entered Drake's Hotel this evening, and pulling out a large old fashioned revolver took aim at the bar clock. Constable Nonmus, who was lodging at the hotel, rushed in and took the revolver from him. The man then endeavored to overturn & kerosone lamp suspended from the roof, and again seized the revolver, threaten ing to shoot the constable. After a severe struggle he was secured and brought into Ben- digo by the evening train. He gave several dif- ferent names, and in his swag was found a dangerous looking sheath knife. He also had a bunch of small keys in his possession. It is suspected that he had been recently discharged from prison. At Hamilton, last Saturday evening, the peo ple in the vioinity of the railway station were greatly alarmed when it was reported that a ghost had been seen near the trucking yards. It appears that a young fellow who was just returning home happened to catch a glimpse of a weird spectre, and at once informed two engine cleaners that were at work. They im- mediately gave chase, and after running for about a mile they came up to their quarry, when to their utmost astonishment and disgust it turned out to be a young woman dressed in white. Their homeward march was a little less rapid, and to add further to their misfortune the young woman sent in a complaint to the station master the following morning. An interview with the two ghost hunters followed, and everything was satisfactorily explained. A widow named Mary Ann Lovenbury, resid- ingat Geelong, was washing in her back yard, and was about to lift a boiler off an open fire when she was seized with a fit and fell across it. The fire communicated to the lower portions of her garments, which soon smouldered into a flame, and before she recovered consciousness she was very badly burnt, particularly about the upper portion of her body. When she regained her senses she evidently dragged herself away with a vague idea of extinguishing the flames by pressing against the wall where she was found. A flannel garment she was wearing at the time was reduced to ashes, and her stays were charred right through, with the result that she was very badly burnt about the chest, the flesh, which was blackened, peeling off. As soon as her pitiable state was discoveied, the burning cloth ing was removed, and free application of oil made to her injuries, in order that she might be afforded a little relief, after whioh a blanket was wrapped around her, and she was removed to the hospital. Mr. H. J. Wrixon is expected in Portland in a few days, for the purpose of addressing his constituents on tho prospects of Federation. It has been suggested that he should acquaint the people of Portland with the prospects of Port land as the site of the Federal capital. The Portland Guardian thus breaks out on this proposal:— On the broad and peaceful bosom of Portland bay not only could the Federal Navy repose, when not on active sorvice, but so also might the majestic men-of-war of all nations sail in and salute the Australian flag floating proudly from the dome of Government House. We can find a parade ground for the Federal Army, and manoeuvring space for the Federal Navy ; we can find sites for the Federal Houses of Legislature, and for the residences of the members of those Houses, and all at the minimum of public and private cost, and with natural ad vantages unequalled in many respeots, and un surpassed in none, on the island continent of Australia. If Portland is not chosen as the ca- pital of united Australia we shall at least have the satisfaction of knowing that it ought to be. 