THE SOUTH SEAS. BY ROBERT 10DI3 STEVENSON. PART III.— THE EIGHT ISLANDS. CHAPTER XXV.— Continued. A step boyoud Hookcna a wooden house with two doors stands isolated in a field of broken lava-liko ploughed land. I had approached it on the night of my arrival and found it black and silent ; yot oven then it had inmates. A man and a woman sat there captive, and tho man had a knife, brought to him in secret by his family. Not long, per haps, after I was by, tho man, silencing by threats his follow-prisoner, cut through the floor and escaped to tho mountain. It was known ho had a comrade thoro, hunted on tho same account, and their friends kept them supplied with food and ammunition. Upon tho mountains, in most islands of tho group, similar outlaws rovo in bands or dwell alone, unsightly hermits, and but tho otlior dav an officer was wounded whilo attempting an arrest. Some aro des perate fellows; somo mournful women — mothers and wives ; somo stripling girls. A day or two, for instance, after the man escaped tho fpolico got word of another old offender, made a forced march, and took the quarry sitting, this time with little poril to themselves. For tho outlaw was a girl of 19, who had been two years under tho rains in tho high forest, witii lior mother for comrado and accomplice. How docs their own poet sing? In the lend of distress My dwelling wns 011 tlic mountain height, My talking companions were tho birds, Tho decaying leaves of the Ki my elothing. It is for 110 crime this law-abiding race fleo to tbe woods ; it is no fear of the gallows or the dungeon that nerves themselves to resist and their friends to aid and applaud them. Their liability is for disease ; they aro lepers, and what tlioy combine to combat is hot punishment, but segregation. While .China and England aud France, in their tropical possessions, either attempt nothing or effect little, Hawaii has honorably faced tho problem of this ancient and apparently re viving malady. Her small extent is au advantago ; but tho ruggednoss of tho physical character, tho desert woods aud mountains, and tho habit of the nativo mind, oppose success. To tho nativo mind our medical opinions seem unfounded, AVo smilo to hear of ghosts und gods; they when thoy aro told to keep warm in fevers or to avoid contagion. Leprosy in particular they cannot bo persuaded to avoid. But 110 moro opinion would exalt them to resist the law and lie in forests, did not a question of tho family bond embitter and exasperate the opposition. Their family affection is strong, but un- croct; it is luxuriously self-indulgent, cir cumscribed within tlio passing moment, with' out providence, without nobility, incapable of healthful rigor. The prcscnco and the ap proval of the loved one, it matters not how purchased, there is the singlo demand of the Polynesian. By a natural consequence, when dcatii intervenes, I10 is consoled tho more easily. Against this undignified fervor of attachment, martial and parental, the law of segregation often heats in vain. It is 110 fear of tho lazaretto ; thoy know the dwellers aro well used in Molokai . they receive letters from friends already tliero who praise tho place, and could tho family bo taken in a body they would go with glee, overjoyed to draw rations from Govern" ment. But all cannot become pensioners at onco, a proportion of ratepayers must bo kept, and the leper must go alone or with a single relative, and the nativo instinctively resists the separation as a weasel bites. A Bifnilar reluctaneo can bo shown in Molokai itself. By a recent law clean children born within the precinct are taken from their leper parents, sent to au intermediate hos pital and given a chance of lifo and health and liberty. I have stood by while Mr. Meyer and Mr. Hutchinson, tlio luna and tho sub-luna of tho lazaretto, opened the petitions of the settlement. As thoy sat together on the stops of the guest house at Kalawao, letter after letter was passed between thein with a sucor and flung upon the ground, till I was at last struck with their cavalier procedure and inquired' tho nature of tho appeals. They wore all tho same— all from leper parents, all pleading to have their clean children retained iu that abode of sorrow, aud all alleging the same reason — aloha nui nui — an extreme affection. Such was tho extreme affection of Knahumanu for Kani. lionui, by which she indnlgcd her wuuton- ncss in safety, and he died. But love has a couutcnunco more severe. The scenes I am about to describe, moving as they wero to witness, have thus an element of something weak and false. Sympathy may flow freely for the leper girl ; it may flow for her mother with resorve ; it must not betray us into a shadow of injustice for the Govern ment whose laws they had attempted to evade. I walked in a bright" sun, after a gratcfui rain, upon tho shore beyond Hookona. Th0 breeze was of heavenly freshness, tho surf was jubilant in all the caves ; it was a morning to put a man in thought of the antiquity, the health aud cleanness of tho earth. And, he- hold ! when I came abreast of the little pest- house on tho lava both tho doors were open. In front a circle of somo half a dozen women and children sat ' conspicuous in tho usual bright raiment ; in their midst was a crouch ing and bowed figure, swathed in a black shawl and motionless , and as I drew moro near I was aware of a continuous and high, pitched drone of song. Tho figure in tlio midst was the leper girl ; tho song was the improvisatien of the mother, pouring out her sorrow in the island way. " That was not singing," explained tho schoolmaster's wifo on my return, " that was crying !" And bIio sketched for mo the probable tenor of tho lament: " 0, my daughter 1 0, my daughter, now you aro going away from me, now you are taken away from mo at lost," and so on without end. The thought of tho girl so early separated from her fellows— tho look of her lying tliero covered froinoyesight, like an untimely birth —perhaps more than all tho penetrating note of tho lament — subdued my courago utterly. With tlio natural impulse, I began to seek some outlet for my pain. It occurred to me that after two years in the woods tho family affairs might well liavo suffered, and in view of tlio transplantation clothes, furni ture or money might ho needful. I believe it was not dono wisoly, since it -was gono about iu ignorance; I daresay it flowed from a sentiment no moro erect tlian that of Poly nesians. I am sure thero were many in England to whom my. superfluity had proved more useful ; but tho next morning saw mo at the pesthouso under convoy of tho school master and -tho policeman. Tho doors wcro again opon. A fire was burning and a pot cooking on tho lava, under the supervision of an old woman in a grass grocn sacquc. This dame, who seemed more merry than refined, hailed mo, seized mo, and tried to seat me iu her lap ; a jolly and coarse old girl from whom, in my hour of sontimeiit, I fled with eravon shrinking ; to whom, upon a retrospect, I do moro justice. Tlio two lopcrs (both women) Bat in tho midst of their visitors, oven tlio children (to my grief) touching them freoly; tho elder chatting at intervals— tho girl in tho same blade wood and bowed in tho same attitude as yesterday. It was painfully plain sho would concoal, if possible, her face. Perhaps sho had been beautiful ; certainly, poor soul, sho lmd been vain—a gift of equal value, Somo consultation fol lowed ; I was told that nothing was required for outfit, but a gift in money would bo gratefully received ; and this (forgetting I wns in tlio Sonth Seas) I wns about to make in silence. Tho confounded expression of tho schoolmaster reminded mo of where I was. Wo stood up accordingly, sido by sido boforo tho lepers ; I made tho necessary speech, which tho schoolmaster translated sentonco by scntenco ; 'tlio money (thus hallowed by oratory) was handed over and received ; and tho" two women each re turned a dry " Mahalo," tho girl not uveu then exhibiting her face. Between 9 and 10 of the samo morning the schooner lay to off Hookcna aud a whnloboat came ashore. The village clustered on tho rocks for tho farewell ; a grief perhaps — a per formance certainly. We miss in our modern ' I lifo these operatic consolations ot the past. Tho lopcrs camo singly and unattended; tho older first, tho girl a little after, tricked out in a red dress and with a fine red feather in her hat. In this bravery it was tho moro affocting to see her move apart on the rocks and crouch in her accustomed attitude. But this time I had seen her face ; it was scarce horribly affected, -but had a haunting look of an unfinished wood doll, at onco expression less and disproportioncd 5 doubtless a soro Bpcctaclo in tho mirror of youth. Next there appeared a woman of the middlo lif c, of a swaggering gait, a gallant figure and a bold, haudsomo face. She came, swinging her hat, rolling her oyes and shoulders, visibly working herself up;, tho crowd stirred and murmured on lior passage ; and I knew without . being told this was tho mother and protagonist. Close by tho sea in tho midst of the spectators, she sat down, and raised ira me diately tho notes of the lament. One after anothor of her friends appronched her. To ono nftor tho other sho reached out ail arm, embraced them down, rooked awhile with them embraced, and passionately kissed them iu tVj island fashion, with tho pressed face. Tiio leper girl at last, as at some signal, roso from her seat apart, drew near, was inarmed like the rest, and with a small knot (I suppose of tho most intimate) held somo whilo in a general clasp. Through all tho wail continued, rising, into words and a sort of passionate declamatory recitation as each friend approached, sinking ugain as tho pair rocked together into tho tremolo drone. At length tho scene was over ; tho performers rose ; tho lepers and tho mother wero helped in silence to their places ; tho whaleboat was urged between tho reefs into a bursting surge, and swung next moment without on the smooth swell. Almost evory countenance about me streamed with tears. It was odd, but perhaps natural among a ceremonious, oratorical race, that tho boat should havo waited whilo a passenger pub licly lamented on the beach. It was moro odd still that the mother should have been tho chief, rather tho only actor. Sho was leaving indeed ; sho hoped to be taken as a Kokua, or clean assistant, and tiius accom pany her daughter to the settlement ; but sho was far from sure, and it was highly possiblo sho might return to Kona in u month. Tho lepers, on tho otlior hand, took Jeavq for cvor. In so far as regarded their own islo and birthplace, and for their friends and families, it was their day of death, Tlio soldier from tlic war returns, Tlio sailor from the main ; . But not tbe sick from tlic gray island. Yot they went unheeded, and tho chief part, and tho wholo stage and sympathy was for their travelling companion. At tho time I was too deeply moved to criticise ; moro sympathy oppressed my spirit. It had always been a point with 1110 to visit the station if I could. On the rocks of Hookcua the design was fixed. I had seen the departure of lepers for the place of exile ; I must see their arrival and that place itself. 