Town Talk. That the Hospital Saturday collections were very creditable, considering the times of de pression that we are experiencing. That the donations reflect credit upon donors and collectors alike-those for asking, and those for giving. That if we keep on at this pace, we might break last year's record, which was an all-fired good one, which nobody can deny. That, on Saturday it was very enjoyable (for an outsider. or rather one who had already been bled) to watch the approach of the next victim. That by the time the said victim got up to the stalls, the charmers were ready for him, and welcomed him right heartily. That it is safe to say that, in a good many instances, the said victim wished that the said charmers had not taken such a dashed lot of interest in him. That he had to part with the dross before he got out of the web. That the concert in aid of the Juvenile Tom. peranen C aade was an excellent one, but .whoe were rh h abstinseos people themselves? -there ought to have been more of them pre. sent. That they are numerous enough to fill the Shool of Arts when they have a mind to. Where were the abstinence people ? That they hadn's got the excuse that the night was dark or that it was roining, or that the price of admiession was exorbitant. That perhaps some of them had bought a yoke of oxen, and wanted to give them a trial (at night, too, mind youn I) That maybe some of them had parchased an allotment of ground, and wanted to inspect it (at night too, mind you I) That possibly ---- bat, there, what's the snee of inventing exonses That the most of the absentees are of age \- let them answer for themselves. That there is one thing very certain - they couldn't asy the talent wasn't good enongh to listen to. That Queensland has been well represented at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting. That the "mighty" Meephone and the somewhat less '"msghty" oi are both bananalanders. That the Rosewood Farmers' Club are to be congratulated on the fact that they have come out on the right side after their show. That that is what some other societies cs·n. not always do. That the "T.T." man is glad to hear that the Parliamentary Cleass rejeoted the proposal to throw open Schools of Arts, libraries, o., on Sundays. That the object of the proposition was right enough, but the resnit would not be quite what its supporters aim at. That Sunday was ordained by its Ordainer as a day of rest and worship. That as He probably had, a very good idea of what He wanted, the "T.T." man thinks the day had better be observed according to the Founder's intention. That it is only one step from the opening of libraries and museums tohorse- raoing and balls. and what would then become of our grand Sabbath-the best institution on this terrestrial sphere ? That the waterworke ghost has at isht walked to some purpose. That there is now a chance of its being laid at rest for ever. That that was a very important question asked by Alderman Browo-when are the new bathe to be opened offcially? That the Mayor was slightly in error-they do need offioial opening. That the correot plan is for the aldermen to meet at the baths in fall bathing ooatume. That then they all plunge in one after an other-the Mayor, of course, being the first to oleave the crystal flood. That it is needless to say that the baths woold thereby get the necessary wetting. That other wetting, flsvoured aooording to taste, could follow. That it is to be hoped hot baths will be ob. tainable. That if not, the new baths will fall short of what they ought to be, considering the town Ipswich is. That people are often ordered hot baths by the doctors, and the muanicipal baths are jout the place where they should be got. That that OCairns railway in a nioe little toy, all things sonsidered. That it will coat more than a million before it is finished. That the north has not been opened up very long, but it has sauoeeded in opening its capa oione maw very widely during its brief public -areer. That it is to be hoped that that railway will earn its oats very speedily. That it is gratifying to know that the Government purpose iauing a new edition of the Land Acts in pamphlet form shortly. That the Land Aots (we really have a few of sanob things) badly need ansoother edition. That if we also had another edition of the Government, with copions notes, indices, and annotations (especially the annotations) it would be a good thing. That everybody not blin4 will agree that it is time the present Government underwent revisios. That, for confirmation, don't refer to the tomb of Sesostrie, but ask the farmers' conven tion that at at Clifton, this week. That they have no divided opinions about federation either. That they are not going to have any dashed nonsense sboot their representatives. That if the said representatives "act the goast" In any way the allianoe reokon they will pat the hopples on them and take away their corn. That it might not always be wise to adopt eunoh a course, but the "T.T." man can re. member instaness in which snuch a curb wonuld have been a positive blessing. That he is not quite sure that he can't lay his hands on a case or two even now. That he is beginning to believe that in the early future the various producing interests will be better represented in the House than they have been in the past. That the time is coming when there willbe fewer lawyers and fewer. other undesirable olases in the Legislative Asseambly than there are just now, and, oh, what a blessing that nll bel That the Helidon Farmers' Association have given our legislators "the office" what to do with regard to federation. That the legislatore should make a note of this: Federation is a very fine thing for Sir S. W. Gifllith, for instance, beoucee if it comes off he will be elected to the Federal Parliament, where be eon show off his ability and then \-- - his blooming troubles about the Queena. land farmers who will then be pretty well ruined. 