Kettgious Kecords. .Religious Items. QUEENSLAND. • [Secretaries of Queensland churches are re quested to send short reports of all special I roEotfag* and circumstances relating to church | work, as soon as possible, addressed to the editor of the TPeefr.l A sale of work was held on the 20th and 21st instant in aid of the Hendra Baptist Taber naolo. The Be?. Pet±r Mary Buois, a minister of the Roman Catholic denomination, has notified his removal from Mount Morgan to Clermont. The Riv. Frederick G Buckingham, a minister of the Baptist denomination, has been duly registered as authorised to celebrate mar riages in Queensland. Father Davadl (says the Border Post) has purchased from Mr. Spillar five acres of land at Sug&rloaf;, including the new cottage on tba right of the road, and not far from the eld 8awyera' Arm* HoteL It is his intention to convert the cottage into a temporary chapel. The City Tabernacle Christian Endeavour Bociety held thrir monthly consecration meeting on Monday. The attendance was only fairly good. Soma 46 members took part in the meet ing, which was enlivened by musical effort, thus giving a joyful spirit to the whole pro ceedings. Between most of the items the presi dent offered a few well chosen remarks. The Charters Towers Presbyterian Sunday School appears to be in an exceeding gocd position. The number on the roll is about 200, with" 13 teschers. The attendance cf b^th indicates that a lively interest is taken in the institution The anniversary meeting was held last month, when a most encouraging report was presented. * The Bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber) has appomted the Rsv. T. D. Warner, rector of BE James, a rural dean. The parishes in cluded in tho rural deanery are Toowoomta, Drayton, Highfitlds, Liidley, and Dalty. The appointment was previously held by Bishop Dawes, but he resigned it ou being nomioated honorary rector of Bockhampton. Xho appoint ment of the rector of St. James as rural dean confers honour on the parish as well as on the recipient.—Toowoomba Chronicle. At vespers at St. Stephen's Cathedral, on 8ucday the Rev. Father Belton, of the old order of the Cinon Regulars of St. Angustine, preached to a very Iargecongregation. He dwelt on the tremendous mission which was undertaken by Christ to sanctify the world. Ho pointed out the gTeat obstacles which had to be enimounled, in combating the principles of the Jewish religions worship and all the glories of ,the great pagan Empire of Rome. Sunday being Whitsunday the Church com memorated the great gifts with which Christ endowed His church. The rev. father ex horted his hearers to render themselves always worthy temples of the Holy Ghost by frequent ing the sacrament* and keeping themselves constaotlj in the state of peace. The Papal benediction will be given by His Grace Arch bishop Dunne on Sunday next, after vespers. Albert street Wesleyan Church was crowded en Sunday in anticipation of a popular musical service. The Rsv. JL J.,Webbhaa evidently de termined that if stepping aside from " the old paths" will fill the city church of his denomi nation on Sunday nights it shall be done. A goodly portion of the music sung by the choir on Sunday night was eelectsd from Mozart's Twelfth Mass. The best rendered were the Kyrie as a quartette, and Gloria by the full choir, the wor.ls being taken from the Psalms. Miss Blanche Lambert sang, He Shall Feed His Flock," and " Come Unto Me " (Handel's Messiah). The arrange ment was from a very old edition. The later plan of setting the solo "He shill Feed His Flock " in a lower key suitable for a con- ' tralio is more to be preferred. Miss Lambert sang ! the latter solo well. Rev. A. J. Webb's ser mon dealt with11 The Conversion of St Paul." It is understood that another musical service will be held at an early date. The usual monthly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Brisbane Sanday School Union was held on Monday in the lojture-room of the Young Men's Christian Association. Mr. R. Balsock (president) occupied the chair, and there were 34 representatives present. The home secretary submitted the report of the Scripture Examination Sub* committee, which showed that in the union medal competi tion, out of seventy-two candidates entered forty-two presented themselves for examination, and that thirty-two out of forty-four candi dates came forward in the Myers medal com petition. The winners in the union examination were:—1. Li'lah Sirrett, Vulture street Bap tist, 76 per cent; 2, Ruth Bilbrongh, City Tabernacle, 7-5 per cent; 3. Lottie England, City. Tabernacle. 74 per cent; 4, Willie Ross, Vulture street Baptist, 69 per cent; 6, Ellen Gillies, Grey street Congregational, 65 per cent; 6, Hannah England, City Tabernacle, 62 per cent. Certificates were awarded to 1 en other competitors, who obtained from -50 to 60 per cent. The examiners for the Myers medal had not yot completed the appraisemeot of tho papers in that competition, but it was expected that they would fini-h their work in a day or two, and make their report before the end of the week. Several matters of detail were settled in connection with the annnal gathering on Monday next, the time for starting the pro cession being fixed at 9.30 a.m. 