AQT4, POF0LL By The Flaneur. ' Alas, poor ghost ! ' From the moment you fired jour unloaded barrel-less gun without a stock on Kama's haunted heath you were a fruit ful source of mirth — a thing of infinite je3t to all — but we grew weary of stirring you up for mad laughter's sake, and were forcei to lay you to rest at last. With the best of intentions, however, we ran a railway bang- again your own door, so to speak, in the hope that you would run up to Sydney occasionally and take the chair at a Boyae Water shivoo, but you Eeam to have been glad to be at peace, and the world would pro bably have never heard of you again but for the surprising stupidity of two anciant babblers who have summoned you out for public ridicule once more. Like Dogberry's prisoners, these two worthies are ' both in a tal-V and a precious pretty t de it is too. 'Why it was told is a far greater my&tery; than ever was the poor old Kiama Ghost itself. Sir Alfred Stephen started the story this ticae, and his idea in doing so saeme to have been to emphasize the fact that the public ace very back ward ia coming forward with subscriptions to' wards the Gtupidly-iiMned ' Pi ince Alfred Hos pital.' If anything could chill tbe people's zeal fcrthe welfare of that institution it is the ridi culous title chosen for it. That title wa3 selected cither by way ot keeping green the memory of a wretched madman's acfc, 01* by way of grovelling worship to a no-account party whose sole claim to recognition is simply that he happens io be the eon of his mother. Aa a man there are thousands amongst the starving poor of tbat mother's king dom who are infinitely her son's superior. Prince Alfred's notoriety for money- grubbing and low down acts of meanness is world-wide, and stamps his descent at once. He is a confoundedly bad fiddler, and he ranks Btill lower as a sennan. Be yond doing a Guelph's good share of gorge and guzzle he did nothing particular while here, and, therefore, Australians have a right to stand up and prot-st against one of their noblest in&t;tu- tions being called after such a commonplace nonentity, even though he be (ag Sir Alfred is never tired of reminding us) ' the s?n of the Queen.' He takes no more in terest in our hospital tbau the late Mr. ' Fitting Bull' doep, and as for helping it along by means of his plethoric purse, why he wouldn't donate enough to pay for giving the kitchen step a coat of whitewash. Prince Alfred's is no name to conjure by, and Sir Alfred would do well to remeoiber that solid fact for the futuie. As for the doughty Knight who nearly ' com mitted suicide to save himself from slaughter' by almost breaking bis neck in his. frenzied lush to ' lower himself to the ground,' i- is hard indeed to see why he should bob up to-day to again court tbe contemptuous ridicule of his fi-llow-men. On bis own showing Sir William Manning was so hopelessly flabbergasted when he found he waa looking into the business en-3 of the lunatic's pis fcol that he actuiHy could not bft otrraiu whether he feU to the grouni or the groand rose up and fell on top of him ; and yet he is apparently so sublimely ignorant oE the miserable part he played tV.at day that ha now stmisupand clothes himself with derieion as with a garment. L;ke a second Falstaff Sir William now struts forth and says, 'I am as valiant as Hercules : but beware inttinct. Instinct is a great matter j I cvas a coward on instinct.' This country hss been remarkably good to the Manning-Wise faiiily, and it is just possible that Sir William has been suddenly seized with an insane id* a that he can show that he, at least, ha* done the State some service in return. Dur ing the last 32 yearB the Manning- Wise or Wise Manning family have through fire of their number drawn from oup Treasury till in fa^aries and peueions no less ^108,G35 odd. Sir William Manning has already scooped J265,159 of this fine fat po il, and he continuo-3 to draw ^£1880 a year as a'Pui ne .Tudsjc'a pension, as well as .£800 s year as Solicitor- Ganoial, although the latter office has been abolished for some year?. In the face of this, Sir William m iy be pardoned for attempting to do -*om4hing for our imusoment to-day ; but the rjext time ho feels inclined to trot out the Clontarf sc?ne he should work it up into a sort oi; tableau vivant. We oould then fog eTiaefcly how be looked when he kept hia eagle oye on tho pistol, aud we might aloo see cometiiiag new ia the w»# of ground and lofty tumbling when the valiant Knight proceeded to lower himself to the earbh. iu the quickest time oa record. What is the capital of the Australian Sepublicf That ia the question which will cause trouble for tbe coining1 schoolboy as he admits his ignorance and holds out his hand for a refreshing supply p£ 'stirrup oil' or 'cane juice.' It ia causing unpleasantness amongst ourselves already, and there io reason to fear out- chief cities and towns will claw one another so badly over the business that when the cruel war is finished we won't have enough of any place le?t to form a capital at all. Albury has long siace chris tened it3elf the Federal City; but aow we find WarcHambool asserting its superior claims on account of the prolific nature of its potato crops. Wagga also pubs ia a claim on tbe score oO its having formerly been the home of the Tich* bourne Claimant; whilst Tenterfield submits that it once saved Parkes's political life, and eonse« quently, it should be looked npon as the saviour o£ Federation as well. Suttou Forest bases ifco claim oa tbe fact that Lord Jersey resides there occasionally, while my own native city proudly points out that it has already spread c bond o£ union all over Australia by means of that delight ful plant, the ' Bathurst Burr.' Sourlre draws attention to the salubrity of its climate and its teetotal reputation ; Kiama trusts to itsgooiold 'Gboafcj' and a place called Soodgee Boodgee asserts its right to the honour because it is 500 miles away from any place at all on every side, and consequently it has heaps of room to spread. ' Teapot Swamp ' has not yefe advanced its par ticular claims, and a like negligence is nct'caable on the part of ' Flaherty's Flat,' ' M'Ginty'a Lagoon,' and Dead Dog Gully,' but there is plenty of time to spare, oni it ia aot definitely settled that we will ever require a Capital City at all. Tbe Kev. Mr. Birch recently lectured ia the Burton-street Tabernacle, Woolloomooloo, oa the very attractive subject of ' Burglars aud Stone Jugs.' I fancy Mr. Bircb. must have been a very young niiB when he was born, for he thought it was necessary to esplain to the people o£ Woolloo mooloo tbat the ' Stone Jugs ' he referred -to were not those useful utensils which find their way into the side entrances of pubs go often on paydays, but tbey were 'the name applied by tbe criminal classes to prieons.' Wbetber he knew what the meaning of the Woolloomooloo hood lum's war cry 'Nit' means, or not, or whether he is acquainted with the surgical operation known to the members of the ' Blaok-red Push.' ao ' Given *im Bondi' are matters of doubt, but Mr. Birch can rest assured that so far a1? tbe slang dictionary is concerned ho can saftly ascept Premier Parbes's dictum that ' we have nothing to learti f'Om Hingland.' If Mr. Birch chooses he can occasionally oull some splendid specimens of Anglo-Australian slang ia our Senat.a HaU itself. We *lso read fcbat the reverend lecturer 'told some touching nto i^s of bnrjlars who had been happily reachei by Christian influence.' That might do very well for the Loadon burglar, but if the Sydney crib-crack r ever calls on Mr. Birch about 3 am. I'd advhe tbe lafc'er to reich his visitor with the contents of a sis shooter. I once beard of a 'Christian influence' lidy who, finding a burglar in her bedroom, gave him a good sum of money, a pi us little Jecturf, an 1 a hamper fil'ed with some of the choicest a-tioles in her pantry. Next day that sinful man died i a the greatest agony. He bai been badly ' reached' by the influence of some home- niide pa3try wbijh the kind lady had donated aad he never sianed igain. Another touching tale is told of four knights of the 'James' nr 'Jimmy,' who carried a thumping great iron safe t«o miles, worked like clemons for three hours t- burst it open, and then Pound it contained nothing, except 5d in coppers and a brown paper pattern of a night dres'. When the quartette became aware of this they made a Eew appropriate remarks, bat it would mar tbe sublimity of the story to repett them here. Mr. Birch finally declared that 'the only way to bless the burglars is to have faith in them.' So we have. We have the most implicit faifch in their ability and perfect willingness to rob anything from a poor-bos up to the Mint, and that is why we build nice ' Stone Jugs' to keep them out of mischief. Aa this is the holiday season, when the gentle burglar loves to go a burgling, I would advise our readera to put plenty of faifch in them also, and, if urgently needed, a good charge of buckahofc as well. Kindest holiday greetings to all, and mny the bright rays of peace and prosperity be the only things which break into ouc home3 this happy EiBter-tide. In connexion with an alleged confossion oa hi3 de&tbbsd.by; tbe Prince Napoleon, aud in which. be is said to have made some extraordinary revelations, a cable mossi^o, March 24, states that an inquiry into tie matter has been ordered by bin Holiness tii© Fopy. . 