®rumb0. Bain. Shots. Theatre. Jerusalem. Promotion. Our visitors. See-saw legislation. "Come on, Macduff." Good growing weather. Easby officers 011 their trial. Yacht Club Bazaar still open Barometer at coon to-day, 29*85. America is-rich in train robbers. Musical Ghost Illusion stl 1 ' op an. Interesting letter from Major Stuart. Cross Proverbs at Bromptou to-night. Ebby blossomed out afre 3h ns a Tory. Our toy fleet will be here on October 2. A nasty jar for lawyers in tbe Assembly. Professor Pennefather, LL.D. has arrived. Ward and Cotton exchanging jmpl'Tien Blame all round for the late shipping d ;< ™iter. Hark, hark, the Jews are coming to Austral. Sir Thomas Esmonde, "home ruler,"marlied. To-morrow is the last day of the Fasting Man. Bev. C. Manthorpe will be heia on Oct' ber 8. Cyclonuna—last month's run upwards of 4,000. Adelaide students enjoying themselves in Ballarat. What dry work oil an election day without a liquor! Presbyterian Bazaar at the Pori to day Mid to- morrow. Glanville Refinery Works v.ill soon be in full swing. VaVant Tom with his foot on *'ie neck of the enemy. « It is impossible to put dona G: irge Witherage. The world's bicycle reoord brought down to 2 mm. 16 sec. The Bussts e-e coming over for the October cycling meeting. Single Electorates Bill running the gauntlet of local jealousy. Literary Society's third competition at Norwood to-night. The Jersey Lily" is coming to captivate Australians next year. The. j -s a gocd deal tD be said for private hearing of divorce suits. Council is having: another go in about the Railway Commissioners. Provisional Government of Chili is disposed to return an eye for an eye. When great political issues are at sta*:3 Mr. Cotton objects to buffoonery. Movement in Melbourne for closing pabVr - houses altogether on election days. Our Ebenezer believes the slaves did not profit by the American Civil War. Mr. Cross will cure indigestion with merry Proverbs" at Brompton to-night. Nearly every town in the country wor'd l'"ke to be the centre of a single electorate. Sun rose at 6.17 a.m.; sets at 6.42 p.m. Moon rose at 6.58 a.m.; si-ts at 6.27 p.m. Hon. R. C. Baker was absent from the Hon. E. Ward's oration through a happy cause. Obituary.—Mrs. Searle, aged 85, and Mrs. Whinham, aged 81, both of North Adelaide. A Judge who denies the public ac%38 to Court proceedings undertakes a grave responsibility. Our Bishop Caldwell want3 to produce rain by explosives. Another injustii a tD the Church. Piovisional Government of Chili hr T shot a number of persons for harbouring refugees. It is characteristic of his modesty that Ebby should give George the first place in appre nation of charms. Moonta people would rather have the Governor see their Agricultural Show than their Masonic Lodge. Mr. Cotton's reference to Mr. Ward's - susceptilility to political impressions made the great orator angry. The slaves grew cotton and therefore ' otton knew all about them." Worss than poetry, Mr. Ward. Mr. Ward only spoke an hoar and fifly minutes. His Assembly form was greatly in excess of that time. Sir Henry Parkes, who had been the most experienced, and perhaps the most euooesaful, soap bubble blower." Lieutenant Clucas is very proud of his old soldiers, many of whom have been actual war and know how to fight. "Well, ever sinoe he had heard the name < : G. W. Cotton it was usually referred to as that of a great lady-killer.'* It is not true that after Mr. Ward had suggested what the mob would do somebody sighed for the mob to rise. It is expected that the State shs'l find n> only the tcDls but a grindiugstone to sharpen them for the learned profession. Sir Richard Cartwrieht finds an eloquent plea for free trade in the Canadian census. Got tbe right horse as well as cart this time. Russian Jews are returning destitute from Palestine. It does not look as though the Promised Land can support Rucsian farmers. When women get their rights men will, as ; 3 sometimes done now, walk straight into their pews first and make a spot Btroke for the bosock. The head-master of a school recently put up a notice that on an early d^ie he would lecture on the following subject:— "Our eyes and how we see through them." Shortly afterwards he WPS astonished to find an alternative t : .tle written underneath—'* Our pupils, and how they see through us." Full exercise of the brain is favourable to health and longevity, and prolonged brainwork is not necessarily injurious when unattended by hurry, anxiety, or excitement. Where the nerve force is limited, the effect of over activity is dangerous; but in the young and strong it is not injurious. The Bishop of Treves says :—" No Catbolio may doubt without suffering sbipwrc sk of his faith, that we owe revenue to the reverence of our Lord and His Saints. The genuineness of a • relic rests like every other historical fact on human testimony. The authenticity of carelic, not even of the most celebrated in the most ancient Churches of Christendom, falls under any prescription of Catholic faith." The torpedoes now being made at Finite too below water at a rate of thirty-five n>>Iei hour, and carry a charge of two hundred and forty pounds of gun cotton, the explosion of which is so irresistible that probably ao shipcould endure it. What is more, the orinolic') of steel rings, whioh has been Ba 3e9aful hitherto in keeping at a distance a'l smaller torpedoes, yields, it is asserted, at once to the weight and impact of the large Whiteheai implement. At a railway station in tha Western district of Victoria (according to a contemporary) a - stout lady with a large bundle, got into a firstclass carriage. She had a semnd-class look, and a porter ran up aud asked, " Are yoa. first-class, ma'am ?" " Well, I'm not exactly first-class, but I'm purty .well, thank ye— having a slight touch of the lumbagie," replied. the lady, as the train moved out of tbe station. And she added, to ber feilow-paseeogers,. " They do say a great dale against thim porters,. but that's a nice civil spoken young man^ any" way." FAX.—Did you ever read the particr> 1 ars of r the romantic and hairbreadth escapes of that - harum- scarum Charles 1L after the Battle of' Worcester? If not, just focus your mental telescope upon the events that ooenrred just 240 years ago this vety day. Yes, it was on September 4, 1651, that the royri fugitive, having, under cover of night, with sixty other horsemen, fled from Woruester, arrived at- Whiteladies, near Boscobel House the asylum of the five Penderells. And how do you think th"» loyal people managed to disguise his identity from the prying eyes of the pursuing Parliamentarians!' They immediately took hiin to a private department, cut off his hair close to hi® skull, discoloured his hands and facet exchanged hb clothes for the threadbare and ooarse ^ garment of a labourer, and completed the metamorphosis by arming him with a woodman's billhook. Then under the esoort of Richard Penderell they proceeded to Madeley, where they were secreted in a barn belonging to a Mr. Wolf, a Catholio recusant, who in reality was anything but a wolf, and at nightthey returned to Bosoobel House. Fax. 