A STAGE GHOST. \ In the course of thirty years' experience as an actor and manager in the provinces, I have had some curious adventures, but never one so. utterly beyond my powers of comprehen sion as an occurrence which took place at the Theatre-Royal, Woolford, jnst before Christ mas 1S72. I have often related toe details of this matter to my friends, and it was talked of freely at the time. Of course, every man who' heard it had a theory of his own wherewith to account for the incident. which I could not possibly account for ; neverthe less, none of these theories ever satisfied me, and I am as much mystified to- day about that strange affair as I' was the £day it happened, now eighteen years ago. Woolford, as most people — at least people of my profusion — are aware, is one of the most important theatrical towns to England, and its Theatre- Royal is visited week after week by the leading touring companies. Eighteen years ago, however, it was the habit of some companies to remain in a large town for more than a week, and it was to accordance with this practice that the com pany of which I was a member stayed at Woolford for the three weeks preceding Christmas- 1S72. We were a strong com bination, and daring oar 'stay to toe place gained mnch applause for our presentation of Shakespearean plays, a selection of which we put forward with exceptionally good mount ing and accessories. , There were three persons to our company who excited my interest to an unusual decree. The first was our leading lady, Miss Helen Lattimer, a very handsome clever woman, who was as charming off the stage as on it She was a good deal above toe ordinary run of actresses, and looked upon her work with that fine enthusiasm which always tends to success. It was a great thing for her chances to the prof ession that she had been exception ally well educated, and was thus able to give effect to passages to the great dramatist's works which an ordinary mind would have found it difficult to understand. She worked very hard, and devoted several hours a day to study, with the result that when she repre sented one of her favourite characters you quite forgot Miss Helen Lattimer, and thought only of Juliet cor Desdemona or Perdita, as the case might be. Miss Lattimer, to fact, , had already achieved the great dis tinction of snbmerging herself in toe character " which she engaged to presteit. ' The second person who attracted my notice" was our leading tragedian, Mr Edwaid Boville. He had come into toe company under somewhat mysterious circum stances . None of us knew him as an actor ; he had certainly not gone through the will, as most of us had; aud yet he proved himaplf very speedily a mote finished artist, and rapidly rose from a minor position to toe one lie occupied at Woolford; Our manager, if he knew anything of Boville's history, careiully refrained f;om sharing the knowledge with US) . ouu wc mciuiui o iuvcuu.u a otuij lor ourselves to the effect that Boville was a peer to disguise who was acting for amusement. That he was a gentleman we had no doubt. He had all the manners and tone of toe society which we usually call aristocratic, and it was palpably evident that he had been educated as only public-school and university men are. He was always kind and sociable with the - rest oi. us but we knew well enough chat he was not of us, and that under other conditions we should not have had intimate relations with him. Boville was a tall handsome man of 28 or. 30, and I often thought that he and Mirk Lattimer made a very fine couple. After he joined the company, Miss Lattimer and he struck up' a friendship which no doubt seemed to some of us likely to develop into affection. They were a great deal together, and they spent hours on the stage rehearsing ecenes -from famous plays, jnst for the love of toe thing, I think. But to spite of all thiB, I never saw anything which led me to suppose Boville to he' to love with Mies Lattimer. He was always as respectful to her, in a formal and somewhat half-distant fashion, as he was to the other ladies, who, I believe, were half afraid of his "swell" manners. There was one person, however, who thought that Boville was making love to Miss Lattimer, and that was the third of the three persons who had excited my interest. .Until Boville's sudden advent and rapid rise amongst us, Mr. Charles Melford had always been regarded as our mote promising man. He had a long experience, came of a family of actors, and might be said to have been . born on the stage. It was only natural that he shonld very much resent the way in which our managed passed Boville over his head, and he did not hesitate to express his resent ment, arte to throw ont hints about amateurs and stage- struck swells, and bo on. To this, however, no one paid much attention, for Boville was Undoubtedly a very fine and capable actor, and well worthy the esteem in which our mauager held him. I had often thought that Melford was to love with Miss Lattimer. I had seen him watching her with an expression to his face which 1 did not like; I had seen him try to gain speech of her and fail, at which times the look would turn to cne of baffled anger. He was not a bad fellow when you came to know him ; but his darS:, come what sullen countenance- did not inspire any one with feelings of liking. Then, too, he was moody and taciturn, and sometimes had ugly fitfe, to whioh it. was almost dangerous to speak to him. I believe that old Simpson, our manager, would have got rid of him but for the fact that Melford was a toorougbiy- tratoed actor, and a very useful man in a travelling company. It was the first week in December when we opened -at Woolford, and we were to remain there until the 20th, when the theatre would be closed fpr a few days to allow of preparations being made for the annual pantomime. During the two or three weeks preceatog our arrival at Woolford, matters seemed to have grown very strange between Boville and Melford, and more especially between Melford and Miss Lattimer. On more than one occasion I happened to come across Miss Lattimer and Melford talking together, and I fancied each time that she was in tears, while I was quite certain that he was speaking angrily and with a sort of peiemptorinesr that he had no right to assume. .Tsro'daye after our arrival at Woolford I overheard these two talking in one-of the dressing-rooma, and caught the final words whioh were spoken by Melford. 4 1 shall stand it no longer : I'll give you twenty-four bouts, and if you don't speak then, I shall !" Then lie went apbruptly away, and very soon afterwards I saw Miss Lattimer leave the theatre : and though she had a thick veil on, it was evident to me that she had been shedding tears. I wondered what it was that Melford wished her to speak abont, but finally decided that it was nothing more than some grievance to relation to business matters, of which Melford, being a peevish man, always had a stock. And yet that hardly accounted for Miss Lattimer's teai - How ever, it was no business of mine, and I tried to dismiss it from my thoughts. - Our play that night was 44 Romeo and Juliet," with Miss Lattimer and Boville as the two ill-fated lovers, and Melford in the part of Tybalt. The occasion was somewhat out of the ordinal y, for the Mayor and Aldermen of Woolford had given their patronage, and were to be present in full force. When, the curtain went up there was hardly standing-room in tho more popular parts of toe house ; and by the time we had reached the h-ill-eceue, and Romeo saw Juliet for the first time, there was not a seat to be had in stalls or boxes, fur love or money. It seemed to me that Boville was some what agitated that night. 1 had Been him early in the evening to conversation with Miss Lattimer at the wings. They were not long together ; but Melford saw them, and a fierce look came over his face. He went .away, mattering to himself, and I thought that we should have trouble ere long. Little did I guess how it was to come. We reached tbe scene where Tybalt, re timing to the stage, is met and slain by Borneo. I stood at the wings watching, others of the company standing near me. Ty balt rushed on, and was met by Romeo. I started to see how real the thing looked. Both men, Boville and Melford, glazed at each other ai if the quarrel had been a real ope affecting toemselyes. . The duel com menced, tlte fencing was superb, for both' men were accomplished swordsmen!. One of the men standing by my Bide remarked how like a real fight it was. Suddenly, as to toe stage directions, Romeo ran Tybalt through the heart, and toe latter with one glare round, dropped. Boville stood motionless for a second, gazing at his prostrate 'foe. A long sigh broke upon the crowded house; And then all of a sudden, one of toe girls standing at the wings shrieked aloud and pointed to a stain that was rapidly crimson ing tbe boards. The duel had been no acting; it was real, and Melford lay there dead ! 1 have only a confused recollection of what followed. There was no more acting that night, and the streets were soon full of a crowd talking of the awful mischance that had inte taken place at the Theatre-Royal. For mischance it conld be, and nothing teee. By some dire mistake,, Boville had used a buttonless rapier. At toe crucial moment, he said, Melford slipiped, and toe weapon, in stead of passing between body and arm, had penetrated his heart. Of course ihere was an inquiry and an inquest and so en; but everybody seemed agreed that the whole thing was a terrible accident, and no blame was attached to Boville. Melford was interred, and to a day or two the matter was treated, like toe pro verbial nine days' wonder. But Boville went abont looking very pale and haggard — a great contrast to Miss Lattimer; vtoo some- . how seemed to have reeovered'her spirits. For a week after toe accident toe theatre was closed and when we re-opened, Boville's name, was not on the bills, the manager con sidering tt advisable that he shonld not appear for a while. Consequenlty the dnties of leading man devolved on me, and hara work I had daring the next fortnight. However, I acquitted myself so much to the satisfaction of old Simpson that he set apart toe last night of our stay at Woolford for my - benefit. Now, I had always a desire to play Romee, and I was aU toe more anxious to appear in that character on my benefit night because Miss Lattimer was an incomparable Juliet. I talked the matter over with Simp son. We were both dubious about toe pro priety of producing toe play again so soon afrer the fatal accident; out we finally decided upon doing so, and toe bi' Is were got out. I was anxious that Buviile should up- port me. and prevailed upon him to take tbe part of Tybalt. He shivered slightly when I named the part tohim, buttiusliy consented on condition that an assumed name should go down on the bills. The night came ; X'had a full house and a splendid reception, and Miss Lattimer was in magnificent form. The early scenes went off admirably, and after the balcony scene I felt so elated 'with my own success as to have visions of a great career in the metropolis. Boville, on the other hand, was gloomy and under a cloud. " Tom," she eaid, comingjto me at the wings, 44 something is going to happen to me to night." 1 looked at him in amazement. He snook his head. 44 Something will happen to me to night," he repeated. 44 1 know it. I feel," he said in a lower voice, and looking round him, — 44 1 feel that something is haunting me." " Nonsense !" I answered. 44 You're out of sorts, Boville. The Christmas . jollities will put you all right " 4 You'll see," he said, and turned away. The scene soon came where I, as Romeo, encounter the fiery Tybalt and slay him. As I stood awaiting Boville's approach, I suddenly became aware of a strange coldness that seemed to spread itself all round me. The words, 4 Here comes the fiery Tybalt back again.' fell on my ears unheeded. I saw Boville advancing" And then — I felt a cold touch on my hand, and a voice — Melford's voice —whisper : 44 Not yon, Tom." I felt myself held as to a -rice, and saw another Romeo glide past me sword to hand. I caught a glimpse of his face— heavens ! it was Melford came back. I heard the. rapiers clash to gether and stood spell-bound. I heard a voice behind me wlrisper : 44 Go on, Tom— go on," and never moved. I was watching something that no one in that house saw except myself. There they stood, the living man Boville, and the ghost Melford, fighting. Suddenly, Melford's rapier went home, and Boville fell. I fainted and dropped on toe 6tage. , When I came round, it was to hear of. a tragedy. -They said that Boville advanced ' upon..the stage, and that I, for some un accountable reason, stood still as if transfixedt Boville's face suddenly assumed a horror- stricken expression; he threw up his aims and dropped — dead. Heart-disease, toe doctors said. I told my story afterwards, and got laughed at. But whatever the truth of the matter may be, and whatever was toe nature of that strange secret shared by Miss Latti mer and the - two men, I know beyond question that my place aB Romeo was assumed for a minute by toe spirit of Charles Melford to order that he might wreak his vensreance on toe man who had murdered biin three weeks before.— Chamber's Journal. 