IMovelfst. . IN. JEST; On u morning in (ho curry' spring of last year two mou stood tanning ngninst tho nmntolpieco of n room in ono of tho Kovcrmnont offices. Tho taller of llio two — lio who was nfc homo in tho room — was ii slim, woll-tlrossed man, wonriri' Ins Imiv parted oxnclly in tho middle' nnd n diamond pin in thoRnilor knotof his tin. His frock cont was open and his thumbs wore stuck in tho nrmholea of his waistcoat. Tho attitude denoted corn plnconoy, and tho mnn was compla cent. ' -i ' Woll, tho funny part of it is,' he » wnR sn.vhig lightly, hi3 (moulders pressed ft ngiiiiist tho nmntolpieco, ' that I mn din ± ' uig nt tho Burton Smiths this oven *? ins. ??? . ' Ah 1' his companion nnstverod, look - ?. ''g up n- him with oyos of envy. ' .And ?| «o you will khzq on hor?' . | 'Of course.' ?? '' I-iucky dog !' f. ' ''She is to como (o thftm to-day. Hut £ . . 1 buy do not know about our (-n''ii'uiniint I ?T^ .vof- nnd us nlm doos r.ot want to blurt it f 'lir '-hu moment sho arrives— so for this :? fvoninjr it will ho u seorot. 1 thought I ;i would mil vim, though.' ;.; '° Hti'pped nwny as ho spoko to If' strni»hipn n red morocco-covered dis !-? piueh box standing on tho table bohitid !,: ''''? It horo. bosidos tho flaunting gilt [;?-? capitals 'I.O.,' u modest pinto with tho W ' ' nanio 'Hriiust Wibburluy . — his nnino, fe The other waited until he resumed liis : I-lllc'1.'«iiclt.hoiihoansn'eredJlioldingoiitlii3 [i, hand: [;- ' tea, I nm glad you told mo, old boy. 5: 1 onnariitulato you niORt heartily.' :' 'Thank j-ou, Jack. 1 know you would. I rather feel myself that ' fnto K- cannot. Imrni mo. 1 Imvo dined to |'£ dny.'' ' - ?% 'JInppy fellow !' roturnod .Tnek, and ?'- l-rosently disappeared. '?.'. Tho Burton Smiths whom wo Jiavo ? heard thorn mention nro tolornbly woll known 'in London. P.urton Smith is a barrister with money and nuinr rxInHnna — Trish landlords, Scotch members, In dian judges, and tho like, His wifo is young, gr.icious nnd fond of Bocioty. t ?? Their 'drawing rooms nn I ho topmost flat 'f Onslow Jlanaious — rooms with alnpin' ceilings and n dozen rjuuint nooks and corners— are f-eldoni empty durin' tho ri\£?i.'lation hours. This particular dinner party l:ad boon ])lnnncd with somo caro. 'Lady Linacro will come, no' doubt,' AVrs. Burton Smith had unid ono day at breakfast, conning a list sho held in' hoi hand, ' and Mr. Jfny.' But Burton Smith strongly objected to May. ' , 'fro will talk of nothing but India,' ho protested, ' and tho superiority of Calcutta over London. A littlo of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my ' Well, James,' Mrs. Burton Smith replied— tho Hon. Voroker May is a son t i-f Lord -Hawthorn— ' ho will tiiko me in and! do not. mind. Only I imiBt have Sir. \\\ ibberley on the other side to make conversation nnd keep mo alive. Lot mo see— that will be three. And Joanna isurton— she comes that afternoon — four. Ho you Imow, James, when wo wero at Tomplo Jluthley for Christmas I thought thero was something between your cousin and Mr. Wibberley T' ' -. 'No I' - 'Yes.' 'Then for goodness' sake do not let them sib together.' 'Why not?' 'Because they. will chnt to each other and to no ono e]se.' '? Very' well,'! Mrs. Smith assented. ... They shall sit opposite each other, and 3 Mr. Wibberloy shall take in Mrs. Gulan tinp. Sho will bo sure to flirt with him, and wo can watch Joan's faco. I shall soon seo if there is nnytliing het.Wfnii them then, of course.' ' Very clover plan, my dear.' Mr. AVibb'erley was a young man of Romoimportanoo, if only in his enpanity of private secretary to a minister. He -*tk had a thousand ncqtinintmioes and cer tainly two friends— perhaps three. . He might be something some day. He or'ssed WL'll, lonkod woll, and tulkuU wnll. He wns a trifle conceited ; but. women liko 'tluit 'in, young men, nnd li« ' had an infinite tact. At in.yratu he had never yet. found himself in a place, too Bti-itifclit for him. ? .- . ? ? ? This evening as he dressed for dinner he was in his happiest mocd. Everything seemed to be going well wi h him. He was going to a house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would lie, ns we know, someone else. 'Lady Linacre,' said hi3 hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with white hnir, n double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. . , 'Mr. May you hnvo met before,' con tinued In'a hostess, 'and you know Miss Tiurton, too, do you not J* Ho. murmured assent,' while Joanna shook Iiaiid3 with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile,' perhaps, ' Ho played his part woll, too, for a moment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, nnd offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. Sho was an old friend of his — as friends go in society. Ho had taken her in- to dinner, that is, two or three times. ' Who is that girl J' she asked, when they were seated, and sho raised her glasses and stared nt her vis-a-vis, '1 declare sho would be pretty if her nose were not so short.' He seized tho excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. ' It is rather short,' hs admitted, gaz ing with a whimsical souse of ownership nt the deficient organ. 'But some people like short noses, don't yu know ?' ' And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums ! But seriously, sho would be prptty if it neio not for that.' ' Would she V' ' Woll, E think shn would, do you know ?' And certainly ? Joanna was pretty, though her forehead wns too largo, hor noso'too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes wero bright, her complexion perfect-, and lior faco told of wit and good tompor. She had beautiful arms, too, for n chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantino said nothing nbout tho arms, because hor own did not form ono of her nttraotivo points. Wibborloy, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet ho had would fit them. Ho saw Jonnnn woro a bracelet — n sketchy gold thing. Ho wondered whether he should hog it for n pattern, or whether it might not ba more ploiisant to measure tho wrist for himself. But Sirs, f-ialantinn returned (o the charge fresh ns a rose. ' Sho is a cousin, is sho not?' she said, speaking so loud that Joanna looked across nnd smiled. ' I havo nevor met her before. Toll mo all about hor, plcnso.' 'Tell her nil ubout her!' Wibberloy gasped. no saw a difilc'ilty in oheyina, ns tho general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hoar every word, ifii cast nu appalled glnnoo round tho table, ihon ho bent to his tnslc. 'Mrs. fialantine,' ho murmured sweetly, confidentially, 'pray — pray be vnre of becoming n — a potato 1' Mrs. Oalnntino. dropped her knifo and fork with n clnUer. 'How horrid! A potato, Mr. Wib barley? What do you mom ?' ' What I say.' ' Now, how could I became a potato ?'* 'Yon soo my pinto? It is a picture. You havo there tho manly boot! nnd Iho feminine peas, so tender, so younu ! And tho potato is tho ccnlidant — it in insipid. Do you agrco with mo?' ' Bravo, Mr. Wibhorloy ! But am 1 to apply tho pnrablo ?' shn. asked, glanc ing sharply across tho table with hor fork uplifted nnd a pea upon it. ' I am to bo tlio potato 1' ' Tho choice is with you,' he roplied. Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing him so ab sorbed in liia companion, grow' puzzled. Look ns often ns she might nt Joanna,sho saw no sign of jealousy or selfconscious ness in tho girl's faco. Joanna seomed to bo enjoying horsolf to tho full, nnd to bo ns much interested ns any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith saw clearly that there wns nothing between the two. But Wibbirley's success with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. Aftor' tho ladies had withdrawn ho grew rost losa. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vcrekcr May hnd ranched that. period o£ the oven* ing when India was accustomed to put ou its rosiest, tints, nnd the two facing each other fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian hnd seen much nnd thought littlo, and tho private secretary hnd rend more nnd thought not at nil. ' They worn therefore about on a par ns to information, and what tho younger man lacked in obstinacy ho made up by readiness. Tt was in vain the na bob blustered, assorted, contradicted — finally grew sulky, silent, Rtoitnrnus, Wibberley pushed his triumph, and soon, as wo shnll seo, paid for it denrlv. It so happened thnt ho wnR the Inst to enter Iho drawing-room. Tho evening wns chilly. Tho Indies hnd gathered round the lire, protected from assault by a couplo of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. Tho incomers passed one by ouo through these outworks — all but Wibber loy. Ho cast n despairing glnneo at Joanna, who was by the fireplace in tho heart of the citadel ; nnd then, rcsigni'ig liimsolf to separation, ho took n low chair, by one of tho /tables nnd hncan to turn, over the books thereon. lTo soanned thorn all, and then his eyes fell on n brncelot lying by the.ni on the olive green plush— n sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss — Jonnnn's. He looked nt tho rest of the party with a stealthy gliince. Xono of them faced his why. Thoy wero discussing n photo graph of children on the over-mantel.- IFo stretched his hand out softly nnd covered the bracclot. Tie would tnko it. forn pat tern, nndto-morrow.Tonnna should ransom it. Ho tried to catch her eye, ns his lingers closed on it. Iln wnnted to seo her face chnngo nnd hor color ri=i-. It would hnvo ndded to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish net ho was committing if_ sho had boon privy to it, yet unable to prevent it. But shn would not look, nnd ho was obliund to he content with his plunder. Jki slid tl'ii trinket diu'tly under tho ( rinue t'f thu table and clapped it on his arm. Hu hnd a keen soiiko of the ridicu lous, nnd ho would not for nil' tho, world ♦ hut tmynno besides JoAnnn nhould know of the nut i thnt doddering old fos'!il of n May, for instance, who, however, was safe enough — standing on fhe honrth-rui; with his back turned and his slow mind forming an opinion on tho photograph. ; Then Wibberloy began to lind the pnrty dull. Hu saw unull chance nf a f-rivnto word with Jonnnn. Lady Lin acre, his nearest neighbor. «ns prosing on to Mrs. Burton Smith, ' hia next nearest. And he himself, after thining at . dinner, had fallen into tbe back ground: Ilung itj he would go. ? It was ten o'clock. He rose, and was stooping across the tablo murmuring his excuses to hia hostess, when Lady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the lamp at tho moment, and ho fancied he had touched lier head dress.- . 'Pray pnrdon me, Lady Linacre !' he cried, gaily. ' I nm just going — I have to_ leave early — so the encroach ment will bo but for a moment.' ' It is not that,' tho old lady replied. ' P.ut oh ! where is my bracelet'?1' Sho was fcoling about the table ns she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands tho few volumes that lay on it. 2fo one on the instant, however, seomed. to take in tho situation. Mrs. Burton Smith hsid risen and was listening to Wibberley. .Tho others were talking. Lady'Linacro wns used to attention ; and when sho spoke again hor voice wns shrill and almost indecently loud. ' Whore is my bracelet 1' sho repeated. ' Tho ono with the Agra diamond I was showing you, Airs. Burton Smith. It was hero a moment ago, and it is gone 1' Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. Ho heard the old lady's words, but did not cloarly npply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as ho turned recol lected himself! and snid with polite solici tude : 'What is it, Lady Linncro ? Have you dropped something 1' lie stooped ns he spoke, and she drew her skirts n$.ido, nnd both prered at the floor, while those sitting noar asked : ' What is it, Lady Linncro ? What Iihpb you lost?' ' At- Acrra diamond I'1 she replioii fu.'i'iy. her head quivering, her fingora -r r!T-(- about, hor silk flouiiises. ' No '? «nf ct someone in surprise. ?? Vr».' she returned dismally. ' Why, it was here n moment ago. I snr ft la vmt hand.' The olcf huly held out her wrists. ' Sou for yourselves. I havo not got it,' sho said, feebly. .'?'?'. ' But are you sure it is not in your lap V naked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this time tho attention of tho whole party had beon drawn to the losn, and one uv two of tho most prudent looked uncomfortable. ; 'Xo ; 1 nm sure T Inid it on tho table l)y my Bide. I wns going to put it on when tho gentleman came in, nnd — it is gono I' Sho wn.i quite clenr nbont it, nnd looked mildly at Wibbcrly for confirmn tion. The tablo was botweon them. She thought ho must have soon it lying thora, Mrs. Burton Smith being tho only person close, to tho tuble. Burton Smith saw tho look. ' I say, Wibberly,' apponling to him half in fun, linlf in earnest,' you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow ?' 'I? Certainly not.' To this day 12rnest Wibborly wondera when ho first mado tho discovery of what ho hnd done — thnt he had taken tho wrong bracelet. It wns not enrly — it was not until tho owner had twice proclaimed her loss that he felt liimsolf redden nnd nwoko to tho consciousness thnt tho brncolcfc wns on lm own arm. He might hnvo said nt once, ' By .Tovo I T slipped it on my wrist in. pure absence of mind,' but such excuses to avail must bo made nt once, nnd he hesitated. Then each moment made tho avowal more, difficult and loss possible, until his host, nsked him if ho had hidden it for n joke, and he hnd answered with well feigned sur prise : ? . 'IV Certainly not.' Afowof thogiiosts woropoerincstupidly nbont ns if they expected to find the lost nrticlo in n llowor vnso or within the trlobe of n lump. Presently their hostess mnyed thesn explorations. 'Wait a moment! I have it!' she cried, raising hor hend. ' Woll ?' from several. 'John must hnvo found it when he brought in Iho ten. Ring tho bell, James, do, mid wo will nsk him.' So it wns dr.no. John came in and tho question wns put to him. ' Yes, sir,' ho imswored, readily; '1 faw n bracelet on this table bv tho lamp.' Via indicated the tnblo nonr Lndy Lin ncro. ' Did you move it ?' ' Move it, sir?' tho man repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strninod faces turned to him. ' No, Bir, 'certainly not. I snw it. when I was handing the tea to — to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was.' 'Ah, woll, that is all. You may go,' answered his master. It wns nofc possible to doubt the man's fnco nnd manner. ISut when ho hnd left tho ronm an uncomfortable silence ensued. . ' It is very strange,' said Burton Smith, looking from ono to the other, and then groping under tho table. ' ft is very strange, ' Wibberly mur mured. Ho felt bound to say something. Ho fnneied tho others, and pavlicxilnrly Mny, woro onsting special looks nt him. Ho felt ns if ho woro each instant betraying .liimnelf by his changing color. * ' It cost,' qunvcrod Lndy Linncre, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently — 'it nost fourteen thousand out thero. Indeed ir. did ; nnd thnt was before it wns sot. A hush fell upon the room. ' Fourteen thousand pounds 1' Unrlon .Smith exclaimed. .' Xn. no, not pounds, rupees,' the old lndv hastily ndded. ' I nrdersinnd,' ho replied, rubbing his head. ll But that; is a good sum.' ; 'It in over a thousand pounds.' sn id the Indian civilian, st. ititly. ' But enod gracious, .Inmes !' said Mrs. Burton Smith; impatiently,' whynreynu valuing l.nd.v Litmcro's jewellerv instead of finding it for her ? It wns on this tnblo fifteen minutes ago. Whore is it nnw ?' 'If anyone is tloiirj this fora'joko,' began her h.iislmtid. ' I hope — ' ' Fur a join !' cried the hostess. ' I s:iy, my dmr,' ho persisted, ' if imvi'iiiMH dnin.! this for a juke. 1 hopu he will on a up. It has guile i'ur enough.' Tin-in u-iis a chorus of assent, half in (iitrnmit., half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke or produced the brace let. ' Well, well. I never 1' Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And ns tho company looked at each uthur i- suuuied us if they also hnd never known iinythi'ig quite so extraordinary.' \- ' Tluallv, L;idy Liuncre, I tiiink ii must be S'lineniiern nbnut you,'' said the host, lit liisit. '? Would you mind giving ynur ««1I u (jocid shake, just to. satisfy me-?'' She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest said : ' You need not trouble yourself, Lndy Linncre. It is not about you. ' The Honorable Verier May was still standing by the fireplace. .There was a enrious dryness in his tones, and he glanced from the dowager to Wibberley. 'Then where is it?' retorted Mrs. Galantine. ' Do you know ?' ' If you do, for goodness' sake Bpeak out,' Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. ''.'... Everyono turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civilian. ' ' You had better ask Mr. Wibberloy,' said the nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced nn electrical effect on every one. Joanna turxed red nnd pale, nnd flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. He looked furtively at Wibberley, and was silent. Up to- this— tnom&nt; Wibberley had thought himself merely in an awkward fix, from which he must escapoas best he could, at the expense of a littlo embar rassment and a slight loss of self- respect. But now 1 at the first sound of the In dian's voice he saw his danger — that social damnation, . worse, perhaps', threatened him. His preeence of mind seemed to fail him. Tho room, the ex pectant faces turned to him, all with that stran»o expression on them, (twain round before him. Ho had to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself. ? -^ y ?: . But ho did steady himself,' so far that those who marked liis agitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. He drew himself up and looked straight at his accuser, hoMing the clmir suspended in his hands. .,'... ? 'What do you mean ?'. said he. ' . Tho civilian returned his gaze, and said, in cool, measured accents :, 'I should not have spoken if Mr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us — if any joke was boing plnved to con fess it.' 'Well?' 'Well, only this,' tho old gentlemnn replied ;' I saw you yourself take Lady Linacre'B bracelet f rom thnt (aWoJa few. minutes before it was missed, Mr Wib berley.' 'You saw mo?' This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibborloy's tone. If he felt certain of one. thing it was that no one had been looking; at him. when tho un lucky deed wns done. ' I did,' replied the civilian, dispas sionately. 'My back wns toward you, but my eyes woro on thin mirror—' he touched an oval glass in a Venetian frame which stood on the mantel, 'nnd I saw qiiilo clearly. 1 nm hound' to say that, judging by the expression of your face, I wns assured thnt it was a trick you were playing — a jest.' 'And now ?.'? Wibberley tried to smile. But he could not. He shook all over. He felt himself — and this time it w»s no fancy— growing livid. ' To tho best- of my bpliof, tho braeelot is on your loft arm now,' added tho civilian. Wibberloy tried to master, but could not, tho impulse to glnnce down at his wrist. The idoi that tho brncelet mi^ht bo visible overcame him. Ho looked down. Of couisp there wns nothing to bo seen' ; ho'mighfhave known it,'' for he felt tho hot clasp of the horrible thing burn ing his arm inches higher. But when ho looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance, he found that something iuifttl hnd happened to him. He faltered, nnd the chair dropped from his hands. He hnd never met such looks before. 1 fo re.nd in every faco save one snspicion and con demnation. Thief nnd. linr! He road the words in the eyes of his quondnm friends 1 Yet ho would, he must brazen it out ; nnd though he could not utter n word, he looked from thoni to Joanna. ' The girl's face wns pale nnd scared. But her eyes— thoy answered his right eaaerly — weru full of indignation. Thoy hold no suspicion. Tho moment his look fell on her sho spnke. 'Show them your arm !' she oricd im pulsively. ' Show them you have not got it, Ernest !' There wns such scorn, such generous pnssion in her voice thnt it did not need tho to.lMnlo nnme which fell so glibly from her. lips to betrny hnr secret— nt least to the women. Show his arm ! Ah, that wns justwhnt ho could not do! And ns ho compro hended it he gnashed his teeth. He saw himaolf netted and entr.ippoJ, and his rage nnd misery were so written in his fiice that the beat and most merciful of those about -him turned away in shame and pity. Even tho girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Horword-=, her suggestion, had taken from him his last chanco. He saw it was so. IIo felt tho Nemesis the more bitterly on that ac count ; and with a wild gesturo, and some wilder words, he turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hnt. nnd went down the street. , Hjs feelings- when ho found himself outRido wpro'suohns it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. Ho hud wrecked his honor nnd happiness, in an hour. H-! hnd lost his place Among men through a chance word. We talk nnd read of a thunderbolt- from tho blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some ' lnw-nbiding citizen whom , .- . a- moment's pnssior. has mnde a murderer, somo strong man whom a stunning, blow .has left crushed nnd writhine on the ground, a twisted cripplo— only 'these could fitly describo his misery and despair ns hu travelled the streets. ' It was misery ho had 'brought on himself, nnd yet how far the punishment exceeded tho offence ! How iminoimely tho shame nnd oxposuro exceeded Iho guilt! He had lied, and the lie hnl mado him a thief. ' He went up to his rooms like one in n dronm, and. scarcely -knowing what he did, toro thn bauble, off his iirm.nnd flung it on tho nuinto.l. By' liis last act of hring' in;; it nuny he hnd inmie liis position' n hunched times more seridii--, but lie did not nt unco remember this. Aftur he had mm while with his head between his liandi, woiuluiiiiir if this really woro him self — if this really luul hnppi/ued to him, this dreadful thing ! ho began to »ee more, clearly. ' .? r Still, he could not at once- make up bis mind what to do. Beyond snrne hnssy idpn of returning the bracelet by the first, post nnd going on , the continent— of courae he must resign', his employ mutit ? he had settled nothing, whoii a strp out side-nmdc him start to hiB fret. Sumo iji.e knocked ut the door of his I'liiinibtirs. He stood : listening, Ktrurk by a midden fear. .???] . i '-.?.-. ? -: -. ? ?. ?.. ~ ? ?' The police !' he said to himiielf. ??- ' Bin. ii:-iiioiiiiiiitV(hou-,'hV sitialiUI 'hj'Vi that «t wn* im|irobul-lv'.if'not' inij)ij'i-»iblo ' that this summons should be theirs ; and be went to the door listlessly and threw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith in a soft1 slouched .hat,! his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat, Wibberley just glnnced at him and saw that ho wns alone ; and tben, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chnir and sat down with his head between his hands again. He looked already a broken man. - - ?'? ?? . ?:. . , .. ./ ? '? . Burton- Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad tp. have had such a scone as has been described nt your house, but it is worse,' -f a man bo a man, to faco a fellow creature in his time of shame.' ' ? - ; ' Look here, Wibberley,' said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if he. had been, the. thief, 'it will be better to hush this up. Givo me' this confounded bracelet . to hand' to . Lady Linncre, and the thing, shall go no further.' '? ?'?-.? ; ; : ? His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and prosont contempt and pity. . But when he had to repeat his question, when Wibberley '. gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with tho hidden faoedid not speak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. -., :.. . ..j .;'. Burton Smith, stepped briskly tp tho place indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the culprit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the- confounded bracelet. Ho seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from tho place with all speed. But he laid it down the next instant quickly as he -had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon- his companion'. 'This is not the bracelet,' he Raid. Thero was no smack of oldi affection in his tone now j it was wholly hoRtile. His patience was; 'exhausted/' ?' ' It wns a diamond brncelet of great value thnt Lady Linncre lost, ns you know. This is a plain gold' thing worth two or throe pounds. For heaven's sake, man!' he added with . sudden vehemence, ' for your own sake, -lo not play tho fool now. I say, wake ? up, Wibberley. For' God's «ako where is the bracelet ?' . .? . ??? , No 'doubt i ' despair had partially be numbed .Wibberley's mind; for still ho did not speak, and- Rurton Smith had to put his question more than onco before he pot nh answer. When Wibberley nt Inst looked up it wns with a dazed face. ' What is it?'; he muttered, avoiding tho other's gaze. ' '.' 'This is riot Lady Linacre's bracelet.' 'Itwnot?1; - 'No.' .' ? ' Still confused,- still avoiding the other's grave look, Wibberley .rose, took the, bracelet in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw him start violently. ??''''? : 'It is, of tho same shape,' repeated the barrister, ico in his voice; ho thought tho exchange a foolish, transparent, nrti fibo.' ;,'.! But Lady Linacru's bracelet has a' large brilliant whero that has a plain boss. ,, .That is not Lady Linncro's brnoo let.Wibborley.' Tho' accused mnn turned nwny, tho circlet in his hand, and went to tho win dow, whore ho stood for a moment with out looking out into tho dnrkness. Tho curtains were not drawn.- As ho stood there,. otherwise motionless, his shoulders trembled -so violently : thnt n certain dreadful- suspicion . seizod his Into host ; and the s latter desisted from watching him and 'looked' about for a via! or a glass. ? :. -.,- t ..: ? ? .-. ''.' .. : , .' ' ; ']'.' At tho end of thn minute Wibborloy turned.1 For tho first timo he confronted his visitor. His eyes wore strangely bright', his faco very pnle ; but hia month wns strong and firm. : '1 never said it was, you know,' ho answered grimly.; ',.''' 'What, was?' ' I never said it .was Lady Linacre's. It wns you who Raid that,' he continued, hit head high, a singular chnngo evident in his demeanor, an incisivoness almost harsh in his tone. 'It was you — you who suspected mn ! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it.' 'And whose brncelot is it?' Burton Smith naked doubtfully. Ho was shaken as much by the. sudden ohange in the man's demeanor as by his denial. :...- ?- .;'. '' It is Joanna Burton's. Wo aro en gnjrod,' Wihherl »y- replied sternly — so entirely hnd tho two men changed places. ' She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on thn table and secreted it when 1 thought no ono wns looking. It was n fooliah'thing to'do.' 'And it was my cousin's bracolct thnt Mny saw you tnko V' 'Precisely.' . Burton Smith said a word nbout ' tho civilian that we need not repeat here. T1:pii he added :,'. ' But why on earth, old fellow, did you not explain ?' ; -,,. ? ??.. 'Firstly,' .Wibberloy replied ?? with force, ' because I should havo hnd to proclaim my engagement to all those, fools, and, I hnd not Joanna's permission to do that.'-' ^ And 'secondly— well, I did: not wish to confess to being such nn idiot ns I.actuiilly was.' V~ : ' Umph 1' inid Burton Smith, slowly, an odd light in his eyes. ' I think you wero n fool, but— you will shuke hands ?' '.' Ourtninly, old chappie.'-. And they did so very warmly. ' Now, then,' continued the barrister, his fnco becoming serious ngain,. .' the question1 is,; whero' is Lndy Linncro's brncelot ?'??-??' -' '. _- '?? '?? ? ' That is hardly my business,' said Wibberley. .' I am sura you will excuse my snyinif so. I have had trouble enough ..with it— I know that— and. if you don't mind I'm oft! to bed.' ..- ','.?' ' Mut though his friend left him on tho instant, ^Wibberley did not go to bod a onco. Mr. Rurton Smith, hurrying home ward — to find when he. reached Onslow M.iiiaions that Lndy Linncro's bracelet .had been discovered . in a flounce of her dress— would havo been very much sur prised indeed could ho have looked into tho chmnhprs n minuto nftcr his own de part lire. He would hnve seen his friend cast down on his knees before n ^rent chnir, his fnco hidden, his form shaken Viy wild; ''hysterical' sobbing. For onco Wibberli-y ^wns moved to tho inmost depths of nature. It iB not given to all ine;i to Awako and find .their doom n drenm. Only in drunms does tho cripple set his strength again, . And tho mur derer his old phtce among his fellow men. Wibberloy wns fortunate And the 'kwoii— did he tako it to heart ? , Well, -lessons, and morals nro out of fashion/'' Oh,! stay— ask .loannn. Sho uhuuld knojv. ' '„. ? ? ; 'W'ukh thou nit oblUtit to upetk, be sure to s ira*c th'a truth ; for (ij livo'oatian is half way o lying, uniJ l-inK m the whole way to ntero*! (tviiruolion.— William Pann. 