Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRO." It appears that Number 62 of the Bales of the Ballarat Branch of the Australian Natives' Association prohibits the introduction of the name of the Deity in any meetings of that body. Mr. J. W. Kirton, M.P., when address ing recently the members of the association on the subject ot General Booth's colonisation scheme, happened to mention the fact that the earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof, and was immediately stopped by the president on the strength of Rule 62. I observe that this is commented on by a correspondent of a Southern paper as " shedding a curious light on the anti-deistio policy oarried out for many years in oar national Bohools." Now, in the first place, there is no anti-deistio policy carried out in any national school in Australia. The State schools east for a certain par pose, which ia neither doistic nor anti-dei tic, and that purpose they fulfil. You might as reasonably talk of your baker as anti-Christian because he doesn't sell Bibles, or your green grooer as anti-Semitic because he doesn't sell Jerusalem artichokes. But really the fallacy is not worth an illustration —not even a bad one. In the second place, I must say, speaking for myself, that Rule 62 of the Ballarat Branch of the A.N.A. is the first symptom of religious reverence on the part of the white native Australian which has yet oome under my obser vation. I feel hopeful of a generation which begins with a rule of that kind. Bale 62 is thoroughly in the spirit of the third command ment. "Taking His name in vain" appears to be too generally understood as applying only to impreoation, ribaldry, profanity, and that sort of thing. To my mind the commandment is violated when the Deity is lugged in to give an appearance of weight to an argument whioh ought to depend for its force on reason and common sense. Speakers at publio and other meetings are peculiarly prone to this sin, and the Ballarat A.N.A. are aware of this, and have very properly provided against it. The presi dent on the occasion referred to simply did his duty. The question was whether it would be advisable to allow any group of General Booth's white-washed criminals to settle in Australia. In the name of reason, how is the case of either side of the debate advanced by mentioning that " the earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof." I say the like of that is a distinct breach of the third commandment as well as of Bole 62. Macnamara has got ahead of Koch with hia consumption cure in one respect at least. In the language of the bar, he has given hia p'ison a name. He has called it "Ti Ta." That is a great point gained. A nice, Bhort, crisp, striking name is the first foundation for an effective advertisement, and Ti Ta seems to answer the purpose to a T—to two T's, in fact. I don't know what language the uatnc bolongs to, but it has just the right mystical something about it which suggests a rare herb known only to the medicine men of some wondrous isle in Southern Seas, from whom the secret of its virtue and use has been purchased at an immense price. If there is any force in this suggestion, the secret of its propagation must have been bought at the same time, for I observe Mao announces that he will be ready to turn out —in a few days—enough of the extract (is it an extract ?) to supply the* requirements of 10,000 patients! This is truly Ti-Ta-nic, and I hope the results will be on a similar scale. It will take an enorraou3 amount of " consumption" to get through all that. In fact, the immensity of the output is just the point in connection with the remedy that oausea one any misgiving. It is difiicult to see how a sufficient supply of patients is to be kept up. When they are tackled in batches of ten thou sand, and all infallibly cured in a coupfe of months' time, what is to become of the business in a few years ? However, so far as Mao is oonccrned, by that time he will have quadrupled the £25,000 which the Government are ap parently not going to give him for his seoret. That is to say, if he succeeds in keeping it secret. I have half a mind to make a guest at the nature of it myself. Ti Ta are the firs! two syllables of a certain metal, which gives itt name to a certain acid. Is this Mao's subtle way of disguising, while partially revealing, th« nature of the chemical he is working with ? Since writing the above I have seen \h» Advertisement announcing that Ti Ta is on Bale. It turns out that it is an extract from a plant grown in our own colony. I am dis appointed with Macnamara. An auctioneer ought to have known better than that. It is as bad as asking one to wash in Jordan, ov in the Brisbane River. At the very least Ti Ta should have been found in the heart of a Central African forest, and been transported thence by " Pigmies" to the borders of Sahara, thence by a special train of caruel3 to Darfour and Kar toum, then down the cataracts of the Nile by a fleet of dahabiyehs, and so on, gaining fresh virtue with every change of clime and con veyance. But a plant of our own growing! It needs no ghost from the grave, much lass "an angel" (see advertisement), to bring us this. I repeat, lam disappointed in Mao natnara. It is seldom a week passes without out coming across a paragraph in some paper or other testifying to the virtues of the apple. If you are to believe all you read, a barrel oj apples fixed up in the house, and left open U the discretionary use of the whole family, quite supersedes the necessity for a • physician. Historically viewed, the apple plays a i?reat and beneficent part in the progress of civilisa tion. It is to the apple we owo it that we are wearing decent clothes, instead of living in the delusion that the epidermis is sufficient for the purposes of decorum. . To be suro, there are people who speak of this transition as "The Pall," but the "fall" was not introduced till long after clothing had ceased to be regarded as an innova tion, and even then only a3 an article of feminine wear. To the apple also we owe the discovery of the law of gravitation, and the metaphor of " the apple of discord," deprived of which the professional equipment of para graph writers like myself would feel incon veniently impoverished. But even with this enumeration, the virtues of Vie apple are by no means exhausted. The latest discovered use of the fruit bids fair to eclip3o all the rest in point of importance—aspeoially to Australians. It forms the finest bait for rabbits hitherto re vealed to man. Made into jam, the rabbit can no more resist it than Eve could repugn it in its natural state. Plough a furrow. Put pieces of bark in it about 6ft. apart. Put a teaspoonful of jam on eaoh piece. The rabbits will be drawn to it as by a magnot, and in the night that they eat thereof they shall surely die. To be sure it wants £oz. of strychnine to 91b. of the jam, but, though the Btrychnine is the lethal element, it is the apple that is the fatal attraction. And so the apple, which was accountable for " Paradise Lost," may lead to many a " Paradise Regained" in rabbit-ravaged Australia. This is going to be what a Northern contem* porary—and a very good contemporary it is— calls one of "Allegro's pathetic little wails." I bewail the extinction of the scarecrow. A contrivance has just been invented, entitled the " Alarm Gun," which discharges a loud report at regular intervals, or at any given time, and which, unfortunately, serves much better than the time-honoured scarecrow to keep winged vermin from destroying young crops of grain. To be sure, the innovation won't affect as much out here—l don't remem ber seeing an Australian scarecrow—bat it is pitiable to see how the old land-marks are dying out from the country whioh many of as still call " home." Of these land-marks, since the parish stocks disappeared, no one was more notable than the scarecrow. What loving art we used to lavish on it! How eagerly we used to concentrate our powers in working it up to the extreme of fearsomeness! With what per sonal interest we used to regard it, too, each of us being, as a rale, accountable for, and identi fied with, at least some portion of its clothing! And now all that is gone, and an artificial automatic detonator takes its place. What a mistake it is to think that the multiplication of scientific appliances means progress in educa tion ! Why, there was more education in the making of a thoroughly frightsome scarecrow —more art, more stimulating " humanity," in its most educative sense—than in the making, or the operation, of ten thousand automatic alarm guns. I have been gradually getting re conciled to tho thought that I shall never see England again. But now I hear that the scarecrow is superseded, I take it as just an additional sign that the England of my re miniscences is simply non-existont. More people die in bed than out of it, and yet mankind and womankind still regard " bed" as the safest shelter to which they can betake themselves. It is possible, however, that a late item of intelligence, if thoroughly takon to heart, may produce n change in the usual wuy of regarding this matter. I observe in a foreign paper that "Mrs. , wife of the vicar of , was suffocated through disarrangement of the pillows." And why Mrs. more than you or I? Hero is a new terror to go to bed with—for in spite of the feel ing of safety which we all ex perience when thoroughly tucked in, there is no doubt that we all have a momentary sense of danger just when we blow the candle out. Still, of all harmless things, pillows, even when used as weapons of assault, are surely the most innocent, and if these prove lethal, where are we to look for safety from doath ? The fact is, the story is too uncomfortable to be received with ready credence. Aftor all— where was the vicar? After all—didn't Desdemonadie of a disarrangement of pillows? After all—l prefer to believe that the pillows didn't disarrange themselves, rather than go to bed under the apprehension that I may awake to find myself suffocated by the very appliances of rest. 