CHAFrai XVI. Lato in the aftomoon of tho day following our visit to Liverpool wo ascended tho big stouo stops of my old honio aud pulled tho boll. After alt, I found that my nerves wore not quito steady while wo were waiting for tho door to open, wo had como intending to spend tho night there, aud ray benefactor had given mo certain precautions not calculated to raako mo feel entirely at homo. Was there some deeper plan underlying liiB suggestion os to this visit thau ho bad chosen to explain ? I hud not long to consider that point, however, for suddenly tho door opened and a sorvuut in imposing livery confronted us. I huudod him my card, aud wo woro shown into tho roooptiou-room at ouco. Presently ho conducted us to ray step mother, who greoted mo with a groat show of cordiality and aorao tears. Sho had grown old fast. sicca I loft home, but slio had artfully disguisod tho ovidonccs of ago upon hor foco and nock. Why had I stayed away so long? What had sho dono to deserve such shameful neglect? Theso and uthor questions taxed my wits for an auswer that would neithor outrage my own conscionco nor offend her*. Mr. Cobb, who hud just re turned from his oiUco, auddeutly eutored tho room. His face assumed an ashcu pallor and hostarod at mo quito dumfoundod for a moment, when I aroso and stood boforo him. ‘•It is Kondric. Don't you rccoguiso him *;*» said ray stepmother. “ So it isr'ho exolamiod. “But he’s grown quito cut of my recollection.*’ Tho man had re covered his self-possesiion in a moment and treated me, it must bo said to bis credit, with marked coolness. I wus likely to get on with him very well, I thought, but tho fawning atti tude of hie wife quite unhorsed mo. If 1 urn to Bco tho devil I’d rather lio’d frown than smile. Cobb had very little to say to us, and left tho room at the fwst opportunity. In doing so ho had Bhown scant consideration for his wife, howovor, as it left a burden upou her shoulders that must have taxed her strength. But sho was not unequal to it. Iler smile bromloned after ho had gone, and there was a tono of deeper sincerity in hor expressions of regard. Wo had been to dinner, and if sho would kindly send,a Httlo cold lunch to our rooin at bedtime that would bo quito sufficient. Dui ing her absence for dinner tho reaction catno. When my stepmothor rotumod she seemed to have suddenly grown older, and sbo looked at. us through haggard and sunken oyos. Surely this wos atorriblo punishment sho was undergoing, •and I pitied.her. Mr. Cobbbad an important engagement to keep, sho said, and hopod wo would excuso him. Slowly tho evening wore away, and at 10 o’clock wo wero shown to out room, greatly fatigued by this trying ex* ) perionco. It was a room fronting tho stroot or L tho thirdfloor which I had occupied before ] i loft homo. The walls had boon pointed whiti ! ‘sinco thou, with a friezo of gold along tin ceiling. Mr father used to sleep in tho room directly under it. Bayel had been silent and absent-minded all the evening, rarely speakiug except iu reply to some question. 44 I feel sad for some causo I do not under stand/’ said ho prepaiing to rotiro. “I shall he glad wIigu to-morrow conics.” “ ^Yo v/ill go back in tho morning/’ I said. “You don’tfeel ut homo here, do you?” He did not soem to hear mo, but tried the door, which I hud already bolted, aud then got into bed, yawning and shivering, for the room was cold. I turned down the lightand, opening tho shutters, looked out upou tho street, now dcsortod r>ttvo by a solitary man who had just passed tho houso aud whoso stow footsteps wore gradually growing lcs3 distinct. X crouched there, listening for some moments to thst fading sound, when it began to grow louder again. Tho man hud turned about aud was coming back. As ho passed under tho lamp ou tho opposite corner X thought I recognised tho slim liguro of f.lr. Murmurtot. Suddenly I was startled by a UCJ60 in tho room adjoining ours and sprang to my feut in a tremor. -Plaguo tako my imagination! It was somebody going to bed ! I sat down again, and for along timo looked out at the mail walking back and forth in front of tho house. X wits rapidly getting into a condition of mind unfavourable lo rest, and, closing the shutters, X wont to bed at ones. For bourn I lay tossing restlessly from ono^ side to the other, and finally foil into a deep sleep. X must, bavo slept a long time when X suddenly awoke, labouring with nightmare. I had hoard no sound, I had'felt no touch, but all at onco my oyes wore open and I knew that I woa awake. Tho lamp was burning dimly on the tablo beside uiy bed. How my heart was boating! And my arm—how it trembled when I tried to rise up ou my olbow aud look about tho room ! “ Who’s thoro!” I whispered. Was it Jtnyel standing near the bod, his body swaying back ward and forward, or was Iyet asleep? Every thing lookod dim tuid vro/ni. Z seemed to be m sonio hi lent ghost/ond between stooping and waking. I rubbed my eyes and peered about tho half darkoned room. It was Iiayel, and, us I gazed at hitu, his eyes seemed to triune like balls of lire. 1 called to him. but ho mado no answer. What had happened siuco I went to sleep? Alarmed, I throw tho covers asido and leaped out of bed. As I did so ho stopped up close to the opposite wall and, as his hand moved, I could hear tho grating of a crayon on its surface. In tremulous haste I turnod up tho wick of tho lain]) aud tiptood toward him, hold ing it boforo mo. Ho was slopping backward aud excitedly pointing at tho wall. IIo had beeu drawinga picture ou its white surfuco—tho form of a woman holding something in her hand. I stepped nearer, still carrying tho lamp. The woman pictured thoro was my stepmother and it was a knifo that’sho held. A man was lying nt hor feot. Again Iiayel stopped forward and again I heard tho crayon grating on tho wall, Thou ho stood aside. Great Goa! There wore drops of blood dripping from tho knifo now, Iiayel sank down upon tho floor andcovorod his eyes with liiabunds. I Btood.there, dumb witli fear and horror, looking first upon him and then upon tho picluro. Tho silenco of tho night was unbroken savo by those alow footstops iu the street to which I hail listened before retiring* But suddenly I ; heard ft low wailing cry in the room adjoining ours. It so startled mo that I cumo near drop ping tho lump. Strange and weird it sounded, gradually growing shriller and more terriblo to I hear! It was tho voice of my stepmother. Was ; she dreaming ? And bnd Uayoi scon tbs vision that affrighted her ? Was that dagger pricking 1 her bruiu? In a moment tho swelling cry broke . iuto a sharp scream, such as mi»ht come from I one exposed to sudden peril, and ceased. Then | tho sound of a boll raug shurply through tho j house, followed by loud kuockmg, aud a man’s j shout. “ Open tho door, I command you.!” ho said. I£o must have heard that piercing cry. Kayel still lay motionless upon tho floor. Was ho asleep? Why did ho not rise? I began to feel numb. I seemed to have lost tho power of motion. I could hear some one rapping at our door, but I could not move. “Kendric! Kondriol Kendric!” Was it my j stepmother who was culling me ? What a piteous, pleading tone. “ Let mo 6pcak to you, iCondric! For God’s sake let mo tell} ou 1” X was reeling, my strength had all loft me, Crash! went tho lamp ut my feet. There was a great flash of light, which dazzled my oyes, ■ and 1 fell heavily upon the floor. X was in tho open air when thought aud feeling came hack to mo. My hands and fuco wore paining me as if they had been terribly burned. Tluro were a number of men stand ing over a raotiouless llgore that lay beside mo. “ Tho poor lad.” said one of tho men, u bo’s nearly roasted. Seo hero how tho clothes havo been burned away from his nook! Can't yo atop tho blood ? Tho raon'il die nforo the ara’b Jauco comes ef wo don’t stop tho blood. A bravo monhoistoo. T)’yo seo’im coming down tho stairs with th’ otherono ou his back?” Of whom were they talking ? I struggled to, my foot—I could feel no pain now—and bent j over that still form which hud been lying be-11 sido mo. Oh! It was tho heaven-blessed face of Iiayel, now blecdiug and scarred and ghastly, I raised his head. The hair fell away whero ray hand touched it, and a groan escaped his lips. I could not speak nor weep nor utter any sound. A atnuigo calmness camo over my spirit, and I sat tnero motionless, bowling over him I loved so well, whilo tho orowT of men looked on iu silenco. “ After His 'own image mado IIo miuitheso words cauin to my mind as I lookod into that dear fuco. Thun I prayed in silence—foi1 him. Thunk God! his eyes were open now and his lips were moving. I bent lower until I could feel his breath upon my cheek. * “ Is it you, Kendric ?” ho whispered. “ Did I save you from tho fire? I cannot seo you, but I know you are bore.” I heard his words distinctly, but I could not answer. The power of speech seemed to have left mo. “Tho fire awoko me,” ho continued, moan ing. “ Wo were lying on tho tloor. I culled to you, but you did notuuswer. Tliuuk God, you uio safe now.” lioturning conscionruess broeg^t with it nn increasing sense of his pain, and ho began to struggle and groan in dreadful agony. Sud denly extending ono of his blackened hands until it touched my face, he shouted in a loud “ICeudric! Kendric! holp—help mo!” Then *omo mou laid hold of mo and lifted mo up. I clung to Havel with all my strength, but could not insist them, and as I was borne awny I ku.cw that Iiayel aud I had purled for ever. 