TWO LABOUR LEAGUES. TO THEI EDITOR. Sir,-On looking over the paper on May 4 I saw a letter from Mr. Wall work on the above subject, asking why there should be two labour leagues in this district, seeing that there was little or no difference in their platforms. Now, sir, for.Mr. W.'s information, allow me to inform him that there is no such thing as two labour leagues in this district, but just the one genuine labour league, inaugurated and brought to its present position by lon.fide working-men, and no other-men who grasped the rock on which labour split, and the cause of their disintegration, viz., the fiscal policy; hence they, like sensible men, determined to lay it aside as a piece of capitalistic manceuvring. For,ho wcould we have Freetrade without the land being free or nationalized, and the present social state of society being completely altered. No, sir, Freetrade is for a people socially and politically free. And, as far as Protection is concerned, I venture to .assert that no Government would dare to put a tax on commodities that would prevent them from being imported without which it would be simply increasing the price of the article, and lessening the purchasing power of money, thus reducing the wages of labour. So I say, well done .Labour League, you have struck the right nail on the head this time. Now, sir, for the other affair. I see by the reports in the Herald some accounts of a resurrected ghost of the defunct Protection L~eague, under the heading of the Labour Protectionist League (which should read the league to protect capi tal). Now, who is at the reforming of this league ? I need only to point to the reports in the Herald to ascertain this. Is this a labour league with such men as these at the head of it? Aye, and there are more capitalists than this one (in proof of which read "Freedom of Speech," in Thursday's ierald). Yes, this so-called league has simply borrowed the platform drawn up by the members of the League of Labour, and put it forward as their own, having inserted clause 3. And such a clause; for they are not content with taxing everything that can be made in the colony, but would leave the way open to tax everything else beside. A curious labour league ! Again, clause 18 :-" The advocacy of any measure or movement tending to elevate and improve the condition of the masses." Yes, sir, we would be asses if we could not see through this. You see, it is the condition of the masses they wish to improve; and, certainly, there is ample room, for we hnow it is an un disputed fact that some of them lead an idle, useless life, praying upon and sucking the blood of labour. So you see this is not a labour league after all, but the masses' league. But the league of labour seeks to improve labour's condition, leaving the other side to look after themselves, which is not out of their way, for they are pretty well used to it. If Mr. W. is in earnest, let him at once join the true league, and do what he can for its progress; if not, then his letter is a farce, and not worth the paper it is written on. And now, I would say to my fellow toilers, be not led away from the true path that leads to your eman cipation. Remember, the way is thickly strewn wiih capitalistic man traps, ever ready to trap the unwary, for there is not a more on the board but what they are up to if it leads to their aggrandisement. Join your labour league, which is connected with the Trades and Labour Councilin Syd ney, through which junction it will spread over the whole of the colony, thus bringing about one grand politi. cal union of labour, determined to have that which is their right by nature-equal opportunity to live in the world that gave them birth, with the full proceeds of their labour. That this may be brought about speedily, and that you will give space for my letter, is the desire of your humble servant, JOHN A. DAVIDSON. Broadmeadow, May 4th. 