BEATH OF SIS, WILLIAM MA.C THE LAST OF THE OLD PARLIAMENTARY CELEBRITIES. StS SERVICES TO THE IRISH CATHOLICS OF NBW SOUTH WALES. Sjb William Macleay, M.L.C., died at his late residence, Elizabeth Bay House, on Monday even ing. The deceased gentleman had been a sufferer for many years from Bright's disease, and during the last three years had been under the direct care of Dr. Vandeleur Kelly. Although over 70 years of age, he was strong and hearty till within the past few weeks. At the time oi! his death Lady Macleay was with him, and also Miss Deas-Thomson and Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Camp bell. A DISTINGUISHED CAREER. William Maeleay was born on June 13, 1820, in Caithness, Scotland, and was educated at the Academy of Edinburgh and subsequently at the Edinburgh University. When only 19 years of age he was induced to come out to Australia to his uncle, Mr. Alexander Macleay, who wr.s at that time Colonial Secretary. His fir3t enter prise on landing was to enter into squat ting pureuits, and having- taken up a run on the Murrumbidgee he spent some 15 years in sheep farming and stock breeding. His high per Bonal qualities ooon began to assert themselves, and he acquired considerable prominence among the squatters and L'esidpnfcs of the district in which he laboured. In 1854, at the last election of members of the old Council, Mr. Macleay was returned for the L^chlau ani Lower Darling. He also became a member of the Assembly under the Constitution o£ 1856, his cousin, Sir George Maclesy, being returned for the Murrumbidgee. For 20 years without intermission Mr. Macleay represented the same constituency in Parliament, duiing which time he earned the reputation of being an able representative, endowed with great liberality of: opinion. He was, perhaps most prominent in connection with the extension of the Southern trunk line to the border of the colony, his object in advocating the construction of this line being to direct tbe wool trade and products of that large and prolific district near the border to the proper point of export, instead of being diverted to Melbourne. It was as a devotee and sfudent 0? natural Bcience that Mr. Macleay was best known amongst colonistss, an honour he shared with his uncle and his cousin. He took a most lively interest in everything appertaining to his favourite study and pursuit, and to his habits of careful observa tion and studious investigation se'ence owes much of its present information on subjects which had hitherto offered considerable room for doubt. He added largely to the catalogue of known ineects, his collection of which i3 said to have been the largest in the Southern Hemisphere. He was the firot president of the Linntean Society, which was originally established in Sydney in 1862 under the, name of the Entomological Society, and for many years he was a trustee of the Aus tralian Museum, an institution for the suc cess of which he laboured hard. In 1875, shortly after resigning his seat in tbe Legis lative Assembly, Mr. Macleay undertook at his own expense to fit out a barque named the Chevert and in company with Captain Onslow he set but od an ex ploring expedition to New Guinea. On his return from New Guinea in 1875 Mr. Macleay was nominated by the Ministry under Sir John Robertson to a seat in the Legislative Council, a position he held up to the time of his death, though he never accepted ministerial office. In June, 1875, he married Susin Emmeline, the second daughter of Sir Edward Deas Thomson. He was the holder of the gold medal struck io 1875 to commemorate distinguished services in connection with the stamping out of bushranging, having assisted in repulsing an attack by the \ notorious Gilbert gang at Plumb's Inn, near \ Goulbutn, in 1861-, and he was also the recipient \ of a gold medal from the International Fisheries I Exhibition of London for his book on the fishes of \' Australia. ;, About two years ago Mr. Macleay was knighted, and his liberality has been shown by his munificent patronage of scientific studies in tbe colony. To the Linmcan So'.iety he a few years back presented a meeting-house at Elizabeth Bay, adjoining* his residency where he provided everything necessary for meeting and for study. He also set apart a sufficient sum of money to endow four fellowships of JE400 each yearly at the Sydney University, so that Etudent? might follow up their studies at the University after attaining tbe degree of B.So. During bis career iu the Legislative Assembly the deceased gentleman distinguished himself by his broad, liberal and progressive views and earned the character of a public-spirited legis lator. THB SHOOTING OP THE DUKE OP EDINBURGH. It waB in connection with the attempted assas sination of tbe Duke of Edinburgh by O'Farrell in 1868 that Sir William Macleay rendered heroic service to the Irishmen of New South Wales and the whole Catholic community of Australia. During that exciting period Sir Henry Parkes and Sir James Martin (himself an Irishman and a Catholic) raised tbe historic Kiama Ghost, and till exposed iu tbe most shameless conspiracy the colony bae ever known, f lightened the community into the belief that New South Wales was honey combed with secret Bocieties of ' murderous Fenians.' It was given out that Irish Roman Catholic plots against the Government rrere being carded on by night and by day, and that the wretched O'Farrell was merely one of tbe cut-throat ' Irish ruffianta' who were sworn to do all sorts of bloody deeds. Everyone knows these things, and knows, too, how completely the real conspirators — the real plottors against the peace of the community — were exposed and lashed and lacerated by Sir William Macleay, good old Wil liam Forster, the eloquent Dalley, and other of our public men who Qtood up against the attempt to set up the sectarian bogie in New South Wales. When Sfr Henry Parkes told the Parliament that he had certain knowledge of the existence of a widespread Fenian conspiracy in Sydney, the Go* vernment offered .£1000 and a free pardon to any of O'Farrell's accomplices. Not one was ever dis covered — not even the 'boy' who 'drew the lots' for the execution of the Prince— and for the best of all reasons, that, except in the diseased imagination of the badgered criminal and the wicked one of the arch- plotter Parkes, no con spiracy whatever existed. The shooting of the Prince was the act of ono man— a drunken mad man j and though there was little regret when he was hanged — despite the plea from the Prince himself that bis life might be spared—there were many vyho thought then, as they think now, that the unfortunate wretch should have been put in a lunatic asylum. j HOW PAKKES WAS CAUGHT IN HIS OWN TRAP. I The wretched O'Farrell had, however, 'method in his madness,' and on one occasion he eo com pletely fooled 8ir Henry that tne arch-plotter was obliged to slink away in disgrace from the gaol. I One day O'Farrell was particularly communica tive, and the Herald reporter outside the cell« door got the office to be careful to take down every word, as it was likely to be a ' most impor tant confession, and most damaging to the Irish Roman Catholics of the colony.' Sic Henry put ' a number of questions to the prisoner, and he waa rewarded in tiie following fashion : — Sir Henry : You said something about a great Fenian conspiracy in Sydney ? O'Farrell : Yes; but you must not say anything about it just yet. It's a big conspiracy, and some of the principal men of Sydney are mixed up in it ! 1 Sir Henry (rubbing big hands with glee) : Of course, I knew all along this conspiracy was in existence. But tell me, my good man, who are these conspirators and where do they meet ? O'Farsrell : They meet in Macquarie-street. Sir Henry : Ye3 ; go on. What place in Mac quarie-street, and who are they ? ! O'Farrell : This is a great secret, but I may as 1 well tell you. They are members of Parliament, 1 and they meet at Parliament Hous9. Sir Henry (in excitement) : Yes ; who are they and who is the leader ? O'Farrell : Let me whisper. The leader is Henry Parkes, and he will be able to tell you the names of the others ! The report of this ' important confession' was suppressed, but it got about all the Eame. MACLEAY AND THE BOGUS CONFESSION. After O'Farrell's execution Sir Henry Parkes Btated that the unfortunate man had made a con fession which could not be published. The only real confession was one written by O'Farrell him self, and in connection with it Sir Henry Parkes played a particularly dirty part. The confession expressed the criminal's sorrow for his act, and declared that he was never, as he had stated, a member of the Fenian organization, that there was not a human being in existence who had the slightest idea of the crime that he contemplated, but, happily, failed to effect ? There was only one man ia the world capable of suppressing such a fact as that — tbe man who at the time, under the pretence of public good, did suppress it. A sealed confession was placed in the hand of the then Colonial Secretary, Sir Henry Parkes, and with out a word O'Farrell went to his doom. The Government announced that they had received two important communications regarding the prisoner, but that, in. view of the new crime that was enveloping the country, secrecy was imperative. But fortunately O'Farrell knew his man. He had fooled the Colonial Secre tary, with his Herald reporter behind the scenes, to the top of his bent with his Btories of bogus conspirator!?, and he would baulk him now in death. A second copy was committed to a secret hand (the late Dean Dwyer, Chaplain of Darling hurst Gaol), and scarcely had the real conspirator announced that the public safety forbade the con fession's publication than Mr. (now Sir William) Macleay rose in his place in Parliament and made good for ever hi 4 claim as a public ben°f actor by publishing both the document and the motive for which it was attempted to be burked. The historic incident in the House when Sir William Macleay after calling on Sir Henry Parkes several times to produce O'Farrell's confession, rose and quietly slipped the document from his own pocket, and as quietly proceeded to read, it will ever be recalled with feelings of gratitude and pleasure by the Irish and Catholic colonists of New South Wales. THE MACLEAY PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE. The staunch Protestant champion of the slan dered Irish colonists did not rest at exposing the Government plot while public feeling was at the highest point of excitement. When tbe Parkes-Martin Ministry was turned out of office he had a Special Parliamentary Committee appointed to report ou the whole case, and this committee completed the exposure of the real plotters, and fully cleared the Irish Catholic commuuity of the malignant charges made against them. The committee was appointed in February, 1869. The report was adopted in committee as followa :— For : Sir Jobn Robertson, Mr. William Forster, Sir Saul Samuel, and Mr. S. C. Brown. Against : Sir James Martin, Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Geofrey Eagar, and Mr. John Stewart. Sir William Macleay as choir I man gave his casting vote in favour of its adop tion. j When the matter came before the House a series of resolutions moved by Sir Henry Parkes in connection with the report were carried on the following division :— Ayes 32, Sir Henry Parkes, Sir Jamea Martin, and Messrs. Isaacs, J. Stewart, G. Eagar, Winde . yer, John Bowie Wilson, Roberts, Rodd, Lee, Hannell, J. Suttor, Nowlun, Lord, Mate, J. Camp bell, Oatley, Lackey, Lyons, Dodda, Ryan, Lucas, De Salis, Graham, Tuuks, Wisdom, Farnell, Pid dington, Byrnes, Tig-he, Burns and Walker. Noes 22 (Sir William Maeleay's supporters), Sir John Robertson, Sir William Macieay, Sir Saul Samuel, Messrs. William Forster, Josephson, D. Egan, John Sutherland, G. A. Lloyd, Morrice, W. Cummings, Dignaiu, Cunneen, Pholp3, Bell, Terry, Cooper, Gordon, Burdekin, W. Campbell, Thomas Garrett, Hart, and Richard Driver. Sir William Macleay, however, gained all he wished, the report of the Select Committee hav ing the publicity he desired, The report was forwarded to the Home authorities. MR. DALLEY'S TRIBUTE. The late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, addressing tbe great assemblage of prclate3, clerics, and laity, during the Centennial celebrations in Sydney in January, 1888, alluded in touching terms to tbe services rendered to the Irish Catholics of Australia by Sir William Macleay and tbe late William Forster. Mr. Dalley was responding to the toast of his health at the Cabarita gathering, of which he was chairman. He said : — ' When in the midst of such a splendid festival as this I think of the time not so far distant when it was the greatest happiness and privilege of my life to render some slight service fco my fellow- religionsts in this country, who were then under a cloud of calumny, cowardly persecution, inf&mous; misrepresentation, I can hardly realize how utterly changed are all things about us. We are sitting at a banquet which is in all probabi lity the greatest event cf the kind that hag taken place in the history of the Church in any of the colonies in the British Empire. And at our table are representatives of the cul ture, the amiability, the sympathy, and the justice of our Protestant fellow-citizenp. It has been our great good fortune to have always had the services of two or three such men in the darkest periods of our history. Referring to that time of which I have spoken when I was enabled to offer my poor services on your behalf, there . were two men in this community of the highest station, of the purest character, who both ranged themselves on your side with courage and with promptitude, and who fought your fight to the last. Neither of them were Catholics, and yet their sprvices to you at that time and under the circumstances with which we were surrounded were worth those of a thousand Catholics. They were both my dear friends and did for your cause infinitely more than ever I could dare to suppose I was capable of accom plishing. One has passed beyond the reach of your human gratitude. I mean the gifted, un selfish, chivalrous William Forster. The other still lives, and would have made our happiness complete had he been amongst us to-day. I mean my dear friend William Macleay. Nor can we forget the gallantry and tenderness and sympathy of dear old Sir John Robertson. When I tbink of these men- 1 am overwhelmed with a sense of our obligations to tbe justice and the courage of some of the best of our Protestant fellow-citizens.' A SCATHING DENUNCIATION OP SIR HENRY PARKES. The following is a portion of a scorching speech delivered by the honest, manly Macleay, in the Legislative Asstmby, in March, 18G8. Sir Wil liam Macleay said :— ? It was a matter of regret that this was not the only occasion on which the hon. member had sought at the risk of setting the country by tne ears to make political capital for himself. The hon. mem ber had been doing it lately in the most danger ous way that could, be adopted — by endeavouring to excite religious dissensions in the country. He said in his crafty way that a large body of our fellow-countrymen were inclined to be aggressive and to make attempts at a position in the country in excess of what they ought to have, and the hon. member had excited an anti-Catholic feeling and cry which would, it wa3 to be feared, do a large amount of mischief. [An hon. member : If it is stirred up, no doubt it will ] He (Sir William Macloay) could excuse a great deal on rhe part of. a public man seeking to gain support, but tbe man who would deliberately strive to excite this religious feeling, when nothing of the kind ought to exist, and when all were on terim of the most perfect religious equality, was as bad as an assas sin ; and he would treat him iu the same way as he hoped to see treated in a few days the would be assassin of tbe Prince. The conduct was almo&t; worse, because it might be the cause 0? a larger amount of bloodshed than could have been caused by this man's atrocity. The object and entire aim of tbe Colonial Secretary for some months past had been to gain a certain kind of political influence by exciting these religious animosities. Did his friends, the extreme 'Protestant party, who were so bigoted aa to be led into a feeling off this kind, suppose the hon. momber had any attachment to them ? Why, he believed the hon. member was s,a iudifferent to one aecfc as to another. It wan simply to gain political capital for himself that ho had endeavoured oi late to make it supposed that that abominable cecrefc association denominated Fenianism rms a kind o2 Catholic conspiracy. The hon. member possessed in his own person much more of the 'finalities requisite for a Fenian than any Catholic' in the country. The Fenian was known to be anti Catholic, and ifc was also known that the boa. member wgg anti-Catholic. The Fenian v/as anti-Christian, a ad there was remarkably good reason to . believe that the non. member was anti-Christian. The Fenian was not monarchical, and wished to destroy monarchy j and although it might be difficult to say how the hon. member stood onthio point eince he had been in receipt of £2000 a year from the ? State— as perhaps now ho would go ao far as to subscribe to the divine right of kings— yet a short time ago he was ao anti-monarchical as any Feniaxa and more disloyal than the Inch Catholica they abuEed so much. Ib wag very poEoible the hon. member might never have shot at a Prince, whets he wan a Chartist at Birmingham, but he was associated with those who committed jusfc the same crime. What was that Chartism bufc kindred to the lot they had heard of ia Sheffield blowing up saw-grinders and burning workshops? The tremendous loyalty they bad heard did not then come well from the hon,, member under the circumstances. If the hon. member was loyal he had become ao lately, and what Chartist in. the world would Hot become loyal for .-22000 a year ? TheEe remarks were made because it seemed jusfc as well occasionally to let ifc be known what their opinions were o£ those who professed such ardent loyalty under the present peculiar circumstances. The success this former Chartist had achieved from the late attack on the Prince was not, however, likely to bo of long duration ; the people of tho country would come to see that great loyalty might exist with out any manifestioa 01 the esfcreme madness that bad been exhibited lately. He (Sir William Mucleay) could not understand a country entirely loyal throwing itself into the arms of a Birming ham Chartist, and Baying, ' We adore you, be cause the Prince is shot.' A CHAMPION OF BELIGIOU8 EDUCATION. The deceased gentleman was a firm and fearless advocate of religious education, and there can be little doubt that the intimate companion ship of his devoted Catholic friend the late Right Hon. William Bede Dalley contributed to the strength of his views on thio 3ubject. When the late Archbishop Vaughan commenced the religious schools ' crusade ' ia 1882, when State aid was withdrawn from the denominational establishments, Sir William Macleay was one of the first ^men to coineQ to his side. Sir William wrote the Archbishop a most encouraging letter, enclosing a cheque for £50 ao ' a mite to aspist him in carrying on a noble causa.' 