ciMiTEit xLvin. John Parke woke next morning to see his wife in her dressing-gown, moving vaguely about the room, u shudow against the full summer light that caine in ut nil thu windows. He could not make out at first what «he was doing mowling about in a curious monotonous round from window to window, pausing to look out, as it seemed, at the edge of the blind, first of one, then of another. He watched lier for a little while in vague alarm. During all this time a vague but painful suspicion wuB in John's mind. He knew better than anyone how elie hud looked forwurd to a new state of affairs. Had she not drawn even him to that vile anticipation to pinn und calculate upon the hoy's death ? The pain of thc thought that he had done so, made more intense his sense of thc terrible revulsion iu her mind when all these horrible hopes j came to au end. He was not a mau who| naturally divined what waa going on in the minde of others, but the movement in his own on thtsoccasion,and the Instinctive knowledge which long years of companionihiphad vaguely magnetically conveyed to him about his wife not a matter of reflection or reason, but simply of Impression-kept a dull light about Letitia which surrounded no other person upon earth. Something like sympathy mingled with and increased nis power of comprehending during this dreadful crisis. How would she make up her mind to it, he asked himself, notwith- standing tho horror end shame with which he thought of tlie calculations he himself had been seduced into sharing. He knew very well how little she liked to he foiled, how she struggled against disappointment, and (jot her will in defiance of every combination of circumstances. During all tho previous day he had been very uneasy, certain that in her long absence she was planning something, wondering whntBhc could plan that would have any effect upon the present state of affairs fearing-he knew not wdiat. John could not allow himself to think that his wife would contemplate harming thc boy. Oh, un, no ! such a thought was not in his mind. Letitia had her faults. She hail never been kbid to Mar. She had thought of him as an interloper, os an intruder, as supplanting Duke-and she had nut concealed her feeling. But harm him-by so much as a touch. Oh, no 1 no ! Nevertheless, John had been very uneasy all day, and even in his sleep this gnawing discomfort had not left him. He had dreamed of deathbeds and dying persons, and of strange scone» of chooB in which she was always present though he knew not for what purpose. And when lie woke suddenly and saw her wandering about thc room in tile high clear morning light like a ghost, all the uneasiness of thc previous day, all the troubled dreams of thc i night came back upon his heart He watched her for a minute without making any sign, and then ho called " Letitia !" His voice made her start violently-but she came towards him at once, wrapping her dressing- gown round her as though she felt cold. " IBU t it very early ? Why are you prowling about at tins hour ?" "Ves, I suppose it's early. I couldn't sleep-one cannot alway« sleep when one would." " You arc uot such a bad sleeper as you think," said John-as have said before him in thc calm of experience, the partners of many a restless wife and husband. "And I wish,'' he added impatiently, " that you'd let me sleep, at ¡east," Instead of quenching him by a sharp word, as was Letitia's wont, she came towards the bedside and sat down, turning her back to thc light. "John," she said, " there has been a great deal happening while you have been asleep.'' " What ?" ho cried. He raised himself up on his elbow, terrified, threatening, " Letitia, for God s sake, don't tell me tba anything has happened to the boy. " " Oh, thc boy ?" she cried, with an impatience that was hahn to his heart. Then she went on, not looking at him, " Fancy, who arrived last night-^Mary, crying for her child-" " Lady Frogmore !" " Mary-and calling for her child-she who always denied that she ever had one. She came flying upon me in his room, and seized hold of me and dragged me out of it : mud mad-as mad again-as-ss a March hare." Her lips parted in a harsh laugh. " I believe she would have torn mc to pieces if I had not taken to my heels. You know there is nothing in the world I nm so frightened of as madness nothing ! I took to my heels-" "Wait a bit," said John, "wait, I don't understand. She caine in the middle of the night to see her child?" " Agnes must have put her up to it. Agnes must have got it into her head atlast that she had a child." " And you .were in his room ? What were yon doing in his room, Letitia ? You have never nursed him. You were asleep when I came upstairs." She gave him a momentary glance-half of defiance, half of alarm-and yet she had thought of this, too. " I fancied the nurse looked sleepy-the night nurse, you know, John-I thought she looked drowsy, and I stole back to listen. Well, I did, for she was asleep. I went in to see that all was i right for the night-his drink-" Even Letitia'sncrve was not enough for this. She shivered. " It is cold at this hour in the i morning." she said, her teeth chattering. " Did you give him anything to drink ?" John would uot have dared to confess to himself what dread apprehension went through his heart. And it was dreadful for him to talk of it, though she was so wonderful in self command. " I ?-oh, no. I gave him nothing. I have not nursed him, you know. I saw that all was there that he could want, and was going to rouse the nurse, when somebody came upon me and took me hy thc shoulders. At first I thought it was you." " Why should you think that I would take you by t he shoulders ?" His suspicion was not quenched, but seized upon every word. " Yes," she said, " why should I ? I thought, perhaps, you were angry with me for being there at all. "Why should I he angry with you," he asked again, " for being there ?" never taking his eyes from her face. On her part she never looked towards him, but continued impatiently, " I don't suppose I thought of the whys and the wherefores. I thought it was you, that was alL And when I found it was Mary-I don't know wliether she dragged me out or I poshed her out. Above all I feared a noise to wake the hoy." John gave her a long, searching look. He did not want to find her out. He wanted her to clear herself from all suspicions, from all doubts. "Ah, thc boy!" bc said, with a long-drawn breath, "thc poor boy ! Did you wake him ? It might have been us much as his life was worth." " You think of nothing else," she said. Then with a sort of indulgence to his weakness. " Your boy never stirrpd." She breathed forth heavily a sigh-WHS it of thankfulness? "iBupposc he was sleeping," she added, with a sort of bravado, " I did not look." "Good God !" cried John, springing up, " was there any doubt ? Had you any doubt Y' He seized his dressing gown und thrust his arms into his sleeves, and his feet into slippers. " Aye," cried Letitia, still without a move- ment, without even looking at him, "go and see. Nothing would make mc face that woman again." She sat idly playing with a ring upon her finger, turning lt round und round,but neither raised her head nor looked at him though he fmused before ber with aplin thc searching ook of anxiety which lie dared not define. "Letitia," he said, "forGod's sake whnt do you mean ? There is something in ult this I don't understand." " Ab, don't I speak plain enough ?" she enid. "It's Mary come back, und asmadas a March hare." " And you left her-a woman-in that state-alone with thc boy, just out of the jaws of death : What's that on your gown V" Silo looked nt it, bending forward to see - a long streak ns of something spilt. The stain was stiff, giving a rigid linc to thc Stull-and what John suspected, feared it lo be, cannot bc put into words. His eyes grew wild with terror, and his voice hoarse, as he repeated : "On your gown? What is it? what is it?" "Oh, thc milk 1" Letitia said. It brought everything before her, und a shiver ran over her again : but also a laugh, which, though tuneless enough, gavu thc distracted man by tier side some comfort, for she could not have laughed surely if it had been- " We spilt it between IIB," Letitia said, "und mud os elie was she drew back for that, not to spoil her dress. She had her senses enough for that." He stood in front of her for a moment, undecided what to do, when she suddenly rained her head and cried sharply, "John, why don't you go and see ?" " I can't understand you," he said. " Von mean more than I know." She looked up at him again and laughed in a way that froze IIÍB blood. " Don't I always ?" «be «sid, with a, tone of contempt Then added stamping on the floor, "Go-go and see what has happened. I will never see that woman again." John wont softly along thc corridor, half dressed, ashamed, miserable. Something had happened more than be could understand, perhaps more than he would ever understand. The bouse was all silent, wrapt as in a garment in the morning sunshine, which came in by the great staircase windows and flooded everything It was still very early. His step made a sound which ran all through and through it He could not be noiseless as the women were who stole about, and met, and had their encounters and nobody was ever the wiser. He thought it was in thc middle of the night that thia arrival must have occurred which seemod to him like a dream, and which as he passed through the sleeping house and felt the stillness of it lie began to think must bc but some wild I fancy of hu wife's, something which could not lie true. When lie pushed open the door of the ante-room a dark figure rose hurriedly out i of u chair, and met him with the dazed look of a person disturbed and half asleep. " Miss Hill !" he cried. Then it was true ! She put up her hand and said " Hush. ' Then, ofter a moment, " He is alseep, like a baby ; lie has never stirred. " " Arc you sure-that he is asleep 5" " Oh, I thought that myself," she, cried, understanding hun. " Ho was so quiet. Yes, yes, he is asleep ; breathing faintly, but you can hear bim. Oh, safe and sound asleep 1" " My wife told mc-his mother-" " She Ls liiere," said Agnes, beckoning him to thc door of the inner room. He stood and looked in for a moment, with his clouded and troubled face, leaning against the lintel. Mary's ear hod been caught hy the sound. She looked up and met his eyes with that ethereal clearnessof countenance, theexultation of her aroused and awakened soul. Shclooked him in the face with a mild serenity and peace and smiled in recognition then turned her eyes to the bod as if to show him the boy Boftly sleeping there, Behind the nurse still Blent in thc easy chair. To John ii seemed as if it were all a dream, of which there was no explanation. How did it come about that the sick room hod passed ¡uto thc keeping of these two, arriving mysteriously during thc uight, whom Iiis wife must have risen from his side to receive, of whom he had heard nothing? The nurse asleep, all the usual faces gone, the mother who had disowned him sitting in that attitude of love by Mar's Bide-what did it all mean ? "This is all very strange," bc said, drawing back from thc door. "I find you here in possession whom I thought far away-and the mother who was so estranged. Did you come down from thc skies ? Is it safe to leave her there ? Is she-" Agnes looked at the man who was comparatively little kuown to her, who was a mon, frighUuingand disturbing her in his Btrang undress in the midst of the silent house. She wasauelderly singlewomau, unaccustomed to give any account of herself to strange men, and her weariness and all the unusual circumstancestoldupon her. Uerlipsquivercd and her eyes filled. "Oh," she said, "Mr. Parke, do not think we meant any-any reproach. Things have happened that have brought my sister to her full senses-and to remember everything. I could not keep her from her boy-you would not keep her from lier boy-" " Not if she is sane ; uot if it is safe," raid John. He looked in again through thc half closed door. Once more Mary's keen car caught thc sound; and again she turned towards him her face, which was like the morning sky. She had never been beautiful in her nest and youngest days. Now, with her grey hair ruined by the night's vigil, her mild eyes cleared from any 61m that had been upon them, lambent and inspired with ¡ watchful love, her look overawed the anxious spectator. He stepped back again with a sort of apologetic humility. "I don't understand it," he said. "You seem to have some meaning among you that I don't know: but I cannot bc the one to disturb her. I hope I linne that I am making no mistake-" " You are making un mistake, Mr. Parke," said Agnes. " Mar. was my child more than her's ; he M US my bally. My heart «-as nearly broken, for I thought lie was dying when I came herc last night, Hut I trust him in his mother's hands. I give place to her because it is lier right. Do you think I would leave my boy to her if she were not in her full senses, ready to defend him, ready to protect him-" She stopped, choked with the sobs, which, in lier great exhaustion und emotion, Agnes could no louger entirely keep down. "To defend him-to protect him? From what? from what !" John said. "Oh, how can I tell? From the perils and dangers of thc night ; from carelessness and any ill wish." Johu's voice was choked as that of Agnes' had been. " There is no ill wiall," he said " none-to Mar. in this house." He saw, as he spoke, the traces on the floor of something spilt like that on his wife's gown-and some fragments of the broken glass which bod escaped Agnes' scrutiny. He did not know what they meant. He was not clever, nor had he any imagination to divine ; but something went through him like a cold blast, chilling him to the heart. He paused a moment, staring at thc floor, and the words died away on his lips. VA lien John returned to Ins wife's room Letitia was in bed, and to all amiearancc fast asleep. Tile poor man was glad, if such a word could bc applied to anything he was capable of feeling. He withdrew softly into his dressing-roon, and sat there for a long time with his head in his hands and his face hidden What to think of the mysterious things that had passed that night he did not know. (To he continued.) 