CITY TABERNACLE. A MEMORIAL SERVICE. Pi'oaohing from the words, "An Old Disoiple," Acts xxi., 1(5, at the City Tabernacle yesterday morning, the Rev. W. Whalo made touching reference to the death of Mr. Jamos M'Leod, an old and respected momber of the church. Ho said their dear and venorable friend was the oldest person in their ohuroli fellowship, and he was privileged by boing able to continue in it until within almost a week of his departure from among them. Thero was not a moro familiar presence at thoir gather- ings, for prayer, for worship, and for communion at the Lord's table. Ho was regarded by thom all with the deepest affeo tion, for lie was a good man and full of the Holy Ghost. The most rigid disciplinarian had not moro intogrity of character, and the most amiable friend had not moro warmth oí affec- tion. Ho was kindly and helpful to thoyoung in their aspirations, he was genuinely pitiful to tho erring in their penitence ; ho was a voritablo Barnabas as a " son of consolation'1 to the tried pcoplo of God in their struggles and caros. What wonder, then, that all who know him felt that earth was the poorer for his absonco, and that thoy of that church had a sonso of bereavement only a dogroo los3 acuto than that which was felt in his own home circle. For the dear and aged widow, and for tho hearts that cliugto her in tho hour of this great homo sonow, let every true Christian pray ; but lot none sorrow ns being without hopo, for most suiely had thoir brother gono to tho land of tho im- mortals, and joinod the spirits of tho just in the Church triumphant. James M'Leod was horn in 1800, so his oarcor extended from the livst decade to the last decade in tho ninotocnth century. Ho carno of the raco of sturdy yeomanry who farmed in Sutherland shire when farniing was emphatically the leading occupation of tho country. His father wns an oidor in tho Scottish Church, and his home was of the sort so graphically depicted by Burns in " The Cottor's Saturday Night." The intolloctual aspiration of his early days was not unlike that of Thomas Carlyle, and was, in God's good providonco, guided to the work of toaching tho young, a task to which ho always was dovotod, and for which ho was eminently qualified. At fourteen years of ago ho tool: his first season as a private tutor, and from that time on for sixty years and moro ho taught tho young. In 1828 he rocoived his commission to loach at Bonar Bridgo, and how many have reason to bless God for his efforts and inllnonco eternity only could rovoal. Jamos M'Lood was one of the noble band who followed the lead of Ohalmors, Guthrie, and othors al tho Disruption, as it was oalled. The noble men who came out from the Established Chnroh and founded the Fron Church of Scotland deserved well of thoir country and of the world. Their friend was a teaohov under the Freo Church until 1804, at which dato he came to Queensland, being then iifty-eight years of ago, and ho served the public of tho colony for Bovontoen years in the same noblo work. Ho . carno to see tho privilege of complete obodionoo in tho niattor of boliovors' baptism, and was immorsod by tho Rov. J. Downing at Forteseuo Btroot Cliuroh, and soon afterwards joinod tho Wlmrf-stroot Church, whoro ho continued a saintly holpful influonoo until his doooaso. Happily ho ncodod no apology, and askod for no applause. As a sturdy youth plodding his way to qualifications and sorvioos in his calling ; as a son affootionatoly fulülling tho hopos of his doar parents ¡ as a husband patiently and lovingly sustaining and shielding tho parin«' of his domestic lifo ; as a father prayortully and faithfully training and providing for his chil- dren, who livo to bloss his memory; as a citizen of stainless lopntation and oarnost public spirit Booking tho best interests of his country ; as a philanthropist prnotioally holpful in all societies whoso object was to raiso tho fallon, to save tho lost, and to help tho noody ; as a Christian loyal to Ina Church, largo in his charity, saintly in his life, activo in sorvioo among the young and the old, ho oft'orod an oxamplo, the memory of which was a consola- tion lo his friends, and an inspiration to tho génération which ho sorvod until by tho will of God ho fell asloop, The dosing Bcono, so painloss, so calm, so trustful, so like a beautiful sunset, so in harmony with tho life- who could havo wishod it othor than it was. no ontorod the land of tho promises in tho calmness of conscious faith, hope, and lovo. In conclusion the proachor doducod the lossons which should, ho thought, bo learned from such a lifo. 