iROVCHSt. The Rajah's Vengeance. — — A STORY OF INDIA- m BY FREDERICK M. DEY. c;t A.P IE 11 III.- -Co XriXUElf. While seemingly frank and confident with me, there were some points upon which lie was ex tremely reticent. He told me that he belonged to one of the liajpootran sects, and was allied to the house of a mwerful Riiili who onlv remained f.iendly with the British rule so long as it left him undisturbed in his own possessions. The Rajah N&hmar.lis; was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simriia's description, wan marvellously rich, proud as Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large extent, and was situated in the district known as Odevpore. 4 Can you tell me,' I asked of Sicirha, 4 if you have ever known of a Hindoo piince called Havana ?' ' Yes, sahib,' he replied. The Rajah Havana was the father of the Rajali Xahinauda.' It was only my strong self-control and power to suppress sudden emotions which prevented me from leaping to my feet with a cry of joy. As it was, I started a little, for the answer he had given told me that, through some strange circumstance, I had engaged as my servant one who was already connected with the household of the very Rajah to whom I m, est look for the information I sought iu behalf of G >g swell's i\ quest. It was then I began to question Simrha, and found him so extremely reticent and so loth to give me any details regarding the things I most wished to know. OntliR fourth «." v >— = - would be, in a measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it were possible to persuade bim to tell me more concerning the Rajah's immediate surroundings. 4 Simrha,' I said, quietly, 4 1, too, am going to India.' 4 To India ?' he c- ied, ' Yes,' I continued ; "and am so well pleased with you and your services that if you desire it you may continue with me — on one condi tion.' 4 Yes, sahib ? ' : The condition is you remain iu my service dnring the time I aui iu your country, and give me what aid you can in an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.' He was silent for several moments. 4 If the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit OJ-ypore during his stay, I w ill readily consent to the first part of the condition,' be said, finally. 'liat it is to OJeypire that J. most desire to 8"-' In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your service,' 4 Why not ?' xiccause a uening to rue iiousenolo o 1 the Rajah Xahmanda.' 4 In what capacity do you serve him ?' 4 That which in your country you would term secretary.' 4 Rat can yen not secure his consent to my plan? I asked. ' Impossible, sahib ?' The tone in which lie answered me was so de cided that I plainly saw the futility of arguing with him farther. 4 Will you tell inj of his household?' I asked. What more do you desire to know sahib ? 4 Has he any family ? Would be entertain me for a few days at his palace ?' 4 He would not refuse you if you applied to him, sahib; hut, if you will allow me to advise you, do not go there.' ' AYhy, Simrha ?' 4 The Kajali knows you.' 4 Knows me V I ci ied in wonder. 4 Yes, sahib. That is, bo will know you by the time you reach his palace, and he will suspect the cause of your visit." 4 But my visit has no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. 4 Pardon me, sahib, hut it has. You were for many years tic confidential friend of Sahib Reu ben Cogswell, who is now dead, and the Rajah will suspect that it is upon his affairs that you make the visit.' 1 wasastounded. Vlo are you, Simrha ?' I cried. 4 And how do you lnow these things? !' lam Simrha, a Hindoo,' he replied, calmly, ' aui 1 know whereof I speak, because it became m- duty to know all that concerned the Sahib Ruben Cogswell when I left India.' 4 Then you were sent here by the Rajah ?' 4 1 was, sahib.' 4 In company with another?' He bowed an allirmative. 4 How long ago, Simrha?' 4 Two years.' ' Hid you see the old man before he died V 4 1 did, sahio, but be did not see me.' 4 Ah !' 4 I visited bis bouse many times," be con tinued. 4 Without bis knowledge?" 4 Without bis knowledge.' 4 For what purpose ?' For the p; rp >ve of serving my master. Simrha,' 1 said, slowly and impressively, 4 if yon aill t.ll me all yon know — and that you think would interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.' 4 If the sahib should give me all the wealth of the Rajah Nahmanda,' he replied, 1 it would be useless for me to speak, even though I were wil ling.' 4 Why?' 4 Because I should be killed.' 4 By whom ?' 4 By ill jse who watch me day and night.' 4 Are there spies aboard this ship ?' 4 Ay. sahib, and in this very apartment.' I glanced quickly around, bat the Hindoo only smiled. 4 They cannot be seen,' he said, 4 and yet they are here. S.e ! I will leave the apartment and go upon deck. While I am gene, if yon will recsll the face of the Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you w ould speak to him where he really here, 1 will return and tell you w hat you said and what lie answered. 4 What he answered J' 4 Yes, saliib, for be will answer you.' Without another word he turned and left me, while seating myself on the edge < f my hunk, 1 fell to picturing Cogswell's face upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound around it ; my eyes grew heavy aud I closed them, but not in sleep ; only because i1 accmed an effort to ktep them open. Suddenly a very familiar voice broke in upon ine. 4 Yfhat is it, John?' it said ; aud looking up quickly, although my eyes still f-.ltas ir they were closed, I beheld Reuben Cogswell standing before me. He looked just as I had seen him in my in. explicable dream the night when I obtained the signatures, and as then his presence did not seem I to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that he should be ihere. 4 Who is this Hindoo travelling with ma ?' I asked. 4 A peculiar person,' he replied. He is subtle keen, aud powerfal in his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.' 4 He knows much of our affairs,' I said slowly and meditatively. 4 He knows nearly all,' replied the old man, 4 What be does not know and what he is deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyage to his country.' 4 How shall I he able to prevail upon him to work for me iu this matter of carrying out your wishes ? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life would be invaluable to ine.' 1 Ay, John, so it would, but you must be careful. Ibeiievc Jiuurha to be faithful, and possibly, if you were frank and open with him, it might not l>3 amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise you. Old Reuben's face was becoming indistinct, and as it did so my mind seemed to work with more freedom, for suddenly a new thought occurred to He. 4 Wait !' 1 cried. 4 One more question." 4 What is it ?' 'Shell I find your descendant in India? Have you one there ? Was it fancy, or did the face before me relax into a smile as I asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance . heard his voice re ply to my question : ' Ay, 1 have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her. 4 Her !' I cried, but he had gone. The familiar old face had faded from view, and I was left alone. I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and then with an -w..- r a <l.— Ln find mv.clf «5" upon 'he edge of my bunk in the state-room with every thing that liad occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around mc. 4 Is my mind losing its balance ?" I asked my. self, 4 Am 1 subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have these strange and realistic visions, driams, in which I see ghosts? Pshaw! Non sense ! And yet' At this instant the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing i:i the entrance. There was a peculiar smile upon his face like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still hovering about me, I fancied there was something triumphant in his glance also. 'Shall I enter, sahib?' he inquired, respecifully- and as I nodded he came iu and closed the door bellied him. ' Shall I speak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?'— Sec Picture No. ft. — lie asked ; and I wondering, if he indeed knew, and vet, dreading to share the knowledge with him, hesi tated. . - N j <1\. — ' Shall 1 speak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?' asked Simrha. My curiosity was too much for me, however and the strange smile which still lingered about the Hindoo's eyes seemed to urge me on. 4 Yes,' speak !' I said. 4 Tell me all you know — all, or leave my employ." CHAPTER IV. THE Hindoo'S VARNUSO. Simrha seated himself upon a chair near the door, and slowly repeated the questions and answers, each and all, which had passed between Reuben Cogswell and myself during my strange dream, for I could explain my lato experience no other way. hen he had finished, I sprang to my feet in anger.' 4 Go on,' 1 cried. 4 Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to en gage you as my servant, because you were in want, have by some infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power ; and now- I swear that you shall never leave this room aliTe until you have answered every question which I shall ask.' I held in my hand a revolver, the hammer raised, and the muzzle pointing straight at his head, hut, notwithstanding my attitude and the danger which seemed lo menace him, he did not _ move. ' Let the sahib ask Hie question before he shoots," said he, calmly. Do yon know the descendant of this Bjoba Cogswell?' 4 Yes.' ' »Yho, where, and what is tha person ?' 4 She is a grand-niece of the Rajah Nabmanba, and resides in his palace in Odevpore. What is she ? A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a moment more he continued : 4 Let the sahib listen,' he said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let him take heed. During tho night before he left his native place a double crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. Bring cast into prison, an unknown friend released bim, and he escaped.' I was by this time walking back and forth iu the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak ; but in my hand I still carried the revol- ler, aud in my mind many schemes arose for lid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant. I did not interrupt him, however. 4 You arc hound for the East on a most dang. r- ous mission,' he said, and your path will be beset with treachery aud danger continually. When you least expect it death will stare you In the face. When apparently in the greatest security, perils subtle and sudden will stand ion either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as the Ri j ib Nali- manlia Jives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unless you are prepared to turn hack from your present intentions and forsake all further eftort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well.' 4 Never !' I cried. Again that faint sniil", like the flitting of a phantom, passed across his face. 4 1 have not done,' he continued, 4 for I knew before I spoke that you would not turn hack. There is, S ihib, a brighter side, for a friend — tbe friend who liberated you from prison — will watch over you constantly, and when dangers threaten and the sword is absut to fall you will ba sure to be warned. How cianot bo told, hat let ii not matter how the warning comes heed it ; no mat ter how many there are, heed them all, or you will die-' 4 Who is this friend ?' I asked, pausing alirnptly iu my restless paring to and fro ; 4 and, Simrha, who are you ? Not a servant, surely !' Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen ; you shall know all that can be told. With that you must he satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at present. When your enemies find that you escape them aud still live, tliey will resort to apparent warn ing to lead yon into danger; hut heed them not. You will always know" the messages of tout friend by the word "Nurha," either spoken or written.' ' Why do you tell ms this ?' I asked.'4 To frighten me ? H that is your reason, Simrha, yon will not succeed. ' No more questions can 1)5 answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told take heed, for the truth has been spoken. I deceived you in order to enter your service, but that was done for the purpose of this interview. You could not be spoken to until wc were on the water. Now that the words are spoken, we must part. Remember, sahib, all that yon have heard, and if yon heed the warning we shall meet again if not, you will fail ; and, if even you had a hundred lives re- given you, one after another, you would still be — dead.' Turning abruptly, he re-opened the door, and left mc, while I, seating myself once more upon the edge of the bunk, leaned my bead upon my hands, and pondered over the strange words I had just heard. -re-!, x, men, iu sueii great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rajah so powerful that his influ ence extended into Joreigu lands, threatening people's lives? Bah! Tbe idea was preposte rous. .And yet, how had Simrha known so much of my affairs ? How was he to know that I was in any way connected with the affairs of Reuben Cogswell ? Nay, more ! How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which had hastened my departure for the Fast, There was only one answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the Ittjah were upon every hand, watchful, subtle — aye. and fatal too. Bat why had he warned me? Why had he selected me out of tiie chaos of Hindoo hatred to be watched over and finally saved as he had inti mated? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? Was it part of the treachery to which he referred ? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliness to wards me ? Alas ! there was no answer to that ! ' Stop !' I exclaimed, hurriedly. 'I will g.) on deck and find him, unestion him farther, and force him to tell me more. Without thinking twics, 1 left the stateroom for the deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could be seen anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back aud forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would be fruitless, 1 spoke to the chief officer, and explained to him my wish to find my servant. Oil, yes,' he said, ' remember him perfectly — a strange-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian — eh ? I thought so. He spoke to me here on deck less than ail hour ago. Lost him — eli? Well, he U somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.' Calling the pursuer to his aid, we three resumed the searcli, but- after occupying an hour iu fruitless endeavours to find bim, we met again. 4 lie couldn't leave the ship very well, unless he went overboard,' said the officer, 4 and he could not very well do that iu daylight without my hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find him if 1 have to ransack the ship from stem to sttrn.' We began with the steerage, every one of the passengers in that part of Ibe vessel being com pelled to pass in review before us, We went down into the hold, where stowaways secret themselves. We looked among the stokers iu the boiler -room?. Ill fact, not a portion i f the ship where a man could by any possibility have secreted himself was left unexamined. Simrha had disappeared. The entire ship, crew and passengers alike, be came interested in the strange and inexplicable event, aud frit that he must he found ; hut as the day wore on, and still my Hindoo servant was mis sing, 1 gave liim up. 4 lie must have gone overboard,' said the chief ofiicer to me, when the search was completed, 4 fori am positive that he is not aboard the ves sel now.' Aud so thought 1, and although 1 could not be lieve that he had voluntarily thrown himself into the sea, I concluded that iu attempting to conceal himsell lie had somehow fallen overboard and been lost. On the following day a new excitement of some kind arose, and my missing servant was forgotten, until almost night, when the chief ofiicer, followed by the steward, approached me as 1 smoked my cigar on the deck. 4 The steward tells me a strange story,' said the officer, and 1 bare asked liim to repeat it to j you. If, after you hare beard it, you would like to hare the ship gone over again, it shall be done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward's story nothing but imagination.' 4 Let me hear it,' lsaid. Ho said that half an hour before he was put ting away som: glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, where he kept several kinds of dainty food, & ;. Be opc-ncl the door sullenly, aud was frightened nearly out of his wits by the sight that met his gi.ze. Standing at the farther end of the pantry, with a glass of wine at his lips, was the figure of my Hindoo servant Simrha. The steward quickly recovered his wits, bow- ever, and crying, 'Aha, 1 have caught you, have 1 ?' sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But he had not taken the second step before he came to a Eulden stop, for the East Indian was no longer there. He had disappeared hi fore the steward's eyes, and at the further end of a little closet-like room, from which there was absolutely no means of escape, except by passing through tbe door behind the indignant steward. The man rubbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blurred his vision, but the Hindoo had van ished like the flame of a lamp when quickly snuffed out. Tbe second look satisfied him that he was not mistaken, while on the other hand he was as posi tive that the strange man had been there when he first entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turn el and fled from the place, convinced that he lial seen a ghost, and going 'straight to tbe chief officer, he had told the story which in turn was related to me. 4 All imagination, 1 say,' ejaculated the officer- 4 hut all the same, Mr. Merlon (that was the name 1 had caused to be entered in the pissmger list for mine) wc will make another search if you say so.' 'Let us go into pint-ry,' 1 replied. 'Hid Sinn hi indeed been there engaged in drinking wine, there will be some evidences of his presence there, surely.' Wc went together t> the steward's pintry, and there, upon the little table at the further end was a half empty bottle of claret and a glass, both of which the steward took his oath were not there when he had gone out <_f the place a couple of hours before, encountering in his way what he now thoroughly believed to be tbe phantom of Simrha. ' Ghosts don't drink wine and eat biscuits,' said tbc chief offi :er, 4 and here arc crumbs which show- that somabjdy has boon engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Morton ?' 1 did not know what t ) say, fe ling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shapes and incx plicable events, which somehow influenced me strangely. 4 Let us make another search,' said 1, after a pause. This time it was mvle with even more tho roughness than it ha-1 been before, the differ ent parts of the vessel being examined sxo-ulta - neously. l'lu result, however, was tho same as bifore, as after two hours had been consumed iu ilie fruit less search for the Hindoo, the chief ofiicer sought me out again. It is useless,' lis said ; 4 the frilow is not aboard this ship — 1 am certain of that.' 4 How, then, do you account for the steward's story ?' 1 asked. 4 Superstition and imagination,' lie replied ; and he turned away to attend to his duties. When I went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt in my mind. 1 could not shake off tho feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caught myself looking earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expect ing to see mm silently aud complacently regarding ms with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his swarthy face. 1 eren went so far as to pull aside tbe curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at me from among the life-preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that ariicles were missing from his pan try, but the chief offi cer charged the fact to the man's superstitions terror, saying sententi:usly, 4 now that Clark had seen one ghost he would be troubled with them all his life." Wc made port at Lirerpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the earliest mini "it when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly I was aroused by aloud rap on my door just as darkness was fleeing brfore the ad vance of the sun. I arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dres sing. Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hung on its hook against the bulkhead ? It was no fancy, hut fact, and L seized the frag ment of paper with trembling hinds, and as 1 read a s trance, creeping sensation tingled through mv nervous system. There was an evidence of the presence of Sim rha, for there could be no doubt that it was he who intended to act as tha mysterious friend who was to give mc timely warning of any approaching danger. Tiie note was written in the Hindustani langu age, ana was as follows : 'Do not stop in London. Go immediately to 1 Dover and then across the Channel to F ranee. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurha again.' I hesitated. Now was the lime for me to decide whether or not I should follow the advice thus given ms. for if I followed it at all, it must be to do so impli fitly in blind confidence and ob alienee. How had the note been placed in my room while I slept? Was Simrha really alive and aboard the ship ? If so, he m xst indeed be adroit to successfully evade the men who had searched for him so diligently through every pirt of the vessel. It was evident that 1 could not avoid him. Wiiy, the)!, attempt it ? If he were indeed my friend, 1 jelt that my mission would succeed ; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man. 4 1 will obey !" 1 said aloud ; and then I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behind me had re plied almost instantly : 'Nurha thanks you.' 4 Who spoke?' 1 cried; but no one answered. A careful search satisfied me that 1 was alone. lam beset with devils — or angels,' I muttered, 4 or else 1 am going mad.' 3Iy toilet was completed in the utmost haste, and I left tbe ship without delay, making iny way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thence across the Channel to Calais. Nothing occurred worth remark during the time thus employed, and 1 resolved to remain in the quaint old French town a few days for rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was rather awry since the night when I had completed j my bargain with — whom ? With l'rime and j Hurley, or wi'.li their ghosts ? Ugh ! At all events, I I had completed the bargain. With whom or what that bargain had really been completed could avail nothing now. It was done, and there was an end of it — so far ? Four days passed iu this way, and 1 had decided to take iny departure on the morning of the fifth. llj 3 To he Costisced. 