COBSBSPOSDEHOB. OXJli RAILWAYS. {To the Editor of the Bnu angong Ai'bub.) Sill,—The inspired Sydney dailies iuform lie f>«in time to time thai fclic railway au<l tramway recciptan.ro incitusinf; mut f.ibulously from month to mouth, bnt nothing u said of the enormous expenditure under tlie swelling system which for the last nine or ton nio.il.ln has boon going on in conncction 1 with every trunk mnl branch line in the colony. The periiniiiciit-iv.iy br,mch ha* been virtually hamlei) "V'r M a cl.iiS of labour-exactors, who, uetin^ under Die influence und advice "f the ' men who cxpressi-d a determination by word and act to crush ami immre Hie claims of wmkincn, now liol'l the rniUray workers by the thrust, with a J»rip of iron aud play the practical philanthropist with delegates aiui representatives much ia the way that certain sccUrians make known their anxiety for the salvation of man—"My way is the best ; I am unable tn ece a better ; what you advance is impossible. I mil a good mail ; put faith in me and I will lc a father and a friend <o nil,but l>y if any rebel against my ordinances the doom of my mercv and the light of my cmintenance are for ever closed against them." Tliese middlemen or contractors are for the most part represented by the blacklegs of British labour, who hearing of the nccession of their countrymen to office and power in N.S.W. flockcd to the ports nf Britain from all parts of the island, clad iu Hrobdignairian pantaloons, fan-tailed bangers, aud Litiputian'hats, mi utally distinguished by bumptious ignorance, foul- moulhedneBS, aud a mistaken belief that Australia liail much to learn from their wonderful knowledge of railwny construction. Well, these British rush- lights of science arrived among us, were gathered into employment at once and set about supervising tho repairs of the permanent-way. I will not say that the Commissioners actually caused theso people to coine into this country, but when tlicy did darken our shores with supciHuoiis drapery and pollute our tunny atmosphere with imported blasphemy then compassion opened to the interesting strangers and a piovision was made for them under the boss sweaters. Noiv for a description of some of the work done by their orders and wider their personal inspec tion. For nearly three months the writer was employed with a gang of platelayers, whose duty it was to make alterations in station yards, put ill sidings for tablet stations, dead-roads, &c.;, and during that time 110 single job was suffered to be finished before the whole gang had to pack up toolB aud remove, sometimes >me hundred and fifty miles, to undertake some similar job and again leave that precipitately unfinished, as & matter of course, for another one. All this time the contractors were being paid hy the department on a schedule basis for the men so employed ; but it must lie imderftiioil tlmt though the men were huwked from end to end of the lines no allowance was made to them for travelling, no wages or other expenses whatsoever. And most of these jobs were started without the presence of an inspector and abandoned without a single official coming 011 the work to ascertain whether it was being done in accordance with the plans nr not. I know for a fact of an official losing a tracing of work in connection with a station yard, and, being afraid to report the fact, put the responsibility of doing it at haphazzard on the (shoulders of a soft-headed ganger, and then abused the latter for not doing it in accordance with the plan, although the work was as after circumstances proved, as near correct as possible. Sometimes the meu were sent to places at a distance where urgent work had to be done, aud arrived there without tools, tents, or other necessaries through the want of ordinary foresight, or the neglect of officials, very often the latter, as some of these gentry were known to be iu a hilarious state some twenty or thirty miles nway. Whenever this occurred, and it did occur Bomewlint frequently, the men had to campus best they could, borrow tools from the fettlers, and collect material for the work from wherever it could be found. I haveknovu gangs of men who had to suffer n;nny iucouyeiiie.ices through being kept out of their wages for five and six weeks, many of them lieiug forced to diipose of personal effects in order to supply their daily wants, aud others, in consequence of not liejug so provided, subjected to the most galling,diardshipB. Ccrtuiuly when the contractor was appealed to prompt relief was accorded, and I mention the fact as illustrative of the class of men entrusted by him lutlvthu eontrol and supervision of the works. Now for a few words descriptive of these persons.' Very few of them possess any experience of railway work, being ex-pastry cooks, marine stewards, horse jockiee, and hunkrupt road contractors, with an occasional croulc fuddlcr thrown ill, as an accountant, never civil and seldom sober. I know a fellow .who was placed in charge of a ballast gang, whose knowledge of work is about eqnal to that of a chopstock Indiau, aud who retained the position till every man in tho gang kicked against working under him, aud he received the appointment simply because'a relation happened to occupy a position iu"a branch of the department. The sons of departmental inspectors arc also provided for under the sweaters, their fitness being as a matter of cause lost in the neoejsity of placating their respectcd sires whose duty it is to see that contractors (?)give a fair equivalent for what they . receive. The depaitinenlal inspectors of, the permanent-way are fearful that Hiceo burly importations arc destined at no very distant date to step into their shoes, and as a matter cf fact do all in'their power to thwart them in the carrying out of such work as fs committed to their charge. True, some of tbem get drunk toeether, and their wieesfight the issue out to a finish, but their nightly potations are impotent to exorcise the ghost of fear that returns with " the dawuing of morning,'.' and we^can therefore pretty accuiately infer how smoothly : this little wing of the , scrvice glides a'ong. Of course; in speuking of the inspectorial staff,' I do not moan to have it understood that my remarks can be taken without exception. On the cbhtrary there are excellent men in this rauk of the ' service,' but unfortunately occupying inferior grades, a circumstance which goes far to demonstrate that equity is not an clement much deferred to- in the making of appointments. I have iio Spftrticular -wish to be personal, but could, were'I so idieposed, draw a picture that would cause Mr. Eddy to adjust his glasses and wonder whether be ran a railway concern or a benevolent asylum. Sonrs.cfco.; * AIOEN DOYLE, 