GHEISTMAS-TIDE. OffCE again we are on the eve of the most joyful of all festivals of the Christian year, and once again it gives us mach pleasure in wishing our readers the compliments of the season. —*^*^.aa xo coseutiauy the anniver sary of pleasure ;the good, thehealthy, the old, and the young are all more than usually happy. It must indeed he a dull heart that feels no chrill of joy as the festive season approaches. On Christmas Day, more than any other, day in the year, the members of a family like to gather round one hearth. and be happy together, passing the time iu harmless conviviality. This feeling arises not only from the iact tha* the day serves as a landmark of family history,, but also from the Igreatness of the festival. On this day nearly 1,900 years ago ' Tidings of great joy' were brought to all people. The song of the nativity was not only, :'- Glory to God in the Highest,' but ; also, 'On earth Peace, Goodwill towards men.' Peace and goodwill 'then, are the humanizing influences, which especially endear this season to us. Something morethaa good wishes iare, however, required. Christmas is the time most devoted to that greatest of all virtues — Charity. By its exer cise, high and low* rich and Door are enabled alike, to enjoy the festivities of the season. Of ail writers Dickens has perhaps best portrayed tliis in his Christinas Carol. In it he told the selfish man to rid himself of selfish ness, the just man to make himself generous, and the good natsred matt to enlarge the sphere of his good, nature. % Flintyjhearted miser Scrooge asks: 'What right have you to be merry? You're poor enough.' To which his nephew replies g&ilyr; ' Come then, what right have you to be dismal? You're rich enough.' The ghost of. his dead partner, old IMaiiey, appears to him in a dream, condemned in spirit to walk abroad among kis fellowmen and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared, when on earth and turned, to happiness. He is then shown three spirits, the spirit of the past, the spirit of the present, and that which it certain lines are persisted in, will be the tuture. A wonderful change ia wrought in the old man's Dature, he is as it were, ?? Born again, on Christ mas morn.' He participates in the Christmas festivities at his nephews, enjoying tbe ' wonderful party, wonder ful games, wonderful unanimity^ won-der-fui happiness V The last we see of Scrooge is giving his poor underpaid, half-starved clerk, Cratchit a dig in the waistcoat, and telling him he'll raise his salary. We do, not suppose it probable that the nrillemuui will be brought about by employers, raising their employees salaries ; ; but it is certain that there will be no millenium without that spirit. Scrooges Christmas did not enol with Christmas. It Listed all the year round. It is not, after all, the coming of the mysterious Sauta Claus, the games, the roast beef and plumi pudding. — It is love, and love makes . Christmas all the year round, le, wish o:tr readers all A MERRY XMAS. In another column will be found a , short report on the Laura Corporation ; meeting, at which the Council sat as a Court of Appeal. The new Municipal Acs of 1890 has given greater powers to Corporations with respect to assess sing Government property* Acting upon what they considered their just rights the Couucil allowed the assess- . ment of the Railway Station residence. Appeal -was made against this, the. drown Solicitor coming up expressly to act for appellant. The case to our - mind lies in a nutshell. Either the Act does gi~7e this power to assess stationmasters' residences, or it does, not. Certainly ijhe utterances of other legal luminaries on the subject would lead us to suppose that this was the intention of the Legislature in framing the particular clause dealing with the subject; and, the Crown Solicitor's opinion, notwithstanding, we would ike to see the question fought out upon the broad principal, and no trivial technical side issues raised which may (?) upset this particular case, but wiil not affect the ultimate interpretation of the clause. j It was unfortunate the station master should have been unwell, and ^ more unfortunate still that he should have goue up to His Worship the Mayor to ask leave to- retire, without first consulting his lawyer. Even granting this witness had outraged Us convenances as understood in our law courts, there surely, could have been no necessity tor him to be ordered back as if he were a dog. It certainly is not gentlemanly thus to address an inferior, and, vvae versa would be termed insolence. Possibly the Crown Solicitor was only nsing the license to brovr beat witnesses allowed to counsel, but outside a court of law it grated somewhat upon the ieelings. I1A.B0CHBFOUCAOT.D has a maxim] that there is great ability in knowing how to coneeal ones ability.' and certainly the Crown Solicitor must have great ability, otherwise, how could he in his address to the court have read the -very long summing up of an English Judge on an appeal ease against as aessment of a police officer occupying _a police station, and citing it as a case 4» guide our City Fathers in coming -to a decision ; and then later on have stated that, ' what the New Municipal Act of 1890 might mean with respect io public buildings other than those specified in the Railway Commissioners Act of 1887 such as police stations i&c.;, he was not prepared to say,' Ci-eaeing Sale.— On perusing our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. J. F. Roennfeldt starts a blearing sale of his splendid saddlery stock to-day. Mr. Eoennfeldt has been a successful prizetaker &t; the late Laura and Jamestown shows, so he should have no trouble in gettiog rid of his stock. We have seen it, and would say to our readers ** Call and inspect early.' ^ Rifle Match; — We understand a match is to be arranged with the city companies, who are to visit Gladstone during the Christmas holiday s. The local team will fire -on their own range. The. team (15 men) -will be picked from the following men:— Captain Weston, Lieutenant Boper, Sergeant Cox, Color Sergeant Gox, Sergeants Bulling, Brown, and Anstey, Corporal Thomas, Privates, Wilson, Bulling, E. Matthiessen, J. Matthiessen, Hodge, Northeast, Thiselton, Henderson and Cook. Poet Augusta Regatta. —By advertise ment in another column it wall be seen that a. special train leaves Gladstone early on Monday morning the 28th inst., to arrive at Port Pirie in time for the steamers leaving ihat port for the Port Augusta Begatta, and returning from Pirie on arrival of steamers. 'This offers a splendid opportunity for a most ?enjoyable holiday trip. There is good ac commodation on the steamers, and inde pendent of the scenery qf the gulf, a good programme of sports is provided at the Port Augusta end. There is nothing like a short sea voyage to clear out the cobwebs and in vigorate the frame. A good sniff of the «* briny' i6 worth a bucketful of physic for destroying the remaining germs of influenza. A Highwat Robbeet, — It is not very ?often in South Australia that the dailies have 4o chronicle such a highway robbery as fol lows. Mr. Chas-JPearce, grocer, of H indley ^treet, Adelaide, waf walking home to his Jodgings in Hyde Park, when a masked man lumped out from behind a hedge, and made A grab at tlie bag Mr- Pearce was carrying. A scritnmasre . ensued, in which both men ?tolled to the ground, but the trial of strength proved favorable to the desperado* as he managed to secure the bag with its unknown ?contents and endeavored to make good his .escape. Mr. Pearce followed him, but the robber called upon him to stop, and as this was not complied with the robber made vse of his revolver. This did not stop Mr. Pearce,, who still continued to advance, and the highwayman again called his weapon into request. He struck his victim in the leg this time, which stopped him. The robber had become unmasked in the conflict «.nd he now cleared. Black trackers and police were soon brought into use, but up ito the time of our going to press the thief is still at large. It is a -great mistake to set up our own «tandard|of right and wrong, and judge people accordingly ; to measure the enjoyment of others by our own ; to expect uniformity of .opinion in. this world; to look for judgment and experience in youth - to endeavor to mould all dispositions alike ; to worry our selves and others with what cannot be re medied. The greatest possible mistake is to neglect a cold or cough, knowing that one bottle of Eaulding's Cough Elixir is all that is required to cn«! it. TQon't forget the Hut Sports to-day. ?That Wacktracker, one too many for him. Those of. us not yet 30 years of age have probably lived in the most important and in tellectually progressive period ot human his tory. Within this hajf century the follow ing inventions and discoveries have been placed before the world : Qeean steamships, railways, street tramways, telegraph lines, pcean e^ble, telephone, phonograph, photo graphy, and a score of others. JTaulding's Cqugli JLlixir and Extract of EJucalyptus are now cjassed among th« important dig. (coveries of the age, and are recommended /far and wide for the cure of all diseases pf £hp chest, throat, and lungs. 