NEEDLES "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Fine. Warm. Sculling. Pugilism. Parliament. Australian wine. A rowdy meeting. The Russian fleet. Turkish brigands. "Maeley's Ghost." The Irish question. A terrible accident. A Sydney defaulter. Hygienic Conference. "Black-eyed Susan." Octave of S. Oswald. An Australian singer. Another labor trouble. Robbery on a steamer. Sergeant James Howe. Lord Kintore's dispatch. Grainger's motion carried. Mr. Sheridan in burlesque. A double sculling challenge. Man drowned at Narandera. Departure of Sara Bernhardt. Tommy Hudson still smiling. Waterhouse has been arrested. A new drop scene at Garner's. A mother and her children burnt. Leave of absence to Mr. Hooper. Sara's cabin smothered in flowers. Heavy rains in New South Wales. West Australian Exploration Company. Legislative Council established a record. Partnerships Bill passed by both Houses. James Shaw has started his banquet caper. Mr. Ash has been suffering from neuralgia. Fifty members present when Grainger spoke. Hancock preached two sermons on Tuesday. Mr. Howe was a sergeant of police 30 years ago. Hancock not so parsonical as usual on Tuesday. No talk on federation in the Assembly on Tuesday. Hopkins was shut up like a jack-knife on Tuesday. Fifty members present to hear Mr. Grainger on Tuesday. Conversazione S. Oswald's Parish-room, Parkside, to-night. Sergeant Howe put McKinlay on the track of Burke and Wills. The speeches on the Governor's dispatch only lasted ten minutes. Hancock says the people in the north always live in a state of famine. The Government, the Governor, and Mr. Grainger were all agreed. Lady Macdonald, wife of the late Premier of Canada, is a total abstainer. The first year's existence of the Port Racing Club a highly successful one. Dashwood complimented Sir John Downer, but supported Happy Valley. For seventy miles in Algeria camels recently marched on nothing but locusts. The Culgoa left the Port with a large quan- tity of colonial produce on Tuesday. The Chairman of Committees objects to accept amendments written in pencil. The total membership of the Army Tem- perance Association in India, is 15,391. Sir E. T. Smith and Mr. Ash both well enough to attend Parliament yesterday. The year's receipts in connection with the Port Adelaide Race Club, £1,494 10s. 2d. The Legislative Council, sat four hours and twenty-four minutes on Tuesday afternoon. The ship's doctor on board the steamer Elberfeldt committed suicide in the Red Sea. As soon as the Cockburn Ministry was non est Mr. Burgoyne was honest. That's Mr. Stock. Dashwood says "the Millbrook scheme is out of the question" as an Adelaide water supply. "Who said 'Nonsense?' Oh, it was only the member for Yatala, Mr. Butler." Thus Mr. Stock. Dashwood, Stock, Grayson, Landseer, and Hancock spoke on Happy Valley waterworks on Tuesday. H. E. Downer wants time to consider the Agricultural Holdings Bill. Only had six weeks so far. The number of marriages registered in London in 1890 was 35,753; births, 130,680; and deaths, 89,554. Nearly 20,000 visitors paid for admission to Shakespeare's birthplace last year, 36 nationali- ties being represented. Mr. Alfred Plumpton is to arrange the musical score of Mr. Alfred Collier's new opera for the piano and voice. Professor Rennie had a good audience to hear his lecture on "Spectrum analysis" at the Port on Tuesday evening. A large wheat crop, says John Lawes, re- moves 50 lb. of nitrogen per acre from the soil, and a big potato crop 100 lb. A public meeting held in Carlton under the auspices of the Australian Natives' Association proved to be a most unruly one. Stock thinks Mr. Rounsevell, Mr. Hawker, and Sir J. W. Downer made the best speeches on the Onkaparinga Waterworks Bill. A general rain has fallen in New South Wales, but is heaviest in the back country, where sheep and stock are suffering greatly. A large gathering of the theatrical profes- sion and the general public in Sydney gave an enthusiastic send-off to Madame Bernhardt. "We had the one-man-one-vote system here to all practical purposes, and he was sure that all members believed in it." Mr. Tomkin- son—"No they don't." (Laughter.) A dramatised version of Rolfe Boldrewood's popular novel, "Robbery Under Arms," will have its first presentation before a local audience on Monday evening next. Weather forecast for to-day—"Barometers falling rapidly, with fresh to strong northerly winds, and weather gradually becoming cloudy and unsettled from the west, with rain later." A banquet given in London by Mr. James Shaw to the officers of the Oroya and a party of Australians was pronounced "great fixings," although there was a lack of colonial "wallop." Into country where 30 years ago explorers could only penetrate as the result of great privations and much personal risk, Royal Commissions may now travel with comparative ease. "Adherents of the new unionism are to be congratulated on their perception of the value of democratic institutions, and also on their efforts to obtain direct representation in Par- liament." The new building which has been erected in Grote-street for the Advanced School for Girls is now ready for occupation, and the scholars will take possession of the new premises on Monday next. In consequence of the frequency of the attacks on American mission stations the Secretary of the United States Navy has ordered the dispatch of several cruisers to Chinese waters. At the meeting of the microscopical section of the Royal Society Mr. Bradley gave a demonstration of a mechanical finger designed for picking up minute objects for mounting on microscopic slides. A memorial cross has just been placed in the Roman Catholic Cemetery, West- terrace, over the grave of Mr. Columbus Rochfort, the late resident secretary of the Citizens' Life Assurance Company. Mr. Alfred Cellier's new opera is to be pro- duced at the Avenue Theatre in October under the management of Mr. Henry Lee, and Mr. Alfred Plumpton, the Australian composer, is to conduct the orchestra. "The success of labor candidates at the elec- tions, both here and elsewhere, will necessarily lead the constituencies they represent to inform themselves more fully on the questions that arise from time to time." A picture of the late Mr. G. F. Angas has been hung in the Legislative Council Chamber. It has been placed over the excellent picture of Captain Sturt, and as a work of art is worthy to compare with that picture. Mr. Hans W. H. Irvine, a well-known Vic- torian vigneron, is at present conducting en- quiries in England concerning the prospects of the Australian wine trade, and has expressed himself as greatly dissatisfied with the methods adopted by the English merchants. "That the Trades and Labor Council is mindful of its responsibility in watching over the interests of working-men is made quite clear by the references which the report con- tains to the legislative measures the council has had under its consideration, and at the same time the number of those measures shows that very much is being done to improve the conditions of labor." 