HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27, 1812, the good ship *' Mar- Compton,' ofBrietol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and tbe captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbor. Once there, tnd they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confi dently. Five minutes later tbe ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces . Fo .i r men, including the captain, were saved. On reaching the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and ex tinguished the light. Souls, as well as etaipB steer by the lights. Hope is the moBt important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of tbe man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? ' You are beyond human aid.' These words were eaid by a physician to a woman who bad come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? JSo; for he might be wrong — and in any case he had no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time In June, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy Bhe could scarcely stand, tier head whirled ' and,' she said,1' all objeste seemed to so into a cloud.' She had to iiold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke ont in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racket] her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. 'I could scarcely crawl about the house,' she eays, ' I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail, I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked tbe doctor to tell me the worst. Hii answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it.' I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. *( I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, * You are past human aid.' *« My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mothers love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I bad no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost J My mother came to eee me and did not know me. My ekm wae of a green and yellow color, and when I ate anything it Beemed to stick in my throat. About this time I com menced vomiting, and what I tbr.w up was tinged with blood. Once I. 'began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and sowcely got rest from it until Monday morn ing, .j, ' At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother SeigeFs Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jeeeon'e, the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle 1 had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 1890,) in better health than ever before in my life. 'I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we bad only a trifle coming in from hie club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me bad off ae I was. All my friends and neighbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry.' (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Boad, Leeds. This was aoⅇ of indigestion ^and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. AfeWWortths, or possibly weeke, more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did -wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. Wilson. 