ORIGINAL POETRY. A liny of Lnbuur Lost. (Op which It may possibly ho asked 44 Is it tlio day or tho labour which is lost ?") Written with apologies to the ghost of Mrs. C. B. Brownie-,' lor die Imhm imitation of her There ore ructions in tho West, wlicro a kind of liornct'H nost Has disturbed tho pcacoful rest of the land ; And tlio squatter has tf. face all tho trouble what takes piaco Tinen a niui-nccic ti lauour race- Makes a stand. Fornhordowho hump tho drum, m their pick- fng.up'rif crnnih, Have proclaimed tlmt thev are come, with n To assert thfrir union law, and shut frvo con tracts door 'Gainst tlioao for orurmoro Who stand out. Thoy hnvo rnleod thn cry " to arms," thoy have ' call'd np war's alarnui, And the flinoll of powder warms every breast ; They declare, wiLhnut a doubt, thoy will burn tho squatter oat, Ere they turn themselves about ' \ .In their zest. From tho shearer with tho tain our Infantry will I»dis|K)»od to sec thn fun of tlio fight ; Cook nnil rnuscabout will show, before they meet a foe, That thoy can do a blow That's nil. right. And tho.speci.il, jnst swoni in. will wear a mournful grin, When called upon, b> pin onn who sliools ; He will think it very queer, to arrest the men ' f who nbear, l?|; And will wish himself well clear , Of thn brutes. 1 Tticv may plant in every station, tho vico regal » ' proclamation. And nerve it out liko ration cut and dry ; But to. think it bears a charm, tho shearer's breast to calm, Or induco thorn to disarm's AH tnyoyo! He has loani'd that 4 rights of labour ' bear no sequel to his notghiiotir, "Who munt bucklo on thn sabro for tho strife ; And preimro to hold liiit own, right to reap whmubn has nown. Ujh/H'cn tho wool that lie has grown. ,/ With his lifo Ho haa struck the warning, note, which tlio ' labonr leaders quolo With unction ko roinnto from tho truth, That capitals tho grave, which swallows nil who Xiiko n devastating waro . Williout ruth. And -to turn thn advancing lido; ho! hn has himself defied \- All thn principles that guidn morn) law, j With a tyranny of fcireo, ho sucks to turn tho Of a wavo that has its snurco .. . In selfn flaw. But when everything is won, which his leaders fix upon And his occupation's gone all to pot ; Whon no shuep are loft to shaar, and tho squatters cbnapDnnr, Holl remark with head more clear, Oh, what rot. Ho in iv then l>o brought to see, his nnlon's fallacy, Wlucli ignores that unity, hy whoso turn Wo stand <>r fall togotlier, through fair or foul- Urn weather, Towards tho light or darkness nether Of Fate's r,k!os. And may leam that moral change, in our social orcitn'n range, Demands no action atranger to our race ; But a general transition, to a law whose onecon- dition Bears tlio stamp on its commission Of lovo's gnu-'- ! Can jufltioo h1iow tho right, whilst knowlcdgo hides her light, And liuto iiiakcii bluckcst night of unrest ? From tlio spirit of a Cain, what hope ltavo wo to That' wrong shall not remain Unredressed ? labour's claims a present case, universal in its Fvcry worker in Iub place should bo free To the field his work demands, to the ways it commands, To tho right which gives his hands Liberty 1 Vet thin lihnrtv tliat covers, only bonds which makes us brothers, Wo must not deny to others wo oppose ! Duty calls us, and her crj'i now and over doth Do as you would bo dono by; Not as foes 1 Wo most strive in nobler way, to redress tho wrongs that lay On tho world of this our day, dark ami deep. Man must tako a higher aim, learn to act the part they claim, And, with duty's sacred name; Faith to keep. Thon tho light which knonlodgo brings, with tho purer thought tliat clings, To nil truth's restoring things, may disperse Clouds of MilfisliucKs and fear, mists of ignor ance which rear Vice and want that make life drear With their curse. And expanding to oar view, lifo will show us Of a progress fixed nud truo, towards a goal, Whom want and toil shall cease, and happiness With tho light that hringoth peaco To tho soul ! W.N.W, Darling Downs, March Gib, 1891. 