Saltó mi gïtiàtà. '[iíO\V''WBST PtWMBKBD.] V THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE ABD f THE HEIR APPARENT: BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The So» of bis Father," "Sk Toni," "Tho Chronicles of Carlingford," "Neighbour« on the Green," " Oliver'« Bride," &c.;, &c;, [ALL Eioirrs HEHKRVEU] CHAITBK XXI. (Continual.) But before Loni Frogmore awoke agitating rumours bod already begun to run through tbc house. Nobody quito new what it was ; but il began to be rumoured thal ber lady- ship was not doing so well as was expected, that she was in a bad way. Whether it was fever, or what it was nobody would tell. A consciousness of such a fact will breathe through a house or even a country without either details or certainty. Thc doctor's face, as he came downstairs, luis linguring after it was clear he was no longer wanted, au ex- clamation, surprised from the lips of one of thc ladies or even a gravity in the aspect of thc nurse, to whom a curious housemaid had handed in something that was wasted, each supported and strengthened thc other. Not BO weU os might be expected. When Loni Frogmore awoke it was afternoon, for he had slept long in thc satisfaction of his soul and the calming of Iiis fears, end he saw a revelation in the face of Rogers when questioned how my lady was. Rogers lied with his lips, or at least he brought forth I a little difficulty thc usual words ; but Lord I Frogmore could not bc deceived by his face. Tho obi gentleman rose with a sudden chill at his heart and dressed mirriedly and hastened to his wife's room, where he could see they were reluctant to admit hun. Mary was lying with a clouded countenance, not like herself, not asleep as they said at first, but muttering to herself, and the faces of ber sister ann thc nurse who were watching by her were very anxious. "She wonts some- thing. What is it she wants?" said thc old lord, anxiously. The experienced nurse shook her head with an ominouB gravity, and begged that the poor lady might not be disturbed. " They arc like that, sometimes," Bhc said, "till they get a good sleep." " But what is it ? What is it Bhc wants ? (Jct her what she wants," said Lord Frog ! more, going to the side of thc bed. Mary I saw him, for Bhe moved a little and raised ber I voice. " It is a girl-it is a girl-tay it is a j girl. Say-say it is a girl !" She looked at ! him with a piteous appeal that broke bis j heart Ah no, she did not know lim. Sho i appealed to him as a sane man, at one who j could satisfy her. " It is a girl-you know j you know it is a girl !" she cried. The heart of thc poor old lord swelled to j bursting. This was all ns new to him ns if be j had been a boy-husband, disturbed, yet so i joyful and proud. "No, Mary, he said; I "no, my dear. It is a beautiful toy. The thing I desired almost in the world was tins I heir"' I Mary gave a shriek that rang through nil I the house. She got up in her bcd, her face I convulsed with horror and terror. "No, no," she cried ¡ " no, no, no. The heir-not the heir-not thc heir. Oh, take it away. Didn't you beor what she said : It will grow up an idiot and kill IIB. Take it away-take I it away." j "Mary!" cried the old lord, taking her I hand, "Mary! This ÍB that wretched woman's doing that bas frightened you. Mary, my love, it is your own child ; a beautiful child. Our son, the boy I wanted, Mary." Mary snatched her hand from his. She shrank away from him to the other edge of the bed. " No, not a boy-no, no, no !-no heir !-there is an heir," she cried, clutching at thc woman who stood on the other side, as if escaping from a danger. " He doesn't know I -bc doesn't know," she cried, flinging her j self upon thc nurse. " It WBU prow up an ! idiot and kill inc. Do you bear ? Do you i hear ? Say it's not so--oh, say it's not so!" I " No, no, my poor dear lady, no, no ! it's ¡as you wish, it ll bc all your wish," said the ' nurse holding thc patient in her arms. And ! Mary clung to thc woman holding her fast, I whispering in her car. Lord Frogmore stood I with piteous eyes and saw his wife shrinking from him, talking to the woman, who bent over her, with thc dreadful whisper of insanity, which meant nothing. Was this what it had come to all thc pride and triumph and joy ! 'The old lord stook with his limbs trembling umlcr him, his old heart sore with disappointment and cold with horror. His mild Mary ! What lind changed her in a moment in the illusion of happiness to this frenzied sufferer? When he saw that she kept hiding her head in the nurse's breast, clinging lo ber, bc withdrew sorrowful and subdued to where Agnes sat by thc tire with the little bundle of flannel on her lap. She was crying quietly under her breath, and looked up at him ¡as he came towards ber with sympathetic trouble. " They say," she whispered, "that it's often so just at first when they want sleep. Oh, don't lose heart !" " It's that accursed woman," he said under his breath. "Ol) I hope not-1 hope it's only - she will bu better when she hos slept. Look at him, poer little darling," said Agnes unfolding thc shawls. Lord Frogmore cast n troubled glance at the poor little heir who seemed about to cost him so dear. He had uo heart to look at the cliild. He crept out of thc room afterwards feeling all MB years and his unfitness, a man near seveuty, for the cares and responsibilities ot a father. A father for thc first time in his seventieth year. And Mary, Mary ! So soon was triumph changed to terror and woe. Thc doctor gave him a little comfort when he came. He said that such eases were not very rare. So great a shock and ordeal to go through acted on delicate ñervos and organisa- tion with a force they wera unable to with- stand, and sometimes the mind was pushed oil' its balance. There would bc nothing to be alarmed about if this state should continue for a weak or two or even more. It was not very uncommon. Thc doctor had various instances on hie tongue os glib ss if they had been a list of patronesses at a bull. Nothing to bc afraid of ! It would pass »way he de- clared and leave no sign. As for thc inter- view with Mrs. John, lie did uot think that had anything to do with it ; there was quite enough to account for it without that. He thought it best that Lord Frogmore should keep out of the way not to distress himself with so melancholy u> sight. Yes it was dis- tressing and melancholy ; but soon it would pass over, und bc like a dream. The old lord was comforted hy this consolatory opinion, for the first hour very much so, hoping as he was told to hope, that in a few days all that alarmed him might be over, and his wife re- stored to him. But he was less confident ut night, and still less confident next day. Indeed he wanted constant assurance thal everything would soon be well. Hu flagged almost immediately after thc new hope had been formed with bim, ns every day bc stol« into his wife's room, and every day came downstairs again with thc horrible conviction that there wa« no improvement. Poor Mary ! her very face seemed changed ; it was haggard and drawn, and her eyes so wistful and so watchful, shone upon bim like sturs, not of hope but of misery. Oh, thc terror in them, and thc watchfulness ! For some days she was afraid of him, nnd turned to the nurse from him, us if to hide herself from his look. Hut bycaiul-bycshc became quiet, supporting his presence, but keeping a watchful eye upon ban ; supporting him, und enduring his présenos. Oh, what a thing to say of Mary, Iiis gentle wife, his happy companion. The heart of the old lord sank lower und lower as those drcalful days went by. ClIAPTEB XXII. To describe thc state of thc Park under the effect of tbis event would be very difficult. Il changed altogether Ul thc most curious way. Indeed, Lord Frotnnore's country scat had gpnc through loverai trarisformations. Di- late. Nothing could) (have been inpr* composed, more orderly lind perfect, than ft had boen under tho sway of Mr. Rogers and Mr. Upjamcs, the respectable valet and butler who liad organised thc life of thc bachelor lord into an elegant comfort and tranquillity which was beyond praise. 'Everything had gone upon velvet in Uiose halycon days ; nota sound had sven boen, heard to disturb thc calm, save thc souhd of conversation among the well-chosen visitors or of a cheerful fire burning, a thing winch could not bc reduced to absolute subjection. There had ncverbeen any bitch in the arrangements ; not even a crumpled reseleaf on a couch. The servants moved about like polite ghosts, noiselessly wanting off every nnnoyance. It had been a model of a luxurious house. Then there had conic a strange modification when thc bride was brought borne, and the entire dwelling had recognised ber presence with mingled distrust and uaeotion and pride. The flutter of womens' dresses about thc place and womens' voices had been at first difficult for thc old servants to bear, who had always hitherto kepi Üie women strictly in their proper pinces, there being no housekeeper for Mr. Upjames was more than equal to that office-and only a meek cook to make any division of authority. Rogers and Upjames bad, however, on thc whole taken kindly to Lady Frogmore, who did not attempt to make any fundamental changes, mid who always was excecdmgly civil, and not jealous of theil' authority ; and they were elated to think that their old lord at sixty-eight was equal to taking upon him all thc responsibilities nf life as if he had been thirty. The mild time of Mary's reign had therefore only added a little brightness, a little ornament, a gentle gaiety to thc well-ordered hoUBc. Rogers himself had grown younger, and Mr. Upjames added a grace to his perfect manner. Tile hutlev had been heard to acknowledge before that he did not feel equal to tackling the Lidies, but he made no such acknowledgment now. Lady Frogmore reconciled them to the feminine sex, and tho Park gained a certain consequence and liberality and light. It was not so com- pletely centred in thc task of making exquisite the comfort of its own master. It began to have thoughts of other people and other things. But now ! Tile house- became at a touch the saddest house. All thc great sitting-roams lay empty, like a sort of vestibule to thc rooms upstairs iii which trouble and sorrow dwelt. Lord Frogmore caine and went with a troubled face. His marriage had not changed his habits much. He had taken all the old old precautions to keep in perfect health. His beef-tea and his baths, and thc certain amount of walking which he preferred any day, and every one of his sanitary regulations had been fully observed as before. But now he cared nothing for any of these things. He walked about all day, going out in thc morning after breakfast, and »rander- ing aimlessly about, instead of his habitual brisk constitutional. But wheu he came in, instead of going to thc library to write his letters or read' his papers, all that be did was to walk upstairs to thc door of his wife's room to sec if there was any change. He came in always with a little hope for the first few weeks, confidently expecting each time he asked thc question to hear that she was better. But after that Iiis countenance changed. He became very grave, scarcely smiling, seldom speaking to anyone. Every time he came in he went upstairs with the sama question ; but there was something spiritless in his took, in his step, in his aspect generally, whieh made you feel that he had given up expecting a good reply. And when thc poor little baby, who was the cause of all this trouble, was brought out to take thc air and walked about in its nurse's arms up and down thc avenue, the old lord would walk up and down too, accompanying the group with a look of such melancholy iu his face as was like to break thc spectators heart. Thc bally it w as allowed on all hauds, was very delicate. Thc flannel shawls so soft and white and fine, were scarcely opened a little from its tiny face to let in thc sunny atmosphere, ¡ind with never a smile of his thin ola face, the father would walk beside il up mid dowu, up and down. Poor little thing ! and poor old gentleman ! they were at üic opposite extremities of human feebleness, and they fully counted life which should have linked them together WOB not Ibeirs. Lord Frog- more dill not look much at his little hoy. Ile was afraid of thc child lest something should happen to lt. It was to him rather u part of j thc substantial nurse who carried il, anti in 1 whose powerful arms it was safer than uny ; thing belonging to him. And yet he walked by its side with his brisk step subdued, his head cost down, a melancholy langour about him. Thc sluroh seemed to have gone out of bis collar, his checks so l osy and firm had Srown limp. To sec him turning up and own, up and down bj' the side of that infant was enough to break auyoue'H heart. Meanwhile to poor Mary there came but little change. She did not recover us the doctor hail promised. She had nothing that could be called u recovery at all. She kept her bed because apparently she had no desire to get up. And sometimes she would hold long conversations about baby clothes and the like with thc nurse, nationally enough, us if ber miud was able to occupy itself with ordüiary duties. Sometimes even she would allow the baby to be brought to her, and cry over it. " Poor little thing !" she would say, "if that is to be its fate; oh, it is not thc little thing's fault. I might bc to blame, but it couldn't be to blame. Oh, poor little thing. I'll not cry out if yon kill me, poor baby. It will not bc you, but dreadful, dreadful fate." "Oh, my lady, don't talk like that. The child will grow up to bc your comfort and joy." "Listen, then, ' said Mary, "it's only to you 1 will tell the secret," und HIIC would pul her lips to tiic womans ear and whispered, tiiat cager, anxious, busy whisper that meant nothing. And when this secret communica- tion was completed, Mary added in her ordinary voice, "So you sec wc cannot help it, neither lie nor I. Oh to think he should have been born only for this, and to put every- thing wrong. Take it away, take it away," she would cry suddenly, her voice rising to a pa-cam, thrusting the poor child into the nurse's arms. And then she would draw the nurse to her and whisper nguiu, " Tell him, tell him," site said : but thc whisper was never intelligible, and thc look which thc poor old lord gave her made thc unfortunate nurse lose her head altogether. " Ob, my lord !" thc woman said, and Mary nodded her head with satisfaction as if everything was being explained. Lord Frogmore would turu away moro wretched than ever, unable to elicit a word or hardly a look which reminded him of her former self, and went downstairs to pace up und down thc library, up lind down, paying no attention to anything. Never was there a more sad house. Agnes, who remained with her sister, though Mary took no notice of her, would steal down after those dreadful interviews to comfort the poor old gentleman. "She will not speak to mc ut all," said Agnes, weeping. " She thinks 1 am a sti-augcr. I don't think she knows inc.'' " What is sho always whispcriug V suid thc old lord. "There must be something in that. The nurse ought to make out what it is. Perhaps she wants something. Perhaps wc might hud some way to work if we could bul know what that whisper was ? 1 don't think you should stund upon a point of honour, but try-try to understand whnt she says. " "Oh, dear Lord Frogmore," cried Agnes willi tears in her eyes. " It is nothing. 1 don't thbik she suys words at all." Lord Frogmore in his trouble ignored this speech. " You should not be punctilious," he said, walking nbout thc long room with short agitated steps. " It mny be a matter of life and death. You should not stand U|KUI a point of honour. You should make every effort to understand what your dear sister says." And it was by a «ort of pitifal under : standing between them tbat Agnes said no moro. Ho knew as weil ns .she aid that poor Mary's whispered communications - were unintelligible-but he would not allow it. to be said. ' He preferred to blame someone for au exaggerated point of honour in not listen j ing, not understanding. Such voluntary I miscomprehensions are among tho most ' piteous subterfuges pf despair, j It cannot be supposed that Mary's ooudition aud the sad change in thc house could bc loug ignored by Letitia whose very faculty was on I tho alert to know what, if anything, had followed her last dreadful attempt against tho unfortunate mother of the heir. Letitia was I as yet unexperienced in «hat may bu called j crime. She had never as lias been said knowingly assailed the life or reason of a fellow creature before-and she had not had any certainty that her attempt would be successful, ft was not exactly bkc a kuifc or u revolver. Letitia was very well aware tliat such ojieratiuiis as she had carried eut upon Mary would not in thc least havcaffuclcd her- self- and, therefore, she felt herself justified in ignoring tile possibility ol serious harm, liut wlivu the news was brought to her, whispered with bated breath, thal Lady Frog- more'* mind was affected, indeed that she was mad which was the succinct way of statin'' thc matter, Letitia was so much startled and horrified timi she cried-which did her great good with her husband, .lohu luid been uneasy at the vehemence of his wife's luttrell I of Mary in her new exaltation, and when he I saw ber suddenly burst into most real tears, his good heart was touched and he felt that . he hail been doing her injustice. He got up ! from his scat in his compunction and went to ¡ his wife and carressed and soothed her. j " You must go over anil inquire. Letitia," he said. And once more Letitia was so moved by genuine horror, that anxious though she was to know everything, elle held hack from doing this. " Oh, .lohu," she said, " I did perhaps say souietliiug that was too sttong when I knew what her schemings had come to. They might not like me to go." " I have always told you, Letitia, I did not think there was any scheming about it. But anyhow Frogmore would be pleased-lie would see that wc bear no malice. Of course, I felt it at thc first just os you did," said thc unconscious John. "Thc child," said Letitia, " is very delicate, too." She could not help stealing a glance at John under her eyelids to Bte whether ht would respond. " Poor people !" said John, "or rather pooi old Frogmore, ta put off so longand then have such a sail time of it. I'm very sorry for thc poor old fellow." "He had no right to do anything of the kind," Letitia cried. " Well, it was hard upon us," said John with a sigh ; "hut I've made up my mind tn it now. You had batter go ever to-morrow and ask how she is." Letitia was very cager togo to sec with her own eyes what was thc condition nf affairs, but yet it was not without difficulty that shs fiersuadcd herself to return to the house whet« 1er last visit had been so disastrous. It wa: now .September, and thc days were beginning to get short, but this time she book no bag noi bad she thc least intention of staying over thc night. An hour would bc enough, sin thought, to hear all she wanted aud see what she could. But her sense of guilt would not bc subdued as Bhe approached th house aud remembered how she bad flew away from il six weeks before, having done all the liant that it was possible to do. She had nt intention now of doinj? any hann ; oh no, no only to inquire and if practicable see for ber I self what prospect of sanity there was fat I Mary or life for her boy. When she met ii her progress up thc avenue in the fly she hui i hired ut the statien the little pathetic grouj j above described, thc nurse carrying thc iufaui { and Lord Frogmore marching melancholy al I it« side, she hurriedly stopped and sprung out j feeling that Lord Frogmore was likely to hi I more easily dealt with than Agnes, who» I feminine instincts would divine her object ! But Letitia did not find that a very gracioui j reception awaited her. Lord Frogmore lookei nut with a little irritation os thc cab drew up I Hu evidently thought a visitor ai I impcrtiucucc. When he was compelled by hi bistci-iu-law's cager and excessively alice I tiouate uccost to slop iu his walk and spca! to her, a "leam of angry light came into bi eyes. "Oil, it is you, Mrs. John !" he said I " Oil, Frogmore," cried the lady, " how i¡ Mary : I could not rest when I heard how il she was tiil I had come over to sec fo I myself . " I " I do not know," said Lord Frogmon ! stillly, " how ill you may have heard she was Ibui I dou l wonder that you should wish ti ' see for yourself. " "So: cnn you wonder? Wc have boot like sisters almost all our liv< s." Though Letitia quaked at thc oVd lord' tone, she felt that it was thc wisest way ti ignore all offence. I " Sisters, if ull tales arc true, are uotulwny i thc best of friends," said Lot«! Frogmore '"Familiarity interferes with thc natura I bouiuls of good breedine;. 1 think, Mrs. John i that 1 musí ask you uot togo any further-o . at least not to insist on seekig Lady Frog j more. " "Is she so very had?" said Letitia in i i thrilling whisper. j " Xn," he said willi Irritation. " I did uo I say she was very had. I said I could no I admit visitors who-perhaps might forge what is due to n delicate und sensitiv woman.'' "X dill not know," said Letitia with an injured air, "that I waa BO little worthy of confidence. I am very sorry that .Mary is so ill; so is Jehu. Wu both felt wc could not rest without knowing persnually how much or how little of what we near is true." "And what do you hear?" Lord'. Frog- more though he felt it his duty to defend his wife, was not willingly ungracious, and felt it of all doings in the world the most difficult to shut his door in anyone's face. His courage failed him when Letitia put forth sn reason- able ii plea "Oil, Frogmore," said Mrs. John, "what is the use sf iiuestiouing and cross- question- ing: Tell me ¡tow dear Mary ÍB : that is all I want to know." He was shaken in hiv resolution, but still tried lo be stern. "What did you say lo her," he asked, "thc last time you were here ?" " What did I say to her ? Oh, a hundred things : and she to nie. Wc talked of how wonderful it was, and how much may come from thc smallest event ; that if I hud not one day met ber in the .Academy, and asked her to come und stay with me, you might never have met her, timi all that has happened would never have been. That was thc last thing wc talked of. IB it supposed it did any liiirni that talk between Mary ami mc ? Oil, Loni Frogmore people must he malignant indeed if they can lind any harm in that." " 1 don't know that lhere was any llano in it. ll depends upon how a thing is said, whether there is harm in it or not." "I kuow," said Letitia, "that I have enemies in this house. 1 know Mrs. Hill and Agnes. Oh, Agnus is spiteful ! She never wishes to see Mnry with nie, She thinks I put her jigniust thom ; ns if I would ever interfere brtwecn a woman and her own family. Hut, Frogmore, you know what women are. They arc jealous ; they are spiteful ; they never lese all opportunity to whisper ugaiust une that has done better than themselves. I know very well what it is thal turns you against inc. lt is Agnes Hill that has put things into your head." " No," he sa iii, but doubtfully feeling that tn think nu badly of his brothel's wife was very inconvenient, and ihnt perhaps lifter all it Mas Agues who lind put it into his head: she hail not said much, but it might bc she who hud suggested it, for it was according to ull the tunéis with which he was uc(]Uuintcd thal n woman should be spiteful, as Letitia said. He hesitated n great denlas t« what hu should dn ; whether hu should hold by his first resolution to allow Letitia to conic no further ; or whether it might perhaps bu un awakening thing for Mury to see her. Letitia followed' lilm with soft and noiseless step while he pursued this thought, und then she said suddenly, es if she could contain herself no longer, "Surely, nt least, there can lie no reason why I should not see the dear child." She took thc hally out of thc nurse's arms ns she spoke, and deftly, with practised hands, folded down thc coverings in which it was wrapped. Thc mother ol five children knew; how to handle with ease and mattery, which made the old lord wonder and tremble, the little fragile new-born bab}-, wMoh to hihi n us au objeot BO wonderful. " If I were yan, "said Letitia to the muse, *? T would not have thc child covered up so. The air will do Iiiin nothing but good. Throw ott ?ill your shawls, and let him breathe tue good air, I am «ure bbs mother would say so if »lie were herc." Letitia, nt lenst in that action, mcaul u<. harm to the child. She said it as she would I have done to any ignorant cottager who half ! smothered ber liuhy to keep it fi-juiij cold. Hut while she held thc infant in her ai ms, and put dmvn her cheek upon its little dark, downy head, an impulse that was horrible came over her. Oh, the little iutcrloprr : the child so undesired, so unnecessary--who hud taken her children's iuhcritanco from them ! To think that a little pressure more than usual, a little more close folding of thc shawls, and it would stand in Duke's way no more. The thought made her stiaiu towards her with a sudden throb of almost savage excitement the little helpless atom, « lui could never tell any tale. ( To h'i confuí »ft. ) 