OUR SYDNEY LETTER. From Oun Correspondent.! SYDNEY. TinntflDAY.' . Tlio political crisis occasioned by thu introduction of a protectionist tariff by thu Bibbs tioverniucnt has not given rise to tho excitement its promoters hoped for. The speech of tlio leader of tlio Onnosi- lion, Mr. O. II. Itoid, a barrister, Was a strong ad miaericordiam appeal to tho jury— tho jury iu this case boing the third, or labor party -In the House. Tho appeal was based chiefly on the sup position that tho labor membors had agreed to sink tho fiscal issue all through tho present Parliamont, and to doal only with measures of a general character. Mr. Roid nppoarod to bo vory hopeful of success until by an unfortunate roforonco ho fell foul of Sir llenry Parkes, the little scono between tho. two great champions of free trade boing of the most humiliating character. Tho Interjection by Sir Ilonry Parkes tluit ho would do what Mr. lteid had nover done in his lifo, "Go straight" was productive of great amusement, occasioning, as It did, tlio retort that when tho statement was rend next mornhighy a "mil lion of pooplo " it would'simply produce " a roar of laughter." Tho speech of Mr. M'Mlllan did not in any way touch upon the tariff, tho ox-Treasurer, confining himself to a dcfcnco of his administration of tho Treasury. Mr. M'Mlllan candidly admitted that his speech wns out of place on the proposition before thu House, and should havo been dolivored In commlttoo of ways end moans on the Treasurer's proposals. Sir Henry Parkos on two occasions proclaimed that tho door of his political lifo was closed for over. - When his last Ministry rosigneil and made way for Mr. Dibbs aiid his colleagues, ho refused tho offico of leader of tho Opposition on tlio ground of UMioalth and n desire for retirement. There Is a strong belief existing that he did not expect that the "arch enemy of federation," Mr. George Roid, would be chosen, bir Ifonry, however, appears to have gained In hoalth, and like tlio fox afield, bos stolen away to Kiauin, to open a campaign on his own account/ Kiama is an historical Bpot In tho political lifo of Sir Henry Parkes, that being tlio town where on a former occasion lie raisod a "ghost," which has haunted him over shico. When Sir Henry Parkes a few weeks ago contoinplatod " closing the door of his political lifo for over" for the third time, ho announced that he would take into consultation Bomo of tho chief porsoimgos in his qwn constituency, St. Leonards, but Instead of doing his constituency that honor he wont to Kiama to ro-open tho door. Tho addross delivered by Sir Henry has astonished even the newspaper press which has so long sup- ported him, "An envious old man" being the upithot hurled at him by one journal. It will bo remembered that during the recent elections conse quent on Mr. Dibbs and his colleagues accopting office, tlio Attorney- General ontorcd fully into his position as a federatlonist, and announced that. Sir llenry Parkes, who claims to bo tho father of tho movovnont, had named him as hit successor, as tho one man able to guide the federation movement to a successful issuo, Though Mr. Barton, mado federa tion One 'o'f the chief planks of his platform, and liiado no secret of the fact that ho wns tlio successor of tho aged politician in that particular, Sir llenry Pflrkc took no exception to thocstntement until ho made his duhvorance at tho little southern seAporfc neatly two .months aftorwards. Bis open quarrel with Mr. Roid during tho early stage of. tho so called no coulldonco debate, and tho unblushing manner In which lie assailed the labor party after having pamlorod to it and wrecked his Ministry in endoavoring to plncitto It, shows tho bent of the old man's mind. Irritated at the loss of political power, mid at boihg allowed to quietly rotiro into tho position of "simply a private member" without a flourish of trumpets, deserted by all Ids old associates, Mr. M'Mfllau alono excepted, the old man finds tho " door of his political life" U practically " doped for ever," and is unable to conceal his chagrin thereat. Tho protectionist section of tho labor party is anxious to give a loyal support to tlio proposals of the Government, while tho free trade section main tains that the hybrid tariff which has existed so many years should ho continued until n plebiscite should be taken. The great trouble, howovor, exlstt in the uncertainty as to the course the Govern lhous will pursue in tlio ovent of defeat. The taking of tho local option vote In Now South Vales looks more or lass farcical. At tho recent municipal elections in Sydney little Interest was taken in wards where thoro was no aldermanic contest, in tho others about one-third of tho votors mado inquiry as to the local option voto. In flourko ward, uncontostcd, tlio voting was:— For new Jfconcos, 13 ; against 24 ; for removals, 15 ; against 22\. Macqiiario ward Sew licences : For, 7 against, 16 ; for removals, 7 ; against, 14. Phillip ward : For now licences, 8 ; against, 15 ; for re movals, 8; against, 16. The local option party in the House intend pushing forward, at tho first opportunity, a more comprehensive measure, tho basis of voiing boing upou thu Parliamentary rolls of the colony. 