WOMAN A QUEEN REGNANT. BY REV. J. C. IVIRIIY. On December 14th, the Rev. J.C. Kirby, at the Port Adelaide Congregational Church, took as the topic of his discourse in the evening, " Woman created and xedeemed to be a Queen-Regnant." His remarks were founded on Genesis i. 26 to 28 inclusive. The preacher observed, It was not God who gave to the first mother the name of Ere. That was the name of endearment which the first father gave to his wife to signalize her entrance upon the greatfunction of motherhood. The name which God gave the woman was the name Adam, as can be Eeen from Gen. v. 2—" Male and female created He them, and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were crcated." To use modern phraseology, the name Adam was properly a surname, to which the woman had a right, given her of God. I doubt not that God gave His daughter that name, so that the first man (his son) might not think Himself essentially superior to the woman, whom God gave him for a help-meet, but might learn her essential equality with himself. TUB QUESTION. The question now being discussed is " What was the status or position of the woman by reference to the man when they first came forth from the hand of her Creator ? Was she at creation before the Fall and loss of Eden an equal, an inferior, or a superior? Did God create the woman as a toy for the man to play with, or as a slave to sacrifice all the brightness and beauty of life in order that men might lord it over their sisters in comfort and laziness—or as a coequal in dignity and duty ? PROPOSITION MAINTAINED. The Bible teaches that the woman was made by her Heavenly Father in order that she might be the absolute equal of the man, and that whatsoever subjection of women to men there has been in the course of human history has come about as the result of transgression. The watchword of God's creation as it came forth from His hand was equality of rank on the part of the man and the woman. The wretched subjection of woman to man which has filled the ages with sorrow hps come about through Satan and through sin. He who pleads that the Bible teaches the inferiority of woman does not make right use of the divine Sciiptures. MAN* TO BE A KING AND WOMAN" A QUELIN. The Triune God did not create the man to be a slave or a drudge, or to occupy inferior position. God had great thoughts and precious concerning the man. He designed the man to be of highest rank ; He made him to be a king. Thus ran the decree of the Inhabitant of Eternity—" Let them have dominion." God gare to the man a real authority over the fish of the sea, the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth.") A queen- consort is a lady who has royal dignity and a certain royal precedence, but has no royal power, and is in reality a subject, though a subject of high degree. A queen-regnant is not a subject, but a sovereign, and if, as in the case of William III. and Mary, there be at one] and the same time a king and a queen-regnant together, then the queen is coequal with the king, and the government is to be administered in the joint names of the king and the queen, Now, when we examine that great charter and deed of gift recorded in first Genesis, in which God bestowed the kingdom of the earth upon the man, and so made the man a king, we find that he made the woman to be not merely a queen- consort, but a queen-regnant. Earth is a kingdom entrusted to the coequal and joint dominion and responsibility of the man and the woman. " Male and female created He them. And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue it, and have dominion," etc. This scripture clearly gives coequal and joint dominion and responsibility to the man and the woman, EO that by right divine woman is the queen-regnant of the earth. Let it be noted 1 Not by two different grants, but^by one and the self same grant God gave the dominion to the man and the woman. The man lias no better place in that charter than the woman. The right of the man to the kingship of the earth is based upon the same ground as the woman's. Does he overthrow the right of the woman V By the same act he destroys his own. In the ideal and original order and constitution of humanity and the world, according to the Bible, we see that God never intended that men should do all the governing, and have all the dominion. God knew what all the histories of all the nations, countries, and generations during the past so clearly evince, that government by males only would be a grotesque, horrible, cruel failure. History proves that the male man left to himself cannot maintain social justice, health, order, or comfort. God never made the man alone responsible for all the governing, but through his depraved folly he has assumed a responsibility, for which he is not equal, and has refused the aid of woman, his help-meet. Male suffrage only is contrary to the root doctrine of the Bible with reference to earthly dominion, and contrary to the reason of the case. Reason demands that the feminine element ahould find equal place with the male in the dominion of a race which is made in equal proportion of the male and the female. Female suffrage only is also contrary to the Bible. Combined suffrage —that is, combined dominion—is the doctrine of God. This is the word of the eternal—" Let them (that is, the male and the female) let them have dominion." WOMAN MADE IN THE IMAGE OF GOD. The essential majesty of the man is that he is made in the image of God. God is the Eternal Reason. The man has all the limbs and parts which make up reason —perception, memory, imagination, judgment. God is the eternal and perfect Conscience, perceiving the difference between the light and the wrong, the just and the unjust, and recognizing the honour and merit cf righteousness, and the dishonour and demerit of unrighteousness. The man also has a moral nature, a conscience which more or less images the conscience of the Holy One, who inhabits eternity. God loves and hates, feels pain and pleasure, is pleased and displeased —so also dees the man. But it is manifest that the woman also possesses reason, and cousciencc, and emotion.whcrefore she also with the man is in the image of God. As the man is the son, so the woman is by creation the daughter of the Lord God Almighty. That the woman was created in the image of God is the clear doctrine of Genesis i. 23—" God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion." By comparing with verses 27 and 28 we see that the dominion was given into the joint hands of the male and the female. But as those who have dominion are made in the divine image, it is evidently taught that the woman is made in the image of God for Bhe has dominion. Wherefore the woman is not made after a secondary pattern, but after the likeness of the highest ideal reality, even after thelikeneas of that Glorious Being who is Love. INFERENCES. The rational ground of the man's dominion over the eartli and himself is his creation in the divine image, but as the woman is created in the same image there is for her the same rational ground of dominion as for the man. The divine image in her warrants the dignity, the right, and fitness of the woman as the queenregnant of the earth, coequal with the man as the kingregnant. The denial of the rights of the woman to co-equal dominion is a dishonour to the divine image which God has implanted in His daughter. When men express the opinion that women ought not to share in ruling, that is, to sh^re in dominion, these persons presumptuously dare to hold and express an opinion in express opposition to the expressed will of God. God said Let them (the male and the female) have dominion. Rebellious men rise against their Maker, and say. No 1 women shall have no share of dominion. To deny woman a full half share in the dominion of the world is not simply denying her rights. What is of more importance, it disables her from doing the duty the Lord her God has laid upon her shoulders. She is jointly responsible with the man for the government of the world, and ought not therefore to be hindered by denial of the needed franchise. Moreover, their loyalty and obedience to God makes it needful that the women should demand and never rest, or let the men rest, till they obtain the suffrage, and then use that suffrage in the active dominion of the world. DIFFERENCE OF MENTAL BALANCE. It is objected—the woman is differently balanced and proportioned in mental constitution to the man. Exactly so ; she has more emotion, her life is more a life of affections. There is a deep difference as well as likeness between the man and the woman. I believe that difference will remain for ever, and that theredeemed men and women will form two distinct kinds of saints forever in the kingdom of the perfect. The woman is in the image of God, and expresses some elements of God's nature and disposition better than the man—even as in some thiugs the man is a a fuller image of God than the woman. So rich and full is the being of Goi, that it takes the woman and the man in all the various richness of their natures to image the blessed, the glorious, the triune God. The God set forth in the Bible is set forth as Father, as Son, as Holy Ghost, three as regards distinctness of the persons, but one as regards the substance. When we contemplate God as the Spirit we see an element of motherhood in the heart and in the operation of the Living God. In Genesis we are told the Spirit moved upon the face of the waters. Or as the margin of the Revised Version pats it, "was brooding." That is as the mother bird broods over the nest, and by her vital heat quickens the egg. So did the eternal spirit in tender love brood over the waters to quicken into life the germs of being placed therein by the Father. At creation there was a great mothering by the Spirit of God. Said the Lord Jesus to Nicodemus. when he asked, Can a man enter a second time into his mother's womb, and be born ? " " Except a man be born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God." A second birth of water, that is, of the human mother, is vain; we must have a divine mothering by the Spirit of God if we would be numbered with the Saints in glory everlasting. A double mothering is needed for those who would attain the kingdom everlasting—tho first mothering human, the second divine. Just as the mother helps our infirmities when children, so does the Holy Ghost help the infirmities of the children of God, and fulfils to them all duties of motherhood while they aTe here below. Ward Beecher has a singularly beautiful and powerful sermon, in which he speaks of the mother-love and the mother's heart as a most living powerful and holy image of God in the tenderness, patience, humility and service of his love. Who does not see the mothering love in the pathetic words of Christ on Olivet—" How oft would I have gathered you as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings." Now, the supreme glory of the woman is motherhood, and in the fulness of a pure strong mother-love, she rises to her highest perfection. But the whole trend of her nature is toward motherhood ; she is moved thereto by a deep divine instinct, for in all ages, races, and lands, the little girl has loved to possess and nurse the doll. In her mother love and mothering activity there is in the woman, in a special and marked degree, the image of the mother-love of God as the Holy Ghost. Aye 1 it takes bcth the man and the woman in the peculiarities as well as the perfection of their forms of love to image that glorious and triune God, who out of manifold and rich love created, develops, maintains, and will perfect the universe. Wherefore the difference of her mental proportion ana balance, because thereby she specially images some of the lichcst and 6\veetest elements in the disposition and work of God, is not a reason against, but a reason for the woman being queen, regnant coequal with man in the dominion of the world. For this she was created. ST. PAUL'S DOCTRINE IN EPHESIANS. The doctrine of joint and coequal dominion to some at first may not seem to agree with what Paul says in Ephes. v,—"Wives submit yourselves unto your own husbands as unto the Lord. Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything." It is to be observed that St. Paul expected people to use a little common sense, and to bear in mind the context when fixing attention on any particular sentence in his writings. When he aavs, for example, that a wife is to submit to her own husband in everything. He plainly means she is to submit in all those matters which properly belong to the marriage relation. Paul did not mean that a wife is to submit her conscience or her religion to the husband. These belong to God only. The wife is to render to the husband the things that are the husband's, and to God the things that are God's. The Apostle is not dealing with all women, but only with that large class the married woman. He is not laying do*vn a doctrine about the general relation of all womanhood to all manhood. For he is speaking only of married women as to their duty in the married relation. It would be ridiculous to say because wives are to submit to their husbauds, all womanhood is inferior to all manhood. It is well to notice verse 21 of Ephes. v. if we want a fair estimate of the Apostle's doctrine of submission —" Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. Now this injunction applies as much to the husband 8S to the wife. The man is to submit to the wife and the wife to the man, that is, there is to be mutual submission, or, in every-day language, " give and take " on both sides. And this is true whether the injunction be general to Christians in all relations, or be regarded as specially bound up in Paul's doctrine of marriage. But we will suppose what we do not grant, that the wife is a surbordinate and not an equal in the marriage contract according to Paul. It is preposterous nonsense to argue because a woman ia surbordinate according to the terms of a certain contract in some things, that, therefore, she loses her God-given right to a share in the dominion of the earth. Some males enter into the employment of women as servants, and contract themselves in certain things to be under the authority of those women, but these males do not on that account forfeit the suffrage or lose their God-given right to share in the dominion of the world. Neither should they. On the same principle because in certain things a woman puts herself under the authority of a husband she ought not to lose, and cannot be righteously deprived of her divine right to share the dominion of the world. THE WHOLE DOCTRINE OF PAUL ON MARRIAGE. To see what Paul really teaches about the woman, let us notice what he says about the husbands and their dutief. Husbands love your wives, even as Christ loved the church, and gave Himself for it. . . that He might present it to Himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing." The husband is the head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the Church. How does Christ treat His Church? Does Christ degrade the Church to a low and servile position ? No, exactly the opposite. For the effort, aim and suffering of Christ were directed to lifting up the Church out of the miry clay to the very highest level that He might make the Church glorious and equal to Himself. This is the method of Christ—"He who wag rich for our sakes became poor that we through hiB poverty might become rich." Husbands are to behave like this to their wives, EE-ys Paul. "He who thought it not robbery to be equal with God took upon himself the form of a servant, and became obedient, that he might redeem us to God, and that we might be kings and priests, and reign forever and ever." That is, Christ went to extreme humiliations, denials, and selfsurrenders, in order to lift his people into kingship and eternal dominion. Husbands are to make efforts on the same liDes for the elevation of their wives, according to Paul. The Lord Jesus has firmly resolved to bring His people into equality with Himself. " When He shall appear, we shall be like Him." Why, He will even change this vile body that it may be made like unto His glorious body. If then the husband acts to the wife as Christ to the Church, he will seek to elevate her to all the powers and privileges he himself possesses. Chriit has made His people heirs of God, and joint heirs with Himself. So also should the man make the woman joint heir with Himself in the rich and wondrous kingdom of the earth. When then as spiritual persons we search into the doctrine of Paul, we find that in its real meaning Paul'! doctrine agrees with the original decree at creation— " Male and female created He them and let them have dominion." Paul believed, and in wisest fashion taught that woman is redeemed to be a queen-rsgnant. INCARNATION. The Son of God was made of a woman, nursed by a woman, and when we search into the most tremendous fact in the history of the created universe, and in the whole life of God, that is the Incarnation, we see that one of its grand intents is the rescue of woman, God's dear daughter, from the misery and tyranny of ages, and making her queen-regnant on the earth. For the husband is to love the wife after the fashion and pattern with which Christ loved the Church. The movement to give the woman equal education, equal pay for equally good work, equal laws, equal rights, equal hours at labour with the man: this great movement of the latter half of the nineteenth century accords with the fundamental principles of the Old and of the New Testament. It but seeks to carry out the intents at once of creation and redemption. The cry of the Old and New Testament concerning the women and the men is, Let them conjointly have dominion. LET BOTH PREPARE TO EXERCISE DOMINION.^ The exercise of power or dominion is a deep delight to God. His dominion is from everlasting to everlasting. Male and female humanity made in the image of God have the instinctive desire for dominion and authority. At the end of this world's history, God will satisfy in His redeemed this spiritual instinct. Thus says the King—" Come ye blessed of my Father, enter into the kingdom prepared for you." Sons and daughters of God prepare yourselves to enjoy that eternal kingship and queenship for which you were created and redeemed. Or, rather, in repentance from sin, in faith and obedience yield to the teachings, influence and spirit of Christ, that BO the Lord Jesus may make you ready for the kingdom and the crown. At the beginning God said "Let them hare dominion "—but through sin both men and women became the bondspeople of sin and Satan. Christ came and redeemed His people to God by His blood shed m propitiation for human sin that they may reign as kings and priests for ever, Thus through Christ with eternal effect both for the redeemed women and the redeemed men there will reverberate that mighty decree of the Creator, " Let them have dominion." We have received the January cumber of Our Herald, the monthly journal of the Adelaide Y.M.C.A., which is well printed on good paper, with handsome tinted cover. There are several contributed articles on suitable topics, the leading one, entitled, A Year of Life, being written by the Rev. E. J. Henderson. There are several letters from the young missionaries en route for China, who, on writing, had reached Port Darwin. They are well, and with the rest of the Australian contingent, are busy studying the Chinese language. The record of the past month indicates that all branches of Y.M.C,A. are being rigorously prosecuted. Those meetings which appear to be the most successful are the Saturday night prayer meeting, and the Sunday and Monday bible classes. Good work is also being done at the Theatre Royal on Sunday evenings, and by the open air services and the Rescue Band. Quite a revival is proceeding in connection with the Association. The Association expects the arrival to-day of Mr. W. Hind Smith, the Organizing Secretary of the Y.M.C.A.'s of Great Britain, who, as a successful Y.M.C.A. worker, stands next to Mr. Geo. Williams, of Exeter Hall fame. Mr. Smith is on aboliday, but will visit all the Associations in Australia. He will remain in Adelaide a week or ten days, and will take part in meetinge, of which notice will be given. It will be seen by an advertisement elsewhere that Mr. R. H. Gault, of the well known bric-a-brac emporium in Rundle Street, has just opened a quantity of unique curios direct from Japan, including a large number of rare and curious articles new to Adelaide together with goods suitable to the season, made specially to Mr. Gault's order. We can recommend those in search of wedding presents or house decoration to visit this establishment. 