BIELBOVEKE ECHOES By" Tklepdokhs." November 7th 1891. It the deal vote ever passes at all. Mr. L. ; L. Smith's form of it which would give any ratepayers one vote in that capacity and one under the manhood suffrage roll will un doubtedly be the form chosen. As to the " Argns" idea that a second vote Bhouid be given to freeholders only it baa not the ghost of a chance. The very men who now possesses the plural vote, the citizens of Melbourne would be the greatest sufferers by it. In any case it really seems as if the dual vote would increase the power of tha working class voters since the small free holders outnumber the big ones and more over are very jealous of the exuetions and airs of their richer neighbors. It is a great mistake t" put all the manhood suffrage voters down as swagmen and tramps as the " Argus'' does. Two of the highest and best card of railway officials have only the man hood suffrage vote and so have numbers of highly respectable people. All the world is talking of the in and out racing at Flemington and very ugly stories are told concerning the horses who won and rbe horses who did not. One prominent favourite who stood high in the beltiug for a principal race, war, it is openly said, bought over for £15.000, and another was com fortably pulled op a hundred yarda from the rej-ning post. The jockey said he could not win, but the hackers aver that he wa« then ahead of everything. Tha backers generally lost all round and it really doe6 look as though the bookmakers, trainers, and owners between them were so much too strong for the public that the latter may not impossibly give np the unequal contest. The immense popularity of the sweeps is due to the fact that in them you have at least a ten thousand to one chance of something, whereas in etraightout betting you are not considered to pave no chance at all. With the single exception of the Princess, Melbourne theatres are absolutely losing fortunes. The principal singers at the Italian Opera have had to accept half . salaries with remainder later on. The i artists have been taking benefits which are of eo little use to them, that one unhappy wight had to hand up £2 to make up the expenses for which he was liable. The Bijou and Opera House are more than half empty, and -.SB Theatre Royal worst of all. George Rigncld with his clever brother, and no less clever wife, have been playing in " Lights o' London" to empty benches. There is no pbauce of better days befo;e Christmas, and the managers are absolutely deperate. 