gabies' (Eoiumn. j ADELAIDE OOSSII'. ! Adelaide, •••I ! My c'^r r Klliuor -Tin ro is wry Utl'i • ..L-t.d j mws about, but 1 must do the In-.si V.I;'J wh it j I'novo tot u and tho party on Saturday. Tiirt j holiday was not a pleasant or.e in tow n ; it was inti-ntciy hut and tkwc, and SOUR" uf my j friends who welit to thii country found it. very j trying even there. In the owning Mr. ; biiBKeile ojK-iicd at tne Tim n Hall; ho came , with a very pood repurr. fro:ii Mfl!mirn», STVI I must (-AY thai f<IR oi ;-< 1 WHS nut DI-.M>I> •I.-;T'-; as his entertainmi-iit is ::on I, lively, aiti'i^intf, and pretty. Teihiiiis iliw best pirt i>f thj affair arc tho yarns, but ymi need to l>u fairly close to him to hear them to purfertiLin. About the dissolving views there can bi» but ono opinion; they are tha best w« have ever seen here, and there is s;i--h a variety of aubjiets that every one can liave his or her choice of favourites. The Fnglish views are perfect, and, for myself, I much liked some of the children in the statuary. The views from local photos, such as (liffen and the pretty turrotted home of the Governor, were cleverly shown. I never heard so much made out of the bassoon before. Ii is an instrument which in itself had something of the comic element, aud the imperturbable gravity of Mr. Philip Langdale adds greatly to the effect of his clever solos. I think onr Melbourne cousins showed their sense when tbey said this wa3 ono of the most novel entertainments ever introduced here, and I hope Mr. Snazelle may coino back some day and give us some more views and yarns. s Strawberry f'Hi ~ for charitable institutions are now the order of tho day. The weather is getting hot ; but from long experience folk have found that thev can do snch .a pood trade in strawberries and cream with very little trouble that they often wait for November instead of having their sales during the spring. 1 However, the very successful one i;i aid of the : Samaritan Fund of the Adelaide Hospital was : favoured m respect of the wtfalber, ai Thursday and Friday were lovely and fresli. i The sale was held at Gilbertou this year, instead of at College Town, by kind invitation of Mrs. Walter Duncan, who, with a largo number of friends, had been working for some t time, and the results must hate deliifhted I theui; they had pretty things, a good attendance, and a- capital balanoe-sh'-et. ; Contrary to tLa usual custom of having a sale in a tent or garden it w.-w he!d in the bouse-, and there can IK' no j doubt the work looked much better in conso- I quence. There was a profusion of fine sewing, j a great number of linen teacloths, much covered ; with fine white embroidery, and also worked in colours, a great many handsome cushions, [ . and some very well painted articles, such as milking stools, and some beautiful blotters and frames. Tho rooms were quite crowded, and by the evening of the first day there was a noticeable clearance, especially of tho needle- work. Amongst the more uncommon and hsndsome articles were some wall hangings of the richest white brocade: one was worked and trade up with white silk lining, the other was to be worked by the buyer; in the first case the detached flowers of the pattern were worked in coloured silks, in the other only the , running parts of the pattern were to be worked, leaving theflowersall white in the centre: these were both new and beautiful. There were the usual pot plants and produce, excellent tea and refreshments, &c.; The Countess of Kintore opened tfcte sale, and expressed -herself much pleased with the work, of which, as you know, Bhe is a very f,ood judge. To-morrow will be the fete at the Home for Incurables, as well as one at Burnside. I hope they will not clash with the English Cricket Match. There iB a good deal of interest felt in this, as we all know how kind Lord Sheffield has been to our men when they have gone home, and he and his friends are already very popular in Adelaide, so I hope they will have a good crowd for their matches. 1 think the great su r -i/<;s3 of our men in their late match with Victoria has wakened the public interest in that most delightful ffame, dear old cricket. The great event of the week has l>-en of course the Government House garden party. Was it not hot, you asked'' Well, U certainly was, but 1 for ono think a little sun and thin dresses mako a rather suitable mixture for a garden party in Australia, especially with ices and strawberries and cream thrown in. As far as thin drosses were concerncd, at one part of the afternoon, standing near the edge of the lawn, I said to Alice that I thought instead of the hackneyed name of garden party the Countess of Kin tore had given a "muslin show," so many were there in those delightfully fresh-looking frocks. There were a great many other dresse-s thereof course, but I think the muslins were the feature of the day ; but be disappointed again, I am not going to describe any of them in particular, The general effect of them was so similar that it would be absurd to pick out any i«rticular one for notice. They were generally large-patterned, mostly made with very full, plain skirts, trimmed with i>iuy frills, and many with coat bodices trimmed with a great number and variety of frills of muslin and lace. I may remark en /xr-?mr»f I think, that, given a green lawn likw that on Saturday, even those who aro the wannest advocates of short dresses, on the general ccore of cleanliness and utility, must admit that the short trains added immeasurably to the effect of the grouping of the people. To begin at the beginning, there was some little grumbling at the arrangements for entrance ; as a rule cards of invitation, when required to be presented (and that there was a good reason for demanding them I have no doubt) are banded to a member of the staff, and if it was found more convenient for the servants to take them at the entrance I think it was a pity the gates were not opened more punctually. A large uumber of people only walk through on these occasions, and like to be early, ana under any circumstances it is not p'easant to wait in a broiling sun like that on Saturday for ten minutes after the hour named on the card for the gates to be unlocked. I heard it rather irreverently remarked that it was indeed a narrow gate whereby to enter into the charming abode behind the bars. We were received in a very shady part of the grounds in front of the main entrance, and then passed on to the large lawn, where every ono made for the shelter of the trellis and trees, until a little later a delightful breeze most obligingly made its appearanoe, and every one strolled about and made for the refreshment tent with their inviting mixtures. I do not think there were as many present as there usually are at a laige crush, but so many people are •till in Melbourne, and so many more have been ill themselves or are still nursing their friends, that it would account for a good many well-known absentees. There was a large attendance of the men of the families, especially of the older branches, many of the young ones have tennis and cricket engagements of months' standing which they are obliged by the rules of their Clubs to keep, despite the attraction offered by an invitation. Now for a few of tho dresses. I particularly admired Mis. Walter Duncan's eminently becoming gown, a green figured material, trimmed with lace, and a charming pink rosebud bonnet. The Countess wore the pretty cream and gold silk wc heard of at the Melbourne Cup. Miss Pcteiffer was in heliotrope, and the Lidiea Keith-Falconer in very fine whita muslin with blue Eashes. The white dresses were as usual very good, the lovely old-fashioii«-d pin spot mutlins being c-specialty admired. Of these I liked best th« Misses Crawfords' pretty frocks, made very full in the skirt, with drapings of fine white lace and ribbon and tiny frills ruund the bottom. All-white hats and sunshades completed there fresh and cool dresses. I greatly liked tha dressing of two ladies who were strangers to me; ono wore pink with no relieving colour, hac covered with pink roses, and sunshade to match, and the other a pin-spot muslin over palo yellow. Amongst the other noticeable wetl carried out dresses was ono of cream batiste of a dark shade, with drapery and epaulettes of Law to match ; while broad eashes o£ brown ribbon erased the. front, hat and parasol to match. Lady Downer wore a latge-pitterned gown trimmed with darker ribbons. For special mention I must take Miss IJelle Mann, who wore pink trimmed with flounces, and hip draix-ry of deep line-patterned black lace, and a black and pink hat with velvet strings, which I thought the prettiest there. Amongst tho thicker dresses I likod Mrs. Herbert Phillipps's well-cut gown, made with long coat trimmed with bands of fine Indianlooking embroidery, and Mrs. S. Wills's, a light coloured material, with dark vieux rose | sleeves, and a quaint hat with narrow strings. • Mrs. Poj>e had a beautiful white gown, a mais of thick white embroidery, and whit* bonnet. : Mrs. Pendleton wore white silk with iiffht go'd triniminp-S and a pretty chiffon hat also trimmed with gold. I wa< rather disappointed in the sunshade show : there were n"t many of the most elabnr.ile ones which I have been admiring (and unv,'<;- ing, I fear) in the shops. Mr*, it. C'jlh..•< was very effective, with deep chiffon frills an-1 pink lining. Many peopl" did not admi--- Horal narascl of green silk, with sprays r-f white floweis ar.d asparagus fern hamriug, and also c.n the handle, but I thousrht it looked my well on a full-dress occasion like this; the'ludV who carried it wore a perfectly fitting pie«.n »dk irown. By-th'-wav, the muslin parasol-, covered to inateh the fnn'c- looircd very wcil, and sc>ein [>opu!»r. L;vdy I'.cty wore biue-and whit - u:us!in, whilst Miss Downer kufced will in crean.> with pretty black hac covered v.ith b'llti-tc; ps. -. , They f:;y ;hat » vt-.-j tiling comes to him who waiti". and «Uli -in.-: philosophical aduge did I e-aliu nisnj-M n ut tpit-it on Tuesday at tho cpeni::K 1 luc Studt r.ts' Kxhibition at the School of Design. There had been a great mam iu 1 . i! aKoiif- and the result was a groat C-J I;ali ; tho looms aud entrances were very well dc or;,ied uith any number of ]X>t> (iJatitH and artistic, dmpings of green liberty ; this will add to the effect of the rooms on an off day, but it also added to tho difficulty of getting clube to the exhibits; even the Ouvernir.int Ilouie party ft und it took thom some lime to Kct roimd the paintings, aud m;;ny i. hft before tlir- teedlework room wa=; i:;.rr.td. but I was not to be beatoa, and I think in ll;n end I saw most of what there was to be seen, and a very po< d show it is. Iu tho Every-Day Club divi- , Moll I was surprised at the number as well as : at the excellence of the exhibits. The great point of our Artists' Show seemed to me their vrry good colouring and a general choice of effective subjects. I liked thorn nearly all, but of course one must have favourites; you may like to hear of some of these. The first prize, " Tranquil Autumn," by Miss M. A. Overbury, will bo liked by alL It represents a broken-down shanty on a steep hillside ; this bill is thickly woeded, and in tho distance are some liilU v l.ich lookc-d to mo like the ri.se-s above Yaukalil la and Rapid I5ay. The colouring is so soft and withal varied that I was not surprised at its meeting with favour in the Judges' eyes. Then I was greatly taken with three dclieiuus panels by Miss 1]. Amand Wright, Miss Hope, and Mrs. Bragg. One of pomegranates just bursting open, tiie second Japanese quince (ono of the prettiest things j there, such an exquisite shade of Rreen for fruit and leaves), and a long panel of beautiful panties. Tho next which struck my eye was a i most truthful picture of Henley Beach by Mrs. Creswell, anil a little gem by the same artist, "The Port Kivt-r." Then i stayed my steps by Miss Fiveasli's daffodils, and the oranges and loquats of "Fruit" by C. I?. Whillas. Miss Armstrong's roses and Miss Daw's pop- . pies are iu a corner, but well repay a visit. | There was one dear little picture 1 coveted, "Thumb Sketch, Hallett's Cove," by Miss H'ilton; and last, but not least, of the landse-spes were Mrs. Braeg's very successful •"Port Willunga" ar.d "Paddling." of which I preferred the former, though the Judges elected for a prize the one with the pre-tty figure in the foreground ; but it would be a sad dav for artists when every one wanted the j saine pictures, would it not 1 1 feel that MM K. Amand-Wright's jjortraits, "Maude" and ' Daffodil," deserve a paragraph to themselves, As a rule one needs to be rather strong minded to sit to a friend for oneV portrait, but in this case the likerew.; aiu excellent and tho colouring is soft aid effective. 1 hoi>o 1 may see some more freni the same brush. By the way, when at last, as yon will hear, 1 did get to the needlework, 1 found some tiny gems by MissM. Hambridge in a comer o: the room; the child clinging to its mother in alarm seems to be particularly lifelike. A dear little figure subject, "A Waif," bv Miss Meek, must finish my list, though there were many others to enjoy. By the time I arrived thus far in 'my journey in gs the room with needlework had been opened, and I finally got in, bilt though the things looked very fresh and nice it struok me there was a great- falling-off in the number of exhibits. Last year, at Government House, there must have been three or four times as many articles. ] 1 hope that this does not mean that there is I not such a large demand for artwork. What made me fancy this was that many people were remarking on the low prices marked on the pretty things, which could have hardly proved very remunerative to the Society and its workers; but there would probably be ' Bomo explanation. What there was was very gcod. 'lhe Society have never shown any- j thing more lovely than Miss Fiveash's table- ! tpiead and d'oyleys to match. I will try and Rive you an idea of these dainty things, but io is difficult to bring colours before a reader's eye. The material was the finest white muslin tacked on white silk, and on the muslin was painted a border of exquisite wattle and gum blossoms in tho richest shades of red and gold. The d'oyleys to match had orchids and wild flowers. Another very good set of d'oyleys by Miss M. Boothby, on white silk, also of native flowers, were much admired. For choice in needlework pioper I must take a screen of two panels, a lovely flowing design in the finest embroidery, with little painted panels introduced. Then I liked a cover for a large sofa, of blue cotton material, worked in a bold design in dark blue silks, and a curtain with large conventional flowers in blue and pink. Next to this hung a most quaint curtain, peacocks' feathers, on what looked to me like c-heeseeloth, but I was not very close to it. Then there were some nice coseys and teacloths, but on the whole there was morequality than quantity, a fault on the right side, doubtless. When 1 have mentioned some charming designs, giving a large choice to intending purc hasers u ho like to choose their own designs and have them worked to order, I think I have mentioned the leading articles at the sale. I must close now. Kver your sincere friend, YIITOISIXE SKLP.V. FASHION NOTES. A stylish visiting dress is of black Irish poplin, with a panel of turquoise blue poplin embroidered with jet ; full plastron, also embroidered with jet; bonnet of black lace ornamented with jet sprays. Robes still retain the tendency to length, with a ghost of a train, and a sort of umbrella expansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high, and the shoulders square. Pinks aud blues are the reigning colours. Black toilettes are still very popular. Black alpaca is used with good effect. Simple aud stylish is a gown of black alpaca, semi-fitting, tho jacket cut with rounded basque. There are three buttons across the chest, ths vest, which is not conspicuous, being of white drill speckled black. Heliotrope and brown and green and brown combine well in millinery. Flowers resting on the hair under the brim of the hat are always becoming. Sulphur- coloured roses look charming in a black lace hat. Black wings and wild pink roses on a foundation of black lace straw make a very lovely toqtie. Striped flannels and blue serges are the dominating dress materials for travelling, the seaside, or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The stuffs must be good, and can be enhanced with silk ornamentations. For evening wear foulards, satinettea, and muslins. A becoming stylo of making up all so r t flimsy material is to cut the bodice on the cross, ana fold it round the figure over a deep yoke of coarse lace. Have a plain skirt, and sew on to it round the hips just to meet the bodice a deep flounce of the lace. The sleeves would look best puffed over deep cuffs of lace. The fashion is to put a double frill finely kilted down the full front of the blouse, or one frill to reach just below the bust. The oollar band is straight, wide, and made with folds of (ilk. There are no Bides, back, nor sleeves to the blouse front, but it keeps well in place beneath the open fronts of the coat bodice if properly arranged. The smoking jacket for women is the latest of New York novelties. It is not at al mannish in shape, but it is severely made with frills or plaits, r to afford no cover for the •moke, fon gee silk is the favourite material, and a certain Royal Princess has one in a colour appropriately called "tobac" of linen, lined with dead gold surah. | Pink and yellow is a favourite millinery combination ; so too are yellow and violet. Black straws arc used to the exclusion of white, but various shades of fawn are popular, and some of the French model bonnets and hats ore of fawn colour, shading to brown, Brims of hats and bonnets are meant to lie nijjj^d or bent to suit the face of the wearer. 1 here was a time when a black dress was never seen at a wedding; now, ou the contrary, j black is mcst fashionable for weddings. But, f halte la ! let us see (say6 Lt Journal d.rs Modes) what kind of black is worn. First, the dress ! itself is of the richest of perfection of silk, and the skirt is edged round with a lace flounce, embioidere-d with glittering gems. The jacket t bodice is opened also over a waistcoat of the ' same glittering embroidery, composed of pearls, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and , diamonds, and it is, moreover, edged round with a deep lace flounce, like the flounce on the skirt, and the sleeves are likewise entirely of the same la ^e. j The chic of new gowns lies in the bodice, as the skirts are uniformly plain. The faucy of the moment is for lmdices with jacket fronts, ' short and jaunty Zouaves or Figaros cut in new and varied ways. The top of the jacket Ls ' sometimes f-haped in two square corners above the armlioles, with lapping stitched edges falling on a full vest—a pretty fashion for ! snowflake wools or fine mohairs. Other jacket i fronts are formed entirely of wide moire sash ribbcn over a crepon bodice. Lace Zouaves are on cr£pe de Chine gowns ; very square re-vers, or gathered jabot revers, edge other Zouaves, ar.d an entire jacket of crepon (sleeveless, of course), is worn over a bodice of India silk. ' There is just now a great fancy in London 'or trimming gowns with black lace. Tho taste .r black Ia<-e has in many cases superseded that earlier expressed for Irish lace and cream fruipure. which necessarily gives a more Mimmery look to a gown, and that is not- KJW.IJS desirable. The basque if of black !a<J can l.e worn very deep, and sleeves and yoke are covered with this delicate veiling- -not only silk drev-s-s, but gowns of thin texture, such nun's veiling and printed delaine arc properly trimmed with black lace. The basque of lace is often set on lieneath a narrow basque of material, which is cut in short square t-»bs. Thii plan may l>e varied by gathering the lace so as to form a heading. The la"* is not by arv m. :u:a heavy, and Spiuiih lac .s n^v:%r ajqiear. 